New Lutheran Church. I South. Brisbane. ^ A ceremony, long anticipated with deepest interest by the German section of the com munity of South Brisbane, took place on Sun day in the official opening of..the Lutheran Church, • in Hawthorne street, under the ministration of Pastor Becker. Loug before 2 o'clock a crowd had gathered in and around the grounds of the church, and eagerly awaited the coming of the' procession of clergy. . Pastor Snltmanu (president of the Scandinavian ' Lutheran Synod) -, came first, followed by . Pastor Becker bear ing > the cross, Pastor Goading . (presi dent of the Lutheran Mission at Maty Yamba), and Pastor Moha, each carrying a candlestick, Pastors Koehnke, Burghardt, Doblies, and iieuer. At the main door the clergy were received by Mr. Charles M'Lay, the architect, who presented to Pastor Snlfc mann the handsome gilt key of the edifice on a blue velvet cushion, briefly stating that at the laying of the foundation stone, by Sir Henry Norman,; the hope had been ox pressed tbat the work of . the _ building would be well and faithfully carried out. Mr. M'Lay said that this hope, he trusted, would, now at~ its completion, bo found to have been fulfilled^ and he - ventured to ex press .the wish that as the church was about to be consecrated, the ministration within its walls would, be found abundantly fruitful. Pastor ' Sultmann on receiving the key handed it to Pastor . Becker, saying (in German), in a most impressive voice, " Open wide the. doors, lift high, the gates, and the King' of Glory shall come in.". Pastor Becker then1 unlocked . the door, . and in the name-of tho Father, and of the • Son, and of the Holy Ghost, pronounced the church. open, and the congregation streamed into, the building, severely taxing its powers of accommodation. Tho service opened with a festival anthem, composed by Herr Nurnberger. An organ solo, the 41 "War March of thePrieste," from "Athalie," was given by Mr. S. G. Benson,. followed by a hymn heartily sting by,. the congregation. After this • the church' was consecrated by Pastor Sultmann. He took for his text St. John vii. 16, 17, " My doctrine is not mine, but His that sent Me; if any man will do His will he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself." On this 10th day of May,-, said the pastor, the minds of many present would-torn .back .over hundreds of years; not to* the glories of brilliant - victories, but. to the little to wn of Magdeburg, consisting; then of but. a: few gooses; and the^cathe&L; ' The condition; of. their religion then was indoed- .'deplotuble, harassed by the Emperor, arid withtheir only friend, Gustavus Adolpbius of Sweden, unablo to help them. To- day, May iO,"1896, jit the opening of this now church, these reflections should teach them that thechnrch must bo first : Lutheran; then German. .Taking for his. key note tho worfs, " My doctrino is not miue, but His- that sent Me," • Pastor Sultinann pointed out that not man's word but God's should in all its purity be preached in .the new church; that'whoever voluntarily elected to 'do God's will, must do so in his life, hi* speech, and works; end thus tho: Lutheran church, which, from its position, forms , a landmark far around; should by the fervonr. of the religion taught within its walls; and. practised hy .. its members, become a centre focus of the moral light of the Lutherau faith both far and near. After allnding to tho various services arid sacraments to be per formed from the altar, the port of praise assigned to choir.and organ, ana the. iurita-' tion to.worship given by the bells, the prayer ofjttnsecration was offered, imploring God's blessing' upon' the- church and the various functions performed within its walls!. ; ' After the Liturgy had been read by Pastor Gossling! and other congregationjdbymns had been snug, Pastor Becker undertook the ardaous task of pronouncing two consecutive discourses, ouo in German and ono in ; Erig-; lish. .Both sermons were full oforatorical. power. Iu the former the text taken was from St. Luke xiv. 17,: r* Come for all things are now ready.'*- Alluding feelingly to the. many trials and struggles which * bad been passed through before the' realisation of what liad been the dream'of their hearts for years,' he was .at last in tho joyfril position to be able to quote the words of the -text, "Come, for nil things'are now ready." • Upon the first feeling of thankfulness to Godforthesuccess ful fruition of their hope should follow closely a prayer that the grace of the Holy Ghost might" abide in the hailding ; that after the solemn injunction just' given frorii the,, altar- step// that': not man's words hut God's.should be. spoken there, hearts and hands should bo uplifted in, earnest prayer, that the grace of the Holy. Ghcwt'should be upon- botb minister aud con gregation, to enable its- fulfilment; Speaking of the Central position of ' the church,-. the preacher said that there no longer existed any excuse of .distance, , or poor accommodation',, for the neglect of "God's service, aud madea' most heartfelt and earnest appeal to 'each member of the chnrch tri accept the in vitation, " Come," ' for * all. things . are now . ready."- In English Pastor Becker pronounced, an eloquent discourse,' indulging nappiiy iu figurative .language from the text. St.. John' xii *28;." The Master isr come, 'arid' calleth for thee." Our present position-was compared to that of one' standing on a bridge,i wi*h the stream of hw.life flowing beneath— in the past the record of his Christian :pro-' gress or retrogression; in tho future.' be it far' or near, the inevitable end. Hero also, ns.in' a river, one sees the reflection of one's face,: " as iu. a glass darkly," so. each one's con science shows the , reflex !of his ' character.! Life. is gay with- the thousand' attractive hues" of the butterfly, yet it glistens with' tho' poisonous' brilHancy of the viper. This was proved by a presentment of tbe pre-, sent age,' obverse and reverse. .In the'former, was shown the freedom of. the /world, from' national wars, the prominence of great and learned men, who astonish their fellows by their power, exemplifying the. words' of Sopbodes, "Many powerful things exist, but nothing more powerful and mighty than man." . On tho reverse was shown the>'pre-; vailing- spirit of discontent,: whether with existing'government, laws;, tind social - con ditions," or' only -\yitb . individual circnm stanoes. ,-which fills .the .world, with strife. Against ull this, the Master's;call,' addressed to each individual of-..the "church, • old and, young, rich and poor, without distinction -of ago or circumstauce.-' "The Master. calleth for thee.'\ The paster concluded-Yrith, an urgent exhortation to attend the call and join the great Christian church, the church tri umphant. . After the sermon Miss Theo Benson.played most effectively a violin solo, Bach's " Medi tation," accompanied on the organ by Mr. ti. G. Benson.- Pastor .Heuer took tho rest of the service.' . : ' ' ; A description of tho budding baring been given in Saturday's issue," tittle more is necessary, unless a more detailed description of the beautiful christening basin. . This is hammered out of one'Bolid piece of stiver! Every part of it is a carefully thought out I symboVof 8omo point in'the baptismal rate. The whole forms a most artistic sad beauti ! fully executed piece of', workmanship, -and is ; a credit to "the" establishment "of Mr. 0. A. |Brown, ' whence' .it * emanates. It was presented to the church by Mr. C. J. Wuersching. - -A large number- of Eng j lish citizeiis were present, including Mr. J. IG. Anderson, TJnder Secretary for Education; the "Mayor of South -Brisbane (Aid. A. F. Lnya), and many other prominent and well known' men. . Several clergymen-of other : denominations,- amongst them tho Eev. J. E. ; Bowes and- tho Rev. Hugh Jones, were pre sent.. The imperial consul (the Hon. J. 0. Hcnssler), and most of tho leading German residents of South Brisbane were also there. It has been nrrunged that'a service shall be held in English on the last Sunday of every month, - 