[?] PHROSOf,,. ..'-...'-1 i '» U v - Br ANTHONY HOPE. Aothob op "The Prisoxer of Zenda." \- entrant XXI.— A Word op Yartods Mean- IN03. She came up to une swiftly and without hesi tation. I had looked for somo embarrassment, but thcro was none in lier fnco. Slio met my ctu full and square and began to speak to mo ri once. . « My loTd," bIio Bivid, " I must aslc ono tiling of you ; I must lay moro burdens on you. After to-day, I dare not bo hero when my countrymen learn how they 'arc deluded, for I should bo ashamed to fnco them ; and I dare not trust myself to the Turks, fori do not know what tliey would do with mer. "Will you take me with you— to Athens or to somo other port from which I can reacb Athens ? I can eludo" tho guards here ; I shall bo no trouble. You seed only tell mo when your boat mil Btart and gito m0 a corner to live in on board. Indeed I grievo to ask moro of you, for you have done so much for me, hut my trouble is groat and— what is it, my lord 1" I had movod my hand to stop her. She had scted in the one way in which, had it been to saro my life, I could not have. She put what iudpas3ed utterly out of tho way, treating it u tho merest trick. My part in it wao to lier the merest trick ; of hers alio said nothing. Had hers then been a trick also? My blood grew hot at the thought ; I could not endure it " When your countrymen learn how ihey nro deluded 1" Baid I, repeating lier words. "Deluded in what ? "In the trick we played on them, my lord, to —to persuade thorn to disperse." I took a stop towards lier ; and my voice ihook as I eaid,: "And was it all a trick, Throeo?" For at this moment I set above everything olso in tho world afresh nssnranoeof her love. I would force it from her, sooner than not lmvc it. She answered me with questioning eyes and lead little smile. "Aro wo then hetrothod ?" she said, in mournful mockery. I was close by hor now, I.did not touch her, butl bent a little and my face was noar her. "Was it a trick to-day and a trick on St. Tryphon's day also '' I askod. She gare!ono startlod glance at my face, and now her eyes dropped to the ground. ' She made no answer to my question. "Was it also a trick, Phroso?" I asked in entreaty, in insistence, in the wild longing to hear her lore declared once, here, tome alone, where nobody could hear, nobody impair its sweet seorecy. 1'hrcBo's answer came now, net to tho accom paniment of tho saddest, softest murmuring laugh. " Ah, my dear lord, must you hoar it again ? Am I not twico abamcd already ?" "Be shamed yet once again," I whispered ; and then I saw tho light of gladness master tho misty sorrow in her eyes ns I had soon onco before ; and I greeted it, whispering : "Yes, a thousand times, a thousand times." "My dear lord," she said ; but then she sprang hack, and the lightness was clouded again as ahe stood aloof, regarding me in speech less distressed puzzlo. "But, my lord," she murmured boIdw that I scarcely hoard. Then oho took refuge in a return to her request. "You won't leavo mo here, will you? You will take me somewhere where I can bo safe. I — I'm afraid of "these men, even though tho pasha is dead." I took no notice of the request she repeated. I seemed unablo to speak or to do anything else but look into her oyes ; and I said, a tone of ' awe in my voice : "You haTo tho most wonderful eyes in all tbo world, Phroso." 'ty lord," murmured Pliroso, dropping tboir lids. But I knew she would open them won again — and so Bhe did. - "Yes, in all tho wide world," said I. "And I want to hear it again," As wo talked wo had moved little by little, and now wo wore at the side of tho house in the deep dull shadow of it. Yet tho oyos I praised ' i"?0'' K'm and sliono in tho darknosB. Add suddenly I felt urin3 about my nook, clasp- on mo tightly and her breath w03 on my chock, coming quick and unevenly; and sho wMs-, pered: Yes, you shall hear it again nnd again and 'gain, for I am not ashamed now. For I know, , Ksi I know, I love you. Ilovo you; ah, bow I, Jou. And her whispers found answers in #®1® ' ' RU(1 1 bald hor ns though against all tho ' v« ' nn i"'lG world was in tliat moment, nil .i10 VPa!l uotbing else than tlint moment in ,, r v.'odd. And had a man told me then I had felt love before I would havolaughed '"""face— tho fool ! £ut then Phroso drew baolc ngain ; the brief mpturo freo from all past or future, all tliougbt ? ''er' ant leaving hor forsook a o;andslio stood again over against me, murmuring : But, my lord " hntw " Wl w'ldb she would say, aud for an 1 nt I stood silent ; tlio world hung for us on balance of my next words. cv„ my lur)3, llie lady who waits for you I r . 10 son?" And there sounded a note of ! 111 "l0 softly breathed whisper that tho I ossriod to my ear. . In an instant, bofore JoeiOBuswcr, Phroso came noar to mo and 'laiionb hand on my arm, and spoke gently ; RniLij&ickly.; "'Yes, I know,. I see, I under- j bfcarlu,1 eho said, "and- 1 thank you, my lord ; and I thank God, my dear lord, that you told mo and did not leavo without showing me your love. For though I must ho very unhappy, yet I shall be proud ; and in tho long nights I shall think of this dear island and of you, though yon will both bo far away. Yes, I thank heaven you told me, my dour lord." And she bent hor head, that should have bimt to no man, and kissed my hand, Put I snatched my hand hastily away and I sprang to her and caught her again in my arms, and again kissed her lips, for my reaolvo was made. I would not let her go. Those who would might ask tho rights of it. I would not let her go. Yet I spolco no word, and bIio did not understand, but thought that I kissed her in farewell, for tho tears wore on hor feeo and wetted my lips ; and she clung to mo as though something were tearing her from me and must soon sunder ber apart, so greedy was hcr'gra3p on mo. And then I opened my mouth to whisper in her ear the words that would bid defiance to tho thing that was tearing her away, and must rivet hor life to mino. Put hark 1 There was a cry — a startled' ex clamation and tho sound of footsteps. My namo was ehoutcd loud and eagerly. I knew Denny's voice. Phroso slid from my relaxed arms, and drew back into tho deepest shadow. "I'll bo back soon." I whispered, and with a last pressure of her hand, that was waxm now and answered to my grasp, I stepped out of the shelter of tho wall and stood in front of tho honso. Denny wub on the . doorstep ; tho door was open, and the light from the lamps in the lrall flooded the night and fell full on my face as I walked up to him. And on sight of me he seemed to forget lus own errand and his own eagernons, for ho caught me by the shoulder and stared at me, crying; - "Heavens, man, you'xoas white as a sheet 1 Have you soon a ghost? Does Oonstartiue walk — orMoumki?" "Fifty ghosts would be a joke to what I've been through. My God I never had such a time 1 What do you want ? What did you call mo for? I can't stay. She's waiting.'; For now I did net core; Denny/arid all Ncopatia might know now. ' "Yes, but sho must wait a little," he said. "You mu3t come into toe house and conic upstairs." " I cau't," I said obstinately. " I— I— I can't, Denny." . "Youmu3t. Don't bo a fool, Charley, It's important; tho Captain is waiting for you." His face soemedbigwith news— what it might bo I could not tell— butthohint of itwiis enough tomnke me catch hold of Mm, orying, "What is It ? FI1 come." " That's right. Come along.'" Arid he turned and led tho way rapidly through the old hall and up the stairs, i followed him,; my mind whirling through a cloud of possibilities. The quiot business like aspect of the- room into which Denny lot! the way did something to sober me. I pulled myself together, seeking j to bide my feelings under a mask of careless ness. The Captain eat at the table with a mass of papers surrounding him; he appeared to bo examining them, and, as ho read, his lips curved in surprise or contempt. " This Mouralri was a cunning fellow," said lie, "but if anyone hod chanced to get hold of tliis box -of his while he was alive, he would not have enjoyed even so poor a peat as ho thought his governorship. Indoed, "Lord Whcntlev,' hail you been actually a party to Mb death, I think yon noed have feared nothing when i somo of the pajicra had found their way to the eyes of tho Government. AVo aro well. rid of him, indoed 1 But then, ns I always say) those Avmenians, though they aro clover, dogs " But I had not eome to hear a Turk discourse . on Armenia, and I broke in, with an impatience that I could not .altogether oonccal, . " I beg your pardon, hut is that all you wanted to say to me ?" _ " I should have thought that it wns of somo importanoo to you," ho observed. . 1 " Certainly, ' said I, regaining my composure a littlo. " But your cqurtosy and kindness had already reassured rao." , He bowed bis acknowledgments qnd proeoeded. in a most leisurely tono, sorting toe papers and documents before him into orderly heaps. "On tho death of the pasha, too Govern-; mont of tho island having temporarily devolved on mo, I thought it my duty to exnraino his Excellency's '(curse too dog d) — his Excellency a dospatoh box ; with tho result that I have dis covered very a-cmarkablecvidonccs of toe sobernos wliicli lie dared to entertain. .AVith 1Mb, how- evor, I need not perhaps trouble you." : " I would not iutruuo iuto it for too worldl 1 B"V also discovered," be pursued in midis- tuvbed leisure and placidity, " among... too iiaslm's iiapers a letter addrossed to ; — - " "Mo I" And I sprang forward. . , "No; to your cousin— to this gentloman; Pursuing what I conceived to be my duly— and I must trust to Mr. .Swinton to forgive "'koro tho exasperating foUow paused, looked at Donny, waited for allow from Denny, duly rceeivod it, duly nnd with ceremony retUTnod it, sighed ns though ho wore much relieved at Denny's complaisance, cleared lus turoat, . arranged a littlo heap on liis loft linuu, and at; last, oh, at last 1 — wont on. : " Tliiw letter, I aay, in pureuanco of wliat X ooncwrod to "bo -my duty " „ " Yea, yos ; your duty, of course. CJloarly ' your duty 1 YesT" 11 1 read. It appeared, liowovoc, to contain nothing of imirortauco."" " Then, why tho dcuco— I—iI mean— I bag your pardon." , ; _ , " But really matters of pnvate concern. But I am not waiTontod in letting it out of my hands. It will Iiavo to bo delivered to the Government with tho rest of tho pasha's papera. I have, however, allowed Mr. Swinton toroad it. Ho says that it oonoeruu you, Lord AA'licatloy, more than himself. I therefore propose to ask him to rend It to yon (I can decipher English hut not spunk it with facility) in my presancn ; and with this lie handed an envelope to Denny. AVo had got to it nt hi3t.' . " For licaven'n snko bo quick about it, my dear hoy," I oriod, and I seated myself on too 1 tablo, swingingmy log toamlfroinafuryof reat-- jess lmpntieneo. The captain eyed inv agitated body with profound disapproval. Denny took t!>e letter from its -cnvolopn and; read:— London, 21st May." Then he lmnsod' and remarked, "AVo got here 011 the 7th, veu' 'w- , I nodded hastily, and be went -on, My dear Denny— Oh, how awful this is 1 I can liardly bcaT to tliink of it ! 1'uor, poor! leuow! Mamma in -terribly griovetl, anil I of! course even more. Both mamma audi feel toaitj it makes it so much wnrso som&liuw; that this' news should oomo only toioe days after he! must havc got mamma's lettsr. jtamma snys that it doesn't really mako any tlilforonee, and tout if her letter was wise then, this torriblo1 news cant altar that. I suppose it doesn't really, but it seems to, dueHn't it? Qh'do; write directly and tell me that ho wasn't very unhappy about it when he had that terrible fever. There's r. big blot — because I'm crying. I know you thought I didn't care about him, but I did— though not (as mamma says) in -one1 way, really. Do you think lieforgavo mo? It would kill me if I tooughtbe didn't. Do writo soon. I Bupposo you will bring poor dear Charley ' home? lTca3C tell me he didn't think very badly of rao. Mamma joins with mo in sincorost sympathy — Yours mnsl sincerely, Beatrice Kennott Hipgravo. l'.S. Mr. Bennett Hamlyn has just called ; bo is uwfuliy grieved about poor dear Chatloy. I always think ol Mm as Charley .still, you know. Do writo." There was a long pause. Then Denny ob served in a satirical tone, "To he thought of still as ' Charley ' is, after all, something. "Bat what the dovil docB it mean P' I criod, leajring from the tablB. " I sui>pose you will bring poor dear Charley home," repeated Denny in a moditativo tone.: lAVell, it looks rathor moro like it than it (lid a few days ago, I must admit." "Denny, Danny, if you lore me, what's it all about? I haven't had any letter from " "Mamma? .No, wo'vo had no letter from mamma. But then wo haven't had any letters from anybody." " Then rniiangodif I " I began in be- bewildered despondency. . " But, Charley," interrupted Denny, '" per haps mamma sent a letter to Moumld Pa3ha I" " To Mouraki ?" "This letter of mine found it's way to MonrakL" "Ail letters," observedtoo captain, who was loaning back quietly and staring at the coSing, "would pass through Ms bands if be chose to make them." j "Good heavens J" I cried and sprung forward. Tho hint was enough. In nn instant ray busy, nervous, shaking hands were ruining the neat piles of -documents wlricli too captain had so carefully reared in front aud on cither side of him. I dived, tossed, fumbled, rummaged, scattered, strewed, tore; toe captain, incapable of resisting my excited energy, groaned in help less despair at the ruin of his evoniug's work. And Denny, having .watahod mo for .a few minutes, suddenly broke cut iuto a peal of laughter. I stopped for an instant to glare re proof of his ill timed mirth, and tur ned to my wild search again. The search seemed -useless. Either Mouraki bad not rcomvod a letter from Mrs. Bennett. Hipgravo or bo bad done what I myself always did with toe good Jady's communications— iies- : troycditiuunediatelyafterreadingit. I examined every scrap .of paper, official documents, private notes (tho captain wa3 very nervous whon 1 in sisted on looking through there for a traeo of Airs. Hipgrave's name), lists of stores; in a word, the whole oontonta of.Mouraki'e despatch: tames. " Ifs a blank !". I oried, stepping baekat last in disappointment. - _ ' ' "Yes, it's gone, but, -depend upon it,'bo bad it," eaid Danny. A sudden roeoTlection flashed noross me — the ; romomhranco of toe subtlo amused smile with whieh Mouraki bad spoken of the lady who wa3 : most anxious nbout mo— my. future wile. He must liuve knovyaJbAn ; bo must even then have bad Mrs. IHpOTVifailettor in hta possession. He had played a deliberate triok on me by sup- t pressing the letter. ;; henoe bis fury when I an-, nouuoed my intention of disrogarding toe ties that bound me— a fury , fhat_ bad for the moment conquered his cool cunning anil led libn into violent threats. At. that moment— when'I1 realised tho man's audaeious villany, whon I' thought of toe struggle be had caused to mof and tiro pain to- Phroso— -well "just then — I- come- near to car&giing; Denjetri, and nearer. still to grndging hiin his exploit, . " AVhatwasin theletter.'toiai? I oried to Denny. :- A- , . "" "Kood my letter again,"' sa:fl ho, ana he; threw it norojs to mo. .' : I read it again ; I was cooler now, aud tho meaning of it stood out plain aud not to bo doubted. Mrs. Bennett Hipgrave's letter— hor wiso letter — had broken off my engagement to her daughter. The foot was plain ; all that was miaring, <lefi£royod by tho oiutiou or tho carc1c3anesa of Mouraki Paalm, woro tho jcasoua, . aud tho Tcwions I could ropply for myself. I Teadhed my oonclumon, aua looked agtun at- Penny- "Allowiue tooougratulato 3ou,' aaid Donny, - irouically. > . . , : Man is a curious creature. I may have mode that reflection before. -I offor no apology for- that the more I sso of myself and of my frieuii the more convinced! grow of it. Here wa3 tho thing for wliicli I .luul I)2cn hoping 'and praying— tho ono great thing that I asked of. Fato— tho eingl .boon wliicli fortuno onviously withheld. "Hero waa freedom —dirino freedom ! Yctwhat lacstuallywiid to Denny, 5n reply to hie felieitfttdonH, a ; ' "Hang tho She. jilted me ! And I said it with considerable annoyance. . ; . The captain, who studied 35ugli»h in his spare momsntB, hare interposed, asking suavoly .4'Pmy,'my deariUOTdWheotley, what is tho moaning-of fchatoi'd— -jilted"?"? - ' "Tkomoaiuhg of jiltedT! isaid Denny.; _ -Ho; wants to know, the maturing of jilbod; Ohar- ' i lookodfroin<moi» tho. other of tliein, then " I thinlc Pll go nnd ask," nnd I started for the door,- . The capfcam'-s ox/preasion aocueed mq of rudeness. Penny «nughtmo by the arm. "It'-sabtdocent 3eM«tridh<.withn twinkle: inlriseyoB. ' , " , , ,Mlt happened .nearly ft . month ns» I pleaded, "I vo had time togot over it, Denny — a man can't "wear the willow nil his . life." "You old humbug i" said Donuy but he let nij wasnotlong in 'going. I ilartod dowu the: stairs. I eupiosc a niau doooivos himself aud will find cxcuhoh for himself where others inay only find matter for laughter.; but I Tomembcr oougratulating myself on not having spoken tho final words to Pliroso bofore Danny lufcorrupfced ub. Well, I would .speak thom now— I was froo to HPiiak them now 4 and suddenly in this thought the vexatious being jilted vanDhod. "It amouuta," said I to inyKolf aa I reacliou tho hall, "to no moro than a fortunate ooiuoi- dcuco of opinion." Audi paaned through to tho door and turned sharp round to the left. Slio wiw thcro waiting for me— and waiting eagerly it Beemod ; for before I could sneak she ran tome, holding out hor hands, and she cnod ' in a low urgent whiopor, full of entreaty. 1 "jlv lord, I liavo thought. I have thought while you wcro in "the lionse. You must not 3oj| fliia, my "lord. Yes, I know — now I know — that; you love mo, hut you miwt not <lo this. Myi loriTs honor mut not bo stained for wy sakc.'w I could not reairft ifc. And I cannot justify it. ' I Maumsda terribly wul cxprcAHicm. . .'"Yon ha SB realfy come to that conclufdon, PliroRotf?.! oskhd. ' Ymf all, how difficult it is 1 But my lorru honor— ah, dont tempt me. You will take mo to Athens willvou not? And then ! Aud'tlion;' said 'I, "you'U leave auo'2" ; "Yea," said I'kroao with a littlo catch .in her I voice. | "Andwhatishalll do, loft alonc'?w ' "Go ibacV Tnurmured Phroso almost in-; nudibly, - J "Go 'Jjack— thinking of those wonderful! eyes 3" . ; I ""No— no — fchinking of "The lady who >v»its.for mo ovcr thesReaT' ! "Yes. And oil, my Jord, !I pray tliat yon : will "find bappsaess." ' . . , ' There was. a moment's isilenco ; Tbroso difll not look ' at ine; bat toen I : did not look at! Phroso. ' ; . ' ' "Thou you refuse, Phroso, to bavo any thine : to sayto me V . ! No answer at Ml leachofl 'mo ; 1 came nearer, ; being itfiniil ;toat 1 migbtnot bavo'board hori answer. . "And -what ami to flo for a wife, Phroso?" V asked forlornly. "For Phroso— "All,, my lord, -wby -do yon take my hand again?" ! "Did I, Phroso.. Boeauso, Phroso, too lady who waits oyer, too eca— it is: a charmingly: pootie phrase, -upon my word?" "You hnighl murmured Phroso in aggrieved protest and wonder. "Did I really lanzh, Phroso ? "Well, I am. happy, so I may laugh." . " ;'Ha;ipy ?" ahe whispered ;and then atlaRt her eyes wore drawn tommo in mingled hope and: anguish of questioning. "Tho lady "who waited over toe sea," .said I,: "wnitsuo longer, Phraso." " The wonderful eyes grew moro wonderful in their amazed widening ; and Pliroso, ' lay ing a hand gently on lqy aun said, "She waits no longer! 'My lord, too is i dead?" Tins confident inference was extremely flatter ing. There was evidently but -one tiling that could end too -patient waiting of toe lady who waited!" . - "On toe contrary too flunks tout I am. Con stantino spread news of my death." "Ah, yes.!" "Ho said tout I died of f ever." " And olio bolioyod it ?" " She does Phroso ; nnd she .appears to be really very sorry," \ Ah, but what joy will he Tiers wbon she' learns " , ' - . "But, phroso, before too fbbugbtl was dead, she had made up 'hor miud to wait no longer;" " To wait no.longor T What do you mean, my lord? Ah, my lard tell me what you mean ?" "AVTiot hnB "happened tome here; in Neo- patia, Phroso V Many strange filings, ' my lord, — somo most most torriblo." . . . " And some most— most what, Phroso ? Ono tiring that bus happened to me hasj I toirik, happened also to too lady .who waited. ' - ' l'luoso'n hand— tho one that 1-bnd not taken —was euddonly stretched out,, and. she spoke in avoioe that.sotmdod half stifled. " Toll me, my lord. - Tell mo I cannot endure it longer." '/ - And than I grew/gravo nnd said, "I am free. "She has .given me my free dom." - ' "Sho has ret you free." "Sho loves mo no longer, I suppose, if ever toB.did." "Oh; hut ray ford, it is impossible Y " Should . vou think It so? Phroso, itas true — true that l ean oomo to.you now."- - She uhderstood-' at last ; And for a moment -too -was silent ; and I silent also, piorcod -through toe darkness to. her wondering face! Ones sho stretched out' her arms, then there came a littlalong low laugh, and toe put hor bands together and thrust them,- thus clospod, betweon mine that closed on them. " . "My lord, my lord, .my lord;" said Phroso.. Suddenly 1 heard iv low mourefol to'ant com ing up from the harbor, the moan ol mourning winces. The -sound struck aoroas the stillneas toat had followed her hist words. . "AVknt is that V I asked. " AVhat are tocy rdoing down there J" ' . "Did you not know? Tho bodies of my 'eousin and of Hortos camo forth nt snnset from the secret pool into which they .fell ; and they bring them how. to bury thoiri by too -chunk. And thoy mourn. ICortos because -they loved him ; and Constnntine also thoy feign' to mourn, because he was- of- tho house of the Stefau- opouloi." . A ' "We otood for Bome minutes listening to too chant that rose and foil and eohoed among the Mils. Its sad cadences minglod hero and there with toe note of sustained hopq, seemed a fit ting end to tho ntory— to ties -stormy days that wereroundod off at last by.peaoo and joy to ub. who lived and by tod embraces of too allhiding, . nil pardoning earth for those who had fallen. I put .my .arm round PhroBo; and thus at last, togetlior, we listened till too sounds died away , in low echoes rind sHenoQ fell again on toe island. . - '>'' "All, flio dear island!" said Phroso Boftly " You will not take me away from it for ovorT It ismy loid's island now, and it will be faithful, to Iran, 'oven, as I invself ; for God has boon very , good; and my lord ss very good.' : , I looked at her, and her oboeks were again wot wifli tears ; aiid, as I watobed a ili'Qp fall, from lier oyos, I raid to her .softly, That ishtdl be the lost, Pliroso till wo part asa'in." v . , ; A loudcoagh from ike front of liheiiouso in- terrhiitod us ; l advahoed, bookonlng to Phroso to follow and wealing I am afraid too apolo- getio look usual in such cireumstqucea, And 1 found Denny and the captain. - "Aro you coming down to toe yacht, Charley ?' askod Denny. . "Er—dn a few minutes, Denny. " Shall I wait for you?" "Oh, I think loan find my way. Doiniy laughed and caught mo by the hand ; then ho passed on toFhroso. I do not, how- over know what lie said to -lier, for at thw moment too captain touched '-my shoulder nnd demanded my attention. "j ,Xjg join iiartloii, 'Saul lie, but you liover told me the moauing of that word." "What ward, mydoar oaptaiu?" " AVby the word you used of toe ilady's lottor — nf what hUb had done." "Oh, you moan 'jilted. ' "Yon, that's it." "-."It is," said I, after a moment's rolloction, "a word of very various meanings." " All," said tho captain with a comprehend ing nod. "Yes, very various. Inouosouso it .meaus, to .mako a -man misorablo." " Yes, I see— to make him unhappy." "And M another tomako liim — to mako him, captain, tho luckiest beggar alive." "It is a strange word, observed the captain meditatively. " I don't know about that, said I. Good night." (to HE continued,) 