SPORTING. I SPORTING NOTES. Br Tim Whiffles. The Oudeig gelding, Ouden, returned home on Saturday evening last after an unsuccess' ful trip to Melbourne. Thb relative neeritB of speed of a bicycle and a horse has afforded food for a deal of discussion, since Middenway slipped round the local bicycle track in the fast time of 34£sec. at the sports on Wednesday last, and opinions as to the ultimate result of a match, horse v. wheel, were fairly evenly atviaea. Those who favored ihe chance of the wheel expressed their couviction that a horse would not be able to negotiate the turns in the quarter-mile bicycle track on tbe Association grcund, when called upon to travel at full speed. Argument upou the subject culmin ated in a match being made for £10 aside, tbe racing pony, Corrie, being named as the opponent against the local wheelman, James Dawson. Tbe novelty of the match attracted a large number of spectators to tbe Associa tion Ground yesterday evening and consider able interest was manifested in the match. The pony was favourite, her backers offering to lay 2 to 1 on, but no response was made. When the signal to go was given Corrie jumped away very quickly and establishing a good lead never gave tho wheelman a ghost of a chance throughout, aud won as she liked in 35sec. for the quarter-mile spurt. Orient'6 new owner (Mr. Murphy) took o fancy to the black Sunrise gelding, Blitz, who ran so well at the Narandera Amateur meeting, and a deal was effected, Mr. Murphy parting with £100 to acquire ownership of the gelding. ' Bosh' Hoysled has been engaged to train Mr. Murphy'6 horses in Melbourne. Bob Piper had a winning ride at Randwick on Saturday, when he steered Caudour to victory in ihe High Weight Handicap. Twelve run, and Candour, who carried 8st 71b, won easily in lmin. 45sec. for tbe mile journey. Latonia's first foal, M.G. , carried silk iu the Maiden Plate at the Maribyrnong (Vic.) meeting on Saturday. The filiy had to put up with second place, Areola, a 3-year-old sister to Keera and Destiny, beating her at the finish. A high-priced failure in Astronomer won a race at Randwick on Saturday. As tronomer, who is a high- brother to Trenton and Zalinski, cost Mr. S. Hordern 1,575 guineas as a yearling in New Zealand. A contingent of the police force attended Raudwick on Saturday (says the broils), and, inspired by the recent decision ot the Su preme Court, warned a number of book makers as to the illegality of cash betting. The bookmakers, however, did not appear to be much alarmed, and continued to pursue their calling until the close of lbs day's racing. Their attitude in this respect is likely to bring them into closer acquaint ance with the authorities, as it is under stood a number of prosecutions are to fol low. The decision on which these proceed ings are to be instituted was one given re cently by Mr. Justice Stephen in chambers, when he held, on the strength of a recent English decision, that betting upon an open piece ef land brought cash bookmakers within the scope of the law. There was seme fair race dividends in Adelaide on Saturday. In the Hurdle Race Gipsy Queen, a Sir Oliver mare, paid £19 lis, in the Farmers' Cup De la Volta paid £18, and in the Benefit Handicap Dumps paid £J3 4s. Patriot, who is considerably above the average, easily accounted for the Nursery Stakes at Randwick on Saturday. It was a special weights race, with penalities for winners, aud as Patriot only had to put up 71b extra, the son of Automony and Bangle was freely backed at evens. Patriot i6 in the Derby next year. In our business columns will be found the programme of events to be decided at the meeting of the Farmers' Home Pony aud Galloway Club ou Boxing Day. Half a dozen events are down on the programme, covering a distribution of £22 in prize money. Tbe events are as follows : — Opening Handicap, of £3, four furlongs ; Boxing Day Handicap, of £5, six fui longs; Handicap Trot, of £2, two miles and half ; Farmers' Home Hatidi | cap, of £8, seven furlongs ; Hack Race, of ! £2, four furlougs ; Forced Handicap, of £2, five furlongs. Entries for the Opening, | Boxing Day, and Farmers' Home Handicaps | are due for lodgment with the joint secre* taries (Messrs. C. Juppenlatz and J. Hines), at the Farmers' Heme Hetei, not later than Wednesday, 23rd December. 