I THE MYSTERY OF GLENBLLIS. : -er: reasoning. A few, of our old men, I think, , claim to have secn aod heard something very " Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people iu thi( agi believing in such titter nonsense! It is too ridiculous V There was scorn in Miss "RotBsby's voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke thise" words. Her companion^ Charley King, a young ciril engineer, was amused, judging by thi smile that pjme and went before he made ankwer, in a half- soothing, half apologetk tone— " Ab, now, dont yon think you are a littlt severe upon my townsfolk .and their pel idfosyncracy ? Yon know a' belief in which one is born and brought up is a part of his very nature, accept! d in most cases witfooot qoiMtioc extraordinary in the Glen years ago—before my time; as for the'rest'of usj I suppose not uajf a tlozeii havis ever' been there'; we simply igbdk-e the place:' 1 '"That is exactly what.I supposed," *«rturned Miss Rotbsby, triumphantly. *•' Those antediluvians who sit, raiti oi- shfne. in frt)ht of hotels atid saloooB, tell ttieif st^id 'rtiiartfeB 'over aHd otfer again until they-come to believe them true, so make others believe.' ' Perhaps you are right*; but Wat does not allertbe fact that the-ifflen bean an «vil>epnta ti6n, and we Bte all familiar with the btojod curdling stories of deeds said to have bappened there." •••••' i 44 , It seems to nte.th^y can easily be explained Dbubtless when this country^was new tlie-Glen was the rendezvonsfnr raflSnns ind outlaws'; sebludeil, almost, inacessible for those who met there to be surprised. To idoiiblv secure themselves they circulated 1 -horrible tales; raised* f<jw ghosts, land.niade occasions to impose them upon the' cfednUius early settlors. Tltere is the caaeina nDtslMll.' : Charley shook his head in doubtful way that imtated the ptetty philosopher. ." Very well put, Miss Rothsby ; but tljere are certain things—" ' 1 " Nonsense ! " she broke in iftlf langliirtgly, 4 half . angrily, 4 1 know 50U - are going, to. i«ay something stupid and old-fashioned, and i will not permit it. - The' robbers'axe dust long sgo, ahd the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may be sure; yet have" your all, for such a palpable imposture, buried in oblivion the most romantic en-i beautiful spot on earth. Fie upon you, young men, to let such a state of continue ! " But what can we do about it ? We were taught to rispect the opinion of our elders, and liave done so." 4 4 That's all very well; but respect can be carried too far." 4 4 Wei', what do you suggest ?asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. 4 4 That tbe Glen be thoroughly'investigated Just l$t the place be invaded by merrymaker^, and the spell will be broken. Once known it will become famous," so that people will come from far and near to see it." 4 4 It may be all just as you s»y," responded the young man. 4 4 But you forget the flowers. You told me that on the first day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the st&lk;, and the flower became white. How do you account for that ? " 4 4 1 don't try to account for it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a red fluid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and incomprehensible. It is alsurd to be affected by a phenomenrn just because one doesn't understand it." " Nevertlidess. I think the flowers are the greatest objection to our project. Their : peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say the j least." „ ,, 1 " I suppose w-and it is such a pity ? Vou ; r.anBot thick how I have set my heart 011 Ibis £i<jnicm the Glen, Jmajj'nejbp ^ ^ of o«c or t«fo hundercd laiiteims. There is not a thing I coald wish cha.n^e3."*',_ t ftacfpt^^BoAerer^ . ^ Esccpt tfce flowenrr l wish they would disappear For tftat one'evening 'Do you think we s&n; persuade-the others ? " " _ We'll try ; the idea will be quit&fetiirM5Agi; ' bowever We shall meet with much more opposition from the parents than from the young' folks •"lord if" we hasten mattBWlt'Wttl leave lees time for talk. Friday will be the * harvest moon,' why not have it then ?" •• Jnst the thing ! Do yon suppose Blarney rad-his jia^et&.will go ?" 'J Ifo, indeed, nor any other musicians in EUendde. We'll ; have tdfot«So 4'ancrng." A, moonlight picnic without dancing?, PrejHWterous ! If the harpers will not yield to my powers of persoosion papa must furnish the music : he knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us." " I will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for tjie papfe? and mammas, aunts and uocli-s. who declare they have beard unaccountable sounds issue from the Glen. You will teed them all, and wish far more "Wore we successfully lay the ghust: . Ah ! here come Letty and,Tom Hayntrd, and that is Jack Craig and Hiss Anuie bfehind them. Good! Now we can begin the attack/' Charley King had returned but a. few weeks aAniMMMliAii fmm 'o fira VMITA before this eonversation from 'a five yeais' absence in dLstant londs. • Among his fellows there none tad a higher reputation than he for those qualities which men as well as women most (admire. It was not-strange.then that, pretty iftiss'ftottasby, whom he found nisiting his sister, an old schoolmate, should find him particularly jittractiye, and he, for his part, had declared to hlinself, aftet the matoner of men hard bit at -first sight, that it should be Miss Rofchsby or no one. About a mile from Ellendale was the haunted glen of which .they had been speaking, marvellouWlj* beautiful and picturesque. Miss Rothsby had 'spent many an hour "th»-re,for her friend and' IMJS^SS, waa -an' 1 important-persoiiago in houfediold and parish matters, and there were tjmes! When 'the vi-ritor must ontettamherself. Ab she was a goe'd walker she soon knew the conutty for miles around better than most of th« young Women born and bAd in thfe town.' and so discovered the beautiful and st eluded spot ihich bore so had a reputation... 4 4 Better tint go there again', Miss' KolfiSby," nerh^nt said. to her when she spoke of her expedition at the dinner table, and wondered that aothlrtaing a place wss so little knbwti. " It is humiliating to admit .that we are the. Wctuns of sh^ers/titio!''. but'everyone in the commntrity believes'that the Glen is haunted." - ' " Then, as "I should immensely enjoy friendly" chit with "a bona-lide ghost, I shall make it a pomt to go soon again," laughed the young lady. - . .. i 4 1 hope hot." skid Mr' King, gravely, " for I feel deeply tipon this-snbject. You, of course, noti^fed the oak tree that hides the pathway ? It was blunted when I was a'boy..' A dreadful thing had- happened there just .before, though I cannot say positively theTe was anything supernaturwl Bbbnt it." " What was it P' asked Miss Kobbsby. curiously. 4 Tell, meo all the story, please." 4 .*• I cdn only tell you what I know. An odd looking foreigner.passed through the tqjwn one day, 'and disappeared in the Glen. 'fh«t night a ehbek as of earthquake was felt, andi>eople who passed near the forest hear strange, unearthly cries. From time to time these s'rangc shocks" wers repeated. The mau was never setni again, and it was supposed that .be was murdered." " Oh ! and is that ail ?" asked Miss Rotbsbv in a disappointed tone. " The authorities considered it Gniotfgb, atad resolved to render' tlie Glen, as innct-ssible as ; jjos-jble. Ifor aught I know, yours is the first, foot that has Stopped within if lor fort y years." 4 1 I must say, then, that you have lost moretban you can imagine, and I shall try to atone for your-neglect'of the loveliest spot on earth." So answered the wilful beauty ; ..and to the Glbn she went thereafter as often as opportunity. allowed, declaring'to herself, aS she "sat upon the greensward drinking in.ttie beauty, of t her surroundiups, that it was enchated ground, •and that she was under the magic spell. When' Charley King came he was a willing escort, and sb -lpng as she was by his side, what dfd it matter where they went ? ^ - Thefiicnicby moonlight ~ had heen a long-' talked of plan among the younp people of tbe village. The selection of the place was left to thesfe two visitor and they J had chosen the haunted glen. Friday was the night appointed. Some acquiesced wHliHgly, 6th^ri : ttfffctantly, feHt fao one Had the.courage to refusq ^ave tlie •ikmstcians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, and could not be £er»iaded to 44 resk their lives, reason, »nd instrooments by gon' to'the hants of the devil hisstlf.'"' ' Eo -Mr; "Rothsby stipplieil the tonsic,' g&ihg; tj^e men hesent from the city instruction* to render any assistance they coiild, bidding them, if possible, to arrange ana licht tlie immense number »f - Chinese lanterns he con? signed to them without the knowledge .of .the party. His'plan wdtk^d well. for that'their last night might not be .assailed by*aleS not-conducive to steady hands, they were met at the train and directed to the Glen, with strict injunctions not to p'uck so much as a blade of •ass.-' The sun bad not yet set behind the distant mountain top' when doors here and "there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxiools wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at them froih'behind blinds or open doorways. But' when they entered that distant pathway and the sweet perfume of tbe forest pervaded the air as their light feet pressed the esrpet-of • piM needle^ the jest died away, the laughter ceased ^ and their voices had a hollow sound. Fear, seized upon them ; each "had a strong de»ire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, aind in low voices they talked of little matters in the village. , When the exquisite beauty of thfi Glen burst upon their view all other thoughts were dispelled,' and thp nervous reaction of their.groundless terror made them dbulily merry. Hundreds of lanterns gleamed -faintly m ttarfaditig-twilight from the trees and; vines on either side, and tbe jrraud" old oak wKch barred the entrance was fairly covered with tfcpm. The first glimpse of the fair " queen of tfae nighV as ier: silvery disc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for a song, ~>hhlf chsnfe half * rounder lay,: that had been composed for, the occasion, and' as the young people stbbd iuiihe pride' and strength c-f -their youth. tHeir foeffi. hpturo'ed,' their rich, street voices filling tbe JyiDg day with hneliiv,- *>ne woiiWhaVe said, 1 ' 4 ' Wfee ftfife Kottisby ! * SorelvTno restifj*", unholy s^cite can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent 'bravery and you'r'piitie"roiccs mttSt erfoAjffie them for ««veTipori*s" Scarcely speaking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from 'spot 'tosiibt In an e&sfec;'f of delight. Especially did the .flftwers that 'learned so red upon the ground attract them.; but Miss' Rothsby bad exaggerated ' the'fcteSh they made that th.ey might be left, untouched. She felt now that ' some natural explanation could be givfn of their unpleasant' peculiarity, but- dreaded its effect upon weak nerves, so wisely advised 'her companions "to beware" of them •She learned , from the musicians that her father bad iiitettdert coming on the same train with them, but being detained, at the last minute, he would take the next one, and be with them before the evening was over ; so, »slier light feet kept .time to a favourite waltz, vnda' face she, much approved was very near to hers, she thought her cup -'of eatthly : bliss w'BS" neatly fall. There was to be dancing until nine o'clock when supper wjuld be sen-ied, and afterwards more dancing if they chose; but the parents had insibted that the young folks should be at home by -eleven, and- Mrs. Gray had-promised for ttiem by virtue of her cfc?iperonage. The camp fire was lighted on a great- flat •stone near the oak tr»-e, »nd to show its good fellowship crackled in the mott chicrful way. while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches ot the pin', s uay up the sides of the Glen. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was spread, tbe fragrant aroma of the coffee proclaimed the last thing ready, and Mr. King, as-master of the ceremonies,was about giving tS'6 signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly tm-ougbout the place there came a soft, silvt-ry sound like the tone oF a clock striking the hour of nine. The dancers, pausing iu th«-ir giddy whirl, looked at 4 each other and said, 4 What a tirclty device of Miss RothfibyV!" but *vc1i ns they'SDritc the eaith seemed to tremble Ueneath their test, while a lurid, uneailhly glow lit up witii appalling distinc.lnnss evrrv olijcc-t in the (rlen.to the very top of the beetling1< d^c al'ovn them. With a discoru.-mt. jm-niig suuu<l ti e music stopped. Hi aits beat fast; cheeks grew white; th' n tlie souii'is di<-'l away. 4 1 What is it 'i What dopt it mesn ?" everybody was Cnarli-y Kin;.: mn'le If Cf.uUl not qi'itf: ccnitfi] U c t>eiiiM- is: his vtiict-. •• It must h.- v.- i-C'-n 5lijr!it s!if.c!c of eurtl - qu^lie or soine t-l'.TlricaI <ii.-ti!]lj<iioo. I have set-n m>iSt wo'»:d- itii! jil-.t-infmci]:!. in my tiinc.'" Pa-tiy retssiiri'fctl 'h»r music'^ns w«,t back t.> lheirHia.i.l Sndti,oc-......»..yMt to i.b'c. it Wilb \- - iu \-- vaiu \- - th- -:. y * st.ove ly Si eat liatu:- ly. i^i " they strove to eat. " Their voices „ ttfidc.Jlieir hands trembfed, their hearts y Ut pabiiffly qulHc-and Itid.'. After a lew moments Mrs. Gray, smiling' faintly, said— My friends, I feaf I have taken cold in this /beahefdltit moist place.. . I propofe' that we adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to : a good-night waltz at my house ?" Befwe an'atfgWEr could be giWntf&ihtllQfe; sounded throughout the Glen the faint, low, chime, so awmlliy* distinct .in its" sweetness/ With' one impulse all' started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled and seeming to come from beneath them, reached their caw, and a rocky door in the cliff strong; back, rfevealing a cavern filled with light; but; brighter than the light abont it was a human' form wtapped iu flame that sprang oat of it end' fell updn the greensward. Here was something tangible, and Charley: King-swiftly led the way towards'this new. horror. Too late ! ..the form lay still, the votce Was silint, and the flames were masters at last; of him who had' so long been their master. Exorcised were I be ghosts for eVer, hUltnless was the subterranean chamber filled with unmeaning apparatus and curious chemicals to. those who found tbem, for the evil : ' genius wks dead.' For years the fctffcigrr altfhemist had sought to. wrest from nature, art any. cost, ber secretsj and had found, at last, her very great est death! 