TEOPLE rROMINEOT. John jr. FoitDxi ?'?'? wafl born nt sea in 1857 on tbo voyago from Iroland to Australia. Consoqnontly, in tho oyo of tho law ho bolongs 'to tho parish of Stepnoyj but in the oyo oM.be Australian public ho belongs to us. His seliooldaya wora. pasBcd in Melbourne At fourteen be started his stago oareer as a member of tbo ooinpany managed by. Messrs. Harwood, Stowart, .lloniiintrs,' and Coppiu nt- tbo.-'Old Molbourno Eoyal. JHsb Auna- Fordo, and Martin Fordo (bis' sistor and brother); 'wore members of the aamo company. Tho first part ho playod was of threo lines, and on tho first night ho oomplotely forgot thorn by the' linia ho readied the footlights. The . piooo was oallod 'Snare,' and wna a heavy, ..blood-, .thirsty mplodrnma. An English actress, Miss 'Erustonc, was playing in it. That lady subsequently appeared as Joan of Aro. Aftor his] dramatic debut Mr. Fordo next appoarod ns pantaloon iu tho pantomime put up that year by thosame.nrm. . Gaorgo Leopold nnd Martin Furdo wore tbo clowns, Mrs. Harry L.obpold.(FmuIoinFaniiy) was tho columbine, and Harry LooDold was barleauin. A i.imr in tho ooiiutry followod this. Thou ha -joined W, S,..Lyst.o,r'a Opora Company, opening at :Molbourno Opora House in tho bass part in '?' Chilperio.' As lie had never sung in opera before, it is not to bo wondered at that he was a failuro in tho part. Lystor came to him on Mon day morniug and said, 'Did you soo the morn ing papers ?'. Eopliod John: ' I did ! Thoyaro quito right.'' lfowovor, ho continued to wrostlo with tho part dnriug tbo run of the picpe. Aftor 'Chilperio' bo wont into the chorus. Whou 'Petit Faust' was produced ho got a song to sing which was tho success of tho piece. Clara Thompson (Mrs. Bracy) was thu 1'anst. In a pantomimo which fol )owod;ho mado a big bit with a song oallcd ' Kuu 'Kin Iu '— not tho gen d'arme song from 'Gonoviovo do Brabant,' but one specially writton for tho panto. On tbe ro Bumption .of the opera season Xyster wanted him to tttcklo Gouoml Boom in '?' Tho Grand Duchess ' at un afternoon's uotioo owing to the sudden- illness of Toinploton. But lin didn't feel equal to it, bo rofusod. Following wook played Mourzouk (with Emolio Mclvillo ns Giroilo) in '? Giroflo-Girofl6 '; then 'Aga inomnoii in 'La Bello Hol^no,' Campo Mio in ' Crown Diamonds,'1 uud a stuttering part in ~.' La Jolie Parfoumeuso.' In this last Jnnuy Winstono, now in Ameriaa, played. Sho wan tho original Marasquin iu,' Giroflo Giroflo' in Australia. Henry Braoy was the original Don BoloiOi To rovort to Mr. Fordo. Ha, played Corrisan in ' The Lily of Killnr noy,' with Emelio Melville us Eily O'Connor. Then '.played tho baritono part iii I'Der Floddorraans,' with Madame Dubois and Madame' Fanny Simonseu. Went on tour through tbo colonies in partnership with Charlio Taylor and Eliii Carrington; Afterwards joinod ? Williamson's. -Company. Played, Major-General' Stanley, the Pirate King, Sergeant of Police, and Samuel in 'The Piratos of Pouzance,' all within fivo wooits. Ho is the original Captain Corcoran in ' Pina foro' iu Australia, with Alico. Lingard ns Josophino j Horace Liucard :is , Sir Joseph Portor;, Johnny Hail, Dick Doadoyo ; Oily Dooring, tho Bo'sun ; Mrs. J.L. Hall (Emily Wisoman,sistor to Fanny), liutteronp ; Laura Wiseman, Hebo; and Skiuuor, Kalph Back straw. Iu that m-oduotion tho man who sang ' For ho is an Englishman' waK a Dutchman. Mr. Forde is tho ? original Dr. Daly in 'Tho' Sorcerer, '-' and the original Mikado in 'The Mikado ' in Australia. Aftor this ho joined Emolio Melville for her return season with ' Boeoaeio,' ' Fatinitza,' &o.; Next joinbd Kiguold- and Allison, to appear at Melbourne Opera, House, and Sydnoy. Playad Ueneral Falhaoh in 'Falka,' Dovilsboof in 'Tho Bohemian Girl'' (Beaumont wns the Thaddous) tho Kin j in. ' Maritana,' and others. Mr. Forde is geiiorally considered tho best Devils hoof evorseon in this country. Joined Carris Swain, aiid toured Australasia with hor as principal comedian. Hs then want ou a Quoonsla'nd tour with tbat unfortunate com pany ougineorod by a Mr. Aldcu. Knight Aston, Gaorgo Carey, Harrison, AggieKoltou, Annette Ivauova, and several othor good artists were bis oompaniousiu misfortune Got buck to Sydnoy and opened at the Opera House with tho Solomon aud Braoy Opera Company as Dovilshoof in 'Tho Bohomian Girl'; Buzzi was tho Count ; Lilian Treo, Arlina ; Braoy, 'J'haddous ; JIad.'unu Lablauho, the Quoou. Played Colonel Ollondorf in ' The Hoggur Student,' Captain Suoak iu ' The Sultan of. Mocha,' Alcssio in 'La Somnam bulo.' Buzzi was tbo Count. Ho started iu English and always finished up in Italian. Tbo company afterwards played in Molbourno, Ballarat, Adolaido, aud Brisbane Aftor this he joiuod Maggia Moore to play John Stofel in 'Struok Oil' throughout Australia. After leaving Maggio Mooro he played in 'Tho Foundling' at Melbourne Biion with Elton, Shine, and Harrio Irolimd. Mr. Fordo played sixwooks with John F. Sheridan when that popular comedian was out horo, aud is how playiug at Hnr Majesty's Thoatro, Sydnoy. During. this present engagement he playod a Jew part— iu ' The Sorpout'a Coil ' —for tho first tiino in bis lifo. '. ?Like the Quern, nnotberoM lady has just waiBliod in with a loutett reign— ' Charley's Aunti' ? Mr. J. Of. Bariiett, known to his iutiuiatos as little Johnnie llarnott, has onoueil the Horal Uotol, Glanmoro-road. Mo whs for S5 years an .onoratic .baritvlie, and also a bit ot a sportsman iu 'AVby/do you always treat gentiemen so nnighly ?' wns onco nakad ouo of tbe Argyll lloonis, London, ohuokora-ont, and his reply was that with a gentleman there was always a chance of something ' dropping off hint.' . '. ? : ' ?. ^r?- Emily Soldeuo refers to 'that dreadful lost act of ,' Tho Duohess ot, Coolgardie,' which, taking place in tbo' ' Erin Go Bragh' Saloon, Coolcantio. is liko nothing blue in tbe world but an inimacu latoly dressed Irish ballet being danced in tho Marblo DaivPitt-street, Sydney.' They inanaea thlaxs ou a liberal scale in France. Ovor £10,000 bave.baon spout already ou the pro mised production of 'Monte Crlate' in Paris. Wilhohn lias doslgued the dreisea, uni lb .orne cases the Bilk bos been specially wovou at Lyons to suit bis designs. In tho cave sceno there is to beau oloctrlcal llglit otfoot of Illuminated jowols. Sarah Bornhnrdt recently produced ' La Darao aux Oamollns' at tho lieuaissauco, Fails, and drassod tbo place iu the fashions ot 18-10. Tho Indies soom to have called for no particular remark ; but the iuoii, In their loug-pleatod frock coats with high waists, their peg-ton trousers and curly-brimmed hats, raised manv U lauch. If Oeorgo HiBiiold wants to mate i aoinetliiae of n triumphal re-entry ou tho Sydney staKO ho shoulcl commence kia season at the Jtoynl vvttli ' Uemy V.'. Au additional interest wonlit nttaeb to such a oircuuistnuco by reason of the diet that ho niailo his first apiioaranco at tbo lioyal in tbat fluo sdoc taclo. Still, tho experiment would nnt be without a degree 'of rlak, inasmuch- as Sydnoy bas-fioeua good deal of 'il.Vee.' , J. W. Wiiiton wrlte.i from ClmrtorB Towers (Q.) to state tbat ' M'Oiuty snya I must bo gottlnit him iu training for whore I in torn] to k-s whon I shufllo off tills plaaot.' Yes, it is pretty hot on MioTowers sometimes. Aftor tho Toners, Bloltards' No. 3 Company returns to Tomisville, Mackny. Bowou, lEoaklinniptbli, WarjljoronKh, and lirisbauo. Thence, probably, to Tasmania. Ouo of thV most realistic pictures shown at tlio Cinemntograpb Salon, 2W Pitt- stroot, is the form ing up of sevoral batteries of tho lioynl Artillery. The plcturo illustrates in n ''marked degroo the wonderful oxactiioss of this now ?? liviuir photo graph j.' ''A* most amusing oho is that In .which nil the Jlguics, horses, carriugos, &o.;,-iu abusy street aro sbqwn i goiuff backwards. .. -- - ' Tbo ghost of. tbo Into Sir Augustus Harris has beou seen iu.Drury Lane TheaCro by four ditlorent peoplo. Tlio fireman ou duty at nisht Bars he saw him waving nprompt copy about from a box nauie its be used to at ruhe.irsal. A belated sceuo-shiftor says he Burr him also. Wlliob latter in open to question, for sceuo-sliif tors aro not usually belated.. When tbo curtain falls their one anxiety is to get but and have a beer. Anyway, a ghost is a good thlut' to have about a theatre, especially at Drury Tho Into Bessie Bellwood used to oncourago girls of the Honor-seller variety to talto up comic sintriui; as a business. Many of thoso coutcatn woro held in anupstnirs room of a tavern in liod l.ion-struot, Molljorn. The jmlh'es, inolmline tbo promoters, poino snorblnir jourualistJl, and Bossio and her frioudB. sat iii sorious judgment ou the narblcr.i, each of whom was iu I urn solemnly mounted ou it dais formed of au old cbanipasuo box, given a drink from a ])O wter of slmnify-ciiu1, fanned , with a pugilist's totyol, aud told to start off nt tho cry of 'Timu!' :' And 'uiauy. a flower-[;irl to-day prizes a gold wiitcb, a bracelet, or ajiai'asol won in these morry memorable competitions.' .- ' ? ?*? ? . ;:ln Yesterday's IIrkald Mr. William Cosrtovo hnnoliseod tliat ' 1'aco to Puce' would bo played for ten moro ulgbts, and that ' A Mothers Sin' wits in actiro priparntion to follow it. In tbo snmo issue of -tlia Hir.iLD, nnd immediately underneath tho libo'vo announcement, was an udvertisatmcut stating thiit'Hovt's Comedians iiudor tho iaanaCTe ment of Messrs. 'Williamson nnd Musgrovo, would open at tlio uino theatre on Saturday night uoxt in 'ATriptoOliiuntown.' What tbo result : of this clashing of interest between the 'party in posses bioii' anil -the 'party which wants to get in' re mains to* be. seen. Harry Honors, a singer of 'coster songs of tho Chevalier variety, now in Amcrioa, is reported to ,bo cominK out hero with a cbmnaur nnd a piece en titled ' Costermonger Mow.' Jfr.'Eogersclniuis to have written nnd Burn,- most of the Ulievalior souBs beforo Albert of that ilk took un-with that line or' business. Ho that us it may, tliero-is a stranKe similarity iu tbam, .fudging from tbe follow i»s list of Mr; UoR'ars' songs:—' Won't Yer Become Mrs. Jinks,' 'Tbo Coster's Courtship,' 'Tlio Wbitc chapel Lad,' 'My Dear Old Dutch, My Wife,' ' Knocked 'eni in tbo Milo Knd Hoad,' ' Tlio London Showman,' aud 'I've Got the Brightest Kid oil Earth.' A correspondent from Poona, India, writes :— ' A for tho first tim6 put ou the stngo and playod at the Capital of tho JPeslnvas, ou September 31. 181)0. The Kiiuioct of t'oo' dvftnrn was tbe 'Moral Cntmigo ui Daniel,' coiiipoand i» Maruthi Verso. The dramatis penonx con'ducted tlieir parts very cradilably aud to the satisfaction of tho audience, obiollr consisting of Ueuo-Isracl BOnUemeu and ladiun, who Irad aaaiiuibh-.d iu the bouse at Iho iimtation of tlm l-oolni-'Jewish SiugiiiK Club. Tho drama rras played to the aeeumpaiiiiuout of music', with winch two young Jowish lads showed perfect familiarity. TlUa reflect! creat credit on Mr. J. D. Bbonkar, at v-fho30 iiiTitutiou .tlio saortid draniu was pltived.' Tho late Dion Bonoicanlt ou tbe art of nlnv. wAtllig :— ' Any man with tbo lit.m-ary faculty can be a- playwright. ' If he lmsn't tlio gift ho can master it lij hard study. Flay writing is not so posed! the'tronblo is that inon lool^on thefit'|?o lor the laws of ulay writing whon they should look int. tho audience. If n thousand peoplo aro gathered together in a thcatro, aud have paid tboir money to sot tbero, thoy are governed more or !e3s-bj tbo saino desires, tbo Hatua tststes, and tbo snino oinotious. Iu othor vrords, thoy are an exact quantity. Tho so-called gift ot holdiiiK the '?suspeiiso to tbo last curtain is lio more a gift than is tha science of building a house strongly and syminotricallv. You watch an nudionco whenever it hikes its eyes from the stage, aud you wilt Hud a weakness in construction. This is tlio Held iu wuich to formulate the laws of the audience, wkkh aro tbo laws ot playwritiuf.' Considerable interest (sajs London Sroni'suix of October Sj' was aroused iu tlio theatrical ami music-hall world by a 50yds sivimminu' match between Denny irare nnd 13. J. Lounou, which took phico at tho St. Ooorgo's Baths, Buckingham Palace Bond, yosterday nltumoon, uud thero was u biff attendance. Tho rnco was tho outcome of a discussion an . to tho rival merits of the two coui pctitors' at the Eccontric Club ouo cvcuiiifr, and a contest for a cup value £10 aud a dinner for tnoutv friends was then and thero agreed upon. Both mou had done somo littlo training, but Lftnucn wns expected to prove the beat nt the finish, Donby Uuru'being a hotter ' stayer ' than a sprinter. Tlio start wasau exceptionally good ouo, botn xncu get ting off woll together, but Loiiuou if anything had tho tut van tags ivbon tlio mcii rose from the dive. For the first 10yds tbo last-named held tho lead, but thon Hare drow level, and at tho turn wns slightly ahead. From now to the finish he hold Vis own, nud eventually won easily by n yard and a half iu4t.4-5scc. . The latest hypaotio story comes from Sweden Mdmo. Ida. ' Aulborf, otherwise tho Baroness Ucxkull, a Finnish viral of Saralt Berulmrdt aud Kleonorn Duse, is just now atarrhu; nt the Theatre ltoyal, Stookholm. The Swodish public appears to upon tho nervous syBtoin of t'lw'ai-tist'that s'no°was soized with aphasia, or spocchlossness. whilst ver formmg in Suderniaun's ' UlUck ini WinL-el,' and bad to go bouio to bod.' Dr. Wetterstrand, a well lniowu spEcinlis:, wus nt once culled in. Three hours beforo the next performance be is said, to httvo hypnotised his patient, nnd then suggested that sho should i;et up, xirocced to the tbontre, aud play with full command of her voico and faculties. Quite unconsciously she oboyed tbe suggestion, nud rathor over acted hor part, throwing far moro enerjjy tbau uslutl into her tones nud gestures. The audience, itfuorant of tbo truth, applauded eagerly, and tho nfTair passed off with complete success. All that ia now wauted in that tho hypuo tist should be able to bypnetUo bad actors and Mr.* 'Wnllnco Brownlow, writing to a frioud ou the , staff from Niagara, W.A., says:— 'I baveu't seen lion or paper for weeks, and am miles away fram a post- offleo. It means 4o miles in tho same distaneo out to (jet a letter. Tho tracks are nut too Rootl for ridinir just now, muck too heavy with sand, and punctures unions and no water, ou your bike. I've bad a splendid time out hero in tho bush, and it has done ma a world of good. I've not struck it rich jet, hut there's lots moro country left to wauder over looking for for tnue. I fancy this will bo a bif district in time. AVc'vo jnst pst-god out a town Bite, and have nctuully two buildings Rome up. 1'rosb water has beeu struck not far off, bo tjc'11 kooh 1m ublo to bavu out* morning1 tubs, iimL by Jove, wo want thorn, slavini; iu tho sun nil day, willi dust up to your. eyes. Vtc are getting quito populated up here— about thirty mon on the Octagon Explorer's -leases,' ' Tower Hill,' aud another thirty scattered v/itkin a few miles of us. 1 nni only three-quarters of a milo awny. I don't kuow when I'll sec you ngaiu. It all dopands on how the claim turns out No rain to speak of for over three months, nud nil the soaka pretty well played out. But Mother Earth has boon kind, and given us plo'nty of both brackish and fresh water to go on with.' ' 