================= ELECTRIC SPARKS. \--o-- Valuer to be appointed at £50. Inspect Freame*s prize meat. The reaper, Death, has been busy. ' Boatman ' again replies to ' J.H.H.' New Seqcetaxy of Bowling Club — J'. W. Matters. Mark Twain's colonial successor a bril liant success. ' Par in another column re Jnnior Cricket Competition. Report of presentation to Mr. Wm. Kenny held over. Mayor Casoaden President of the P.M Bowling Olub. The '10th of Jane ' starred Councillors np on Wednesday ni^ht. 1 Not jnore than £3000 to be extended on the Williams town-road. Mr. R. Crockford elected a life-member of the local Bowling Clod). L ord Bishop of Melbourne at Holy Trinity to-mprzp w morning.' One shilling a day added to the salary ; of tiie Assistant Town Clerk. The whole length of $be Williamstown^ road to be let in one contract. Jtfaym^B^en enlogised by (be bar, wnlc. ,#0t®00^ ngh' ' ^ jeans' Mr. £. P. Edwards, another vary bid colonist and resident, gone to bis long home. One thing Tommy omitted to do. He forgot to ask Lord Brassey to become a patron. Wright, Boyd and Walter probable candidates for municipal honors next election. Sir F. T. Sargood cheered vociferously : by a Port Melbourne audience on Friday ] night last. i Professor Allen, king of Iaogh-makers, will be at tiie P.MJ.C. concert on the i 21st inst. A large congregation gathered at Holy j Trinity Church on Sunday evening last to hear the Dean preach. The leading artists of the Possum Musical Society will appear at thee foot ball concert. . The Town Clerk, Town Surveyor and other municipal officers thanked for their services during tiie year. Abitofcoldiron for Councillors to chew. Port Melbonrne voted in the Honse for the abolition of tiie 10th June. Spook lectures delivered free, gratis, and for nothing by onr eminent librarian, any afternoon at tiie Town Hall. Cr. Edwards grew eloquent and indig nant over tiie ' bloated capitalist of Port Melbourne ' on Wednesday night Some big horse business to be done cn the Bail way pier during the next three -weeks. 1900 horses to be shipped. The Mayor said on Thursday morning that he was always on friendly terms with the police, and he .hoped to keep so. Cr. Newman thinks that Cr. Plnmmer might almost be called the pooh bah of tiie Council, he fills so many positions. Williamstown people are quite confi . dent that the mall boats will soon be at their pias again. Where does P.M. . ;wpm- in-?. iv J \ - 'She Wealeys ; Cricket Clnb expressed . |Kmmderabl^'gAtificaiunatti3BSev...'&.: ' J. Oock' preeiding ovBr their iabnnal '? rig. Charlie Hndd gave his Balaclava specialty at tiie Exhibition Rink, Fitzrov, last week with great and enthusiastic success. Some talk of a testimonial to the ex Mayor for bis Mildness .and geniality daring the past year. This should be well responded to. Mr. Will Barri the great character singer, and Mr. B. Boyd, premier baritone . of the Buffalo Club, will take part in the footbaliooncert. * Cr. Bun draws first blood at the GoaneB table. He objects to nmnicapal Councils instructing or dictating to membera of Parliament. We gathered from the Williamstown paper that a conference of tiie two Coun cils was held at Williamstown on Wed nesday week, to discuss the Short fioad. Onr councillors onght to insist on the Williamstown Short Road being con- ! strncted oia Normanby-road, and not via '? Boss-street. It will aifect tiie mainten ance. Te olde iyme corduroy road, to be seen in Clark street, once Moore's contract is finished. A drive over it wonld shake Councillors op a bit. - Good for the liver, Doctor. €'he cheering at the local cricket ground on Saturday was heard half-way across Port Melbonrne. The juniors can give tiie seniors a good many points at mak- - i ing a row. Minimnm wage to be paid on the Wil liamstown Short Road contract, and pre ference to be given to P.M. and Williams town residents in regard to employment. — W. Advertiser. Spook literature - being discusBed in committee. Eleven dead athletes will be gpWftM I tn plny Hip rntnmiwg Etevmi. ^Hiifl is a :w-nlde9c&il; world for . -nabieandinvuSdethii^s. r iraleftto Ihe joint committee of coun cillors. The Rev. Biz. Abernefcy, remuked, on Friday night last, whenpresentmg a vote of tiuuik8-tc8iE.F. T.-Sargood: — ' What ever a blatherHkite newspaper can say to the contrary, tiie great heart of the pei^le iswiiiifhe Legislative Council.' Heard at the deb&fcoa; the light in oar railway carriages in . the Asseiid-ly on Toesday nJ^it {— A lucifer etrock in one of tiiecarriagM prodnces by contrast the ^Sect of an illmnination, u3 a candle, each as many travellers carry, a blinding glare. ' It is 48 yeara mnce I landed on your beach; I have prospered sin ce then} I have spent aome happy momenis, but I have never felt so much eratified as I do at the present time.'— Sir F. T. Sargood on bdng complimented on his return to tiie Legislative Council nhopposwL It may not be generally known that onr officer in diargetf tiie free library has communications with eminent de parted spirits {this jbais nothing jto do with. the wine banns). ! Daring the week the ghosts of Longfellow, Shakeq»eare, Wesley, Dryflen, and .many others have been consulted. iEiarly i^plloation necessary. The only preparation is an 'adjournment over the way,' Naval Brigade grand annual social in the Port Melbourne drill-room, Friday . evening, 25th September. Great pre parations. Mr. D. C. Armstrong trill «ell by , auction on Wednesday, 23rd September, that well-known property, lmown as the Fitz -James Hotel, in Princes-street. This iB a mortgagees sale. 