©up Siropg, THE EPWORTH LEAGUE OF LOSING HOLLOW. Mrs. 0. W.F.Nelson, ; Christian Advocate. (Continued from last issue). Tom Howard's voice followed without a pause, ' And give me of Thy strength, dear Lord, that here among my friends and com panions I may not falter 1 ' The ice was broken, and several other voices followed, voices that would never have dared at tempt a longer prayer. Then they all sang with softened hearts, — ' My Jesus I love Thee, I know Thou art mine.' A short Scripture service followed. This had been carefully prepared by tbe leader, for different ones who had promised to be present. There was a solemn hush as voice after voice read or repeated, without a moment's pause, the passages that fitted so perfectly one to another : ' Who then is willing to consecrate his service this day to the Lord ? ' ' Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith tbe Lord ; and I will receive you, and will be a Father to you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.' ' What 1 know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own ? ' ' For ye are bought with a price : therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.' ' Whether therefore ye eat or drink, or -whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.' ' Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom ; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.' The meeting had now reached a point where each one seemed anxious to do his or her share, and when it closed the pastor cahie to Harry, and warmly grasping his hand, said : ' Let me congratulate you on this evening's meeting. There has been more real spirituality shown than for a long time before. I believe.it is the beginning of better times for our League*' And so it proved ; the enthusiasm aroused in our ' two young men grew, and communioated itself to others, so that by the close of the - year, the Epworth League in Losing Hollow had grown to be a power in the ohnroh, and had become known as one of the live, active, working chapters throughout tbe District.' 