CURRENT EVENTS. (B: TAM O'SHAwrB). I little thought, when in my teens, I went to the early performances of "Struck Oil" in the old Theatre Royal that after nearly a quarter of a century I should be domiciled in a city that promises to emulate the mythical Oileburg. The versatile Maggie Moore and her talented hubby were then the idols alike of Melbourne's gay and festive youth and its merry old age. Tens of thousands then wished they owned a farm yielding a liquid golden harvest similar to that produced in the farm of old John Stofel. Every War ragul farmer (in a modified sense of course) has now this possibility in store for him. I do not know how many thousands of tons of linseed 820 acres of chocolate soil will produce, but the Directors of the Warragul Oil Mill company probably do. In any case I think I am quite safe in saying that within the four corners of the War ragul Shire enough can be raised to grease the wheels of the Southern Hemisphere. Still harping on the one string I want to narrate a beautiful and striking coincidence in the " Oil" line. On the 5th of May 1.96 the evergreen " Maggie" journeyed to Warragul and gave us a spirited performance of her world famous play. On the following Monday-so the methodical secretary of the Oil Mill company assures me the Directors met and decided to instruct Mr. Mephan Furgusson, the importer of the mill, to procure the same at once by Mail Steamer, so that no delay might take place. The mill we all know has safely "crossed the raging main" and is located in the old GuzmaorA printing office. If ever the ghost of poor old P. P. Nind should re-visit the scenes of his former busy labors how puzzled it will be to find the mass of steel rollers, hydraulic pumps &c.; that takes the place of his steady going presses and founts of type. Just as puzzled as we once where in the dear old play when the machinery. derricks &c.; of Oilsburg took the place of the quiet Pensyllvanian Farm House. I suppose nearly all my readers who are Englishmen have roared with laughter over the description of the dignified elderly gentleman in Pickwick Papers, who had to chase his hat upon a windy day. Quite as droll an incident actually took place in Warragul last Sunday night, A certain well-known resident who holds very decided views upon the Temperance Question, while in church, inadverdently sat plump on the top of his boxer hat, flattening it to a pancake. Decorum, of course, kept those immediately behind him from laughing outright. and this even made the situation more ridiculous. I piously wished, then, that I had a few of the x rays concealed between the leaves of my hymn book. If I could have exposed his and his neighbors feelings, I fancy they would have been anything but devout ones. The contemplatife whist players and the nimble ones of the Tennis Court are threatened with a stubborn rival attraction right in our midst. Rumor has it that the mysterious mass of earthworks in progress on the station reserve just in front of the Orient Hotel is in order to prepare for a Bowling Green there. Now, this is pro- eminently a game for gentlemen of a certain age, weight, and figure. It was therefore strange that on Friday last two genial and observant Yankee friends who came to.see me and to study Warragul, should have com mented on the preponderance of corpulent middle-aged gentlemen they met everywhere. Why so many men here over 35 should make flesh so systematically was a phenomenen we all agreed =well worth, investigating. One suggested the superior quality of the whisky he found retailed in the private parlors of all the Hotels, while the other thought that the domestic harmony that pervades all our heartlbs and homes may have been a potent factor. Anyhow when the Club that Mr. Hill is likely to form challenges South Melbourne to play for a silver wine cooler" the betting is bound to be in our favor-providing "a decent handicap is given. 