IIow inn tiers nrc ortlered by tlie mollicr of 1'nrliRRiont.s is of HUpcrlutlve Interest IhroiiRliout tlie Hmplro. A euble ineHgnpu InHt inonlli told us brlelly of nn nll-nlirlit silting' of (lie Gonunons. iiiid just hinted ut tlie tieeuoH eiuieted, iTiHiiltiiif,' us they did in six ineintiei-s lieing suspended for hrenciieH of Purlin- meutury dlsefpliue. It elmnml that tlie Austniliuu mail left on tlie 22nd May, Into Lite niurnlnj,' of wliich the Kitting was continued. Tho last de tailed Information comes, then, In that day'H eveiilng papers, llrst editions of wldcli were sent to press about noon, leaving tho House still wrangling. The subject was a measure wldeh, when Uh character was tlrst made known here —through r "Herald" cable message— we veutured to describe ns n 1UI1 for the bencllt of landlords. Tlie Loudon Opposition journals, we notice, plea santly allude to It us tlie " Landlords Itellcf Bill, alias the Agricultural Haling BUI," the latter being the olll- elal title. This measure abates by one- half the local rates on agricultural property, the deticieucy of a inllliou mid it half per annum being made good- after the fashion of our municipal sub sidy—out of the genorul revenue. True, the Death Duties aro car-inarkeil' for the purpose, but as these brlug In seven and a half million, the "car-marking" Is only nn lngeuloits matter of form. "A scheme of public plunder" Is one of the several picturesque descriptions applied by the "Dally News" to this Bill, which Sir Willani llarcourt had referred to as "a transient nnd em barrassed phantom. Hitting backwards and forwards like the ghost of a de parted opinion." Bellovlng tlmt the tltne was ripe for giving substan tiality to thlH phantom, the Govern ment resolved to push it through com- mltteo by the nhl of that now quite ordinary canon of procedure in the Ilouno of Commons, tho closure. Tho deck was cleared for uctlon by pnsslug a resolution suspending tho twolvo o'clock stoppngo rule, and tho Legisla tive fun commenced. At every point the Opposition fought tho Bill with that dogged determination which a British Opposition— whether Tory or Liberal- knows lioW to use. By wny of pre liminary, ono clause was denounced by Sir Wllllum llarcourt as "highway robbery," wheroupon "Tommy" Bowles took exception to tho term, saying, "It's not highway robbery; but oaibczzle- manV 2het<v tavxtCi &wa; mere A introductory pleasantries to what was to follow. It wns wheu the closure wan being applied to clause 1 that the real trouble occurred. Mr M'Kenna \ and Sir Willlnin llarcourt protested j that certain proposed amendments had beoii excluded from consideration. Mr Lowther, the Chairman, held that there was no point of order, and directed the House to bo cleared for a division. Then came tho climax. A knot of in dignant members flatly refused to move, and sat solfdly In their seats ! In hot haste the ugitatcd Chairman sent for the Speaker, who supported , Sir Lowther's ruling, and asked if the members Indicated to him still refused to leave the House. They replied hi the uiliriqatlve, and what followed is thus described:— Mr Lloyd-George remarked, with cup- pressed excitement, "I decline to go, ns a protest against the action of the Go- Mr IT. Lewis said that ho regarded the whole bill n« legalised robbery, and re fused to leave the House us a protest against the forcing through of the mea sure. Mr Dillon and Dr Tanner nald they, too, certainly persisted In the Intention not to withdraw. The Speaker said those members dln- tlnctly defied the authority of the chair, and he proceeded to nnnic them. Sir J. Hrunner rose with the evident intention of associating himself with the action of the four others: but he did not succeed in making himself heard. Mr Dona! Sullivan, however, was more suc cessful, and he also was Included In tho naming process. Mr A. Balfour moved tlmt those mem bers be Hunpended from the service of the House, and upon tho motion the House divided. When tho House had boon cleared Mr Davltt and Mr MncAlecso remained Hit ting, and when asked to leave they de clined to go, as a protest. The Speaker Legged these two mem bers to withdraw, pointing out they were now treating him and the chair man of committees with disrespect. Mr Davltt and his colleague; protes ted that they meant no disrespect, but must persist In their conduct. The Speaker thereupon requested the Deputy Kergeant-at-Arms to remove tho offenders, who at once, on being touched on the shoulder by Mr Gossett, retired. There voLed for the suspension 209, against f.S. The Speaker: I munt ask the Ave mem bers to wllhdiuw, Mr Lloyd-George: For how long? Tim Speaker: By the Standing Orders, the mispemdon Is for a week. The Ave hon. members now quietly withdrew. It wns now lmlf-pnst tlirco In tho morning, and Sir William llarcourt urged that, after "the palnrul scene, " the House should adjourn. The Government declined to allow anything of tliu kind, and the flght went on. Close upon Ave o'clock Mr James O'Connor refused to budge from his seat on a division clearance until' the notnliml force of the duputy-sergeaut had been used, .nnd a sixth member Joined the ranks of the suspended. I're- etsely how tho end came we arc not informed in detail, 11.80 a.m. being the last stage reached In the reports to luind. Mr Chamberlain and others re mained throughout in the evening dress they had worn at it public dinner on the previous night. Mr Balfour was In and out, but Sir William llarcourt slack to his guns unflinchingly. Four ladies,. we are tohl, sat In Iho gallery all night, speculating, we suspect, upon whellierwomou.If thcy.had the chance, could develop wit enough to make reason prevail aver u mere test of physical endurance. No wonder that Mr Locky Is anxious about the future of the House of Commons ! No wonder that the new-born Hadlcal parly lalkH of the "devolution of Parliament !" No wonder that Mr Balfour, In announcing the abandonment of the Education Bill, grimly hints at "Inevitable changes 1" The House of Commons, as a delibera tive law-making Chamber, Is fust be coming Impracticable 1 