JUUIINALIS.M IN THE SIXTIES. In an article on " London Pen and Goan in the Sixties and since," contributed to the "For tnightly Review," Mr. T. if. S. E:cott refers to the "Tomahawk." " Mr. Arthur i. leckett's inventive mind." ho says, " found fresh scope for employment in launching an entirely new lhterary enter. prise, the "Tomahawk." Just now this journal deserves special mention, because, in a degree not second to the " Owl,' ia foreshadowed a species of newspaper which of late years has been cultivated with marked success among us. Eliminate the pulrely aesthetic element, then a thing un dreamed of, from Mr. Harry Furniss's newest venture, and a fair idea may be formed to-day of what the " Toma. hawk " was. The sensation pro duced by it during its brief career was duo mainly or exclusively to the continued laboursof Mr. ia Bitekett with his pen, and of the late marvellously clever draughtsman, Matt Morgan, with hbi pencil. The initial issue took place shortly1 after the miscarriage of the Mexican ex lOelition, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow to the prestige of the second French Empire. * Thou canst not say I did it,' was the legend under the cartoon in the firah number-the picture representing the ghost of the murdered Maximilian ; the words proceeding from the lips of the horror stricken Napoleon the Little. Nor was the leading illustration in the second instal. ment of this print less powerful, th( subject being the return from the Ierby, in a coach which was driven by Apollyon. The premature end of the Marquis of Hlastings lent just then a special tigniticance to the artist's work, and the few pungent lines of Arthur it Beckett'a letterplress accompanying it. Asso cilated tith Arthur a leckett in the "Tomahawk" was the late ,hank Mar shall, who seemed to have educated himself on the dramnatists of the Restoration, witNl literary results sometimes impresoive, at ot hers purely droll. Thestalt also includeu the present member for King's Lynn, Mr.; T. G. iBowles, who sttubclqueutly in hii? own " Va'nity Fair" dcveloptw somen of the ideas in which the "Tomahawk" ahbolunud: Captain Alfred Thomlpson, ex- dragoon and artist, who some years afterwards in the "Mask " anticipated unconsciously much of the peculiar kind of literary or artistid wit and hulnour presentcd to the public now. Ttis literary child of the " Toma hawk," as the " Mask" was, signalised for the first tune the pervading popularity of the theatre, and, outside the journals of the 'profession.' was the earliest print that. made it a point to encourage andt to supply the histrionic appetite of the general pub lic. What were then the distinctive features of Alfred Thompson's journal are to-day recognised as indipensable in all newspaper candidates for popular favour. Judge : Your age ? Miss Elderi Thirty, two. 'Judge (to accretary): Put down bore inl13l M" y daughter can never be yours.'1 Willie Bright :. Of coupe not I w a?nt b? to be my wife. -- .. think that puas us right on the moral ques tion. The Christian Church believes herself the trustee for maintaining a lofty standard of morality. Here is an acknow ledged increasing evil in the community. Here are hundreds of homes desolated, and scores of crimes committed, the root source of which desolation or committal is to be traced to indulgence in gambling. The trend of our national life is making this evil way. Very good. Then a young lad comnes into a Church bazaar. lie finds himself assailed by a bevy of maidens, more or less fair who. with more persistency than modesty, solicit his loose cash from him that ie may win a smoking cap or worked slippers. Plresently he goes into the world. and is con fronted by the temptation to risk his money on supernaturally anticipated winners or dreamster's " tips." on sweeps and consulta tions. By-and-bye, through his good or ill success. he is carried helples.sl away, and (if lie does not rob his employer's till or commit a forgery) plunges into the vortex of a gatester's life. I ask whether the ('hurch be not in some degree answerable for making the way easy for that man's destruction ? For she has made it possible (and probable) that he will argue : " There is no harm in this; how can there I-e : The Church itself does it." Ay, truly, the Church has gained its shilling or half-crowm, and has helped to degrade or ruin a human life. It is blood money, my brethren of the Clergy sad Laity I Why, surely, the Christian Church might be as sensitive in conscience as the Queensland Parliament. and say, before legis lative coercion is applied to her. "These things shall not be." If they are not intrin sically wrong they lead to wrong. There are weak men and women in the world. We ought to shield and not to tempt them. Where is the old Apostolic principle : " We therefore that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please t --ourfelves " 