BRIGHT AND BRIEF. «y - Somethiag Uk» an automaton-A reading book. How long do»i a widow monrn?-For a eeeond. How te «poil a obild-Send bim to fill a i lighted kerosoae lamp. I Keep your eyes wide open before marriage bot half abut afterward». The reaion figures won't lie is because they always stand for something. " So you're going to marry the widow, after all ?" " No, indeed ; the widow ia going to marry me." Powder and Paint.-" Mis» Antique ae»ms to be very reliable." " Yes ; she never deserts her oolonre." " You are faggsd but ; you must give up all headwork." " Why, that spells ruin ! . I'm a hairdresser !" " Well, there's something in that," as the maa aaid when he tried to put a boot on with a kitten in it. Mr. Mnohmeney t " I love yon for all that I am worth, darling." Miss Budd : *' That's just what I love you for." "Blykvns has bia own way io hia house." " Yee. But his wife always tells him what it ia going to be beforehand." Five o'olook teas are very often gatherings whare magpies tell crows bow black and abominable ravens are. " What is the difference between notoriety and fame P" " Well, if a man ia notorious ha's still alive ; if ha'o famous, fae's dead." A vetsran merohtnt says, that although his clerks are very talkative. during the day, they are always ready to chut up at night. Mrs. Wigwag: "I bope yon liked the oiga» I gave yon, dear. And, hy the way, I bad them charged'" Wigwag: "What withP" There are few m«n who have the good of their fellows nearest their heart. But there are more men who have their slomaeh nearest their heart. It is said some babies are so small that they oan creep into a quart measure, but the way in whioh some adults oan walk into suoh measures is astonishing. An eminent surgeon says that spiritualism is a disease that can be cured by tinoture of iron and strychnine. We should think strychnine alone would be sufficient. A gentleman took a lady out to ride the other evening, and came bom» with a false onrl attached to the button on the aide of his oap. He wonders how it contd have got there. A gentleman travelling in Iceland eaid foi very importnnate beggar, " Ton bave lost al yonr teeth !" The beggar qoiokly answered " An' it's time I parted with nm, when Pc nothing for nm te do." "Ie yonr note good?" naked a merakani the other day of a perron who offered, a note for a lot of goods. " Well," replied the par ohasei, "I should think it onght to bs; everybody's got one." A man who pretended to bave seenaghoil was naked what tbs ghost said to him, " How ahould I understand," replied the nar- rator, " what he saidP Jam not Skilled in any of the dead languages." "Is that De Fitz ooming here again to- night, Ethel P" "Tes, papa, and I heps yoa'JI be nice to him, fer he's a real ewell." "All right, hnt if he stays ai late as hs did last night he'll be a howling «well." " Hew many years have you besa dumb ?" sympathetically asked a gentleman at a beggar who pretended te be bereft of hie speeoh. "Five years, sir," replied the impoator eomplatoly taken off his guard. Aristocratic oolleotor of Artiotes of Vertu to unsophisticated theagh wealthy Parvenu ; " Mrs. FiggiBB, this is a remarkable fine bust Of Manus Aurelius!" Mrs. F.: "Is that the present Marquis, my Lord or his father?" Judge B--, in reprimanding a criminal, amaag ether names, oalled him a scoundrel. The prisoner replied, " Sir, I am not as big a sooundrel as your honour "-here the oulprit stopped, but finally added-" takes me to be. "Pnjfc your words closer to gether.'^said the judge reddening. A paper reoording leasing certain premises to a lady dnring the term of her natural life provides that she shall pay a certain rent yearly, and shall quit and deliver up " the premises to the lessor, or her attorney peaoeably and quietly at the end of the term." . " My dear boy," said a lady, to a precocious yoath of 16, " does your father desire you to tread the intricate end thorny paths of a profession, the straight and narrow .paths of the ministry, or revel in the flowery fields qt literature ?" " No, marm, dad says he's going to set me to Work in tie tater field." \- tn absence of any other messenger, a colonel sent word to the band, by the surgeon, that some cansío was wanted. " Can't blow a note," said the drnm- nsajor, " for wa haven't had anything to eat yet." " No ezeuse at all," said the dootor, " blow sway, there's always plenty of wind in an empty stomach." A famous judge had a habit of begging pardon on every oeeasion. At the elose of the assize, aa he was about te leave the beneb, the officer of the court reminded him that he had not pasted sentenoe of death on one of the criminals, as he had intended. " Dear me," said bis Lordship, " I really beg his par don-bring him in P" Ton should never send your love by mail. For, if you do the latter, Ton break the postal law exoluding Perishable matter. The crlorieaa charge of ihe Light Brigade, -L By Tennyson famously sung, ? . . - Is nothing to that wbioh my doeter made For taking a look at my tongue. A philosopher was once seatsd in an omni- bus with a young man, who ooolly took ont a clgar.lit a matefa, and put the oigat in his month. The philosopher stopped the eoaeh, and insisted that the young man 'should %o ejeoted for disobeying the rules. Be was not paoified until the owner of the cigar, touched the indignant reformer's hand with' the nnoharred end, in proof that the elgar had never beta lighted ; and tho philosopher, loth to loss an opportunity te impress moral troth upon a wayward youth, turned round and leetarsd him stvmly upsn the vies of dMsptfen. 