ROBEfi? BUK A SHORT ACCOUNT OF HIS LIFE AND WORKS. Br Wm. Sloane, Jun. ' I see amid the fields of Ayr, A ploughman, who, in foal or fair, Sings at his task. ~ 80 clear we know not if it is The laverock's Bong we hear or hie, Nor care to ask.' —?Longfellow. \- On the 21st July, 1796, the Muse of Scotland mourned the death of her most enchanting son. whose 'sufferine worth that long with wants and woes had striven,' received the melancholy requital of an un ? timely grave. A hundred years have now passed away, and many a proud name lies forgotten in the deep, silent, dust of ob livion, while that of the lowly Ayrshire ploughman shines in the bright zenith of perpetual day. No one was ever more en deared to the English-speaking race than Robert Burns. Poets have sung his praises and gloried in his fame; states men have used his phrases to emhelish their speeches ; eloquent advocates have snatched his sayings to adorn their ora tions; celebrated preachers have taken his words as texts ; brave men have shouted them in the din of battle; even cowards have caught them up and thrown fear to the winds, crying — *' Liberty's in every blow, Let us do or die,' Love itself breathes no fonder name than that of Robert Burns. Scores of towns, thousands of miles away from the native land of the poet, have erected monuments ti his memory. We have in our golden city of Ballarat a magnificent Btatue of beautiful design, whioh perhaps cost nearly as much as was contributed to Burns for all the works of his lifetime. The earth has known many singers, but Robert Burns is the only one that ever found the key to ? universal brotherhood. Did he not pro duce '' Auld Lang Syne,' which is becom ing a bond of fellowship to all mankind? It is our intention to give a short account of the life and writings of this great poet, _r whose genius lightens the dark places of the human heart with the sunny presence of immortal song. Robprt Barns was born on the 25th January, 1759, on the banks of the Doon, in the viciuity of Ayr, and close to the ruins of Alloway Kirk, now for ever celebrated as the witch-haunted scene of Tarn o'Sbanter's ride. His father, Willhm Burns, who for some time followed the occupation of a gardener, was a man of high moral excellence, and one who, like the patriarch of old, 'feared God and eschewed e\il.' He early taught his chil dren that the principle of truth, piety, and honor were more to be desired than richep. In 'The Cotter's Saturday Night' we have a true picture of this good man. The writing of this poem, so filled with recol lections of youthful happiness, doubtless brought many tears to the eyes of the , sensitive poet. Tbat the '?' admonitions due ' of such a parent were beneficial to his after life is most certain. An old woman who dwelt with the family goon inspired him with a love of thesupernatural. She was skilled in the country folk lore, and knew all about the doings of witches, warlocks, fiirie?, and such like dwellers of the nether Bphere. She taught Robert all the old Scotch ballads in which those uncanny spirits play such prominent parts. He learnt them with an avidity that mint have been very pleasing to the good old soul. Ah! little did she think the seed she was sowing in the prolific brain of the little boy would yield such a wonderful harvest, Rjbert was the eldest son, and at the age ~of air he and his brother Gilbert were sent to a school about a mile distant from their father's home. Here he showed great aptitude for learning, going *o his lessons with a glad heart. There was none of that Bnail-creeping reluctance so common to the ordinary schoolboy in Burns. He was one of those who are born with an unquenchable desire for knowledge, and by sheer strength of personal effort, he ultimately reached the highest pinnacle of poetic fame. Un fortunately, his father was so poor that he could not give the boys the education he wished, and after three years schooling, was obliged to take them away to work on the farm of Mr. Oliphant whioh he then rented, teaching them, as best ho could, in the long winter evenings. Robort Rums excelled at all sorts of out-door occupations, especially ploughing, and at the age of , 'fifteen did most of the work on his father's small holding. Although naturally very robust, the physical strain of the long farm hours was too much for a boy go consti tuted} and hia brother Gilborfc tells us that it impaired his natural levity, making him Bubjeot to fits of melancholy and severe headaches. There waB nothing of the infant prodigy about Burns. The poetical instinct of hia nature for some time lay unawakened, but at the magic touch of love it blazed forth with spontaneous splendor, lighting up his whole being witli predominating ascen dancy of Promethean fire. This remarkable man was also singularly gifted iu conversa tional power. Pie was often so entranc ingly eloquent that his listeners were actually spellbound or dissolved to tears. Shortly before their father's death, Burns and his brother took the farm of Mossgiel, paying £90 per annum for 118 acres of land. All the family savings were put into this venture, which, however, proved a failure, owing to a succession of two bad aeasons. Things now reached such a pass with poor Burns that he reluctantly ac cepted the offer of a situation as overseer in Jamaica, and having printed by sub scription a small volume of poems to raise tbe necessary funds for the voyage, he got together his few belongings and was ready to embark. That this was a -last step is shown in his letters and in the lines which he despondently wrote— ' Farewell, old Scotia'a bleak domains, Far dearer than the torrid plains Where rich ananas blow.' At this juncture a letter from Dr. Black lock (to whom poetry was ' the dear solace of perpetual blindness') changed all his plans, and we now see him setting off with determined strides for Edinburgh to be mnde the darling of ber literary society, and to re-edit a larger edition of his poems The fame of Burns soon spread throughout the kingdom. The erstwhile rustic plough man uow received invitations to dine with the nobility and gentry, who made much of him. He reciprocated their kindness in the best way he was able by dedicating the Edinburgh edition of his poems to the noblemen and gentlemen of the Caledonian Hunt. It is here where he says, 'The poetic genius of my country found me, as the prophetic bard Elijih did Elisha, at the plough ; and threw her in spiring mantle over me. She bade me sing the loves, the joys, the rural scenes and rural pleasures of my native soil, in my native tongue. I turned my wild artless notes as she inspired. She whispered me to come to this ancient metropolis of Cale donia, and lay my songs under your houorod protection. I now obey her dic tates.' It has been asserted that Burns had no ear for music, perhaps not in the common acceptation of the term, but then ' heard melodies are sweet, but those un heard are sweeter.' Soul-notes are not measured by rhythmic beats of undulating sound ; they are of something more intan gible than the unsubstantial element of dreams, and BurnB, although he apparently displayed no outward talent for music, pos sessed a gift far more rare, unique, and wonderfu), in that, like ' The angel Issafel whoso heartstrings are a lute, and who has the sweetest voice of all God's creatures,' he was able through the ineffable power of his divine art to interpret those wondrous ' spirit ditties of no tone ' which ate forever haunting the human soul, seeking a master mind toe call them into earthly being. After a sojourn in Edinburgh of nearly twelve months (broken by occasional visits to the country), ho again resolved to betako himself to form life. The sale of bis poems brought him nearly £900. After discharging all expenses he had about £500 on hand. £200 of this he advanced to his brother Gilbert, who had ' taken upon himself the support of his aged mother and was strug gling with many difficulties at Mossgiel.' Burns chose out the form of Ellisland on tho river With, close to Dumfries, as his future home, and was now enabled to publicly ratify his marriage with Jean Amour. He was at this time in his 29i;h year. That he gave his time at Ellisland more to poetry than farming is a lucky thing for the lovers of inspired literature. At last finding himself drifting further from worldly success he looked to an office in the excise as a means of livelihood. After living at Ellisland for three and a half years he sold out of his farm and removed to a bouse in Dumfries, and it was here fhat most of his best songs were. composed. Unfortunately his promotion in the excise was hindered by habits of unsteadiness which had gradually undermined his strength of will, so that we now see this noble man, whose nature more resembled the divine Apollo than an earthly mortal, tottering on the brink of relentless destiny, wilh the angel of death hovering over him, with ruthless wings, ready at any moment for the final swrop. It was with a shattered frame and a broken spirit, that he repaired to the shore of the Soiway Firth to try if sea bathing might restore his wasted vigor. He was well aware of his condition, and a lady who met him at this watering place, could not help noticing that ' the stamp of death was on his features.' He seemed to read her mind, for his first salutation to ht r was, ' Well, madam,, have you any commands for the other world V In about three weeks he returned to Dum fries, and was again seized with a severe attack of rheumatic fever, and on the Slst July, 1796, breathed his last, being then in his 38th year. Such, briefly told, are the main incidents of this remarkable genius of Scottish song. He was a m-in whose power of mind raised far above the level of his surroundings. His genius was as a tall tropical tree, towering alone above a jungle of lesser minds that could only gauge the world by their own standard. What would he have been if he had asso ciated habitually with men of similar as pirations to his own ? If, like Shakes peare, who was brought face to face with Ben Jonson, he had met some mighty compeer, who would have spurred him on to the highest glory of ambition, he would then undoubtedly have stood the nonpareil exponent of the English lyric, even as Shakespeare is of the drama. Fate willed it otherwise, and we must take the fact as we find him— an amorous plough man, whose inspiration is constantly over flowing in rivulets of song. Burns, as a man, showed sterling qualities, but the example of his life proves how the most gifted of our race may succumb if they give way to that treacherous inclination to ex ceed, which comes from the acquired habit of drink. Much extenuating gloss 5 has been spread over this failing of Burns, but there can be little doubt that toward the latter end of his life be became a victim to the allurements of Bacchus. None knew this better than Burns himself, but he was too far gone to shake off the insidious spell, so that we see him sinking deeper and deeper. In ' A Bard's Epitaph,' meant to typify himself, he says : — ' Is there a man whose judgment; clear Can others teach tbe couise to steer, Yet runs himself life's mad career Wild as the wave ! Here pause— and thro' the starting tear Survey this grave '.' Ho also avers in the same poem, that — Prudent, cautious, self-control la wisdom's root. But to criticise, and pass judgment on his feelings from a modern standpuint, would bo grossly unfair to tho noble character of the poet ; we must consider his Burround ings and tbe habits of the times in which he lived. In those days strong drink was considered almost a necessary of life. Con sequently we must not look askance when we find Burns singing tho praises of the ' Barley Breo' in such mellifluous verse: — he is only giving voice to tho sentiments common to the every-day life of the peopld with whom his lot was cast. All we can do now is to deplore his fate, and wish that he had lived in a happier period of the world's history, when a greater recognition of his genius would have procured a fuller scope fur bis talents, and perhaps enabled him with Miltonic grandeur to ' unsphere the spirit of Piato.' But then he would not have been Burns — our own, dear, best loved, unfortunate Burns, who wept the daisy's fate and likened it to his own. ' Ah ! how tender and full of passion was that heart of his, how prone to forgive, how just, how noble, how stalwart in; ' aiversity. Raven-throated calumniators have croaked themselves hoarse, but we know better now. Have not the voice of time and the voice of the world for ever exonerated Burns from their slanders and shown that he rather triumphed over sins venal than went wilfully astray? Burns is essentially a poet of the people. There i8 no Browning-like ambiguity of phrase to be found anywhere in his writings — no truth-concealing metaphors of jingling sound. The current of his verse is as clear and healthful as one of -his own Ayr shire rivers, making melody in happy places while flowing onward in its natural channel to mingle with the great ocean of thought, whose shores are eternity. What to ordinary persons would have passed un noticed, were to Burns the subjects, of poetic themes. The timorous mouse pant ing away from the cruel ploughshare, with its ' wee bit housie ' scattered to the biting winds, made his breast throb with sympathetic pain, so that he sought relief in the healing balm of poesy. Truly ifc has been said— ' Touched by his hand,, the wayside weed Becomes a flower.' His poetry teaches us to be brave, noble, just, to favor no man undeservedly. ' And O I be sure to fear the Lord alway, And mind your duty, duly, morn and night J Lest in temptation's path ye gang astray, Implore his counsel and assisting might— They never sought in vain that. sought the Lord aright.' The poems of Burns hold the glad hours .and joyous moments of life in perpetual grasp, so that they are ever present to his readers. He sings of happiness and tho - love of home, and grandly affirms — «? To make a happy fireside clime, : ' To weans and wife ; That's the true pathos and sublime, Of human life.' He exalts the love of country to tbe heights of patriotism till everyone is ready to wel come the ' gory bed ' of death to save the Sag of national liberty from the hands of an oppressor. We all know how in an anguish heart, he once tuned his harp to the memory of bis own immortal love, and sublimely produced thosa lines ' To Mary in Heaven,' beginning — ' Thou lingering star, with less'aing ray, That lov'st to greet the early morn, Again thou usber'st in the day, * My Mary from my soul was torn.' Poetry never yet, before or since, embodied thought so pure, so emblematic of a grief stricken soul ; every syllable is as freshly sweet as the dewy flower of a sorrow-laden tree in the garden Hesperides. No wonder ' that the birthplace of such a poet is now ?' ' More loved at home, revered abroad,' ? than almost any other spot on earth, making it the scene of a thousand visi tations from those of far off lands who wish to pay the tribute of a tear to the memory of their much-loved and ill-fated bard. No poet could be less mercenary - than Burns, he was never swayed by - the thought of persoual gain; and while ' struggling with poverty, he relused to become a weekly contributor to the Poets ?? corner of the Morning Chronicle, although ??? the proprietor offered him substantial re- ? numeration. Yet at tbat time he was - Bending voluntary donations of. beautiful verse to Johnson's Museum, and songs in- ' numerable to Thomson's collection. It was no boast of his life to say ' With honest pride I ecorn each selfl.-h end ; ; My Nearest meed, a fiiend'a esteem aud praise.', .' With him the passion of poetry was ever present When long-continued darkness brooded over his soul, it was the one bright star which guided and consoled him Can we wonder that in an hour of rapture he ? saw the muse of his country appear in a vision and address him with prophetic greeting— ' AH hail t my own inspired bard, Jn me thy native muse regard ; Nor longer mourn tby fa'e is hard, Thus poorly love ! I coruo to pive tbee such reward : As we bsstow.' After expressing her admiration of his ?; genius, she commands him to : - ' Preserve the dignity of irac '- With soul erect.' In her hand she holds a wreath, symbolical -; ot everlasting fame, fashioned foe none other taan Burns himself. ?' And wear thon this,' she solemn said, And bound the holly round my head ; The polished leaves, the berries red, Did rustling play ; And, like a passing thought, she Had In light w-sy. Having1 prefaced this short sketch with words from Longfellow, it is fitting that we should also grace its termination with closing verses written by that greatest American poet to Scotia's dearest son. Oh, how doubly dear from having dedicated his life to the muses. ' And then to die so young and leava Unfinished what he might achieve ! Yet be tar sura Is this than wandering up and down, An old mm in a country town, Iaflrm and poor. For now he haunts his native land As an immortal youth ; his hand Guides every plough. He sits beside each ingle-nook ; His voice is in each rushing brook, Bach rustling bough. His prea9i3ce haunts this room to-night, A form of mingled mist and light, From that far coast. 'Welcome beneath this roof of mine ! Welcome! this vacant chair is thine, Dear guest and ghost !'' Malwaia Station, July, 1896. 