THE SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. By MRS. MOLES WORTH. [Author of " Hathercourt Rectory," 'Tour Winds Farm," &c.;] PART IIL We left Finster St. Mabyn's towards the middle of July. Nothing worth recording happened during the la^t few weeks. If the ghostly drama were still re-enacted, night after night, or only during some portion of each month, we took care not to assist at the performance. I believe Phil and Nugent planned another vigil, but gave it up by my father's expressed wish, and on one pretext or another he managed to keep the gallery locked up without arousing any suspicion in my mother or Sophy, or any of our visitor. ] t w;ts a cold summer—those 03rly months of it at lea^t—and that made it easier to avoid the room. Somehow none of us were sorry to go. This was natural, so far as several were conccrned, but rather curious as regarded those of the family who knew no drawback to the charms of the place. 1 suppose it was due to some instinctive consciousness of the influence which so many of the party had felt it impossible to resist or explain. And the Rectory of Raxtrew ™ really a dear little place. It was so bright and open and sunny. Donny's pale face was rosy with pleasure the first afternoon when he came rushing into tell us that there were tame rabbits and a pair of guinea pigs in an otherwise empty hxr e box m the stable-yard. "Do come and look at them," he begged, and I want with him, pleased to see him so happy. I did not care for the rabbits, but 1 always think gmnea-pigs rather fascinating, and we stayed playing with them some little time. " I'll show you another way back into the house," said Dormy, and he led me through a conservatory into a large, almost unfurnished room, opening again into a tiled passage leading to the offices.. "This is the Warden bays' playroom," he said. " They r keep their cricket and football things here, vou sec, and their tricycle. 1 wonder if I might use it?" "We must write and ask them," I said. "But what are ali these big packages?" I venton. '" Oh, I see, it'sourheavyduggagefrom Finster. There is not room 1:1 this house for our odds and ends of furniture, I suppose. It's rather a pity they have put it in here, for we could have had some nice games in this big room on a wet day, and see, Doricy, here are several pairs of roller skates ! Oh, we must have this place cleared." We spjke to father about it—lie came and looked at the room and agreed with us that it would be a pity not to have the full use of i!. Roller- skating would be good exercise for Dormy, he said, and even for Nat, who would be joining us before long for his holidays. So our big cases, and the chairs and tables we had bought from Hunter, in their carciu! swatliings of wisps and matting, were carried out to an empty barn—a perfectly dry and weather-tight barn—for everything at the Rectory was in excellent repair. In this, as in all "other details, our new quarters were a complete contrast to the picturesque abode vre hud just quitted. The weather was charming for the first two or three weeks—much wanner and .sunnier than at Finster. We all enjoyed it, and seemed to breathe more freely. .Miss Xjarnent, who was staying through the holidays this year, and 1 congratulated each other more than once', when sure of not being overheard, on the cheerful wholesome atmosphere in wiueh we found ourselve-. " I do not think I shall ever wish to live 111 a very old house again," she said one day. We were in the playroom, and 1 had been persuading her to try her hand—01- feet—at rollerskating. "Even now," she went on "I < to you Leila, though it may sound very wea'sminded I cannot think of that horrible night without a shiver. '' Indeed. ' -he went on, "1 could f&ucv; I feel that thrill of nidescnDaoIe cold at the present moment. ' She vas shivering—and, extraordinary to relate as she spoke her tremor communicated itself'to me. Again, I could sweat- to it; asrnin I felt that blast of unutterable, unearthly "^started up. We were seated on a Iwnch a-ainst tho wall a bench belonging playroom, and which we had not thougu. of r moving, as a few seats were caiiwnirai. Miss Larpent caught sight of my face. Her own which was very white, grew distressed m expression. She grasjied my arm. _ "My dearest child," she exclaimed, you look blue and vour teeth are chattering. do wish 1 had not alluded to that fright we haa. I had no idea you were so nervous. " I did not know it myself, I replied 1 often think of the Finster ghost quite calm y, even in the middle of the night. Bu 30- then. Miss Larpent, do you know 1 reall} jc-t that horrid eold again !' . "So did I—or rather my imagination did — she replied, trying to talk m a matter-of-.act v, ay She got up a? she spoke and went to the window. " It can't be ail imagination, she i added. Six:, Leila, what a gusty stormy day it is—not like the beginning of August. It really is cold."' "And tins playroom \--. — -v. , uejiriy as draughty as the gallery uf Finster,"' I "said. "Don't let us stay here. C.nie into tho drawing-room and play .some duets, i wish we could quite forget about Fms'er." "Dormy has done so, 1 hope," said Miss Larpent. Tliat chilly morning was the commencement of the real break up ill the weather. W,. women would not have minded it so muck, as there are always olenty of ii-.docr things v,e can find to do And mv two grown-up brothers were SWJ v. Raxtrew held no particular attractions for them, and Phil wanted to see some cf our numerous relations before he returned to India. So he and Nugent started on a round of visits. But, unluckily, it was the beginning of the public school" holidays, and poor Nat— tho fifteen-years-old boy—had just joined us. It waA very disappointing for him in more ways than one. He had bet his heart on seeing Fin- •sr. r. impressed by our enthusiastic description of it when vre first went there, and now his anticipations had to come down to a comparatively tame and uciuteresiin? "village, and every probability—so said the wise—of a stretch of unsummerlike rainy weather. Nat is a gondnatured, cheery fellow, however—not nearly as clever or as impressionable as Dormy. but with the same common sense. So be Wiseh determined to make tho best of tilings, and as we were a ll sorry for him, he did not, after ail, come off ver-.- badlv. His principal amusement was roller skating in the playroom. Dormy had not taken to it in the same way —rhe greater part of hi* time was spent with the rabbits and guinea- pigs, where IS at, when ho himself had had skating enough, was pretty sure to find him. I suppose it was with beinc the eldest sister that it always seems my fate to receive the confidences of the rest of the family, and it was alxjut this time, a fortnight or so after his arrival, that it began to strike me that ?\at looked as if he had something on his mind. "He is sure to tell me what it is sooner or later," I said to myself. "Probably he has left Borne small debts behind him at school— only he did not look worried cr anyious when he first came home." The confidence was given. One afternoon Nat followed me into the library, where I was going to write some letters, and said he wanted to speak to me. I put my papers aside and waited. " Leila," he began, "you must promise not to lnug'11 at me." This vras not what I expected. "Laugh at you—no, certainly not," I replied, especially if you are in any trouble. And I have thought you were looking worried, Nat." "Well, yes." he said; "I don't know if there is anj-thing coining over me—I feel quite well, but—Leila," he broke off, "doyou believe in ghosts?" I started. " Has any one"—I was beginning- rashly, but the boy interrupted me. "No, no," he said eagerly; "No one has put anything of the kind into my head—no one. It is raj" own senses that have seen—felt it, or else, 11 it is fancy, 1 must be going out of my mind, Leila—1 do believe there is a-ghost here in ih<> ployr'jora. I sat silent, an awful dread creeping over me, which, ,ts he went on. grew worse and worse. Had tne thing—the Finster shadow— attached itself to us—1 had read of such cases —had it journeyed with us to this peaceful, healthful house!' The remembrance of the cold thrill experienced by ^Iiss Larpent and myself flashed back upon me. And Nat went on. Yes, the cold was the first thing he had been startled by, followed, just as in the gallery of our old castle, by the consciousness of the terrible shadow-like presence, gradually taking form in the moonlight. For there had had been moonlight the last night or two, and Nat, in his skating ardour, had amused himself alone in the playroom after Dormy had gone to bed. "The night before last was the worst," he said, "It Btopped raining, you remember, Leila, and the moon was very bright— I noticed how it glistened on the wet leaves outside. It was by the moonlight I saw the shadow. I wouldn't have thought of skating in the evening but for the light, for we've never had a lamp in there. It eamo round the walls, Leila, and then it seemed to stop and fumble away in one corner—at the end where there is a bench, you know." Indeed 1 did know ; it was where our governess and I had been sitting. "I got so awfully frightened," said Nat, honestly, " that I ran off. Then yesterday I was ashamed of myself, and went back there in the evening with a candle. But I saw nothing ; the moon did not come out. Only I felt the cold again. I believe it was there—though I could not see it. Leila, what crn it be? If only I could make you understand! It is so much, worse than it sounds to tell." I said what 1 could to soothe him. I spoke of odd shadows thrown by the trees outside, s-raving 111 the wind, for the weather was still stormy". 1 repeated the time-worn argument aboat optical illusions, &c.;, &c.;, and in the end he gave in a little. It might liare bsen his fancy. And he promised me most faithfully to breathe no hint—not the very faintest —of the fright he had had, to Soph}" or Dormy or any one. Then I had to tell mv father. I really shrank from doing so, but there seemed no alternative. At first, of course, he pooh-poohed it at once by saying Dormy must nave been talking to Nat about the Finster business, or if not Dormy, r-ione.—Miss Larpent even ! But vrhin all such explanations were entirely set at nought, 1 must say poor father looked rather blank. I was sorry for him, and sorry for myself—the idea of being followed by this horrible pro-sence was too sickening. Father took refugG at last in some brainwave theory—involuntary impression had been made on Nat by all of us, whose minds were still full of the strange experience. He said lie felt sure, and no doubt he tried to think did, that this theory explained the whole. I felt glad for him to get any satisfaction out of it, and I did my best to take it up too. But it was no use. I felt that Nat's experience had b-en an "objective" one, as Miss Larpent expressed it—or, .as Dormy had said at the first at Finster. "No, no. sister—it's something tiicrc—it's nothing to do with mr." And earnestly I longed for the time to come for our return to our own familnu- home. "I don't think I shall ever wish to leave it again," I thought. But after a week or two the feelings began to fade again. And father ver}' sensibly discovered that it would not do to leave our spare furniture and heaiy luggage in the hani—it v..Ui getting all dusty and cobwebby. So it was all moved back a^ram to the playroom, and there stacked as it had been at first, making it impossible for 115 tn vkate or amuse oursf-lves in any way thoie, at which Sophy grumbled, but Nat did not. Father was very good to Nat. He took him about with him a-: much as be could to get the thought of that homd thing out of his head. But yet it could not have been half as bad for Nat as for the rest of us, for we took the greatest possible precautions against any whisper of dreadful and mysterious truth reaching him—that the ghost had followed us from Finster. Father did not tell Mr. Miles or Jenny about it. They had been worried enough, poor things, by the trouble at Finster, and it would be too bad for them to think that the strange influence was affecting us m the sccond house we had taken at their recommendation. " in fart-" said father with a rather ruvful smile. "11 we don't take care we shall begin lobe looked upon askance as a haunted family. Our lives would have been endangered in the good old witchcraft da}8." "It is l-ealiy a mercy that none of the servants have got hold of the stcry," said Miss 'Larpent, who was one of our council ot three. "We must just hope that 110 further annoyance will befall us until we are safe at home acain." ' Her hones were fulfilled. Nothing else happened while we remained at the Rectory—it really seemed as if the unhappy shade was limited locally, in one sense. For at Fluster, eveu, it had never been seen or felt save in the one 100111. The vividness of the impression of poor Nat's experience had almost died away when the time cs.ae for us to leave, i felt now that 7 . ho.lid raliier enjoy tolling Phil and Nugent about :t, and hearing what tr.C'i could bring forward in the way of explanation. We left Raxtrew eariy in Octooer. Our two big brothers were awaiting tis at home, having arrived there a iexv davs before uf.. Nugent v. as due at Oxford very shortly. It was very nice to be in our own house Again, a*ter several months' absence, and it was most interesting to see how the alterations, including a good deal of new papering and painting, had been carried out. And as soon a.s the heavy luggage arrived we had grand consultations as to the disposal about the rooiiis of ti:e charming pieces ot furniture we had picked up at Hunter's. Our rooms arelarge and nicely shaped, most of them. it was not di'ocuk to make a pretty corner here and there with a quaint old chair or two and a delica:e spindle-legged table, and when wo had arranged them all — Phil, Nugent, and I were the movers — "•'. e summoned mother and Miss Lai pent to gn-o their opinion. They quite approved, mother oven saying that sho would be glad of a few more odds and " We might empower Janet Miles," she said "to let. us know if sho sees anything ery tempting. Is that really all v.-e have? Tin lonked so much more important in their swath 'l'iie same idea struck me. I glanoed round. " Yes," I said, "that's all, except—oh, yes therearo tapestry portieres—the bestof all. We can't have them in the drawiinr-room, I fear, it is to.i modern for them. Where shall we hang them. !" "Vou arc forgetting, Leila," said mother. "We spoke of having them ill the hall. They will do beautifully to hang before the two side doors, which are seldom opened. And in cold weather the ball is draughty, though nothing like the gallery at Finster." { ! ' ! J i Why did she say that? Tt made me shiver, but, then, pf course, she did not know. Our hall is a vory pleasant one. We sit there a great deal. The tide doors mother spoke of arc second entrances to the dining-room and library—quite unnecessary, except when wa have a large party, a dance, or something of that sort. And the porticos certainly seemed the very tiling, the mellow colouring of the tapestry showing to great advantage. Tho boys—Phil and Nugent, 1 mean—set to work at once, and 111 an hour or two the hangings were placed. "Of course," .said Philip, "if Pver these doors are to be opaned, this precious tapestrv must Ixi taken down, or else -.cry carefully looned back. It is very worn in some places, and m spite of the thick lining it should lie tenderly handled. I am afraid !t bus suffered a little from being so long rolled up at the Rectory. It should have l>een hung up!" Still, it looked very well indeed, and when father, who was away at sonc Magistrates' meeting, came home in the evening, I showed him our arrangements with pride. He waj very pleased. "Very nice—very nice, indeed," he said, though it was almost too dusk for him fully to judge of the effect or the tapestry. "But, dear me, child, this iiali is very cold. We muet have a. lar ger fire. Only October 1 ^Vhat sort of a winter are we going to have?" He shivered as he. spoke. lie was standing close to on e of the portieres — smoothing the tapestry half absently with one hand. I looked at him with concern. " 1 hope you have not got a chill, papa," I said. But he seemed all right again when wo went into the library, where tea was waiting—an extra late tea for his benefit. The next day Nugent went to Oxford. Nat had already returned to school. So our home party was reduced to father and mother. Miss Larpent, Phil and I, and the children. Wo were very glad to liave Phil settled at home for some time. There was little fear of his being tempted away now that thB shootinjt had begun. We were expecting some of our usual guests at this season; the weather was perfect autumn weather; we had thrown off all remembrance of influenza and other depressing " influences," and were feeling bright and cheerful, when again—ah, yes, even now it gives me a faint sick sensation to recall the horror of that third visitation ! But I must tell it simply, and not give way to painful remerr.brarii-es. It was the very dav before our first visitors were expected that the blow fell, the awful fear made itself felt. And, as before, the victim was a new one— the one who, for reasons already' mentioned, we had specially guarded from any breath of the gruesome terror—poor little Sophy ! What she was doing alone in the hall late that evening I cannot quite recall—yes, I think I remember her sa ving she had rundownstairs when halfway up to oed to fetch a book she had left there in the afternoon. She had no light, and the one lamp in the hall—we never sat there after dinner— was burning; feebly. It leas bright mooniirjht. I was sitting at tho piano, where I had been playing in a rather sleepy way, when a sudden touch on my shoulder made me start, and, looking up, I saw my sister Etanding beside me white and trembling. "Leila," she whispered, "come with me, quickly. I don't want mam na to notice." For mother was still nervous and delicate. The drawing-room is very long, and has two or three doors. No one else was at our end. It was easy to make our way out unperoeived. Sophy caught my hand and hurried me up- Btairs without speaking tiil we reached my own room, where a bright fire was -burning cheerfully. Then she began. "Leila," she said, "I have had such an awful fright. I did not want to speak until we were safe up here." "What was it?" I exclaimed breathlessly. Did I already suspect the truth? I really do not know, but my nerves were not what they had been. Sophy gasped and began to tremble. I put my arm round her. " It does not sound so bad," she said. " But —oh, Leila, what could it be? It was in tho hall," and then I think she explained how she had come to be there. I was standing near the side door into the library that we never use—and—all of a sudden a sort of darkness came along the wall, and seemed to settle on the door—where the old tapestry is. you know. I thought it was the shadow of something outside, for it was bright moonlight, and the windowa were not shuttered. But in a moment I saw it could not be that—there was nothingto throw such a shadow. It seemed to wriggle about like—like a monstrous spider, or"—and there she hesitated—"almost like a deformed human sort of being. And all at once, Leila, my breath went and I fell down, I really did. 1 was choked with cold. I think my Benses went away, but I am not sure. The next thing I remember was rushing across the hall and then down the south corridor to the drawing-room,- and then I was so thankful to see you there by the piano." I drew her down-on rr-'y knee, poor child. " It WHS very pood of you, dear," I eaid^ "to control yourself, and not startle mamma.* This pleased her, but her terror was still uppermost. "Leila," she said piteously, "can't you es plain it? I did so hope you could." "What could I say? "I—one would need go to the hall and look well about to see what could cast fctieh a shadow," I said vaguely, and I suppose I must involuntarily have moved a little, for Sophy started and clutched me fast. "Oh, Leila, don't go—you don't mean you are going now,'' she entreated. Nothing truly was farther from my thoughts, but I took care not to say so ! " I won't leave you if you'd rather not," I said, " and I tell you what, Sophy, if you would like very much to sleep here with me to-night, you shall. I will ring and tell Freake to bring things down and undress you 011 one condition. ' "What?" she said eagerly. She was much impressed by my amiability. "That you won't MJ- one word about this, or give the least shadow of a hint to any one that you have had a fright. You don't know the trouble it will cause." "Of course I will promise to let no one know, if you think it better, for you are so kind to me," said Sophy. But there W3S a tonch of reluctance in her tone. "You—you mean to do something about it, though, Leila," she went on. " I shall never be able to forget it if you don't." "Yes," I said, " I shall speak to father and Phil about it to-morrow. If any one ha« been trying to frighten us," I added unguardedly, "by playing tricks, they certainly inust be exposed." " Not its," she corrected ; "it was only me," I did not reply. Why I spoke of the possibility of a trick I scarcely know. I had no hope of any such explanation. But another strange and almost incredible idea was beginning to take shape in my mind, and with it came a faint, very faint touch of relief. Could it be tiiat not tho houses, nor the, rooms, nor, worst of all, we ourselves, were haunted, but some thing or things among the old furniture we had bought at I'.axtrcw? And lying sleepless that night a sudden flash of illumination struck me—could it — whatever the "it" was—could it hive something to do with the tapestry hangings? The more I thought it over the more striking grew the coincidences at Finster. It had been on one of the closed doors that the shadow seemed to settle, as again here in our own hall. But in both cases the portiere had hung m front! And at the Rectory? The tapestry, as Philip had remarked, had lxieu there rolled up all the time. Was it possible that it had never been taken oat to the barn at ail? What more probable than that it should liave been left, forgotten, under the bench where Miss Larpent and I had felt for the second time that hideous coW And, stay, something else was returning to my mind in connection with that bench. Yea—I had it—Nat had said "it seemed to stop and fumble away in one corner—at the end where there is a bench, you know." And then to my unutterable thankfulness I fell a-sleep. 