fiction. A WOMAN'S REVENGE. ' GHAPTEB I. " A lady taken old Bowden'a praotlce I By Jove, that Is something of an Innovation in West BorntonI I thought wo woro proof against innovations of evory kind, from tho Now Woman downwards." "Bat they say she is very clover, and has beon at St. Bartholomew's under Sir Francis Wood. After all, Maitland, is thcro any solid reason against a woman undertaking to kill or oure her fellow-creatures, if Bho has tho capability for it, like her brother-man? I can't say I see any." " My dear Molly, it isn't a question of right or of reason at all ; it is a question of tasto and (esthetics. To mc thero is nothing moro abhorrent than a person, animal, or thing out of its propor sphere ; and most pcoplo will agrco with me in dcaiding that tno mcdioAl soience Is altogether outBido a woman's. I mnnt dovoutlv hone mv life mav nover bo left in the hands of this lady, and I will certainly recommend none of my friends to leave theirs in them. . . Well, I must go ; business doesn't allow mo a longer luncheon-hour." And Maitland Thorpe, taking his hat and gloves from tbo tnblo, stood up. Mrs. Herbert nut her band in hor brother's, and ho pressed it warmly, 'then loft tho room and tho houso. As ho strodo down tho quiet terrace wheroin Mrs. Herbert lived, and then along the main street of tho busy little town, Maitland Thorpo's well-known face and figure seemed part of tho vory town itself. Tbo Thorpes were lending manufacturers in West Barnton, aqd»" Thorpo's" were well-known mills all over the westorn oountles. Tho Thorpes, father and son, woro justly regarded ob among tho props and pillars of that great manu facturing class which Eoglahd justly looks upon as the baokbono of her national wealth. Of late years tho management of affairs had fallen more into tbo hands of tho eon ; Mr. Thnrne was beoomins old and infirm, and had almost retired from aotlvo Hfo. If ever thoro was a thorough business man, Maitland Thorpe was ho ; heart and soul, bo wascompletelylmmorsedin business. Though considerably over thirty, ho was yet un married ; he had no tlmo for marrying, ho sold. Among his. contemporaries, ho was looked apon as just and honorable ; bat hard- headed and hara-hoarted. " Thorpe is n good friend, but a hard enemy," was a common saying even among his bestfrlonds. Perhaps Mary, hiB sistor could havo had something to say on that point ; hor knowledge of him had taught her that beneath his eoid exterior Maitland had somewhere a hidden heart. As he walked towards the town that eold Ootober day ho looked his charactor all over. Ho had one of those strongly-framed and strongly- featured faoes which wo aro 'apt to capabilities and good points, but was In the main obstinate ans inflexible. Maitland Thorpe was by no moans a handsome man, and not oven nls greatest feminine admirers, of whom h?had sot a few, for ttjoro Is a kind of feminity to whoni masterful and oven tyrannical manhood is Strang?!? ftttraotlve, oould call him so. As ho walked down towardo a lower part of the town, whioh led to the factory, a child suddonly ran up a mean littto alloy, and stood looking along tho street. Thorpe paused and addressed tho child ; he know him as ono of tho children of a workman of bis own— an idio, drunken vagabond — dismissed by Thorpe Bovoral times, but always takon back at tho pitiful entreaties of his wife. " Is your father at homo to-day, my-boy ?" " Ayo, master; but my mother bo very bad, an' I'm a watahln' for the dootor." " What dootor ?" "T' laddy dootor, 'tis she 'at my mother sent for." Even as he spoke some one coming down tho street with a light, firm step, passed Thorpe, glanoed at the name on the oorncr house and prepared to turn down tho alley. Then she paused. "I am looking for Thomas Grove's house. Is It near here ?" She might have spoken to the man or to the boy. Thorpe, forced In common polite ness to speak, raised his hat slightly. "This Is Grove's child; ho will take you to the houso ; It is a few steps down tbo alloy." " Thank you," said the girl— she was only a girl— letting her oyes, which were grey liko h'ln finrn rAtlnn hid tap. a far a mmnnnt fh«n sho bowed oomposedly, and turned to follow the child, who ran off without moro ado, wbilo Maitland Thorpo stood looking after them. So this was Mr. Bowdcn's successor— tho strong-minded female professional so abhor rent to him. She rathcrunset his theories of advanced womanhood. Tnero was nothing masculine, ugly, or outre about this small, slim flguro, plainly but tastefully attired in a grey tweed gown and long black jacket, or in tho face, whioh, though not beautiful was a Bingularly refined ono, palo and grave, with small, slight features, and those calm, critical, dark-grey oyes. It occurred to Thorpo that thcro woro depths in those cyos whioh would ohango tho girl's whole force where they to break up. Ho walked on with a slight feeling of discomfiture and irritation— that feeling whioh wo all, oven tho best of us, know when our preconceived theories melt liko wax before tho reality of foot; but in tho midst of his work and thoughts ho soon forgot all about tho lady dootor. West Barnton was adeoidedly Conservative littlo town, and, as is usually tho case, Us feminine soolety was particularly so. West Barnton ladles speedily ; decided that Dr. Miriam Lees was not a person " to know," and aooordingly the now dootor soon found herself in tho position of a social pariah. It was about a month after Dr. Lees' arrival that Maitland Thorpe was again reminded, ; this time rather unpleasantly, of her existence, Ho strolled into his sister's drawing room ono afternoon, and found half-a-dozen ladies analysing the oharaoter of thoir absent victim vritb great sett. ' Undoubtedly homo is a woman's sphoro, and if sho by her own freo will, gives Up the claim to tho sweetness of dotnostic life, how can sho expect tho Kvmpnthy of her box?" sentimentally usked a WcstBnrntoii lady, tho sweetness of whoso domestic life was graphic ally described by tho West Barutou vulgar as "cat an' dog chained together, an' fighttn' fit to end themselves all tho time." " ITcre's a gentleman to deoido the quostion for us," exclaimed Mrs. Badford, tho vlcarcus of West Barnton, as Thorpe entered. " Mr. Thorpe, arc you prepared to pull down your hands' dwelling-houses and erect now ones on tbo recommendation' of our new medical practitioner, Dr. Lees ?" " What do you moan ?" Thorpo domnhded, brusquely; but Thorpe's brnsquencss was never- resented by Mrs. Badford, who had tlirco marriageable daughters, and tho lady replied sweetly — " Why, I was told only yesterday that Dr. Lees had condemned the Garrow Alley houses- as being unfit for human habitation, and that sho is to bring tho mnttcr/ first under your notico. and, failing your submission, under that of tho Board of Sanitation." Maitlnnd Thorpo flushed a dusky red— a sign with him of rising anger. Mrs. Badford maliciously went on— "1 can assure you- i am not jOKing, air. Thorpe ; sho mentioned the matter to Mr. Badford, whom sho met in one of tho bouses Of oourse I, being a woman, don't pretend to know anything about sanitation; but Dr. Lees should understand the subject, and no doubt docB." Maitland Thorpo looked, as ho felt, ex ceedingly angry. Ho was a man who hated to bo Interfered with, and who, though he might net on a suggestion, would never yield to a command. And that his arrangements Bhonld be condemned by that slender girl, the " advanced woman," whom ho was already prejudiced against, was intolerable to bim. A few days after, as Thorpe was leaving his ofilco for the evening, a olerk tapped at tho door. "A lady to see you, Mr. Thorps, if you please." Almost beforo Thorpo could answer, " Show her in," tho olerk drow book bis head, and tho 6mall, slight figuro of Dr. Lees stood oo tho threshold. " " CHAPTER H. Maitland Thorpe rose, bowing stiffly. Tho girl answering in his bow, In like manner, began at once her attack. " I must apologise for coming upon you at suoh an awkward hoar, Mr. Thorpe ; but I could find no moro convenient one at which I had any chance of finding you dleongagcd. Can you givo mp a few minutes of your time just now? I shall not dotain you longer than Icauhelp?" Thorpo bdwed again, perhaps a trifle more stlfly than -beforo. Her manner was perfectly unembarrassed, though wholly business-like ; she spoko as ono man would to another. It annoyed him that she could do so. Sho ovi- dently considered herself on an equal platform with hiro, and had no idea of looking up -to a higbor masoulinc level than was hor own feminine ono. Well, then, Thorpo thought with n savngenoss whioh surprised himself, ho would fight her with her own chosen weapons ; ho would answer hor, ns one man would another, forgetting her sex, showing hor but tbo scant courtesy business men give and receive. He offored ber a ohnir, ourtly enough ; Dr. Lees accepted it calmly. As sho did so, Thorpe, who was not without an artlstla eye, oould not help noticing tho beautiful contour of her figure, its rare suppleness and grace, and tho pcrfcot pose of tho littlo head with lis masses of soft brown hair. Sho looked. At him out of her orltieal oyes trustingly enough as yet. "It iB about the houses In Garrow Alley, Mr. Thorpo. ' You must be aware, I think, that thoy aro in a most unhealthy condition, and that, as long ns thoy aro loft standing, (ho health of tbo community la seriously im perilled. No amount of repairing will do ; the foundations aro utterly rotten, and tho drainage is'defcotivo. They must be pulled down, tho stagnnnt water removed, and tho drains investigated before the new bouses aro built. I will just let you see somo of the worst oases under my notice." - Sho produced a moraorandura-book,.and, turning over tho leaves, began to rend aloud tho mcdiaal verdict on some of the houses in the. alley. 4 Thorpe listencdinpcrfeotsilenco-asUcnce which might havo disheartened Dr. Miriam Lees, had she known him better. When she had finished reading her memos, she closed thu book and looked at Thorpo. " I am suro you had no idea of the stato of affairs, Mr. Thorpe, but now that you have, I think you will seo to the remedying of them at once. _ It must bo at onco, Jor the matter "Otherwise you will appeal to tho sanitary authorities, I supposo ?" Thorpe asked. His voico was not pleasant. Dr. Lees looked at him in surprise. " I do not think that will bo necessary, Mr. Thorpo. The matter is not one which con cerns you and your workpeoplo alone ; it is ono whioh concerns tho whole community. an cpidemio were to break out, as I have no doubt it woilld sooner or later, if theso houses are not removed, tho people in Garrow Alloy would not bo the only sufferers. In tho face of theso facts, I cannot doubt that you will at onco remove all risk by taking away tbo cause." " You seem to forgot, Dr. Lees, that you a new-comer in this town, and cannot oxpcot that your word should have the weight of older and moro experienced practitioners. None of the other physicians havo ever com plained to me about theso bouses. I cannot, thoreforc, simply on tho authority of ono who Is a oomparativo stranger in West Barnton believe that any suoh danger as you speak of is threatened." Thorpo's tone was a needlessly antagonistic ono. Dr. Lees drew baok a little. "But no one with any medical knowledge will deny what I say, Mr. Thorpo. Ask the other doctors if they do not agree with me. If you aro not satisfied with my word, como with mo to the alloy, and I will show you the "stagnant waters beneath tho very founda tions." "It is quito unnecessary, thank you," Thorpe ooldly replied. " Neither do I think it advisable to consult tho other practitioners, as you suffffest. Dr. Lees. I havo suflloiont oon- fldonoe in thom to bellove that thoy would not allow any danger of suoh a kind a 6 you indicato to exist in tho town without at onco making it known. As for yourself, you will oxouso mo if I say, Dr. Lees, that I am ono of thoso old- fashioned people who go by old and tried customs, rather than by new, and, until I havo learned that female intelligence in medical matters is deeper and moro ex tensive tlmu masculine, I shall continue to consult, whon I rcqulro to do so, my old medical friends." Dr. Lcc3 roao to licr feet. A slight color- so slight it would have been imperceptible on on a ruddier cheek— rose in her faco. Iler groy eyes, no longer critical, but openly dotiant, flashed liko a northern sea when tho angry lightning plays upon it, for Maitland Thorpo's tono was ono toQ saroastip, almost insulting, to be mistakon " In that caso thcro is no moro to bo said," sho answered, her own tono liko ice. " I am sorry I lmvo troubled you, Mr. Thorpe. Good evening." Sho turned to the door, and, almost beforo bo could rcaoh and hold it open, bad gone, bowing to him with moro coldness than ho bAd saluted hor with. Maitland Thorpe, returned to his desk, tho frown not gone from bis forohcad. He was not a churlish man by nature, lie had never in bis Hfo known himself disrespectful to any woman, and an uneasy irritation at his own conduct helped to aggravate his irritation at Dr. Lees, True, tho girl who could so unsex herself, ns he chose to call it, could expcot no bettor treatment than a man in her position Wuld receive j and that was just what bo had given her. But, as ho tried to argil o tho mnttcr from this point of view, the purely femininefneo of Miriam Lees, with its" largo, calm eyes," seemed to riso before him, and givo tho lie to his argument. Could any woman be unwomanly with such a faco ?" He wondered in tho days that foilowcd what. action she had taken in Also matter; whether she had thought tho best thing was to let htm scvcrly nlone, or whether sho had gono to tho Board of Bnnitnrian with her complaint. If sho had dono the latter ho was long in hearing about U, which might be ac counted for by tho foot thnt the Government authorities aro slow to interfere in a matter purely local. Once or twice he met Dr. Lees jn the street, and hud stifly lifted his hat, feellng'at tho juimo titno a curious nervous ness, which was so foreign to his naturo that ho hardly knew what tho emotion wns; ami she had responded with a cold dignity which sat not ill upon her. Tho encounter between Maitland Thorpe and the new doctor hnd, meanwhile been re tailed all over West Barnton, and tho ex pression of opinion, so far as society— always in fcmirtlne quantity— was concerned, was almost unanimous. Dr. Lees was generally accented as a most presumptuous, strong- minded, and unwomanly young woman, who ought to bo brought down to tier own level — a very low one in the eyes of West Barnton ladies -at once; and Mr. Thorpo had tho honor of being tho first to make her under stand what that level was. Only one lady ventured to raise her voico in Dr. Lees' behalf, and that ono was Mrs. Herbert ; but ns hor own much-thought-of brother was tho authority on which tho others founded their estimate of tho now doctor, Mrs. Herbert was speedily silenced. Threo months of West Barnton was lontf enough to show Miriam Lees that her lines had been cast in most unpleasant faces, so far ns her profession wns concerned, Among the poorer olnsses sho had many patients, for her fees were low, and the feminine con tingent of tho "hands" declared in favor of the lady doctor ; but sho had not ono among tho paying olnss, and from " society," pro fessionally and privately, sho was virtually ostraoiscd. Miriam Lees would havo been an augel, and not a woman, if sho bad been able to look on ' Maitland Thorpe, whom sho naturally set down as tho poraon who had turned tho wavo of publlo opinion agalost her, with feelings of kindliness, or oven of for giveness. It was tho month of December The weather was damp, unhealthy, open ; of tho kind whioh, says tho Scotch proverb, " mak's a fat kirkyard," and a dull enough one to poor Miriam Lees, who had been wondering if she might not snatch a few days' vacation, and go home to tho far-off Westmorland valleys, whero loving arms and hearts would receive her, when a terrible guest arrived At Wast Barnton. Dr. Lee6, summoned hastily one day to a poor " hand " of Thorpe's mills, found three of the children in ono bed, with crimson faces, parched tongues, and bad head and throat aches. With a tcrrlblo hand? clutching at her heart, sho prescribed and wont home, nromlslnir to cMl next dov. But next day father and mother were down In tho same house, and there were others in Garrow Alley ill with tho same symptoms. Dr. Lees could doubt no longer- That which she had feared and prophesied bad como to West Barnton ; and soon, from end to end, typhoid fever was fleroely raging. CHAPTER III. Tbo local doctors soon had their handB full nougb. Tho fever spread liko n plague from houso to house, and from street to stroot, and tho damp, unwholesome mist which lay low over tho town helped to retain and spread it. Tho faotorios woro almost emptied; day after dny Maitland Thorpe found fresh names on his liBt of tho fever-sieken. Tho wealthier pcoplo closed their houses and went elsewhere sometimes carrying the fovor with them. "Thorpe's" were always open, and Thorpe the younger went to and from them as usual. What his feelings were who could say 1 Ho could not dipguise from himself tho fact that It was largely through his perversity and obstinate self-will that this fearful plague had come upon the town. Every dentn of which ho heard, every hearse ho met in tho street, made him feel liko a murderer. Ho wished, yet dreaded, to meet Miriam Lobs face to face, that he might, as an honest man, make her the only reparation ho could, and confess that ho had been in the wrong. But ho did not. He knew that sho went about day and night with a strength and courage that never flagged ; that she pulled through doubtful eases as uqne of the other doctors did ; that she often sat up nights nursing the dying child of sickened parents, or tho dying mother of siokened children ; that when the children died she brought Hnon wherewith to cover them out of' her own slender purse, and. stoonina over them sho kissed ihMr folded hand, her own warm tears dropping upon them. Ail this Thorpe's own people told him ; ono man, with tears running down his toil-hardened cheeks, told of that last act of sweet compassion, adding, " Shoo's ono of tho Lords own angels for sure." And Malt- land Thorpo had turned away feeling as if a knife had stabbed him to tho heart. Ho, too, trifed to relievo suffering and provcrty, not in pity only, but as an atone ment; but what could ho do compared with that delicate young creature whom ho had so injured ? At last the fever demon, having devastated other homes, came to his also, Miriam Lees came in ono evening so weary that she could not rcmovo hor hat and cloak but sat down by tho fire in thom, waiting for a cup of tea to bo brought in by hcrsympatbctlc landlady, when a ring eamo to the door, Bho started upon her seat nervously, her dulled faculties all alert. The next momor.t tho door opened, and, as Miriam looked rouod thcro ontered looking seriously pale aod nervous, Maitland Thorpe. Ho spoke at onco, in low constrained tones. " I have como to ask if you will attend my father, Dr. Lees. Hols very HI with the usual symptoms. I would not havo troubled you if I oould have got any of tho other doctors; but I oannot. Iam asking a great doal of you ; but— will you como 7" For a moment there was no answor, and tho- two stood facing each other in siicnco. Miriam Lees had turned a littlo pale, with what emotion who could say? But her hesitation, if she had any, was onlv moment ary, for sho said almost immediately ; " I wiU'go with you If you will wait a few inlnutcfl," and then left tho room, followed by her landlady, who compelled hor to fortify herself with a cup of strong tea against the damp and cold without, In ten minutes she was following Thorpo out into the wet, dark night, and quietly faking her scat besido him in his dog-cart, the horse started off at a rattling paoo In the direction of Thorpo Hall. No words were spoken between tho -two. To Maitland Thorpe tho position was an inton6e(y painful and awkward ono. The rain, which had beon hitherto merely dropping, now began to pour heavily on Miriam Lees' unprotected head. Bho had no umbrella, but wore a soft tweed can, which Thorpo had onco dubbed " manlsh her oioak, though thick, was not waterproof. Thorpe taking from under tho scat of tho dog-curt a waterproof of his own, spoke at last: "You are getting wet, Dr. Lees. Allow mo," and he drew tho waterproof round her. Dr. Lees submitted in sllenco ; but she put up her hand to tbo collar of the waterproof, and U came incontact with Thorpe's. It was gloveless, small, and soft, and the fingers woro cold aud damp. A curious thrill, such as ho had never experienced before, ran through Maitland Thorpo. In sllcnco tbey drew up before tho mansion of tho Thorpes, and Maitland handed Miriam out of the dogcart, and preceded he? into tho house. Lights woro burning everywhere, and servants moved about noiselessly. Thorpo lcdhcrto-tho sick room, and loft her at the door, simply saying: "I shall await you In the library, next door, Dr, Leos." It was somo tlmo beforo alio entered tho library, and Thorpe, who had been restlessly pacing up and down, placed a chair for hor l>y tho fire. Bho did not take it, but stood by tho table, tier hand resting upon it : and her voice, when Bho spoko, was cool and steady. - "U is typhoid — a bad, hut not a hopeless, case. You mu.4 linvo nurses at onco ; a dny and a night one. I nhonld recommend. I havo left instructions nnd n prescription with tho housekeeper, who will tako chnrgo just now, I suppose. Thero in no tnoro I can do At present. Do.you wish mo to call npain ? " Her largo calm eyes met his coldly. Thorpo struggled to utter tho words of humblo apo logy and confession ho hod meant to abaso himself with ; thoy seemed to stick in his throat. ' " If you will consider it ono of your cases, I shall bo obliged " was all ho could say ; nnd Dr. Lccs bowed coldly, turning towards tho door. Thorpe foilowcd her, saying that tho dog cart was waiting hor outsldo, then, with an other cold " Good-night," she left him stand ing In his own halt, fooling moro humiliated and thoroughly miserable than perhaps bo bod cvor folt in his life. Old Mr. Thorpe's case was one of the worst in the town. For somo tlmo ho lay between Hfo nnd death, attended constantly by two nurses— for Mrs. Horbcrt, who had a young family, could not como to the house -nnd by Maitland, who hnd been do voted to his father all his life, and who seldom loft tho sick- Tho crisis oame at Inst, and Dr. Loes, neg lecting her other patients for onco, sat with the old man until it .was over. About 10 o'clock at night she entered the library, where i Thorpe was awaiting the verdict in almost unbearable suspense. She looked so strange ly palo nnd ghost-like as sho stood in the doorway, thnt Thorpo sprang to his. feet, fenring tbo worst, and nerving himsolf to meet the. blow like a man. But beforo bo coutd speak, sho hhd put out her hand with an impcratlvo gesture. " Ho has fallen asleep ; and tho crisis Is past. I am not afraid for tho futuro ; with great care and attention, ho will reoovor — slowly, perhaps, but none tho less suroly." " Thank God ! " said Thorpo qaiokly. Tho revulsion of feeling almost unnerved him for tho moment ; tho noxt, with a deep flush, ho had turned to Miriam. " Wo owo this, under God, to you, Dr. Lees —to you, whom I have insulted and injured beyond excuse. You havo shown so sublimo a spirit of magnanimity, that I cannot imagino you cherish any forgiveness towards mo : but, if it will afford you any satisfaction to know that you have humbled mo to tho earth as no revenge could havo bumbled mo, youliavcit. I feci liko a murderer; and you, who owo me moro hate than perhaps any human being, havo tried to make my sin and my punishment less." His voico was hoarse with conflicting feel ings. In his humiliation ho did not dare to look at her ; but when ho paused at last, Jiuickly. Sho was as palo as death, and cant heavily on the labia ; her lips moved, as if she were trying to speak, but no sound came from them. Thorpe, hastening to her side, would havo led her to a ohnir, but beforo he could do so, she swayed and would havo fallen to tho ground, had ho not caught her in his arms. Was she to bo tho last vlotim of his obstln-. ate self-will? With March, a colcl, cutting taBt wind sot Inflind the dregs of tho deadly disease wcro soon swent away, But it had left iri its train many a ut'Rolato.homo, many a fresh mound In tho churchyard. Maitland Thorpe, locking tho stable, as somo people said, aftor the steed was stolon, had ordered Garrow Alley to bo cleared of lis population, who were provided with temporary dwellings olsowhoro, and pulled down tho condemned houses In whosr walls tho germs of tho fever must still bo veered to tho sldr of tho ono person who had prophesied the sickness, and who had worked so unceasingly to stamp it nut until she her self fell a victim ; and tho bitterest of Miriam Lccs' female opponents dared no longer say that the frail girl now lying between lifo ana death had aotcd anything out tho part of a heroine. Dr. Miriam Lees was, indeed, slok unto death. It was not typhoid, the doctors snid, but a low kind of brain fovor, and evon moro likely to prove fatal to one whoso system wns so low. Miriam's mother bad been sent for, and was nursing the girl with unwearying devotion. It was then that West Barnton learned why Miriam had stepped out of her " sphere," for, somehow or other, It eked out that her fathor had been an extravagant idlor and a' gambler; and that .Miriam, to keep her mother and tho young family dependent on her, bad bravely resolved to faco tho world. Ah, poor brave, young heart, that had hoped such great things, and been so bitterly disappointed. Was it to cease its struggle now that its heroic task had beon accom plished ? Maitland Thorpe asked himself tho aucstion every day, as bo turned from the oor of Dr. Lees' lodgings with a shadow that daily grew deeper on his face and whioh was brought there by a feeling of xnisory that was now all remorse. But ono bright April day Miriam had struggled back to a feeble consciousness of lifo, and of hor mother's sweet face bending over her ; and then, by slow degrees, strength bognn to return, and West Barnton rejoiced in the knowlcdgo that Dr. Lees would soon resume her duties again. BtlH, overy day, that constant caller camo to Mrs, Masaoy's door, and every morning Miriam saw a fresh bouquet of flowers on her drewing-tablo. Bho . said not a word when she saw them there, so that Mrs. Lccs, who felt some motherly Interest, felt surprised and disappointed. It was ono forenoon when Mrs. Lees was out that Miriam saw her old enemy for the first time since her Illness. Sho was coming down the stairs, wrapped up in a large white shawl, whllo Maitlana Thorpo stood in the hall speaking to Mrs. Massey, and Miriam could do no less than ask him into the silting room. Ho followed hor In, but whon Miriam gavo him herhand— that helpful right hand which had so often fought desperately with Death, atiq sometimes ucicatcu mm, but which was now a mere shadow of Its form9r self Thorpo stood silently holding it, a curious feeling of constriction at bis throat, nnd a mixturo of shnmo and pity that was actual pain so pos sessing him that he could not speak. "Will you sit down, Mr. Thorpe?" said Miriam, at last. Sho, too, looked n little nervous nnd shakon, but no moro so than her tcrrlblo illness justified. Thorpo accepted the seat sho Indicated, nnd Miriam herself took a low chair by tho firo, Thcro was a momont's siicnco ; then, tho profcsflsionnl inntinot asserting itself in Miriam, sho asked; "Is your father gaining strength, Mr, Thorpe? I havo not hoard about him for a long time," "Hois nearly himself again, thank you," answered Thorpe. Thon words came to bim suddenly, and he went on rapidly : "You will bo glad to know that all your suggestions havo boon adopted, Dr. Lees. Garrow Alloy is to bo demolished from' end to end. . . You will say wisdom after tbo event is usually dearly bought ; and you nre- jtistified In saying that, and muoh moro, It you will, I acknowlcdgo that you havo tbo right to do so -tho right of tho ono who has conquered. I cannot undo tho past ; that Is always tho punishment of fools &«£ knaves. Tho lives sacrifl«2 (o my stupidity and stub- oornncss can never bo brought took again. The pain or annoyance I have caused yon in tho post can nover bo blotted out by anything 1 now can do. That is my punishment, and your rovenge." Miriam lifted up her hoad and looked at bloii Bomfilhtflgmher ejei- thoje cjulotly. orltieal oyes whoso expression had always dis concerted liitn— mndo him pause suddenly. A dark Hush mounted to his faco ; ho rosfl. from his chair and came a littlo nearor hor. "It is tho last time I sltall speak to you, if you doslro thnt it shall bo so," ho said, a littlo hoarsely ; " nnd thereforo I may as well tell you tho wholo truth, Dr. Leos, that you may know how complete is my punishment and your rovongo. You havo conquered mo In overy way. You havo humiliated mo to tho dust by proving that I was wrong and you wcro right ; you conquered iny enmity by noblo generosity; and now, to make my humiliation complete, you havo brought tno to lovo you. . . .1 havo snid it; nnd now comploto my punishment by sending mo from you for over." But instead, Miriam Lccs, looking just a littlo paler than before, rose nlso, nnd, stand ing quito oloso to him, naked in a low tono— "Does your lovo for mo humiliate you, then? Is It bcc&uso; I am a professional woman?" " I deserve that yon should ask thnt," Thorpe answered quiotly, though ho winced a littlo. "Yes I was wrong in saying it humiliated mo ; for I am proud of loving, bowovor hopelessly, the best and noblest woman over known." " Ana v snta aiiriaro, inying tnnt poor ' littlo shadow of a hand on his sleeve, but very, very near his own band, " of having conquered tho most stubborn and unyielding man in tho world, and— tho man I— lovo." " You— lovo mo— Miriam ?" Baid Maitland Thorpo, liko a man in a dream. And Miriam, as her hand slipped a littlo nearer his, whispered, " That is my Woman's Revengo." 