A GHOST HURTER'S STORY. ? -* ? In a secluded little. Essex village it wag that a writer for Cassell's Saturday Journal recently came, across an individual who, in addition to being1 a market-gardener, was famous locally as a ' ghost clearer.' His spectre-routing* services are seldom now required. Apparitions appear each year 1 acid QQi finrv* ikon f/irrvonltr f /% lin*vm r\ Avrjtr* But the man in question enjoys a huge reputation for weird services r&ndered; in the past. 'I've cleared some of the worst ghosts in the county,' said he convincingly, ' and they used to take a deal more getting rid of than they do now. When I first started, there were scores of places, barns in particular, that were haunted. Bags of grain used to be cut and thrown about, and doors unlocked so that animals escaped and were lost. There was even a haunted windmill that used to grind away on nights when there wasn't a breath of air stirring, and the machinery was out of gear. But for the most part they were knocking and tapping ghosts I had to deal with. How I came to take up the job was like this. An old farmer had died suddenly. His farm was put up to be let, but for a long time no one took it. Then, when a tenant was found, he quickly cleared out again. A ghost had entered into possession, which at intervals during the night, knocked on doors or shuneru, three slow and solt, and then three quick and loud knocks. The owner offered half-a-sovereign to anyone who would spend a night on the premises, and I agreed to do so. I took wiih me a lantern and a thick ash stick, and when about eleven o'clock the others left me, I sat just inside the open door listening. About ten minutes after midnight there came the knocks, seeming about half way across the room. At once I knocked back, and silence followed. About three o'clock they came again. I answered, and did so as it was getting light. Other people had once previously heard the noises ; contina nnalv oil r\in»fi f* Innn* rm$ f Via r*fir*af A* A «/?*♦ uuw* j (*** uiguu luugj uuu vuo euuau uiu uua go. He was at it .again nest night, and after watching three or four nights, and knocking back each three times, I began to think the ghost had meant to stop there, when the idea occurred to me to sit; in the dark and see if I could hear anything. Punctually at 12 o'clock came the raps. I waited. They were immediately re peated, and then I answered. A terrific knocking at once began so loud as to nearly stun me. It got fainter and fainter and died away to nothing. I never heard it again. And I have iound necessary in all ghost-clearing jobs that you must be alone in complete darkness. Have I ever seen a ghost 1 Can't say I have. There are two sorts of them. The ones that haunt the old mansions, which glide about and can be seen but never create the slightest noise save a faint rustling, and those which can't be seen, and yet give knocks and throw things about and do damage. I once wanted to ' lay ' one of the first sort, but when I went to the country seat where it walks in a corridor, the master said that; he valued the spectre as much as the avenue of elm trees or the large hall for which the house was noted, and he would not have it interfered with for worlds. Do I believe in them ? Most certainly 1 do, and bo do many others, or I should not have made what I have by clearing them. Yea, sometimes, of course, they are frauds. There was one ghost that drove away a poultry iarmer by a dreadful moaning roise at night. The man took to sleeping some where else, and whenever the ghost was heard some of the poultry would nest day be missing. I offered to try and clear the place, and was allowed to make the attempt. A window was left unfastened for me to eDter by, and I had not been in the house many minutes before I heard quick foot steps in the kitchen, and then 8 long whis pering followed. A smell of tobacco smoke reached me. About an hour passed. Then footsteps approached. Feeling sure that I had human beings to deal with, I scrambled silently out of tbe window. again, and crouched in the bushes outside. A second later a dark form appeared at the window. It raised a long carbdoard cone to its mouth, and produced a weird, moan ing sound. I immediately put my hands round my mouth and, as loudly as I could, imitated the wail. There was a sudden yell, answered by another from the kitchen. The 'ghost' leaped into my hrms, where I held him until I had recognised him as a poulterer's assistant from the town. That little business brought me in £5. 