THE PRICE OF A SLAVE. Bud and I eat ob the high banks of the ravine Watching tbe gophers on the othir ride. W« was mad that morning, for Alvira had told on us again—sbe was alwrys doing it! We livefl on a farm. Alvira's our tister, and at that time the went to tbe town tchool; I s'pose tbat'i wby she pat on so many airs. . After we'd srarrd the gophers into their holef we sat still and thought awhile At last 1 •aid— "Bod, wbatll you do pay her up ?" Now Bud's kind of chicken- hearted; be neves can think of anything very bad, much less do it; so. to g<v« bim time, I made a checse of my skirt, and kept whirling all tbe way along tbe bank to the cellar, where pa bleaches tbe celery, and bade again without ever falling down enoe. When I get beck Budjaskcd— " Wbatll you do, Joatina, to pay her up f I like to ecare Bod, and make bim look up to me; eu I crossed my eyes and showed my te» tb, like we do when we tell tbe Indian story to tbe new scholars that oomo to our schuoL, and says, way down in my throat— " 111 sell her for a slave !" " Oh. Josty," cried Bud, " bow awful! Would jen • " I would," I answered : and to show him bow ooeoncerned I was I took a torn down the bank of tbe ravine on our toboggonslide. • We don't have a chance to slide much 'caus* pa makes a terrible fuss abont that cellar door, and we have to get Hans Francis to pall it up every time befoie he gets home from town, f* We keep on tbe good side of Hans Franca by telling bim dinner's ready before we call the ether men, so's ho can ga in firet He likes Christie, oar bired girl, and 1 s'pose they'll get married some day, and then we won't have any more sliding, and I'll have to wash the diahes, too. It does seem as if everything goes wrong in this world ! After I'd slid down the ravine and walked up again. Bud said, kind of reproachfully— •« Josty, there ain't no such thing as a Slavs, They're all free." Of course I knew there wasn't any more black slaves, but I didn't think Bud did, so I was kind of at a low what to answer, when all at once I thought of what ma said one time about Brown's, overaouth of us : " Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to that man !" So I says to Bod— " There's slave's now, just tbe ssme's ever. Mr. Brown's wife is one." Bad thought awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown would take Alvtra. I have to langh at Bad sometimes, he's so innocent. " Of course he wouldn't," I answered. "But we could sell ber to a man who hadn't a slave already—an awful mean-looking tnan." Bud began to weaken at this, so I went on— "Of course we couldn't net anything for ber; we'd probably have to give the man something to boot, to get him to marry her; but I guess if you'd had to wear ber old clothes, as I have, yau'd be willing to do most anything to get rid of her. Look here," I went on, standing up •nd holding out my apron; " its made out of her old skirt. How'd you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Bud:" "Well, I'd want it made into pants first," answered Bud, kind of hesitating. "Yes," I said, " and every boy that saw you would say, ' There goes Bud Sybester with his sister's *kirt on I'" " They wouldn't!"' cried Bud, gettirg red in the face. " It'd be sewed into breeches !"' " They'd know it just the same, and they'd ask you if you bad a heirloom on." This brought Bud over to my way of think' iug. as I knew it would, for if there's anything in this world that makes him mad, it's to be made fun of. We couldn't think who we could get to merry Alvira, and we went over and Baton the cutaide greenhouse door, that slants, and talked it over. There was no one mean enough to suit us bat 13d Rickcts, the man that tends to pa's celery. They plant it out in the field all summer, over rows of tiling; and wo don't like Ed, 'cause one time when be put the hose in one end of a row to run the water across the field we changed the nozzle, when he wasn't ooking, into the moat around tbe csstle we'd built; then we forgot about it. and the moat overflowed ai d floodid the field. Now if it had been Hans Francis he never would have told ; but Ed did It was dice and sunny on tho greenhouse door, and we'd taken our time to it, and said all the mean things about Ed Rickets we could think of, when all at onrt the door began to raise up. After we'd rolled off Ei Rickets stuck bis head rut and said— *• Aw, now, you're just joking, ain't yon ?" Just wait till we pay him up ! Then we went along the creek to hunt for ni;g r heads, and while we was there wj come acrurs a man walking aloDg with his bands bebin 1 him. I thought as soon as I saw him that he would make a good slave owner, and 1 just asked him if he was married. He lsnghej, and wanted to know where we •prang from. Bud told him we didn't spring at all; we was just hunting around ; and be asked bim what he was doing. He sobered up then and walked along with us, and said ho was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian relics. I arked him what Indian relics was, and be said they was beads and hatchets and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long time ago ; and did we know of any mounds around here ? That set me thinking: I did know uf one, and I winked to Bud to ketp still; then I said to tho prof< ssor— " What'll you give for an Indian mound ?" He langhed, kind of surprised, and said if it was genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I was after, and he asked— " Mr. Profisror, are you married r" "Wby do you want to know that?" he rtplied, laughing. Then I whispered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and we decided we'd better tell ihe professor the whole thing, and make him an offer. So we told him if be wasn't married, •nd would marry our fitter Alvira and make her a slave, we'd give bim the Indian mound and call it square. Ho laughed tbe most I ever seen anybody Uugh, and a*kcd us if we meant it. Then he inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and if she was pretty and everything. I told him yes, she was: and tbe Indian mound was a good one, 'cause I'd got somn beads out of it 1 could show him. He then asked us right out where it was—ss if we were such fools as to tell! Bud says, "Oh, no, you don't!" and winked. This made the professor kind of mad, and he walked aiound a bit with his hands in his pockets , then he asked— " Where can I see your sister ?" Bud told him we'd fix that, and he must swear he'd never tell a word of what we said to Lim, for we wouldn't show him the Indian mound. After he'd done it we asked bim to go to the big greenhouse while we was eating supper that night, and we'd come down and bido him where he could 6ee Alvira when we brought her there. I forgot that that was the night when Hans Francis smokes the greenhouses, and we did have an awful time of it. We putthe professor in a kind of crib in the forcing-house. After anyene got in it was pretty bard to get out again; then, too, it was very dusty. The smoke of burning tobacco atems is all terj well when you're used to it, but when von ain't—well, you just cut stand it, that's all. And, besides, the professor didn't know what was burning; be thought the whole house wa« on fire. However be got out of that crib I can't jg^MV •• we'd all got an a ago? around tho outer edge of one of the furnaci pits, and Alvira was going to tell tbe fir>t ghost story, like we always do nights when they smoke tbe greenhouse, and the smoke was se thick you could scarcely see tbe rrib, all to onct some one dropped out of it, hollered " Fire 1" and ran. If there was an inch in all them 10 greenhouses that the professor didn't run or fall over I'd like to knew it. I think be upset every single thing that wasn't nailed down before he got oat Hans Francis was carrying tbe little •beet iron itora tbey burn tbe stems in from one bouse to another, and tbe professor bad to knock It endways, of course, just as pa fell into tbe fnrnare pit. Well, the " burglar n got awsy, so I beard 'em telling tbe neighbours. I'm sure I couldn't say, 'cause Bad and I aneaked off to bed about that time. We didn't see the professor again for some days, and then we found him one morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. He didn't act at first as if he was glad to see us, and even when Bad told him we hadn't a tiling against bim be just looked at as in surprise and said— "Well, if yon are not the most impudent children!" I don't think that was very polite! After a while be came around, and asked m bow our lovely sister was, and then we fixed it up to •have him call upon pa some evening to consult bim about books. He could come home on Friday evening, so's Alvira would be at heme; •nd I'd fix it so that she'd come into the room. I heard ma calling me then, and I had to go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got things mixed, and told the professor to come Saturday evening instead. When Friday night came I got Alvira to Jlx up by te'ling her I was most sure I beard pa invite one of the Briston boys over. I knew ebe couldn't prove anything by pa, 'cause ha forgets awful bad. The professor didn't oome that night, and I couldn't imagine wby. 'cause Bad had gone home with Coasin Willie, and never told me. Saturday night we was all except pa tired out, and went to bed early. I never seen such a person as pa is—he'll sit up till two in the morning and read Byron's poems. Our house is pretty big, but what with having so many bired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all tbe week in town, and when she cams home Friday night she had to sleep on a sofa in a little recess in our parlour. Now our house ain't built like the houses in town ; it don't have a front hall, so when you open the front door you step right into the parlour. After everybody was aileep in tbe honse but pa, there was a knock at the front door. Fa's a dear, good man, and we just wouldn't take anything in tbe world for him, but he's the awfulost pi rson to forget! On this occasion he forgot all about Alvira. He brought a lamp and set it on the parlour tablo, and then opened the door. Of course it was the professor—what other luck could you expect ? Pa iusi«te I on his coming right in, and when be found out who he was they began to talk about books. Alvira soon woke up, and just had to lay there with the bright light shining in her face, and tho?e two men sitting qmte near her. They couldn't see anything except her face and head, as the recess was partly curtained off, and the sofa almost entirely hidden. But her head was enough; it looked awful. It's tbe style now to wear your hair crimped; Alvira curls her short hair with a rurling iron, but tbe crimping she dees on big hairpins, which it ick out every way and made her bead look real funny By this timo ma and I was up and trying to save ber; we could see her through Ihe crack of the door, her cheeks like fire. She was so angry with pa that I just expected to sec her fly at bim ; and there pa sat, gently 'stroking his whis-kers and smiling, the very personifies tion of goodwill to man. Ma stood back in the fitting-room, where tbe professor couldn't see her, and made frautic motions to catch his eye; and when at last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do ? In stead of taking the hint and excusing himself he just stopped abruptly what he was saying, and turning upon ma a beaming smile asked her what she wanted. Of course ma had to go into the parlour then and tell pa to bring bis company out into the sitting-room. There was a smile around the professor's moustache all the rest of tbe evening, and he looked at me once and winked. Pa liked him very mucb, aud he sat and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, 'cause I was a bright one. He camo to our house lots of times after that, and as soon as Alvira was tbrough school he married ber; but my ! you never could make Alvira believe Bud and I milde that match; sbe thinks the professor fell in love with her. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing ber with a lot of crimping pins on her head ! Alvira is the most deluded creature! We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never could have guessed lliey dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all he had to do was to go inside of the cellar and dig straight out in a certain place, and there was the heart of tbe mound. We found our beads richt on the cellar wall, and we didn't know it was a mound till I thought of it. The professor dug right in with a shovel and bis hands. The idea of putting your hands in such a mess I You'd never catch me doing it! 