? Lame. Fishy, Shady. Warm. Cantata. Flying kites? Warming up. Large holdings. Farms too large. "Off the Track/' Unsportsmanlike. Ebby stood alone. " Flower Queen." Bright sunny day. Lead on, Macbeth- Any one can sneer. Both Houses again. A revolting offence. Embezzlers trapped. Opposition nowhere. Law Reform shelved. Burlesque legislation. Austral off to London. Parson Berry explains. Thin end. of the wedge. Novelties/or Christmas. Ebby again troubles'ome. Ministerial gang exultant. Sixteen days to Christmas. Early-closing Bill doomed. Fresh theatrioal attractions. Old Ebby accused of yelling. Quite an army of Thespians. Estimates now being rushed. An alleged embezzler arrested. When is Ebby off to Zuloland? Custom receipts still increasing. Assembly wasting time on fads. Trouble m store for wmemakers. Sick Man's career about finished. Mr. Noel Buxton off to England. A host of lawbreakers by-and-by. Prohibitionists losing their heads. Musgrove made an ideal Manager. German editors having a bad time. Great Britain aud Russia in accord. Moral victory for Whinham College. Bill for the Protection of Vineyards. Professor Bensly going for a holiday. The Hospital, honesty, and fair piay. Assembly sat till aEter 2 this morning. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 30*01. Closer Hettlemsnt Bill pleases noliody. Australian cyclists back from England. Petition against the Early-Closing Bill. Ebenezer has another serious prievanoe. Interesting interview with Joe Darling. Farmers now know who are their friends. Wheat stationary—thanks to Government. Wonderful gold returns from South Africa. • President Ghaffey can't stand Ebby's yells. Drought Farmers' Fund now nearly £7,000. 1 Some chance of losing Ebby. No such' luck." Spain again threatened by Brother Jonathan, Another version of that copper mining spec, The Phvlloxera Bill has a lot to commend it. i Vignerons believe in the policy of self-' help, . . j Mr, A. H. Clark has tad plenty of eipe* rienoe. Driving home tbe compulsory repurchase policy. Premier actually eony yesterday for his ill tongue. Appeal from Philip Ignorant to Philip Denser. British wheat crop much above last year's average. Our only Booker will not leave us for London. . Tbe'Portonians will have a treat on Friday evening. Farewell brilliant organ recitals -by.Mons. Wiegand. Kaffir corn arrived to the order of King O'Malley. Ru.'us Goode h&e; tbe makings of aq interesting speaker. Premier funked the Assembly with the Law Reform Bill. The sailors are helping a good cause—Q.B.L new building. \ And when he falls, he falls like Lucifer never to hops agaiu. Mr. J. Gordon' prepared the Police Super-' animation Bill. The Chief Justice confessed yesterday that be was over 60. A bumper house is sure to fill the Port Town Hall on Friday. Law lieform Bill referred to the Court of: Public Opinion. There are eight white "men to one white woman in India. Quarterly meeting this evening of League of S.A. Wheelmen. Detectives in the other oolpnies having a bit of globe-trotting. "Don't miss the "Flower Queen" at North Adelaide to- night. Attorney-General -wishes to abolish articles and examinations. Mr. Frank Thornton, of Private-Secretary fame, has returned. Sultan impressed with the union between Great Britain and Russia. Australian wool likely to be stjH further boycotted by Uncle Sam. C. C. K. grows eloquent as he builds up an 1 argument upon ignorance. Opposition roducad to the level of being illustrated by Dick Wood. Mr, Noe! Buxton returning to England to resume his business duties'. Nine members of the Australian Eleven will be playing here next week. Great Britain and Russia now agreed as to disposal.of the "Assassin," Mr. Goode is a thoroughly well-read man, bat- not yet a ready debater. Not much early-closing about the Parliament or the Criminal Court. Gallantry demands that the "Flower Queen" should be patronised. Premier convicted Wood of his own particular 6in—political somersaulting, Kvening sitting of the Assembly graced by ladies eager for a Hospital debate. Our Bov;' Institute and H.M.S Karrakatta Variety Troupe shortly at the Port. Sun rose at 4.29 a.m., sets at 6.50 p.m. Moon rose at 8.41 a.m., sets at 10.42 p.m. - Messrs. Megson, Payne, ana Lewis not so successful as they would have liked. Mr. Grainger iooked on Mr. Whitington as the 1)3$t accountant in South Australia. Root's cantata, the "Flower Queen," by the Archer-street Sunday-school at the Institute. During the past eleven years £350,000,000 were sent out of England for wheat and flour. Ebby would now prefer to spend the remainder of his life with Zulus or other savages. The Ghost of Macbeth ought to w^rn the head of the profession against murdering his best friend. Chief Justice does not think a man over sixty is necessarily unable to discharge judicial duties. • "An empire cannot live by muscles alone; it must have brains," said Lord Rosebery in. a recent address. There is no speoial cause of surprise in the chief attack of the Premier being directed against an absent man. Were the Married Women's Protection Bill passed, Ebby would hold the colony in contompt. How dreadful. Premier quoted Shakspeare, and it sounded in the gallery like a summons to the ghost o'f Macbeth to the Banco Court. There should be a crowded attendance at the Town Hall this evening to hear Mons, Wiegand's masterly orsan recitals. Superintendent Booker's application for the position of Superintendent of the London Fire •Brigade was ruled out of order. The sense of smell of an elephant is so deli, cate that the animal can scent a human being at a distance of a thousand yards. Publication of senior and junior public examination delayed owing to the non-receipt of pacers examined outside the colony. Hi* Honor expressed his horror at the enormity of the offence, and sentenced the prisoner to two years' imprisonment. Nearly all the Treasurer's statements were grotesquely inaccurate, and their evident purpose was to throw dust iu the eyes of the peonle. Mr. Kingston wants to go one better than tho Inns, which admitted barristers after eating a number of dinners. He would omit the dinners. Dr. Huggins, the well-known astronomer, says the stars are red, white, and blue accord ing to their ages. The. white stars are the youngest. D . . ,, • - - By then- unaccountable action in suppressing enquiry the Government say m effect, if the investigation is allowed to continue these doctore will be proved guilty . "There are more things m heaven and earth jire^ Horatio^" Did the 0 " immortal bard """ know anything about Mining Companies? The Hon. K. Ward said he would rather spend the remainder of his lifa with Zulus or other uncivilized tribes than in South Australia if the iniquitous clause were passed as it stood. What theatregoer doesn't remember Frank Thornton in "The Private Secretary," in "'Charlev's Aunt," and in that beautiful little piece, '"^weet Lavender." "Last time, Clem, my boy!"' Instead of going to Zululand Ebby ought to chancre his mind, borrow the' Premier's voice, and betake himself to New Zealand, where booonldsing '-Tell me, ifaori, how to woo thee." Wi'hin the last twenty years 120 new peerages have been created, while fifty-four have become extinct; nearly half the peers and baronets have inherited or rr-eeived their titles within the last ten years. The rale of averages must be applied as a test, and Dr. Napier seems to be accused of having made more serious blunders in a few weeks than had been charged against all tho other TiraccitioiiPrs dnrir.g a lonf; Aries of years. " But by straining the law aud everything else to prevent the real facts of the matter being disclosed for the information of the public, the Ministry are strengthening in many minds the impression that they dare not let the truth be known." 