flow BAUTISTQ’S PLOT ! A STORY FROM HISTORY. Rain fell in torrents from tlie grey black clouds. In the heart of the storm i little body of English dragoons was sullenly splashing and floundering along the drenched road between Gran id ilia and Robledo. They were soaked to the skin and faint from long fasting, but their gloomy silence was due to neither rain nor hunger. After a hard-won victory —the famous tight of-Talavera—they were retreating before the French forces, and this filled them with rage and shame. Reside the grim figure of Sergeant Major- Barton, Lieutenant Trevor . was riding with slack reins, leaving his clover mount to pick her own way in the rutty road. A trooper. galloped alongside, and saluted. “Major Bruce wishes a few words with you, Sir.” • Major Bruce, who was in charge of j the little force, was'a-man Qf obstinate and headstrong temper. “Well, Trevor,’’ he said, as. the hand some, young, subaltern came abreast of him. “we can’t be far from, the little village we noticed-mn t-lie map — San March, was.-it not Vf-Send forward a sergeant and'a couple of men to-find the road;-and to gpt'h'ewS'from the first peasant they see. If Sail Marco is near we will hait there .for the night.” The lieutenant gave the requisite or ders. the troopers appointed pushed on ahead, and the rest of the little caval cade continued its inarch. Soon the scouts returned, the ser geant with a terrified Spanish boy be fore him in the saddle. The major, frowning at the small and shrieking captive, addressed him stern ly in the best Spanish he could muster. “ Stop your shouts, you howling brat, and answer,or I will have you shot. How far off is San Marco? Which is the way? And—no lies, mind, or you are lost—have you seen any French sol diers in this part since the last English troops went by?” The prisoner—a tiny, brown-skinned, dark-eyed peasant boy, perliaps ten years old—was more terrified than ever by these awful threats. “Let me try, major,” said Trevor at last, and lifting tlie little captive on his own horse, trotted a few paces apart, talking soothingly in Spanish to the boy meanwhile. “No. I am" not English, my boy,” he repeated, reassuringly, adding sotto voce: “I’m Scotch, though. And I won’t eat you. I am going to take you home. Where do you live? San Marco? Ah, I thought so! And what is your name? Pedro Scera — that is a fine name, isn’t it?” In ten minutes he had pacified the lad. and learnt all he could tell—which was not much. San Marco was two miles off on the,left road. “Mother” was there. “Mother” worked at some place whose name he could not pro nounce, and Pedro had seen no French men. Soon after the troopers trotted into San Marco—a mere desolate cluster of huts—with Pedro perched on Lieuten ant Trevor's horse and chatting mer rily of his parents, and of the fierce bulls he had seen on the hills. The troopers were quartered in barns and stables; the senior officer, with his lieutenant and two . sergeant-majors, saw that sentries were posted and troopers and horses safely bestowed for the night before making for the filthy little inn, their temporary headquar ters. At the inn door they were met by an enamur,;.„-iio in troduced himself as Bautisto Muerta, steward to Don Miguel de. Flores. Ilis master, lie explained, had fled to Por tugal—this cruel war had ruined him— but such poor quarters as the don’s house, El Castello. afforded wore at the English officers’ service. “Better stay here, among the men,” suggested Trevor to his chief. “What, in this hole?” retorted the major. “There is not the ghost of a Frenchman for miles; no one has seen a sign of one. No. I will leave Ensign Fancourt in charge here; he can speak the lingo as well ns any of us. We will ride up at once,” lie said to the steward. “Pardon, but this is not. possible, senor,” replied Muerta. “Tlie road is very steep, and difficult for horses even by the day.” “ Very good, then, we must walk,” said tlie English leader. “And you two men. Barton and Ward, had better come, too.” “Barton, bring my holsters.” whisper ed the lieutenant. Major Bruce took no such precautions. A stiff climb up the hillside in the un certain light of a clouded moon brought the party to El Castello—a rambling, desolate old house, unlit, save for a flickering light in one window. Fol lowing Muerta iuto the empty hall aud up a broad stairway, the dragoon en tered a long salon. Dark old family portraits occupied one wall of the room, a few articles of heavy oak furniture stood about, and a couple of caudles were burning on a small plain table, on wliic-h a tasty repast was spread. The major’s eyes glistened at tlie sight of two bottles of wine. A comely woman of middle age, who was busy at the table, looked curiously at Lieutenant Trevor. “Shall I show you your room, excellency?” she asked in Spanish. “Never mind that now — lot's have some supper. I am famished,” cried the major. His junior courteously de clined the woman's offer, and the meal commenced. Muerta stood behind the table, obse quious, but watchful. He left his post for an instant, however, to close : the door after the servant on her entry with a fresh dish; as she passed Trevor, she whispered in his ear, “The wine— beware!” and instantly emptied his glass and Barton’s into a dish she was removing. - There Was no time for more ere Bau tisto resumed iiis post. Trevor, startled by his strange warning repeated it in English to Barton, Jaugbing meanwhile, as if at a joke lie was making, and rely ing on tlie steward's ignorance of the language. But he saw with dismay that Major Bruce and the second ser geant-major had already drained a glassful each of the beverage so strangely denounced. Supper being ended, the table was cleared, pipes were filled, and tlie four dragoons settled down to a lazy hour be fore going to rest. Tlie subaltern,still brooding over his inexplicable warning, saw his superior officer and Sergeant Major Ward were already nodding in their chairs, and his uneasiness deepen ed. Their host had left the salon pre ceded by the servant, and closing the heavy door after him. “Beg pardon, sir,” said Sergeant Major Barton, as soon as the soldiers were left to themselves, “hut that wo man knows something queer. The se cond time she came in she gave me a look and slipped a paper into my hand; here it is sir.” He produced a folded scrap of paper with a few words scrawled on it in Spanish: “Why, oh why, would you not let me warn yon earlier? Muerta is a traitor. I am sure of it—he sent a sec ret messenger an hour since. The French—the fifth panel from the win dow-” The note ended abruptly, as though the writer had been suddenly, disturbed. ; : - “The fifth panel!” repeated Trevor in bewilderment and alarm. "What can she mean?” He sprang to his feet, seized his pis tols, and-strode to the door. It was fastened! He shouted aloud to Muerta. —all was silent in the house save for the echoes his cries awakened. The stout oak door defied the shock of his weight and Barton’s. 1 "Bouse Ward and the major, man quick!” he cried; but the sleepers could not be stirred by all Barton’s shouts and pushes. Escape by the window, with two helpless comrades, Trevor saw to be impossible. "Trapped!” he said, bitterly, at last,' and then muttered again: “The fifth panel—what can she mean?” He paused before the panel denoted. Tt bore the portrait of a soldier in fif- . teoutli-century war gear, and seemed to differ in no way from the others. He tapped the wood-work with his sabre’s hilt; it tang hollow. He tried the next nud the next; they sounded muffled and dead. ‘ “I have it!” he shouted. “There is a chance yet. Quick, Barton, drag that big bench before the door,pile tlie chairs . , on it—anything to barricade the door!” .; The puzzled sergeant-major obeyed: “It is a. sliding-panel, man,” the lieu tenant cried; “we must find tlie spring . of it.” With eager fingers they searched amougthe scrolls and flowers carved on the heavy oak frame, but no spring'or " | nob repaid their search. I " Iii desperation, Trevor drew one of his horse-pistols from its holster, cocked both triggers, and tired at the I head of the portrait. The heavy bul lets tore the canvas and splintered the wood-work beneath. Leaping on the table, ho peered through one of the holes just: made.aud shouted. “I can see a faint light. Barton. Lend a hand to smash this in!” Together they crashed the panel in with the table, their comrades sitting like statues throughout the din. A gating passage was disclosed.-faintly, lit by a side grating. Voices and foot steps echoed in the hall. “In with you.” the lieutenant cried ; and Barton, bent nearly double under' the weight of his brother sergeant major, clambered from the table inter the opening. With his sword in his right hand, and the major’s limp body across his shoulder. Trevor followed, kicking over as he went the one candle that had remained alight. A voice at the salon door cried in “Yield yourselves, dogs of English F You are trapped!” The barricade cracked and groaned; as the door was thrust inward. Groping along the dim passage, strife ing against beams, and choked with dust, the two soldiers, with their help less burdens, reached and descended a. steep flight of steps, unbolted a low door at the foot, and passed out in to the moonlight. “Halt!” cried a deep voice from the shrubbery behind the fugitives, and then added, in amaze: “Well, be j'abers, ’tis the liftinent and Barton, bhoys!” “Yes, here we are, Denny,” answered Trevor. “Post a strong guard at that gate, quick!” A dozen Frenchmen, followed by the traitor Muerta, issued one by one through the low door, and one by one were seized and tied. “Any more gintlemin a-comin’. sorr?” asked Trumpet-Major Denny, while the troopers roared with laughter. “That we must find out,” replied the subaltern. At that moment Ensign Fancourt carhe round the angle of the house, fol lowed by a dozen troopers, and the two little bands made a cautious search,but not. another enemy could be found. The main doors were ajar, and with had given Trevor such timely warning. “Who told you of our peril?” asked - the.lieutenant, turning to Ensign Fan court. “A little gipsy-looking boy brought a note in Spanish,” was the reply. The woman stepped forward. “ The French scouts were following you all day," she said to Trevor in her native, tongue, “but they were not in force en ough to attack you. Marshal Victor, offers a big bribe for every British offi cer captured, and the villain Bautisto’s plan was to drug you and then call in' the scouts. He suspected me, and would not let me leave the house, so I; sent little Pedro down to the village with a letter.” “We owe you our liberty, perhaps our lives!” said Lieutenant Trevor, warm ly. “You must love the English well' to risk so much for them.” “No,” she replied, lightly, with a care less shrug. “French or English, what is that to me who am neither? But you wore good and kind to little Pedro, he - told me, and—I am Pedro’s mother.” 