The South Haces. The Sooth Broken Hill Jockey Club Races were a great succesr-in some .respects mach more successful, indeed, than the B. H. J. C. Meeting held recently ; the pleasantness of the latter had no doubt whetted appetites for the suburban outing. The attendance was much larger than had been expected, and the racing was, on the whole, very good. Stewards and members of the committee wore black badges in memory of the late Mr. B. 3. Miller, who had been a strong supporter of the club, and whose name actually appeared on the official programme as a steward. The duties of secretary were carried out ably by Mr. C. H. Goodier, in the absence of Mr. Owen O'Neil. Mr. Quinn, the handicapper, was also absent; and at the request of the president (Mr. B. F. Holdsworth), Mr. H. J. Edwards framed the imposts for the laBt two races. The Flying Handicap needs little mention, as Recluse won easily; but the Hurdle Race is worthy of more than passing notice. Ghost, the winner, had performed indifferently at the B. H. J. C. Races owing to lack of condition ; but on this occasion he looked brighter, and 2 to 1 was freely laid on him. The public are usually good judges. They despised the chances of Lorna Doorne and Satan (the latter must not be confused with old Satan, who won races in Adelaide), but gave Logic a good chance if he jumped well. Logic did jump, and, considering the little schooling he has had, he jumped exceedingly well: but he íried to shirk the last two fences, and this gave Ghost the victory. The old, horse's "lepping" was the admiration of everyone; he caught Logic in the air at the last hurdle and seemed to land two lengths ahead of him. The run home was exciting, bub Tweedie bad the measure of the other horse all the way and landed Ghost a winner by a neck. He rode a splendid' race. . A protest against Logic disclosed the fact that his rider (Beames) had had his disqualification-which was imposed through having ridden at a pony meeting-removed by the A. J. C. in August last. Beames used to ride over big timber in Melbourne and Adelaide. A horse on which he scored several wins was Rover, a 'chaser owned by Howie. The Summer Handicap was a-good thing for Coorie. In the Farewell Handicap probably the mest exciting finish ever witnessed on the Barrier took place. Gitana (7st.) got the best of the start and led to the hali distance,1 where the favorite (Revenge 7st.) and Sweep (6st. 71b) closed on her. Revenge gob jambed in the centre and Gitana's boy could not use his whip ; so that Sweep .had the best of the running. As they flashed pasb the post it could only be con- jectured which horse, if any, bad won. The verdict of the judge (Mr. Penrose) was a dead beat between Gitana and Revenge, with Sweep a nose away third. The general opinion was " dead heat between the three." Revenge was fresher than Gitana, and he easily won in the run off. Young Claring bold, who rode the winner, is a promis- ing lightweight. The Forced Handicap fell to Recluse (Sst.), Eaglehawk (8st. 71b.) secocd, and Revenge C:st. 7lb.) third. The mare won easily. She «ill shortly be sent on a visit to King William. Mr. W. P. Page, formerly landlord of the Hillside Hotel, was present at the races, having just returned from Johannesburg. 