WOOING A PHANTOM. \\_OOMPLETE IN, THREE INSTALMENTS. TRANSLATED FROM THE ORIGINAL OF MAURICE JOKAI. By LOUIS FELBERMANN. At.t. Queen blind Riams Reseeved.1 I inherited about ton thousand pounds from my fathor. I had no taste for business, but a strong passion for agriculture ; and my dream hod always boon tho possession of an estute on whioh I might raise fine orops and roar magni ficent oattlo, importing tho rarest speoimens of live stock from abroad. Lot other inon specu late in thoir paper Btoclc and shares— in their Guanos or Chilian Nitrates ; I loved to speoulate in the harvest which might spring from my seed, us it sent up tondcr green shoots through tho soil, and in tho rain whioh might descend. This is a kind of speculation in whioh one may gain without another losing ; and upon tlio profits which it yields the bless ing ot heaven may bo askod with a clear con- soiouce. Yot I had sufficient commercial blood in my veins not to rush blindly into buying tho first property wliioh offered itself. I thought it better to wait until I oould seouro a handsome little estate at a low figure — say, £0,000 ; tho remainder to bo my worliing capital. I watched tho advertisements in tho news papers. One day I saw that a fine property up in one of tho mountainous counties, containing an ancient custlo, was to bo sold. It comprised 900 acres of urublo land and meadows, and 1,600 acres of forest, together with sundry buildings scattered over its urea. Tho prieo demanded was only £7,000. I wont to tlio lawyer representing tho vendors. Ho explained that tlio estate had belonged to a certain Count ICearnndy, who had inhabited tlio oastlo until Ms recent death ; and that his lioirs wished to sell it juBt us it stood, with its livo stock and plant, and oven with the furniture and piotures within the castle walls. "But if I do not want tho furniture and pio tures?" I inquired. " Oh, tho price would remain tho snmo — seven thousand — whothor you dosiro thorn or not. Livo' stook, plant, piotures, and every thing are simply thrown into tlio bargain." , "But do yon think that tho purchaser of an estute should ho compelled to wear the late pro prietor's old coats?" The lawyer laughed and said he thought nothing of tho kind. " Why do tho family wish to sell out?" I asked. . " One of the heirs, a soldior, lin's been killed on active service, tho second — his sister — has got manned, and tho third- oannot attend to business." . " What sort of land is it P" " Good — soino first rate, some second rate — very fine meudows— a stream running through the proporty and watering tho whole of it— a windmill and a sawmill,- whioh cuts tip tlio valuable forest timber, Tlio .ostato is well worth the moiioy, and will yiold a handsome inoomo." "Is there not somo drawhaok attaoliod to it?" . " Nono whatever," I had glanced at tho invontory of tho plant. This alone was worth £1,500. I wondered more and more why tlio present owners had decided to accept such a ridiculously small prioe. The- lawyor seemed to" divine my thought. " The reason why they are selling at so low a figure !h that a cluusa in the will of the testator makes it a sino qua non that the pur chaser Bliall' take over all his old servants — steward, valet, oonalunan, stableman, &o.;— and also allow tlio orphan girl ho udopted to remain living iu tho eastle. This is tlio only obstacle, and it is not u . serious one, for tho testator has loft all tlieso people ample pensions for lifo." " Why, that is no obstacle at all, for in any cose I must luivo'employed sueli sorvahtB. It is a good tiling they are already in tho castle." The lawyer gave a gesture of surprise as he said: ' ' , < "What, are you going to livo there your self?" " Of 'course I am." "In the castle ?" " Cortninly. You don't oxpoot mo to take rooms by tho month in the cottago of one of my farm labourers." "I had no idea you intended to livo thore." "Why not P Are there ghosts gliding about within its chambers ? — bloodstains on tlio ceil ings wliioli can't bo washed out? — midnight vainpyres suoh as Dumas described? So mueli the better — I am not afraid of them. Besides, I am only tho sou of a merchant, und no high born ladios will ' condescend to :visit mo from tho other world in rustling robes. And, more over, I intend to instal a elieoto factory on tho estate, and the Hindi' of cheese will send tho most obstinate glioHt about his business.". We both of us smiled, and when I had onoe more assured the lawyer that myuorves woro strong, ho said : " Well, then, there is nothing to hinder tho bargain." Tho deeds of transfer wore in duo oourso signed, and I now felt a' sort of ohildish curiosity and pleasure m possessing a eastle whioh wss reputed to ho haunted, aud hud its own ancestral ghosts. I myself oould bo frightened at none of tlieso things— I should only ho alarmed if one of my dobtors lmd rim away or one of my trouhlesomo creditors had oome baok to visit mo from the other world. But it would bo fun to sco tho people around mo grotesquely alarmed at nothing at all, and afraid to venture out at twilight into tho oourt- yard or ovon iuto the corridors. A few days lifter tlio completion of tho pur chase, I took louvo of my friouds, who would not soo mo for yours, and startod off by couch for my now residence. I had ulready writt'on to tho stoward tolling him to havo a light onrriage waiting for mo at tho last station, B ; and I found the vehicle, punctually thore. The oonalunan was dressed in mourning —I supposed that lie was mourning liis de ceased mastor. A long blnok veil hung from his hat, Buoh us is worn by tho drivor of a hearse. I always respect the sontimont of grief; but it was a llttlo unpleasant to' have this mail Bittirig besido mo iib though' ho wore driving the horses of St. Miohael. It wus a good thing that there was no blnok oloth on tlio horses themselves ; or people would oortainly have mistaken the whole thing for a funeral. Nevortlioless, I sot my mind at oaso, und wo drove off! I told tlio man to go as fiiHt us ho could, becauso it wits already dusk. It is true that he bundled tho rolnH vory well ; hut as wo travelled on I was not plonsed to hear tho fro- nuent deon sielis whioh ho uttered. Now arid then ho sighed with a sort of bellowing effoot liko a sleeping cow ; and whon I usked liiin what was tlio mattor ho would reply that it was impossible for him to toll anyone what a lond was lying on liis heart. Vory well — us long as he didn't break my nook. Occasionally ho would take out his handkerchief and apply it to Ms' face, as though in tears. But'ho drove very woli, nevortholoss. ' At longtli, whon wo wero descending a hill with otoop rooks on either side lie ooinmonccd to sob aloud. Then I took tho mattor soriously, and got alarmed. " What is tho matter? Why are you cry- iiigP" " Ought I not to ory, sir, when it was on tliiB very spot that I assassinated my own brothor P" "Your own brother ?" I exolaimed, aghast. " Yos, sir, my own brother." if" Did you do it on purposo P" "Yes— in oold blood." " . " Has your orlmo ever been discovered P "Novor. You nlono in this world know of it." The man relapsed into sobs, and I felt per plexed . us to whether I should givo him up to the authorities or retain him iri ray sorvioo. It wns a vory tioklisli thing to ohooso between — polioo on tlio one hand and Jiit-y on the otlior. I was fervently hoping that nono of tlio otlior servants of my housoliold had assassinated their, own brothers, when wo reached the village in the middlo of whioh tlio custlo was situated. It was a simplebuilding, with turrets in the centre, and with largo white stone walls around it. On the first storey ilvo windows had boon lit up to show tliut I wps expooted, , I " Tho servants know that I am comingP " .1 inquired of tlio ooaahinnn. " Oh yes, sir.. ' Thore, already, the guard awuits you," pointing to the figure of a man whioh stood in tho middle of , the road on a stono pedestal, and In the attitude of a military ealutri. This person hold in his hand a long stiok, as though it woro a gun, and, at my upproaoh, commenced to heat a drum and blow a trumpot with which lio was provided. Thon ho jumped down from' tho pedostal, and putting the stick botwoen his legs, ' as though hq were riding horsohaok, ho ran bofore my ofiringo like an outrider, and shouted inceBsuntly : "Make way there. This lord is lord ovon in tho regions bolow.'' " Tliis fellow must ho drunk," I Baid to tho coachman ; hut I rcocivod no sort of roply. Tho servants in tho house, though tlioy saluted mo whon they learned, by this noise, that it was I who had arrived, mado no attompt to quioton tho man, who was behaving so ex traordinarily. This puzzled mo muoh. When,, having dismounted, I got to the door of tlio' castle, this guard or watchman suddenly stopped dead and drew himself up like a statue, saluting again with military dignity. I looked into liis faco. It was tho most honest face I liad ovor seen, oxpressivo of. deep devotion. "Tliis man is not drunk," I said to mysolf ; "ho is simply ft littlo hit off his head." In tlio courtyard I saw a short man of abont fivo feot high, whom I inferred to bo tho huntsman from tlio greon collar lie woro. " Good ovoning, friend," I said. " Are you tho liunt6inau P" Tliis porson mado no reply to my inquiry. Ho measured mo with his oyo from head to toot, and then, drawing liimscif up proudly; ho folded liis hands behind Mm and walked off. What strango peculiarities tlieso sorvants -of mine possess, I reflected ; and how Bhould I get uceuBtoincd to their behaviour P Just as I was wondering thus a man ap proached mo with a very morry smile. Ho was un agilo, jovial sort of follow of about forty. His extraordinary faco was ono mass of wrinkles, from laughing, in wMch ho indulged at tho faintest opportunity. "Howover, sir," he said, "he's oxoitodyou. If you only know how eagorly wo havo awaited you. xia ! ha ! lia 1 Tho room has been warmed, and tho beds olearied. Ha, ha 1 I am so pleased that you urrivod safely. Ha, ha ! — lie, lie ! I am tlio most humblo valot of your lord- Bhip. He, lie ! " I blessed heaven that I had at lust - found a laughing man in the house. Yes, this good follow, I thought, wishes to make no secret of the fact that ho is delighted to sco me. At this momont tho couohman approached towards mo as though in order to speak. The valet draw mo asido. " Tuko no notice of that man," he said, "he is crazy — gono oleati off his head." ' Oil, I didn't know that. And how about tlio man who ran before my carriage as un out- ridor?" " Oh, he's olean gone, too." "This is a nioo oompuny to bo amongst. And what of that littlo follow who turned up his noso at mo just now ?" . " Ho is tho maddest of tho wholo orowd. His attacks eomo on monthly. Ho bolioves ho is the King of Lapland." " These peoplo havo been oarefully soleoted. Is tho stowurd at homo P' ."Yes, sir. Shall I coll him ?" "No, I will go mysolf." "Ha, lm, ha 1" I wus getting impatient at Ms laughter. "What is your namo P" Isaid. "Louis, sir. Ha, ha." "Tell mo, Louis, is it your habit always to luuglun this maimer?" " Oh, no, sir, I nover laugh. Ha, ha, ha." I was in a very nice pluco. This man was fool numbor four. "Now, my nenr Louis," I said, " Mndly go into convulsions of laughter and get it ovor. Then tako mo to tho stoward." He laid meanwhilo began to unpack my things in tlio best possible manner. His demeanour was one of oxcossivo politonoss, hnt whonever I said anything ho oxploded with mirth, as though I bad told him a' splendid joke. "Confound it," I said I tomyself. " I shall loqd a very charming life hero with all theso peoplo."' Tlio valot conducted mo to tho stoward, and I then lot him go. This stoward was a man somewhat past tho forties, of fino gentlemanly appearance, and olean shaved, excepting liis black moustaoho, his fore head being high and his oyohrows bushy. In figure he was slender and supple; and altogether lie looked far more like some high Stato oflloiiil than tho stoward of an estate. Immediately lio learned that I wob the present owner lie congratulated mo, aud told mo tliut I should find tho estate in proper order. Tlio deceased count, he said, was a passionate agriculturist, and was continually introduomp now features into the property, with vory gooc. result. He talked to me about tho oattlo, the ploughs, tlio threshing machines, and tho systom of irrigation employed on the land ; lie evidently liad a considerable votorinory know ledge, and ho went on to partiouluriso tho English pigs which I poBsosRed, tlio fine boars, and tho polled cows, which yiolded twenty pints of milk a day. With this highly intelligent man I- was greatly pleased, and as ho wont on describing tho proporty of which I was master I took out a cigar and prepared to light it. Mr. Malszer, seeing wlmt I was about to do, "begged me most politely not to smoks in his prosonoo. I immediately put the cigar back in my pooket, thinking that tbo poor man must bo suffering from his chest and had beou warned ugainst the fumes of tobucco. I decided not to smoko until I got to my own u partmont. I asked the stoward about tho other servants, telling him that tlioy seemed to mo vory pcouliar, tho coachman tolling me ho had murdered liis own brothor, the wntahman riding eook-liorso on a broomstick, tlio huntsman turning liis noso up nt mo and declining to speak, and tlio vulet roaring incessantly with laughtor. The stoward looked at me with astonishment, saying, "Did not the lawyer explain to you tiio wholo matter?" "No. What do you mean P" " I mean tlio sort of servunts who are in tho heiiHO. 1 am surprised that he concealed the truth, i It is simply these — the people here are mud. Tlio lute count had a pcouliar fanoy for collecting mad peoplo around him, and he practised ourea on them liimsolf. Ho had so far sueooodod with theso lunntlos that they regainod part of thoir sonBes. The coaohman was a maniao who from melanoholy had tried throo times to commit suieido. Ho is now pretty woll all right oxoopt that ho fools cer tain ha murdered his brother in oold blood." " Thon lio didn't do it." " Oh, dear no, sir. It is his fanoy. A« regards the watchman, ho was a lunatia whose oluof peculiarity was tliut lie did not know what was to bo eaten und what waB not to ho catoii, hut honenth tho care of the count he heeiiriie a first-rato servant. The huntsman was very mad indeed when he came here, He would in foot bito anybody, und scratch, hut now ho u cured with tlio exception of un inBano prido whioh hq presorves. Tho valot was brought lioro as a hopeless maniao, but now you would notico nothing peculiar about liim, if ho would givo over luughing. It wus a quoor fanby on tho part of tlio oount to import all tlioso ponplo hero ; but it was a humane und uolilo piece of work whioh few would enro to rindertuko. I am nstonished that tho lawyer did not toll you all about it, seeing that by a oluuso in tho will these servants are to remain hero for the rest of thoir lives." " Ho did not any a word to mo about their mental condition. It is truo that ho did not advise mo to como and livo here ; hut all lie did was to toll me that thore were snoli and - such servants whom I must tuko ovor into my service! Will you," 1 uddod, " givo me the writing materials P I should liko to Bond a .letter to that lawyer giving him a slight drubbing." "Yes air. Hero is pon, ink, and paper. I will go and fetch the lamp, for it is too dark to writo." : Ho brought tho lamp and plaood it on the tublo. It was eortainly a funny kind of limn oovored ovor entirely with wire gauze, liko the Davy lamps used in mines. However, I was not in: a mood to nrguo about it, und taking tlio pen I wroto, in a dry tono, to the lawyor, saying that ho should have not loft mo in ignorance as to what domestics ho was putting on my lmnds. I nddod that I could easily bring an aotion against him, hut that in oonso- ipionoo of thoir being Huoh an excellent and lntolligont stoward on tho cstato, I should endeavour to sottlo down thoro. Finished. Stoward, would you kindly givo mo tlio sealing waxP" The stoward olonohod his toetli. Thon he ropliod : " Would you not profor awafer,,sirP" " No, I would rather havo souling wux." " A wafer is muoh stronger." " I don't enro," I said, getting impatient ; " I will havo tho souling wax." "Tlion, would you please to Beal down tho lotter in the next room. You will find a oandle there." " Isn't It easier for you to bring the ouridle in here than for me to go in that room P" > fro I!E OQSjXJOTBD ' < 