A RIDE FOR LIFE. ON" A BICYCLE. I intended to break the record, as the elans phrase goes-no very difflcul matter. I reflected, so far as a Cana dian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do so, however. req«" iud-ment. I knew that I had the long ri-e into the forest before « and I must reserve ray strength for that. I I had/rasscd the level at last, and I knew I had done well. The light was br/hlT enough to see the time, but I decided to wait till I entered the forest, ft V as 1 o longer quite so easy to keep L bicycle up to speed; There was more effort in the P'-essura on the pedals, a little more sensation in .- muscles of the legs as I did so. 1 looked round. Tes, I had already made a rl«e of a good many feet. The slope was regulal. but not steep enough greatly to reduce nirspeed AsI I glanced from side to slde-for l was conscious or the oppressive solitude of the forest; but my pace was not r tardea for a moment. ®ne J_ r sleighing party had been talking - woive= The winter, it seemed, had been an early one. and it certainly had been epYcre The wolves, he had said, had been showing in packs not twenty miles to the north. There was not a sound hut the low crisp crunch of the snow under the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant. Tot what was that? Was it fancy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand? Surely there was sonie- thing— if it was only the wail of a dis tant gust of wind moaning through the . - . _i t k..ct Avflr 1h<> bicvcle. JIOxAIl |Mll''h. » and concentrated my energies upon fac ing the long ascent. There It was a sain! It was no wail of the northern wind— no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of ft living thing. It was nature's savage complaint against the pangs Of hunger! On and on we flow. There w as not a breath of wind to stir the slightest snow-flake on the tenderest spray, set my hair was thrown back from m> brow, where great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on! Without a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the forest. And as I went I knew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on niv right came from time to time a short gasping howl, cut short in the moment of utterance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in full cry. It was a race for bare life. 3 leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed into the one effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts. The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my face as I swept past. The cold air blew in my face and carried even the heavy fur of my coat behind mc as I rushed through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. On the contrary, they were gaining. Not quickly, not with a rush; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly; with a mo notony that was ghastly beyond ex pression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on and on In front, as If it would never end! The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in my head, lhrp was a. wearv feelinc crowlnc in my limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate, it was now for the first time that I saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right— only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a head— a long sharp muz2le — the mouth open, the lower jaw hanging, the ears erect! It crept on. Little by little it gained on me— an inch— only an inch at a time, but always an inch more! This shadow became a horror to me. At last! The long, straight road made a curve to the» ight. Not a sharp curve, butenough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to the substance — with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I could see that his hair was grey as it showed in the moonlight. His huge mouth was wide open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue bung from his slavering Jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from beneath the thickly mat ted hair that hung over his face. There was a look of exhaustion about him that for the moment increased the hor ror of his appearance. Involuntarily I swerved as he sprung, and his gTeat jaws came together with a snap not an Inch from my knee. His leap had cost him something in speed, and he fell back quite half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror of hLs pur suing shadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of Bob's revolver. The familiar touch seemed to reassure me. X drew it from my belt I weighed it in my hand so as to grow accustomed to it. I dared not turn in my seat, and yet X must get a shot at the grizzled leader of the pack. Insensibly I slackened my pace for a second or two; insensibly the huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in front of my foot! Once more he was gathering himself together for a spring. Once more his blood-shot, hun gry eyes were turning towards me as he kept up his long, leaping gallop. It was the moment. Quick as thought I fired. The ball struck him — struck him, I think, on the shoulder, for with one fierce snarl, that seemed to express pain, disappointment, and terror all in one, he rolled over in a heap almost against the rushing wheel of my bicycle There was a pause in the chase. Once more I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase the distance between myself and my re lentless pursuers. The welcome respite was but a short one. My head swam dizzily with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excite ment; my limbs grew numb and heavy under the desperate strain. Thank God ! I wason the downward slope. Thank God ! there was at last a prospect of escape. The descent made itself quickly felt. Exhausted as I had been, I couldn't have kept it much longer, and I must have been overtaken. Down the long, smooth slope we rushed at a pace that was momentarily increasing. I looked behind me once more. The wolves were following still, but they, too, were growing exhausted, i tranced at the ascent beyond. the bridge: I glanced at the laboring . pursuers behind me— I could do it still 1 X dashed at the bridge. I was across, and now the ascent began. I bent over the bicycle, I forced my weary limbs -to exert themselves once more,. For fully a hundred yards the ascent was steep, and -the exertion was terrible. : Slower and slower I seemed to go with each moment. The perspira- Uon poured from w3age.-mTSg6".iin® ankles burned as if steepe<Mn "ffUW Ore. I clenched my tcetli and gripped the handles as If for bare life, and at each Slowturh St the Wheels x?««.ed to my self to hear the. panting ot the wolves.. behind me.. - ,»_ , At last I did it! At the top £ the slopa I turned and Rooked, be.lilnd me. The moonlight shone white, on the grey lea- . as he bounded on to the bridge; two followed him Closely. -the rest Ir/ scitterea behind- them . on th&. Zll No/one had as yet . abandoned the chase— -not one had yet given w j drcw my revolver TTmv beU once more. I rested the - barrel for a moment on the handle of bairei ioi the leader neared my, th® bridge I turneddnd fired. 1 hit end of U>e S howl iie;Sprang into- him. "tt'ith a s 05S the parapet. the air and fell hail aero j cQU,d see- then he turiie . as he plunged! !' m ?£' river below- Exhausted as I into the rixer . 'could make an Si't stmUni could bear nothing of effoit still. 1 1 aUirht J knew, they, wolves, but yet for aught might be l0" ,'jny dull senses, supplied, the !?1 'heard their panting and I cou,f.f "eouW even imagine the . behind a10""1 . peci on the sharp broafl Etl ot li-ht snow- Suooen iij There was a sound £f 1,SsS Vtbch sounded ' strangely far f tl/'o were the' figures of men, awa> , )lk tlle men we though they looked like t but see in dreams. Mi bicj cie ' ;thln„ I could no longer cop rm,bs refuaed:' swam -or— t felt that I was ..Jr- mugL-and I was caught by 3h- Jackson's str ong arms.-"Soribner. 