The Late Mr C. P. Woodfin. FUNEBAII SERMON. Despite the inclement weather on Sunday night there was a large congregation at the Wesleyan Church, the occasion being the pitching of a funeral sermon on the death pulpit was Bimilarly draped and hung with floral emblems as at the funeral. During the evening the choir sang specially selected and appropriate hymns, and gave an excellent rendering of « the Vital Spark," Miss Neck presiding at the organ, and during the offertory " Christian's Good Night" was sung. The Bev. J. M'Bride preached a lengthy and most impressive sermon, taking as his text, Genesis, 5 c. 24 v.: " And Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took him." The text, the preacher said, told of two things: first, what Enoch did-—he "walked with God," and secondly, what God did, "God took him." The Holy Ghost used not many , words in describing Enoch's character—only four, whereas if some ofhis^fellow men had. written his blopaplgr|ijeywoid4 4oubt3ess_£avc filled j largevotanes; bnt Gaffs Ways wereribt man's, and they had in the text a full portrait of the man. In the first place they should notice that agreement and obedience was implied in the text. Amos had well asked "Can two walk together except they be agreed r Seeing that Enoch had walked wich God for a long time, there was an agreement between his will and that of the Most High. It was ever his delight to know and do God's Will. To know the will of God Enoch must have listened frequently for the Divine voice, and when he heard it and knew that Will it was his delight to do it. Enoch doubtless often said "Not my will but Thine be done." He rendered obedience to the Most High. That was the sum and substance of true religion, whether in the Mosaic, Patriarchial or Christian dispensations. In the second place friendship was implied by the text. Two men might for a rime walk together by compulsion, but there was no compulsion in the case of Enoch. It was a matter of choice with him. It was true God had implanted the desire and Enoch had carried it out in his life. He regardedGod as his friendand spent much time with him. He was a man of prayer and acknowledged God in all his ways. In the third place faithwas implied in the text It was this that sustained and upheld him during his walk. He believed not only in the existence of God, but also believed and proved that He was a rcwarder of all them that diligently sought Him. Doubtless his faith was frequently tried, but notwithstanding this he calmly walked with God. His fellow men might have thought him strange, for he did not swim with the stream, but firmly stood for God. They doubtless criticised him much, but that did not interfere with him, for he simply walked with God. If he had lived today no doubt many would talk about him as an ccccntric man, but such men who walk with God are those whom He uses for His glory and the good of their fellows. In the fourth place the statement implied perseverance. For 300 years Enoch walked with God. They should think of that! The days of his years were 365, and out of that number 300 of them were spent walking with God, and there was nothing to prevent the belief that he did so from his youth up. How ripe his experience, must have been. There were some in the present day -who say how good God has been to them for 40, 50, or 60 years, and all were delighted to hear them relate their experience because it was ripe and full. He "bad himself listened with joy one night to an aged saint who had been for 64 years on the Lord's side, and that was a rich, ripe, and - full experience. It was implied in the text that there was agreement, obedience, faith, friendship, and perseverance, and for these God rewardedEnoch. Then they should noticc what God did. God took him. Curious people might ask why he did not die like others. Some said he was saved from death because of his distinguished piety; others, that he was translated to teach that there was a future state. Perhaps his body was changed like the bodies of the saints shall be at the last tramp. But this they knew, that for 300 years he quietly and ; calmly walked with God, and during the whole of that time he had the testimony borne to him that he pleased God. How necessary this was tosustain him in his walk, He doubtless got but little encouragement from his fellow-men, but God encouraged him. It was most necessary for us in this : life to have the assurance that we are doing what ia pleasiug in God's sight. There were men doing Christlike actions, and they were opposed by their fellows. It was necessary, therefore, for them to know that God was with and ova them. They should ask themselves, Were they individually walking with GodHad they each the testimony ihat they were pleasing God ? Enoch was a child of Adam's fallen race—a man like themselves, not an angelic being, not of a superior t race, but he was so exalted because he walked with God. And if a man desired to rise head and shoulders above some of the greatest men of the nation, he had simply to walk with God. There were men who dared not say that they pleased God, notwithstanding their molality,.regular attendance at God's house* and benevolence, for the simple reason that they had not faith in Him. They were not united to Christ by living faith. The only- thing God had against them was sin. Lately God had taken one who had worshipped in that church for many years. He referred to Father Woodfin. They could all say that lie walked with God. None of them had any doubt concerninghis personal piety. He was a man of God, and they believed that he had the assurance that be pleased God; that he had the witness of God's spirit testifying with his to the fact that he was the Lords. There was, further, an agreement between his will and that of the Most High. By nature he was a man of strong will.pow«r, bnt it was in subjection to the Divine Will, and he delighted to obey God. There was friendship between him and his Maker, for he was intimately acquainted with God. He always spoke reverently of God as bis Father, and the phrase, " The Father knows, 1 ' was often in his mouth. Hegave a greatdealoftims to prayer, an exercise he much loved, and which he used to. call "talking with the Father," and often in matters concerning the church and the Redeemer's .Kingdom, he would say,' «I have . been talking to the Father about it".. He had faith in God, and,showed it by his works. He had implicit faith , in the Atonement He knew he was personally indebted to the Lord Jesus Christ for his victory over- sin. He was ' very fond of " " For ever hare my rest ehall be, Close to Thy bleeding side; This all my hope, this all my plea, Formethe Saviour-died." And he always hud great stress on the word F ME." This verse was about the last thing he wirote in his journal, and the word « ME " was written in large letters. It was also the last hymn quoted to him. That day fortnight he (the preacher) was in Father Woodfin's room, and started the verse— " For ever here my rest shall be." and the deceased quoted'the second line. Salvation to him was a personal matter. He was saved himself and longed to see others saved. From the time of his conversion till hfc death he kept looking unto Jesns. For 66 years he walked with God, so that he had a rich experience of God and Divine things. On Hearing the end of his journey he recognised: his own nnworthiness, butstillherealised that, Jesns Christ to him was a blessed reality,and : he'tscd to .say-"" Thou, Oh Christ, art all I •want," and " Oh toGr&ce; how- great adebtor."" jShmetimes tha-referred to. faia conversion,; "which took place on 27th September, 1829, and he became a member of the Wesleyan Church on 4th October, 1829, only a .week after. That was as it should be. He ever looked upon it as a great privilege to -meet -with Gtxi's people, as his handsome gift in their schoolroom testified. He preached his first, sermon at Malvern, near Worcester, from Matthew 7 c. 24-27 v., the subject bong the man who built his house upon a rock, and on that oocasipn he had the joy of seeing penitent sinners coming to . God. That was the first time he preached God's truth as a local preacher. In 1853 he joined the old- Collins street church and became a class leader. He nently removed to Fiyerstown, and after that in 1856 settled in South Melbourne and became a collector for the Religious Tract Society,(and as he moved'up and down in that capacity, he filled the pulpits of the various churches on the Sunday, and moved in the homes of the people during the week. He visited England in 1876 and during the voyage to and from England he administered to the sick and distributed tracts, and thus worked for God on sea as well as land. In 1881 he came to Kyneton, but before he settled here he made it a subject of earnest prayer, and it was a considerable time before he finallydecided the matter. He then threw himself heartily into church work and preached in the various places throughout the circuit For 62 years he did the work of a Methodist local preacher, and-did it welL His last sermon-was in the Kyneton church on July Sth, 1894, when he tookthe same text as he did for the first sermon he ever preaceed. This was most remarkable. He was a thoroughly scriptural preacher, his mind being well stored with God's truth. He had remarkable memory for scripture, and could <juote most accurately whole chapters of Isaiah. He made the Bible the rule of his life, and found it very helpful in his declining days. As a class leader lie was devoted to his work. He loved it and wished that others ishould lore it too. He was as a visitor most diligent and his last act was to meet his class on Friday afternoon, May 29th, when he was greatly blessed and cheered. He had been suffering acutely, but for that hour he felt free from pain, and was conscious of the Divine presence and blessing. As a sick visitor he was always bright and cheerful, and as a trustee he sought to beautify the House of God, and in order that it should be made comfortable and attractive he gave Ijberally of his substance. He was also ever ready to respond to the wants of the aggressive work of the church, such as home and foreign missions. He had a great love for the j Lord's house, and for the work and workers in connection therewith, and a deep and heartfelt sympathy for all who were seeking to uplift their fellow men. He had, moreover, a great respect for his brother local preachers, and frequently made an effort (when through illness he would have been justified in staying at home) to be present at services conducted by them. He was a most charitable man in what he said concerning others and tried tocovcrthcirfaults. He lived : in fact within the four comers of the 13th chapter of 1st Corinthians. The temporal and spiritual -welfare of the young people greatly concerned him. He was no bigot bnt while he rejoiced in the prosperity of every j section of the church, his great love was for the church of his choice which he attended as long as his health would allow. He attended public service for the last time on the 17th May last, when he heard a sermon from the text "For me to live is Christ and to die is gain." That was his experience. • His illness was of short duration but very acute, but he was concious amid all, of his Father's presence. On the 10th of the present mouth God took him, and he was now with Jesus which was far better. They would miss him from the church servioes and their homes, but his memory would live. There were many things that would remindthem of him. His life should say to each of them, go thou and do likewise^" If they did this they would have nought to fear when God took them. God had taken their brother and he was readyto go. One and another were passing away.- Only last week he had heard of the death of a sister who onoe worshipped in Kyneton, He referred toMrs Balding, of Boort God had taken her home. Within the last nine months two of the oldest workers in their church had been taken from them, namely Fathers Morris and Woodfin. Who would fill the places of .those men ! They wanted the young men for Christ, to step into the breach and take up the work laid down by these brothers. If they intended to have 66 years' walk with God they had better start at once, and if they realised that night that they were not walking with God they should iwgin by giving up all ein and recei ving the Lord Jesus Christ as their Saviour, and they would be blest in so doing. Might God help them so to do. 