That a great many people have read how " Mr. Pickwick" got outilde of too much corn juice, on one occasion, and was carted off in a wheel-barrow. That a somewhat similar incident occurred. in Ipswich on Bunday last. That, in this instance, however, "there wae. a lady in the case." That she had been imbibing something even more potent than the water recently supplied to the town, and wasa bit off goingoto " quod." That the arresting constables made earnest. inquiries regarding the.availability of a cab,. which, needless to say, was not forthcoming. That the gallant men in blue were nonplnsse. for a few minutes, but hope came'. from an on expected qugarter. That amongst the interested grounp of n lookers was a lad who was the envied possessor of a billy-goat cart, which he offered to "' the State." That the recalcitrantlady was quicklyplaced.a in the chariot, and while one constable held her hat on his colleagues got between the shafts and drew the "'landau" along in tri nmph, thus illustrating "the strongarm of the. law."' That he was ably assisted by (itis saii) about. 100 youngsters who were " shovin' on behiind." SThat there area good manyurtbehseooinoi l dences on record, bunt ' Plains Andy" has just. reported one which he considers to be bf im portance. That just recently GlaAey has beai up at Andy'e place, and on the very. snameday, or' the day .before, or the dyafter, or thee or'. thereabotes, Aundy's historic cow Snowy safely. gave birth to a eon(or, imay be, a dugh. That it is not yet decided whether "the " little stranger" isto be knownysbyny toirt ore of the name of "the doorkeeper in llberiy'?. ' teple." ,,.. ., .,.. . .' - ? hat surely something to thi kind oght in. bddone,i so . to cement the coinpidence. That thne "T.T.'" man has noticed a eti strongercoincidence;. That, an-, .vnybndy knowa, Andy ban jut lately tuimead hicot? and rather glorise inihs ! nh-, beg pardonn in M in:lteutoIg to the'j voice f bininwardm vmrnito r ' That it was only to be that aunkh a calamity should, if not proadoe a convulsion: of nature, atleast plablyffcit it. Th-at, sure enough, on the very d aplioi. mately) when Andy di-clared 'that'-he hat' ira-, beg pardon, changed.ais opinion, the Ipswich town clock sterdk.work, thereby .lpni-' lying what if thought of the 'uater. ' That it is a wonderthat, when BSnoyheard. 'of her owner's "seceh.,!' she didp'tgive Ua p the ghost. :. * That she m?ot certayn&lyhae; deltthe 4egr-a: dation very keunly .nalthoonih nhe ioffere?..in-; silence. That her feeig will ti h6'trtinu worseq before Andy has tired of his niew political ad. :: STha% beande the insertion of wire inthe aides of the? ?ei Burnetrstreet Bridge, a couple of other ?iprovements am neesay. That either a new lamp hoauld bi plasedst3 th southern end of the ntrocturq,.or tleold laimp at th'ni previous:site.rembved thereto. *That, as thinga' hre now, on drknightt belated penteiano have ee mtobilhlty Inl succeassfll y onntin Oape Horn. That, in addition to this, the woode?afoot way i sca.udlated to, cndunger.the cefetyof Her iajesty'a liege eubjaeetravelling theron, That, te foetway beingon salope,.psaen goere are very liabla to Aeon .their footing,'andl -o skitins alopg as/!f.on an iog-sidp, o, ht the efll. f?os trnis is yery much., increased if the-wather ns wet. SThat perhape somebody coperne willmzote theose recommenudaticen.nd ant a?oprdin.d,:i SThat one of tWe oinvis ie atures of the pro-. eedings at the recent 'Paslifern'political meet 'tngs wasnto meacing of bulletse Abny.Glssey.??oi' .the firing If them' by'ody Mnif.t. SThat, amingit' bthdi"thigng, (ll~iame p14 that, .,If .there? ea. clan ins the d?iohtrywbob. might be conde? d e orkers, it wasn $e.?l"p atitnit.oil:'?'?" ' .. . " 2 . '? , " v: ? obstvatih n .onte if~ 1t1.twould be pa goo" thing for the fermenr?')fthey were to doa julie xi -mo6e6'btWanbrk osi?h,:bergaps, an h. do?e"' That there in:.ni~ nMly', e 'a differene o opinion her?' " ~e That if Mt.r workedi?t no and sa a" the'P·s:~ii~fnoA;attiidihed e~opjfliqtio 'Tha~ktii c~'uihiiinrtogt~lp'cdntbf "p'pe~ toI~iiheia~rico'te~d l 5t14flthtoliP~ isihth he?. ren-int ?ro ? i i.nl.. faiis?t biles an~hat~bry )ir cn ': ' "''" is come-~, ohneo ?r .t n a.,eehn " anant man whom they love-notba blam bit oft ' aist billets, wanJibd thr dbtly-belovnk < n Thiat.i is pleasing~to note thak~~~~eklat; there I· themcd betwe'hithe town 'a.ld~th werwyorkhJ ' t :Thaf the £overnmenttaiae ironme ltt f?ii .be: thelqplosh, soihy t thething ehbolId soo'i' be underw ay. '. "". ,•' .? "? ; ?' . ... '. '? That a. telephone shbuld have been pt np " logiago, but bettenr late hoatnne 4t. That ItheI Railway Commisisibeh'deierves . bdit for initiating: ,newi plan of bcursoI o myarnl. wo t ",.:.ln .ot·.I-, ;h:.. n .ji.a That the han;nees arethat the low:rates wial nt lead to a large incresae in " hile." .. . hatm i ite is a pitysthkt the ommriseloner did : noot start the system before. 'ena al . .f" That residents in the easterntburbs oei. plain that marading dog stillfrequentstheiar : premises. bt:: . t .na i ,trwr . That his ingenuity in dealingtwith ro lock i bolts, .and bars" is said to be himply, phenom...id nhal, ad it,is even reported that he-he s.aney on a Northern labour.constituency. ; : J That. the intimation of.tbe .resignationr ef-l Alderman.H.i. E. Wyman hase.been. reaei ed of ,c the.general boxy of .ratepayeEs aith 9inetn i .: byerael. , . . , , That ,that gentlean has proved himself teoi be a first-olass alderman. . That, when Mayor,. be' preslded· oper tha,• delibeatios of a the City Fathers with admitt tact and dignity. That he also showed himlelf toien, goodi ' workiog-man's Mayor," and found work for a. considerable numberof the unemployed in the' improvement of the town. That--here's that he mayoon see his way to i return to muticipal life . ' 