THE PRIMACY 01 TIE BOMN BY THE MOST REV. DR. OARR, AatittBisHOP OF ME£BOUENE. We conclude this week our report of tbis lecture, the first part of which waa given in last Saturday's " Advocate." After these lengthened and conclusive references.it must appear superfluous to quote Additional Protestant testimony in Bupport of the belief of the Church from the earliest years of her existence. Such testiodony, if required, may be found in the jadmissions forced by the very strength ofthe evidence from non-Catholic controversialists and historians. The Rev. Mr. Hall, one of the most recent writers on the: subject, makes an almost complete surrender to the Catholic doctrine. The evidence ill favour of the Roman Primacy is, to quote j MB- own words; overwhelming .. " The Primacy is of meht," he asserts; because Rome was chbi&n; fovJBi.' fixed and final See. , ISie evidwic is overwhelming. : The onlypisBi I know of, which pail be Quoted it, is the clause in the abortive XXVIII. of Chalcedon, that tife 1 gave the Primacy to Romtt beca was the imperial city; but this sen even if the Canon were authority which it is not, does not explain Primacy, but only why Rome chosen for its seat. I feel this is most important for anything like fair and respectful controversy with Rome." Palmer, whom I have already quoted, : makes this ^admission:— " Hence we may see the reason for which the Bishops of Rome were styled! successors of St Peter by some of the' Fathers. They were bishops of the' particular church which St. Peter had' assisted in' founding, and over which he' had presided; and they were also, as bishops .of-the .principal church, the' most eminent among the successors of the ApostleB; even aB St. Peter hadi possessed the , pre-eminence of the Apostles themselves. rt Dr. Nevin, a former President of Marshall College; Pa., writes:— " If anything in the world can be said; to be historically clear it is the fact thai; with the close of the fourth century and the coming in of the fifth-the 1 Primacy of the Roman See was admitted in all parts of the Christian world." That this Primacy of the Roman See was not only a Primacy of honour, but also of jurisdiction, is acknowledged by' the same writer, who goes on to say:— ; " Examples of the exercise of supremo power on the part of the Popes in the fourth and fifth centuries are so frequentj and numerous that nothing short of the. most wilful obstinacy can pretend tar treat them as of no account. In every great question of the time, whether rising in the East or in the West, all eyes show themselves ever ready to turn towards the Cathedra Petri as a last resort for counsel and adjudication; all controversies, either in the way of appeal or complaint, or for the ratification of decisions: given in other quarters, arl made to come directly, or indirectly, ir the end, before this tribunal, and read their final end conclusive settlement onl; through its intervention. The Popes, ill these cases, take it for granted them| selves that the power which they exercis^ belongs io them of right, in virtue of the prerogative of their See. There is nd appearance whatever of effort or of umrpation in the part they allow them-|; selves to act. It seems to fall to themajj; i —- T1_ _ _ /> •MA/MM^KAIA naturally as the functions of a magistrate or'judge in any case are felt to go along With 1 the office to which they belong! And the whole titorld apparently regards the Primacy in rthe same way—as a, thing of cowrpe,a matter: fully settled and established in'the constitution of the Christian Church. We Jiear of no objection to it,-no protest against it, as a new and daring presumption, or as departure, from t'he i early vrder of; Christianity. The whole nature .of th$ case implies, as strongly as any historic conditions and relations well could, thi this precisely, and no other order, ha> been handed down from a time &eypV; which no memory of man to the eontra theit reached."* .';1Jfahder testifies to the antiquity £he Papal claims to a Primacy jurisdiction. . iffPiry ewrly indeed do we observe tion th&t; to them, AS SUOOESSOBS OF 8A PETES, belonged a paramount authority in 'icclesiastical disputes " :•' !•::•"• I HiB evidence is not the less valuahlj though, like other Protestant cbnttover maliitrof fir fess note, ! he' writes o)F who * "Baj^ jfil^ahni^'.^Merotoberg BeviewJ 3eptemb^r,-_3 ( 861,4 3[ '.' KEn ri<'Va ""The Primacy of til ^f^^^^'M^fhl7& oiv.r. ,'iU be calls " the aBanmption " of the Roman Bishops. We are not to forget that lie is dealing with those very ages inwhich, according to the generally received Protestant teaching, the faith of the ^hnrch was pure, and the sanctity of the Soman Pontiff conspicuous. .And as we shall see in the course of our inquiry these " assumptions" were filially recognised by those primitive Baints and doctors to whose writings, when it raits their pnrposes, Protestants so confidently appeal. Little as we may admire the methods of Rationalistic writers, we mtist at least regard o their admissions in favour __ of the Roman Primacy as the irresistible outcome of the facts of history. The Catholic Ghurcb, and she alone, has consistently condemned their wholesale and destructive criticism of revealed truth, whilst Protestantism seemed satisfied if Rome suffered equally with Relation. Renan may surely be taken aii a'typical representative of this school, and there is no room for mistake in his worSe. "Rome," says M. ErneBt Renan, " was the place in which the great idea of Catholicity was worked out. More and more every day it became the capital ~ Christianity, and took the place of as the religious centre of 'Its Church claimed a prefer all others, which was ecognised. AU the doubtfal hich agitated the Christian ame to Rome to ask for not decision. Men argued— in a very logical way—that d made Cephas the corners Church, the privilege ought erited by his successors; The Bishop of Rome became the Bishop of Bishops, he who admonished all others. Rome proclaims her right—a dangerous right—of excommunicating ' those who do not walk step by step with her. . . . At the end of the second century we can also recognise, by signs which it is impossible to mistake, the spirit which in 1870 will proclaim the infallibility of the Pope." And back beyond the close of the second century, to the very dawn of uninspired Christian history, we can trace the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff, The nearer we get to the lifetime of the Apostles, the more valuable and authentic does the testimony become. Hence it is that Protestant writers have used every effort, and resorted to every device, to depreciate the value of the early ecclesiastical records when they witness to the existence of the Roman Primacy. Of these, the first, in point of time, is the letter' of Pope . St. Clement to the Corinthians, St. Clement was third Pope in succession from St. Peter. I shall not delay more than a moment in noticing a Billy error of imputing to Catholics a desire to place St. Clement second on the ligt of Popes. in a former lecture I quoted a classic passage from St. Ireneeue in proof of the primacy of the Sovereign Pontiff. It has been suggested that I did not quote at fall length because it would disprove the immediate succession of St. Clement from St. Peter, which, we are told, Catholic writers seek to establish. But the prayer-books, which are constantly j n the "hands of the laity, and the Missal, which is in daily use amongst priests, contains a sufficient refutation of this senseless statement, for in the Canon of the Mass, which is found in both, the order of succession of the Roman Pontiffs is precisely the order given by St. Irenaeuq—" Memoriam venerantes, beatorum Apostplorum et Martyrum tuorum, Petri et Pauli, Lini, Cleti, Clementis," etc., that is, " Yen^rating the memory of Thy blessed ApoBtles and martyrs, Pater. andjP&pJ;, R : NIAVMANF ** TUn ANTI/INTFN Linus, Cletas, Clement." The antiquity of the Canon of the Mass is recognised by many ProteBtant writers, whoactually use it as an argument for the correctness of the order of the succession Of Popes, as recorded by St. Irenasus. According to the most, reliable authorities, St. Clement's letrter was ! written in the year a.d. 95 or 96, and after the inspired writings ranks next in antiquity. It was addregsed to ttie Church in Corinth by the " Church • in .Rome, and waa intended to put an end; to dissensions, which had given grievous scandal on all sides. It would seem that a few unruly members had driven out probably their bishop 1 and aome of his prieste or presbyters, and the Church: of Rome came to the rescue. Though; the authorship of the letter is not die-; puted, it is yet the constant effort of Protestant writers to transfer from St.! Clement tp the Roman Church the claim; which the letter clearly sets forth .to! authoritativelyinterfere in. tbeafbirsofi a distant . Churoh. It would be fatal to PrbtBstanttheorieBof; primitive- Church-; government tk> alio w -that. St;: Clement, as. Bishop of Rome', should I assert righti to sit in judgment on the -question-' whether the bfinopf WSB .of.^Hn prieff(W ;Or r J»reab^t??flOf, tlip ^ Corinth Bhould be deposed; and should actually pass judgment on this matter; that he should lay claim to submission and obedience, on the ground that his words were tbe words of God, and were dictated by the Holy GhoBt; that he should, after making a moBt solemn appeal to the three Divine Persons, promise, on the one band, benediction on the part of God to those who were obedient, and threaten, on the other hand, with the divine displeasure thoBe who resisted hiB sentence; that he should remind the Corinthians that it was better for them to be humble and approved in the sheepfold of Christ, than to be in high repute, but cast out from his fold or forfeit tbe grace and promises of His Gospel; that he should teach the absolute necessity of Apostolioal Succession for.a legitimate ministry, mentioning explicitly the threefold order of bishops, jriests, and deacons; that he should, in fine, send his own legates in order to secure the acquiescence of the Church of Corinth to his will. We need only read the letter to see how thoroughly the Pope, St. Clement, or the Roman Church exercises the Primacy of jurisdiction, and insists on the necessity of Apostolical Succession. Let UB take up, for instance, paragraph 44, where we read:— "And our Apostles knew through our Lord Jesus Christ that there would be strife over the dignity of the episcopate. For this cause, therefore, having received complete foreknowledge, they appointed the aforesaid persons, and they established a succession, that if these should fall asleep, other approved men should succeed to their liturgic function. Those, therefore, that were appointed by them, or afterward by other men of repute, with the consent of the whole Church, and who performed their office blamelessly to the flockof Christ, with lo wlineBB, gentleness, and a generous spirit, and for a long time have borne a good report with all, these we judge it not consonant with justice to deprive of their office. For it will be no light sin in UB to deprive of the episcopate those who offer the gifts blamelessly and holily. Blpssed are those presbyters who have gone before, seeing that their departure waa fruitful and ripe, for they have no fear leBt anyone should remove them from their appointed place. For we see that you are displacing certain persons who were living honourably from the office which they had blamelessly performed." Comment on the meaning of these words, or on the authoritative claim St. Clement makea to jurisdiction over the Church.of Corinth, would be superfluous. I shall next read for you from paragraphs 58, 59, and 68, and I think you will agree with me that if these expressions were found, without any clue to their authorship, they might be easily mistaken for passages from a decree of a General Council, or of a Pope of the nineteenth instead of the first oentury. In paragraph 58:— "Receive our counsel, and ye shall have no reason of regret. For as God liveth, and the Lord Jesus Christ liveth, and the Holy Spirit, who are the faith and the hope of the elect, so surely shall he who, with lowliness of mind and instant in gentleness, hath, without regretfolness, performed the ordinances and commandments that are given by God, be enrolled and have a name among the number of them that are saved through Jesus Christ, through Whom is the glory unto Him for ever and ever, Amen." In paragraph 59:— "But if certain persons should be disobedient unto the words spoken by God tlvrough us, let them unf that they will entangle themsi slight transgression and dang shall not be guilty of tbiB sittJH : Again in paragraph " For ye will give HBKigraktf' gladness if ye renderiXftediei* 1 things written by ttNtftri Spirit, and root ofet anger of your jealosy; Mpori entreaty which we ba*agf and concord: in this letter;" With reference to these paragraphs WB may adopt tbe analysis of one who haB devoted a life-long study tb the subject of the Roman Primacy. > St. Clement, after invoking the three Persons of the Blessed Trinity as witnesses of the judgment he was about to promulgate, declares that " he who performs without regretfalnesa the ordinances and commandments that are given by God," shall be enrolled and have a name among the number of Ihem that are saved through JesuB Christ." On the other hand,, that those who are pi disobedient unto the wordst spoken by HIM-thtough us " " will entangle themselverf 'in : no slight transgression: and danger" He adds,:moreover, >" you will give us weat jby and gladness < if< you renderobraijenoetothethingBwrittenby UB through the Holy Spirit." .?*.•*>•« From- all which' «wo .iearo ' 4>hat a HJiei Chturbh of Eame^' iBBued by its Bishop, as to whether tbe Bishop of Corinth was rightly or Wrongly deposed, is declared, after attestation af the Three Divine Persons, to be .among the oommandments and ordinances^iv^n by God through UB, thalt is, this' P6pe and the Church of Rome; to be thingfe written by us through the Holy Spirit', to which absolute obedience was due, and which could not be neglected " without no slight transgression ahd dattger." The Pope, moreover, takes upon himself the power to deprive of the episcopate ^by issuing a judgment that an actual possessor of it is in his right, while he says at the same time that it would be " no light sin in us to deprive him of it unjustly." There is a passage in paragraph 57 which I quoted in a former lecture. It ran thus :—" Do you, therefore, who laid the first foundation of this sedition, submit yourselves to your priests and be instructed unto repentance. . . . Learn to be subjects, laying aside all proud and arrogant boasting of your tongues, for it is better for you to be found little and approved in the sheepfold of Christ, than to seem to yourselves better than others, and be cast out of the fold." Exception has been taken to the translations "priest" and "fold," and to the argument built on the latter. As to the argument drawn from the word " fold," it loses nothing by substituting " hope " for it, as in both cases the disobedient are threatened with severest punishment—viz., exclusion from the Cburoh or from the promises of Christ. The substitution of " hope" for " fold," instead of weakening, will be regarded by many as strengthening the argument, ana giving to St. Clement's letter a practical interpretation of our Lord's words to St. Peter—" "Whatsoever thou ahalt bind on earth shall be bonnd in heaven," As to the matter of translation, I followed Allnatt, whose standard work, " Cathedra Petri,'' waa before me, and, indeed, without adverting at the time that his translation differed from Lightfoot's. As a matter of fact, he mentions Lightfoot's isdition of St. Clement's letter. I have since seen several editions, and I find that in three—Cotelier, Migne, and the Patres Apostolice, London, 1746—" fold" is given as a probable conjectural reading. Those acquainted with Catholic controversial literature will remember how Catholic writers such as AUieB and Waterworth argue from the translation of " hope" in* stead of " fold" in proof of the Roman Primacy. As to the use of the word " priest," I consider this is a correct translation, as I believe in a Christian priesthood, and 'if one is to credit the Book of Common Prayer; Anglicans believe iu such a priesthood—at least, so fir as the terminology is concerned. We find in that book "The form, manner, and ordering of priests^' As far as regards the office referred to in Pope Clement's letter, I believe that it may be indicated by " priest" or " presbyter" alike. Whether it resides in St. Clement or in the Roman Church, the Primacy of jurisdiction which we claim for the Roman Pontiff is found in living form in St. Clement's letter. ~ It is no primacy of mere rank or honour; that exercises supreme authority; and ; passes definite sentence, and that, too, in -the fcksaof sin Apostolic Church, and whilst the Beloved Disciple, St. John, Btill rnled iri'thenearet Church of Ephesus. Little ttbntler that Lighifoot should characterise "the tone of this letter as " urgent and almost imperious," and should regard "this noble remonstrance" as undoubtedly " tbe first step towards papal domination," or that Crutwell^hould speak thus:— "But if the Bishop of Home is lost sight of, the Church of. Rome, already '' sumes the role of leader and guide of Churches. The tone of Clement's age is distinctly that of a superior ag counsel, exhortation, and reproof. Christian Church of the capital s to have acknowledged: from. the la more than local responsibility, ifaot gives our epistle a highhiBtorical est as the earliest and, as .it !were, Caneons' exponent of this consciousness of pre-eminence." • And again " in St.. Clement's letter an assumption, BO natural ms to be almost unconscious, of the right to advise^ and interpose underlies hjs; pacificatory argument."* Rev. Mr. Gore calls the epistle " an authoritative appeal," and speaks of " this teaching authority which breathes'" in it. Dr. Salmon is forced to recognise " the very noticeable tone of, authority used by .the Roman Churoh in making an un- ,solicited. (?)> interference with.theaffairs of {mother Church," and , V J . 1 '' Speaks in a tone fit auttiority to a pistes Churoh of Apostolic foundation, ao4 thpe reveals the easy and innocent jbepnpmjg of t h e ^ ' ! ! J '" ' s , f.constrained to .write, thus elf St. Ciement and his Epistle :—- .,, [.": ie. vejry reintekable thatja person ' "Sat } rife, W* 'V,-(.'• asjtjsf t in trath ana ( of such 1 vast VBSU mflnenoe Uiuu™™ m — *• fiction, whose words were law, who JrSWthedaty of iftdw&wsob-; &cm; to to independent anddisttaoted Church, whose vision. reached even to Sown lands beyond th^ W^tern Sea fhonia inaugural; the threshold ofthe second century, the long lino of Pontiffs who have outlasted every dynasty ^ Europe, and riSvir claim an, infallible authority over the consciences of 200,090,000 of Christians." _ ....... » Similar letters of instruction, warning, and comfort were written to other eoncremations by Ignatius, Poly carp, Diony. lius of Corinth, and Irenfflus. Nevertheless, it oan hardly be denied that the document reveals the sense of a certain superiority over all ordinary congregations. The Roman Church here, without being asked (as far as appears), gives advice, with superior administrative wisdom, to an important Church in the East, despatches messages to her, and exhorts her to order and unity m a tone of calm dignity and anthority as the organ of God and the Holy Spirit. This is all the more snrprising if St. John, as is possible, was then BtiU living in Epberae, which was nearer to Corinth than Borne. The hierarchical spirit arose from the domineering spirit ofthe Roman Church rather than the Roman Bishop and the presbyters, who were Bimply the organs of the people. But a century later the Bishop of Rome was substituted for the Church of Rome, when Victor, m his own name, excommunicated the Churches of Asia Minor for a trifling difference of ritual. From this hierarchi- cal assumption there was only one step towards the Papal absolutism of a Leo and Hildebrand, and this found its ultimate doctrinal climax in the Vatican dome of Papal infallibility." ...... In addition to the evidence which this letter bears totheBoman Primacy it is specially valuable as a witness to the constitution of the Church, and to the absolute necessity for an apostolio succession in its ministry. St. Clement could hardly have given clearer testimony on this sdbjeot than is to be found in paragraph 42, which I shall quote. He insists, with the greatest energy, on this Condition in the transmission of spiritual power—namely, that it came altogether from above Bnd not from below. Authority in the Kingdom of Christ, according to him, follows one order throughout. It comes by the choice of superiors :— " The Apostles," he says," evangelised ns irom the Lord Jesus Christ: Jesus Christ from God. So, then, Christ was sent forth by God, and the Apostles by Christ, Both, therefore, came of the will of God in the appointed order. Having, therefore, received a charge, and haying been fully assured, through the Resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ, and confirmed in the Word of God with full assurance of the Holy Ghost, they went forth with the good tidings that the kingdom of God was about to come. So preaching everywhere, from country to ^pantry and from town to town, they Went on appointing .their first-fruits, when they had prove? them by the Spirit, to be bishops and- deacons for those thai wpreitobtfiovo. And this they did in no new : fashion; for, indeed, it had bean.jH^itifcen, concerning bishops And deaowifl in very .ancient limes—for .thus ^^i&itbe; gpriptnre in a certain gilApe, ,1 will appoint; their, bishops in •justice and their deacons in faith," This passage alone would suffice to overthrow the utterly un-Anglican and unepieoopalian theory advocated by Lightfoot and endorsed by lesser lights to the ' effect that the personality of Clement is absorbed in the Church of Borne, and that the letter does not proceed fcom the Bishop,but from the Char, of Borne, The transparent object is evade the strong .proof of the Priq contained in the whole epistle of Clement. Coming from any ^ •giegationalists, this class of argut^i would be intelligible and consistent/Suit ,which is constantly flaunting its claims -to an apostolic descent, the contention 4b! at once destructive ond discreditable.^ This is the letter of which St. Irenaeus, $0 years after it was written, wrote 1 t h u s " In the third degree from'the Apostles Clement received the Bishopric, who had both seen the blessed Apostles and lived witH them, haying their preaching yet Bounding in his cars, and their tradition before bis eyes; not alone in this, fo there were still many left at that time •who haa bben taoght by 'the Apostles. of ,tbiB ; Clement, no slieht dissension having- arisen among ih£ brethren aft Corinth; the Church in Rcnfthent aybilt afleqiuate lettet tojtbe Cdnnthiahs. dra^g them togetber into peace, and renewing 1 their': faith, ana Yecbrdink^ derived on the OaZT • rr • • i,-ii S #iIi'.Xti ^ S S -Am,»Dinri. t ^ ^ v ^It i maV 1 ^ m m mmm> It may We been lis humility, coupled ttith the desire . to , add ,, the . authority -.jthoritv of the tbemurch Church of the Prince of the Apostles to bis own, for the Uomaii Church was confessedly free frotn ©very trace of insubordination, iahd iti example might therefore be advantageously suggested for the imitation of the Corinthianb. Secondly, in time of persecution such as that from which the Church had but just ©merged, andto a renewal of which she was daily exposed, as St. Clement himself, in the opening paragraph of his letter, reminds the Corinthians, it would be very unsafe to give the name of the head of an organise! Christian community in Rome. St. Peter, for the same reason, thought it advisable in his epistle to call Rome " Babylon," as even Lightfoot believes. Those acquainted with Irish history do not need to be reminded of the pathetic ending of many a bishop's letter in the penal times. E loco refugii nostri, i.e., "Prom onr hiding-plaoe." Thirdly, it was by no means unusual then, as it is not unusual now, for the head of the Christian community to write officially in the name of the Roman See, Pope St. Soter admittedly wrote thus, and both Eusebius and St. Jerome tell us that St. demerit wrote in the name or in the person of the Roman Church. Even in the present day Catholics and Protestants alike speak of Rome doing such thing, or Baying such thing, when they are really referring to the actions or words of the Sovereign Pontiff. Abuse of " Rome" is the staple of many a Protestant pulpit performance, and who is so simple as not to know that the blows are aimed at the Pope, though his name be not mentioned? To omit many illustrations found in the counoils, creeds, and fathers, of the Church, suffice it to say that so late as the Vatican Council we find the authority of the Roman Pontiff identified with the authority ofthe Roman Church. "We teach and declare," say the assembled Fathers," that the Roman Church, by the ordinance of Christ (disponents Domino), has the sovereignty of ordinary power over all other [Churches."] St. Cyprian's principle Berves to explain the relations between a-bishop and his Church. " You pnght to know," he says, "that the bishop is in the Church, and the Church in the bishop." Next it is attempted to destroy the force of St. Clement's action by contending that whatever pre-eminence the Roman Church claimed Or exercised, was due to the fact that Rome was the capital of the empire. Do the men who use this kind of argument really know what they are talking about ? We need not go ofrteide St. Clement's letter to find that, as far as connection with Imperial Rome was concerned, the only pre-eminence his Church could hope for was in the number of its martyrs, and in the duration of its agony. The letter opens with an expression of regret that owing to the " sudden and Repeated calamities which are befalling" the Church of Rome he was " tardy in givingheed to the matters of dispute" "to the detestable and unholy sedition" that had arisen in Corinth. He proceeds to remind the Corinthians of those champions who lived nearest to bis own time, the examples which belonged to his own generation. He instanced the martyrdom of SS. Peter and Paul, and how "tmto these men was gathered avast multitude of the elect who, through many indignities and tortures, set a brave example among ourselves." In exquisitely tender accents he intimates that the contest was unfinished, and that he himself might any day be in the atena. " We write not oply as ad monishinff you, but also as putting ourselves inrsmembrance. For we are in the it, and the same contest awaiteth not an admitted faot that St. ite his letter in the lull o! id is it not a desperate i*ws to assign the autho- " tence of the Church in trial surroundings? badly for the histhose to whom it is _jly the same character which seeks to account tor the Primacy of the Roman Chnroh on the ground that it is " an entirely moral asoendency" resting on its orthodoxy and " practical goodness." But those who advance , this plea forget that there is a Primacy of Jurisdiction as well as of honiour, and that moral worth or fraternal charity could give • no. eupport . to the far-reaching claims and ;demands in St, Clement's latter. With marvellous .-inconsistency many of thote .who make sue of the orthodoxy and moral worih^ W; early Roman Church accuse the Bishops of that same Church of having abandoned the-traditions of ihe tapoiitoJ in theiraggreBsive ambitionheforethe;close of the second century. And,yet those were the centuries in which the iaith and discipline of the Chorch are admitted ;to have been preserved in their apostohc purity. ' 'vi.-Vi .-v^r-i? 8 ViewingnSl. -fllemeit'a letter umtB; of the wrwmstaws ux irhipb written, when, eia Lightfoot Bays, the Ghnrch had just "issued from the fiery furnace of persecution, after experience of a cruel and capricious tyrant like Domitian," when, as we have already heard from the saint's own lips, he was constantly expecting the fate of his martyred predeoeBBora, when, too, notwithstanding the perils of his position, he wrote with the calm dignity that belonged to one conscious of his world-wide jurisdiction, I now with even greater emphasis ask the question which I asked in a former lecture, and to which exception has been taken—" Is it possible to have clearer evidence of the Papal Supremaoy in the very first century of the Church's existence?" 