CHURCH AND SCHOOL LANDS. THE GLOUCESTER ESTATE. MR. GARRARD AND HIS TENANTS. THEIR VIEWS ON THE NEW BILL. II. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) The Ministerial trip through tho Gloucester district last week was mapped out with the ob ject of traversing as much of the Church and School lands as possible, and particularly the por tions devoted to agriculture. Our first stage was from Raymond Terrace to Gloucester, via Stroud, a distance of 62 miles, along the main North Coast-road. About 10 miles out from Raymond Terrace wo struck the southern boundary of a block of pastoral holdings of rather inferior qua lity, tenanted under the Church and School Act, and 16 miles further north the road entered that vast tract of country held by the Australian Agri cultural Company. This first batch of Church and School land Is moro or less square as to shape, nn/1 AAttnKC ni>iMit CP onnnrn miina A f fl/llintPV TI Is bounded on the west by tbo Williams River, and on the east by tho Karuah River, which runs parellel to the road. The northern boundary is formed by a line across from tho Karuah River, near the head of navigation, to the Williams, and the southern by a lino from Swan Bay In Port Stephens to a point about a mile to the north of Seaham on the Williams. It embraces the parishes of Horton, Wllmot, Tarean, and Karuah, but about 8000 acres of the original area — Indeed, the pick of the land along tbo banks of tbe Williams River — were alienated under the old Act. In all there were G4 alienations of about 120 acres cacb. These are now thriving farms, with frontages to navigable waters, and they were oil sold at an average price of £1 per aero. Apart from these tarms the land is practically worthless, except for grazing purposes, and not much good at that. It has been cut up into blocks of about 1G00 acres each, and Is now held by 30 tenants, who are paying an average of - Vt d or "3d per aero for it. Four blocks are at present untenanted. The ma jority of these men are In their second term — that is, they have been In possession over seven years. As previously mentioned, they are subject to a 20 per cent. Increase In rent every seventh year, up to tho end of their lease — 21 years. Two trial surveys in connection with the North Coast rail way extension proposal have been run through this block of country, one via Stroud and the other by way of Dungog. The tenants on these pastoral holdings don't appear to have much to growl about in respect to tho terms of their leases. At any rate they have not troubled the department on tills score. It Is not so much for them, as the agricultural tenants, that tbe amend ing bill has been framed. From the northern boundary of this portion of tho estate, through tho beautiful Avon Valley, right up to Gloucester —and further still— tho road runs through A.A. Company property. It is a magnificent stretch of country. The big paddock round the cattle yards at the company's Gloucester station, Just under tho lee of the famous Gloucester "Buc kets," as they are called, would in itself yield a comfortable income to a small farmer. The grazing cattle were almost hidden by the tall grass. To the extreme north-west of the portion of Church and School land referred to, and ad joining it, lies a long strip of the estate, from 8!& to four miles wide, and 57 long. It runs 'from the junction of Thalaba Creek and the Williams River right up to the Manning and Barnard Rivers, and includes within its boundaries the Monlcerai, Barrlngton. and Gloucester Rivers, and the parishes of Thalaba, Trevor, Faulkland, Veru- lam, Fltzroy, and Crosbie. Here again most of the frontages to the creek3 on the western side have been alienated under previous Aets — In fact, the best part of the estate lias gone in this way, and at a very low figure — viz., CI per acre. The actual number of alienations has heen G6, ranging in area from 40 to 300 acres— liiost of them about 200 acres each. Still, there Is some fairly good laud left. The principal agricultural settlement exclusive of the alienated portions is on the Bar- ringtou River. There wo found about 44 farmers —all tenants of the Minister for Public Instruc tion. On the Gloucester River there are 10, and en tbo Monlcerai only four. There are also 31 pastoral tenants on this estate, making 89 In all. On tbe Barrlngton Estate there is a pub lic school for the tenants' children, and an abori ginal settlement, while on the Monlcerai they have a public school and quite a respectable School of Arts. Tho Minister did not visit the Glouces ter River tenants, owing to press of time. The agricultural portions are leased in blocks averag ing between 35 and 50 acres, and at the back of the Barrington farm3 is a 5000-acre lot of pas toral laud, in which the whole of the tenants have a share. Tho road from Gloucester to Copeland crosses tbe Barrington farms near their northern boun dary. Wo took this road, on the second day of tho tour, but loft it for a time with a view to making an inspection of the different holdings. Starting from Mr. Shaw's farm in the north, tho Minister travelled down the eastern side of tho river, crossed it six miles lower down at a ford, and returned on the opposite side to the starting point; and then on to the mining town ship, which is named after the present member for Fltzroy. He was accompanied by most of "the settlers, on horseback, and they took caro to point out what they thought he ought to know about their position. Their principal grievance is floods. In ordinary weather the Barrington Is easily fordable in dozens of places, but when heavy rains fall It rises in next to no time, and sweeps fences and barns away with unfailing regularity. Tbe banks are low. and there appears to be no remedy for It at present. One naturally looks to a paternal Government, as landlord, to make up the loss — at least Crown tenants gene rally do, and it Is to be feared that some of these good people, Instead of buckling down to hard work after a flood, are Inclined to lean too much on the political powers that be. Most of tbem have been on this land for the terms of their natural lives. Years and years ago the A.A. Company leased the whole of the estate from tho Church and school trustees, and sublet portions to the farmers, who now reside there. When the company's lease fell in, about 15 years ago, tho estate was re-subdivided, and put up at auction on the terms now existing, viz., a 21 years' lease, with a 20 per cent. Increase in rent at the ex piration of every seventh year, all Improvements to become the property of the Crown at the end of the term. The majority of them have there fore entered Into tho third term of their leases, and are consequently paying 40 per cent, moro than they originally contracted for. They say that they are now much less able to pay In creased rent than they were 15 years ago, and, ipso facto, they ought not to he made to submit to the 40 per cent, jump, quite oblivious of the fact that they put their own prices on the land at open auction, and entered into the agreement with their eyes wide open. Speaking generally, they are now paying an average of lis per acre for their farm lots. Some more, some less, ac cording to the character of the land. Mr. Nor man Shaw in the third term of his lease paid nearly £1 per acre, and others as low as as. A few of the tenants are now paying lis for land which is honestly not worth more than us, but that Is not tho fault of the landlord. The fact appears to be that the tenants do not adapt themselves to circumstances, as one would expect. Two of tho farmers, occupying adjoining lots, have seen tho necessity for this, and they are tho only two who havo the reputation of doing well out of the land. Mr. James Grant holds 120 acres. He is in his third tertii, and pays £33 9s Sd for his farm. Mr. Angus Beaton, who is only just past the second stage, pays £2-1 Gs Cd for 132 acres. '.Both these men have turned their attention to pigs Instead of corn, and the result has been more encouraging. This notwithstanding, there is no doubt that the Barrlngton farmers have suffered severely from floods in the past, and It is admitted that there Is a want of elasticity in the present law, which prevents the Government from allowing any remis sion of rent in consequence. Whenever it has been done the law has been virtually broken, and even Ministers cannot always act thus with lrnpu- uity. The new bill which Mr. Garrard intends to introduce during the course of next session does not actually give this authority, but it pro vides for re- appralsemont of the land every seveu tutll.iv, 4.M4. uv uini; IMUl lllJJJ might act as a sort' of two-edged sword. They havo no guarantee that their rent will not be raised at the end of the first period, instead of lowered, and they don't relish the uncertainty. True they would have the opportunity of appealing to the local Land Board, and if necessary to the Laud Court; but tbls affords tbem little conaolatlon.Thoy want their rent fixed for the full term of the lease — 28 years — under the new bill. More than this, they want It appraised on tbe unimproved value of tbelr land. This is only natural. They want as much as they can get; aud after all It seems rather hard to make a man pay more for his farm because he happens to have sunk his capital in it on houses and fences and what not. In tho early stages of tho trip, the Minister could not see his way to entertain such an idea at any price. The first interview with the tenants brought out a declaration from him which almost staggered them. At the same time they seemed to appreciate his straightforwardness. He told them plainly that if they were wise they would not insist upon this point, for they had not a ghost of a show of getting any such thing. Later on. however, he somewhat modified this form of expression. When the Monkerai settlers approach ed him with the same request, he would not give them a decided answer. He would think the whole matter over In the light of the knowledge he had picked up round about, and he would treat them as liberally as ho could. He had continually to remind them that it was bis duty to get as much from these lands as ho could, consistently with doing justice to the tenants, for they were handed over to him, as Minister, for the purpose of rais ing revenue for carrying on the work of public instruction, mo was uoing more tor mem wau tbey were actually entitled to. He was giving them tenant right in Improvements, for instance. This they admitted; but still there was tbls other thing. They had little else to complain of. A few little matters In the new measure puzzled them, but when they were explained all objections vanished. Those whom lie visited on the Monkerai River all felt the 3ame about the subject. Their farms are not so liable to flood ns the Barrington residents'.' Taking the tenants as a whole, they do not appear to be so badly done to after all. It Is to their interest to get as much as they can out of the Government. It is In- terstlng to note, however, that in spite of the tale of woe which they tell to the Minister, there aro.other fanners in the district who would like to change places with them.' Ono of those — a tenant of the A.A. Company— told the Minister that lie would much prefer the Church and School Estate as a landlord. He would be prepared, more over, to rent one or two of the farms on the Bar rington — which he mentioned — en the same terms as now existed, and pay even more for them than the present tenants. 