A French Prophetess Up-to-date people In the present day pride themselves upon an enlightened pceptlcism in regard to much which their forefathers held to he Immutable truth. But no story Is too absurd, no preten- sion too ridiculous, for the same ad vanced persons to swallow when its color- iriappen to strike their fancy. T, The atest instance comes-fqojtn Parls,where the -couritrjNnln- of Voltaire arid'Benan have given what interest they can spare from politics to the avatar- of the Angel Gabriel, who lis -to be seen (n the :very apprppffi-te situation -of -.the Rue de Faranls. W"oix3Worth spoke'of the "old credulities to Nature dear," with regret that they were no longer permitted to "bloom upon the ptock of .history." Cases like this of Mdllei Conedon, otherwise known as "the Modern Prophetess/' show that Wordsworth gave himself quite a premature' concern. History, it is true, no longer turns a credulous eye upon Johanna Southoott or the Cock Lane Ghost, .the Devils of Moraine or the Vir gins of Loudun, with., which some far more respectable stories have gone by the board. But, in return, the spirit which engendered the mediaeval faith in witch craft and possession is still alive, and> finds a home in the bosom of Matthew lArnbld's "average feehsuat ; hAn," ap (matter bowflifferently, choose Ijo express it. no story which bears on tl)e supernatural is too grossly improbable tqi .be welcomed with open arms 'by those who cater for the popular taste. > Whether a hypnotist proposes to outdo the deeds of. witchcraft, or Mr Edlstyi gulls a reporter with absurd tales , of> Impossible' -warlike engines, :or a healer claims supernatural assistance frfr his unproved cures, or the Angel Gabriel, discusses Egyptian politics, the gobe-; mouches are ready to gape for (his story, and the sciolists hasten to build new theories of the universe "upon his "factsj" In all ages the great majority have been5 equally Au-edulous. But our time pr-4: Jesses, to the aaagef sciepce,,aiM that Is the!'cririous'paatiof/jhe The fact is that modern scientific progress hris passed cleah' Over the' heads of ordinary people; It exists only In Che ampler ether of laboratories, the serener.air of philoso phical transactions. The ' Ujuly marve|l- lops rpjljs of, pcience ha\» HmAessed Xliemseweb on: the . general. niirife( jwe the methods which led.toa themj an< by which they are'weighed, remain , ri r|High and aqpLT\??r feafeffrunr fhb "wolfs blatdt- JAw and the dull ass's hoof. Those who see on all hands such practi cal riiiracW, as the t stekiri-engine. tha £eJephon, arid the plibnor&p;<hni@P ac cept the conclusions -of the bacteriologist and the astronomer, see nothing more Surprising in telepathy or astrology, since they have no conception of the toU some processes by which science sifts the' false from the true. Both France and America have lately furnished such striking instances of this that it need be no great matter of sur prise If we shortly see another Johanna Southcott in this country, talking a blas phemous Jargon of the Second Coming, and making a handsome living by the sale thousand YocirHilWpred 'Seals of Salvation, at the price of ! twelve' shillings to a guinea hplece. Theroteston ; of the French "prophetess" consists in sending her mouth to the Angel Gabriel, who speaks by itwiththeobject of --saving;! as many souls as possible. 1 Great catastrophes, according to her. are at hand ; the friendly Archangel lias, predicted that a large part of the globe will 60onA-be- destroyed .by a visitation from Heaven, and that ' France, after falling a victim to the most sanguinary of all her Revolutions, will soon he re duced to half her present size. The Parisians are so eager to listen to this rigmarole at first hand that Mdlle. Conedon is engaged a month ahead, as if she were a successful play at the Lyceum. Poor and rich alike, Jews and proselytes, atheists, and Freemasons, princes of science and princes of the Church, the clergy and. pious church goer crowd her ante-rooms. The scien tific -opinion, indeed, -Is that of Dr Dumont-Pallier, who has described the ! young lady in question as une folle et | une farceuse. But scientific opinion has I the very smallest influence upon the popular mind, which Is too hungry for- the marvellous to consider whether It is I digestible. Further evidence of that is supplied by the recent excitement into which the United States were thrown by Schlatter, the New American Messiah, as his dis ciples called him. This impostor rose at a bound from ,ja cobbler's stall to a station in the celestial hierarchy quite too exalted to be named. After a fast of seventy-five days — what a chance for the late Mr Barnum !— he began faith- healing, with the usual success attendant on such claims. The halt, the blind, and the cur)ous!flpdked3nto Denver from all parts of' 'Colorado, "the holy blissful Schlatter for to seeke," and quite a number of them said they were cured. Schlatter at once went to the top of the medical tree. Letters from the suffer ing poured In at_the rate of over a thou sand daily. Handkerchiefs were blessed and sent out to those who could not attend In person, and by their means a boy "suffering from a terrible chronic catarrh . . . was entirely cured," and the world was gravely assured that "the sensation of touching the hand of Schlatter was something like an electric current being turned on." So widely 1 was his fame spread that a special ser vice was started by the Union Pacific Railway, bjr -which a happy day at'Den- ver %.nd "a" fleeted miracle were placed' within the reach of thousands of excur- sionists for a dollar.- -"World," 