NOTES AND COMMENTS. Stupid Comments. With reference to the recent Encyclical which, if the cable can be believed, was issued by Leo XIII., and dispelled certain allusions entertained by those who desired reunion with the Catholic Church, the Herald falls into wearisome platitudes. The great daily is sarcastic, and one of its sentences deserves to be enriched with a commentary. Those who wish to join with Rome ' have only to give up the Reformation.' Yes, one must put off one's bad manners on entering a gentleman's house. They have only to abandon the 'claim of private judgment,' and, we would add, get rid of the thousand sects into which Protestanism has been rent by the same unhallowed liberty. ' They have only to surrender all of the teachings of science and philosophy which are incom patible with the announcements of Rome.' The Herald had hete a splendid opportunity of showing whether Rome is afraid of true science and true philosophy. Pasteur was a great scientist, and he was a fervent Catholic ; Descartes was a great philosopher, and he lived and died in communion with the Church of Rome ; and Newman, whose conversion, according to D' Israeli, gave the English Church a blow under which she still reels, knew something both of science and philo sophy, and yet he was delighted to enter the one true fold of Christ. The Herald writer seems to be unaware that infidelity has no such opponent as the Catholic Church, the other churches being stepping-stones to the denial of all the Christian doctrines. They should ' become as little children.' If New man, Descartes, Pasteur, and a host of others became as little children, it should not be unworthy of the great minds of leader-writers to put on the satchel again and learn what is truth from an authority appointed by the Founder of Christianity to teach all nations. -, ,. There are men who would burn Cremation. Qur corpses if thgy had the requisite machinery and permission. A recent lecturer before the Theosophical Society showed so clearly the advantage of burning the bodies of the dead that a petition was ssigned by persons present asking the Government for a few thousand pounds to purchase the plant needed for this incendiary design. This is the only intel ligible thing that has come to us from the lovers of the occult learning. Why should not the Theosophists pay for a crematorium if they desire one, and let their children keep the ashes of their sires in an urn, or the ancestral snuff-box ? Other people should no more be obliged to huy the machinery for burning the bodies of the Theosophists than to purchase sandals or a staff for a Mahatma. The lecturer considered that the present method of disposing of the dead has about it the romance of sentiment. How would he read the beautiful passages of Washington Irving on ' Sorrow for the dead,' ' Go to the grave of buried love and meditate,' ' Sorrow for the dead is the only sorrow from which we refuse to be divorced.' If this is senti ment, there is method and reason in it. *#* A Old ^ie e^ec^ons m Canada have Protest resulted in the defeat of the Government, and in what is called a ' Liberal victory.' We never heard that Canada was overridden by an arrogant aristocracy, or that it was crushed beneath the burden of an effete conservatism. How the change of parties, therefore, can be called a ' Liberal victory ' we do not know. It is sufficient for us to be informed by the cables that the change of gentlemen in the Canadian Ministry has been brought about as a ' protest against clerical domination.' This peculiar phrase has become so stereotyped that it no longer causes much sensation or vague dread. Protests innumerable against ' clerical domination ' have been made annually for the past nineteen hundred years. It was a as protest against clerical domination that St. Peter was beheaded and St. Ignatius and St. Polycarp cast to the lions. It was as a protest against clerical domina tion that Nero illuminated the streets of Rome with the tarred bodies of priests and deacons. It was as a protest against clerical domination that Irishmen were butchered mercilessly for centuries, and the Irish priest hunted as if he were a wolf. That it was necessary to cable out here the fact that secularism was 'protesting' in Canada seems absurd. Surely Freemasonry and irreligion ought to feel ashamed! They have protested against clerical domination so often, and still clerical domination is so strong, that they are delighted to feebly protest against it still. How is it that they cannot, with all their newspaper and cable gram resources, change humanity, and make right and wrong but the -shadow of a name ? How is it that they cannot convince men and women that we are but as the dog and the horse ? It is due, we suppose, to ' clerical domination.' The inactivity and incapacity nei la. Q£ ^ Government during the present session are simpty alarming. Bound less were their promises and magnificent their pretensions, but legislation of any serious kind is a blank. Every other night the ghastly ghosts of Freetrade and Protection stalk across the floors of Parliament House, and members of the various parties wax eloquent in repeating the out rag ously dull platitudes about the benefits of each fiscal system. Wealth, happiness, and prosperity attend on both. When Mr. Reid came into power he cast aside for a time the policy of Government by platitude and humbug. He actually did some work, and, whether for good or evil, effected some legislation. This was a state of things too bright to last. Work is again suspended, and our impoverished people have again to listen to arguments, ancient as the gum trees of Australia, about the relative merits of Protectionists and Freetraders. A change of parties is always magical. It cures every national evil, retrieves every national disaster, sets the machinery of thriving industry in active motion, and lines the poor man's pockets with bank notes arid gold. How often have politicians coolly addressed an unemployed crowd in this strain. Mr. Reid has now been so long in office that the opposition against him is becoming intense. His own inaction and seeming helplessness are crushing him, and he will soon have to make way for others, who will carefully carry on the policy of promises and talk. We want municipal reform, we want federation, we want a thousand and one other necessary measures, but party Government stands in the way, and we can hope for nothing. Meanwhile we can laugh, in the midst of our misery, at their abusing one another, and upbraiding one another with making too free a use of the public funds. Politicians have lost all sense of the ridiculous. 