ST. JAMES'S CHURCH. Unveiling the Memorial Tablet. Yesterday morning the services in con nection with St James's Church were con ducted by the Bishop of Brisbane, Dr Webber, and opportunity was taken to un veil the memorial tablet, placed in the church by a ^number of the fiicnds of the. deceased gentleman, as a memento of the interest he took in the work of the Church, and of his many benefactions toil. The in clement weather naturally had the effect of diminishing the attendance ofworshippeis, but nevertheless there was a considerable number of persons present. At the conclusion of the Litany, Bishop Webber announced his intention of unveil the tablet, and accompanied by Mr Mac michael, advanced to the southern transept upon the eastern wall of which the tablet is placed. Mr Macmichael, removed the veil, and the Bishop pronounced the words, ' To the memory of James Taylor I dedi cate this memorial in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost,!1 con cluding, the simple ceremony. Bishop Webber subsequently preached an eloquent sermon from the nth chapter, and part of the 28th verse of St. John's Gospel. ' The Master is here and calleth for thee,' in which he said the words of the text applied with peculiar force to the special season upon which they had entered ; they formed a very apt Advent motto. If the Master's call were dwelt upon it w.-uld be found that it impressed our inner consciousness more strongly, and the tones of the call sounded more deeply, as life went on. The first utterance of the Master's call in early life was perhaps addressed less to us as indivi duals than to those who have charge of us. nc uiu nut prupubc to enier upon tnc ques tion of the age at which children might he held responsible, but if the subject were reflected upon it might be found that the age was earlier than we are in the habit of thinking. In early years the Master called to us in the words, ' Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the Kingdom of God.' He counselled that the example set before the ? children should be such that the seeds of ill doing will not require to be eradicated ; no stumbling blocks should be placed in the lives «f the children. But life passed on and the child became a youth, when again the sound of the Master's voice with deeper ;ones could be heard speaking, '. Son give ne thy heart.' In tones of love the Master's roice speaks, ' Son give me thy heart,' and hen arises the question of whether the routh will yield what he believes is his :reedom in submitting himself to the will of :he Father. He has yet to learn that in obedi :nce to law he will find true freedom. True freedom is bound in obedience to a :rue ideal. It is this service which is perfect Teedom, and when we have accepted the jervice we have entered upon the enjoyment Df perfect freedom. Life is then being lived in accordance with the true lines of its being; we enjoy the fullest libeity which is possible. Lite proceeds and the child be :omes father to the man, and the Master's :all seems to deepen more still as life moves on. Now He speaks more seriously, 'Go work to-day in my vineyard.' Life is no time to loaf ; it is the time to labour. ' We have all a work to do if we can only see it in a true light. We can do a work for God even in our secular avocations by rilling to the best of our power the position we are called upon to occupy. Though we do not discern the work, it does not go unrecognised. God recognises it. In time of sorrow and of sickness the Master's gentle tones are heard calling, ' Come unto me all ye that travail and labour and I will give you rest.' Once more life moves on and shadows lengthen and the voice speaks again, 'Give an account of your stewardship for thou must no longer be steward.' 'lhat voice comes to all of us ; but we do not realise the serious responsibilities of our stewardship Sooner or later to us must come this call of the Master's voice. We have heard the Master's voice in childhood, in youth, in manhood, in times of trouble ; once again it comes ' Give an account of thy stewardship foi thou no longer may'st be steward,', and we realise we were only stewards, that nothing came with us and we can carry nothing away. His Lordship then referred to the assist ance given to St. James's Church by the late Hon. James Taylor, who only a short time before he was stricken down with his last illness wrote to Bishop Webber in reference to ^1000 he had promised towards the erection, of a cathedral in Brisbane, and said ' I fully intend to carry out my promise regarding the subscription.' Illness however did not allow him make the necessary provision and his trustees could not legally carry out his intentions. It was, however, to be hoped that in time to come his intentions and the desires of his heart would be fulfilled. Those present knew perhaps better than he did that the late Mr Taylor had done what was in his power towards helping forward the work of the parish here. It was not for them to say if they had such means they would have done this or that ; they might have done less. No one could realise the difficulties that beset those that are around him ; it is not for us to say how our brother's stewardship has been realised ; we are only responsible for our own stewardship To his own master each one of us standeth or falleth. The Master docs not call us in crowds, he singles us out one by one and calls to each. He is calling by the voice ot His church and the utterances of His servants. He calls us now; He has called us in thy earliest years, in youth, in manhood, in times of trouble, and as the shadows benin to darken and life's curtain draws round us. We should live then so that when the last summons comes to give an account of our stewardship we may not be ashamed of that stewardship. During .the service the hymns 'The Advent of Our King ' (48) ; 'Let Saints on Earth in Concert Sing' (221); and 'Freely ye have received, freely give' (3^5) were sung by the choir. Miss Marlay presided at the organ. The memorial tablet, which is of white marble inset in black marble, has been placed on the eastern wall of the southern transept. It_ is very simple in design, in accordance with me rviauca ui kite mcuua ui mi. i«iv wi Taylor. The inscription is : — In grateful memory of the Hon. James Taylor, M. L. C. For many years a church warden and representative to synod, the donor of the site upon which this church is built, and one of its . most liberal benefactors died '?'?.' - ?V, Oct 19th, 1895. .'.??? ;?':. ?'.'?. Aged 75 years. erected by parishioners ana friends. The making and placing of the tablet was entrusted to Mr \V. Bruce, and has been executed with the beauty of finish which characterises the work that emanate} from his hands, 