LIFE IN JOHANNESBURG: * I Mb: George E. Wallis,' of ForcstLodge, has received a letter, f&m; which^he'foHow; Ing are extracts, from—a friend Who tofts settled 1 in ' Johannesburg.- He writes from the standpoint of one who has visited that city in guest of profitable 'employment, &ud; his letter will therefore be of interest to the many who are anxious to visit Johannes ourg tor a similar purpose, me writer says: — ? 'This explosion (of which more anon): has.'.iinodc the building trade look.up a bit, of course, as oyer 500 houses of one sort or another will have to be rebuilt ; but they are mostly very small shanties, occupied by Hindoos, Syrians, Jews, Kaffirs, and every imaginable variety. of coloured races (and Dutchmeul). ' There is a pretty full account of the explosion in the paper I send you, but the descriptions giyjen quite fail to give a proper conception or appreciation of the jcatastro phe. I went out yesterday afternoon, and spent about two hours on tbc spot and vicinity^ and also went to the bottom of the big hole cxcavated by the dynamite, which looks like a dry dock in proccss of construc- ' tiou. Small bits of steel rails and stocl sleepers lie around, crumpled -up and torn i like bits of brown paper. As to whore the | woodwork and most of the ironwork of the j trucks is, it would be impossible to say. Every house within 500 yards is completely and utterly destroyed. Literally not one stick is left upon another, nor in the mass of fragments is it easy to tell whether any furniture was inside, the manjglcd remains .of iron bedsteads, twisted and torn to pieces, being about the most frequent articles to meet the eye. 1 noticed a good-sized clock case, quite uninjured except for the door being missing, but the works had disap peared with the sole exception of tlie wire on which the hours are struck, and this was straightened out; also a piano, the key board of which was blown through to the back, so as to face the back instead of tbc front. How that was done would puzzle old 'Solomon, I think. Further away the houses are only pushed down, roofs off, doors disappeared, and generally wrccked, so as to require pulling down (and a great many won't need much pulling, either I), and fpr two miles round windows were broken iu every direction. Most of the shops iu the business part of the town had many of their platcglass windows smashed up. A shop as big as Hordeus\ in Pitt street, had every window broken, and for a length equal to, say, from Hunter-street to Liverpool-street, hardly a single house or shop escaped in the principal streets, and you must remember the nearest part of them was at least a mile from the sccnc of explosion. Of course no Britisher has the ghost of a show of employment in any form under the Boer Government. Since I've been here I have come to the conclusion that the sooner this country is annexed by Great Britain the better it will be for everyone, the Boers included. They are so ignorant and out of touch with the world. All then' ideas be long to the last century, and their strongest feeling is that of hatred, mixed with fear, of England, although many of them believe that they could whip England if they wont to war with her 1 Still they have a lurking fear that they would come to grief in the struggle. You must l-emembcr that men, women, and children don't cxcecd 100,000, and you will have some idea of then' incred- ible stupidity and conccit. 'As a sample of their 4 management, ' take the Post-office here. There is no delivery at all 1 Everyone has to go and get then* letters at the post-office, which is a small place, about the same size at the Paddington one or William-street, and this 1 for a town of at least 100,000 inhabitants. You may imagine what it is like whenever an English or Australian mail is delivered ; there are only two clcrks to attend to a crowd of several hundreds, most of whom have to wait in the street. It is at least a week before many have a chaucc to get their letters. At the newspaper countcr there is only one clerk, and he dumps down all the papers under a letter, such as N, for instance, in my case, and leaves one to take what he likes out of them. And of coursc many arc not too particular. I heard one man say to another, * Well*. I'm going to take the first ' Bulletin' or ' Australasian' I come across,' and the other only laughed. The money order and the saving^ bauk de partments have only one clerk each, and when you remember that nine-tenths of ail the revenue of the country is raised from the Hand and Johannesburg, and is spent in Pretoria, and in buying arms and ammuni tion in Germany for the purpose of keeping it in subjection, instead of in the place of necessary, work, such as sanitary arrange ments and water supply, etc., you get some faint idea of the spirit which animates them (the Boers). ' The sanitary arrangements here arc simply abominable, and quite account for the prevalence of typhus fever and small pox. The only thing to wonder at is that both diseases arc not much worse. Tbc hospital was quite full, and could, if they' had room, have 100 more, all fever patients, and all whites. Tho blacks arc made to lie outside in tents. This was be fore the explosion. ' To. give you some idea of the vents here in the better parts of the town : The house I A.m working in has nine rooms and a kitchen, and bathroom, and pantry, also stableB, and the rent is £85 a month. A four-roomed cottage is not considered dear at i2l0 a month, and a furnished single room hardly be had under £1 a week I I should strongly advise people not to come here at present, and until this trouble is all settled. There is very little fresh building starting. One architect, who bad over JE30,000 work ready to start prior to the crisis, has had £25,000 of it cancelled by the cUents who employed him, and many others in like proportion. The works caused by the explosion will not ? last long, and will be mainly for carpenters, and done as cheaply as possible. No one but trades men should come here at all. Wages are very low in clerical or shop lines, and niggers do all laboring work, and are also chambermaids ! and nurses, fttyd 'everything else, except mechanics.' — 8. M, Herald. 