TOPICS OF THE TDfES. A CHOICE SELECTION OF IN TERESTING ITEMS. Comments and Criticisms Rased Upor the Happonlngs or Lho Way— Uistoricui and Nows Notes. A bunch of Louisiana rice shows a yield of 4,500 grains from a tinglo seed. The submarine telegraph system of the world consists of 120,000 nautical miles of cable. At Amherst, N. S., recently, Lev. Dr. Hartley lost a valuable ring. He -navertisea^biitrgotr iw"ti8fii'Baffin?ih~a dream revealed to him the fact that tho ring was under his bed, and he found it on one of the slats. In London the daily papers talk of bridges for pedestrians on streot cross ings, where the crowds and tho vehi cles now often make an impassible jam. This was tried on Broadway at Fulton streot. New York, but the bridge was so little used that it was taken down. Tiie grave of William H. Crawford, who was United Statos Senator from Georgia from 1809 to 1313, thou for two years Minister to France, and a forward Secretary of War in President Mndi son’.s Cabinet and Secretary of tho Treasury under Monroe, is unmarked by so much as a tombstone. Gin Non, a Chine <o merchant of Riverside, Cal., is about to return to China to seenro himself a wife, and in order to be allowed to laud upon his return, ho has drawn up a certificate setting forth who he is, and had his photograph pasted on the same sheet, and had the different county officials sign the document. The theory that there was a connec-' •ion between Babylon and China in ancient times has much in its favor, and ns tho idea seems to be growing iu im portance it may be interesting to know that it was suggested by an Amoriean, Lev. William Frederick Williams, in an unpublished letter addressed to Lev. Leonntd Bacon, D. D., and dated June 15, 1853. The document is preserved in the library of Yule College. No objection was made to the mar* lingo of a young Louisville couple; yet, for i tie .-nice of romance, they executed a sensational elopement. They met by appointment at 3 o’clock in the morning and boarded a locomolivo for a country town. There they routed a justice out of bed in tuo small hours and were quickiy made one. They then returned to tho city, wliero tho bride roused her parents and introduced her new hus band. The Yassav Aid Society, whose ob ject ir to promote friendliness among tho-e wh i have graduated from the col lege and also to help needy students, held its first annual meeting in New York recently. President James M. Taylor, of Vassar College, said that $42,000 had beon expended by the trus tees of Vassar in the aid of students who wero anxious to complete the course. The college, he declared, would spend in a similar way $11,000 for llie present school year. Tiie man who considers that the home duties of u woman are inferior to the political work of a man must be either a bachelor or blind. The very bighest qualities of the heart and in tellect may be exercized by a mother, sister or elder daughter, in watching over tho physical, mental and moral growth of the children in her care. Heroic patience and vigilance that never tiros, an adaptation of means t<i the end, a careful study of individus] traits, a keen psychological insight; may liud ample room for exercise within tho four walls of even a humble A I’liETYv bird story comes from Wo tvillo, Conn. In the summer of 1889 Mrs. A. K. Burwell found in her doorymd a youug robin which had fa leu and hurt itself in attempts to fly. She tenderly cared for it, and it in time became a strong, healthy bird. It be came quite tame, seeming to desire no greater freedom than the house af forded, and would answer at the whis> t'ed call of members of the family. It lived there for a year, when it was taken out of doors, and after hovering around for a while, disappeared. Lost week tho bird returned to the house arid voluntarily resumed its hospitable quarters there. Fifty years ag'- there was no reason to doubt the correctness of Bonpland's ihei.ry, that the depth of the deepest ?en corresponds to the height of the highest mountain; hut the supposed maximum of live mites has now been found to fall short by mure than 6,000 feet at three different points—nearly mid any between the Island St. Helena and Cape Lopez, on the west coast of Abi.-a; sixty miles south of tho Maidive A-chii oiago, and in tho “Group of Abvsse ,” as Capt. Baudissin calls a Dumber of lomarkabie depressions near the ea-tern oxncmiiy of New Guinea. A worn it inn contemporary is com •jlaiiiing liiat the te- deucy of current iterate.e is to eneouiu.co the belief in ghosts, says tiie Loml u Vic.k-Mc-Uf. This is, perhaps, a little sweeping in ts charge, but there aro certainty one or two papers that are d .ii.g their level, best to make us believe that the wail of (lie cat on tho dust-hole is the cry of the spirit from the vnsty deep. Thou there are two or three well-meauiug, but painfully misguided societies that will send half a dozen representatives down to your place to get particulars of the ghost you hear inside your wall paper, and which subsequently proves to be tho baby nest door with indigos Two and a half miles south of the little Mexican village of Las llummet tas, in Western Arizona, is a low, sandy vailoy, flanked by tall mountains, there is a hole about three feet in diameter ' TiPrttj3l-pnk-ip\TT>-slauth:'-~lrora--whicU„jx_ donse crowd of smoke and steam is con-' staidly arising. For 100 feet on each sido of the hole the ground is moist and healed. Water collected in tho hoie3 which has beon dugiu this moist ground has the tendency to make one very wakeful, bosides giving tho face, hands nud feet a paralytic numbness, livery evening at 7 o’clock largo vol umes of sand are shot from tho hold, pi ccedcd by a roar that cun be heard Tiif. report from Germany that Prof. Ivneli lias abandoned loelui'iug in conse quence ofliaving discovered a cure for consumption hv inoculation will stimu late curiosity not only in medical circles but throughout Christerdom. Any •eienlist who prorossos to bo able to rob lliis modem scourge of its terrors neces sarily become* au interesting figuro in the big world. Prof. Koch’s original experiments were a; parentlv successful in tho identification of the character istic germ of tills di-ea'-o, although the re ill to wore questioned by high medi cal authorities. If he has now followed in Pasteur's truck and discovered some effective means of iunouluting patients against the disea e, the development of his curative [system will be watched with eager into; est in many countries. A publisher was saying recently that the Chautauquau circle iu this country is largely responsible for the pie-ont marvelous interest in Latin and Latin literature. At no time within •ifty years have so many text-hooks, jommentaries and translations been uinied from the press. The tendency if llic colleges to make Latin aud Greek ipti >nal studios, instead of allaying this 'utoro-'t, seems to have oxciied ambition imong budding scholars all over the "ountry to master the dead languages. Since the first American translation of Vi gil a year a two ago the publishers’ wo ds are full of MSS. of Virgils, Horaces, Ovids, and Lucretiuses. At least two other schools, besides Ann Arbor University and Washington Seminary, arc planning the prodnotion of classic comedies also. The Paris corespondent of the Lon don Morning Post says a curious Btory has leaked out as to how M. Constans, tho Minister of the Interior, managed to frighten Goneral Boulanger out of France and thus bring an awkward sit uation to a climax. Tho minister knew that one if his subordinates was in daily communication with the General and in formed him of everything that passed at tho ministry. Knowing that Boul angor was restless, M. Constans scrib bled on a slip of paper: “Arrest B., U., aud D. to-night.” He then called his subordinate to give him some in structions and toyed with the slip of paper while talking. On pretext of be ing obliged to give an urgent order the minister left his desk for a second and the thing wa3 done. He saw by the face of his employe that he had road the pa. er. Ho then seut the clerk out on an errand not requiring haste. Soon afier M. Constans received a visit from one of Gun. Boulangor's domostios, whom ho employed as a spy, that his stratagem had succeeded and ithat preparation for a flight had been made. From trifling iuvontions large for tunes are ofien made. The pea for shading iu different colors yields an in come of $200,000 per annum. The rub ber tip at the end of lead penoils has already made $100,000. A large for tune has been reaped by a miner who invented a metal rivet or eyelet at each end of the mouth of coat or trousers pockets to resist the strain caused by the carriage of pieces of ore or heavy tools. Au equally useful invention is the “darning weaver,” a device for re pairing stockings, under garments, etc., tho sale of which is very large and in creasing. As largo a sum as was ever oblui-.ed for any invention was enjoyed by tho inventor of the inverted glass boil to hang over gas to protect the ceilings from being blackened, and a scarcely less lucrative patent was that for simply putting emery on cloth. The gimlot-poiutcd sorew has pro duced more wealth than most silver minor, aud the American who first thought of putting copper lips to chil dren’s shoes litis realized a large for tune. Upward of $10,000 a year was made by the inventor of the. common need e tb eader. To the foregoing might he added thonssnds of trifling but u.-elul articles, for which large sums have been paid. Tho field of invention is large, and oj en to everybody, with ■ut le.’peot to rex, age, or station. A man in New York has in his pos •ei-iim a tin box full of stock certificates hat cost him $05,000, aud are now uterly worfhle-s. Many a clever gentleman has failed ■u make his mark in life, owing to the want of a dress suit. 