The Hoppop of Lesion Downs. -By Ernest Favene.) ffimna SB station was seemlag fggg 7 ly deserted. ? There were [J& f- no fregh tracks about, ym jpic^the ashes of the kit :'iE ? c^n fire-were cold arid Jf* : V lifeless. Save for tlxat, -£*-. everything bore the ap* ilj*\ pearance of habitation— &# JO nothing disturbed or In jS\T confiisioji, the threeleg ifc W ged pot hanging in the f * fireplace' had a, piece of '£r- sodden beef in the grea ?'*^. sy water, a dishful of ? thick sour- milk stood on a shelf, and there ^ere two or three small loaves of hard, stale bread. 'What do you make of it, Denver?' J ask ed my companion, 'Make of it? Can make nothing of it kefs go through the house.' We did 80, but the puzzle only grew more complex. Everything, again, was in order and undisturbed. A half-finished letter in the handwriting of Irving, the owner of the station, lay on the table hi the little ekilUon room he used as an offi.ce. Wljat to think of it we did not know. .; 'How long is It since yon saw Irving?' I asked Denver. 'Not more than ten gays ago. He was over at my place.' 'Did he seem himself?' 'Well, not quite; he had some queer trieks I never noticed before. He kept starting suddenly, and wiping his face with his hand kerchief, then looking at the handkerchief as though he expected to find some stain on It.' 'Don't suppose he's gone mad, and killed everybody on the station, How many were there here?' ? 'Himsejf, two men, and a cook, and a co lored gardener. No; I don't think he has had a fit of homicidal mania, although he was a most passionate fellow.' 'What was the colored gardeaer? A China' man?' 'No. Hanged if, I know where he came from— Java, I think. He was a good gar dener, but a sullen, morose fellow,? ? ? . 'Well, let's try and knock up a feed of eoine 6ort Wonder where the key of the store Is?' We found the key of the store, and got something eatable out of jt, then sat down to our meal, and discussed the strange desertion of the station. Suddenly Denver sprang op with a naughty exclamation. 'Look at my plate,' he said. It was spotted with fresh'droppea blood! 'It was not there when I sat down, and youre! Look— look at yours!' By heavens, mine was the same! We stared at each other in consternation. 'Let's start home,' said my companion. 'My appetite is ruined. He picked up the bridles, and went down the little home paddock for our horses. I strolled towards the garden, which had been formed near the edge of the lagoon the sta tion had been built on. It looked well, and spoke favorably for the care it had received; it had not been left untended long enough to yet show any signs of neglect. I entered the hut of the colored gardener. It was neat and tidy, but what instantly attracted nay atten ion was a large sheet of newspaper fastened to the walL On it, daubed in vivid red, was an Oriental sign of some sort covering nearly the whole of the double newspaper. I cooeefl to Denver, and presently he came down, 'What's the meaning of that?' I asked. 'Can't say. Looks like some obi business. See, there'6 been a fire burning in front of it' He stooped down and looked at the ashes, then smelt them. 'Queer; smells like pastile I ashes.' i He had been rubbing up a pipeful of tobac co between the palms of bis hands as he f spoke. Suddenly he dropped. It on the ground with an oath. He held bis hands out to me. They were stained, as though he had been squeezing blood out of tne tobacco. 'Come away,' he said; 'the place is curs ed.' We left the hut, and he washed and scrubbed his hands in one of the little trenches which still held some standing wa ter. We discussed the strange thing as we rode home through the moonlit night, but neither of ns could arrive at any reasonable solution of the mystery. The next evening we were smoking in the verandah of Denver^ place, when we noticed a horseman approaching. He rode up to the rail where we generally hung up our houses, dismounted,' and. walked up to the house. 'It's Irving,' eaid Denver quietly, as he rose to meet him. It was the ghost of Irving. Haggard, worn, and thin, with haunted eyes, he came towards us. 'Give me something to eat, Den,' he said, in a tired and hollow Voice. 'Tea will be In directly,' replied Denver. 'Come and have a wash, old man, and I'll tell one of the boys to let your noise go.' 'Wait a, minute,' said Irving, sinking into I one -of the canvas -chairs, and sitting staring moodily in front of him. 'We were over at your place yesterday,' I remarked, the silence feeling awkward. jl Dan .utc ulauxlo, uc jlci.uj.iicu, duuiuj. 'Where are the men?' asked Denver. 'Left, and gone in to the township.' 'And tie gardener?' ? 'Mozra Khem. I've been hunting for him.' We were all silent unfli the clatter of plates announced the incoming of the meal. 'I wIU go to your room, Den,' said. Irving, rising. . '???.?'. At meal time we avoided the subject upper most in 6\ir minds, and talked, pt :. indifferent local matters. Irving ate voraciously— the man was actually famished. At times he looked suspiciously at his plate and his food, but nothing happened. We both suspeetec that he was looking for. the ghastly blood drops.- - , The night was calm and mild, and we had eat smoking in the verandah for some tune, when Irving suddenly said: 'Did anything strange -happen to^you when you were over at iny place?' '. ' \ 'Yes,' returned Denver.' 'Blood, I suppose?' 'Yes, blood appeared in the most myster ious manner on our plates; we came -away without eating.™^ 'A. fortnight ago,' went on Irving, 'Muzra. Khem, who had been long strange in Mb man ner, lmd a row with The cook and the other men. He accused them of -putting- blood in bis bread. I must tell you thatMuzra. Khem is a native of Sumatra, and'ijeidngs: to some fflyeterious £ect~or orbtherhooa; ^wtio are sup posed to, be : possessed of1 many s|-ccttit secrete, mostly -'-::«vil* spells ;&ixA; curses: ;'They are eitict--w0ssb^&^';4xA^ taste ? blood or flesh is to them utter ,tlainnatlon._ ..... I. had warned toe anen '^to:-pTay/s;aip . tricks, as he weald: probably Srjinr ^ainok^ if V; they did, fcQ* do X^^^bi&^Janyl,; ^jJxWfc- - was,, v played on ??1iim^5-::'rfliei-':i *Men ''' ? ;' jail;;..-?;'' swore there wM^t--.J':--^''4^!^'^t-ii|J^^;'^^4tife! kitchen, ^aMl^B^^'^ait'fgT.:^ 3tot;-*rom.^3ie oven, ^^J^f^t^bu^^ioe ^i&eiffiSliy; %Jupli meat or ,gi^u^i^--TSie ^ook.- could only «jxpla1n matters ?by.^(&^sij^^^t,-a:::bit of the! red; yarn in the Iflf^bag/.nka' got Into the flour and etainedi^aie ibread; anyhow Mozi^ Kliem came :^vf^^ hand pi^arM||»*wipe 'flieni .all but !' ''yfe:. . were going ^^ib|l^ J^ker&tag; mBj^ of the men had JiMt |pad^ the jgnn 'to shoot : the ; beast. He f'^Qvere4 Mnzca arid ; nj&tie; ^Slm halt, for he «t£ll-3iad sufficient sense for that, although if he bad once -commenced stabbing, nothing but- death wi-nld have stayed 'hlm- Finding himself foiled, be catne over to where I was standing in the Teraodah. ^talking up he commenced to explain Ms wrongs, *nf not being in a good temper i told him 'to fee off to ?* the garden. Then he burst out raving and, throwing the -bread at my feet, made an at tempt to jnmp on the verandah, knife in hand, but I knocked him down on his back, and before he got np had him covered with my revolver.'. I ordered him to drop the knife. He did so, and then spat twice in my face. ?: -. You know what -a fiendish ? temper I am afflicted with. I lost all control over ; myself at this flhamefol insult from a nigger, and it's a wonder that I did not km him ?n the spot; but a sweeter punishment suggested itself. I told the men, who had come to my assistance, to go on up to the yard, and made Muzra Khem go up too. 'When the beag t was shot and stuck, I seized him, forced him on his knees, and with all the' strength of rage bent bis face and month down to the gushing blood. Then I let him go. He got up stiffly, for l must have nearly broken his neck. My senses suddenly returned, and I would have given anything to have undone what I had done when I saw the awful took of despair in the man's eyes. If there -is a hell, lost souls must wear that look. 'He looked round, at us with, those torment ed eyes, then stooped, dipped his hands in the blood, and, with a rapid movement, sprinkled all of us with it. Then he passed out of the yard, ran down to the lagoon and plunged in. We all knew he could swim like a fisji, «o went on with our work. 'All that night there was a light in his hnt, and I beard sounds like some one chanting, for I could not- sleep, in the morning he was gonet and on the wall was a sheet of newspaper, with fiome cabalistic eign eerawl ed on it in red. I tore it down and burnt it' 'It was there when we were there,'* I said, 'That is the third time it has been replaced, which shows that he is still hanging about. That morning toe curse of the blood drops commenced, I came over here, meaning to tell you. Den, but when it came to the point I feared your laughing at me. When I went home J found the men with their horses sad dled waiting for me. They were good fel lows, who had been with me some time, but I could not blame them-^I' would have done the same myself. Next the blacks all left, and I was quite alone.' He paused, 'What have you been doing sjnce?'? asked Denver. , 'Hunting for.Msara Khem. When I find him I'll torture him to death, but rjj make him take the curse off.' Denver got up. 'Old man,' he said, 'what you want is a long sleep. Come and have a real good second mate's nip, and then turn in.' Irving rose, and we went inside. l looted quietly m his room the next morn ing and he was sleeping soundly, 'Let him sleep,' eaid Denver, 'It is what he wants.' It was nearly 11 o'clock before he woke. He .seemed much more composed, breakfasted well, ana, though both Denver and I offered to accompany him, he declined, and rode off home alone. A week afterwards be visited us again, looking a different man. 'I've shifted it,' be eaid, after the greetings were over. 'And Muzra Khem?' asked Denver. 'Please, old friend, don't ask me any ques tions. Muzra Khem is still alive. Let that suffice. I will stay here to-night, and tomor row morning I want you boys to come back with me, and, if you can spare the time, stay a few days while I either get my old lads back or fresh ones.' We agreed cordially, glad to eee things straightened up again. Irving got hte old men back; he was a popular^man, like most fiery tempered men, who have a thing out and have done with it. It is the nagging men who are disliked. The story had, of course, spread, but it had been laughed at na turaily, and the talk soon died out Irving, it was noticed, put great constraint on Ms temper ever since the Muzra Khem in cident, but he never unclosed his lips about the means he had used to bring that gentle man to reason. . Only he confided to Denver that. he was engaged to a girl down south, of whom he was passionately fond, and that he would have shot himself if he had not suc ceeded in lifting the curse of blood. He also assured Denver that he had only used a dire and inhuman threat to Muzra Khem, but had not injured him, that having been sufficient I had left the district for some time when I received a letter from Denver. 'Wretched news, old fellow/' he wrote. 'Our poor friend Irving was murdered in his bed the very night before he was starting south to get married. He was stabbed to the heart with a dagger, and on the handle was tied a paper with the following legend on it It was written in what was meant to be English, and I have straightened it out, and send you Its purport ' % Muzra Khem, once of the select, now a beast, did this thing to the white devil who made me a beast. The white devil caught me after I had put the curse of the dripping blood on him and all of his. He was very quiet, but his hands were of- iron, and he bound me to a tree, fastening my arms be hind me. Then he drove pegs in the ground and fastened iny ankles thereto, so that the dead could have moved as easily as L Then he looked into my eyes and spoke: ''Muzra Khem, how many hells are there?* 'I answered 'Seven.' ' 'And ' after I have Idlled you where will your soul go?' . ''Into the body of a tiger, and for a thou sand years I shall roam about thirsting for blood.' .???-?_ 'The white devil laughed. % 'There won't be many tigers left hi a hundred years, let alone a thousand. What becomes of those who go to the seventh hell?' - ' 'None dare tell,' I answered. , . ' 'But I know,5 he- said. 'It is the eaters of men's flesh, who go to the seventh hell. Muzra Khems unless -you remove the curse of blood from, me and mine, you shall go Jto the bottom of that helL Listen! I will cut pieces of your flesh off, and you shall eat them before me.' 'I looked in that white .devil's eyes, and saw that he had power over me, and I bowed my head, for I knew he would do what he said. .-??''?. ' 'I will take off the curse of the dripping blood,' . I answered. ' 'And never curse me .again? By what will you swear?5 . ' ~ ' 'I will swear by the «even trees with the seven branches which only the wise bave seen,' I replied. \ ; ''It is enough.* he said, , and /released me. 'We went back to the station, and I took off the curse of tiie Gripping blood, but I did nor swear-that I would not kill him 'when his «yes were closed, for when they were open .they had power over me. It Is done.' . '?'Of course,' added Denver; 'the hue and cry Is after Miizra, -'tout to my humble flpjin^n, ^ey;^ 