Our Tuesday's Tale. A SHATTERED IDOL. If love at first sight be possible, I cer tainly was xu love with her. It was in my young days, when I was visiting Paris for my amusement. I had been strolling about the city all the morning, and towards noon fonnd myself in the neighbourhood of the Faubourg St. Germain, when I caught sight of the beautiful unknown. She was plainly though tastefully attired, and had evidently been marketing, for she carried several parcels, and was accompanied by a peasant girl, with some bandies of vegetables. Never, I thought, had I beheld a bring so beau tiful. For days and days I lingered about in the hope of meeting her again, but without success; and at last I made up my mind that I would try to for get Z had ever 6een her. At about that time I made the ac quaintance of M. Angus te Verrier. He was a person of venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchial beard. His appearance did not be-, token wealth, but Mb generally culti vated bearing suggested that he had seen better days. We first met in a cafe, to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon foundfrom his conversation that he was a man of considerable edu cation. After we had met some half-dozen times, I happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertain ing to art. He then informed me that he was a painter by profession, and in vited me to accompany him to his stndio and inspect some of his works. I assented^ and he conducted me to a crazy old half-timbered house, long since pulled down, in the Faubourg St. Germain. Here, having ascended to to the topmost storey, we entered the studio, which presented a rather re markable appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, stacked against the walls, and rows of dusty shelves, with books, casts, and human bones heaped upon them. In one corner was a life-sized model of the Apollo Belvedere. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a com plete suit of armour, and grasping in its extended fist a truncheon, remind ing me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining corner stood another figure, which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to protect it from the dust. All about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, halberte, and ! other weapons in pictnresque disarray. ' After showing me several of his '■ paintings, which were not^ indeed, ' works of very high merit, M. Terrier j asked me if I would take a cup of cof- j fee ? I assented, and he rang a small ; hand-bell. In response to the summons a young ■ lady entered, bearing black coffee and cigarettes upon a tray. A thrill of de lightful surprise ran through me as I recognised, in her the unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly im pressed me on that memorable morn ing. I trembled all over j I grew hot and cold By turns, and vainly endeavoured to suppress my agitation. Whether Ml Terrier noticed my em harassment or not -I cannot say. To my great gratification he introduced me. 'Permit me,' 6aid be—'Monsuier Clayton, my daughter, Mademoiselle Annette Terrier.' I bowed, and the young lady re turned my obeisance, blushing slightly as she did so. Then she withdrew, after handing us our coffee and cigar ettes. I prolonged my stay inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Terrier wonld re appear, but she did not, and I took my leave at length, resolved to use every means for'becoming better acquainted with her. One day I met M. Terrier in the cafd as before, and our conversation hap- j pened to turn upon games. I men-j tioned that I was fond of d carte, and ! asked him if he ever played. j 'Alas, not now, monsieur,' replied I he: ' for you pee I have to be at work 1 every hour of the daylight, and my ■ physician does not permit me to go out I in the evening on account of my as- I thma, so I am obliged to give up my game.' 'Bat surely, mousieur,'said I, 'your friends might play with you in your own rooms f * I have no friends,' said he, ' who care to spend their time in amusing an old man. Ah, no, most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter. I hinted pretty strongly that I at least would only be too happy to play with him. ' Well then, monsieur,' said be, ' since yon are so good as to say so, if you will name any evening that will be agreeable to yon, it will give me great pleasure to take a hand with you.' ' I suggested the same evening, at any hour he pleased. - * Shall we say 9 o'clock, then,' said he. 'And if you will do me the honour to sup with me ' | I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness! I should see Annette, should converse with her. and should be able to strengthen the favourable i impression I already believed myself ! to have made. j M. Terrier rose to leave the cafd, : muttering in a half audible tone as he ; did so, ' I mast remember to get some cards, for I have not a pack; so long j since I have played.' ' Play do not trouble yourself, mon- I sieur,' I exclaimed, 'for, as it hap- ! pens, I have two new packs at my hotel.' j He thanked me and walked out. I The time came, and on my arrival I • was ushered by my host into a «mall i and barely-furnished room, where a ' table was laid for two. Our supper j was very simple; it consisted of bread, ! cheese, and salad, with red wine. An nette attending upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wine. She talked little, and when we had finished eating she brought cigars. I now had to submit to a disap pointment for which I had been totally unprepared. Holding out her hand to me she wished me good.night. She was going to retire 'for the rest of the evening. . ... An interval""*^silenee- ensiied. My. companion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinking of Annette. I now told my self that I loved her—yes, this feeling must be love. * Come, then, monsieur,' said M. Terrier, at length, • Shall we play f I assented, and he led the way to the studio. Everything was precisely as I had seen it on the previous occa sion. . M. Terrier motioned me to a chair, where I seated myself facing the easel, which was covered with a large white wrapper. M. Terrier now re moved the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view an unfinished sketch, in oils, of his dauglter An nette. I have said that he was a painter of little ability, and the work bebre me was either by another hand, or the subject had inspired the artist to put forth unwonted power. It wastrue to the life. As I gazed at the portrait, a lew in coherent expressions of admration broke from me. M. Verrier miled, and drawing a small table towaflsine, placed wine sand glasses upon'It, and took his seat facing ine. The game . cominenced j, we played high, and, I seemed to lose about 300f. in no time. I was a good player, but I did not pay sufficient attention to the cards, partly from my desire to in dulge my opponent in his humour, but chiefly because my thoughts were run ning upon Annette, and my eyes con tinually wandering to her portrait upon the easel. M. Verrier gathered up my stakes with the cool indifference of the veteran gamester. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier, for the first time, challenged me to bet. I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if he knew every card in my hand—a species of know ledge that would mean everything at ecarte. I began to suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I had brought with me, and it was therefore impossible that the backs could have been marked In any way. What was the secret of M. Verrier's marvellous play 1 I resolved to watch him, and, if pos sible, find out. He had just dealt, and was waiting for me to examine my cards before taking up his own. He was gazing placidly before him through his spec tacles when I paused and looked him sharply and suspiciously in the face. Not a muscle of his features moved, as I slowly gathered up my cards and prepared to examine them. His face told me nothing; and could I expect to discover his secret by peering into those immovable eyesl Would not such a hope seem vain 1 Vet it was by such means that I did discover it. My band consisted of the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. In tak ing up these cards I bad scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and yet I could see, in the spectacle glasses of M. Verrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost forgetting for the moment that the man before me was the father of An nette, I turned sharply round, and was just in tithe to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan wise, rapidly disappearing nhder the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the corner behind me. I had seen the faces of the cards. They were the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave and king of diamonds. I roughly tore off the drapery, and disclosed to view, not a lay figure, hut the beautiful form of Mdlle. Annette Verrier, holding in her hand the cards which she had been telegraphing. 