“MANY an animal rejected by the Jewish Rabbi as unfit for consumption by the Jewish people is handed over for consumption by Christians.” This is not the statement of a sensation monger, but of Mr John Comrie, honorary inspector of stock for the Ballarat district, to the municipal conference that met on Satur day to consider the question of tuberculosis in beast and man. We have referred to this matter often before; in fact, have been for a long time past urging the municipalities to take steps to protect the health of the public; but its great importance fully justifies a return to the subject. The preservation of the health of the public is of much greater moment even than the construction of roads and bridges, important as the latter is. Mr Comrie’s statement- upholds an argument we have frequently advanced in favor of a more complete supervision over our sources of meat supply. The average longevity of our Jewish fellow-citizens, their general health and vigor of mind and body, and particularly the lower rate ■of infant mortality amongst them, are all proofs of the importance of attending to such matters. There •can be little doubt that, by observing the wise sanitary laws of Moses, Hebrews have more than the average bodily health and mental energy, and are thus enabled to enjoy the best of this world. As an American exchange remarks:— “This 'Mosaic law has given to the Hebrew race that vigor and hardihood which have brought it safely, again and again, through perseontions thntmust have rooted out weaker people, and -to-day, when tho foremost savants of the nineteenth century are painfully search ing out-the genasi3 of disease and laboriously devising romedies, tho immunity of tho Jews in the midst of pestilence once more indicates the reason of their survival, and emphasises tho triumph of thesr sanitary system. No other race has been willing to accept such a discipline, and no ether race, therefore, exhibits similar vitality and exemption from epidemic disease.” It is strange that, with this proof of the benefits of looking after the parity of our foodstuffs, the colonies have for so long been neglectful of one of the first elements of prosperity. But it is to be feared that too many representative men entertain views similar to those enunciated by Cr Kennedy, of Grenvilleshire, who declares that as our flocks and herds are tolerably healthy, no action to eradicate disease is necessary. He has known persons who have eaten fluky mutton, and are still apparently healthy; ergo, it is unnecessary to take steps to prevent the spread of fluke. Dr Gbesswell’s rejoinder was that of a public officer who recognises his duty : and is prepared to perform it. The present inspectors, he said, do not know disease when they see it, as skilled veterinary knowledge is necessary to detect it. He hinted that if, in face of the experience gained in the old country and here, nothing were done in this matter, “such an agitation would be raised as would sweep pre sent councillors from office and re place them by men who were will ing to protect the public health.” The reproof was spirited and justified by the circumstances. It is this spirit of indifference and negligence on the part of councillors that has to be fought against. The health of the cattle may be as good in this district as it is in other parts of the world; our aim should be to make it better. Not only is there the public health to be conserved, but on the lower but still important ground of commercial advantage we should see to it that our herds are as free from disease as modern science can render them. We want an assurance that innocent babes may be fed upon milk without a fear of their imbibing the germs of future disease; dairy herds so healthy that we may secure all the advantages of bur climate and maintain the top price for our butter; and last, but by no means least, cattle intended for the shambles so free from taint or disorder that phthisis as the result.of eating affected meat will be unknown. This can only be achieved by a thorough system of scientific inspection, and municipal con trol of the inspectors should be the most efficient. There, is a continual demand for an extension of the principles of local self-government, it is now for our municipal representatives to show that they are worthy to be entrusted with increased- powers. Cr Shoppee has at least shown a full recognition of his duty, and a desire to dis charge it. Saturday’s conference sepa rated without any definite step being taken, because the delegates were not authorised to bind their councils. The latter have yet to consider the matter, and it is to be hoped they will show themselves equal to. the occasion. Otherwise Dr Gbesswell’s hint may become a reality, and the municipalities may find .their powers diminished instead of increased. Another prominent Australian poli tician has gone to his long home. Early yesterday morning Sir Henry Pakkes breathed his last, and by his death a great gap has been left in the ranks of New South Wales public men. True, advancing years had of late accentuated his crotchets, and to some extent deprived him of the vigor that was one of his chief character istics in his younger days, but to the end he was a power to be reckoned .with. A glance at his career recalls a galaxy of distinguished men in politics and letters, most of whom predeceased him. The Right Hon. W.B.Dalley, Sir John Robertson, Sir James Martin, the Hon. Robert Lowe (subsequently Viscount Sherbrooke), Sir Alfred Stephen, W. C. Wentworth, Daniel H. Deniehy, Sir Archibald Michie, and others were his peers and helpers in building up the destinies of the colony. Some of his best work was done before he entered Parliament, as secretary for the Hon. Robt. Lowe, and a prominent mover in the agita tion that led to the discontinuance of the transportation of convicts to Australian shores. Asa private citizen, too, he took part in the successful agitation for a reduc tion of the franchise for the old Legislative Council. It was about this time that he founded the Empire , which during his seven years’editor ship was the most ably conducted newspaper in New South Wales. In its columns many a popular movement was'initiated, and it was conducted with an enterprise that marked most of the politician’s doings in later days. In 1554 Sir Henry was elected to the old Council, and two years later he en tered the new Assembly elected under responsible Government. Sir Henry (then Mr) Parkes was always- found on the Liberal side. In politics he was a staunch freetrader, and received a gold medal from the Cobdon Club for valuable services to the cause. He first became a Minister of the Crown in Sir James Martin's Administration in 1866, and during his term of office secured for New South Wales a national system of education. In 1872 he formed his first Government, and subsequently held office as Pre mier on four occasions, his five terms covering a period of 12 years 11 months. He also had the honor of leading the longest-lived over four years —and strongest Ministry that has held office in New South Wales. In 1877 he was created a K.C.M.G., and eleven years subse quently a G.C.M.G., being at his death the only Australian holding that title. Sir Henry was president of the Federal Convention that sat in Sydney in 1891, he having been one of the prime movers in that famous gathering. He always took a great interest in the question of federation, and • if. of late the infirmities of old age made him at times a stumbling-block in the way of the realisation of national aspirations, it will always be remembered in his favor that he was largely responsible for convening a body that came near to the achievement of them. Sir Henry has died full of years and of honors, and it is to he hoped many years will elapse before his eminent services to his adopted country are forgotten. In view of tho high rates at present ruling for flour and the goner >1 need for economy tho committee of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum last evening decided to make an alteration in tho ration scale under which poor people outside tho Asylnm are supplied with food. Iho matter was mooted by Mr J Phil lips, who proposed that the allowances of flour should bo reduced and that four pounds of potatoes should be allowed in lieu of everv pound of flour so disallowed. At present each adult is allowed two pounds and each child one pound of flour per week, nnd Mr Phillips averred that in many instances a portion at all 6Te M ’ ; th n °H n!l V° f °S 8 ™ w not used and coaid with advantage be replaced by potatoes winch, he thought, would prove to be eqally good if not better as an article of food, whilst involving less expenditure to the Asylum According to a calculation made by him a saving of Hs could be made per week bv ths adoption of his proposal In the ease of rations granted .to people in the country dis tricts the amount of flour conld bo reduced from 20 pounds per month to 12 for adults and from 13 to eight for children, the balance being made np in potatoes, at the rate of four pounds of potatoes for one pound reduction of the amount of flour. The pro posal met with general approval, and ns showing that no injustice would be done to the recipients of aid it was mentioned that Dr Gresswell had informed Mr Shoppeo that four pounds of potatoes was nearly equal to one pound of flour, and would be more beneficial to the people. The committee adopted Mr Phillips’ proposal, but decided to allow the recipients the option of talcing the potatoes in lieu of the flour. • The finance committee of the City Council met last night to deal with tenders for supply ing an improved sanitary servico iu the city. Seven tenders were received, and that of Mr H. Carr, of Prahran, who has the sanitary con tracts in some of the Melbourne suburbs, was recommended for acceptance under certain conditions The torms are 10s 6d per pin per ; year for a double system in tho centre of the I city, and Os 5d per pan per annum for a single i system in the outlying portions of tho north j and south wards. Mr Carr, who will erect largo buildings For cleansing and other pur poses at Victoria Park and do tho work with improvod waggons, agrees ta purchase all the necessary pans iu Ballarat and employ only local labor. Plan3 of the buildings, carts, &c.;, wore submitted to the council and approved of by them. The contract will probably be pnt into operation at tho beginning of June, after notices have been served upon householders. The question of altering sanitary arrange ments to provide for the carrying out of tho new system will bo considerel by the council at their next meeting. Mr A. M’Vitty, whose produce stores were gutted by fire on Sunday, yesterday dis covered, on looking over his papers, that there wa3 a policy for .£250 in the United Australian Company upon the sawmill shed and carpen ters’ shop at the rear of the produce store. The total insurances consequently amounted to £B5O. None of the machinery in any of the buildings was, however, insnrod. Numbers of those who have visited tho scene of the out break and noted the proximity of the timb-r yard to the stores, speak in the highest term3 of praise of the work done by the City Brig ide under Captain Marsh, and of tho Billarat 'Brigade under Captain Trahar. The charge against William Bell, a resident of Creswick, of having performed an illegal operation, was heard at the Town Police Court yesterday. Mr Hamilton conducted tho pro secution, and MrM’Dermott appeared for the accused. Tho evidence of Matilda Milhoff showed that she had resided in Geelong, and on the 14th January she came to Ballarat and took np her lodgings at the Exhibition Board ing-house, kept at that time by a woman named Mary Gibson. Whilst there she met the accused, and on the lG;h January the alleged offence was committed by him. Bell told her to keep the affair perfectly quiet. The next time she saw the accused wis after she had given birth t» a child. Bell said, “Ton are all light-now,” and he asked her for some money.. Witness told him that she had given Gibson £2 to be paid to him. The accused said that he had - received it, but wanted more, and she promised to send him some later on. Bell then remarked, “I will trust yon to send it to me; my address is North Creswick ” Dr Salmon next gave evidence regarding th 9 post mortem examina tion on tho body of a prematurely-born child, and Daniel Harris as to having found the body in a shaft at Scott parade. Mary Gihson, Henry Howard, Senior-constable Nedweil, and Plainclothes-oonstable M’Pherson also gave evidence. After ihe accused had attempted to prove an alibi on 16th January, the bench committed him to. take his trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court on the 4th June. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £lOO each, ana his own recognisances for the same amount. The charges against Matilda Mal hoff, Mary Gibson, and Emily Borlase, of concealment of birth, were adjourned until Thursday. Mr Tuthill appeared on behalf of Mrs Gibson. Mr G. Lovitt, one of the members of the committee of Ballarat Benevolent Asylnm, gave notice last night of his intention to move at the next meeting of the committee “That tho secretary bo requested to in future devote tho whole ot his time to the collection of sub scriptions in aid of the fnnds of the institution, and that the assistant secretary should devote the whole of bis time to the clerical work of the asylnm.” This action is proposed with a view to improving the financial position of tho asylum. The legal proceedings in the maintenance cise of M 033 v Young, which have been be fore the courts since January, 1895, advanced a further stage yesterday. In this case the complainant sued John Tonng, who lives with his parents at Broomfield, for the mainten ance of his two children. ' The case was heard at the City Police Court, and an order was made against the defendant to pay 7s per week. Shortly after one of the children died and the other was committed to the care of tho Department for Neglected Children. Young appealed against the order to the General Sessions, and his Honor Judge Chomley, while confirming the order, varied it, owing to the death nf one of the children. Young was afterwards summoned to the City Conrt to show cause why the arrears had not been paid, and an order was made against him. An appeal wa3 made but the proceedings fell through. On the 12th March last Yonng was again summoned to the City Court for non complianOe with the order made against him, and the magistrates—Messrs Heinz and Clark, J’h.P.—ordered him to be committed to the B \llarat Gaol in the event of his not comply ing with the order. Yonng refused to pay and elected to goto gaol, where ho has since been confined. Subsequently an applica tion for a writ of habeas corpus to show why the defendant should not be released from custody was made to the Chief Justice, who granted a rule nisi. This came on for argu ment yesterday, before Mr Justice Hodge3, who made the rule absolute. Young will n>w be brought formally before the Supreme C'inrt and hia discharge applied for. Air Herbert Barrett, instructed by Air Gill, appeared for the defendant, and Mr Weigall, instructed by Air Tuthill, for the complainant. An offer by Mr J. A. Berriman to give £3 per annum for a lease for grazing purposes of Bussell Square was considered by the works committee of the Town Council yesterday. Tho applicant said that he wonld not inter fere in any way with sports in tho reserve, and promised to keep tho fences in good order. The committee recommended that the offer be accepted for one year only. The board of management of the Benovolen Asylnm met at the Board room. Camp street last evening. There were present—Jlo-sr3 Al’Naught (president), Gale, Josephs, J. Phillips, Edwards, Carey, Showman, Coltman, Archer, Scott, Lovitt, Cooke, Coghlan, J. T. Phillips, Coutts, Dimsey. A uumber af appli cations for relief were doalt with, aod a quantity of unimportant correspondence was received. The incomo for the fortnight was reported to have been £lll5, inelnding £lO6O being the quarterly allowance from the Government. Tho various whose efHc_e3 had become vacant owing to the incorporation of tho institution, ware re appointed, and tho meeting closed. Me33rs Josephs, Long, Gale, and Glenny, J’s.P., presided at the Town Police Court yes torday. when two boys named Thos. Cleverly nnd_ Wm. Al’Cartuey were charged wth having stolen five pigeons belonging to another boy named John Albert Johns. The lifer stated that on Saturday night he locked up 23 pigeons in a house, and on Sunday morning he found the lock missing, together with five pigeons, which he subsequently discovered in the possession of Cleverly. The two accns and gave evidence, and stated that they wore partners in owning some pigeons, and on one occasion Johns had taken some of their birds, and it was only in retaliation, and without tnv folonions intent, that they acted as they did. The magistrates believed their statements and dismissed tho ca3e. Air Tuthill appear and for the accused. The butch alluded to the fact of Johns having 'come into court with a dirty face, and thought it was very disre3pectfnl on his part. The bowling match for tho championship of the Ballarat Club, fo have been played yester day by Messrs J. Houston and J. Williams was postponed until this afternoon, nwiner to the indispodlion of Air Houston. By this afternoon it is oxpectod that the groon will bo fairly keen, and a3 the match is exciting great interest, it is expected that there will be a large attendance of spectators. Arrangements have been made by the Bail way Commissioners with the Treasury for the payment of increments to the junior clerks of the Enilway Department for the current financial year. Tho concession is made to those drawing salaries of less than £l5O per annain, and will apply to about 400 olhcer3. lim incromonts are granted on the recommendation of tho heads of hraoch«s according to the merits of each officer and range from £2 103 to £l2 10s, Messrs M’Naught and Cooke, J’s.P nr r. sided at tho City Police Coni t yesterday.’ Two old men, who had been arrested for drunken ness, wero oich discharged with a caution. John and Thomas Alurphy, who woro each charged with having used obscene lanr-nago and assaulted Constables Slater and Thomn son, were, on the application of JlrLuzirus who appeared for the defence, romandod until’ S , er / ea , nt Moran applied for cost-, ?£l tb A, dof , e , ada r t3 wera ordßred to pay 7s. Both of tho Murphys wero released on bail \ corirt ° bt 011308 W - efa “ ISO d6alt With by t,,e At the meeting of tho Town Council works I from m AT« a Tr e3(erday ° I ,° ttor waa received from Mrs Thompson, applying for compensa tho loi,a of her who was killed through falling into tho Yorrowee creek, near Nolan street bridge. The matter was postponed in order to permit of enquiries I ma ?°- An oirer by Mr M. Dowlas to remove a honso off Ford Rtr o et for £l5 com pensation was consider-' I, and it was d°c : dod to offer £lO. A petition, roqno-tiiU the and l Mr B T fc V' ? la ?® b * twaan Gilbert’s ana Mr J. Bichards properties, in Barkly atrest, was received, and it ~ " recommend that it shonld bo eL , i dea to clerk of works reported Th a street contract had been complete,! t Tobo 2 mitteo visited and passed the wml- a oo ®* suggested that the street bo cutdnt’ l , and two feet next year. own ttn eths» Yesterday Senior-constable Da'v-r young man named James M’EllWs ed * charge of having deserted his c |, ; ' ° B a warrant for his arrest was issued aMt, T . ha stance nf the mother of the child r, m " He will appear at the City C n ,,!e i? a; morning. uurt tbi^ The fortnightly meeting of the Pie,. a of the Australian Natives’ Assooint' lac!l held last night under the predden Manderson. There was a " r J. It was decided to vote -El to the Sonth^ I *' Debating Society’s demonstration Het £1 to the distressed m-mb-rs’ fn„ r i and, f a ,? a Daylesf.ird branch. S.x new ac'i™',,, ° f . tll9 and one honorary member w-re nr™ a Accounts amonnting to £l3 in, ..P°=M. passed for payment. It was a.ina U ,, c 9 i ?, st9 the prize of £2 2s offered by the branch L a 5 member proposing most new members dm!, the half-year w,s won by Mr L Eva„= n .mmaied 10. Notice of motion v.a 3 J v ' , h ° dispensing with the present mo lica”l B system in favor of the “list system.” A report by the Town inspector on dangerous holes in Cbarleswonh and W? 9 streets, and on some buildings i n " at «l which are unfit for human ocean,tinT. 3^ 66 ** considered at the meeting of the Tom (’ works committee yesterday. I- ~° aaci t to have the holes referred to filled nn I inform the owners of the proper * lO plained of that the buildings must be at Cm repaired, or they would be condemned The commi lee also considered the r-quejtofr exhibition committee for a donat.onMrl ferred the matter to the council. ' te * It will be learned with plea n, O l• friends that Dr Gardiner, of tha n,u e Hospital., who is at present diphtheria, is rapidly recovering a ‘ Tlie members of the Town C!, U ncil works committee yesterday paid a visit to th» 1W Xavier reserve in nrd-r to a-ttlo anv di-put“ between those engaged in n,iuim- th-re A amicable arrangement w s como” to bet*™! the variou- parties. ar.d it was deeded that tha original prospectors should h,v 0 o,)q f “j' on the line of reef, Fi'zna-det Maloney 200 feet adjoining, and Mr G Si m . mond3lso feet. ’ The annual public me-ting i n conn»et; n ™ with the Wesleyan Homo Mission ■ was held last nieht in the Lydi.r,] street ■ 'hnrch* Tliero wi.s a large attendance. Mr Jimcj Oddia occupied the choir. The annual report Was read by the secretary, Mr M. H. Stevens and showed that the interest in the mission work had I'een well sus'ain»d in th o Ballarat West, circuit. Addre-ses worn delivered tho chairman, tho R Sisters Buih and Lucy, of tho Cental Mission Melbourne. Tlie -i-ters cava a most interest* ing ..oconnt of the work dime bv the mission and rel ‘ted a number of amusing and pathetic incidents.- During the evening a quartette party, consis'ing of M sses E. and A. Thomas »nd Me--rs W. Wilson and J. Dailey, sing very plea- ingly. Amongst th -s- preVent at ■he meeting wore tho Revs. R. PmlpandH. Howard. Prior to the meeting tiie Lydiard street Wesleyan Brass Bind pi iy„d a number of selections in front of the build ng. Mr E. H. Nicholas having resigned his position as organist at St. J ha's Presbyterian Church, Peel street, the question of tho ap pnintment of his success m will he considered at a meeting of the congregation to morrow evening. Charles Dickens’ beautiful and picturesque “ Chris’mas Carol,” which, tognher with “ The Cricket on tho Hearth," “ Tho Chimes, - ’ and kindred stories, is said to have played so important n part in reviving in England tha observmce of Christmas, wis tlie subject of a recital by Mr Benjamin Ho ,ro, tho we 1-kuown Melbourne jou- nali-t, at tho Australian N -tives’ Hall last nigbt. Mr Hnare, whi waa most heartily received, prefac'd his recital by speaking upon charitablo effort in the old country, and repeating the a sertion that “The Carol” was the mo-t eloquent lay charity sermon ever written. Dick-n-' beautU fnl composition wag then encred upon in a most na'nral manner, and in a wy which plainly evidenced tho reciter’s thorough grasp nf the spirit of the great anth-r, and his perfect appreciation of the beautiful word pictures with which tho work abounds. The miserly Scrooge at work in h'3 musty old counting-house; tho Chri-tma- dinner at Bob Cratchit’a, and tho juvenilo rejoicings over the all too rare goose an 1 pu l ling; the merry-making at tho nephew’s, in the light h mse and upon the sea; the death of little Tim, and the hollowness ■ f ihe desuic ,ble cant r-lotive to “the surplus population ” as ap plied to such as he, together with tha for* bidding virions re veiled by tho ghos'of tbs future were poartrayed iu a m i-terly m inner. Marley’s ghost, it was shown, t,ught miny viluable 1e330n- of benevolence and brotherly kindness. At the close Mr H are was ac corded a hearty vote of thinks, and M-s ; rs J. W. Kirton and R. M’Gregor, M's L.A., spoke in support of the motion. At the request of a number of the rate payer- cf tha ea-t riding of R-ponsbire the president ba3 enlivened a special meeting to be held at the Mechanics’ Hdl, S.nke Vdley, on Saturday next, at S o’clock p.m., to consider tho question of separation. John Julian, an inmato of the Benevolent Asylum, was charged at the Citv Po ice Court yes'erday with lunacy. Drs Holdmuso and Hardy certified that tho mm was of unsound mind, and the magi-trates committed him to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. At tho Town Hall, Creswick, on Sunday afternoon, a masonic service wa- camad ont nnd-r the au-pice3 of tho H>vilah Lodge- The c'lleo’ion realised the subsiantiil -am of £2l, which will be divided be'.ws-n 'ha Cres wick Hospital Ladies’ Benevolent Asylum, and the Allendale Relief fund. The proceed?, it will be n >t»d, wore of precisely the same ■■mount as that contributed by »n estimated attendance of 1(100 at tho Alfred Hall, Balla rat, at a sacred concert on Sunday. The assigned estate <>f Messrs A. E. Dana and Cos., drapers, Bridge sireot, his bran pnrcha“ed by Messrs King Bro-., who bsva secured the premises for a tow weeks. -L-jM King state that as it i- neceg-ary to turn tea stock into cash ns quickly as po-sible, tnsy will hold a great clearing solo, at wmea di apery will be almost given away. Elizabeth Ah°rn, 17 year- old. of TrntK L-nd, was admitted to tho H 3pi ai yestertajj suffering from an injury to her right ankle, caused by turning her font a week ago. J' 3 - Braden, 18, of Clyde stroot, was treat and at tna institution for a lacerated wound on the pain, cun3ed by the slipping of a butcher's kmK. The railway returns for tho ! 1 'St nr-di rkil -how a falling off when compared «irii ‘kg' 3 of the corresponding week in live ia3 to’al receipts for tho week were A.'.I.'WL against £41,021. The principal f ‘Ume was in tho goods traffic, th< rcc-iptsj or 1 ? s , week being -515, 739, as compared £20,063 The r-coipts from pass-ngsrs, M., wor.. £20,G64, tho amount for th- c ■rreaP’JM ■ng week la-t year being £20,1)61. The agg, " g.to to this date from th j Ist -Tmy t’2,025.259, a3 compared with £2.lU).v*) - the a une 10 months of ISO Ij, .dio'V'n,, weokly average of £47,699 and Ao, respectively. At tho fortnightly meeting of the Ops™ ll ™ Bakers’ Society, held in tho Trades Hu- Saturday, tha president being in the C,UI _! vo’o of thanks was tender'd t i the bakers for granting a holiday in Eigh-R° ' Hay. . , • A -trong demand is being experience I®-' now, says tho Anjus, for nearly every sin 1 tinned meat and vegetables for evporri,. stocks are now pretty well _ demand has originated principally in m Australia; but tliero i- no doubt t•'« - ’ Africa, if properly exploited, would - excellent customer. Tho circumstan that great portion of the crtli vrajri expectation that a great inflax of f-nterpr = and adventure-loving young En’h 4 ! l> ms continue, and this means a demand to served provisions for a l"ng tunc to com o - , addition, there is a demand fr on E"S?‘“ , h tinned r ibbbits, which will, doubtless, v met when the eeason arrive?. 