An Indescribable Sensation. To be easily desoritied a thing must have clear outlines and unmixed colors. Ia other words it must be simple. A rent in one's clothing, a boil on one's body, a tumble while walking, th« shape of a box, &c.;, are easily set forth in wjrds. On the contrary the complex and comprehensive thing puzzle the mind and take tbe mean ing from language. It was for this reason that Miss Sabina Mitchell, alluding to an experience of illness, says : " At this time there CCIDB upon me an indescribable sensation. It was as if tbe po*'i-rs of lite were going to fail me, and I should sink clown without help, ss a stone sinks in w-it^r. Yet in saying this 1 convey nr. adequate idea of the natnre ot that feelioar. I hope I shall never have it again. "Tbe illness whiih lad to it begnn in tbe spring of 1892. My health 8pp-!iired to give way ail nt ouci<. I found inyetdf tired, heavy, and feeble. My appetite was poor, and after eating I had much distress at the stomach and pain ot tbe ch^st and sides. My strength gradually declined and I became very low, weak, and nervous; and it was when in this condition that I felt tbe indesciibable sensation I have spoken of. " I soon became eo depressed in body and mind that it was with great labor and strain that I attended to my business. I was extremely downhearted and feeble, and cone of the many medicines t tried did ne any real good. In December, 1892, Mother Seigel u Syrup was comm< nded to me, and I begun aging it with, I confess, small confidence. But after having taken it for a few days I felt wonderfnl relief. My appetite improved, and eating no longer gave me pain. A short time afterwards the syrup proved its value in the matti-r of my disordered nerves. The nervousness disappeared with my increasing strength. Nowadays, whenever I need any mediiine, a few doses of Mother Seigel's Syrup seta me right. Having had eo convincing an experience of what it can do, 1 recommend it to all my friends and customers. You can make such nee as yon like of this letter. (Signed), (Miss) Sabina Mitchell, Marcham-Je-Fen, Boston, Lines, May 17th 1895." ' " In March, 1892," writes another lady, "my health began to give way. 1 bad lost my energy, and was languid and heavy in feeling. I had a sense of faintness and dizziness that was almost constant, and occsion&l; spills of sinking which I cunnot describe. Hot and cold flushes came over me, my mouth tasted badly, and after eating I bad a feeling at the cheBt like tbe pressure of an actnal load upon it. I never seemed rested, and awoke in the morning more tired than when I went to bed. I was also troubled with wind or gas from tue stomach, and raisfd a sour biting fluid. " In this mannt-r I continued to BOlfer for nearly two years, no medicine that 1 took giving mo any relief. In Jonuiry, 1894,1 got a small book and read in it of cases like mine having been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I immediately procured the medicine from Boots' Drug Slorfs, and after taking it about ten days felt mm h better. I could eat some, thing nourishing without p.ny pain follow ing. I kept on with the Sjmp and was soon in my former good health once more. You have my permission to make this statement public. (Signed), (Mrs) Ann Shaw 174, Barnslev Iioad, B;itsmoor, Shef- field, March 8th, 1895 " Toncbing the " indescribable sensation* alluded to by both la.iiep, an eminent medical author says: "It is a syncope without the loss of consciousness. Tbe sufferer has the keenest realisation of the bitterness of dissolution. I have eoen stawiwart men unnerved and shaken by such experiences till they trembled like aspen leaves." The cause is ao acid poison in the blood produced by indigestion or dyspepsia. The remedy is to purify the blood with Motbc-r Seigel's Syrnp, and to tone the stomach in the same way. Use the Syrnp on tbe approach of tbo earliest signs of weakness. The first dead-heat on record occurred at York between Button and Milkmaid in 1709 for a £10 plate, four-mile heats. " The runners came ao near together in rnnning tbe Jast heat tbat it could not be decided by the triers." A etory is told of a shrewish Scotch woman who tried to wean ber husband from the public- house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John «n his way borne. " Who are yon?" eaid the guid man, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bosh. " I am AnJd Ni^k," was tbe reply. «Come awa*, man," said John, nothing dannted. " Gie'a a shake o* your hand. I'm married tae a sister o* yours." The robbery of graves ia tbe only crime under tbe Chinese law for which the thief may be justly killed on the apot by anyone finding him oat. 