«?"V_ THERE^^B^ «origidecable amount of Burprjselllfti3eis6& Sn smart' circles when E^tH^^^limy -alieTliaving danced and ' flirted TBftwSgh' * af-wiiole- IiD'ndon season | with Gexald Kirkby, and climbed and flirted with' hiin 'afterward in S Switzerland, fipeliy |uad jeaddenly married, not-Gerald. J»TO^but''6spti5& Burton Joyce, who jijiesignedi his bachelor freedom' land his ^StiminisBiori in 'a -crack cavalry regiment at aoi&lm; ^aaditlhG same tiine. Society wagged fi'a 5ta- liead,'forSociety does not like to find that it has been put on a false scent: 'And though such changes of front as that which Edii^, JMarsdep "had performed are not Uncommon, 'Society was startled by the suddenness of the operation, which, on foreseen in August, was an accomplished fact "jin!.Novemi)er.^ It may have been partlyjiue to a certain conversation which Edith Marsden had had with her mother in Lucerne just before their departure, from- Sidtzwland. She was a good and caref ul iaother, who pointed out to Edith j&ati; as .-West -Indian sugar was not what *1|^f4^^'|wlbiBden income depended ^^aii^iyiin 'sugar), the family expenditure ' womd'haye to be considerably reduced. That as papa could no longer afford.to pay f ftlresseveiy^ month-rEdith j \ ^omd"uMlrstandi' "And, moreover, that' Captain Burton ^oyce, who was the eldest son of wealthy baronet, was ex #Mted|hateyeninginLucerne. ®^$?3rl)n fhihk I had better get Captain Burton Joyce to marry me, mamma ?' said Editii quietly. * My, de^r 1' ^exclaimed Mrs.. Marsden, * don4r put'-it 'bo coarsely. T wbuld not4 have you dp^viplence to your feelings on any account*. But Captain Burton Joyce ^ ^eaia the jbest of; reputations—' * Stupid men are usually moral,'said Edith in parenthesis. * jBut moral ineii are not necessarily stupid,'':rejoined Mjs.Marsden.And you must.sise that under the circumstances Gerald Kirkby is jout of the question, clever as he is. ,PHe has on]y seven hundred a-year besides what he makes by his poetry, band I am :told that poetry no wadayte 5 does not pay. . Now that your poor papa can: .only afford to Bettle the merest trifle upon you—the merest trifle, »:!toy® d'ekr; taarrying Gerald would be "-^oTCffy-^hsolute poverty.' '"4t» Sd Edith'Marsdefn went put and sat upon one of the benches under the trees l ,. wjbich look overtbe Lake of Lucerne, acid "1gt^ugK]fc about it She was undoubtedly in love with Gerald KirVby. He was clever :in the dilettante sort of manner which is posseted by a few, and affected by the majority of our young men who are jtfefther soldiers nor City men. He had , msAe & Bucces d'estime with a play or two, and had followed up that success with a ; volutoe'ofverse, which fashionable' ladies kept upon a side table in their biidoir. ~ Butrbfefore half an hour had passed, Edith ®Earsden had decided to throw over - Ger ? > wS IQrkby and to marry Captain Barton Joyce. . Gerald Kirkby, she had reflected, 'is she-looked over the blue lake to the snoig^niountains, would give, her lore, and ndthirig else. For seven hundred a-year is really worse, than nothing when appear ances have to be considered. Captain Burton Joyce <coold give her anything else bat love. And to one who considers ap , geajanc^S;, .position, comfort and so forth, everything else minus love seems* more to than love minus everything ... I -'5 \- Then followed a culminating scene in Edith Marsden and Gerald Kirkby agreed that it was absurd for them to ,v^e$m of manning each other. Both ^^Cfi;fopd;:Of comfort and luxury, and * they confessed that if it was impossible -< .to iBhjby these things together, it was the next best thing; to enjoy them' apart. Nevertheless, they - agreed to remain 'friends; but there were no tears when -and Gerald said good-bye. 'I must say Gerald took it very well,' said Edith to herself as she prepared for rest that night, "after ah evening in the company of Captain : Burton Joyce. *iMknk^eaven I';can< marry the' gallant 'officer at a pinch.' And 80i.^hen Captain Burton Joyce, fabout ,a week= after this, honestly and *Swcwar6ly "blurted out his 'love, Edith Matsd&ft; Jaid her head- "upon his shoulder and said, ^ . * Oh, Arthur ! You have made me so happy IVA.V ? -:i i'« The wedding took place early in No TOmtaetv and'"Captain and ;Mrs. Burton Joyce wentfor a fortnight, to Torquay. They had idecided not to travel on the -^continent: For Captain Burton Joyce, -with the instincts of a sportsman, dis liked beitog away from the country in the winter; whileJEdith was anxious to avoid the. (•drearys- and /.prolonged tete-a-tetes inevitatileduring 2. long ^honeymoon. jBy the end of November they were settled down at their place in the country, Stanbury Hall, and the neig]&pp;|%er£;^Uii}g upon them and arranging dinner parties in honor of the bride. They were not often alone to gether, but when they dined at home and s^t;'ifqrj?pfiole evening- opposite each other before the drawing-room fire, Edith; would watch her husband and wonder what he was thinking about, or whether hejWafi jEnkingof;3ny thips;.. J3e, «n the o^er^nand, would wonder vaguely whether he quite understood his wife. ^^ffpsmwhBe; Burton Joyce shot, and "Minted, and dined, and slept, and had an inteasy fe'eiing. all the time that his Fife . was not' entirely contented. He was whp^ijaen call-^omewliat apologetically— a good sort.' ^That is," he was a gentle man ; but, as is often the case, when that was said,vall was said. _ No one. would think 6f4i3tep3<Hiibg%Tirt6n Joyce of^aty thing ^dishonorable, or even bad form. Bat no one would suspect him of any thing brilliant or original. He derived his ideas from the most approved sources, US he -got his clothes from die best London tailor. Bothwerennexceptionable ;• but 1 in neither did he differ at all froin any £ther iflember of his class. He would • Mye freely understood Edith's feelings ' Jfshe hiid expressed them in words. He ftfund^ her' cold ; but that, he reflected, ^asher^n^toreujanda fault on the righ sida,; -JI®. also • thought she seemed bprea 1»y TO^lSiid^bf' soteifety which the county provided. V-^D4 so pne day in January he Biiggesfea VlnHg'a 'few people down. The men couldiiave some-shooting, and a Since or two might be arranged.. Edith' taelcbined*the suggestion. "It would at least aSordjBpme relief from Ifce terrible Solitude a deux which was beginning to prey upon her nerves, ^'"Whotoshall i invite?1 she'asked. ' PJeaee yourself, my dear,' replied her husband, 'I'tn perfectly happy with a gun—and/you ; bjiit you haven't got the gun, only me ; so ask anyone you think will amuse yon.' ■ '?f3£dith sat down io make out her list of gtfestB. v 'Then she looked it carefully over, after" a few moments hesitation scratched out the-name of Gerald-Kirkby. 'Why not Kirkby 1' asked iBurton Joyce, looking over her shoulder. * He's an old friend of yours, isn't he ? And he's .ajgoodsort of man to hare in a house parly. Women like him. Better ask Kirkby.' So Edith re-wrote the name at the bottom pf her list. ^ And so.for the next week or two. Stan-, btlry Hall was full of guests; men who came for Bport, and women wlio also came for sport; though of a different kind; one or two frisky matrons who let it be under stood that tbey did not expect their iius bands to be invited to join them in a honse^party; a girl or two, guarded by the'niaWrnal preserce, one or two men who, not being sportsmen, might, be. de pended on to help the ladies through the day. ' ■ '• Kirkby was a fair shot—lie could do anything a little, except make love—which he did very well; and he now and then went out with, the other men. But on several occasions he pleaded literary work and remained behind. And by a sort of tacit consent amongst the other guests it was recognised that when Kirkby was occupied in literary work, Mrs. . Burton Joyce was occupied too. 4 They are old lovers, aren't they ?' said Mrs; Cholmondeley to Lady Atherton one afternoon.: * I fancy I heard last year that they were engaged.' * Yes,' replied Lady Atherton, 'every one expected they would many. But, well, they quarrelled, 1 suppose. Lovers will fall out.' They have made it up now, it seems,'' said Mrs. Cholmondeley with an evident arriere pensee. * Oh,. I'm sure its nothing of the kind, dear. Edith is much too discreet,' said Lady Atherton,'' with a glance- round the luxuriously-furnished drawing-room and out over the well-wooded park. ' Be sides she has . not.. -been married six months.' Meanwhile, as Captain Burton Joyce noted with pleasure, Eoith had completely thrown off her appearance of melancholy boredom. A clpse observer would have seen Ihatshe was in a nervous and highly strung condition, and that her state was one of excitement rather than happiness. But Burton Joyce was not a close observer, and was therefore the more contented.' And so the outward life of a country house went on day after day smoothly and decorously, giving no visible sign of the danger, beneath the surface. It was upon ata evening when a small dance was given at S'canbury Hall that the comedy first showed signs of changing into a tragedy. In the interval between a couple of waltzes,,the .butler stepped forward and asked to see his mistress for a moment in reference to the supper arrangements. Burton Joyce looked round. He had not seen his wife since they had danced to gether a quarter-of- an-hour ago. Some one said she had gone up stairs to sit out a dance with someone or other. 1 All right. Til go and -look for her,' said Burton Joyce, and sprang up the stairs with a light step and a smile on his face. ' Shame to bother her when she ought i to be enjoying herself,' he muttered as j he passed along the corridor and, still! with a smile upon his lips, pulled aside the curtains" of a small room which had been arranged for sitting out. A minute afterwards a man came into the refreshment-room and found Burton Joyce, ashy pale, drinking champagne out of a tumbler. ' Find the wife, old. fellow ?' he asked, helpingghimself to some cup. * No,' said Burton Joyce abruptly, al most savagely. 'Look as if you'd found a ghost, old chap,' said the other staring at him in surprise. 'What's the matter?' Burton Joyce turned and walked out of the room without answering. ' The dance was over; the guests had all left, and the house was all quiet. Edith lay sobbing upon the sofa in her dressing room. .The clock upon the mantel-piece had just chimed the quarter after three when the door opened and her husband came softly in. He came and Btood by the mantel-piece, leaning his elbow upon it. . ? Weli,' said Edith presently, without lobking up, ' what are you going to do ' I—scarcely know,' replied he husband slowly. Then he turned toward Edith, and placing his hand for a moment upon her bowed head, ' 1 am very sorry, -dear,' he said, and left the room. Gerald Kirkby had spent most of the night in putting his things together, and preparing for an early departure the next morning. ' After what bad happened the previous evening it was clearly impossible that he should stay longer under Burton Joyce's roof. By half-past eight he was .up and dressed, and meditating on the -best way of .making a hurried departure when he heard a knock at the door, and Burton Joyce entered. Ten minutes later the men in the stable-yard saw Burton Joyce and Gerald Kirkby go into the gun room, and, emerging shortly afterward, walk together across the park. ' Just going to potter round the spinneys for an hour before breakfast; you need not come,' said Joyce as he passed his head gamekeeper. Without conversing together they walked through the park. As they each took one side of a small plantation and put a spaniel in to work it, Burton Joyce paused a moment. ' You quite understand V he said. * I understand,' said Kirkby, who was as pale as death. ' The first bird that rises gives the signal.' * The first bird that rises.' A few minutes afterward two shots were heard, close together. It. was nine o'clock when Edith, awakened from an uneasy slumber by an unwonted confusion beneath her window, rose and' -looked out. Two men were bearing with difficulty a helpless, lifeless figure. The stablemen crowded round, | and she could not see what it was. But a | maid who rushed in cried, ' Oh 1 it's Mr. \ Kirkby.' , And Edith, knowing what had happened, fell back fainting upon the floor. Burton Joyce is now doing well in South Africa, where he bought several thousand acres of land a month or two after Kirkby met his death—by misadventure. They said that Burton Joyce could not endnre England after the accident to his guest. But Edith remained in England, for her health would not permit the rough -and tumble life of a new colony. 1 I'm going to tell my pa on you,' said Johnny Smithera as the black smith pared some of the bone away from the'' horse's hoof. "Why? What have I doneV asked the blacksmith. ' You ain't got shoes to tit Dobbin, an' you're whittlin' off ' his feet to suit those you have got.' 4 