Driven Through Hades. IWrttUm cspcoiallr ftrTHFCurPEB.l CHAPTER XI.— Continued. The act was ono ot pure wanwn ness, and Wiuton felt tlie greatest difficulty iu controlling himself as be stood by and witnessed the violence and unnecessary cruelty with which, (he gagging was accompanied. Tbe man lay there all day long in the sun-glare, his uwnllen evebaHs Eeemiug to start from their sockets as he blinked aud wincod at the light aud heat. The utter helplessness of his passi tiou gave to it additional honors, tor he could neither uiovo uor fipeak and was forced to endure his tortures in silence. The flies winch carao around him in swarms filled hie nose and ears, searched iuto the corners of his eyes as he closed the lidstoshut them out, and crawled in and abont the wretch's mouth und throat in a way which was honiblo to witness. Hour after hour passed and a bloody froth filled tbe mouth and isOfctrils ol tue recumueun jji.du^.. His frame was convulsed with the torlureB he underwent, and it seemed to Winton it was a marvel ?.. a:a nnt Aia and end his suffer in.rs. A day of honor such as Wiuton never dreamed of pre viously, was that memorable sixth of March, made memorable after wards in the history of the System as being the lover which overthrew officialdom and set free a gasping country from the thraldom of the Imperial tyranny. (j That uiglit as the 'officers were at mess, B6 it was called, the commandant was twitted by his brother officials upon his narrow escape o£ the morning. ' Tliev 6av von bear a charmed life, Piice,' said young Ensign r ? , ' and by God, sir, I begin to believe it.' ' Yes,' continued Captain A ? of the old 50th, ' I reckon you were nearer hell that time than you ever were. Price laughed. ' I think not, he said. ' Well, you're a cool devil, any how.' The wine flowed pretty freely, and as the decanters were passed aiound the subject became one of general discussion. Piice seemed to enjoy thoroughly the situation. Ho leaned back in his chair and smiled. A look of serene content ment passed over his face. Wait ing for a pause in the conversation he broke in upon the discussion. ' I think I can settle it for you gentlemen,' he remarked. 'It is a pity to bear you fellows discus sing the theory of ghosts and witcheries aud all that sort of dainucd rot. It was as simple as limplicity. 1 have nmdu a great itudy of tlio convict character aud know just how to deal with it. That pibtol was not loaded.' ' What '(' from a dozen voices. ' It was empty. 1 kept it in front merely for display, and when that gentlemen Rowley thought that he had me safe, 1 knew 1 held him all right,' ' Suppose he had beaten out your brains with tho butt end ?' ' Pooh, no fear. 1 had only to 6(ep buck a pace. Besides I held a pair of barkers in my bauds behind niy back which would have soon ended that party's career. The utmost astonishment pre vailed amongst the officers of the mess, and exclamations of admira tion at the simplicity of the scheme passed around on every side. He was toosted, and bis 'charmed life made tho subject of much jubi latiou. , . A prisoner-servant passing into tho room with a tray of refresh i _ ? j „« 4%\a Aninmonnanti j spoke, and stood for a moment so as not to interrupt. What he heard caused Lira to tarn as white as ashes, and he almost dropped the tray in bis agitation. I And before twelve hours hod passed every prisoner afloat and ashore kuew that Richard Rowley had been (ricked, and in a very loose and simple fashion too. The charm was broken, and the supernatural Price, feaiea ana hated on every side, was an immor tal no longer. Ho was but an ordinary man, and his life was within their reach. Every man on board the prison bulk Success on the upper tiera took a fearful oath to murder him upon the least provocation. Ou the 26th March, 1857, Win inn wbb at work in tbe quarries as usual, when be became aware of something extraordinary happen ing at the lower end near the jreakwater. An alarm bugle blew, crieB were heard on every Bide, the soldiers came out to muster, and a squad of twenty pushed past Win ton at the doable. The greatest excitement pre- 1 vailed along the line, and at the lower end the commotion increased until it became a perfect uproar. All work was suspended. Wiuton leant upon his hammer and lis tened. There was a noise as of] hurriedly given orders on the part i of the officers end tue rusn or many feet, and of soldiers forming and coming to the charge. Yells, hoot iugs, and eurieks filled the air. A bugle rang out again. A dram beat the alarm to quarters. Then another squad passed Winton at the double. What was it ? Mutiny— nothing else. Another desperate attempt to breakout of quarters had failed al most as soon as 'it was put into practice, a few more lives sacrificed, and the blood of a score or so to be spilt at the foot of the triangles or ' That there's what the matter,' said the man working at the heap next to Winton. ' It's another Melville rush or— I know ! By God ! They've fitted that ? Price !' Winton was scarcely less excited than tbe other, and both waited with boating hearts for further developments of the mystery. The uproar cor.tiaued. « ]3y ? ' said the man, ' if that ? Brannigan cops hold of him he's a gorner. He'll never get no time to draw his barkers. Hello!' l;e continued, excitedly glauciug urouud, ' By the livin' God they've left us by ourselves! rni. _uJn ifnnimlT nnli -Tim MfVVA rFftf', their irons off aud are hooking it.' Winton looked along the bank of the quarry aud saw that several of the prisoners were crawling away amongst the rubbish heaps, evi dently having freed themselves from thoir irons, and were making their escape. The man sat down promptly and picked up a short iron crow. Plac ing his logs upon another quarry tool he proceeded to cut through the basils securing tbe obaiuB to bis aukles. ., I Winton warned him '- «leD{» for a moment, and then tbe thought of esoapu came to him. What was bis life worth to him aa he acted its farce now P At least he oould only be ahofc. Betler to chance it that way with one bold aasa w» to eke out hie existence as he was doing. , ., ! He siezed a abort chisel and sit- j ting down quickly looBentd the lower shoulder* of the joint pine of his anklets. He found the iron remarkably soft, and yielded read ily to his touoh. Quickly and enmlc he worked, and had taken the beads from either pin when he , became aware of the preaenoe of the soldier*. Some hundred yards off he heard them returning at the double, and had just time to be smear the joint with dirt and stand at his heap again when the first of j them hove in sight. Ae they came along they dropped out in couples over the heaps of stone and covered each man. The corporal noticed i-u~t d.n.0 nf the beans were I Bmpty, and called the soldiers to bait. A brief examination showed I that the men had knocked off their j irons and had escaped. Winton was promptly examined, and answered the hurried interrogations readily. He saw the men i nn, he told the corporal; but could not] give the alarm beoause tbe soldiers j bad all gone to the end of the quarry and left him alone. The man looked fixedly at Winton a moment and then said : ' See 'ere my man ; I m pot goin' to be put where you are if I can help it. It's my fault; but 1 had to take my men forward. Tell me which way they went and keep your month shut. I'Nwe you get an eBsier job than thiB.' Winton poinrea la ou ujhh™i«™ ? direction .to wh'ch the men had takeu, feeliug as he did 60 that bo had linked himself by a bond of I fellowship to his brothers in crimf. He was now one of them— tbe ac- j kuowledged 8nd eelf - confessed j friend of some of the worst human j devils upon earth. It was another stop, he felt ; but what was he to I do ? Act in concert with the brutal and fiendish officials r' Not whilst J he had life. I Partial order was restored along j the quarry line, and all was com- j nnraiivAlv oniet. Presently there I was heard a low murmur as of the distant moaning of the storm. It j increased in volume each moment j and soon burst oat into a roar of yelling, shrieking, and demoniacal laughter. Winton glanced around to ascer tain the cause. A squad of soldiers ] with fixed bayonets and cocked muskets turned the stone corner ou their way to the barracks.' More followed, and with them came others bearing between them a body. It hung limp and lifeless in their hands, soaked in blood and dust, its features beaten and smashed out of all recognition, and the lower limbs apparently broken. What was it ? Murder evidently. But who ? ' Who is it ?' Winton asked the sentry. ' It's the commandant,' answered tbe man. ' Brannigan rushed him and threw him down. Brown and Briant and that bloke Cuesley come on him with their picks and banged him. He came out this morning without no pistols, and was going back for them when he was copped.' So that was the end. It bai oc curred just as the umu working next to Winton bad foretold. The charmed life was over, aud the witchery of his authority was at an end. There was no safety in tho quarries that day, and seeing that the least accident would be liable to create a mutiuy the prisoners wore all marched back again to the boats and sent on board. On the way there Winton learned the story of the murder. He felt a si range delight thrilling him as the details were given him, and in spite of his I bettor nature could not suppress a smile. This being noticed by those nearest to him he was called with many obsconu expletives a good felluw, und dubbtd oue of them from that moment. ] mo upiudi uu uuttiu uuuiu uuu be suppressed. Tbe officers found that it was nseleBS to attempt it, and considering it wiser to allow the prisoners to 6cream themselves into an exhausted silence, paid them no heed. Darkness settled over tho water, and as the sun sank below the horizon of the low ranges bounding the Keilor Plains a heavy fog bank settled down upon the land and shutout the light of *-yerytb.iug m like it pall. ' Thel'lamps on board ? theSuocess appeared to burn dimly, ? and as ?- he evening wore on so the H uproar increased rather than dimi. ? nibbed. What did they care what ? became of them now ¥ Oat them ? to pieces at the triangles, oboke ? tbem at the neoklet-har, or starve ? them to death in the box, they cared ? not. John Price wbh dead, and ? that weB good anough for them. ? Winton'e cell was - ntered shortly ? r. ? a _*.lnnlr Kir ittA' murder nlm fl iad spoken to him before with the ? nessage on the lamp. He placed ? before Winton a plate of food, ex. ? plaining that the quiet ones were ? nven their supper*, but thoBe who ? were creating a disturbance were ? not. Then he pmsed aft to the ? stern window and renmined there ? sevei-al minutes. TlieBentry turned I his back. Returning, the warder I stooped low and whiBpered : I ' There is a rope hanging out of ? the eteru window. I have removed I fi,o hnr. Here is a knife, and a I good one too. Cat up yonr blanket ? and tie it round your irons, so that ? they won't make a noise. There is a ? double life-buoy on the end of tbe ? rope You can cut it adrift and mu6t ? chance the sharks for the thore. ? When you land look about for a tiie ? lit near the scrub and you will find ? frieudB.' Then he left, locking the I door, and closing the little wicket ? loophole so as to shut out tho light, ? Winton's heait thumped vio- ? leutly against his ribs iu his excite- I ment. Then a cold feeling came | over him that it was all a trap set ? 0 procurf him punishment, and tor ? 1 moment be hesitated to try the 1 »lan. Tho next he made up bis I mind be would try it now before I Miy further inspection was made. I With the knife given him lie I easily removed tbe bolls from the I basils and cut the leathern Biro}) 1 arouud his waist. Next removing I his boots be stole silently to the 1 after window. A rope was there 1 sore enough. He lowered himself I quietly out of the loop-bole, and 1 presently felt Lie feet touch the I cool water of the bay. Slipping I his body into the life bnoy he I cut tho rope detaining it, and I striking out for the shore, loft the I hell-ship in his rear. I (To be continutl.i I 