llaptism. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— Before replying to ' Church of Eng land,' I would draw his attention to one sensible remark In ' John Knox's ' letter, viz., when he has brushed aside the cobwebs ho will deal with baptism. If ' C. of E.' had taken that wise precaution It might have saved him from mlsntatemenls ami misquo tation* in dealing with my first assertion, viz., that scriptural b.iptl-m is immersion in water, statinc for proof, Matt. Mi., 10; Acts viil., 3H-37. ' O. of E.' does not seem to like tbess texts, nor the subject, neither tbe two which follow, viz,, ' when wns baptism first commanded,' and ' what it was com manded for,' anil he tries to evade them by quoting Bom. vl., evidently to support his baby sprinkling, as ho says that grand chip tor no more proves dipping than It docs sprinkling, which shows all tho symbols act forth In the chapter as much as clipping. Hut l-.t him i-hoiv ono case of infant baptism apart from faith ; then we could compare notes. He also says that the subject fir bap tism must go into thu w.itor nakeil, and com 11 onts on the indecency of the act ; but this must bo proved beforo beiug believed. It Is rather amusing to Had him quoting Hebrews Ix , 10, tu provo Christian baptism, where the apostle is showing tho converted Jews that the washings and rites of the cere monial law had ended. It is well worth reading tho wholo chapter, especially the last verse. Now If 'O. of K.' had use I the ' brush ' before he read the first verse of Acls xlx., he would have fuund that Apollos was at Corinth at that time. la quoting this text, from vcibo 1 to 17, ' C. of E.' la tryiug to establish the baptUm of the Holy Ghost, but it will bo seen lhat llils, with all his oilier proofs, aro fallacious, l'uul, writ ing to that church years afler, said, ' There Is ono Lord, one faith, one baptism '(Ephcs. Iv., 6).' Turn now to Acts xlx., and we will find what that baptism U. Paul askcil the' disciples if they had 'received tbe Holy Ghost ' when they believed. They said they had not heard that the Holy Ghost wns given. Tho next verse (tbeilril) shows that baptism prcccdcl the gift of tin Holy O host, as nu saiu, ' iuh-. wnat, meu, wure ja u:i|-* Used .' (5th verse) and when they heard this they wero baptised into the mime of the Lord Jesus (Oth.verse), and when Paul had hiid his hands' upon them the Holy Ghust came on them,' etc. If this U not enough for ' C. of K ,' let us turn to Acts II., 38, the first time Christian baptls.ru was com manded— 'And Peter sifti, llupcnt and be baptised, everyone of you, In tho name if Jesus Christ, for (or unto) remission of your sins, and ye shall receive tho gift (not the baptism) of tbe iioly Qhost.' To sum np the whole matter, it ?? C. of E.' can show one dear case of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and ono for tbe baptism ot unconscious babies, that will sllonce fur ever those obnoxious pests—' dlppnn,' to called.— Yours, etc., W, Coventry. Waratah. The Hobart Oily Council refused use of the Town Hall for holdlug the nnnual poul try and dng show. As no other suitable room is available, the committee Is placed in a difficult position. 