A ROMANCE OF RILAND. (COPYRIGHT.) ON THE WAIKATO. CHAPTER III.—CONTINUER ATHA IVESTBURY. "With a loud crash the massive door, at length gave way and the savages, yelling with rage and triumph, rushed into the house. There was a tffioad staircase leading from the hall to the upper- portion of the dwelling. At IIK head of the stairs stood Camden, like a lionrat>bay, a revolver in each hand. Te. Apora had one hand on the stairnr^il.but drew back at the resolute attitude of the-farmer. "'Once-more I ask ye what do ye ( want here?'.said he, placing his back torthe wall " The-chief replied: The Hakeba robs the Maori of his land: and = rmmiers him at leisure. Why.should not the. .Maori follow the example -of the Pakeha and rob who he can ?' ' " * I have never wronged ye in my life,' answered the old man. "' Tut! The Pant-has are one race,' responded Te Apora, briefly. * My warriors want the blood of the Pakeha in exchange for the lives of two he has slain. Let-him throw aside his puns- and submit-hiiuself to the will of Te Apora.' " * I decline to have further parley with you. You and your tribe are a lazy, plundering horde, whom neither mtfrder nor robbery can satisfy. Your will means destruction and ruin here, but you shall fight for it.' " 4 The Pakeha is but one, we are many. Let hina -think!' said the chief, quietly. 44 4 No ; I 4rnow your bloody purpose,' he cried vehemently. 4 Were there twice your, number I would not yield without an effort for my life. Stand back.' " A tail savage, less patient than his companions, sprang like a panther up the stair; but a shot from Camden's revolver hit him full in in the throat -and be rolled backward dead. 44 This was but the beginning of the end. Like a pack of hounds the Maoris bounded forward and overpowered their victim and disarmed him. 'With blows and imprecations ; they dragged him down-stairs. In his desperation, he clung tenaciously to the rail and. in spite of al! the efforts -of his murderers,lhey could hot unloose his hands, when some savage, more cruel than the Test, drew his maripi (knife) and severed the unfortunate's fingers from his hands. They bound up the maimed limb in mockery and led Camden into the dining room. The long dining-table-table was reared on end and the ruffians bound their victim to it with a stout cord. "' Will the "akeha ask Te Apora for his life?' questioned the chief with a sneer. 441 No; Te Apoia is a murderer and therefore he loves murder. Yet, to the chief remember this scene when the bayonets of the Pakehas are at the throats of his race and fire consumes their hapus. Complete your ". murderous work. The Pakeha does not fear you.' " The old man spoke no more. He -was hoisted bodily upward with the table and placed against the wall, while his murderers, retreating to the further end^f the apartment, commenced a diabolical game of bail practice at their human target" CHAPTER IV. I have no vanity. The rubs and joltings of this lovely world have pretty well eased me of any particles of selfsufficiency I may have imbibed with my mother's milk, From the first hour of my entree to the domicile of Ben Cable I saw that his handsome,-amiabie daughter -had set irer-Jine- to angle for ma As a nilej'.the halfcbloods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring in. disposition, but, to my-astonishment, I found Myra Cable-quitfrthe reverse in this respect Sincere unfertuate affair in the river, wfeerein I had. played the part of the farcical hero,? the lady had taken tne under her especial charge During my sojourn in many lands I bad leaftit many modes of making love, but for straightforward, vigorous and original billing the Prime Minister's daughter was thechef-dceauvre. . Here is ati illustration ; ' £>ne evening weXMyra and I) were wandering down by the river arm-inarm. Jt was a rfieautifu! moonlight ' night, aifluost as clear as day. Suddenly the girl stopped and taking me by both my arms, lixed her large black .eyes upon my face " Frank, do you love me ?" she said, briefly, in a rather coid and hard tone of »oicc. Tbe question tvas so sudden and unexpected that I could not icn:y for the \- moment. " Because," she continued, without waiting for my answer, " I love you - love you rr-orc than I can tell." " Why, Myra, I his k cot leap year," o-ied I, iccuvi-.ring myself. " I cart not wiiat year it is/' she atrewaaec, in the same measured lone and with z i-uan^c lidii ir< her eyes. f It has steiiiesj years to nie since you came here. Answer :nv question," " I —really—1 iiiu.'yuy much, Myra, but—" < " Like 1 Nay, that is no rePijV* crlet.'. with vehemence. " I run d^tei* mined that you shall iove me, or—" "Or wjiat, Miss Cable?" " I will Kin- vou!'' she returned, slowly and without moving a muscle of her face. I burst out laughing at her. Here was courting with a vengeance. My iove oi my life, 'l'hal was it "Oh, you may laugh!" she said, after a pause. I have heard my fa- 'iii&c; say that his cuuntryuj.i. are most cruel when they seem most mcraful. So it is witli you. 1 h> y- : 'i uii'ik I have not the courage to kill you ?" I felt inclined to roar out afresh at her question : but, looking down at her, I saw that she was in terrible earnest. 44 Myra, you are half a Pakeha," I answered, in a grave way, so that she might not mistake my words. " These people about you here are ignorant,but you have been to school and know many things that they can never know. If the chief Rewi wants a wife he selects whom he pleases from his tribe; and, if the lady demurs, he uses force. Among the Pakehas it is different. Love does not come at our bidding, neither will he depart from us with a word" " Love has come to me like a thief," she murmured, in a low tone. " I am sorry," I said, soothingly. "Byand-by, perhaps, Myra may see some handsome fellow more worthy and more suitable for you as a husband than I am. Remember, I am almost a stranger to you and a guest beneath your father's roof." " You are a beautiful devil that has come and taken the light out of my life," she cried, stamping her foot on the ground in a fierce mood. " Before you came I was happy. Now I do not care if you throw me headforemost into the river!" " Pooh, girl! You -are beside yourself, over what, after all, may be only a passing fancy," "Fancy !" she echoed,her eyes ; ablaze, 44 you shall see!" and without another word she left me to find my way back alone. I was fairly puzzled what to do under the circumstances. The girl was handsome, she was tolerably educated and one of the best female mimics (especially of the human voice) that I had heard in my life. This I bad good cause to remember later on. Fortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure befel me which, for a time, relieved me of my fair persecutor. It was at the close of a long day's pig hunting, in company of Rewi and others, that I chanced to outstrip my companions in chase of a huge boar. I was so pre occupied with the excitement of the sport that I did not notice that I was alone and that the dusk of evening was gathering around me. When I did discover the fact I began to make a sound like the cry of the pel—a signal to my companions ; but, to my surprise and chagrin, there was no response Again and again I made the ravines ring with the tail, but with no better success. I was tired with the hunt and very hungry, having tasted nothing in the way oi eatables since morning; but I felt that my best plan would be to push on and try and find the party reluming home before darkness set in. At that lime I had no idea that a search would be made for me by the young chief and his men ; but, as it transpired afterwards, had I remained stationary in one place no doubt they would have found me. But I had an idea that I could find the settlement of the king very well by myself—like the presumptuous punpy that I was. Darkness came on apace and I ascended the side of a deep ravine. Scrambling to the top, I sat down and felt for my comforter, in the shape of a short black cutty, which, by the way, had consumed some score pounds weight of tobacco. But I discovered that I had not the ghost of a match wherewith to light it. The deuce fall foul of that ugly boar!" I muttered, between my teeth. " No food and my pipe useless for the want of alucifer. Ml despcrandumi I'll push on; belter to keep moving. I'm on the right track." It happened that I was not, though. Striding haphazard over the loose stones and boulders, I made headway up one ridge and down another until the perspiration began to stand on me in huge drops. At the termination of a couple of hours I found myself entering a tall forest of kauri pines, which I did not remember to have seen in our route during the pig hunt It was now quite dark, but there was sufficient light for me to tiace my steps; yet the further I went the more dense became the scrub, until I was lain to sit down and rest I began to despair now of finding my way in the gloom of night. My face and hands were lorn with the sharp thorns and prickles of the stunted cawiie and ti-ti-tree and, by the same process, n-.y clothing had bccome well ventilated to the keen night wind. I I felt I would gladly have exchanged a ^5-note for just one single wax match at that moment Perdjauqs it jyas as well thai I had none with me. Matters jLhat seem to our shortsighted reasoj; a t>iislo:lutic very often turn out in the long run to our advantage. I had been seated jn the shelter of one of the grand Kami pines for about an hour, when I became aware of a low, strange noise in my vicinity. At first it sounded like the wind amongst the brushwood, but anon, as i intently listened, I distinguished the voices of men talking loudly. My first impulse was to give forth the c-y oi the pelu; but foreign travel had taught me caution. 1 theiefore crawled upon my hands and knees in the direction of the sounds, and pre sently came upon a scene that made me feci anything but comfortable. Wilhin a small clearing, ringed in by a thick belt of trees, I saw a large fire. Around ii in a circle were squatted some fifty Maori?, talking and gesticui&Ung; in a iie:ce manner, peculiar to the Maoris v-hen roused to anger. They were ail jyraejd ?nd one fellow of Hercuiian proportions, who seemed to hold authority over the remainder, was standing in the centre of the ring leaning on his rifie. This savage i almost nude and had his body painted in a grotesque fashion with white paint and red ochre, his head being adorned by a crimson shawl. I had been only six wsel»s in the hapu of' the Kingites, but, under the tuition of Myra, I had gathered a smattering of the Maori language sufficient to enable me to comprehend the purport of what these savages were saying. The gist of it was simply this : Ralph Hey wood, a sea captain, owned a large house and a fine estate somewhere in the neighborhood. Ben Cable mentioned this gentleman's name to me as residing some thirtytwo miles further up the river, on a grant of fine pasture land purchased ivom the king, under whose protection he lived. The place occupied by the retired mariner was called " Fern Cliff," and was considered the station par excellence on the Waikato River. Here, then, I discovered that these men before me were part of a robber tribe of Maoris, known as Te Huri, the banditti of New Zealand, who are now, and ever have been, a scourge and a plague to both peaceful Maori and Pakeha. The purport of their visit was briefly to plunder Captain Ileywood's house at Fern Cliff. Crouched here listening to them, I was enabled to gather and put together their whole plan of attack. The visit of these wretches meant more than plunder—it meant murder—cold, cruel murder; for I had heard them spoken of even by their own race with a shud- der of horror. 1 would have given all I had in the world to have warned Rewi of the presence of these marauders. But how was it to be done ? Even had I known the way to the settlement, how was 1 to bring the requisite succor up in time. The attack was to be made on Fern Cliff on the following morning and in the meantime three scouts were ordered by Tutara, the leader of the party, to proceed to the station at once to reconnoitre, with orders to return before dawn and report progress. As I heard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across ine. I determined to dog the heels of the scouts, discover the Fern Cliff and warn the inmates of their danger. Before I had time to clearly fix this decision in my mind, the three savages leapt out of the circle and began their journey. Luckily they passed within five paces of my concealment without discovering me. Rising from my posture, I followed cautiously in their footsteps. My eyes had grown accustomed to the night and I could discern them very well. I felt no fear, so far as my own personal safety was concerned.^ 1 was armed with a double-barrellecl rifle, also a revolver, both of which I had taken the precaution to load ere I started on my way back to the hapu. For a long time I hovered at the rear of the scouts! who moved at a rattling pace. Once or twice I imagined they had discovered me, but soon found they had paused to be certain of the route. CHAPTER V. It was very fatiguing and a greal draw on my staying powers to keep pace with the Maori scouts. Then pace was neither slow nor gentle, but a rasping, swinging gait, peculiar to these people, and by which the slowest ol them can manage to get over five oi six English miles an hour for days to gelher when on the warpath or forag ing expeditions. It was a moment when I began tc entertain serious doubts as to my ability to keep the Maoris in Aiew thai I was relieved by a sudden halt on their part. The spot was a high clifi or ridge, overlooking a ravine which had been thickly wooded on eithef side, but the axe of the settler had thined the giant kauris, leaving a noble, park- like valley, at the upper end ol which there loomed out the gables of a large house. There were lights twinkling at the windows and the sound of voices could be heard. The moon had risen an hour previ ously and by its light I could discern several out-houses, stables, sheds and a host of" other indications which be spoke the well-to-do settler. The picture was beautiful in its calm repose and stillness, viewed beneath the glow of the moon. However soon the black storm of human passion might lower over the peaceful scene, the stars sparkled and the moon shone in undisturbed tranquility. The scouts did not leave me much time for cogitation. Taking a circuitous route, but in a more cautious way than hitherto, they approached the house by the garden, the latter having a high fence on one side with a broad creek on the other. Here, within rifle shot of the dwelling of Captain Hey wood, the Maoris sat down by the banks of the stream to rest ere proceeding to reconnoitre the place. It was useless my dogging the scouts any longer. I knew that these warriors would have to return to their comrades and report progress ere anything jn the shape of qin attack would be attempted. Cautiously retracing my steps, I made my way round the garden fence to an opening leading to thu back part of the premises, I could not help noticing that the house was large, one story and solidly built of stone, with a broad verandah stretching round three sides, the rear wall being open to the orchard and thence to the creek. I had managed to reach within a dozen paces of the back door when a huge dog leapt forth at me to the utmost stretch of his chain. I cannot tell what possessed nie at the moment, but I walked boldly up to the brute, who ceased his noise in an jnstant ancj began to sniff round me. 1 saw he was a giand specimen of the Newfoundland b^eed, black in cojor and a}- most as jarge as a mule. No doubt my temerity saved me from his fangs. A .Maori or thief would have rija for if! Perchance the dog was the move astonished of the twain. He quieiiy permitted me to go from him without more ado.—To be Continue.Yf 3 