Choice Stories. "A Page from the Futnre." By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON. One afternoon towards the end of September there came into our office a young man, who enquired, with some agitation, whether he could see the head of the firm. For the purpose of this story I shall style the firm Stubden and Son, merely adding that our business is chiefly a criminal one, and that we have been connected with many celebrated cases. One of the clerks said that my father was engaged at the moment and asked whether I would not do instead. The young man hesitated, but eventually agreed to the suggestion, and was shown into my room. He was a tall manly, young fellow, about four-and-twenty, with a frank, intelligent face, fair hair, and pale blue eyes. His clothes had evidently been cut by a fashionable tailor, and he had every appearance of being wealthy. When he introduced himself as Malcolm Balder stone, I knew this was the case, for I recognised him as the owner of estates in various parts of the country, the most important of them being in Cumberland. '^^erhkpB I should have got someone to ilSrt>duce me,' he said, speaking in a nervous jerky sort of way. j •It's not at all necessary, Mr. Balder stonfe,* Replied. 'Will you please state | your business ?'' ' i " Vefyyrell. Here goes." He pulled himBelf together and went at it -with a rush. '' Three days ago 1 came from Liverpool by the mid-day express to IDuston. I.hada small camera, and on ih£$r&y; Trtook several snapshots. One through a wood. It was not meant to be anything in particular. I merely ^wanted to see hovr the ,trees wouldcome out. Yesterday ^ afternoon I developed the pla|ig. ^!er6 it is.' With a movement wjij&i1; '^ks alniost .startling in its suddenr ' n^rifceproduced it from a small case, anamruBt it into my hands. ' Dpn't -drop it. Whatever you do, don't drop it. I wouldn't have it damaged for a thousand pounds/ The plate showed a a>uple of 6ne oaks, with®cstnaller "treeB ■ - between; Beyond them was apparently a path parallel to the railway. At least, it looked like a path, thoughoniya very small portion of it.c^iip bfe®een. ' Andhere stood a girl: and a man, sepfcitedbya short distance, the girl Ml^j^c^w^rdsj the ;man point ing at her a ""pistol from which smoke was issuingasifit had just been discharged. It was, I should think, the most uncanny photograph- that-human eyes ever looked upon. tT-he ':eflfect was intensified by a peculiar mistiness which I took to be the result of amateurish work. ' This is most extraordinary, Mr. Balderstone,11 said, looking up at him; ' You seem to have photographed a mur derer, or would-be murderer, in the very act of committing his crime.9 * Tes, that's extraordinary, I suppose,' he said. * I mean it would be, but*—he stopped to moisten his parched lips— ' that young lady is my affianced wife.' The announcement was so startling, so completely unexpected, that I did' not know what to say to it. I drooped over the plate and pretended to be engaged in studying it, though f was in reality ^trying to Collect my thoughts. ^Thenyou have had news? I said, at length. 4 You have had & letter giving information? 110, you don't understand. The youiig4ady—Miss Thornton—is not there. She never has been there, she says. She's in I BsJderstone was certainly 'sober. I began to suspect mental aberration. ^Youpuzzle me more than ever,' I said. * If Miss Thornton has not been at this place, it is clear that the young lady who appears to have been shot at must be Someone else. So you have no cause for^ineasiness.' "I^miist express myself very badly,' said Palderatone, passing his hand across his forehead. ' I am a -bit flurried, per haps, but it's sd plain to me that I thought you Would understand it too. There's only one possible explanation. That is a photograph, not of anything that has happened, , but of something that will happen, unless—unless I can prevent it. Now you see why I am bo put out.' ' But surely most unnecessarily. How could such a thing be 1' -Mrjcan't, «ay; I -only know it is so. That-plate is the proof. Haven't you heard of people seeing friends who were really 'far -away when some danger threatened -them ? It often happens in Cumberland. It can't be confined to one coinrfyV • Don't * coming events cast their shiMowsbefore ?' •JBut, Mr. Balderstone, have you ever heard of the shadows beingphotographed 1' I smiled as I spoke, but the annoyance in his({ace showed it would not do to » trej^Jljge lipattefelightly. So I added more gravely, * Well, what is it you want us to do foftyou ?' - | To trace that man,'—h.e laid his finger on4fce*pflate—' and to help ine to protect' Minn "Kiprnton.' _' I i&Suidhave; thought that a detec tive would have been -of -more use to you than a lawyer. By the way, will you answer me one question ? Why have you come ,to me instead of going to your own solicitor?' ' Because, —He blushed like a girl— * *^ll' becaU8e he would laugh at me. You see he's such a matter of fact old chap.^He's good enough , at drawing leafefwifl«Bll that sort of thing;- but lie' knows no more about crime than a child. Not fc?fcofchJifir, "by' Jove,' siaid Balder stone, with sudden energy. * If he has only a poacher to prosecute, he's sure to bungle over it, i"iFhink%ofihat! Though, mind, I'm not saying he isn't a capital old fellow m his own way." ^fterapauselsaid: 'Well, I hardly li^ejioadviae you to. enter upon such a wUd bnsinesB, especially as . it may cost you a^&od;'deal of money.' * J/bank at Ooutts's,' he said, interrupt ing'me impatiently. 'You can apply to tbfefn !if y&i; ^wifch, The question is, will yoti:fcelp''me 2 If not, I must get some one selle.' I left the room to consult my father, and upon my return told Balderstone we would do what we could for him. He gave me a few more particulars, such as tiie. time of reaching the wood and the last station he remembered passing, and he premised to send me some photographs at^the -earliest possible moment. The plate itself he was afraid to trust in my hS&ds.; ■" It was arranged that should I want him at any time, I was to telegraph to him and he would come to me at once. 'As'isoon as the photographs arrived, I sebt for Baxter, a detective whom we had employed on several occasions. When he heard what .was wanted of him, he roared with ^laughter. It was the queerest job, he said, that had ever come in his way. He had once been commissioned to sleep in a hpunted houee, but to track a ghost by the aidof a~ photograph—well, that ' j beat everything. i had great difficulty in , impressing" upon him the fact that as I Balderstone - regarded the matter moBt i seriously he must do the same. * But where am I to begin, sir V he asked, wiping his eyes. * That is more than I can tell you,' I replied. • As the young lady photo graphed at that spot was actually in Lon don at the time, the man may be any where. You must exercise your own discretion. What you have to do is to find him. Should you recognise him from that photograph 1 Here take this glass and look at him carefully.' Baxter took the magnifying glass J handed to him, and looked at the photo graph through it. * res,' he Baid, slowly, ' I should know him, 1 think. He wears knickerbockers and big Dundreary whiskers, not a nsual combination, and bless me'—he pauBed and suddenly lowered hia head—'why, yes, he's holding the. pistol in his left hand. He must be left-handed. Ob, I should have no difficulty with him if only I can come across him. But the young lady is close at hand—here in London. I think I'd just like to have a look at her first.' As this idea had not occurred to me, I had not asked Balderstone for her address. However, we found it in the directory, and when we had settled a few business details, Baxter went off to commence his search for a man about whom we knew absolutely nothing— not even whether he had any existence in'the world of fact. He called next day to say that he had seen Miss Thornton. He had watched her leave her house, and had followed her to the Park, where he had had a good opportunity of observing her without attracting attention. She was a remark ably handsome girl, he said, and unless he was mistaken she was rather * flighty,' but beyond that he kept the result of his observations to himself. He told me that he was starting immediately. for Resting bury, the station nearest, according to our calculations, the scene of the photo graph and he would write aB soon as he had anything to communicate. Two days later I had the following letter from him :— ' Sir,—I have found the man, astonishing as it may seem. He wears knickerbockers and big Dundreary whiskers; he is left handed ; he is the same in every respect; there is no mistaking him. His name is Grimshaw, and he owns most of the land round about here. He is a widower, lives by himself in a fine old house, the Manor; has been much abroad ; is liberal with his money; bat is too eold and reserved to be popular. It is said he has a secret, but that is always the way with country people. If they dpn't know everything about a person's business, there must be something wrong. I escape this reproach, being, as you know, a dealer in corn and talking freely about my afiairs. 'I have visited the scene represented.in • the photograph.. The representation is exact. ' I stood on the railway embankment and saw the two oaks, the other trees, and the glimpse of path between. Hearing a train in the distance, X walked to the path and stood jost where the man is standing in the photograph. As the train passed, I could hardly Bee it, not so much as a whole com .*partment at a time ; so a man who meant to commit murder would not have stopped for /that' cause. If he knew the place at all, he Wonld ' know that he would never be seen ekcept by a miracle. He might even have ichosen such an opportunity as the best for h^s purpose, if he thought it possible that someone might be loitering abont, for the sottnd.of the train wonld smother the report of his pistol. ' Of course, I do not believe the photograph represents anything that may, or will happen. If it represents anything at all, it must be something that has happened, and to that end-1 am directing my enquiries. But as yet I cannot hear of any young lady missing in this neighborhood. I have hopes, however, and already am on friendly terms with the head gardener at the Manor. You see, we have tastes in common, including beer, which is uncommonly good here. In a few days I will write again. 'Yours obediently, 'Geobge Baxteb,5 Perhaps I ought to have known that there was in existence such a man aa was shown in the photograph. Tet Baxter's letter, Baying that he had found him, rather startled me. At the same time, it did not help to solve the mystery—if any thing, made it more puzzling. Was Balderstone wrong in saying that Miss Thornton had noc been at Bestingbuiy 1 That seemed to be the supposition upon which Baxter was working. Two days later I received from him a telegram in these words: ' Young lady here the image of Miss Thornton. Must have a man in town. Am wiring Whit taker.' Whittaker was another detective who occasionally worked in conjunction with Baxter when the latter wanted help. But why he wanted help now, I could not understand. It seemed to me that he had got the explanation. A young lady had been shot and perhaps wounded by Mr. Grimshaw,* and Balderstone, who had photographed the scene from a passing train, had supposed her to beMisB Thorn ton, whom she greatly resembled. What could be simpler 1 After the telegram came a week's silence. As I had not thought it prudent to tell Balderstone what had been done, he paid me a second visit. Although his agitation was less apparent, he certainly looked more depressed than he did on the pre vious occasion, and there was a weariness in hiB manner which I had not noticed before. I felt certain that if he knew the -man in the photograph had been identi fied, lie would have ruBhed off to Resting bury, and probably have spoilt everything. .On that point, therefore, I remained silent, merfely telling him that an intelli gent detective was at work, and that we hoped very shortly to have a full explana tion to offer him. He was disappointed of course; he had expected to have the whole-of the tangled skein unravelled in a single day. As he was leaving, I enquired after Miss Thornton. 'I've not seen her for more than a week,' he said. * She is ill, I am sorry to say.' 'Not worry, I hope? You have not told her what is disturbing you ? * I have,' he answered. ' I told her before I told you—the same morning. We had promised to have no secrets from one another, so I was in honor bound to do BO.' 'And the news upset her ?' * I don't know about upsetting her. It certainly made an impression upon her.7 A clerk entered the room and handed me a telegram. I opened it and said that it came from Baxter. Its contents were so surprising that when I read them I could scarcely control my features. Here is the message: ' Young lady here was Miss Thornton. She disappeared yesterday. Whittaker says she has not returned home. Can you inquire through Balderstone 1' ' Mr. Balderstone,' I said as soon as I could speak with sufficient calmness, * would you oblige me by going to Miss Thornton's parents and asking to see her, and then coining back here V I never saw such a change come over anyone as came over him at that moment. He had risen to go, and he seemed sud denly turned into stone. His face was ghastly white, and although his lips moved, no sound came from them. ' But why ?' were the first words 1 caught. * There's no need for alarm,' I said. ' I merely wish you to ask her'—I gave the only excuse that occurred tome—'whether she has ever met the man in the photo graph.' * Is that all T He stared at me in credulously. 41 did ask her, and she laughed and said it was impossible to recognise anyone from so small and in distinct a photograph.' ' Then will you tell her he is left-handed. Perhaps that may enable her to identify him ?' Another stare and he was striding to wards the door. He had a hansom wait ' ing outside. I heard him shout to the driver. The next moment the hansom was going at a furious pace along the street. In less than an hour he was back again. As soon as he entered the room I noticed a great difference in him. There was a calmness in his manner which was quite new, but it was the calmness of despair. ' They have been deceiving me,' he said. * MiBs Thornton has not been ill as they toIJ me ; she has disappeared, and they don't know what has become of her. She left home over a week ago to visit some friends in Lincolnshire—that is what they tell me now—but she has never arrived there. They got a letter this morning to say so, and they are tele graphing all over the country.' ' But why was this kept from you ?' ' Because, they say, she wished it.' ' The young lady who promised never to keep from you a secret f ' Don't speak like that, sir,' said Bal derstone, sharply. 'You may be quite sure that what she wished was right. 1 know that because I know her—you don't. If I don't understand, I shall some day. She will tell me. Now, Mr. Stubden, what do you propose to do ?' 'I Bhall leave by the first train for Restiiigbury. If there is any news, I will telegraph.' * Restingbury, where is that ?' ' The place in your photograph.1 He did not speak again until I shook hands with him, and then, with a look of piteous entreaty, he said: ' May I come with you ?' ' I think not, Mr. Balderstone,' I said. ' You see, -we don't know where to look for Miss Thornton. But I have just heard she is not at ReBtingbury, 90 you need not be uneasy' on that account. London is the best place for you, it is so central. When definite news reaches you, you can start off in any direction." I don't think he was quite satisfied. He seemed about to urge some reason for accompanying me, but suddenly checked himself and turned away. For a few moments he lingered, and then went out very quietly, without another word. I could not help feeling exceedingly sorry for him, the more so as I did not know what to apprehend. Had the strange idea which possessed him taken hold also of me ? Perhaps to some extent it bad. Events which I could not understand were following one another in rapid succession, and were driving me forward whether I would or not. As the man in the photograph hatlbeen found_at. the place it represented, 'and as the girl in some mysterious way had gone there too I thought it possible that there might be some connection between them. So far, at any rate, I now believed in what I previously regarded with profound scepti cism. It was late at night when I reached Restingbury station; a little wooden cabin where I should imagine railway travellers were seldom seen, so astonished was the sleepy porter when I alighted. As I had decided to stay at the inn, I made my way there, and found Baxter sitting in solitary grandeur, with a pipe and a tankard of beer, in the one room allotted to visitors. He told me, in answer to my questions, that Miss Thornton had been staying at a gamekeeper's cottage. Owing to the difficulty of following her without attract ing notice, he had not seen very much of her. But she had spent most of her time in painting in the woods, and, so far as he was awaie, she knew nobody in the neighborhood. He was positive that she could not, without his knowledge, have met Mr. Grimshaw, or anyone else. Two days ago she had gone out as usual, and had not returned. Since then she had not been seen. Neither the gamekeeper nor his wife could give any information about her, but as she had left her luggage behind, and not paid their account—only a few shillings—they were afraid that some accident had befallen her. * What is your own opinion, Baxter ?' I asked. 4 Well,' he replied, ' I've been to all the railway stations round about, and I can't find a trace of her.' ' I don't think you have been looking in the right place. I mean to search the wood.' Baxter's tankard came down with a crash. He rested his elbows on the table, and stared at me in amazement. 4 Surely to goodness, sir,' he exclaimed, ' you don't believe in that photograph !' 4 I'll answer that question later,' 1 said. ' Beliefs, like everything else, are liable to change. But one thing is certain. 1 am going to the wood, and I wish you to ac company me.1 So, shortly after eight o'clock next morning, we started for the scene of the photograph. Baxter took me to it by way of the railway embankment, and from that point of view I had no. difficulty in recog nising it. After remaining there a few minutes we entered the wood, passing between the two oaks and so reaching the part which, a little to the right, plunged into a sea of tall bracken, just beginning to turn brown. Knowing the spot well, Baxter did not stay there long. He showed me where a train could be seen, and then commenced wading through the bracken, but suddenly stopped, uttering a cry of alarm. I sprang towards him, but stopped also, for at his feet lay a beautiful girl, her blue eyes staring in horror at the cloudless sky overhead, her right hand upon her heart, through which, as we afterwards discovered, a bullet had passed. 4 Miss Thornton!' said Baxter, in an awed voice. 4 Mr. Stubden, how do you explain it ?' I couldn't then; I can't now. After the lapse of two years 1 am still unable to prove by whom the unfortunate girl was murdered. But in my own mind I am convinced that I know the truth, though my conviction rests solely upon a photo graph which was placed in my hands more than a fortnight before the scene it repre sents could have happened. No jury would dream of accspting such evidenco, and I, as a lawyer, feel that I ought not to accept it either. Tet I can't helD my self. One fact has been ascertained beyond all doubt, that Mr. Grinishaw and Miss Thornton actually met at Cannes in the previous spring, and were then on the most friendly terms. But after long and careful enquiry we have failed to find any evidence that they ever met in England. Why she made her secret journey to Restingbury—whether, recognising him in the photograph, she wished for some reason to see him again before her mar riage with Balderstone, or whether that uncanny picture drew her to her doom as a moth is drawn to a candle—in what way she communicated with him, what passed between them, whether the photo graph really represented the exact man ner of her death, and, if so, how such an extraordinary circumstance can be ex plained—upon these and other points there rests a cloud of impenetrable mystery, which is not likely to be lifted until the day when all things are revealed. Mr. Grimsnaw still walks erect among his fellows, but in my eyes he ib a murderer. | In a large and handsome building, I within thirty miles of London, there iB a tall man, still young in years, though old in looks, who talks perpetually about a photograph—the photograph of a tragedy which, he tells you, is about to happen to a beautiful girl, his affianced wife, unless he can prevent it. With this object in view he imploreb the aid of everyone he meets, and he is furiously angry when he is not allowed to pass outside the gates. For the building is a lunatic asylum, and the man is Malcolm Balderstone. Is this just ? If no other world lies beyond the present one, it cannot be. But all who think otherwise believe that all things that have been, that are, and that will be, are written in the Book of Fate, and by them the fact that one man was permitted, by some inscrutable means and for some inscrutable reason, a glimpse of one of its pages will be regarded as confirming their belief, with all its assur ances, that what seems wrong here will be Bet right hereafter. Idler. 