MINING NOTES. The manager) report - Alberton Tas, 14th -Trains) to battery for one ton track completed I rection latter) about finished, except tanks for water supply) Antill ScoLs , St most, 20th - No 6- Mr bottom of this kind drive from winze still carried on in real OK to 10ft. thick well mineralised, showing little gold Crushed 291 tons for 21,0? Odwt tributers- Earle and party) breaking stone, showing fair gold Anaconda Mt Wills 15th - Resumed crushing Monday) Battery) working well Plates looking line and Albion Ballarat 21st -1 OOOIt F N do the on course lode in 12ft total 21911 not change 1 noon w -No 9 N in Hit , total 101 that is left N. of course through 12111 rich looking stone fell charged sub marine, uni discharging small steam water II le bills about 15ft to drain to reach continuation of stone seen In name at 1 Boort No 2 N through occurs, with indications of stone in face Stopes arising out change carries plenty stone, showing gold Barambogie, Chiltern JUth-Loner level drive is 12ft ground Hills tightly No 1 crossbred W driving for neck 40ft , making total from shoot bil) Wash keeping level with fair prospects gold ' drive till! 12ft m surely miss Up for one to cross lead for another shoot Blocking and having in W workings in good order Macklin ry in good working order Gold (week), YOUng Odi t Barfold 10th-Work confined to drive on W leg, stone about one sec few colours gold Putting in her permit bitten Karlin Hercules Mt Read Utilise 1 idle drill is 1011 tons 181 country still hard schist e late 20ft for week total SJ formation widened out to 20ft carrying lit clean ore top of drive and train in the in balance consisting of schist heavily intrigued with Iron pyrites and killed No 2 Adit driven 5ft total 1701 B H St of Jericho 17ft -Cut formation 5ft to 6ft thick on hanging wall of dyke Can get too c gold by filling Will prospect this from Till Till deeper with short drill, which just shut one- it is Qunrl? Jindio 17th -S kui being extd , total rain adit 20ft lode furthering 18ft still, bhuMitik by the s Rillstone and start? lenders llPivill charged salt little Cm get the gold I In distill Stopes over N and S levels north 18in fair quality) stone Since lift, to ii 40 stone strikes He showing gold Ready to ix cattle ranching in electic Washed up 12oz 1750 I from 117 tons BY mile It is , I am seagulls RMS -S drive 300ft lou] Extd Oil toll I ! Cut another slide tor responding with one last reported Water in No 2 shift added 12ft for week Bur) Cons kingston Hillside IShii Nos 3 and 2 sents N off 1 prospe. ting line from No 2 rise, S branch in full uni 120ft inspects li l is chairman and not quite so good lilac knit; with two parties In W Kintrak No 7 S branch extd coll Total 269 No 2 Shall Blocking ns line) SW Xcut from No 2 lie N W bran li and S 1 cut off it should iMiihlt SW branch stopped at 47ft and started to rise N W live II holf NI extd 15ft total 242 yield No I shaft 0? 2dwt No 2 shall, 201? 3dwt total LOST 8dwt ' Extd , hillston 15th -No 4 rise and drive a car 12ft higher, and ton. No, 9 N drive from No 4 rise in 3 p branch W drive off No extd to 1 left , carrying 18 n pat able wish wear strong and great dill or hard quiet? in bolt in makes progress slow At No Ins InS branch ne! Drive No 4 N us. drive still in Ing tail in for paid li wish ... 2 I cut off whole stopped in l'Klft nihil dipped below level Main E reef drug will have to be a extd to mark wish hirth r 1 No 1 an 14 writes I being told in fair na) ible nish drill from rise i extd to 11ft wash dipping fast last two sets of timber, prospects lately public inter helling stringer 1 intermediate drive rum No 1 1 balance shaft stopped to allow it to drain VII dries net mill require down face one which makes progress but Cold (week), sets? 173 t BILL No 1 Smeaton 20th -N W main level in 214 wound little better for during Bore put her face fluorides into rolls will 40ft name he as life! Iona bon No 2 Shoot Married to be N N Man Under Li tel No fashion here In mash rather poor fair prospects at a N Drue-No change Blocking from Nos tail i shoots St cloud column air pipes in produce 1 kill 500oz odd Black Horse and Sandstone, 21st Miss it It mill)- No IS stopes reef lit , running of the mineral but no gold seen for noel No IV slopes show that land) quart? r darling little gold reef 4ft will reduce S dilli rise up 12ft Width of reef worked 12ft laminated quartz, actual width not known No 2 I horses. sent the bunch), but No 3 stope N look lug Life) nell also No 2 stopes directly above Prliict a Royal Shalt Xcut driven OF Hitler! work being pushed on Ck med up list finally lbl) tons for ke? Mine it 1 gorton Main shaft, lent W extd 16ft In settled annum Water coming from late I Must I extd till country bands i Snowy River Mineral Gippsland, 15th Trenching on No 4 lode with good results Lode c posed of iron and copper pi rides quartz, and gossan Not yet through formation Black Horse- Ltd 1 gorton, 20th 120ft -N drive on vertical m 20ft stone improving in appearance a little- gold seen ("colonially drill In 16ft a total 211 fresh make stone cut in on W tide, turning beat) mineral! and showing a little gold 1 60011 -W fire sun! 27ft lode Mt Ida with a good W Hall Contractors' Blocks No 3 level parts driving and sloping, stone' poor No 3 laid party sloping on public stone Working and machinery in good order Gold, 15oz. Bon Accord 18th Water out of underlay), and sinking resumed in Perth is shaft At No 2 shaft lode- about 4ft wide, nicely laminated and len heavily) mineralised Shorts Duke test of 100 tons It No 3 shift S drlieinJOIt and I cut off white lift Well there temporal ill "suspended and stuff engaged at No 2 Fallen working three shifts, and going on satisfactorily Beautiful We all like, Both -informed the tunnel inland N lift well 11,0 lode 12in wide I love a star coming from reef Put down "sink ' bottom of tunnel is now strike 'Ware passed through drilling reel It been kidd ace colonially In stone and obtained encouraging prospects coarse and fine gold Quartz milking stronger in bottom with There is water N Boundary- Quiet? and ironstone in trenching Bnnkctt No is Doon indexed strike Hit from si t mt! crossed slush or on Cuni mcneill sink down to 400ft level following; shoot of ore width of shoot here about 20ft Vllticl I iii n letting look kiel in St! following are whatever direction it has) had us Then break through to one of drills but that kiel Still stoping doing in ah lit from old late No lies develop ments Hi istia Tin Dub! 14th- for want of sufficient water for afternoon and night shifts sTuttlilg past week restricted Much has taken up his' mouth of fill of stripping from top athlete of bend paddon British!, Broken Hill 15th -Blackwood Shaft No matter! change in quitted stops on 50ft level in I i In and southern section stopes in weight) of 700ft led, all profits lug Usual sign piles e his late re -I Oil I cicl-isulphldc stopes off No 4 W xmt ripening up good supplies mill log muster I R S Mills into No 1 W Xcut extd bil total 70ft face at present In his smile milling sulphides. 400ft level Uprise 4ft, total 12ft and coins lion made with No 4 Winze from 200ft Soon as day from inn thence! up Bark been sinned in W lent Howell Shaft 100ft lend-lease throughout for N shop c, look and milled first quality carbonate ore 200ft lelcf-Slllphldc stopes off No 2 W xct look well, inside his pulling the showing everywhere Sulphide stuff lulu I am imp mile and silt was Mine like frl fell on KKift I ever park st used to mind a line run from 200ft men 70 , through g annulling sulphides S drive off W shut and (need 7ft total 64ft , him wing sulphides whole distinct stopes off E Xcut unchanged and decided usual quantity frl Hill sulphides Will -fair work done timing work British I) min i Pitlli bl -Olly -I section of pi mt completed Contract let for tunnel and mullock, tip British Queen Ballarat 20th -No Mowle drill extd 12ft I want 10ft Stone in 1 ith facts No I level S end underhand stone stone shows gold in breaking No kind of pink In Strong had set in Other kills without change Britannia Utd -'will -mort -Finding i II N I.. . S drive in S strait- mon stone showing and a little cold seen Rock drill i milking five prepare - considering hard a time of issuing No J use it. No I drive through hard 1 It rolling Into I IMP bull seal mink raised from Sto|isivuNo -N drive n Uhr of dust-. Intunietlinti Left Driving N on fill boil) K st and sinning little gold Started financier in life shall the their play with rock hills Had I stomach but ever think of working men Sunk 4111 Machinery in good order and nor! Ing will Broken Hill Block II 15th -1906 Inch-' drive on W I was down 12ft I still be in tone milling 'ne Hill Lieut To strike No mine in six i t Oil total 60ft no knife In the 100ft luckier for tilling extd Hit total.' S Gill, on I lost ditto 100 tons ins and keltie 111 was sunk in all in ,.,""1 "r, star ring miner of no 201111 may come back in mill supplied with mineral in IS! lines . III milling 1.017 tons ilt»iiitchu| falling back I'm Vdi Hill smelting returns for milk Greater use -( in bran the '31 tons sulphide 187 tons producing 161 tons bullion containing II bred seller Broken Hills Pup 15th - Wilson ss-Left blank Tit took his low No I kiel VI ( which a -Vi I learn dilli tall 6ft total 70 b still held lit total 75ft Badinons-Ni to IN din "his! 12ft ("tal 117 No ; 1 is IN Lillie silver 16ft total Kel No India line Mills 111 total 17 Stewarts Shaft and bit total 24 11 his No I li a little m s No I lei. N i Iron extd Oil told II. No 2 W xcut (um N firm mind lift the! 151 No I W Xcut from N drive mind It !"!" 117 til '"ss-From No 111 annexed List fallen Did it not s-N" F, L u!-l variety bill 1,111511 M lindes-Nu 0 I am EN W Slip frmiW wall driven 7ft No I. hauled him . extd ion t"|,| i,, N, 2 |,,.|_v dray died 11ft total 1% for," No I I want Sliiltbun! KI total J, below No 3 kid He units No 9 N l)iilis(onl 10th -(cutting down shaft proceeding rapidly Cut brunt It ideas showing rough gold Bun in lluhuulip Bioolslde, 20th-Bet Idle Blue Sui'biiii "hint In position on mine This will imbil begin to look little, like, ",,,,, , ," still at work i IPI Um, um) «|,.|, line parallel to Earl little plums as,) splendid rains up country being so tin, It "absorbed in! the Hollandia I see Him! NSW, 170, - I mt ml! s'., 10-12..!' ....'"! '-'""'sT, , .?*«?..»"«« as a Drli lug on course about to turn on us ?? Biffin 20th sun nor ing I hankered lliiiiliii.ng I am, llUh-viluilul shall be it in a full i mill for a piling up and andw sinking will bills tonic ltd to complete Widiicidui Water Kilkivan line is promised will be Riteiriiani against running Killing min n ii b, amount "[V,,,, ullin liberating an emphatic note I can but Hut will be. in readiness to minimise o Ventilate lulu in dinghies about expiration of ensuing limit Ck . DwioHi. Mill -sent new main shaft while her neck and timber all up total depth, cahill's Ki wind Stilwell, returning up 1 a run back but is I of plungers fixed Rear,.,.. lining mi Mandu) Ixput him opening sets for australia In id uni or milk turnstiles Iiitlhink 10th -Main Shaft Mullock delimit uni Pumps lowered to bottom of BIIJIC fixing slabs Shaft sinking 20ft Pointing are due to start writing down stone TV"' >,". ,,lll",l_t' -iOth shall sunk 71! , Total 120 flour (bran girl rock Into blue i have. Wutir easing Cent Plateau, Sebastopol, 20th-N W' drive at flSOIt In 1736 What appears to be new make stone cut in bottom lining N more about 4ft wide, will mineralised, and caring little gold N.L, triM.- In FULL B19 leaving. it. to the, wide, and well mineralised N drive, at 200ft in 122ft Stone 12ft wide, carrying good gold Stopes in good payable stone No 2 rise up 64ft , stone well mineralised ii V drive in 60ft , good country, still showing several ladies Stopes off S drlvcgiv ing good supply of stone allowing cold 700ft level In 110ft , atom from 12in to 18in wide Sturttel wish to connect with No 2 rise A rebel, fortnight, from 811 tons, for? 6dwt 6gr Cent Red White, and Blue, Bendigo, 20th - Shaft sunk lit , total 051 Central, Helton, 29th Rising from slopes over S fire at Broke through to old workings 9in stone, coarse gold Chalk's 1 hid Carisbrook, 20th -No 4 bore KIL taft in basaltic rock Auld 1 8oz 6dwt Chalk's unit , Carisbrook, 20th -Gomplttid n argument shaft for reception of lux Putting saint in position Expect start with full st lb men by middle next week Chalk's No 3, Carisbrook; 10th - >, P reef dry extd 17ft , country better for progress N Reef DrivEN 1 Rise-Opmcd Intermediate level and driven same 21st a hard slate reef No 6 Rise b, Branch Dave-W ish still Using now "t over back laths lip shoot in Sum-N and drives in wash of poor quality Wyatt a he I drive, extd lift Put up bore in soon which struck strong wash showing Mile at lift fruit '*,, also showing level country for the last lOOfi . cutting small plot to start rise A held, lo'Jo 10dwt Chalk's No 3 Amal , Carisbrook 20th -No 2 Shaft Main drive in 30ft , soft dry slate, total ! (Hills ho 2 Shift Winding engine repaired Now baling water out of stuff Will resume sinking Monday Champion Reef, -Nannine, W V , 17lb Pump shaft now working well Clam's 1 had 1 latest 20th -IA tons and plates yielded (707 14dwt 12/1 Getting every Hung funds for sinking shaft Cloth of Gold, W enid s Point 15th -Completed reticulating lower tunnel total knob JOOft Coo!" trade Golden Hon, W A , 2nd -cast in 68ft On view these two cousins opened ucrossBhllkrcef which shows width of 12ft from which obtained some very good prospects by dollying Opened another costeen about, 2 i h line to it where Bills are strong indications of parallel reef Count Dirndls nth --i level extd 6ft , total Go Slopes No 7 and 8 N from No 4 Winze pro evening for ejHeutitv that class ewe No 2 Winze, N blocks. producing some first class ore in limited quantities S slopes j inducing principally -seconds N W drive from air shaft driving in 7ft fretting whip pole Concentrating Plant Work is still persisted on suicidal I want five crusher in position in the will. s I mniLitions for Birt eli tables well advanced Average of using week 42oz 10dwt 20gr silver, (s] s i edit lead a Cutinduna Irish, Kcndihu, 21st -stope.' S ol I ran it -50ft level SI with intermediate level N In ill I venture between 150ft hill Vol Lewis Da we can sum but Stone full w Kills of level, and shows gold Mol is show little (gold crushed is tons for 167 dwt I ( Granite (met, N S W nth - Complete crop tion poppet here early next week Ptrutsion table-, inn. in of machinery delivered on mine Corning Vu w lUtli -Crushed oil tons for JuAn free gold Skimmings contain for 2 tons bran ketings assay 10oz per ton C. tons coal mining assay 9,. per ton To lens find us by 15dwt per ton total estimated yield when all concentrate in vited flour Crown Grant Tas , nth-Shaft on pintes back. formation sunk 12ft for But fresh am in lode matter improved truth in quality 1 od matter small, and stuff of 1 di ever responds with the S W and Curtin Davis and his ebullient will make Into good be de- with depth Disiovirtd -call um or kale 120ft 1 of ibovtiutnti and condition Crown Lyell Tis 20th - line! extd Mt in eli in schist munition little pyrites showing Cullin Dins Prap Tis 11th 100ft Level Driven 9ft , Iel li, 11,0 Lead soft Wide all taxi distil oil which being staked lode continues very strong and well defined 120ft Leville- tended (ft total 200 for tuition 2in wide, with a good hauling will against v bills then I am carbonate of iron he widt W m/i sunk 9ft total, in Winri 111 lode in (it, but it um liii- on at present lift I tel Driven 7ft toLl or later improving standing 12in wide of iron pyrites and siding "gratis seed footwall with little yellow topaz beginning to ,' still AVInn tank III Mil III Ink rowed to Oin, but "upon rising II t, Nurse, buying, some good ore sent to lotment 420ft level advanced it, is at 7 lode 18in wide with 12in LOOK! out if debt hanging ? ObOft Rifleman left tone, -7, I ML week list of it turning yellow i upper and high grade of th] on Mott and Drive is still , total, -01 I nie 12ft wide with (in this lruiipvutei mains hanging wall 1 In a drive bows lode to be getting, more defined during week and we" stopped and had one shower" blue satin iron Indies 1 600ft lived Driven lift a total 111 formation full width dim, e (imposed of iron pyrites quart? and bricks walls well! defined, and look very promising for ft in full died Curtin Davis Ltd N Hundts nth runner No , lode driven OJft fur coats to! ii HE Gone are in fair nice block of ice Dalzell Prince Regent Ballarat 24th -No 2 Level Moses turning a good country of stone fair quality Auld fortnight soon lOelwl DJV Divin Aide!, n 21st Shaft sunk 7ft, or 221 from surf not Without change Htptfirel hair-line Heil-Slirfire shaft sunk fell Reef 4ft in width showing, good (gold the No 2 till up lift till it Gain Reef Rise from bottom level, 20ft Stout increasing in Derby ltd Aluhl in 21st - Ault it - 122ft level and 1 Itt I reef not Inn line will let, mind during 1 been discontinued for present Driving. N on W reef to meet with from 1 islet level When down Ut Reef 3ft wide, and pay able Grlishid 111 has for 14 z 15dwt und 20 tons of s and United vi, did 10oz 2dwt Total told fortnight 10 for 14dwt Dresden Gold, WV, 11 -Mills She is due total 15ft Lode then made but it into hanging will Cut new make stone in face and about 4ft wide but built- to his feet lode In strong is and latterly xcut t it is 20ft No 2 Shaft est! me out of (sin but it 11 Mt Duke Hil Hung, -0th- lib s s at, vin light down 7ft 6in and join in a suit driven off This is when shift we step on ,, pony, broken nine I very thing being a misfit it may be drive total Uft Uni. Hull must break into another two in three weeks shall know the second set I miles will be repair For not Dunolly Minx ml 20th- s "are either left drive extd 4 ft Others wish drives extd 2 Started penciling with d spirit!" Yield week, 17oz Mut -No 2 level as I IBU in Star 1 xbd Rjlhnt 20th - 600ft - Stopes carrying good identity atom for quiet. W well carrying good gold I unit and part block without the inn Owing to bring in a ml shift, one weeks crushing lost A still 6oz. 8dwt fear I est kid. Shem W V 21st -Main Shaft Total depth 400ft Reef about 10in solid quartz showing gold, and much more mines d Stated drill at 70ft, when- reef 3ft thick J dw mia and li ire of I mi I) muchly 's Ck -I awards- No 2 west driven 4ft lot is 60 Reef about 6in wide Nuw Daip tunnel driven total, 127ft , ground sandstone and quartz leaders Egerton, 20th Miln shift-work , P xcut Tributers rising and driving on si it and leaders 300ft, No 1 wiii7i-Drivm N 20ft in " and leaders No 2 wins sunk 40ft , stone about 12in wide, showing little old N drive e 21st , Mont ft wide S drive extd but , stone 18in with Slater Rose Shaft -MOst -Tributers ne and sinking on stone about 4ft v not, a very Ing little gold ¡.neilborough, 1 against, 21st - Xcut W at 3000ft driven 11ft total, 41 S, and spurs in face showing mineral, has not sun sold at an drive Mr total, 10 (found principally stone, intermixed with silk and is located Excelsior, Bill Jlcket 17th- Started drive S on course of lode hum bottom of di iii M Irving sinking Kills Crush soon as rain driving , III he obtained lawsuit Alexandra 20th Sunk 12ft on new reef Good quality stone Inlet in Stawell 20th In run on trial of reef at 520ft ken st,,,, head "on into feet I have to take rise wharfs carn sam. Stone still of Mills appen mu is last Itpnt Loutit a; Reward Con won- the - s drive W lode 27ft , intuition -It will Gone is level step in shall Uptntd met at 17 ft lived out n. v limit stone i oil and din Rain waters, and of per Ulalu not appeal mee show this i e! the cry East China Billum 26th - Mile dam site 12ft clean hard country Snail which last mc Ifl , stone looking well, slit in c ii mrs M lil Florence Vniluisl Thrills cliff 1 left , total b- Min. quills or in kind, In roof of his, e very ill There still Big knell of steam still on foot ill in my life It gold occasionally tin I must Hu tier Bendigo 'nth-shift milk but I tal I 21st Ground sandstone and she with sp.,, underlying I trial of Wee. Cuddingwarra ash-pit his mind-, what 200ft level Gi tin n id to put in I am II Pill timely film sin,, lime tailings for an old tailings Imp and sp.. a hat-pin t. ii when I, an, 1 up ( or put through J) (one (of his day!, 14th- Shaft ankle Joint Milk II time later, it acting from f I nil (nil NI within Drill- Hall S in soft i Ltd Bill took 7!) New start In this our sit think In top and 3ft thick In bottom showing. fill 1,1 in Wind, helm level sunk till , tiled I' taking seen Aft wid when he. Huh gull a" li made Ki has been i"|,u shaft level living s 1011 total lil stopped nails lived for raisins "and started to still N about here shows Inch I did St, pin, "in this kill h 1 lift n s (k Willi like isobaric,-, "p 7th Beloved him he,!, had an Sinking from up,,, and I, and S..,!! R, of it shining Mild Ballasting tramways me of, his, birth cables an 1 lining logs for mum ( original IV V 7th -shift total soft ( iimGv much higher in Costeen-( ,( large formation with no ill quartz khaki showing Miss H 11 sink shaft UM now lady Star Bill but 20th-No . Shaft extd N dam 67ft In sol, did in ii Ing lady firm ill. n, will need unit and its! allies between two will the high walls ( in till I ran little Jim gold from dish to set its Ghost (shall Steel s 61 , 20th -went extd 4ft Gutting eli rail car for when Oh then ! till the wood 20th, -Shaft down 12711 In h Riverina met Little was (killing a .Uli-Uitliry with a using, piles Water drive being pushed on with the, shuts Tunnel in 20ft killin 4 ft to rear is lode W der are being cut Mr claims to obtain water a couple, for about three weeks, and Hushing then be called ne el Glen Park trailer I Imlunst Other returned lining Biltoinid No 11 al it No water fairly good in spite No t2hiltomd when dr ple Visa and prosper hear wash, all lit Sit Hill! I finish billiard, estate last week Goblin like VA und in. Perth -Tel.) Use to. 74H linda into old ground Spl, mile end but ("thin fruit W illiulhi Sunrise . ("mill lost His Cut full had, When, "ft with", walls and leaves solid it, is stated in) a trial Stout v n high minimised and , n,|,s ions kuhl lunn lifting a press. the trial, Jves fully 15 per ton for full width if I'd lids level gives VIRILE bills to open, on Life is the desire and issued to His at depth, 400ft deep Hun and lining mines on (Id, p m ||ul,|, lo nihil liniuullalilv fittings side from log cabin Vn until for a range of cars Golden Gin Ball met, 2uih-S remain dull In 10ft, lot ii ft Stout poon i N di vi of Sulliinaii line carrying two stone S JIM h 11ft Total -I IM tons yielded Is 4dwt Golden Pi ii He mile Both - Soft wintering 20ft W , triennial hard sandstone, with Thoma am quite fires, until £10 Small quartz spin In fin making good deal with 1 wind still in 00 total 111 houses d throughly four or five years in the thick, allowing maintain their Opened out on W side of reef, and dunn 50ft S sum of like appearance, and! In fact several minus hotel site Mink preparations for working atom at 2 till Tributers crushed 15 tons for 2052 MM I lit Bill), limestone, 14th - No 11 lion through rod in HOfl, light material city lift, gravel and drift lit, dull. and Hack clay, intermixed with iIccomtHisid veitestuldi must stir Off , shall find scandalous ice! 25ft a total depth Id Of Cent Alttodn, Bendigo, SUUi -Shaft sunk 12ft , local 2 10s, in sandstone Tributer. him! Jo. 18dwt Lunn 2. loads (St. affection, Ciiltoey's Ck , Wtli.-LoiTcr tunnel driven 15ft for week, total 480 Passed! through hard country, intermixed with quartz leaders, from which fine gold obtained by dishing Cut nice both stone which appears to be same shoot that carried Sold in upper working Had fall of earth, which necessitates stoppage of upper tunnel workings until put in order Started driving levels on IN 33 1, 4. and 0 r tor account qinrU showing in each face Nos Fund G show little gold in dish prospects Soon as sufficient dirt in hoped will start mill a train Crushed 450 tons (It I Ltd A net . Bendigo, 20th -1 850ft Xcut W driven Sit , total 121) At 25ft from shaft passed through black tin) and tin stout and flucan latest t vertically Heicuks, Mt Reid, 13th Dr long tunnel on course of lode, without change. Gt Northern Extd , Rutherglen, 20th Ground Still scullin? a crying evil on drives and with all a pin and-, they were in bad working order, so thought it advisable to drive new one's have to drive about bOtt , which will take about week, he fore man) fates will be blocking again After this block of ground is taken out, shall be getting clear of clay, and it will be lighted on timber, and more bottom will be. uncovered Pair pro greys being made in timber shaft S Should be near completion in about three weeks total depth, 200ft (cold, week 12oz- 6dwt in Northern Ltd Coin, Rutherglen 21st - Chamber at 300ft driven 5ft for week total IS flats still hard Pumps and in machinery in good order No hitch is in quantity water I Gr S Udor ide. Gaffney's Ck, 10th-Tunnel driven 12ft for week, total ITS stone underfoot still mineralised Shift sunk left for week, total 16 Diorite dyke, dipping W I Ot b Long ruined Walhalla -0th -Xcut W at liking during last ; total is Drive S at 1 600ft 30ft road was 1- lee consisting slate and pug, continuing dell pintes 700ft level in Stopes reef averages 18in wide, showing gold 87ft level Stopes within 6ft of b Flour of TTttft level stopes reef 3ft wide, containing. fair gold 1 600ft Lev el Stopes show reef averaging out to 3ft wide, taming sold Gt Souths in, Rutherglen, 20th- Gauged pres; sure of water at bores to day, found no decrease at Hiding bore, but old test bore drilled to 15lb, being a decree i c of lb per square inch Had whole of running bona proved to get away) much water as possible Machinery working well Gt Southern and Chiltern v ilk) Ltd , Luther "len, "Ulli --Shift Sunk 4ft, total 1 , further depth sunk but not timbered Number of strikers now to be increased to three shifts so that better progress a may be expected Gt Southern June at , Rutherglen, 20th During week panelling and blot key, continued, one shift lost yield 30 shut 7½ Gt Southern No l, Kuthcighn, Other main lower level! extd 20ft , total from N E main drive 44 tourist) going through it present hard brown n el w tier about some timber drive 40ft, total by Contractors engaged with erection near puddlers, expect completion about eight or tend its When sample tea drives be at once extd into k 3 Machinery and pump, working butisfat tons) Gt Western Athur. HOLE -Good progress made with tunnel though had air causing some inconvenience Will from pipes and flower soon as po -able Court to) continues most of favourable Hanlin, 1 lakewood, 20th tues opens at 1 and W off No IN carrying wash of pour enialUv No J N stopped temper sail) until runs in little dis- trace No 9 N advanced obit and Xcut opened oil it going I in pay) able wash W drive of No 2 No extd sit in every co inn. wash, showing gold NCUIIIIJL, fill S L drive from shoot in ground of poor quality) aÎIN L five days 26oz- 13dwt One day lost through tubes of butter le king 1 Expect connect second boiler next week It tion ( M , Rokewood, both -Main drive in life , lot ii b. Bored up to w IAU 1 ft above laths Now cutting drive back prepay Her) to putting up Hanover Steiglitz, 16th - fOOt A nt 1 in 7 ft , lode thrown b , when a break in the country) hisoctuncd causing a great inflow of w made laying progress I expect to be through life is in Mt or off and to pick up to le Water coming str ing from a net 200ft -No I ran up 45ft , new make MUM coming in Stopes without change, lntewmdmtc drive 1 of main use in 20ft little gold showings in fair ikpbmn Estate, Smeaton, 20th -N drive extd still in big wash carrying little gold total from No 4 rise 1 Mt N prospecting drive off W extd Wit total 70 got gravel in this line Her Majesty's Group, Golden Valley. 21st - (one through formation, cut reef 3ft wide earr) ing gold plainly visible Walls well defined, reef making rapid Ilibe mi i lift, till -Still breaking stone in cutting, see gold Have good bit stone broken and expect to < mail in about one month Batten at present under repair that oak is '0th -built in cistern at 400ft and made every preparation for deepening shaft 100ft New sinking on a contract Hit or Miss S Prop, W A, 2nd-No 1 shaft down this year reached foot di of reef, and shows fully 18in of reef, which looks very well No 2 Shaft-sinking nMimed, left good men Houuuaid He said Stiwtll -20th Sunk shaft at In week total 00 1 rected whip little v tor making Hope lilac) wood 10th Tunnel extd 13ft in <? Hillstone and quartz? leaders Water coming freely Hope Wood's Point, 18th -Here Hoef, 1 I late stoping between second and third levels, per quart? on main lode, showing gold, new action brick still thin and poor sonic spurs best turn two Cutting across the Hon Dr over second hand min quill? coming down from his face now 3ft high stout poor quality New Reef, Ijp irr floor Back over middle, stope still rising little its SS above sum door small leaders and is cut the branches of quartz extend left town for mined principally slate from that down to floor not much gold showing No change in other parts SI Smith of tunnel driven 70ft when contract abandoned another ht and work commenced this as ming 1 engine shaft cut down Vift , now cutting plant for become kill in bore reefs around " Bendigo, 20th -PnWicd cutting g lift at For Ht driven on 1 kg 20ft Reef but I am up into > spurs from 2in to 6in thick, showing mundic, galena, and little gold Driven N cart before thick, showing. quantity) mundic and galena Hcpl iron 1 had , Pi munford 20th -Continuing drive Struck Indicator (slate) Samples for war led to office Hunt H I Extd Gaffney's 61 I'Hh -Cleaned up for 17 13dwt gold from 160 tons Work is said tfUi wash up in one of"" (ii extreme end drive S craft level), where pro meets improved little On star number of tributers have seen (round Gift level but stain to a robust .... still in S free under this level, reported as best Slake letter progress next week, and get to work in rib to India it or, Killara 10th -No 6 Level, N Drive- seems small but fair quality S main kill extd 7ft I xcut Rfl country thangin', ml making more water Other parts mine with out chains 20 tons hides 200 itJdvvt 12gr John Woods Stawell 20th-No 1 part driven 27ft put try In ruf j early in fish of payable character Opened out N and 8, with pay able prospects No 3 party sOft through good looking wish and in prices payable provuecLs No 3 party repairing main shaft and other parts No 1 party panelling Gold fortnight llOo? 7dwt best In time Stawill, 20th -W -Xcut extd 4ft in week total 53ft ground dipped about 6ft, and prospect! improving Some time lost repairing whim ranging Uvel Bendigo 20th-I Soft level - Stoping N and S Cm lied 1', loads for 2dwt No not W extd 12ft to at Christmas In i Sampson Stuwtll 20th - Not v t produced in turning out 11-inch tions practising for our tons of same Alister be settled probably next Ring Hercules Dirndls lill Senna of Iron and ci per day rates revolver appeal case of milk Ing strainer therefore apt ashes fighters seen in bends of the t to tavern s runs of pyrites appears to lie Very much ills meat of one to find forwarded to Parker G Teed city for treatment knee best The male -belt-driven cleaned up and timbered 7ft hvcivtlumr stone I expect li In successive will I mix I mills! in W V 2nd -No 2 shaft-, S ku! driven -Of! showing aph will! rest for Ullin II lull No 2 luftMink lift under No 2 level Reef 18in wide g Kid quality of 1 said total 99ft lode Ofl walls of for quality Obtained some. very for special is fire of reefs I made s Drum William, vi re-started stope muller 8 in lower tunnel stone still making In of our i!! in dyke formation carrying payable gold Reef In drive on W nif m when 18in , sh win.; gold in stone Plates looking well I Unix's Dream Cons "nth Sinking In like a nation I if tunnel still about Oft when of Pennine (it same portion as from d -mi earn in - goo I gold lies ,"," means of," properly at N hiiilulin Hill a Di, em N Walls till 13th -No 2 Tun in Miss Lee- And dv invited lit when she continued Drive S on main lode" claimed Off 1 is pay wide No 3 team,,! W pref either 4 ft in pm- simi- on h lining will lines Ruf We debt i ! urn still - Binnie in his non firiarehd 15 min election being pushed forward list Chance ltd! "it 20th -Shaft sunk I't vin had a points No festivals is.,, in sl, are about 4ft (All showing little gold I If I Imp A car Woodburn Ck 10d, - bundle Toft compiled Billin tallies reade tom i >[ 11 r piles both i In ii and surface dam when! No. living Plunger In ultu shift ski, windmills she is indi lull Goiiiiaiisl.ii nth Tunnel driven t lil unit (opinion seem to work No 2sec Shift sunk 11ft, through ground same as No 1 Emma III 201 h Stopped stoping on i g Idea for prim Now breaking stone at tunnel hiel 1 J. e timing good gold The live Jllh-Ae ut extd 6ft for week chute I Imbi n Is Billiard 20th No 3 Shaft -No 7 Im)-Msiue-f < tepislnN and No 2In 1 N main drive in Oil total 24ft Stone, ,"i,"|, string and shining 1 It the gold No 1 Ship St missed their nanima No 1, Rillaiat 20th Of! shop II on lurM 1 Jdv stone last week on 1 alone will Ins proved to had our Will take crushing (rum 11ft wide and little she ne on alien for present Seen Nine nice. gold in st me almost crushing 117 tons vi lied in: silver lying Gllllv Illinois 20th At 240ft level can no mail rising Up 21st Stone small hut heavily mineralised Shall open out from haul of rise to div Extd S drive Oft Stone Inore ised (limit shops but without improvement in in cast Strong Willis a miner in from each wall Nothing so it is to refer to horn OF ft level At 700ft level P xcut advancing 711 now in 57ft still cutting villas seem Owing to Increased water not run in need when Indoor as contemplated batsman to morrow Sholl Iron result of small fish mulling long Tunnel Walhalla 13th - 1 122ft lent- stone show for quality atom 20in with 1,5"?(( I mills stopes lode 18in wide, hair showing Had 122ft Level Lode in slope. Jft whit stout fair quality 4 12 'ft I eui-l/xlc In stopts 25ft wide fair quality 1822 ft level 1 once all in v still rings 2ft w Id fob quality When down 40ft 1 726 Unit xbd S on course of Trade Sir , total cost I do eeveriLis 2ft wish showing gold Started retired N level at rounds of hot Halter) give full names fu past will long tunnel Extd Walhalla "Olli -Slopes, DOOR level showing that rain storm with little gold Stopes 1 400ft level reefs showing pay and L, and Means 1 200ft level showing good bull atom with fair gold Stopes soft kid reef 3ft , allowing full told Stopes 1300ft level Reef 18in, stone good payable quality Stopes, lfilOIt but, lief them allowing good suitable told Stipes, 1 once lived looking will and showing good in the gold Shaft 6ft , total 60ft pins No 16 phil Amalgam week, COST: and Nils on St Alimilil llltli-Ililli from Old Iona (foiliilLhl) 10oz Shaft sunk 25ft VVIiuo 1,11011 126ft sunk 12ft, total salt MIDI i of I i II Dundas Tasmania 11th Winn on No 1 Inch sunk 4ft total 40ft , allowing lode 18in wide including pyrites and antimonial ore, water canal In galena on footwall No 2 tunnel (on No 4 lode) eh i vin Sift , allowing same amount solid pyrites-, vein M-tJnvttitil said the pro ou MWEtHiJ nail No 2 lode driven 15ft. 1. on course of SUITE Width of lode still about 18in , shot Ing small vein fall and antimonial ore on hanging nail Lj oil Pioneers , Gormanston, 14th Tunnel extd total 32ft Formation same last reported, namely, decomposed pug with slashes iron and copper pi rites Later - Drue, fOOt through pug found tion lode showing loose conglomerates all Tharsis, Tasmania, Lillie - N drive extd 6ft , total 53ft no change 1 extd trench on hill to 50ft long and 4ft deep still finding limit veins copper pyrites Trying bill in different places and find pi rites union. in the Mariposa, Dundas,, 14th Contractors for tram line getting on very fast last fortnight, and with good weather next fortnight a 111 be about two miles of line finished contractors' line 14 mill employed on Hue Madame Berri, Rokewood, both -Bore down 78ft in hard reef. Madame Henri Vf , Kingston, lOtk -No 6 Rise -New 1 drive off W drive in 150ft in reef Block ing faces in various decks turning out wash fair quality W Branches Xcut extd kill for four days, rush about finished and dipping No 2 rise up required height, and opened out in pliable it ish N 1"-No 1 L xcut again started, and extd 40ft , n ah at front of laths not payable Other races pay able Main W IN xcut the same extd "ft , wash loose and payable S M extd 14ft in light reef requiring occasion it shots, now much softer stored up to small loose gravel bit over back in his first, 200ft from opening Gold week, sUGar 15dwt Madame- brass..,, Rokewood, 20th -1 section of pi mt almost completed 1 Expect start getting is a ter out Monday Malvern Ulli, llulae.iincl¡ Oth -Mills shaft sunk 20ft , total 27 expect make better progress now every indication change country coming in M'tioi s, HUoiado JOth-\W faces looking well, all in good payable wash top floor, No 4 Ills«-No 1 L total lift , wash payable had 1 100ft good stone payable wash, leo net Mopped to drain veins of! both, showing good stopes of wash 21st Yield, 10oz 4dwt bold 1 ton wheat -star tin McGrcgor, Alberfeldi liner 18th - Flushing completed Wheelmen's travellers Halantc-lioli ! ready to place in position, t cutting for pump pipes M Nimmie Silver and Nickel, N 1 Deaths, 14th -Mat levels drive 12ft total 128 6 due Port , total T York in the full of pyrites Cut up CLUB carbonates in S drive 1 oils in N uni ism uni. Stopib-leading stop, left , lode as last reported Second stope 14ft , lode good in breast of stope branch driven 5ft in bottom of wine lode 4ft fairly good ore, Midas Cons 1 illicit 20th-Nu 1 Shaft Started to his U carried a whip water w is 150ft from surface, SUHL found in shaft 70ft Machinery working well No 2 Shaft rebuttal j kid week, (7 dwt Moonlight Junct , Fleetwood Fuller 10th lice in a did not. up -4ft them haughtily dipped straight down with immense 1 olders Instead of putting this drive down Started drive W off N drive jnU obtained good product from it Will push on with two shifts Monk Christo Avoca, 19th Sinking shaft pro a pressing wants H tonh Government Geologist in spected property. and gives very favourable report Mt Inc Tax; , 11th -Sunk 1011 , ground in vwOi fntcrmlMd with pyrites and came"' Httk fine gold all through Sink making trick by Mr Should cut look at about 15ft according to under his on Mirfin Mt IÎUÎMÏW Pitwp . THE till- I engine shaft unwatered Shaft Sunk another all through colo mill Driving being,, continued from lowest level to connect with engine strait Drive on ore body it intermediate Uni discontinued is it can be. more cheaply mined which level connected with engine shaft At Hepburn. Olmo, loth -M and eveN drive on course of lode advanced 32ft full length 500ft S drive extd 20ft now in shaft IJcihivc tunnel energetically proceeded with, entire length 122ft Procurator) lirruuiuients for treeJug Hall mill, and cyanide plant and (Tijou hitherto in use now being stirred out in readiness to comPlete firSt 10 head stamper battery which be despatched from found. about end of week Mt 1 jell Pim 1 the - Smelting Plant Both Miss furnaces in open it on No 2 lost couple of shifts through led in winemaker 1 extension of Plants condition walls for ore bins nearing completion finning timbers splatter Water see from Conglomerate Creek novation in pain grey (late from r Fork of Queen to C cart rut rs I hunting and tank site in progress converter plants working ning completion Smelting 1 furnace- Month and corner columns raised setting up cruciliUs paying surrounding floor Converter*--Ula^t corner actions of No 1 completed, laying vicious trailer through converter room Blowing 1 nillir- Completely UnlsheJ and tested and running satisfactorily Hollensen ted and fired on limit dies- Mr re tiring commit lion Hydraulic Car-\s.icinblcd and in place Orme Upper gin in progne High pressure Pump Tinted and accumulator loaded and tested Silica and a Mill-Cruhhir in position I lev itor pit in progress Steam engine mounted shooting in progress Cutting in supply of coke and matte for starting weather for 10th - It is living completed to day in complete working order Mt Lyell Comstock day, 14th Tunnel extd 9ft total 'iO country red schist Mt Lyell Cons, has 20th-Tunnel advised all country to Salome rite and quartz well mineralised Mt I tell 1 extd , the 11th- tunnel minutes for fortnight The total 101, country quirUitc, earning places and skin is clear lies Mt Hillock, light dray on lode or dyke formation extd lift a total length timbered W Nerrin Nerrin Ilardoe 7th - Resumed sinking main shaft depth Flirt Mine minor raised W Her coming slowly Winding plant be- shipped by our Melbourne Sith Neil Ballarat, 'has, 20th - Ground changed to granite With pi -spots indicating New Break of Day, Rokewood -Other drive in SIt In reef cars driven . lit and start life to block Newth lit down fell Remark rock at oft New Brothers' Home No 3, Derby either in progress, made for week mill treated with 1919 the mines will tk and out it ] unlock, and marking bottom dead to each other full in the face Water reduced to IO hauls d iii Nell centennial Mull ill 1, 11th -N drive extd 6ft Reef widening, coal in di h w Uli making all flCe Mills thrilled ill I! en Mt New 01 um, St Arnaud, 10th -Main shaft lift for neck tomlin still dull night in its Muk ing list br e dies or bird timber all jumbled up with pure 1 wins nilciiifxisl through could be one C unlicenced Work at xci t, 200ft but Extd xcut It New In Mujinu, 21st Shaft sunk Pit total SO Suspended sinking has led skills through bills burst of surface u area No easing con Elderslie Resume sinking Monday morning Machinery and pupils work Ing well Neil). mine near Moonambel with -1200 - Drill In left Stone small, but leave aid St read pumping Thursday arriving at mg 111 nell Contractors for election of bitten itched Ihn ugh foundry work His being for added later -1 x p e r stir out and give below MuiuLn New l.Iciipitrlc. I Bathurst 11th -1 rushed plat Driven 16ft Puddling in debate completed Ncn sudden Gale lurid the nth - Owing to S W Xcut dipping underfoot had to stop same and sturt main line to pick it lift hoped to reach dip in about fortnight l field, for trial ending 14th, OOur bear Ninham W illulia bulletins on eastern reef extd t, 13ft lode still, carrying on with nails W Xcut 14ft Country.) changing, Water coming from face Ncn hole I near, Bathurst, 20th - No 1 Shaft - No deal- Mills N reef drive extd 15ft total from rise 20.1 goldfield i, sets alighting and long tie ming up butter, 4.1 , 11207 12dwt No 2 I re-opened till mill driven N bit hard country Tenders invited for pushing on drive with rock filling No 2 shaft down lift , sands Nell I thrilling, Gaffney's Creek 18th -1 extd S drive "lit formed ; total loss lift to shift Dike small New Icilitlnil Maryborough 2nd -W turn on lode sunk 6ft total 01 (min 200ft and Hubble stone met with last week given plan to insure defined and solid formation, about 6in thick, dipping N NUn lot is line Mullock, 17th -Stop es In rise from the N W drill burn it stone len fan cold In main tunnel going N, stone carrying" fine gold making in the, which should improve as due cont innes Oil main reef all slopes look will, not suit Hide In eastern xcut drill going' bl. un Hat rest shells lit atom, carrying good gold Drill comg N W on Hut reef connected' with dine on lifting lief crushing until belli ventilation Stope our time shows "ft stone, fair gold Mashed up 1 000 or from Omeo tons New Mirlner Steiglitz WHEN, I 1 ful- la! i up lift in slate country) She i Id mt lode at Elwick if no said, comes in No 2 It fell North -W luze sunk sit in stone poor quality should Improve is sunk in No I I can Norths. it I extended lift from her little water million.', expect to meet 1 de hire- soon No I lucky Xcut extd to 109 from shaft, in bags of tin! stone and let me it ith quartz Krutli rs rattling through No 7 leul-\tiit exit list t- stuff from shaft, dec In slate more -than, und h oka likely white tulle tributors- level N from bottom of June next! to left but small shoot stone going down showing little gold New Morning Star, Monds Point lSth-Wootli flat level extd lift milk and chain el will I return of Mingin s nine, in-urine 10in until I then started out from this but to, me Inn ml In our ground Rising To mt upper floors in rating for nine! lift him bitter salt New Norm min II while it Oth In this 1 is I led all ii lids I Stopes mostly in a 101 tun No 11 Illdii rain Started to rise No 7 S drive extd ill No 59 drill in He burn In the Nui N Prime of Wales endless Olli - lOOfl W ii lit extd will, total 177 Id soiled To ex bonus, Ni li Win Not, Iletltastlt, I'll lists been for water Cut talks in free of debt for Walnut One quartz in face carrying gold Sen William Lauriston 15th 120 I can N drill extd 5ft, total absent 1 extd lull Cul like looking leaders, turn into cob! lulu shoot gilt! thrill rain this day. I ml-Sloping oil Mr 1 KUI n rise N arms on a More still c UTI lug gold New Years Steel's- rather what it is in the total lil throughly slate and amidst , What will 60ft from his ill, fine milking, m Nil Desperandum, Donnelly's Creek , 13th - Rise up till , total 51 Reef 3ft good payable c del Will connel 1 Hill Show next nek North Argus, Eaglehawk, 21st - "He I xcut dray 11 Kilt , total kill Nmtk Hu mingham steiglitz with - 'um level Rising and sloping Sale of about sum, still levels The reef 12in to min showing the gold Stopes look Mill Intcllnclluti do his home about 6in, showing lift. cold sinking 11 bloom- about HILL , showing quality) inflict a had little cold Nollll tuns Rokewood Hill -(cutting chamber from top of rise extd 111 , push 1 lose out back laths Witted tilling Kline still -food prospect are rich gold sec will ]" 1 North Dllki, limit, LMlli -V Y! lulu medium girls drilling its No 4 rise to wash S launch Lillie and W interment the extd JIP. to push is of now rising, hope t lo Ntilke run of Cold shortly S intermediate off No. but me shaft, extd roll Will like to wash about end next week No change in) other pint Held 10oz 6dwt North Fred Omit, Sebastian, 25th I Oft Xcut extd 5ft total 107 M 10TH t lit back with about lit sandstone, intermixed with threads quartz Sunk shire dom hue lift country in) the Billilli North Here till s Extended Mount Reid 14th - 'tunnel driven 1 It total HO New tion him) spur and gossan which indicates close proximity of lode Trenching in northern put them on heating, and exposed boat quay N King kill, (toimuustiiii 11th Shaft sunk total salt (urination Mine previously prepared to Sluicing Washed up UM didn't kill Water N laid) Urusill, Suits) to , 20th -Shaft sunk 16ft a total IN) intending sink to limit and Hu 11 xcut r N Long Tunnel, Walhalla IRIh - M lure In mill sunk 3ft , total 40, reef Hill , turning fill gold N Echo!, driven 12ft, total 40, reef 4ft still llll-Wy intensified Eton., mill streets dyke footwall, which also heavily charged with pride N Lyell Pioneers, Corina aston, Hth -Bun. stripping copper formation, 10 big? copper on his ii el N Mack's Lucky, Rokewood 20th-Sloping at bottom of No 4 Winze, -sunk 4ft 6in wide, going b No-' value A stone 3ft wide in- gold ocasionally N _ij_ilula, Stawell, 20th -visit enteritis for week, total loss Count.) dark, schist, with some, of quartz in back of drive N JI inner, Sleiillu 20th Prospecting shaft down lift , lode Collie shown very vertical, undEr have left him in the firm sold by pounding -tone N Mt Lyell Tas, Allesio 1 Tunnel-E while sunk 3ft, total to. L nut advt 6ft, total loo Rock as last reported AV Winze Lilla interest, stirred driving a , lir light until (surface) some. 30ft, total U good grade, ore, and improving No 2 tunnel advt Oft , total 4-, country conglomerate N Prentice, Rutherglen, 20th-Two more bores put up from below, one of which uniting fair stream water Now live bon. running fair ftriunH writes Timber Shaft started sink again next Monday, but sunk 40ft Now putting In bus. and Expect start -sinking again 21st AVutir keeping about same as last reported Total depth timber shaft 200ft Contractors making fair progress with erection of two extra puddling machines N Trompis, AI.r.bo.oi!_li 20th - Shaft sunk 5ft , total 40 Driven S on course lode Hit Struck gold best yet seen This is continuation of gold passed through in shaft N Woah Hawp Ballarat it 20th -S main drive, No 6 level after 25ft no during the 5 Level Winze down 40ft VV -stopes show more gold Indu itor stone pinched field, Glow from 110 N Yorkshire, Elaine, 10th -Shaft sunk rate , total 40 No 4 Curtin Davis, DuniKi 14th -Shift total 29ft lode continues strong formation of a. rite-, galena, and other ores No 1 S Russell's, f Bunton, 20th - Rise brightened total "at will link with, 25ft bills to 1 N Norseman, 20th - No 4 north is shaft attained 62ft Work suspended An. good gold still shall ing will fall Alum but left -A!! tribute now being loiniutratid In extending -> and S drives at 300ft level N drive Jill from shaft, stone showing eyes of gold S off Ive 22ft from shaft, good stone The! continues 20ft tank Water - ceased and ing in water shaft Drum to W "ft Driving through soft diorite bar Export large supply. when through I estimate that main near his but in sOft A in good working country, water making over 8,000 Gallons per day Wind iiigiuLim and pump working splendidly 2nd - Continuing drive. N and of main shaft Uulunii of machinery. arrived this evening, und st, id progress being in use in eruption No IN Lady's Walhalla 20th Drive and left ; total is still Jft was, highly minute paid b iiidslolii'and sl sites intermixed with lode A stir, Ballarat, .Otu-Uisi 1 10th on Guiding Mar lodE up lists total 60 lode 4ft wide will mineralised and gold seen both in animals seem and solid stone Drive W V of I course sunk rivers at little , last 14ft carries a large star artists will minor died quite proud to see W felt further N. to pick up lode cut by natural, or shifted AV Opened out I lit 000ft and cut into Quieting Mar lode, carrying not good looking quartz ve 13 promising appearance -lUggett. (Uli), Criswick Uth Still driving in nice slate country, interfered with sand! stone has Passed through and, after bleak, and met with full of slum, aft wide showing fair gold In all 1 of blow was meant) working by old Nugget. till, land was rich I eil assured iii it lump sum will soon be in a good position Driven for week Just , total ISO water put) hell) Now going to open out N and S on lode Nuggetty Reefs- Maldon 19th 210ft level eitel "6ft total 71-, 1 wall still going on Little blue ill! till showing OIL mu, Italian Hth- Expect bill pit be coin placed and had IOLS in position Running well- 1 . salvation for pumping engine liebig i quietly married on Hid and longitudinal lines well under way and bl ii id in fine e! w. Old -lining the edge 20th AV move from 2 400ft level sunk 4ft total 07, ground slate am) treads quartz to Louisa rushed from here LOVE doz 2 shaft a -vein advancing "ft , total 418 in find stone and! spurs more water S intirnt drive above remaining 6ft, total 78ft , ruf Win and shows fair gold Amt started sum lived across siding and it dom N drive at 420ft steel 7ft total loo reef 4ft to bit um! looks pie alike LriHieel HI loads for this Tributers had 807 from 10 11 ads Ophir, Weildirbuni, 20th - Engine and pumps working will destitute sinking main shaft Oriental and North Cross Stawell, 20th- Shaft sunk 12ft for fortnight Item cutting out grounded fear luncheon side of shaft Ground little harder, and war) relief mineralised Total depth but it 2 shaft l'tntiiKon Pitfield, 13th -L drive in note and changing as it forms mar the gold being found the N N drive in -Mt Pitfield IM Hi In Prop 20th -Operations li) Nos 3 and 2 parties mainly confined to ground, which is opening up very satisfactorily I'rintlii 1 declined further rich 21st -Main level til lull Sturt to receive 20 each) in wick No Bahia L drive hotel lift enid opening up of) the ground No 1 No 2 N olí null I drive alo opening ground of fair quality No 17 Air drive e Mel soft , pun Hine, ground of average quality At the rod of I lift parted Piusiiiv new mu i lit lined, and be fitted at i m e Aleuntuni W lift keeping with r at about seven and a half 7ft strokes per minute A kid Jim I'rintlii Limed, ItittlierLliu 19th-Sturt, is preparing to die t vi railing working will be seen sinking Avenel in Pride and Stringer A iiekundiiiduli 20th No 2 mine deepened 3ft total 20, lode 3ft ville! stone est breaking down shown! little more gold and 1111.1 plaintiff mineral No 2 rise no improvement N drive on Pride lode extd 12ft , t and O, lóele little disturbed, owing to passing through slide Prince Regent Ballarat 26th Sinking well nail constructing listing Will open the centre shift this wind and dust W t.70ft -Driving N and S mail slot wing IV of his arrival g usual amount pay able stone 700ft Stoping on W side of old workings, stone poor A kid liSo? 14dwt Prime of Wales and Bonshaw Ballarat SOth 2,1ft visit In 117ft very hard Mildstom 1 Hill -S drain on course W lode In 250ft lode is out sum si. i turning well decline in footwall, with very promising looking stone on wall Slopes through it without change (.iikksilvcr Ahm linen son Both -Retort n gently elected eight With (met rock last week, unselected from bottom of main shaft and di lies at Soft result, 1 per cent of quicksilver Well boys now in lug sunk when drives in here will be proceeded with tenders for delivery of hear bitten on mine will be considered Heifers I make, halgiKirll,, -1st -Main Shaft - 17th level driven total 11ft and it present in In re material fairly soft even admiring if turn body of on du id Western shafting level total Wft land at present in hard solid diorite with Evans of soft brown diorite Inter vening indicating the inn it fund About tuft mine to drive to supplies Mill live) upon and if line lode littwiLii two kinds Westing drive total 126ft Reefer- trident, is signally lingered in great rinsing out Stop e d driving N on lode at 400ft level!, and put an ii (o sink on lode at -this level on course of quiet" is idle This seems to show more gold thrill lit lover is vol About 4ft thick, and underlying to N Vnliuiutt meeting with huge body of good payable on or greater di rich Itokivvood N Amal , Rokewood, both R drive from jump-up now much principal drive to drain their side of mine, Belling on will Rokewood Ltd , 20th -N W drive 28ft luna sim reef cutting out brown not coming in S L drive 4.11 Reef 3ft underfoot Rosebery), Coolgurdk 2nd-Lieut 211 Driving N on me been granted one month's exemption for he use his Rostbin Woods unit will - Rise- i extd 5ft, total 77 Reef chiselled out to 12ft , consisting of friable quartz mixed with desire of very is It character and carrying small prospects Reef increasing in width and prospects improving as advance and seems to be entirely new formation to any hitherto worked in ltd prospects i|kbt across formation This evening and obtained good dwt prospect lies ill s Reef I abrasions Yes-No 1 Shift Crushing from left and W kg pink tulle mine main finally Reef lines in thickly s (rain little 111 Two men pt secting huge hull stone, going S at 13ft skin, but not pin the vet Connie and lo sent to W reef which should be united 111 about! 30ft No 2 Shaft out at 12ft and uni 1 k , Total 19 Out nine wall underlying W earning small seam mundic s due- exit! Uli , total 259 Uri net at present 21st (old, III? Salt Junk, 1 laine, 20th S drive W lode In 400ft contractors with another shot of stone, showing good gold In solid Winze down I left lode between nails our left So gold in bri king Mill starts crushing at key's batten on 31 in all ¡5tbisto|ol Plot No Mill -1 600ft -W went to 10ft , total 1M!!T Shaft In the- carring little mineral runs POOR - W Xcut to lift pital drift , through quartz boilers N will be on lung Ing wall In 1811 tons tuft late- all stone of promising appearing carry my mind oils black Jack and a full gale is Gild men In slate s and obtainable In dish prospects country wins Hull dlstiirltdbi slid, it fulling N I , mid dipping; S , but lode is now again on its regular course soft -M extra In 10, It Slupin id s Hutt) Ck 21st at tion no i kiln i) proceeding-alls!utorlli Ixpictli mm picture and next week, when mining tpcrallutis In immediately connect need sir Henri Each leader M Ruf turn 17 Oil skin extd lift Main drive S in oft extd Mt like to find out what Improving In up, mint i attending lad. In stores all alike Inttriniiliiti dray S extd lift in life at Pink died N left lode in former drs, c ft putt ind In father of Stopes producing fair qn mill! stone Held fortnight, Hinton's, floor Odwt sh English I'iunklln Woodspoint Isbel per amid dire, d I it is remind, Mott Mine on Frank sunk lit pulls Vu fungi Slate Reef Mining 21st Rise from II of kin is his t > ullin Ititi nil to cross to handle milk at left and S drive extd 17ft, total 111 Stopes about murder sleuth, left to lift , showing little cold iccusioiiilli crushed Dr Louis fur £1 / 1 Itlwl storm s and Scots Stawell 26th -Sinking a Inn. In reef at Hill kill In Ing cures, iron D pth 15ft He 1¿»(l thick Stone fingering us of being (salted down S Court has, filling 2 tunnel 1 extd total 270ft I one But, shire Eng M In guide but as timm 1 not been mined oil and district In unit! this, thunder of both cannot be. stated intended to ion to ann. tunnel battle of Marne further, and also to them on full S ( union lines M held in, Slut runner t t I 40ft in (Jft fr. in starting point step in and shutting little gold, william sales hell for our lines should make intends line in about the walks' most thrilling S Ut nulli Million 21st -I IVlft luclN extd 20ft, rains Cut out Iltlb stone sinking In end N drive and lOOIt has i with tuft or K U from xcut stone at, the mine nil IMII but no gold Winze N black to III Brian LEWIS kind No cb mci S C union Extd Maldon M - What I extd -lit , or 18 demi shift Nuihnnge S leap in No 1 Woodburn Ck , 20th-W still in 1 id still council s I have Matlock, 17th -curing extd 15ft, total roll! ( Hintr) fund shall S Mark's Hill, shot through, south-West at II has, suspended) for pre nil 2 Mt lull has, 14th- Shaft section legally sunk III total Hill ("mines) do not haul him stills, holds mind liked (centre tunnel 11211 advanced near, Hill Mr ft country east s. first Main tunnel suffer I/H2-P have enlisted nil total cost , In dish boil) in inviting - larger, purer, and more complex than anything hitherto suit on lied S Mt lull Cons, Gormanston, 14th Driven north and , total llHt S Pride and Stringer, luckutnlniidnh, Hill - Hrlieu fell this 50ft Country) slate and quartz, making a good deal winter S Russell's I nllrlBlon "sold -4000 bales deserved total NIII Nothing In di like to kid enid Hotel Mt indi Oin S Sim, Sdiustopo!, Slat - 1 Oltlft Level N drive- progressing slowly through tight tennis), stars small In S and lode improving, now fine and-, well mineralised, and gold bearing Ol'ilt will Pure N drive in 2016 from -east, lode full size of drive, and showing gold No l winze H. ima MM lad. Alf. wide in Lavenu who, i winze S down 60ft ; now busy opening out to be -winze All "hope is showing abundance fish in quality) stone Auld 08707 9dwt 12gr from 1 seasons -making.- satisfactory) progress with bitten I have "- Star Extd , Sebastopol, 20th -Overiinulcel in church, baling with three shifts Good pigs as being winds SW Curtin Davis, Tis , 11th -No 1 twine 1 S drive advanced oft ; total Cost Lode and country in md disturbed as drive extended 6ft total OJtt bin lead us on from top to bottom of drive No 2 tunnel advanced 7ft total 38ft Country laird turn) SHALL, with nine parties 11 tons of on sported und b aged rt d) for pick ling Will big another 5 tons oon us HILLS arrive Ore Talking been provided with Later 12m skin fall ore In V drive Speedwell, Billatit 20th Sinking main shaft deland be slight bri huge food repaired and working 700ft S Mum five-stone shows gold Stopes on Indicator payable Stopes on ! no! AV side show fair old inland di in Ix-vil-Stom improving N end stem looks promising-, "700ft Stopes show fair stone CrOft lisi progressing COOft -I was in favourable country) 150ft and 100ft Ives Stem small and payable No ) Shaft, 200ft live Driving N lliuf S JOOft - T Stopes opening up favour else A Ault- Through vertical stout lOOff -W Mut in sandstone Stopes look fair Aitld, 2197 7dwt Spring Hill while Cent I ends Kingston, 20th - Sinking stt mills proiLtdlng lit added to depth, total Jllf Pmnps claiming 7. strokes per minute Southern and Prentice told , Rutherglen 20th - Repairs all cities Water out of shaft Opening out shift for first plunder Sail last Helliirat, Until - No 3 Shift 2 600ft Lyell Mel S dim on tours of lode 16ft total 57ft , stout small Rise up 29ft arising stone 3ft wide 420ft Unionist up 25ft from inter mediate, lode 4ft showing little- gold JOOft Lu el-Adult 27ft in L nut, full length 200ft No 2 shaft 1 feOOft Ltd W xcut dv lined 20ft, total 25ft Passed through vein of stone about till unit lining you run mineral water Increasing 1 oOOft I travelled 21st to W xcut, now in these Driving on course of stone be returned it distance of 75ft from shaft 300ft Level S W went oil in till drive distant 57ft , v all out illness Now eliseeilitinutii and driving s r, sumed 400ft li vice Mr W out. is full length 87 it , about 12in stone in luck Lucretius ing water Star south I have 20th Sunk shaft 4ft , total 74ft Afore with making Steel sound Oluinin-gln Aindoit 20th- Tunnel extd 17ft shaft """L, 7ft for week Prospects about saint Not yet broken! through old shaft Stringer Consols -uikundutiduh 20tli-iiinntl extd 7ft , total 506 Completed sinking air shift and the pipes to fun Suffolk wife, finishing 20th Shaft sunk 16ft, total for Britain sandstone W Mart at 300ft driven 5ft total 1(e (round which, will ribs -Rillstone Passed through le ther 2lb Bill. Uli everlasting r Sulieman Pasha is ill at 200ft -Shaft N - xcutting 1 through very hard ground arise and found 14ft lode making 1 virgin Sunbtuii Napoleons with -No 1 Use Cmm her completed Started to drive v 1 in 12ft S W drive in 40ft Ought to strike gutter in bulk of drive in driving Mr pipes lived Smart, linkwood Pull -s Shaft xcut total 50ft Cut about 12ft on top, 4ft in bottom Will drive on this stone Surprise, Ittdb ink, 10th -Main shaft sunk 6ft , total his Tasmanian hall Press , letters sent at 60ft extd alt t it is JI Got 7ft into lode and no sign of bringing will let lode looks to be made the. latter nine, into full footwall well defined and (of us can be been lode is permanent one Will cut into side to morrow to see if it improving N NI lode shall sing S side of xcut, showing that it only milking from Xcut N Hine about runs on surface formation qu Pritzler, and looks same as that found in N lull In (act, it is sum lode and will improve as we get away from break and into solid Eastern xcut at 40ft extd Mt, total SJ No change Bulk assay). Ide t gold, 07 silver 5 per cent copper r Toombon RMS - No 16 Level- N drive extd 15ft No chance s drive on eastern lode extd 15ft total 12s Beef ism thick, good quality Stopes short loin stom nails fair gold Xcut towards eastern Ink extd 7ft lode should not be- far distant No J Icitl-Reef in slopes averages 12in to the shutting cold Cleaned pi ices alas! I is Troops lined, Marlborough 20th-I running poppet legs with the raising early next neck line of tick 3ft high hue Blue II fully 10th - Contract (or sink a" shaft samples I t it is depth (30ft just- on 200ft xcut up OH for under sandstone full of quartz spurs cut I at Klfl i extd 6ft , total 0.1 round s Hillstone mixed with spurs remain to be thick Luck Tem Omit 19th Good mining Mono being built in tunnel still is cut down 14ft I of No 1 use Host stone ever been in claim is ill end of stop cs 1 of hills rise Labour resulted lilliPut In opening set and skirts 1 to nil play it 1 JlOfI Mai til entire (rum 1 soft and I inn ended 20th -fire taking stone- from F and W Lees alSo 4 Intermediate level stone 3ft thick crushed 116 tons for 14oz 13dwt Vernon linton outlining extd 15ft, total 170 in, chance Altona Mine, Pitfield, 20th -Bore down 440ft , hard rock Victoria, Spiincdik Util -N drive, No I shall turn kid 110ft Sein small in face Hack stud fee N an lb No 3 shift at 400ft level and N No 3 shaft, Hills kiel Good payable slum ill stents i i i s 70 tons Started cm his. Mouth but iii I ned by nuns Mc Mt More in Reefton Track Hill Shaft down 78ft 1 uri thing in good working order A kind i kid , Millar it, 10th -W Nott at 500ft In shaft fifth year in (the morning cold Drive. N ands looking all over -1 drive off Indicator N. end in lad with favourable indications Stopes on I sizes to sing a little better level, fort night oSir Icklut Mlcinlii Tell legislate 10th -Crushed 147 loads 70 1 May t stone looking about same as last reported Still driving on E side, and break the stone which slums pit able gold Dean short of it into his error I tenon mine and promised to supply us with water in future Sub tributers crushed 1 to his (or 5oz 5dwt , total cold (or nield -MIZ law t V R M Hill . Hillsborough 26th Cut lode in stone and driven a! neat 40ft stone still in face, carrying good cold whole distance Prospects con times improve Muhkuinuli oth-No ii Rise- sent up into gold to kill me b but little troublesome at present. No 5 Resident, up and down gutter in fine looking wash No 4 like- INTo parties punt line No I am there picture painting in round of rather poor for all) Heen little time 1 through foul an iii-JL.J1II good Held, week E W Mason's Heraud Donnelly s Ck 12th -No 2 timid driven ft total -71, ground In free from at The industry with an iron ellis Much i aiming In in in k four shifts during the Mtlcome, Redcastle, 19th -Shaft down 20ft W stein while filling b I did- Main Xcut extd lift blues last report No 7 level extd 4ft ground continues flirt, easy, but no mineral of l due No 5 kclcl-Urilc N on No 2 lode 40ft lode 3ft wide mostly) carbonate of iron No 4 Leiel-Drlic N on No 2 lode 14ft lode poor No I I el channels towards Mannum i boundary List No 2 I cid-Drlic on No 2 I di N in Ileailtl bec lion -7ft lode lit 6in wide firsts averaged 6in to our wish for length drill n Drive S -sft , lode 18in wide, nails the first remainder good seconds No opened up tills bunch of ore for 320ft in length and are still standing in both facts She sends Shaft No ¿drlicextd left , IHIOI Output, firsts 20 tons steel rails laid tons Mill worked 120 hours, treating 4111 to us set < rails for 14 tons csm centrales Gross output for neck, 515 tons, mar Ettrick ore returned 7, tons Western Ixld dun lode - Holler, engines, and fittings delivered on mine to deal contract tors lax directing him piled on all wine express himself as possible Western Star, C limit mi, lOtli -SOOft Iivil Mills drive advanced -'Ml in think of life! runs the, full length sOn , find rules stone making 700ft level want and fill full length 4-17 estimated dist me for ultimo, results luck now I tin niche el, mr appearances on turning for its first winter use in rise from intermediate (70ft Ititi) advanced lift full built U storm full wealth of rise in! shipping occasionally Water about same IN last re ported West (Comet Dundas 14th -She is sunk 6ft , which h eyes lifted sink I i ruell low, i turmoil She in which working-class in South West ( uri in not Davis has, 11th No 2 Adit vessel 5ft total 101 colliery same us last ii I on f nr iMrimili him sir He dipping west, full of small sums of spur me, an I hope i pi life and another with water from one of pyrites I larger than usual but in fair list liking I expect to get on main on bolt at any time, VV Sunlight Hillgrove 17th -Ah, Sa drive, on lode extd 1 10ft , lode widened to -ft , quartz on both vi ills poor quality (suit It dr part in solid stone above Ititi third stop 2ft quite, all average quality In VV stoptsiid, continued wide, with about 4ft MERLE on footwall, quality above iinriLt Sloping I i ml W iii No 6, and ! at No I Lode hard and narrow, showing will for gold timbering No 5 AV to resume driving to intersect multi of quartz going down in bottom of No I Crushing e, King on treacherously hour I month.' supply water In dams 21st-Weeks amalgam, plates and blankets-, 26oz W Volunteer Press , Ufrov, Kill, Driven AV em Cadd lode 12ft , Issue Bill in with lode, slate, and burn his of stone No 4 hold "It , with out change Who Lui hill Eaglehawk 20th- Driven a nt at 24ft had I 22ft total .'."., ground passed the black slate and sandstone with quartz spurs, showing colour gold Ollarlr in fuel at present, with heavy flow water His viz. It is an entire 21st , (sail As per "and slate, with small spurs in the, li 11 Ing favourably in quality SInce gold tin and 50 of str m VWlliiiLs least -nth-I'oppit ltgt erected Will finish bran by the mine, will start preparing shaft i a pure- Shall timber dclivi ltd, bed logs for plain uri in el 1 split stuff tuition of a child in liming week W) mine 1 mind His end Ck, 20th -Drive S from 11 -i lift reef 4ft showing pay able gold in bran Heil hour Inf Shaft sunk Off total 62, reef small Yorkshire, I still' 201 li -S main drive i aid 10ft at till If. full I Inside s tin, rill. Hale drive advanced Tit 1, t ii 40 high 4ft wide Stout in slopes i having (sold N ieitirmisliuie drive advancing at it IA an in him st,,,,, in Stopes over N Rain still showing gold (Clean up butts n in at Saturday on the Hill has nth- lb lift suit extd 7ft, total IS ground little ship with small vi has but bonuses if Iron um! Hub taken (round to end of meat at present It is a] i turn, for lode form a train being i uni tail of airliners of iron galena and rim I killie Hills violin making In aid of nut is 1,1. li Itidit man if lode I slim mar I expect mill mill for. mining week S level extd 5ft ; total 10 e all unite s thinking big, i em hanging wall side of 1 nil, nil showing little more metal _______________________ 