f i e l d s o f F A I R r e n o w n . Pjblishti ly special arrangement w Messrs Ward, Lock $ Boieden, Ltd [au. eights reserved] CHAPTER L THE VILIiAUE GENIUS. BY JOSEPH HOCKING, Inthorof "All Men are Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; Merlin Eosevear was walking along a Cornish ^ae on a June evening. As usual ie vas dreaming, for Merlin was & great dreamer. Nearly all the other young men Xuved in the village near, or were con- Lied with the Besowaa mine, had either rmeto see their sweethearts or were Lhered together in groups in order to Kt 6f matters in which they wera interested But Merlin had been known all ysUfe as a "loanly booy." He preferred Z companionships of the people .of his imagination to those of the village; he rather dream of the future he hoped for than listen to the talk of the lads with Thorn he had gone to school- The <*eneral opinion m BesowBa mine -ag that Merlin would never make out much in life. People admitted him to be clever, and that he had " nearly as much Jjrnin'' as the passon hisself," bat then he TOsn't practical. When he had left school he went to work rith his father underground, and while he mined a thorough knowledge of mining, he was never contented as a miner. He generally carried a book in his pocket, and ns far more interested in the history of the strange people who ages before came to Cornwall to dig for tin, than in the welfare of Besowaa. Tin Mining Company, A year before my story opens he had heen appointed mine clerk, and, while his work was more congenial than that of the men who worked underground, he was for from happy. The truth was Merlin wanted to be a nan of letters. From the days of his childhood he had revelled in the stories for vhich Cornwall is so famous. He had delighted himself in listening to old cronies* dories of wizards, fairies and witchcraft, and in after years he longed to give the irorld books which should tell out his s dreams of life. He would rather have seen his name on the title-page of a successful book than to be a peer of the realm or the Prime Mimctor of the country. Some of the dreams of his life, too, were Teij beautiful. He lived in the world of. romance; and true, pure romance is ever beautiful. He had visions far removed from the sordid materialism which he saw around him. He saw Utopian heights vhich to him were possible, and these he nnted to write about. He was a great reader, as the reading of " country youths go. He revelled in the foe writing of and that in the Book of Job.and could repeat from memory many a passage from Milton and Shakespeare. Neither was he altogether ignorant of later literature. He knew Walter Scott and Charles Dickens. He knew a little of Browning, and more of Tennyson. As I said, Merlin Eosevear was walking (long a Cornish lane on a summer evening, and as he walked he saw visions of what he wasted to do and be. "yes," he mused, "CT1 doit. TVe stories u h t t w to tell as well as the best of "them. I'm foil of fancies, full of Hopes. Fm sure my T work is far better than half of that which is accepted. Oh, if those editors , would only give me a chance!" He strode on, his lips moving nervously. * I've no one to encourage .mej no one understands me," he continued, bitterly. " People laugh at my ideas. Even the new travelling preacher tells me that my thoughts are too nnpraeticsl to be worth anything, while father is always laughing st ma. Bat 111 do it; Til do it," and his ejes sparkled ait thethought of victory. " No tt" 1 " can be happy unless his surroundings are agreeable," he went on. "Everything frets and irritates him othervise. Besides, why should I do work that I hate when there is a posBibilityof spending my whole time in doing what I love ? Some people call me lazy now because I rrfll not do as they do, but they shall know Borne day! Why do I have these dreams unless it is to tell them ? Why should these longings come to me, if they are not intended to be satisfied ? Why cannot I be a Walter Scott.or a Victor Hugo ? Why cannot my thoughts be welcomed in the homes of England? Ay, and they ehall, too—they shall!" and the young man clenched his list as he strode onward. By this time the aspect of the road had changed. Instead of high hedges covered by hazel bushes, tall elm trees grew by the roadside, while a little farther on was a gatetray, which stood at the end of a road leading up to an old-fashioned house. " Good evenin', Merlin." " Good evening, Jack." "Yon ba'ant 'fraid ot the ghost comin' np out of the addit, then ? " "No; I don't think ifs been seen lately." "Oa, the sarvent chap over to Down* deny do zay that 'ee 'eard purty grooans there wavrn night." Merlin laughed. Kear where he stood, and at the end of the row of elms, was a disused mine pit, vhich was supposed to be haunted, and the man looked timidly towards it. "Well, I shouldn't like to be here arter dark for oal that; but some people (loan't teem to care. I do hear that Creekavose is tooted at last, after nobody livin' there oal thaise years." " Indeed! Who has taken it?" "Oa, a gent by the name of Granville." "Granville! That is an old Cornish time." " Yes; I do hear that the family was *wnce very rich, but that they've lost Borne of their money. Still, itH take a few pound a year to kip up Crikavose." "Yes, ifs a fine Gld place, but rather lonely. Good night, Jack." " Good night, Merlin." Merlin walked along under the elms w. •—• t»g^nnqrwmcliformed the entrance to Creekavose, an old commodious house, which had been built long fears before by a well-to-do yeoman, who tad an ambition to be reckoned among the landed gentry of the country. Most of the land around had been cultivated by neighboring farmers, but the house itself had wen uninhabited for many years. For J® e thing, it was said, and religiously sieved among a section of the villagers, the spirit of the old yeoman who had built it came back to earth and haunted J'; moraover, it was too large for the "sere of the neighbourhood, while Ives in a place so remote from the busy *orld. Not that the place was destitute ® f beauty. Bather, it was much to be —anse of its surroundings. Hill and dale, rich loamy meadows and wooded Elens, appeared on «vsiy hand, while ouch of the land which had originally begged to the house stretched down to the As yet this part of the Cornish ooast J?wiknown to tie ordinary tourist, but •""a are few spots on oar sea-girt island f° ^>e. Here ragged cliffs rise many ™iareds of feet above the sea, and in epite ® exposure to wind and weather many a fwiteous nook is to be found where luxuri- ^ foliage grows close to the water's /"Granville," mused as he "stood r tie gateway andlooked at the old ™oae, Which he could dimlyvee through trees; "whoever he is I envy'Mm. I shall never know him, I suppose. VA. bearing an old name, and. living in J®* a house, must always be nnknownfco clerk of BeBowsa-mine. It, now— . i -.•?. Merlin ached-as-^he -wandered and hef6rgot to nojj&jtbe; primroses which oovered the hedges, and failed to catchthe scent of the honeysuckles, because of his dreams of the life which he hoped and determined to Uve. _ He had not gone far before a new sensation awaited him. Coming along the road he saw a young girl, a stranger to him, accompanied by a huge St. Bernard dog. Strangers were by no means common in St. Endorparish. It is true that members of the Besowsa Tin Mining Company, limited, sometimes appeared in the neighbourhood, bat - they were never accompanied by ladies, hence the young lady ith . coming along the road became an object of peculiar interest to Merlin. As she came nearer the interest increased. He saw at a glance that she was far'removed from the young women of the parish. Hecould : scarcely tell why. but her dress, hfer«walt, the expression of her face, told him that she lived in a world different from that in which the mine girls of Besowsa L or the farmers' daughters of the neighbourhood lived. Not that she was what might be called handsome; her features were by no means perfect; but there was an expression of nobility on her face and a light shining from her eyes which revealed-to the young man something of the life she lived. The face told him of many things which he could not put into words, the eyes, large and dark, spoke in a language which strangely appealed to him. Merlin felt all this rather than saw it—it came to him as an impression; and yet, had he been asked to give reasons for having these feelings concerning her, he. could not have given sitisfactoiy answers. They passed eachother without a word, but she lifted her eyes to his for a moment, and then dropped them. That one look, however, set Merlin's heart beating wildly. Like other lads, he had his draamq and fancies concerning women, but hie had never followed in the wake of the village youths,. whose one great object in life seemfed to be to "git a maid." The women he had loved had been those he had read about in romances, or those whom he had conjured up by his own imagination. This graceful girl, however, purging by hitn in the country lane, her face aglow with the health of youth, her eyes reflecting the brightness of the westering sun, seemed to be the fulfilment of his dreams; she appealed to all the poetry of his nature, and set his heart throbbing with a joy that was half pain.' He did not know who she was; for a moment he did not care; he only knew that from the moment their eyes met his life became new. He did not turn and look after her; he wandered on like one in a dream, and then uddenly stopped. For a few moments he stood thinking, and then he turned and silently followed her. By this time she was out of sight—a turn in the lane had hidden her from his view; but he hurried" along close to the hedge side, as if anxious to escape observation; then, coming up to the bend in the lane, he stopped, for she had agaattbecome visible. With a strai yearning look in his eyes, he vatchi until she came to Creekavose Gate. Nero, Kero!" she called, and "instantly the great dog came bounding back to her. Don't you know the way to your new home, Nero ?" she eaid, with a laugh, as she patted the dog's huge head; then she opened the gate, and disappeared beneath the shadow of elm trees which formed an avenue leading up to the house. Again Merlin ran along on the grass which divided the road from the hedge, ntil he came to the gate; then he watched er until she was out of sight. For along ime he stood thinking; then, suddenly realising his position, he hurried away as: hough he had been doing something of hich he was ashamed. ; He. had nearly - reached Besowsa mine V-hen, Beeing a footpaW through some fields which led to a wooded valley, he jumped over the stile and made his way thitherward. Presently he slackened his pace, and soon after stopped. " She has come to live at Creekavose, 1 he mused; " I expect she is the daughter of the new owner. r Her name will be Granville." He paused for a few seconds, and again went on musing. " Anyhow, she is far removed from me. Merlin Eosevear, the clerk of Besowsa mine, has no right to speak to snch as she. I wonder now, I wonder " He walked on again until he came to the mouth of the valley. " Good evenin*, Merlin." " Good evening, Abraham. Prospecting, as usual ?" " Iss, Fm lookin' round a bit. Tell 'ee what, sonny, you doan't knaw haalf the lodes in Besowsa. You do just kip on workin' 'pon the new part of the mine, and do never tich the ould men's workin's. I've heerd my faather tell of a grand lode that th' ould .men worked. They knaw'd tin, they did; as fur yer new up-the- conntry cap'n, he doan knaw nothin' 'bout Cornish mines." " Well, he thinks he knows more'about itthan you older men. Abraham; besides, the company didn't think you knew much about the new ideas concerning mining. That was why you were asked to resign, and why Cap'n Kent was appointed in your plaice." " Iss, iss, I dersay," replied the old man, sadly. '"Tis jist like the new-fangled notions to put a man like Cap'n Kent to work a mine, when he doan* knaw nothin' 'bout it. But I tell *ee, cbeeld, there's a grand lode not a hundred fathoms from the injin shaft which could be worked from the thirty-fathom sailor." " But why didn't the old men work it, Abraham ?" " Why ? 'CauBe they had no machinery to kip the water out, thaf s why." " Well, we are working from the twenty fathom sollar towards the old mine, Abraham." * ISB, I do knaw. Now look, Merlin, you be the clerk of Besowsa, and you've got a map of the underground workin's. Do 'ee knaw about the addit level that do run from jist here up close to the backs, not far from your twenty-fathom sollar ?" " No, I never heard of it." " I knaw'd you didn'. But there es, my dear, there es. Look, 'ere's the mouth of the level." . , .„ Merlin looked, and saw a hole in the hillside which seemed to Tun in the direction of the Besowsa mine. MI ^ell, now/'contin"™ 1 Abraham, " that leyel-^io to the backs where the men be fltopin'. I spoase, now, that your cap'n do think that the ground es eaaie jist there?" " Ifs well timbered, Abraham." "Well tembered!" responded the old man; "tell'ee what, Merlin,there's hundreds of tons of stuff jist ready to fall, and it'll smash all yer temberin' like matches." ' ««You should tell Cap'n. Sent." ««j have tould 'un, my dear. But lie do knaw too much to be tould. He jist laughed. But mind, Meriin, I went underground yesterday, jist to see, and any time the ground may fall, and the men*ll either be bnried or list bored in 60 that they caau't git to the engine shaft* ^ "Poor oldiman!" thought Merlin, asie£walked back .to his homeii "ie'a awfully, cut up at not being captain, but fotaltthfttS there's no inan-in the coniity tliat'knowB; as much about mining as he." - - .Then he ceased to think any more about Abraham or the mine, for' lie remembered; the young girl he had seen-that evening? and then all through the -long night -her face seemed to hannt him, while his heart went out to her in a way that he could not understand. • * " - - Five days passed away, and although Merlin Eosevear. went often near Greekavose Gate, he did not see the young giri who had passed him on the Saturday^even-? iag. On the Friday following. howevjfer,' iwben he again sat in the " 'count-' louBe. ^rendering bow and when te should be able to: meet her again. Cap'n Kent rushed jnto. ithe room in breathless haste. \ - TrngOin'mndergrouiid, iWnrlin.^heaaifl. "Anything .. Jfo;, nothings u.;.. the 1 . Hio the matter?' -mans matter ; bufSgmre " Granville, '.the genUemiui who's «otne4o Creekavose to ii^aad Jub dagg&fer;, W towetoeWe.- ^ ^ ^ ^ * gmaswi Merlin's heart gave a great bound. " Do yon want me to go with you, cap'n ?" . "No; what good would you be? I'mgoin' to show *em round myself, and after we've bin down Fm goin' ba6k to Creekavose with the squire. You must go round to the floors at five o'clock and see that the rickB and buddies be all right, and taake notice that nobody do laive before the whistle do blaw." "Allright,cap'n!" said Merlin, with a sad heart. " What time es et now ?" "Half-past two." " Then I must be off," said the cap'n, who had by this time arrayed himself in underground attire, which consisted of a pair of duck trousers, a flannel shirt, and a hard hat, on the top of which a candle was stuck. " I promised to be at the engine shaft by twenty minutes to three. We shall go down in the big kibble. The whim will let us down." " Yes," said Merlin; " what part of the mine are you going to i" " Oh, nearly oal over it. . But I want to shaw Squire Granville that rich piece of lode which we shall git to from the twenty fathom sollar." " Is it safe, do you think, cap'n ?" asked Meriin, remembering Abraham Bichard's words.. "Saafe? Iss, to be sure tes safe. There, I must be off; and mindjfou mustn't leave the count house till nearly five o'clock, cause I expect the f oundryman will be here 'bout the new castings." " Very well," said Merlin, turning wearily to his books. He worked for a few minutes, and then crept outside the account house and looked towards the engine-shaft. Yes, there she was preparing to go underground. He' saw the cap'n strutting around officiously,while an elderly gentleman stood talking with one of the men. Presentlythey got into the " big kibble,'? which was a large deep -wooden box; the boy who' drove the " whim horse " cracked his whip, the great wooden cylinder began' to revolve, the rope which was around it began to nnwind, which rope, being fastened to the " big kibble," allowed the passengers to descend slowly in the darkness underneath the soU. Merlin returned. to his books again, but he could not work. The long lines of figures were wholly incomprehensible to him, and he had no heart to understand their meaning. He seemed like one in a dream. Hours afterwards he was aroused by a sound of shouting and a rushing of feet. He went outside and saw a man running. . " What's the matter?" hi asked. " Accident underground." A great fear came into Merlin's heart. Without a second's hesitation he rushed towards the engine shaft, where a number of people had already gathered. "What is it? What is it?" he asked, excitedly. " Accident underground," was the-reply. " Where, where J" " Here's the man that can tell you," was the reply; " he was the first to come to grass." " Ah, 'Siah Truscott, where's the accident? What is it ?" " Twenty-fathom level," replied the man. " But the cap'n and the " They passed me jist as I was comin' from the cross-cut. They -went along the level towards the winze." Yes?" Well, they had'n a-bin gone more'n a minute when I heerd a sound like the thinder. I went toward the shaft as fast as my legs.wonld car* me, and then I heerd the tember snap like matches." . And the cap'n and the—the visitors ?". nm^fraM/' said' the mfliii solemnly, 1 " that they must be buried. The ground was bad oal long there, and I see nothin' for it but they must be buried." But they may have got near the . " Et they did there may be a chance, for the ground es better there; but I'm terrible 'fraid. Besides, ef they've got there I'm 'fraid there's no chance. -You see there's no air, and 'twould taks days to git to 'em. There's thotisands a tons 'ov stuff in the "way." " Well, start to work at once. Get as many men as you can to work." ' "Thafs wot I'm doin', Merlin; but I'm 'feared there's no chance—noan at oal." " There must be, there must be!" cried Merlin, frantically. " Ef we git as many men as we can to work day and night it'll take a week," replied 'Siah Truscott. "Ef they beant dead they're in their grave. Ther's .several men with families, too, poor dears. Aw, 'ere be some ov the poor wimmen comin'." Merlin had forgotten the miners, he had forgotten the captain; he was.thinking of the young girl who out of curiosity had ;one to danger and perhaps to death. The bought maddened Mm For-a time he seemed wholly demented; then, with a strange light in his eyes.he started running towards a valley in the near distance. "-God grant—oh, Sod grant it may be true!" he gasped, as he ran on. CHAPTER IL IK THE "OLD MINE " HerliU had goae but a few hundred yards when he stopped suddenly. \- •• It is no . use . my trying without light and without- a "pick," he ,'said. to himself, whereupon he turned and ran towards the 'count liouse, casting as he did so hurried glances towards, the engine shaft, where people congregated rapidly. No one seemed to notice him ;-all attention was given to the men who had been underground, and were ablfc to tell something about the falling of the stuff, and the possible condition of those working in that part of the mine. He rushed into the office, lustily put on •a miner's hat, on which was stuck a piece of ^candle ready-for use,- seized" a box of matches, some candles, a pick, and then without wailing ran a second lime towards ithe valley where, he bad met -Abraham Richards the Saturday night previous. Arrived there, he looked eagariy around among the bushes to find the mouth of the aeivel; which the old man had pointed out on that oocasion, but in his excitement 'tailed to see it. ' • "What a fool I was not to take more notice of Hie old man's words/' he cried. " Of course it may mean nothing, bnt it seemi the only chanoe," and again he hurried to and. fro in'the hope of finding the level. I must keep cool," he thought at length," else I shall be useless. I should have' found it before now if J were not so excited. Let me see, now.. I came down •by yonder pa.th.old Ahrnhmn was standing -just here, add he went- along by. these Pushes, close to the little stream. Ah ! There it is!" Yes/there was the level, nearly hidden by bushes, and its mouth half filled up by ia heap if rocks which had fallen.. \- lakei pi*"*"'"'" he leaped on the rocks, ^pulled away : some -of - the larger ones, and —jusway^nto the.darkoaBs." He^oon knBe^deep in water, ancl the air 3yas cold and vault- like. "Thatfituff hasdainmed back the water," , .thought ; and "then with .trembling' rndsife lit - a match, aad soon the candle *>n the top ofWhat gave forth a flickering ^•Iwonderif thelevelis bmberedfurHier ^ri ? " 3ie thought, -"not that 4tll T>e much cood if it is. The wood wUl bejotten long jUforenow,andif the ground "fallen it irill > be Impossible for me to getto them." . Hhjfcearttoecsnie heavy as lead at.the bought, and he imagine* tte lfiurgirl G^hTra^ve w , f c e r '^gjWroped water Steaming tis Shallower at T-each ttel^fl^ie etep, yjsaf&^ife had s'».i.i<iiip»>'j»i iiiiiji* underground life enabled him to judge of the direction he was going even although he had nothing to guide him. He was also able to tell pretty nearly the distance he had gone at any given period, for this also is a knowledge which a miner gains through working underneath the soil, where landmarks axe few: \- Presently his heart seemed to stand still, for when he had gone what he thotight must be about half the distance between the mouth of the level and the backs to which he fearfully hoped thiB level might lead, and where he still more fearfully hoped Miss Granville and .her father were, the level seemed to stop. For a moment he sat down in utter despair. He must be at least a hundred fathoms from the entombed miners, ~ and there appeared no possibility of his getting any further. Old Abraham Bi:hards was wrong. Evidently the old miners had abandoned the level. And yet why should Abraham say it reached the new workings, or, at any rate, came close to it? Then another thought struck him. If the level reached the new workings, why had the present miners not discovered it ? As far as he could see, he might as well get back while he was able, and yet how could he go and leave He started up again, determined to leave nothing undone that lay in his power to do. A .great heap of rubbish lay at his feet; he looked above him, and found that the "old men " had been stoping—i.e., working upwards. Why had they done this ? Probably the level was driven to work a lode. If that were so, they must have had some reason for stoping. He looked carefully around, and discovered that there was .a croBS-cut—that is, another level branched from it. With fast-beating heart he entered the cross-cut, but did not go fax. It was leading him right away from the direction where the accident had taken place. Wearily he came back again. By this time the candle on the top of his hat had burned out, but he lit another, carefully pressed some clay at its end,, and then stuck it to the hard miner's hat. He examined what seemed the end of the level, and then gave a cry of joy. It was only a pile of rock which had fallen. He slowly creptnp the rough heap, carrying his pick in his hand. When he had got some distance he stopped for breath. " 1 think it continues," he mused; "but it seems as though the old men altered their course a bit." He spoke aloud, and he was almost frightened at the sound of his own voice, but a moment later it struck him that voice echoed not only along the road by which he had come, but also before him. If that were so there must be an open space in that direction. " Holloa!" he said, louder.' Yes; his voice echoed not only behind him and along the crosscut, but-before him. Old Abraham Bichards was right. He peered carefully around him. Yes, there was a hole before him. -The ground which had fallen had only partly filled np the space. He crawled along the holo; at first there was barely room for his body, but presently it grew larger, and by-and-by he found himself in a level that was fairly intact. The course was altered—of that he was sure; but that might mean nothing wrong. Possibly the direction of the lode had been altered byanother, for which the crosscut had been driven. Then he remembered that he would have to return the same way, and if he found Miss Granville, she, too, must pass through that dairk hole! It was lucky he had brought his pick; it might/be of service to him. He had plenty of candles, and he lit one and stuck it close to the hole. - It would burn foran hour or twoi . . Again he plodded on,'and again • he"- noticed that the level was driven through good ground; only here and there had a rock fallen from the top, as if to remind him of the accident which had happened in the new parfc of the mine. Presently he felt very faint, and putting his hand to his forehead he found that it was bleeding. His head must have struck against some jagged corner, .cither as he walked, along or as he crawled through the hole, bnt which in his excitement he had not noticed. Still, tho cut was not deep,- and after having bound his handkerchief around it, he prepared to go on again. It was terribly lonely, and for a moment he felt afraid. All the old stories of his childhood came back to him, and it teemed as though those old" men who drove this level, and who had been dead for many a long year, were all around him. He wondered what battles they had to £ght, and what passions had surged within them. Possibly no foot but his own had been there for forty or fifty long years, while they who last stood there were dead and forgotten. For a moment he forgot his errand —forgot the mission of love upon which he had come; but when it came back to him again, he upbraided himself for wasting precious time. Merlin toiled on again along the dreary opening, which had been dug by the hands of men, until he felt as though he must be nan-ring the spot where the accident had taken place. This thought had scarcely come into his mind before he realised that the level was widening into an open place. A few yards further and he saw what seemed like a large cavern. He looked carefully around. This was evidently the end of the level. Around were great heaps of rocks which had evidently fallen from the roof of the cavern; but there were no evidences of the level continuing farther. At one end of the open space was a heap of stuff,'which lay loose, but there was no opening anywhere. Most likely there had been what in miners' parlance was called a " bunch of tin "—that is, a deposit of rock containing tin had by some freak of nature been found there, instead of running in lodes or veins, as is usually the case. This the "old men" had worked, and, when exhausted, they had left it, as they had left that part of the mine altogether. What was he to do ? He could not get any farther, and he might be ten, fifteen, or twenty fathoms from the new mine. He did not think he could be much further than that. He had a pretty correct idea of the distance he had come, also of the direction, and a man who has been reared among the mines is not often mistaken. But to cut a passage through fifteen fathoms of rock, even if he knew the exact direction, would mean many weeks'work. On every side of the cavern was a solid wall, save one, and that was where a huge heap of rubbish had fallen; bnt there was no outlet anywhere, save by the way he had come! Again despair got hold of him. He had now done his all, and he seemed as far away from rescuing them as ever. And he felt that he loved tibis girl to whom he had never epoken, and who was possibly entombed—loved her so mush that he would be vrilling to give a hundred lives to save' her if he had them. He" sat down.on a heap of stones and tried to think, while the silence, of the place became more and more terrible. For a time it rendered him iacapableof,coherent thought; besides, his head throbbed painfully. Presently, however, it seemed less ominous, less hard to bear. He got up, and began to explore the cabin. Ashe gropedaround his Bhoe struck a piece of iron,"and the clank caused by the blow faintly echoed along the daxk tunnel through which he had come. Stooping down to examine what he " had -locked, he discovered a rasty miner's pick, winch in all possibility had been lying there for half a century. He picked it up in order to inspect it more closely, but hastily -threw it down again. -There - was something repdlant - in .the: -thought of handling a tool which men now - "dead had used long years before. .Under ,other circumstances he would have thought - ®othing .of but here in the silence it •anade him shudder. ^Againand again he walked around the- Jcavetn; and -on every hand he saw A solid: wnll ea-ve one.' •• Here there was loose stuff, yfcicMooked as though it had been -pled against the roof pf the cavern, or,- as file aniners 'called at, "fiie backs." What the' loose'cBe me&nt; he could not divine ; 4ione it appearedasfprmidalile 1 ^ Svt^f 1 -^ an obstacle as the:Bmo 3i sides of the cave which the old miners h 1 cut with so much patience. Merlin's effort was v in. then. He must go back without doing r hat he had hoped, and yet the thought of i lding his way back through the darkness a >ne was terrible to contemplate. As a drowning man seeks to grasp at every straw, sqdid Merlin's mind fasten upon every foolsh scheme which seemed to give the shaiow. of hope.. But nothing seemed to comeof them alL The second candle waJ burning low; how long he had beemtmdermound he did not know, and his reason seined to be leaving him. I>ike one dementu he gave a shout "Holloa!" ,'.. . j Thehoaise cryinade arrange noise afe it. foundlts way alonglieiilent tunntels, but it died" away at ieBgth\ and the silence seemed greater than before. His heart seemed to stand still, for he thought he heard a Boum which appeared to come from many miles away, and yet which might be an ansireling cry. Possibly his imagination bad conjmed up the sound, or it might be real. 1 He filled his lungs vxh air, and then, gathering all his strength, he gave another and louder shout. Agaii the sound reverberated through the gloomy silence and died away, and then, after some seconds, he heard a faint, feelie response. He feared lest it should be tie distint echo of his.own cry, but he did ^iot think it was. Moreover, the sound seemed to come from that part of the caver k where the loose debris lay. \ He seized his pick, and climbed up the jagged stones as far as he was able. Then he struck a rock several times with the headofthetooL . ... : - " Bap, rap, rap, rap! "J The noise echoed and ^-echoed, then all was silent. Merlin .mated for some minutes breathlessly, bat he heard no answering sound. With heavy Tieart he'crept along the stones, and knocked again. " Bap, rap, rap, rap! "I He waited until the echles had died away, and again listened. Helhought he heard a sound as if of scraping, and then hiB heart gave a great leap. . "Bap, rap,rap, rap!" cune the response. He struck the rock agiin, six times on this occasion, instead of Ifour. If the response was simply the echo of his own pick there would be six blows in return. For a time his heart beat so loud that he thought he should never be able to hear any answer, but he was mistaken. He heard the knocks plainly. One, two, three, four, five. Then there was silence. - . Yes, he had surely discovered them; they were probably only a "very few feeit from him, for sound travels slowly through such channels. ... -He lit a new candle^ and' started to work. Tfi« experience of mining stood him in good stead now, for because of it he was able to do more than two or three unskilled men'could have done in the same time. Feverishly he dug away at the loose stones, and when he had penetrated some two or three feet he paused, and gave the sasno signals he had given before. This time the answering sound was evidently nearer; he was working in the right direction. With renewed energy he continued digging tintil he had penetrated some distance further, then he stopped for breath. " Halloa!" This time the - response was given quicker, but it seemed very weak, very far Wondering what. it .-could mean he still worked on, but.the - further-he' dug the -more difficult be "found it;-'the -looseetuff was constantly falling down, tilling up the passage'he" was trying to make-"-_Still, he lniew this must be, and toiled on. His hands became "very sore, but he did not heed; his head ached terribly, but he dared not cease his efforts. Itwasamatterofjjfaand death. After some minutes he decided to try and signal again. He scraped awaj the rubhisb he had been digging, and uhen with the head of his pick struck hejmly against a large stone. :.. '/..t - Before there was time foiian answer to be given, he saw, to his gret^joy, that the rock fell away from him,-iind heard a rattling noise on the otheft side of the passage he was trying to mats. "Halloa!" There was a feeble response given, but Merlin, in his haste to push his way towards the spot from whence the sound came, struck his candle against the roof of the cave, and he was in utter darkness. Evidently the people whomjhe came to save had been lying in darkness. Still, he hod matches and other candles, and prepared to light them. Then hetremembered he had left them beside the rpsty tool of the old miners. *'Hold up," he cried; " I'll be "with you in a minute;" then he waited for a reply. No answer came, however. He scrambled down the p^s of rocks, and began to grope around for^he candles and matches, but in hig excitement failed to find them. " What an idiot I am!" he cried. "They may' be dying, and 1 am fooling away the time like this!": Presently his hand touched something, and he picked it up. Feeling it, he discovered it to be an old shoe. This also the " old men" had left, and in his .excitement it seemed as though their spirits had come back to mock him. Hs threw the thing from him, and then after some weary seconds found what he desired. Lighting another caudle lie dim bed to wards the hole again, and with fast-beating heart crept into the place from whence the re* spouse to his signals had come. At first he could see nothing, for his candle went nearly out, and it .was with great difficulty that he breathed. After a little time the flame became larger, and the air became better; then he iBaw lying oh the floor of the cave severaiLprostrate forms. Like a madman he wenfc=from one to the other in search of her for", whom he had been so anxious, but he did not see her; his heart became like leai3,-for he felt sure that lie was too late. Death had been before him, and was the victor. (To be Gontnut«£). ~ < 