WHEN" THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BE ADD ON, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom [Fortune," "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. J Chapter III.—(Continued.) It was a pleasure to Lady Fareham in some rare interval of solitude, when the weather was too severe for her to venture outside the hall door even in her comfortable coach, and when by some curious concatenation she happened to be without visitors, to open her portfolio and prattle with her pen to her sister as she would nave prattled with her tongue to the visitors whom snow or tempest kept away. Her let ters written from London were apt to be rare and brief, Angela noted; but from his lord ship's mansion near Oxford, or at the Grange between Fareham and Win chester—once the property of the brothers of St. Gross—she always sent a budget. Few of these lengthy epistles contained any thing bearing upon Angela's own existence— except the oft-repeated entreaty that she would make haste and join them, or even the flippant suggestion that Mother Anastasia should make haste and die. They were of the nature of news-letters; but the news was tinc tured by the very feminine medium through which it came, and there was a flavor of egotism in almost every page. Lady Fare ham wrote as only a very pretty woman, courted, flattered, and indulged by everybody about her ever since she could remember, could be forgiven for writing. People had petted her and worshipped her with such uniform subservience that she had grown' to thirty years of age without knowing that she was selflsh, accepting homage and submission as a law of the universe as Icings and princes do. Only in one of those letters was there that which might be called a" momentous fact, but which Angela took a3 easily as if it had been a mere detail, to be dismissed from_ her thoughts when the letter had been laid aside. It was a letter with a black seal announcing the death of the Marquise de Montrond, who had expired of an apoplexy at her house in the Marais after a supper party at which made moiselle, Madame de Longueville, Madame _de Montausier, the Duchess de Bouillon, Lauzrin, St. Evremond, cheery little Godeau, Bishop of Vence, and half a dozen other famous wits had been present, a supper bristling with royal personages. Death had come with appalling suddenness while the lamps of the festival were burning and the cards were still upon the tables and the la3t carriage had but just rolled under the porte cochere. " It is the manner of death she would have chosen," wrote Hyacinth. '' She never missed confession on the first Sunday of the month, and she was so generous to the church and to the poor that her director declared she would have been too saintly for _ earth but for the human weakness of liking find com pany. And now, dearest, I have to tell you how she has disposed of _ her fortune; ar.d I hope if you should think she has not used you generously you will do me the justice to belive that I have neither courted her for her wealth nor influenced her to my dear sister's disadvantage. _ You will consider, tres chcrc, that I was with her from my eighth year until the other day when Fareham brought mo to England. She loved me pas sionately in my childhood and has often told me since that she never felt towards me as a grandmother, _but_ as if she had been actually my mother, being indeed still a young woman when she adopted me and by strangers always mistaken for my mother. She was handsome to the last and young in mind and in habits long after youth had left her. I was said to be the image of what* she was when she rivalled Madame de Chevreuse in the affections of the late king. You must consider, sweetheart,' that he was the most moral of men and that with him love meant a passion as free from sensual taint as the preferences of a sylph. .1 think my good grandmother loved me all the better for this fancied resemblance. She would arrange her jewels about my hair and bosom as she had wore them when Buckingham came wooing for his mastery and then she would bid her page hold a mirror before rne and tell me to look at the face' of which Queen Anne had been jealous and for which Cinq Mars had run mad. And then she would shed a tear or two over the years and the charms that were gone till I brought the_ cards and cheered her spirits with her favorite game of Primero. "She had her fits of temper and little tan trums sometimes, Angela, and it needed some atience to restrain one's tongue from inso ence; but I am happy to remember that I ever bore herein profound respect and that I never made her seriously angry but once, which was when I, being then almost a child, went out into the streets of Paris with Henri de Malfort and a wild party, masked, to hear Beaufort address the populace in the market place and when I was so unlucky as to lose the emerald cross given her by the great cardinal, for whom I believe she had a sneaking kind ness. Why else should she have so hated his eminence's very particular friend, Madame de Combalet 1 ■ " But to return to that which concerns my dear sister._ Regarding me as her own daughter the marquise has lavished her bounties upon me almost to the exclusion of my own sweet Angela. In a word, dearest, she leaves you a modest income of four hundred louis—or about three hundred pounds sterling—the rental of two farms in Normandy; and all the rest of her fortune she bequeaths to me and Papillon after me, including^ her house in the Marais— sadly out of fashion now that everybody of consequence is moving to the Place Royale— and, her chateau near Dieppe, besides all her jewels, many of which I have had in my pos session ever since my marriage. My sweet sister shall take her choice of a carcanet among those oid-fashioncd trinkets. _ And now, dearest, if you are left with a pittance that wiir but serve .to pay for your gloves and fans at the Middle Exchange, and perhaps to buy you an Indian nightgown in the course of the year—for your court petti coats and mantuas will cost three times as much—you have but to remember that my purse is to be yours and my home yours, and that Fareham and I do but wait to welcome you either to Fareham.House, in the Stand, or to Chilton Abbey, near Oxford. The Grange near Fareham I never intend to re enter if I can help it. The place is a warren of rats, which the servants take for ghosts. If you love a river you will love our houses, for the Thames runs near them both ; indeed, when in London, fve almost think ourselves in Venice, save that we have a spacious garden, which I am told few of the Venetians can command, their city being built upon an .assemblage of minisculb islets, linked together by innumerable bridges." Angela smiled as she looked down at her black gown—the week-day uniform of the convent school, exchanged for a somewhat superior grey stuff on Sundays and holidays— smiled at the notion of spending the rent of two farms upon her toilet. And how much more ridiculous seemed the assertion that to appear at King Charles's court she must spend thrice as much. Yet she could but remember that Hyacinth had described trains and petti coats so loaded with jewelled embroidery that it was a penance to wear them—laces worth hundreds of pounds—plumed hats that cost as much as a year's maintenance in the convent. Mother Anastasia expressed considerable displeasure at Madame de Montrond's disposal of her wealth. "This is what it is to live in a court and to care only for earthly things." she said. "All sense of justice is lost in that world of vanity and self-love. You are as near akin to the marquise as your_ sister; and yet, be cause she was familiar with the one and not with the other : and because her vain foolish soul took pleasure in a beauty that recalled her own perishable charms she leaves one sister a great fortune and the other a pit tance." "Dear aunt, I am more than contents—" " But I am not content for you, Angela. Had the estate been divided equally you might have taken the veil and succeeded to my place in this beloved house, which needs the accession of wealth to maintain it in use fulness and dignity." Angela would not wound her aunt s feelings b3r one word of disparagement of the house m which she had been reared ; but, looking along the dim avenue of the future, she yearned for some wider horizon'than the sky, barred with tall poplars, that rose _ high above the garden wall that formed the limit of her daily walks. Hep rambles, her recreations, had all been con fined within that space of seven or eight acres, and she thought sometimes with a sud den longing of those hills and valleys of fertile Buckinghamshire, which lay so far back in the dawn of her mind, and were yet so distinctly pictured in her memory. And London, that wonderful city of which her sister wrote in such glowing words; the long range of palaces beside the swift-flowing river, wider than the Seine where it reflects the gloomy bulk of the Louvre and the Temple ! Were it only once in her life, she would like to see London—the king, the two queens, Whitehall, and Somerset House, She would like to'see all the splendor and pomp o court and city, and then to taste the placid retirements of the house in the valley, and to be her father's housekeeper and companion. Another letter from Hyacinth announced the death of Mazarin. " The cardinal is no more. He died in the day of success, having got the better of all his enemies. A violent access of gout was fol lowed by an affection of the chest , which proved fatal. His sick-room was crowded with courtiers and sycophants, and he was selling sinecures up to the day .or his deatii. Fareham says his 'death-bed was like a money - changer's counter, . He. .was . pas sionately fond of liocca, the Italian game which he brought. into fash lop, and which : ruined half the young men about the court, j The counterpane was scattered with money and playing cards, which were, oply.brushed aside to make room for the last sacraments. My Lord Clarendon declares that his spiric? never recovered from the shock of his Majestj"*? restoration, which falsified all his calculation He might have made his favorite niece Queen of England, but his Italian caution restrained him and the beautiful Hortense has to put up with a new- made duke—a title bought with her uncle's money—to whom , the cardinal affianced her on his death-bed. : He was a remarkable man and so profound a dissembler that his pretended opposition to lling Louis marriage with his piece Qlyrape Mancini would have deceived the shrewdest observer had we riot all known that he ardently desired the union and that it was only his fear of Queen Anne's anger which prevented it. Her Spanish pride was in arms at the notion and she would not have stopped short at revolu tion to prevent or revenue such an alliance. "This was perhaps the only occasion upon which she ever seriously opposed* Mazarin. With him expires all her political power. She is now as much a cypher as in the time of the late king, when France had .only,one master, the great cardinal. He who is just dead, Farefiam says, was but a little Richelieu, and he recalls how when the great cardinal died people scarce d ared tell on e another pf his death, so profound, was the awe in which he was held. He left the king a nullity and the queen all powerful. She was young and beautiful then, you see; her husband was marked for death ; her son was an infant. - All France was hers— a kingdom of courtiers and flatterers. And ' now she is old and ailing; and Mazarin being gone, the young king will submit to no minister who claims to be anything better than a clerk or a secretary. Colbert he .must tolerate —for Colbert means prosperity—but Colbert will have to obey. My friend'the Duchesse de Longueville, who is now living in strict retirement, writes me the most exquisite letters; and from her I hear all that happens in that country, which I sometimes fancy is more my own than the duller climate where my lot is now cast.. Fifteen years at the French court have made me in heart and mind almost a Frenchwoman; nor can I fail to be influenced by my maternal ancestry. I find it difficult sometimes^ to remember my English when conversing with the clodhoppers of Oxfordshire, w.bo have no French, yet insist, for finery's sake, upon larding their rustic English with French words introduced 'a tort eta traverse.' "All that is most agreeable in our court is imitated from the Palais Royal and the Louvre. ''' Whitehall is but the shadow of a shadow,' says Fareham, in one of his philosophy fits, preaching upon the changes he has seen in Paris and London. And, indeed, it is a change to have lived through two revolutions, one so awful in its final catastrophe that it dwarf? the other, yet both terrible ; for I, who was the witness _ of the sufferings of princes andprincessesduringthetwowars oftheFronde, am not inclined to think lightly of a civil war which cost France some of the flower of her nobility and made her greatest hero a prisoner and "an exile for seven years of his life. • . : ' "But oh, my dear, it was a' romantic time and I look back and am proud to have lived in it. I was but twelve years old at the siege of Paris; but I was in Madairie dp Longueville's room, at the Hotel de Ville, while the fighting was going on and the officers, in their steel cuirasses, coming in from the thick of the strife. Such a confusion of fine ladies , and armed men —breastplates and blue scarves fiddles squeaking in the salon, trmhpets sounding in the square below." (To be continued.) 