iWSSBSi: [?] pri-T-tanr, „. - j. ..upciNcorr com—--, -Mr -PUPZisttto hr tpfciXk AmuMaiuiNr wrfil .'THf-y. . , .fltlilltl'llllf l.J, ; . .tSergoant Ellte," paid liq, vlf l hat ; |ilid yonr experience In inliiing.it scemi .//. to me I'd find -pohicthiug different from- : vstuyiug:in tlip regular nnny." ' v'; ' , if Captain porlinni,': was the nncx- peotei: yoply, ."if you hud |i'iu( niytliiug . like my cxpcrienoo yo would 'Mo .' very gliid of n borth in the' ' army or ont of it crproferably'in." ' ; ' ;; It wns-'concedeil nftor this episode that Ellis had n bjsiory'Kfi thq focnlty of \- keeping it to, litm'sclf.ii Tlio tolonol was "glad to: (i'ayb him rc-cMist. oven jrliilo wondering that, (id should' db so. ' Many ' reniemboycd how lib had coino to thcin lingRurd find travel w-orn'threO years be4 foi'q iViitl ' offered ' li|inBelf hs n reomit.' This 'wu's far' ont in tlio mbuqthlnq. ' Hiq tiinguugo and lnannelra iycro shch th'nt pvery oiie. knew tt -to bo ri ciise ofahiah tvliprn'tortuno Imil betrayed, qnd who' ".took '.tlio' Bhi!lihg,Sl ne' inany iihbthey lihs ,dpno, spiiieivllt hs n 'last resort, tint (icrpyp lib liiiil' yron 'lils first cliov-; ' rons tliu tneii kiioiv \yell that from snum to'mVo'qt; other Eliis was, begtumng to : receivp'wgooij deal of pionoy. . When tieigoaiit' . .Carrtp yvnq' hilled by that ongli In tho. nubile streets of Bheri'dmi , . j.!ity— d Vqld \\)loodcd .nti yinprovoked unrdcr— nnd (Jurrio'a wifo niid cliildren' ili'd hot whero. to." lay ilici j 'h'chds now tpit their snnpoi-t vi-us gone, ofijccrs hnd '(lion '-c-liippc' inf qnd hpught' thorn n jittle cottago on tho 'blink of' ttdpiil nui, jnst lit tlio oilgo of town. . y b Ellis haj pliiiikcit tl'own afire dollar lillliis liiqphiiro oil tlio, shbsyriptioii list; /hut did' not lli'iie jjntrie, tlie.eldest child, toll lidw.'ho liiiil 'coiuo.'nll'liy himself nf- /loriynrii 'qnil'/ giv jij her ' nil 'ciivclbph .ivlijiih lie li'iule her hand to mother from t/fi'le'nd— aii onvelyiioiivliiclj wns fbtiiul io hold ii lifiy dollar trcnsVii-y note? 8liort(ng plnii-actcra in tlio.rcgihioutv.-ho soiight :to liiirrow' from Ellis met -with c.(it(! eviiii curt, 'refusal. '"Neither would ilumyiirgamhtehrbet with them. 'Neither jliil hp paqm fo. pr.b to go to tbwh at nil ..whon first tho-regiiiioiit moved into this iiia most ilullglitrui stntion after years of service on thedistaiit frontier— not until tho'iirclcr wits .homed pcrniitting inerito- yioiia Boidiers to wear civilian dress vvheii o:i 'paBa; -Tlicn ho was almost tlio (ii5t '\o lippenr on the streets of tlio onatling comily scat ili a iicat. unohtm- t-i'v'e.'hiil ' ri'iiiitH.alily ivcll'c-.-.t niiil won .,ti-.(g sttit'. iiiiU. Tar beUer di cased than Vioat of the tovviispcopte. Sergeant Ellis heyqmu. tm occiisioiial visitor, but iibouo oyer; licit ni i/r Ids pati-oiifciiig iiny other crUihli'slunr'tils tlimi' tiie hank, the post .r.n.Vcijjirciri hilicca n:M the bookstores. t' -j" 'njitniii liiiV.lc'.t, calli'iig hf tlio post- ottire ouo day, was surprised to find lllis nl ti l(u-l Ln:x . the key uf wiiic'.i l:t j-.ii'lnily , pliiceil in ilds waistcoat |Mickct noil i hell use, iliitly. raised' his' tint lii siih .Illation : to Ids 'siiimrior ' bnicoy'. Riith iyei;o. hi oiyfiiiiti iIi-i-sb', liotli on tempor ary len ve uf'u Tew liours only, both, front the pohit of view of the corresjHm- deiit of a very ciiterprising pnpey. occq- pinl ut (lie moment the siiiiic social piano, and Ills allusions to "the slavish deference domniidyil by tiie qristocratie cqniliiissioheil force p their eiilis'tud but diir ivortlViey picp" giivo rise to sbiiiu ilis- ciission iit'tiic iiyt. " (Jheor vo 'ofiieers jicldvthat Ellin should, liavo givcii tliii military suliite mid no other, iiit' iho uuiss'of'tiiiiiitbi'i was in' favor of Ellis's itetiniii bbilig eorirely' in civilian dress . (iiiuself, tile civilian custom should pre-: .villi. ' ' ' '" B : ../XVoll,' iliiinn it.'-' said Air. Randolph, .-'llinf cbhsfsts out tioi-.o in shoving one's .ujids - dyypcr' iiito" poekbtB, 'tilting the cignv hlghdl- b', ; tl'9." inoiitli xi'iiil .' giving Jiutt- liiiif. it tioil." It -was' finally com dbjlvdi' ho,wcvcr Ihat'in com-teoiislv rais ing Ilia hat Sergeant Ellis had done'nheat (lie right tiling, ami that in ns punctill- pusly. raising liis'owii in recognition tli's ynptain lidd litl\iyIy und ' Kcfiipulimcly yktiowlcdgcd Hid com-tcsy. tlio sneers and liiHliiugti of the ttpasm City Chimes to tho contrm-y uotwith:dnndiiig. C " Still no ono supposed that Ellia was going to re-enlist when his, liiiicox|>ircd. H'lifcy lind already begun casting about for sniiinbody else to plaro in charge ' of the Ih-ctioitsu. Cut Ellis signed the papers with ready hand, nsked for mid iftot'ii month's furlough, with ;ionu;ssiou to leave tlio department, and was back ill two weeks ready to resimio duty, liis ilark faco it trillo paler, his heayy heai-d lecoiniiigly triimued, just throb dayH 'tifter Nita Gnthrie's arrival, just lliico Lilys' (leforo alia was to lmvo gono home. Itulfb. turned from tlio sentry and gniod nway eastward. How many n .long milo down tliat beautiful valley were tlio. lights of tlio rushing 'train by fhisjiiiio, nnd what niciint this light so close nt linhd, shining faintly, bnt . cloac- (y Ihfoiigh iho slowly plashing 'rain? . After ono, nnd tho sergeant still tip nnd reading?' Nb, it bnmcd too dimly' for q student lamp; neither was it in tho sere i;eant'8 room. Following liis' thoughts, noire, "wrappod in' liis mackintosh, tiioyed slowly out to, tho ciiatofn edgo of iho hold binff. pivssing tlio tirehonsoon 'liiswny. A hreast-high tvay of .rough Btoiio riin.tlingonolly ovoy tfbwrivd'wlia j\vas" left of tlio old blockhouse, onco. liorclied on tlio brow of tho plift, nnd, A(i 'tli6.cnptiiin reached the point; of tlio bluff; hb hoeaino ityi-uro of a dim figure ctatiding silent and .motionless between iilut t>iVi\ the, 'southern fuco. pf the iiti- ticjhated .work/'; Another man yvhoso, tl.oiighta Ayoro following tlio cqqtwni-d yrimilngs of that misty valley, ivns it' pot? "Anotiiorkceping sleepless vigtl? .' . "Wlib's that?" in low tone, ho sudden ly hulled. 'A start, a quick turn, then prompt advance niid answer: ' . "Sergeant Ellis, eir."' \- Tlio- dccp collar of his overcoat was turned tip nbont his' enra, "so that the fiicb. waa'well tiigh hidden, oiit tho yoico \yns calm hhd firinl -'".Yon keep Into lionra, sergeant." r' V- '"Nbt'vvithont wnrrant, cnptaiii." ' "Your warrant liiight suffer, sir, if lie cntenel.kpew yon liad lights at two O'clock'."' "It ts by his nnthority. sir, that ono. lantern burns all bight; that is the ono. 'Iio captuin'seeq." ' Rolfo pniisod,- baffled. "Then 1 bciioyo Jj ivill , tight a cigar at yonr liintern," hb finally said, and, turn ing. ho moved, nwiiy toward tho low,, qvoodcu building behind him. ; Ellis promptly followed, then sprang ahead find - opened the fag Of his superior's "tntraijco,. ' "' ' ' ' ; : v.Lc iho offer he captain mafbhi ' 'that is an oil lantern. 'I' And' striking n luci/er on thb' strlp o 'sandpapor lio. held it foHh.' " Rolfb missed the fUmci ' with the end of his Weed. ' ' Light bams fo nim; hdt 'tiot to; his blgqlf, .Mulled thongh his face remained in he depths : 61 that caValry cqllai-, Sergeant Ellis' tips and - cMn were yisihle through the. bponing in'th'e frontand in th'eglarobf - (lio tittle match."' '' v ' ' '\Vt(en did -yon shave off yonr beof<, r sergcan(? Ishonld hardly- hava-known . ;you.f ' --- ' The Hps trembled, bnt the dark oyta, tho deep, voice, wore, steady as ever: "Last evening, air." -- CHAPTER HL ".Ciiplal'n liolfe, It Is a question I refuse to nnsircr." Tho northwest winds that. had finally hanked up tho southern clouds and squeezed down a dismal drizzle the night of' Miss Gnthrie's departnro now vcoreii hud' whisked awny tho moist und plashing veil, nnd tho afternoon "suit; shino of tho day that followed etrenmed across the broad mesa In n flood of grate ful warmth and radianco'.-Tho colonel ordered ont tho cutiro command, to tho ntter consternation of Miss Winifred Berrien end tho enprctno disgust of somo half n dozen junior ofiieers, who, count ing on the weather indications at nino a. m., bad oagorly accepted Mrs. Ber rien's suggestion .that they rpond their rainy afternoon nt thq pisjof's ho3pitn- blo quarters, by way' of making it pleas ant for. two young damsels from town and tlirco or four from tho fort itself, all of whom woro supposed to bo deeply interested nnd ongaged lu theombroidery of certain altar cloths, lcctnrn and pul pit adonuuente, with which to rejoice tho eyes of their nmiablo chaplain at C'hristinaatido. Hero It was well along hi November, and beyond a vast amount of chatter and conjecture over tlio pros pective, pleasure of tho reverend dowiuia. liplhing had been dono'.' True, tho colonel hral astonished every body by ordering out the entiro regi ment, nt least the eight companies there of present at tho post, to parade for in spection and review, equipped for field service, 'qjuine-tliirty that morning, mid only reluctantly recalled the order when tho. persistent plashing' of tho rain warned him that it would tnko a day or two of smishino to dry out tho clothing and, equipments subjected to siiclf„ii downpour. And then 'anything siionid happen and they should bo suddenly called upon tp bundle everything right into tho' waiting train— But, pslmwl tlio tiling wasn't iiossiblo; tlio idea could not bo entertained. Of conrsa matters were .looking squally, very Equally, up t hero" in tlio Dnkotas, nnd everybody from Alissouri to tbo mountains nud . north of tlio Flntto was already out in the field, qml in littlo detachments from tho scattered posts oven far nway in Montana, oven far in' cpqtliorii Wyoia-" ing, the soldiery wcro converging to ward thoso swarming agencies where thousands of trucnleut warriors of the great Dakota nation were drawing ra tions for ovcry hum, woman, child and papnooso they possessed.-. Bo it known to tho reader that paternalism is ram pant in tho tund— that whilo pcaco so cieties and Indian rights associations and prayerful congregations awuy nt tho Atlnntic'seubburd are deluging the press with diatribes upon tho wrongs of tho red ranu and tho criminal neglect ol Iho nation, and declaring that Afim's Inhuinauf ty to bo Abikcs 'countless Indians mourn. In tills last "century of dishonor" Uncle Sum tins ' disbursed millions upon mil lions iu the .desperately hopeless task ol filling' tho aboriginal stomach, nnd in striving by.ntcausof honest consns to ro- (Ihco tho number of tbo "countless" ec pathetically referred to. Indians would nmko 'splendid ward politicians, nnd how it is tliq( 'bo sachems of Tammany have not long slaco possessed themselves ol so available a menus of swelling thoii ranks passotii'iill.understaudiiig. Aftoi tlio " Indian -ii'mV, hud himself, several \vivcs arid Ms. blooming olivo brnnclies, 'tekslic<ili\h,' wlclnchn," boys and girls, and snch-pnppooscs as bis beticr halvci had at tlio back (either of Iiomo produc tion or borrowed for tho moment from tho topco of Two-Bricks-in- his-Pnt), duly cnnmcrated, tyould lie hoi swell tho ct-il- ens of his tribo by judicious distribution of nil liis wives' relations among those topees not already checked off? " Ob, it tlio truth could, over reach the cars oi tho goneral publio what tides of Indian sagacity might riot yet bo in store for tlieml What annals might not l>c un folded! Dealing with his own, his white children, who aro nonvotors, Unclo Bam Eorvcs out ono ration a day to each en listed spldicr. ATiio wifo and the lads and lasses that tmublcd about tho married mon's.qnar- ters'iq the queer old days were all to be ', (cd fvpjri 'that one ration, unless, per chance, uiairima ivns ri laundress. Bnt when defiling with tho wronged nnd to-- jiired red innii lio could not be too mag nanimous,- Every head counted. The: uniriibliug "old bel.dnrii, ; grcat- griiud- . mptljoi-.uf,"bouritlesstiio.us,-inils,",br;icod up freiii the edge of tiie grnvo for ilic occ.-i/i'i:i,' . 'i'lwi big iiollicil liulo four- yc.-ir-old/, reyuliug in tho dirt'alioiit the reol;ing . fliainblo.-i, tlio tiniv hour-old papoose, even many o- puppv, blanket swatlisd b&4 slung eqnaty back, passing . torn weobaby , rinythiqg hecoril'dsho, , as'pissesalh'g; a eparkotIndian life' was ' drily credited to the wdrHof lord of iho lodgq'Ior rrinotber'ifatiori/ ri 'fnll 'one." Oritils might arid did shrink, bnt to' the Indian there is more'tneat in q loan cow than in thef stall fed ox to-th white, for. the irieori:l'ihat- V.eVerrythlng goes.? Horns and hoofs aro the only things tho' Indian doesn't. eati 4. , , .','Agerito jritgkt arid did chcatand steal, ; bnt'so'dtd the' Indlan. pnd many a re- : , joiclng old sinner. bas.Dren credits yrith A fmriUy of twelve, when hie. solia nvatl- lihle domestic assets consisted of two qqpaws and.three children, tbo papooses., havlris been borrowed or personated \- by brindled up doggies,' the grqridmatbcr , being qpllo pippaty passed arotrnd for ; hie omriirion; he. others, pickaninnies painted so ari to look entirely nnlike the grinning nrchlris counted In the flock of brother .Btab-ln-tho-Dark, whose people had jnat been enumerate (L There were \- agents who lent ' thomsOlvcs to' that sort of thing because the more Indians they conld tow a heir especial wards,' the mors barrels end boxes and bales were -invoiced to that agency and deftly "raked off" en ronto. There was n time jvhen tho mnn who wonldn't mako hay when snch a sail shone was looked npon ns an unprofitable servant who couldn't contribute to campaign funds. "What tho dovil do yon snpiioso we bad yon nindo ngorit 'way rip at Uitlhilin for?" asked an irato polttical "boss" of u doposcd nnd crestfallen Into incumbent Who enmo. homo superseded. ."Why, it; was yon und onr congress man who exposed, 'bo stealings of my predecessor and had htm tired. 1 sup posed you wouldn't stand that sort of thing. 1 supposed yon wanted mo to be perfectly honest." "Of course wa did; hut, iliunn it, you don't seem to iiudorstiuidi'h'e was paying to tho other party." But railways nnd telegraphs have brought nil this, or ranch of it, w|(jiu raugo, so' to sponk. Things -havo changed, except perhaps human nnthfe; white or Indian. Thero has been failure to p'rovido for carrying out the earnest recommendations of tho best friend tho . Indian has known for ycara— tho intra whose word was Ids boml, whom thoy feared in war nnd loved mid trnslcd in penco I Thero line, been sln-iukago both in tho cnttlo und tho count. No matter how much beef might shrivel on tho hoof in tho old days, the Sioux, if ho. wcro at all sharp, got mors limn was liis slinro, and most of tlio Sioux wcro as sharp us their knives. Other tribes might have starved and suffered, but not thoy. Witli tho now order of things cnuio fall stom- nchs for hosts of other aborigines, but fault finding for thoso Dnkotas.?, No moro "topeo counts;" on tho contrary heads of fuiuilies paraded their entire forco, and whilo cnnmcrators with hook nnd pencil wont along tho front of tho lino. Uncle Barn's hluccoats on the border keenly watched the rear and pnt sudden stop to all ehnm unil swapping. Now tho Bhrinkago cauio to ho privation, and, turning in appeal to tho general who headed the great commission nnd won their faith, appealing to Crook for tho remedies congress lmd utterly failed to provide, their hearts wero bowed with tlio tidings that tlio Great Spirit had summoned the "Gray Fox" to happior hunting grounds. . Then was thero no other appeal? One —ono which lied never railed to wring from tho government tlio concession de sired. Old chiefs might plead in vain, but tho blood of tlio young warriors is hot and strong, tho Inst far reputation ns vehement ns of yore. Every bravo stood ripe far action, und no Indian |eadcr ever equaled in craft, in cunning, in adroitness tho scowling old sinner Bitting Bull, nnd no man need doubt that it was lio who g.ivo tho cue. Every mcdicino man in tho Dakota Nation Lo gan to preach tbo coming or tbo Mes siah, bnt tho Messiah craze was only tho means to nu cud! SUn-koi-to.tbo In dian redechicr— ho ivho ordained that his children should prepare themselves ' by tho snvago riles of tho ghost dunce to meet him anil nil their dead ancestry nnd with thorn wipo the palefaeo from the hind— Un-kot-to was a fmnd of tbo first wator, n masquerading scamp of a; whito mnn nt odds with his own kind, and progressive Indians knew it. Biit even to such it saviour, whon nrged by tho charlatans hi every .village, the su perstitious nature of tho red man turned hi eager adulation, nnd the ghostly, mnd- dcning'dmico went on. -- - Night aftpr night ill over the '.broad north wpst tho skies' were agio w .with tho - Indian fires. Tlio vnnlt of tho heavens echoed to tho sound of frenzied shriek nnd yell and tho fnrions beat of the- Indian dram, it is but a step from the ghost dnnco to the scalp dunco— from Indian worship to Indian war. A' year ago in every valley of bcuutifol Sorith Dakota cattlo wero browsing on tlio bunch grass, settlers plowing on tho 'plains, women sowing and singing under the now raised rooftrces, and glecfal children playing in the golden, heaps of corn. Now the ploiv stands idle in tho abandoned furrow; tho cattle have gone, to mrikc rip, presutiinbly, for tho reser vation shrinkage; women's songs lirivo changed tif sobs, children's langhtor hashed to terrified silence, ris tho Bottlers Book the rcfiig'o of tlio towus. Now red glaro in tho sky nt night, nnd tho now ranch house lights tho way of pinny a savngo warrior, ripiuul with arriis anil ponies to swell tho'hostilo ranks in tho mazes of tho Bad Lands. ."God only knows how. soon it may come," rend Fnrquhar, bnt a week bo foro.- "bnt I think yon would 'better bo with ypnr command." Fniqnhnr ro- liuquialied his shooting trip nnd ut once -. got blip lmrno. Ho eotiUl not ear to tell his people, in tlio linppiest garrison tho regiment had ever known, that per haps it might bo as' well to drop, the plans for tlio cavalry balk and the Christmas. theatricals, tho cherished , projects for tlio coining 'holidays.., Ho ' fmtod to havp anyone ask him if ho. thought there wero not jnst ii chance— . just a chance—of their, being oidercd. dp there. But even before lie left ho end Berrien lind beon talking tho lilac-/ tor oyer. The idea was to always huyp 