ADDITIONAL .NOTES FROM THE. WANDERER. [A. D. n.] On the 17th August we leave Plymouth Harbour and the remaining passengers have crowded to the rail to see the last of the very'fine sea and landscnpes. Night is the curtain which hides the scene. Boon all will be noise and bu:tle again in preparing for the last port of our voyage, so while there is an opportunity I will describe the voyage in the Mediterranean and on to Plymouth. In my last scribble I think I concluded with a last look at glow from Vesuvius, then die. appearing night astern. In the morning the sun rose gloriously, but not before we had watched the magnificent kaleidescopio changes in the sky. It began with a paling of the stars in that quarter and a turning of the neutral tint field to a gray, which in turn merged into a faint yellow with purple and rose tints. Soon the under parts of the horizontal clouds were tinged with liquid gold, and almost as soon as it takes to tell it, Sisyphus had begun his daily toil and up rises his great orb to "roll from horizon to horizon and slip back during the darknessof the night and make another attempt next day." One is very much apt to indulge in reverie, but soon we muatget up, and take our blankets and pillows into the cabins or we will incur the wrath of the " boaw'n." The average 'sasilor cares naught for else than a good time in port and his ignorance of the sea and its wonders is indeed remark. able.> Perhaps: it 'is due to the greater amount of care and knowledge required to 'tak charge of a vessel in these. days of steam and electricity that he leaves the re. sponsibility of thinking to those from whom it is expected, and will do what he is told mechanically. He will pull or splice a rope only when ordered to do so, and would no more help a quarter-master to mend a sail unless directed than he would take a header into the sea. The bosw'n is a type of the class in matter of ignorance of anything out. side his own duty. "Don't come askin' me them d-d useless questions" he said to me in reply on one ocession ; "I don't know an' I don't care; what's more it ain't none I of my business, what the - have the trees on the Sardinian coast to do with sallin' a ship, blow yer 1" I had foolishly ventured an inquiry as to the nature of some vegeta. tion on an island which we were passing. It is bad to rouse the wrath of such a " bosw'n" as this. In the early norningghis c rule locally is supreme. He ells the hands. " Get these durned decks cleaned, down at I once, dy'e 'ear, an' if these lubbere ain't out o' I the road. souso the 'ose on 'em. Ain't a blosw'n nothin, to think on"'cept trees " But' the bosw'n does his own work well, he is never idle and is a splendid example of energy: 1 and alacrity to the crew ; 40 of his 60 years have been spent on the sea. For some hours the Southern coast of Sardinia is in sight ard o anpears like a long, barren and desolate h cliff, and a trace of vegetation here and there i' in some hollows near the water. In.a little while we are free from land again and are dreaming along under a clear sky with an unruffled sea,. The horizon appears to be the t jnction of two huge concavities inturned, t and of these two the sky appears the greater e by two.thirds. So we go on for a day or two u with nothing to see except what aqueous and serial phenomena may occur without, by day, ti and do some star gazingby night. With the' , exception of the' Captain no one on board A cares for the beauty of a starlit sky or for is the marine zoology. Some (including the ladles) evince what nday be termed ouriosity n rather than interest in these matters. Yet tl there is plenty of room for study, and I have p to confer with Captain Johnston and judge p by his always courteous attention and his of frequent inquiries that I am not wholly a k nmuisance. .. From the prow, I watch the flying fish o: .leap from the water and splash in again to tl gain energy for a'.fresh flight. Does the a startled creature take the ship to be some; p noewkind of whale or other enemy? The b enemies of this little beauty are frequent in 1i the Mediterranean, the chief of which per- n haps is the Phocena Commuais or common I ' porpoise." This member of the " Dolphin" A family has a pointed snout; is about Sft. long. r, almost block above and silvery below; has e a fixed "fleshy flu" in place of the dorsal fin c of most fish, and the lobes of its tail are lateral and horizontal instead of vertical. I It swims in the water, as a parrot flies in the ii air. with a graceaful up and down forward h movement. The porpoise frequently shoots A clear out of the water and the whole of its ii 8ift. length is clearly seen before it .plunges in again head first. The genus is gregarious I1 and few ships con journey along these sees . without. several "giving the vessel a lead," ii as they swim faster than any ship and seem t to think it excellent sport to gather in. a a small shoal in front and keep only a few feet a in advance for many minutes, sometimes I swimming with the white belly' upturned; t sometimes" zig.zaging. Often several play a what might be called "over and under," each t onestaking ,it;in turn to glide overthe other, f A'nOther spediensof the order mskes its ap. pearance when we approach the 'Spaish t conet. This one is known to zoologists n as Goloocphbfu melas and the generic and a specific names are seen at a glance to be very 1 appropriate. This whale is 'about 18 feet long, appears to be quite black, and has a bluntly rounded head. . It is rapidly growing dark as the Spanish coast appears ahead anod the many ships around us are lighting up. Unfortunately Gibraltar is passed at midnight and all Isaw. . was a huge cliff towering aloft in solitary grandeur, with no trace of a light anywhere except the canopy of sars.- It is the occa sion for some 'pyrotechnical display on 'the bridge of the India. The officer of the watch signals to the look-out at the telegraph sta tion. The signal by night was used when passing through the strait known as "Albany passi" and on another occasion; but it is always startllne. A fuse is lit which sends out' a jot of isparks to go floating away like a horsetail in the wind, and at intervals a small rocket is ejected to a distance of a few yards where it explodes. The glare of the burning fuse attracts the attention of the " look- out" and the number of explosions "and consequent scattering of sparks and, Salso, the colour of the light used identify the ship. Then in a few minutes the junior ~compoaitor in London Tines office probably (or at Lloyd's) is setting up the shipping item-" S.S. India passed : midnight. When we are well past the rook a few lights can be seen twinklling near the water's edge, and soon after, we are steaming along in faint morning ligh~t with the land receding jtrom seight on the right. On the following day land is in night again and weo have ap proaobod near enough to get a fine view of the West coast of Portugal, so near that we can see the vine clad slopes stretching from the cliffs far away Inland up to the boundary of the great central plateau whose fringe of mountains make a beautiful background Sto as fine a landcape as I have seen. The slopes and undulating ecaboard have this light green and brown shadod vostiture of vines in irroegularly divided chess-board pat tern, or better known to the lady passengers as "crazy work," but what would be a mon otonous chequoring, otherwise, is relieved by the groves of orango and lemon trees which grow hero in profusion. There is a land b reeze, and tho sweet smell -ccompaning it is duo to the fragrance of the orange blossom. Theshore presents a broken, rugged line of bare rock of light brown and grey, sharply defined against the deep blue water. Far in land can be seen, occasionaly, a noble castle crowning an eminenco, whilst frequent villa ges land interest to the whole of this pictor esque coast. These villages are not isoltted houses bing scattered between them, and in this respect Spain and Portugal differ from Italy very mubch, the former, having a Scount.ry population whilst that of the latter' is chiefly confined to towns and villages. The sea near this coast is literally alive with what is commonly called "' Prosnpiroes. cence " rsdito me during the dark night this was full of beauty and interest. As theship cut thro' the water, the spray from her bows appeared like liquid fire or molten metal and th an object thrown into the water seemed to re disappear in fire, but the effect is obtained re only when the water is disturbed. It will 1e prove of interest to know that the phenome i1 non is due to the presence of a bacillus, rr probably the Noctiluca Miliaris common in Smany seas near the coasts. ' i cannot des c ribe the splendid effect of a shoal of fish. some hundreds of yards in extent, " hurry a skurrying "away from the vessel thro' the water wherein the bacoilli are in great quan " tity. On first approach a luminous cloud is d seen in the water, but on nearer sight this is resolved into myriads of aquatio shooting stars, darting in all directions in the greatest confusion. Some fish have this luminosity but not generally distinct, except in well marked peculiar species. The shoal in question consisted of pilchards, or sardines. Theseteed on athe bacilli which have been feasting on decomposing matter in the sea. It is good to know this. Tbhe pbosphorence of the Nootiluca Miliario transferred to the sardine pilchard is carried thence toi'rsnce or England. In course ot time,?naybe it reaches Australia, Victoria, Alexandra, and (do we not all know that fish food is good for the brain ) some of our municipal stars eat of it and as the council table the effect is, evident, It is well, I say, to know that this intellectual brilliancy is due to the influence of Noesiltueafiliarri . As far as my 'own expetilno6' is concerned there isno Bay of Biscay: 'I have seen it in name on maps have heard seafarers speak of the terrors o.that same bay, .and bette) 'till, have heard Joe Gordon,Esq., sing of the time when he lay "All the day, 'in the Bay of Bis i cay 0" When I was there it happened at night and I didn't even dream of it. In the morning it was astern and we were enveloped in fob somewhere near the Eddystone lighthouse, with fishing crafts sailing from out that misty gloom like phantom ships. There was a lively day spent, then, in dodging, these silent deni sons of the fog, for the rule as, that the steamer must avoid the sailingvessel. "Slow ahead 1" "ttop her i" "Slow aheadl" "Stop her I"" Full astern I' and so on, was the fusllade of orders from the bridge as the steamer lost herself in the fog in her endeavour to avoid an accident. All around fog horns were humming like a gi gantio but invisible hive of bees. Our own horn made enough noise to attract one of the pilot boats which cruise in the channel and locality of English ports and in the evening we reached 1 Plymouth after much hesitating, stopping and deviating from the proper course.. Within a mile of the coast the fog had disappeared. We had seen only the ghost of the Eddystone light. house. Plymouth was a welcome sight and a beauti ful one. The harbour was full of shipping, merohantmen, some war vessels, and innumer-. able small craft. Here we delayed 'only to al low passengers to land and exchange mails, and some 6 or 8 passengers landed to continue the journeybyrall. A fine view ofthe town was obtained and a pleasant half hour was spent here. An agreeable surprise to me as I had no 1 idea of the finely picturesque appearance of Plymouth from the bay. The promineonces and insularity of parts of the shore within the har bour liken it to parts of Port Jackson. The town seemed in two parts-one huddled closely in a valley and the remaining port spread. over the rising ground and height, with a forest of spires and" chimney stacks appearing' conspic uously. -. An" extraordinary specimen of animal training was shown to a small and specially invited body of Pressmen and others at. the Royal Aqsarium on Friday afternoon. This ii is a horse which has been trainid 'to play " God Save the Queen" on an ordinary bar monium, with a pedal key- board similar to thatof an organ ;tqalookon out arithmetical I problems witl the ease of the most accomn plished lightning calculator, to 'elect letters a of the alphab'eb, to ply' Nap with a well known journalist,-winning the gam,,'and to write his own name '' Alpha," with apiece of chalk, on an ordinary school slate.' At t the trial show on Friday the spectators were allowed to-remain on thu stage during,tho performance, and the closest scruitiny~falled to show any means of aigralling, either fron the wings or the flies,.whilst;the trainer.re mainedl at som. distanco from the hiorse. The concludion is a grotesquely, comic so ne. Alpha is dressed in black shirt, white apron, red shawl, and a huge poke bonnet, and thus equipped as the country cursemaid he'pro: ceeded to wheel his little stable'companion " Beta" round the etago in a perambulator., The spectacle caused roars of laughter, the intensely serious look of the two queadrupeds heightening the effect to an immense extent. Altogether Alpha and Beta make up a most inexplicable specimen of animal training. The " Bankers' Magazine " gives the fol lowing as the translation of an inscription in Gaelic on the back of a bank note circulating C in the Highlands of Scotland.- It is given on I the atithorityof J. M. Forbes :-" May good e and gracious Providence bless all the M'Don. aids, and all the M'Donalds' children for a 1000 years ling syne. 3Be gracious pleased to send us rivers of whiskey, the very finest of whiskyes, and bread anti cheese as big as the hills of Strathmore. Moreover, likewise, floods of water, so that there may be plenty 8 for man and beest.; Likewise, furthermore, tone of tobacco and sneeohan snuff, as numerons as the sands on the' seashore, and swords and pistols to kill all the Grants and 'M'Phcrsons. Deil tak' there for;over. ' 