The SeYeitflL Step. |From a Doctor's Dia?y.] ■ & " 'Icannomora*tell you that,' than I can tell in Sister Hagar's power. Pri|w^ei tay wild words. I know yo^Jhiuk badly of me, but your feelings 'vrfeulfl' be changed to profound piiy ifJ^oh couldguess the truth. Now fifien tome—I have' only a moment or two lfif^or Slater Hagar will be back alipost directly. - She found out yesterday that you had guessed my secret. I hoped th^t this was not the case, but, as usual, she-was right and I' was wrong. The moment iny eyes met yours, when. I first catae on deck, I thought it. likely that j ' you might see through my deception. | Sifiter Hagar also feared that such would | beihecaae.;" It was on that account that | I avoided speaking to you, and also that I remained eo silent and apparently un interested in eveiyone trhen I went on fleck:- l aaked for this interview yester day for the express purpose of finding out whether you really knew about the deception .which I was practising on every one on board. If I discovered that you had pierced through my disguise, there was nothing for it but for me to throw ! mraelf <oja:your mercy. Now you know I whyLwas so desirous of seeing you with-: out Mt'iCrirwen-' understand,' I answered. 'The1 whole mhtfier is most strange, wrong, and incomprehensible. Before I leave yon may I ask, what motive influences you? There "must^be some secret reason for Btush'deception as you practise.' .SliBB'Sorensen colored, and for the first time since she began to make her confes sion, her voice grew weak and faltering— her eyes took a shifty glance, and refused to meet mine. ' The motive may seem slight enough toyou^tiesaid; 'but to me it is, and wa^ifiujfieiently powerful to make me go through "wHhthis sham. My home is not a happy one; I have a step-mother who treatsnnp cruelly. I longed to get away from:home and see something of life. Myfather's brother, Professor Sorensen, of St. Petersburg, is a very celebrated ConH;'physician—my father is proud of hhn;i and hasoften mentioned nis name and the luxurious palace in which he lived. I have never met him, but I look a curious longing to pay him a visit, and thought of this way of obtaining my deaifes.' i ^Jco^essor Sorensen has made a sjfenjd Study ofnervdus diseases such as paralysis. Snter Hagar and 1 talked the matter over, and I resolved to feign this diBe&fi;$$itf£r(lei^to get away fromliome and to payjny .Jincle ,a visit. All went well without a^'hitch of any sort antil yester^y mitriiing.' * But it is impossible for you to sup pose,' I said, * that 'you can take in a specialist like Professor Sorensen.' ' I don't mean to try—he'll forgive me when I tell him the truth, and throw .my self on hiB mercy.' * Aiid is Sister Hagar a real nurse ?' I asked, after a pause. 'No, but she has studied the part a little, and is far too clever to commit her self.1 Miss Sorensen's face was no longer pale —a rich color flamed in her cheeks, her eyes blazed—she looked wonderfully handsome. * And sow that you have confided in me^-T'Baidi "* what do you expect me to do^tnth my knowledge ?' * To respect my secret, > and to keep it absolutely and strictly to yourself.' ..' That is impossible—I cannot deceive Cdrwen.' j •Ton must—you snail. Why should two—two be ^sacrificed 1 And he is so young, juid he knows nothing now—noth ing., Oh,dohave mercy on him ! Oh, my'Grbd,''what wild words am I saying? "What must you think of me V Sl^e .paused abruptly, her blazing eyeB wergfixei-on myrface. 'What must you think of me ?' she re peated. ' That vou.arein a very excitable and over-Strained condition, and perhaps not quite answerablefor your actions,' I re plied^ <1 ' Yes, yes,' she continued j ' I am over* stxainedr—over anxious—not quite ac countable—yes—that is it—that is it— but yon will not tell Mr. Corwen—Oh, be merciful -to me, I beg of you. We shall soon reach St. Petersburg. Wait, at least, until we get there before you tell him—promise me that. • Tell him then if yoailike*—tell all the world, then, if you choaBevtpr-do ^o, but respect my secret until we reach Russia/ ££ Mifas'Sorensen spoke, she laid her hand on my arm—she looked at me with a passion that seemed absolutely inade quaie^tb'her very poor reason for going throii^hthis extraordinary deception. * Promise me,' she said—'there's Sister Hagar's knock at the door—let her in— but promise me first.' '1 ipll. think the whole case over care f ul^bieforeljepeak to anyone about it,' I replied. I threw the door open as I spoke, and went but of the littie cabin as SisteE&agar; came in. That^fternoon Curwen asked me about MisB Sorensen—I replied to him briefly. * I will tell you all' about the case,' I said, * in a short time—there is a mystery which the young lady has divulged, and which i»he ; has earnestly implored of me to respect until wereach St. Petersburg.9 *£henyou believe she can be cured?' said Curwen. * Unquestionably—but it is a strange story^ind it is imposaible for me to dis cuss it nntil l ean give you my full confi denoe. -Jn the meantime, there is noth ing -to -be! done in the medical way for Miss Sorensen—1 should recommend her to k%fep!i>rtideck;as much as possible—she Is in a highly hysterical state, and the morie'fresh air. she gets the better.' Ctiirwen was obliged to be satisfied with this yery lamesummaiy of the case, and ihetiext time I saw Miss Sorensen, I bent over .her and told her that I intended to xespect her secret until after we arrived at St.Petersburg. j 'I- idfttft know how to thank you ] enough,' she said—her eyes flashed with j 3oy,%nd ehe became instantly the most animated and fascinating woman on board. Al^t'wreai&ejl;'tihe great northern port, 'ami ^ifet,among£it those to come on board tj^e Ariadw was the tall and aristo cratic' fom of Professor Sorensen. I happened to witness the meeting between him and his beautiful niece. He stooped down.and kiBsed her on her white brow. A flusE^f scarlet spread all over hep face as h|3$i(i«o. They spoke a few words to gether—then Sister Hagar came up .and touched Misb Sorensen on her arm. !Fhe nextjpoment I was requested to come and speak to the. young lady. * Slay I introduce you to my uncle, Dr. JTalifox-?' she said. * Professor Sorensen —Dr. Halifax.. I can scarcely tell you, Uncle;Oscar,' continued the young lady, looking full-in his face, 'how good Dr. "WalifaT has been to me during my voyage.' Profesaor1 jSorenaen made a polite re joinder to this, and immediately invited ' me to come to see him at his palace in the Neveki Prospect. I was about to refuse with all the polite ness I could muster, when Miss Sorensen gave me a glance of such terrible entreaty that it staggered me, and almost threw me off my balance. * You will come ; you must come,9 she said. ' I will take no refusal' exclaimed the Professor. * I am delighted to welcome you as a brother in the great world of medical science. I have no doubt that we shall have much of interest to talk - over together. My laboratory has the good fortune to be Bomewhat celebrated, and I have made experiments in the culti vation of microbes which 1 should like to talk over with you. You will do me the felicity of dining with me this evening, Dr. Halifax? I considered the situation briefly—I glanced again at Miss Sorensen. (I will come,' T said—she gave a sigh of relief, and lowered her eyes. Professor Sorensen moved away* and Sister Hagar went into the young lady's cabin to fetch something. For a moment Miss Sorensen and I were alon9. She gave me an imperious gesture to come close to her. *Sit'on that chair—stoop down, I don't want others to know,' she said. I obeyed her in Bome surprise. ' You have been good, more than good,' she said, 'and I respect you. I thanV you from my heart. Do one last thing for me.® ] ' What is that ?' ' Don't tell our secret to Maurice Cur wen until you have returned from dining with my uncle. Promise me that; I have a very grave reason for asking it of ; you.' | ' I shall probably not have time to tell him between now and this evening,' I' said, * as I mean immediately to land and occupy myself looking over the place.' At thiB moment SiBter Hagar appeared, carrying all kinds of rugs and parcels— amongst them was a Bmall, brasB-bound box, which seemed to be of considerable weight. As she approached us, the nurse knocked her foot against a partition in the deck, stumbled, «ad would have fallen had I not rushed to her assistance. At the same time the heavy, brass-bound box fell with some force to the ground. The shock must have touched some secret spring, for the cover insmadiately bounced open and several packets of papers were strewn on the deck. 1 stooped to pick them up, butstforse Hagar wrenched them from my hands with such force that I could not help^ glancing at her in astonishment. One packet had been thrown to a greater dis tance than the others. I reached back my hand to pick it up, and, as I did so, my eyes lighted on a name in small black characters onjthe cover.- The name was Olga Krestofski. Below it was something which looked like hieroglyphics, but I knew enough of the Russian tongue to ascertain that it was the same name in Buss—with the figure 7 below it. I returned the packet to the nurse—she gave me a glance which I was destined to remember afterwards—and Miss Sorensen uttered a faint <&y; &nd; turned suddenly white to her lip6. Professor Sorensen cameliastily up—he administered a restorative to his niece, and said that the excitement of seeing him had evidently been too much for her in her weak state. A moment foter the entire party had left the yacht. v* It was night when I got to the magnifi cent palace in the Kevski Prospect irtiere Professor Sorensen resided. I was received with ceremony by several servants in handsome livery, and con ducted immediately to a bedroom on the first floor of the building. The room waB of colossal size and height, and, warm as the weather still was, was artificially heated by pipes which ran along the walls. The hangings and all the other appoint ments of this apartment were of the costliest, and as I looked around me, I could not help coming to the conclusion that a Court physician at St. Petersburg must hold a very lucrative position. Having already made my toilet, I was about to leave the room to find my way as best I could to the reception rooms on the ground floor, when, to my unbounded amazement, I saw the masBive oak door of the chamber quickly and silently open, and Miss Sorensen, magnificently dressed, with diamonds in her black hair and flash ing round her thin white throat, came in. She Jiad not made the slightest sonnd in opening the door, and no w she put her finger to her lips to enjoin silence on my part. She closed the door eently behind her, and, coming up to my side, pressed a.note into my hand. She then turned to go. ' What ia the meaning of this?' I be gan. 'The note will tell you she replied. 'Oh, yes, I am well, quite well—lhave told my uncle all about my deception on bpard the Ariadne. For God's Bake don't keep me now. If 1 am discovered, all is lost/ v She reached the door as she spoke, opened it with a deft, swift, absolutely silent movement, and disappeared. ;I could not tell why, but when I was left once more alone, I felt a chill run ning through me. I went deliberately up to the oak door and turned the key in the heavy lock. The splendid bedroom was bright as day with electric light. Stand ing by the door, I opened MusSorensen's note. My horrified eyes fell on the fol lowing words ' We receive no mercy, and we give none. Your doom was nearly fixed when yon found out the secret of my falan paralysis on board the Ariadne. It was absolutely and irrevocably sealed when you saw my real name on the packet of letiters which fell out of the brass-bound bok to-day. The secret of my return to Russia is death to those who discover it unbidden. ' It is decreed by those who never alter or change that yon do not leave thiB pal ace alive. It is utterly hopeless for you to try to escape, for on all hands the doors are guarded; and even if you do succeed in reaching the streets, we have plenty of emissaries there to do our work for us. You know enough of our secrets to make your death desirable—it is there fone arranged that you are to die. I like you and pity you. I have a heart, and you have touched it. If I can, I will save you. I do this at the risk of tny. life, but that does not matter—we hold our lives cheap—we always carry them in our haDOB, and are ready to lay them down at any instant. I may not succeed in saving you, but I will try. I am not quite certain how your death is to be accom plished, but I have a very shrewd sus picion on the manner in which the final attack on your life will be made. Your only chance—remember, your only chance of Escape is to appear to know absolutely nothing—to show not the ghost of a sus picion -at any underhand practices; to put forth all yourpowera to fascinate and please Professor Sorensenand the guests [ who will dine with ua -to-night. Show no surprise at anything you bob—ask no impertinent questions. I have watched you,s and I believe you are clever enough and have sufficient, nerve to act as I suggest. Pay me all the attention in yonr power—make love to me even a little, if you like—that will not matter, for. we shall never meet again after to night. After dinner you will be invited to accompany Professor SorenBen to his, laboratory—he will ask no other gaeBt to do this. On no account refuse—go with him and I will go with you. Where he goes and where I go, follow without flinching. If you feel astonishment, do not show it. And now, all that I have said leads up to this final remark. Avoid ihe seventh, step. Bear this in your mind —it is your last chance.—Dagmab." I read this note over twice. The ter rible feeling of horror left me after the second reading. T felt braced and resolute. I suspected, what was indeed the case, that I had fallen unwittingly into a hornet's neBt of Nihilists. How mad I had been to come to Professor Sorensen's palace! I had fully made up my mind that MisB Sorensen had told me lies, when she gave me her feeble reasons for acting as she had done on board the Ariadne. No matter that now, however. She spoke the truth at last. The letter I crushed in my hand was not a lie. I resolved to be waiy, guarded-and when the final moment came, to sell my life dearly. I had a box of matches in my pocket. I burnt the note to white aBh, and then crushed the ashes to powder under my foot. I then went downstairs. Servants were standing about, who quickly directed me to the reception rooms. A powdered. footman flung the door of the great drawing-room open and called my name in a ringing voice. Pro fessor Sorensen came forward to meet me. A lady came up at the same moment and held out her hand. She was dressed in j black velvet, with rich lace and many magnificent diamonds. They shone in her sandy hair and glistened round her thin throat. I started back in amaze ment. Here was Sister Hager metamor phosed. * Allow me to introduce my . wife, Madame Sorensen,' said the Professor. Madame Sorensen raised a playful finger and smiled into my face. ' You look astonished, and no wonder, Dr. Halifax,' she said. * But ah, how naughty you have been to read our secrets.' She turned away to speak to another guest. The next moment dinner was announced. As we sat round the dinner table, we jmade_a large party. Men and women of many"" nationalities were present, but I quickly perceived to my own surprise, that I was the guest of the evening. To mb%as given the terribly doubtful honor of Aborting Madame Sorensen to the head of %h%itable, and in honor of me also, English—by ccmmon consent—was the language spoken at dinner. Miss Sor&&eu; sat a little to my left— she spoke gailyjjto her neighbor, and her ringing, silvery often to my ears. There had been soifie little excite ment caused by the bursting of a large bomb in one of the principal streets that evening. Inadvertently lalluded to it to m'y hostess. She bent towards me and said, in a low voice :— 4 Excuse me, Dr. Halifax, but We never talk politics in Petersburg.' She had scarcely said this b&j;&e; she began to rattle off some brilliant o|fciions with regard to a novel which jvaS just then attracting public attention in Eng land. Her remarks were terse, cynical, and to the point. From one subject of interest to another she suddenly leaped, showing discernment, discrimination, and a wide and exhaustive knowledge of every thing she touched upon. As I listened to her and replied as perti nently as possible, a sudden idea came to me which brought considerable comfort with it. I began to feel more and more assured that Miss Sorensen's letter was but the ugly result of a mind thrown slightly off its balance. The brilliant company in which I found myself, the splendid room, the gracefully appointed table, the viands and the wines of the best and choicest, my cultivated and gracious hostess—Professor Sorensen's worn, noble, intellectual face--surely all these things had nothing whatever to do with treachery and assassination ! Miss Sorensen's mind was off its balance. This fact accounted for everything—for the malingering which had taken place on board the Ariadne—for the qneer letter which she had given to me before dinner. " When you saw my real name to-day, your doom was irrevocably sealedshe said. " Avoid the, seventh step," she had continued. Could anything be more utterly absurd 1 Mibb Sorensen was the acknowledged niece of my courtly host— what did she mean by attributing another name to herself ?—what did she mean by asking me to avoid the seventh step ? In short, her words were exactly like the ravings cf a lunatic. My heart, which had been beating un comfortably high and strong, calmed down under these reflections, but presently a queer, cold uncomfortable recollection touched it into fresh action as if with the edge of bare steel. It was all very well to dispose of Miss Sorensen by treating her wild words as the emanations of a diseased brain; but what about Madame Sorensen? How was I possibly to account for her queer change of identity % I recalled her atti tude on board the Ariadne. The malevo lent glances she had often cast at me. The look on her face the very morning I had saved her from falling, and picked up the papers which had fallen oat of the brass-bound box. She had seen my eyes rest upon the name " Olga Krestofski." I could not soon forget the expression in her cold eyes when I returned her that packet. A thrill ran through me even now, as I recalled the vengeance of that glance. {To be continued.) Soke eyes 1! Beyond doubt moreiss's TMPKBTAT. EYE ointment is Still the safest, ; speediest and best remedy in existence. For j over fifty years it has worked really marvel-' Ions cures in tbese colonies, as testimonials will show. Every household is advised to kepp a supply always on hand, and imme diately apply it when weakness or soreness is felt through dust, heat, flies, exposure to heat or cold, exces&ve; reading or writing, &c.;, and thus save further trouble and expense. Avoid all imitations and substi tutes offered in place of this valuable Oint ment. Having stood the severest test of time, no family can afford jo be without it. Sold everywhere in pots, 2s., containing suf ficient for six or more cases. Worry will almost make anyone thin, except the people who worry because they are fat. A sharp boy said to a gentleman of very large understandings that he would be a very nice man if so much of hiB legs hadn't been turned up to make feet of. The British Isles comprise no fewer than 1000 separate islands and islets, without counting mere jutting rocks or isolated pinnacles. 