MY LIFE IN TWO HEMISPHERES. By the HON. SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, K.C.M.G. BOOK SECOND. — CHAPTER I.—(Continued.') This was my reply:— " Mitchel has shown me your letter, and I agree with every line you have written. In fact, I said the same sort of thing a week ago, when I saw him last. To wit— ' Why, Mitchel, won ami, where are you going ? This is not 1843, but 1846. We are not in the tropics, but in the frigid zone. You write of insurrections as if they were made to order in the back office of a newspaper. Have we the priests, as in '43 ? Have we even the people ? If we had, have we military leaders with Bkill and knowledge for such an enterprise ? We have not. And what will come of feeding the people with false hopes ?' Or, in the vein ironic, in relation to his recent perambulations among foreign politics—' I congratulate you upon your expanding philanthropy and growing indifference to mere Irish interests almost in rivalry with the head pacificator. The Sikhs, the Armenians, the Poles, have had a full share of your attention, but one might as well look for Ireland in a Queen's Speech as in your articles of late.' " Now, I confess the shameful laxity of all this badinage. I should have said— 1 Halt! this is a road we must not travel.' But the fact is, that while I was working at my book, I read the 'Nation'—as I did the 'Freeman '—for news, and without any strong feeling of responsibility. Moreover, I calmed my conscience now and then by a vow that I would never again put the helm out of my hand for an hour while I commanded the ship. I have still over a month's hard work to do, and, that done, I will be anohored at my post. Meantime, Mitchel, who feels the force of your remonstrance (I have not yet seen Pigot's), will act accordingly. I will write something even during the month of work. I have reviewed John O'Connell's Memoir of his father for next number." But even a month's leisure proved impossible, for a new and serious trouble had suddenly sprang up. Before the month approached its close Mitchel came to me on the eve of publication, bringinjg the proofs for^ next day's " Nation," and with them the news that O'Connell had returned from London in a fury, real or affected, and Mitchel predicted that if I did not drop the book and return to the editor's room I should find, when it was completed, the "Nation" engaged in a conflict with O'Connell in which it would possibly perish. I wrote no more history in that era. The grounds of O'Connell's wrath were a pronunciamento in the " Nation " famous in that period as " The Railway Article." Apropos of some food riots, which the threatened famine had provoked, the " Morning Herald," then a Government organ, announced that it had become necessary to declare the agitation for Repeal high treason, and to shut up Sedition Hall; and the official journalist triumphed in the ease with which the thing could be done by despatching troops to every dangerous district by the new railways, which were very handy for the purpose. Mitchel replied that if the new railways were to be applied in suppressing public opinion in Ireland the people were not without a remedy; a cutting could be filled up or an embankment levelled without muoh trouble. Hofer received the invaders of the Tyrol in a memorable manner. When the enemy appeared in a narrow pass his soldiers seized upon rocks and roots of trees, and in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, discharged them on the enemy. " But," he added, " 'tis a dream. No enemy will put us to realise these scenes. Yet let all understand what a railway may and what it may not do." This answer seemed to me a natural and seasonable one in reply to a threat of suppressing by force an agitation for a perfectly lawful purpose. It was such an answer aB the " Nation " would have given to such a menace at any period of its existence. But Mitchel, knowing that O'Connell was watching for a favourable opportunity to assail us, committed a serious mistake in tactique when he associated the.Jlepeal Association with his menace. "l?or actual measures of coercion," he said, "all Ireland laughs at them. The military uses or abuses of railways are tolerably well understood; but it might be useful to promulgate through the country, to be read by all Repeal wardens in their pa/rislies, a few short and easy rules as to the mode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make hostile use of them." On consultation, Mitchel frankly admitted his mistake, and strove to remedy it but O'Connell was not to be placated. The safety of the association, he declared at the next meeting, was endangered by such rash counsel, and he must separate himself from them publicly. Next day, when his speech was read, there was a wide feeling that O'Connell had pointed out the journal for proseoution, for the Conservative Attorney-General could not venture to be less solicitous for the public peace than the democratic agitator. In a few days I received notice of trial for seditious libel, and was held to bail accordingly, and O'Connell issued strict instructions that no reference to the prosecution should be made in the association. We had sinned very grievously, it might be assumed, when even a word of friendly sympathy was forbidden. These precautions were strangely perplexing to the people who did not know that the original design to coalesce With the Whigs and abandon the national question was now completed by the kindred design to cow, or if they could not be cowed, to destroy, the men who would naturally oppose this policy. Neither O'Connell's wrath nor legal penalties disturbed me so much as a vicious outcry, echoes of which reached me in the editor's room, that the " Nation " advised that the national railways should be destroyed. I did what I had always been in the habit of doing in such an emergency—I accepted the responsibility in my own person. In a letter, published as a leading article, I examined, explained, and justified the impugned article, and defended my colleague. The defence must have answered its purpose effectually, for men so widely separated in opinion as Thomas Carlyle and Frederick Lucas expressed their satisfaction with it, and the Irish Press, almost without exception, denounced the prosecution.} Even the " Mail," the leading Conservative journal, declared there was no excitement in Ireland to justify such a proceeding. O'Connell's precaution to shut out the subject from the association was not altogether successful. In a private letter (which I have seen) he urged James O'Hea to advise O'Brien to be silent. But on questions of public duty O'Brien's conscience and judgment were his counsellors. He attended the next meeting and,opened up the subject in a manner I must describe from a former account of the transaction. " O'Brien said he did not think it necessary to inquire whether the article was a discreet or politic one, but he was prepared, on his individual responsibility, to declare that it was morally and legally justifiable. It was a reply to offensive diatribes in English journals, announcing that railways would be exceedingly useful in effecting the subjugation of the Irish people. Maurice O'Connell, who had been placed in the chair aa another measure of precaution, interrupted O'Brien to suggest that it was not quite in order to discuss a subject which did not immediately affect the association, and that he was perhaps treading on dangerous ground. O'Brien said he would bow to the chair, but, as an appeal had been made to his discretion, he continued of opinion that it was not only discreet, but moBt advisable, that the topic should be treated in that place. The chairman rejoined that he individually agreed with Mr. O'Brien in the premises, but his business was to prevent the discussion of anything which did not relate to the association. Mr. O'Brien sat down, but m&ny; persons continued to think that the prosecution of a Repeal journal for defending the • Mitchel, in the next lumber, mentioned that Mr..O'Connell bad remonstrated on tbo subject, and tbat it must be clearly understood that the "Nation" "had neither connection with, nor control over, Kepeal wardens."—" Poor Years of Irish History." t My watchful friends in London kept me informed of the impression created by my vindication of the " Nation " In circles far sway from party influenoe. " Now, ad publico negotia " (O'Hagan wrote)," yonr letter was beyond ipraise. There is not a sentence in it that did not win Pigot's and my own heartiest approval. If anything can get yon right with the conntrj- that will They (Thomas' and Mrs. O rlyle) had strong sympathy with yon aboutjhis prosecution affair, and liked your letter extremely. Lucas feels about it In the way you see by the' Tablet.'" Ferguson, who was in England at the moment, sent me friendly counts], which, altogether, coincided with my intentions:— * " My Dear Duffy,—I hear in all directions an expression of horror st something that has been said in the • Nation" about destroying troops in railway transit. " It seems from what I see in London that the prorocation came-from tho ether side. ' " Ifperhaps it would be possible-to mitigate the feeling fwhloli, believe me, is fearfully strong) among the class I mean, ;wh0fle g0Qd-wili, I tliitik.-onght to .be of very great value to you, by something explanatory, showing the provocation, and putting the matter Qtrthe ground of being no more violent than the threat. . I express myself imperfectly, but yon will know What I mean. What tight have one set of the Queen 's subjects to threaten another wi*h troops ? The troope are oure as well as theirt. The Legislature and the Executive alone ought to..threaten and punish. .When tfes ?Herald* say? our'purty will crush your party by troops in a railway, it is not so unreasonable-(It isveryrieplorable 1 think)to reply, * Tour instrument of intimidation is u goofl for resistance a« for ootrclon.'—Most sincerely yonre, honour of the country against a threat to shut up Conciliation Hall, and declare the agitation for Repeal to be high treason, was as nearly related to the association as the character of Monsienr Theirs, or the proceedings of German dissenters from the Catholic Churoh, or the treatment of tenants in Darrynane Beg—O'Oonnell's estate which had all been elaborately discussed without let or hindrance. At the ensuing meeting Mr. Henry Grattan took up the subject. Ho warned the Orangemen of Ulster that if they attempted to meet and express their constitutional opinion against the new-fangled commercial policy of Peel the Government might send troops from Dublin to Armagh, and if any independent journal suggested that if they were sent by railway for such a purpose the result might be hazardous, he would be prosecuted for exercising that constitutional right. The head pacificator jumped to his feet to Bave the association from 1 manifest danger.' He told Mr. Grattan, in the prodigious rhetoric for which he was distinguished, that * from the lips' of O'Oonnell himself,' whose profound legal wisdom had been Ireland's palladium of safety for so many years, he heard, as bis parting words aboard the packet, that he considered the introduction of this subject while the case was pending in the Court of Queen's Bench as deeply and dangerously calculated to imperil the ' safety of the Bepeal Association of Ireland.' Mr. Grattan yielded to this impassioned appeal; but O'Brien, who began to be impatient of the manifest injustice, declared that he had consulted legal friends since the last meeting, and they were of opinion the subject might be discussed with safety and propriety. He would postpone it, however, till the return of Mr. 0 Connell." We refrained from comment in the " Nation," though it would not be difficult to find pertinent criticism. It was not always an unpardonable sin to invoke the aid of Bepeal wardens. It had been proved on O'Connell's trial that he had reminded the people at one of the monster meetings that they could follow and obey Bepeal wardens aB well as if they were sergeants, and march after a band as well in their grey coats as if they wore red jackets. (To be continued.) 