DAY DAWN CYCLING CARNIVAL Thu Grand Cycling Carnival oi' the Day Dawn Bicycling Club took place on Boxing Day, and was, all things considered, a very great success. The enterprise of Day Dawnites in fencing in their sports ground and erecting a grand stand and all the other necessary appurtenances; in the very short spact* of time since the ground was granted to llicm culls forth the highest praise. The arrangements were all well carried out by the committee, who have worked together with a right good will, and well deserve their success. About -500 persons assembled, and as the day was comparatively cool and the dust liend not in attendance, there is no doubt that everyone enjoyed the day's outing. Tho gate receipts amounted to £82 15s., and the amount passed through the Calcutta sweeps was £'81, of which the club netted £12 128. The accounts not being all in, it is not yet known how tho club stands exactly over the meeting, but a substantial balauce in hand is assured. It is true that some of the principal events were shorn of their interest through one of the limit men proving himself to be such a flyer, but the fault can in no way be at tributed to the batidicappers, as they had no possible chance of knowing that Morton, who won his races with ridiculous ease, was so speedy, being as be was an entirely untried man. It is more than probable tbat Morton, when be starts again in a race here, will havo a back view of most of his men. It is a blot on the system of handicapping, however, tbat there should not be some way of penalising a man who shows such speed, especially in a community of this kind where it is so liurd to find out the abilities of the competitors. Another item on tho programme which was of a most wearisome nature was the slow nice. Probably next time a race of this kind takes place the distance will be reduced to at least a iifth of the distance. The following are tho results of the day's racing:— MAIDEN UAMJICAP.—First prize £5, and trophy valued at £2 2s.; second, £2. One Mile. O'Dea 1 Prior 2 Rawlings 8 O'Dea went quickly to the front and was never troubled by any of the men behind hiui, winning without effort; the principal part of tbe race being the struggle to obtain second place, Prior eventually managing to get. home ahead of llawlings, with Shepherd aud Boyd close up. Time, 4vnin. 15scc. MKMISEHS' HANDICAP.—First prize £o, and trophy presented by Mr. W. It. Gollop; second £2. llalf a mile. Stone I Maplestone 2 Privctt a Stone, from the 40yd mark, went gradually to the front, and maintained his lead to the finish. Maplestone, who was. delayed by a fall caused through Jcuson and Stringer colliding, which accident also brought down Simpson, through a man running out to pick up one of tho fallen men, was second, his chancc of winning being spoiled by having to run off. A protest entered by Privctt against Stouo for going inside him was dismissed by the committee as they held that three feet was iu the meaning of the rules "manifestly wide." Time, 1 min. 25sec. DAY DAWN HAMHC• I'IIF! prize £'10 sinl trophy i-n.-o:-K(l by Mr. S. lii-riiinn. valued ;it five guineas; second, io; tl.ir.;, ,':1. Distance one mile. Morton, 100 yds ... 1 O'Dea, 80 yds 2 11\. A. Thompson, 50 yds !i From the start the first place in the race was a dead certainty for Morton, who got away without a hitch and almost immediately began to increase his lead. Had it not been for the keen contest between O'Dea, Thompson, Maplcston and Shepherd, the race would have been almost entirely devoid of interest. O'Dea rode splendidly aud at tho finish of the race was almost as fresh as when he started. His handicap, however, as compared with that of Morton, proved far too severe for him in tbe short distance. Mapleson, 0 yards, ran Thompson very close up for third place. Time, 8 niiu, id sec. NOVICE HANDICAP.—First price £U and trophy, presented by Mr. H. Behrnian, valued at live guineas. Second, £2. Distance one mile. O'Dea, 50 yds 1 Boyd, 80 yds 2 Egan, 100 yards, made a good start, but his lasting powers were no match for tbe morn developed muscles of the other competitors. O'Dea and Boyd practically had tbe racc between them during tbe whole of the distance. CI.TJT. HANDICAP.—First prize £7 and trophy, presented by Mr. H. Goldstein, valued at live guineas ; second £$. Distance, one mile. Stone, 55 yds 1 Mapleson, 15 yds ... 2 Stone won the racc easily. Shortlyafter tho start Privett (110 yds) and Stone raced together, when Stranger (•15 yds) caine up and succeeded iu passing into the second position. During the last lap Stone put on a big spurt, leaving the whole of the field behind bim and gradually increasing bis lead during the remaining distance. He was followed by Simpson (10 yds) and Maplestone (15 yds) in the order named. Coming up the straight Maplestone was runningSimpson very close for second place aud shortly before the winning post was reached, succeeded in passing bim. Time, 2 min. "(j! sec. Noviii.iv HANDICAP.—First prize £7; second £2; third £1. Distance, one mile. O'Dea, scratch 1 Shepherd, <i yds ... 2 Collutt, 2o yds 3 The object of this race was to throw a little amusement aud variety into the programme rather than au exhibition of scientific riding. The rules of the racc were that the competitors, after travelling a couple of laps, must dismount, drink a uiug of beer, light a cigar and ride home with tbi! wuml alight. Walking, $5 yds; Duvis, 45 yds; Privett, 60 yds, "and Fischer 50 yds also started. Nut long after tbe f f ^ t ^ t delayed his progress, biu. before m.inj seconds had elapsed he wasas.,ncie JI0 machine again. When it camo to the beer drinkiug operation ho nw.de up considerably for lost lime, swamping the liquid" aud lighting bis cigar almost before the other competitors had time to look round. Starting away again be hail one or two ahead of him, but they did not stand a ghost of a chance, O'Dea shooting past and winning easily. MUKCUISOS Wimist. KACK.—First prize A'30; second i'7; third i'i). Distance two miles. Morion, 220 yd.-i ... 1 •Tenzeu, 220 yds ... 2 O'Dea, 165 yds Morton again came home an easy winner. Jn the first lap Morton got uwuy with a fair .lead, followed by Stone uud .'enzcu, Maplestone coming up well. The same order was maintained during tbe greater part of the next lap, when O'Dea ran up into fourth plane. About this point O'Brien, 13 yds, was running Maplestone very close; and after a Jittlo struggle "tbe former gained tho fifth position. Very little further dislauce had been covered before O'Brien began to exhibit signs of fatigue. O'Dea, who was running strong, obtained the third place, with Morton aud Jenzeu ahead of him. Morton finished with any amount of go in him, whilst Jeuzen - and O'Dea had a tough contest for second place, the former only winning that position by'about half a wheel. Time, Omin. 2-5ths sec. Stow IJACJ:. This event -was a really tedious one, the rider who cauie in last being adjudged the winner. Nineteen started. Tho following was the result :— Marshall 1 Shepherd 2 MACJIANAWAV HAXDICM'.—First prize £10. Distance, one mile. Morton, 110 yds ... 1 O'Dea, -SO yds 2 II. A. Thompson, 00 yds !> Won easily. Boyd, 100 yds, wa running well iu tho second place, till coming into the straight, when ho was passed by O'Dea, Thompson alio passing bim. Time, 53 i)-5th sec. CONSOLATION HANDICAP.—l'irst prize £5. Distance, two laps. Hcgan, 180 yds 1 Simpson, 10 yds ... 2 Collett, 25 yds 