FALSE EVIDENUCE IBr E. PHALLIPr OPrErr-HEI. Author of " A Monk of Cruta," " A Daughter of the Maroni," etc. published by special arrangement wifh Mes. Ward Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL ROOHES RES5RVE4 CHAPTER XXXII. THE BGIOGADS HORs. It was a strange, wild, magnificent spot. A deep gorge running inland from the sea. only avoided cutting Into the preoipice which we were carsfully avoiding, by a strip of turf a few yards wide, along which we passed. and by whiob alone access could be obtained to our destinatieon It earled in a zg-sagpoation, sometimes wider, seome times narrower, towards a low promontory fronting the sea-for the gorge seemed to take a complets cirole, As we neared this bill I could see that it was a far more fertile one than most of the country around. Up one side stretched a vineyard, and little knolls of olive and cypress trees were dotted about on the suamit, which seeemed eno'osed by a thick hedge of wild aloes. A keen, piercing whistle greeted our approach, to which my father at once replied. Then there was silence. We climbed right up the side and passed over the summit of the hill without seeing a sign of any human being or habitation. I Icoked at my father Inquiringly, but he only smiled. 1 Follow me carefully. Hugh," he said. walking on as though to descend the pro montory on the other side. I did so, along awinding, narrow path cevered with loose stones, until suddenly, as we resohed a sharp corner, I came to a standstill, and could not repress a cry of admiration. Juat below was a wide, natural platesa jutting ,at, until it seemed to stand sheer over the violet sea, and around it at regular dis tances, close to the aide of the hill, and overhong by a luxurious outgrowing planta tion of cypress trees, were a number of rudely constructed brown tents. Lying about on the turf were several men dressed in a picturesque medley of bright-haed garments, smoking long cigarettes and drinking wine from horn cups. It reminded me of a scone from the Spanish BSudent, only it was far more beautiful. A tall, dark man of swarthy complexion and black eyes, but who was far from Ill looking, came forward languidly to meet na. My father spoke to him rapidly apart for a moment or two, and then he turned towards Thbis is Monsieur Joss, Hugh, whose guest I am." ionsiesu Joud took off his feathered hat, and made me a sweeping bow. • The son of my friend, the Englishman is very weloome," he said, speaking in French. "You would wiab to rest, no doubt ! If monsieur will seek his tent, I will order refreshments to be sent." We entered one of the curiously-shaped habitations, and I glanced wanderingly around. There was a small chest, a gun, a little pile of books, a bed of dried leaves and heath pressed together in a compact form, which gave forth an aromatic, agree able smell, and very little else. "Ne ot much furniture, you see," my father remarked. "Now come outside again." A white cloth had been spread out on the turf, and wooden dishes of olives, sloes, magnificent grapes, and some sort of dried meat had been arranged on it. Two long necked bottles of wine and a couple of horn mugs were also brought, and then the man who had been making these preparations bowed clumally and withdrew. I flung myself on the turf by my father's side, and, for the first time for many years, we ate and drank together. Afterwards we lit long paper cigarettes, of which there seemed to be no lack, and I stretched my self eat with a sense of dreamy satisfaction. The warm, balmy air, heavily laden with the exquisite perfume of wild flowers and the odorous scent of the vineyard, seemed to lll my senses into a sweet, satisfied stupor, and for hours we both lay there, caruely exchaogng half a dozen sentencesa. "Father," I said suddenly, " a man might be happy here." He sighed. "It would not be impos Asble," he assented. I thought of London at night, with its endless whirl of excitement and hurry; its faming gaslights, its heated theatres, its hurrying, eager crowds, and its hideous -vce, and I dreaws deep, satisfied breath. "One is happiest out of the world, I thina afser all. How could any man be miserable in a plaoe like this My father smiled sadly. "A certain amount of philosophy is neeareary to appreciate solitude," he said " You are toe young to have imbibed It. You would be longing to be back in the world again before long." ' I shook my head. '"Not 1. There is nothing in England to compare with this. As for London, the Iltsle time I spent there seems like a bad dream. To live in a great city seems to me the greatest mistake a man can make. All the town people Imet were artifical intheir manners, and in their nature too, 1 believe. The struggle for existence seems to stunt them. and to check their development." "Yet contact with one another sharpens their wits and energy," my father re marked. " a doubt whether it improves them morally," I answered, "Bat perhaps Ilam prejediced. I hate towns, and I love the country," "~ Monaleur is very wise" I turned my head, and saw Monileur J!crd' tall figure atanding out againat the "Monsenr in very wise," he repeated. "I, too, nave lived in towns, but I love be-t the country, else I shoald not be here. Monsieeu is young to have attained to so mucnh wisdom." I laghed. "Isn't it a matter of tsute ratert?an amutterof wisdom" I remarked. He ahrugged his ahoulders, and leaned farwaerd an the long gun which he was t sVr monsieur's permission," he said, " I will tell him a snort story, It is my own" De-ignhted,' I murmured, lighting a Iselh oigarette, and my father gravely hebowed his head. "I was born and breought up In the auntry," Monsiear ~Tos ommOnced, "in a small village, about fifty miles south of Paris. When I was sixteen years old my father and mother both died, and I was lrft alone in the world, in possession of a anall farm. I had to work hard, but I loved the pLoe, and I was able to mare a good living. I was happy enough, too, until Marie Marteul came to live in our village, and I fellin lorve with her. I trst Monsieur will never know what it is to be In love with a heartless ocquetteI It was my lot, and a miserable lot it was f One day she would single me out from all the rest and talktome only, and at another she would arcelyspeak to me at all. Itwas Paris which had done It. Before she went up there to stay with an aunt for a while, she ases quiet, and simple, and as sweet as ever a maden old be, but when ahe re turned she was, as I say, a confirmed osquette. I bore patiently all her vaganres, andput up with all her sauy speeches, for morethan a year, Then, when I asked her to marry me, she laughed in my face. What, marry a little country farmer Not ahs She would marry no one, hoe said, who did not live in Paris, or who could not atke her there. If I could do that she ould have me. "aWell,I sold the farm on which I wa born, every field of which I loved, and with a light heart weat up to Paris. They call Paris a gSy city i I found it a cruel one I I had no idea how to set abrot making s living there, and gradually my little stock of money dwindled away until it was nearly all gone, But 1 would succeed, I swore, for was not Marie waiting for mea At last, in despair, I turned blacksmith; 1 worked night and day until my oheak lost their colour, and I began to atoop. But I got on very well, and at last I got a forge for my self and took a little hooe and furnished it. Then I went down to my old home. happy and exunlteant, to fetoh Marie. I went to her house and saw her, buhot when I would have embracoed her she drew back as though she had forgotten mes I was pained, but I thooght she was playing with me, and I commenced to tell her my story, and all that I had done, and how I had worked for her sake, and abhout the house I had furnished. And when I had told her everything, what do you think she did I She burstot laughing In my face. 'The idea of marrying a blacksmith I' she ex claimed, tossing her pretty head 'It was ridiculous ' Belides, she had ohanged her mind about living in Paris. I had better get some one else to go and live with me in the house I had furnished; and when I commened to plead to her, she shut the door in my face. Next week she was married to the man to whom I had sold ny farm. Does Monsieur wonder that I, too, detest the cities, and love best the country '" I looked up at him sympathisingly, for though he had told his story lightly, there was a deep vein of sadness underlying his assumed manner, and his dark eyes had a sorrowful look. "Perhaps it was as well for you that you didn't marry her," I remarked. "She must have been a heartless coquette." He shrugged his shoulders. "lf our love came from our head, that would be very good consolation. I wish messieurs a very good-night." he added, bowing. Then he turned somewhat abruptly upon his heel and walked away to his tent. One by one the men around us left the central group and. curling theuselves up in their oloaks. threw themselves down to sleep -some inside their tents, some on the threshold, and others where they had been sitting. The golden moon had risen high above the gleaming sparkling surface of the still sea, and shone down upon the strange little scene with a fall, soft light. I looked round at the slumbering forms of the brig ands in the fantastic dress, and at the dark cypress trees which stood out in strange shanes against the clear, star- bespangled sky. I watched the fire-flies around the aloe hedge, until my eyes ached with follow lng their erratic course. Then I thought of Maud-wondering whether she was at that moment dancing with Lord Anserleyin some heated London ball-room, wondered whether she ever thought of me, whether she knew that I loved her I And then I closed my eyes and the sweet, intoxioating perfume which floated about on the heavy southern air lulled me to sleep. CHAPTER XXXIIL AT PALErHO. For a whole week I shared my father's abode in company with this band of robbere, and then, finding me Indomitable in my determination to remain with him, he made another propostion. Such a retreat and such company as we were amongst was all very well for him. an eutcast from the world; bhut for me it was different. H,. did not like the thought of my dwelling amongst proscribed men; there was no necessity for it. At first I laughed at him. Monsieur Joed and I were the beest of friends, and though with the other men, I could not ex change even a oasual remark, for their only language was a vile. unintelligible patois ; they were all civil enough, and seemed dis. posed to be friendly. The wild, open life I suited me exactly, especially in the mood in which I then was, and I had no wish to change It for any more luxurious method of living. But as my father seemed to have made up his mind- upon the matter, I, of 1 course, had little to say about it. I We did not have much difficulty in find- ' ing a suitable abode. At the foot of the f wild gorge which gives acoess to the i mountains amongst which the convent of I San Martino, and the Cathedral of Monreale C lie hidden, we came across a tumble- down a half-ruined, grey villa, of which several of the rooms were fairly habitable. We took It it from its owner, a neighbouring farmer, t for a sum which seemed to us ridienlously ( low. Then, from the little village of Boooe di I Falco, we engaged, for wages little above I their keep, a man and woman, and with the remainder of the furniture whioh was in the place, and a very few additions from t Palermo, we were fairly set up in house- f kee ing. f I am quite sure that that period was not I altogether an unhappy one for my father. and, for my part, I found it very far from ' such. The complete novelty of our uar- i roundings and manner of life was full of in. I terest to me, and it was with the keenest ' pleasure, too, that I watched the colour ' come slowly back to my father's cheeks and his limbs regain their old elasticity and vigour. He could not conceal the change i which my coming had brought into his life, and he did not attempt to. Many a time did I feel devoutly thankful that I had i held to and carried out my purpose.. I Our life was simple enough, but pleasant. Sometimes we spent the whole day trying i to shoot the only bird there was to shoot a sort of wild duck ; at others we took long walkts, exploring the coast scenery, and frequently winding up with a visit to our robber friends. Antiquities or eight-seeing t we neither of as cared much about, but we paid together more than one visit to the t palatial Convent of San Martino and to the e cathedral of Monreale. Other places of interest we avoided, for my father had lost i none of his old dread of meeting any of his fellow-countrymen, although, as I more than once pointed out to him, the probabill- J ties of their over having heard his story . were very far removed. 1 Sometimes we rode on maules across the riclh interveninog plain into Palermo, and mingled with the little orowd of priests and soldiers in the rofd, and went down to the Casino to glance through the papers. It was I who read these, however, for my father carefully avoided them, and perhapea it was as well that he did, for more often than not there was some mention of Rupert Devereux'o name, either presiding at a - meeasting or heading a subscription list, or as one of the committee interested in some great philanthropic work. It could not have been pleasant for him to have read ench items of news as this, and I was thank ful that he chose never to read English And s our life passed on for more than a year, not st all unpleasantly for either of uas. My father, in his previous state of complete selitude, had developed a taste for profound reading, and seemed to find much pleasure in studying abstruse works on Boddhism, the creed of the Mahometasna, the Conf tcian teaching, the religion of the Brahmins and the Fotichisti, and the strange, fascinating doctrine of quietlsm held by so many of the nations of the East. It was a taste which I never pretended to share, the only one of our joint interests in which the other did not participate. I feared it, although in my ignorance I could do nothing to chrck it. I had dim ideas that to a man clrcumstanced as my father was, snch study must develop any secret leanings towards fstalism. and it was a doctrine which he would have many excuses for embracing. Blt I was too ignorant to argue with himn, so I centented myself with keeping him from his boks always in the daytime and often in the evening; for we had improvised in one of the empty rooms a sort of billiard table, on which, I am convinced, we executed some of the most extraordinary strokes that a marker ever gazed upon. Then, too, we played chess often, and I tried, by every msans in my power, to keep him from turning bookworm. And, on the whole, I was not dissatisfied with my sucocess. CHAPTER XXXIV. It was one of those even ngs which, to any one acquainted only w.t? our English climate, seems like a foretaste of paradise, I sat before a tiny marble table at one of the open-air cufcs at the I eld of the Maina, listening idly to the musi of the band only a few yards off, and gazing over the peaceful, glistening seawhich stretched away in front. T'here were many people passing backward. and forwards, but my thoughts were far away, and I took notice of none of them. With my head resting upon my arm, and my arm upon the low balustrade, I had fallen into a semi-somnolent slumber of thought, and the faces of the people who lounged by chattering and laughing I saw only as figures In a dream. My cigarette even had burned out between my lips, and the coffee which stood by my side I had not tasted. The roadway was completely blocked with the carriages of the Palermitan nobility and elite, and the promenade was thronged with a heterogenous stream of fishermen and natives and visitors. All Palermo flocks on to the Marina at nightfall-as who would not !-to hear the band and breathe in the freshness of the sea, and with other objects very similar to those which attract promen aders an the esplanades of English watering places at a similar hour. Often I had amused myself by watching them, and looking out for English visitors; but to. night, early in the evening, I had seen a Sicilian countess who reminded me slightly of Maend, and my thoughts had flashed back I to Devereax, and remained there, heedless of my efforts to recall them, hovering around one fair face, whioh sometimes I feared was more to me than anything else in the world. What should recall them but the glad, amazed greeting of an English voicel I I sprang to my feet, and before me, her face I radiant with pleasure, and her little hand stretched out eagerly, stood Lady Olive. " Of all the strange meetings I ever heard of, Mr Arbuthnot, this Is the most extra. ordinary I" she exolaimed. "It quite takes my breath away I" I held her hand in mine forgetful of what I was doing-amazed and admiring. A warm olimate evidently suited Lady O ive, I for I had never seen herlook so oharming as she did then in her airy muslin dress which flated gracefully around her slight figure, I with a great bunch of light-colored violets in the bosom of her gown, and with a decided tinge of colour and delighted sparkle , in her eyes. "Mr Arbuthnot, am I a ghost that you look at me so without speaking i And youn really must let go my hand, please." I dropped it at ones. ". Lady Olive," I exolaimed, "I never met I any one whom I was so pleased to see l I Whatever stroke of good fortune brought you to Sicily?" "This," she laughed, laying her arm s within that of the tall, bearded gentleman 4 who stood wondering at her side. "Papa, this is Mr Arbuthnot. Mr Arbuthnot, my i fother, Lord Parkhurat." He held out his hand oordially. "Very glad to meet you, Mr Arbuthnot. a I have heard my daughter speak of you often." We were blocking up the crowded pro menade, and so we all three turned and walked leisurely along amongst the others. I In a few minutes I had heard that Lord Parkhurst had brought his daughter and I some other friends here from Rome in his yacht, and they were uncertain as to their I stay. And in rturn I had told them t hat I I was living with my father for a while close to Palermo. Presently we came up with the remainder ef the party, and Lord Parkhurst, leaving his daughter. in my charge, j ined them. I A tall, good-humoured- looking boy strolled up to us, looking at me questioningly. Lady Olive introduced me to her brother, who came over to my side, and seemed disposed to stay with us. "Now, we're not going to have you, a Frank," Lady Olive deolared, laughing. Mr Arbuthnot and I are old friends, and we have a lot to talk about. Go and take care of Clasy, do a" He laughed good-humouredly, and then, nodding to me, strolled off with his hands in his pockets. Lady Olive rested her little hand upon my arm for a moment, and then e guided me down towards the winter garden, 3 where the throng was less dense. There we found a low seat, and sat down with our faces towards the set and our backs to the I ever.inoreasing crowd, the murmur of whose a conversation reached us in an incessant I subdued hum. "And now, Mr Arbuthnot, tell me all a the news, please; I want to know every- p thing about yourself," exclaimed Lady Olive, makinog herself comfortable. " Quick, h please; we haven't more than half an hour before someone will be looking for me." " Half a minute will suffice to tell you my 0 news," I answered, and I told her the little that had happened to me sines Marten's C marriage. Told her of my meeting with my f father, and of our quiet life together. She I listened with more than interest; and very enchanting she looked in the golden light which shone upon her upturned, piquant face, and in her dark, tender eyes which I had almost filled with compassionate tears I when I had finished. For, after all, there was something sad about my story. -"I think it is so good of yen, Mr-Mr I Arbuthnot, to give up your life, as you are doing, to your father," she aeid, softly, f I laughed at the idea. " Give it up I It is no sacrifice. I like I being with him; and life isn't at all un pleasant out here, I can tell you." "Isn't it a little dull ?' she asked, hesitatingly. "I have not found it so," I told her. e "Perhaps I should when she was gone," I added. She gave a mooking laugh at me, and thea suddenly became grave again. "Mr Arbuthnot, I wonder whether you will mind," she said, looking at me very earnestly, "but papa knows your real name and all about you. I couldn't help telling him, becnase I have thought about you so much. You are not angry?" r s I smiled down at her reasuragly. Angry? Why ehould I bet Instead, I must nonfess that I felt a decided glow of pleasure at her eager words. Tell me something about yourself now," I begged, "and some English news, if there I i any." "English news I Well, old Sir Francls is moping worse]than ever since yonu left; Mr Rupert Dsvereux has written the novel of the season; Mr Francis, from what I can hear is going to the bad; and Mend-they say Mand is engaged to that little fop, Lord Annerley. Is that enough news 1" Yes. it was quite enough[ Something told me that she was watching for the effect of her words, and a sort of stubborn pride held my features rigid, and enabled me to answer lightly, and to put the words whlich I had heard away from me. We talked for a long time in low tones, exchanging reminiscences and speeches, my share of which I have often since repented. Bot to meet unexectedly a countrywoman, especlally so charming as Lady Olive, in a strange country, when yon have seen nothing but strange faces for many months, is suffiolent excuse for a little more than cordiality creeping Into the conversation. And then there was the Influence of the scene and of the night, an infinence which no one can properly appreciate who does not know what the long summer nights of Southern Eucope are like. Everything seemed steeped in a sort of languid. evwn'oeont beauty. The dark mountains stretching out like giant sentinels into the sllvery, glistening hay, the twinkling lights from the low. white houses, the asftencd strains of the band, the musky air heavily laden with the mingled perfume of the orange grove, the hyacinths, and the more aistant vineyards, and Lady Olive's beantiful dark eyes so 1 close to mine, and flashing with sauch a dangerously sweet light-all these seemed leagued together to stir my senses and my heart. If Lady Olive spoke in a lower tone and with a tenderer accent than she need have done, was I to blame, knowing her to be a flirt, if I followed suit ? The wonder is that I forbore to answer the mute in vitation of her eyes, and press my lips against the archly tender, oval face, which more than once almost touched mine. But for the thought that, gone from me for ever though she might be, Eand's kiss was the last upon my lips, asuradly I should have yielded to the fascination of that moment. Fewer and fewer became our words, cntll at last we ceased talking altogether, and remained silent, drinkiog in the exqdileto enjoymeuot of our surroundings, At last Lady Olive rose reloutantly. ""Mr Arbutbnot, we must really go. They'll be coming to look for us direotly, and, really, f it hadn't been too ridioaloas, people might almost imagine that we'd been spooning, mightn't they 1" She blushed as she smoothed down the folds of her white dress, and waited whilst I lit a cigarette. Certainly, if people had entertained that very ridoculous notion there would have been some exonse for hem, for our hands had been very close to gether-very close indeed-and there was a soft light in Lady Olive's lstronus eyes, which, to any one who had not known that she was a flirt, and could command them at will, might have suggested love-making. Oar tel?-d fete, such as it was, was over for the present, at any rate, for we had scaroely gone a dozen yards when we came upon Lord Parkhurst, with Miss Cissy, who, I found out afterwards, was LIdy Olive's youngest sister, and Master Frank. and a tall, sandy-haired man, with bushy eyebrows and an intelligent forehead, whom Lord Parkhurst introduced to me as Mr Barton Leigb. . We all walked up the promenade to gether, but presently Lord Parkhurst took an opportunity to draw me a little behind the others. " My dear fellow," he said, kindly, "my daughter told me all your sad history when she came to me from England. Do yen know, I should like to know your father, Mr Devereux, very much. My cousin was in his regiment, and always swore that there was some thing wrong about that court-martial, Do you think that he would mind my calling on him 1" I hesitated, at a loss how to decide. "Well, well. let it be until you have asked him," Lord Parkhurst went on, good-humouredly. "We shall hbe here for a week or two, at any rate and I hope that we shall see a good deal of you. We thought of going to see the convent at San Martino to-morrow. Will you join us 1" "The convent of San Martino!" I ex claimed. "Why, you willpass our house." "Indeed I Then we will look in and see your father on our way back, if he has no objeotion. You'll come in for an hour ?" We had reached the entranoe to the hotel, and Lady Olive was looking behind to see that I was following. But I shook my head. "I have a slr-mile ride over a rough country," I said, " and though the patience of mules is enpposed to be inexhaustible, experlence has taught me that that Idea is a popular delusion. I've keptmine waiting four hours already, and I really must go.'" "If you must, then," Lord Parkhurat said, holding out his hand, "where shall we see you to-morrowl" " I'll come and meet you if you'll tell me what time you'll start," They consulted and fixed upon an hour. Then I shook hands with Lady Olive and the rest of the party, and walked back along the now nearly deserted Marina to the inn where I had left my mule. Jaoko was a faithful beast and sure of foot. But he was slow, and by the time we had reached home it was past midnlght. My father was sitting up for me, poring over a musty old volume, whioh he laid down as I entered. "Hugh, my boy, I thought you were lost. Disgraceful hour, sir," he added, with a mild attempt at facetiounaess. I laughed, and throwing my whip into a corner, poured myself out a cup of coffee. " Father, what do you think has happened?" I explained. "I have met some English friends in Palermo." "Who are they 1" he asked, nervously. "Lord Parkhurst and his daughter. Lady Olive is a friend of Miss Deroreux's, and a very jolly little girl she is. My father nodded. "Glad you've been enjoying yourself," he remarked. "I hope they are going to stay for a time. They'll be company for you." "And you, too, father," I added, quickly. "Lord Parkhurst wants to call and see you. He knows all about us, and he seemed very anxious to make your acquaintanoe. Do you mind !" My father considered some time before he answered. I could see that the idea half pleased him, although he could not quite make up his mind to break through his old habit. "I don't think I should mind much, Hugh," he said at last. "But there is no one else, is there I" "Only a son, and two daughters. -Lady Olive is quite as anxious to know you as her father. Oh I and there's a fellow called Barton Leigh." Boarton Leigh " repeated my father. "Barton Leigh I There is no man whom I ehould like to meet more if It's the same Barton Leigh who wrote this treatise on Modern Mahometanism." "Same fellow," I declared, without heiatation. "He looks beastly clever, and Lady Olive said that he'd lived for years in Egypt with a tribe of Arabs. Same fellow for certain." " How strange I When are they coming, Hugh V" "' To-morrow," I answered, invoking secret blessings on the head of Mr Burton Leigh. "They ar coming this way to San Martino, and I was to let them know whether they might sall." To be Oonlinued. 