NOTHING IN THE PAPERS " GITC to airy nothing a* local." ** A new half-penny paper started in London with a capital of J2100,000. By the tick plague nearly all the cattle around Townsville have been killed. Judge: •* What's the charge ?" Policeman: "Drunk, your Honor." Judge (to prisoner): " What's your name ?" Prisoner: "John Gunn." Judge: " Well, Gunn, I'll discharge you this time, but you mustn't get loaded again.''—Exchange. Democracy in England has demolished the principle that the government of the country should be in the hands of the "gentlemen."—W. E. H. Leeky. Special form of prayer for the Post and Sail—" Give us this day our daily 'climb down.** The Post and Rail has again been made lick the dust, and it begs Mayor Ainsworth'B pardon in the following terms :— " An Explanation.—We reprint below a paragraph which appeared in the Morning Post of the8thinst. Owing to the omission of a full stop after the words " His Worship our worthy Mayor considers that an insult lias' been directed against'hinij-and takes exception to the paragraph in consequence. We can assure Mr. Ainsworth that no such meaning was intended by u^ and that it was simply a typographical error, for which we offer our apologies. Paragraph referred to.— "There is a leasant surprise in the supplement of the S[elbourne Leader this week. I call it a surprise because I was told there was a view of Geraldton inthepaper and a photo of His Worship The " Vagabond,"-who is supposed to be the author of the sup., and it is not a bad one either, but the likeness of H.S.A. and the view of Geraldton is a failure. Of course the latter may have been taken before the back yards were cleaned. The absence of the fever producing material perhaps makes the town | ook as if it had given up the ghost." No doubt, the next journalistic exhibition we shall witness is an apology from our contemporary for the fact of its continued publication. A few days ago Mr. O'Connor, M.L.A., for the Kimberiey district, informed bis constituents that he had " unbounded faith in the Forrest Government." By some mistake the word " unbounded " got altered to " abandoned " in the telegraphic report of the speech which was dispatched to Perth, and the face of * John the Promiser* fell till the error was rectified. It seems to us that the emendation shows an intelligent interest in current politics on the part of the telegraph operator. The Tbe Fitzgerald-street J?'itzgeraia-Brreec organ orgjwi is us becoming 1 U _ : 21.. ^AiJilniMM nAflM Nnf ftATI. apologetic iuits dediningyears. Not con-. I tent with taking back an „Jf insinuation that cut a telephone-fitter to the quick, and correcting a typographical error that •wounded the dignity of a high Civil official, it already shows signs of abandoning its former attitude of approval towards the efforts of a certain historic deputation. ""Were the Council right or wrong?" is the burden of its latest cry. O for the lyre of * UBIQUE ' to do justice to the occasion ! « Were the Council right or wrong ? " Is the burden of my song, Which is somewhat less a paean than a wail. Though I eulogised them gretaly, My opinion's changing lately, gays tha| vacillating sheet, the Post and Kail. i Though yon stated you'd succeeded, And got all the things we needed, We've got nothing vet to show you didn't fail, Hence, my faith begins to falter, And my previous views to alter, SayB that ficklepartizan, the Pott and Rati. , What though patriotism ruled you,. Can't you see the Premier fooled you, (Though he listened so politely to yonr tale) Leave to others drills and dredges, While youinind the roads and hedges. Bays that very candid friend, the Pott and Bail —Midsummer Nitfht'g Oman. 