The serious increase of late ot the rabbit pest in this colony is within a day or two to come prominentiy^mel^r the consideration of the Minister of' Lands, whose' attention is to be officially; drawn io the .matter'by the Premier, with the view, impossible, of minimising the evils - resulting from the ravages of the enormously prolific rodents. ! ^he* probaSAe result of such a nsultatipn that proposed, wiU' tie the re-introductioh .: previous to the iclose of the session in February next, of the recently thrown out i Bill""for the authorising : of : ah advance of £50,000 ont o! the trnst -funds to. the councils 'in iabbit in. fasted districts, to .enable; them.; fa, .' purcbaEe wire netting, to be sold "to fawiiers %rid' repaid ty tliem In ten annual instalments. Of icbtuse, in osing the tip^tlunds^Eor ^his purpose the. Government Jias . ample security for the repaymen t of -the advan ces,i^B iticau reserve to: itself 'ihe'tfight^tb stop the stun due^by an^ ahire -council aowmentf or .Of tte" license Somg jsnchA ^cheme wB^pestinthepresent ebelieve,4»e! putiininotibu.lyr'.the overnment, the membera 'of which are,^bf^ting4ihat .their ofer wilijb^ja^ <%>ted. nnhegitatingly lyjths conpt^ s-.f—' b, svhichare tnostdctrimentallj L^jr^ae^^SoJific ^me pests'^'At -steps are oft e d of rabbits lias for yeaf8^>abt^>eeia%ne 2 t V^m ave iadto deal, and altUoupi^aetipl t measures have- from time to time been resorted,fa^ these measnres have nljpgii.aUy eerved temporarjr purposes, and we ace qaifce as firmly jconviniced^that the soheme lias not yet be^i .evolved' in the most .contemplatisEor ^irigenionsly "disposed-train, that shall rid the colony to a desirable extent of the devastating creatures. Still,.the.;Governments tKe- pasFhaTO done much to assist t"he farmdrsiin the mStte^Tof reduping the pest in'the more settled areas as intich s .^ It .is now .about six. years since' £he operation, of- jhe Vjermin Destruction Act, under the provi sions of which eixty Tabbit inspectors were appointed and allotted to the c ifferent districts, and as the'resnlt of ipieir vigilance in prosecutions for non-compliance with the Act, the progress of the pest was certainly in a.'measure stayed. The present system of polics inspectors, without dditional pay, has been the result of etrenchment, tout no surer sign of the defectiveness of the present system could be found than in the fact that the very councils who were loud in their clamors for the substitution of police inspection in lieu of the - previously paid inspectors, are now longing for a return of the old system ct paid rabbit officers. After all, however, we think, under proper supervision, the rabbit" pest pay not prove an unmixed evil, for ihe experiments commenced last season in the export of hares and rabbits have certainly proved better than at first anticipated. Only the very best quality being acccpted, and the packing and freezing being well attended to, the experimental shipments have resulted successfully, and the trade, provided we continue on present lines, may be said to be established. Before any considerable expansion, however, can be expected to take place, there will have to be a great reduction in the ocean and railway freights for the carriage of hares and rabbits. The ocean freight for rabbits, according to our dairy expert^ is 90s per ton measurement— a certainly prohibitive charge for these cheap products. Mr Wilson has very clearly pointed out that this exorbitant charge, coupled with high railway freights, is calculated to cripple the development of an industry, that if given fair play would provide remunerative employment for a certain section of the -community who are practically unfitted for any occupation other than that of rabbit-trapping or a similarly easygoing life where no responsibility or trust exist. . Given cheaper freights and we favor the belief that the coming season will see a very large output of'"Victorian rabbits. Now, looking at the brightest side of this question, we find that while we have at our command a really limitless supply of rodents, we can command markets for them of an equally limitless extent, so that an industry of a most gigantic character is at our command which would prove remunerative for all time, and if thoroughly entered into, would give employment to a vast number of the population of the colony. Ail erroneous idea has long been rife anent the establishment in this colony of rabbit factories, to the e&ect; that where people earn their living by supplying rabbits to the factories, it is to their interest not to exterminate them and abolish their means of livelihood, bat rather to maintain and increase those means. We wonld rather believe that the cause of the enormons increase of the pest is found more in the presentdefective administration of the Act than in the intentional neglect on the part of those wliose daily employment is the trapping of rabbits for the supply of the various factories. Up to the present time the two principal systems adopted in this colony for the destruction of rabbits have been the wirenetting and the poisoning processes. Of the two the former we maintain, -while it has been quite as successful, has very many advantages, and we think that by an extensive utilisation of netting for the purpose, and also with determination and perseverance by all concerned, not only would the pest be kept within something like reasonable limits, but an impetus would be given thereby to an industry that wonld in due time provide a large amonnt of employment of remunerative kind, too mauyof which t is impossible for a colouy iike ! this to have. At St Paul's Church on Sunday evening the Rev. Dr. Stacey Chapman concluded his sermon on " The Consummation of the Age.' Briefly referring to the portions of the text dwelt on in the previous sermon, delivered from Ephesians, 1st c. 10th v., the rev. gentleman essayed to make clear the inferences to be drawn from the explanation of the terms snsation," " times," and "gathered together," as given in the previous sermon on the summing up of all things In Christ—The Consummation of the Age—the restorationof man to God by the regenerating power of the Holy Ghost : Br Chapman referred ing terms to the tendency of modern novelets to regardthe Gospel of Christ as old-fashionel inculcating the new doctrine of morality "without religion. We knew (said Hie preacher) that without redemption through the blooj-of Jesus Christ wc had no pat-t in the kingdom of Heaven. The signs. oftUe Hm« seemed to indicate the end of all things. , K not of theiworld, we were fast approaching -oar own end. If not clothed in the wedding garment of Christ's righteousnesswe wonld surely be cast into outer darkness. In the buildiug of. te.'.'Temple' all 'waste "material' cast away, -so in the Kingdom of Christ] sin. was excluded. ; The Bible was very' clear ,in._, afl^Jeadhings. pa that,^ point j He exported all present'to.see it, that tiicy' fwere made new creatures in -Christ regenaated by the power of the Holy Ghojst, 1 ... . th^y mightHakepart- in -the coneummation of the age, the gathering together of arijffigB&iTO;&tP; • ' • ' , v. -.I.:.' -u ii.w, Hii .•=. ...... a U -Aowmts are awaiting payment at , the KyMton Sub-Treasury for the following :— fcl^-fclgSI* Dr Sleeman, H.Whja MgJtjan; ^Holmes, E. Lambert. • -.-•>jw, ' .Publicans are reminded is»the^t^y-for-t«^ingouttcgtIfi(Ml^it .bcuij£"iiie ! .£8t3i aay 4rom- Licensing Court " " Mr H. E. Be^ ihc'maiSgcr of the local branch ofjthe.Sank.of 3Tcw Sont^jj^ales,^ .shpllday at, MOTmngton/ am uring' hiB e ateence'%om JKyneton':|£r B. Reynolds jmll he aelifle manager. 5 yctoa ®f*ageT t Vas'*dmiiie4 Jo ^tarfe paent of tiieSynctAn ^^&vcr.; "TH^'^^e Jjfiy fcaselM flie ent. Mr William Thomas Cornish, has been ap pointed to act temporarily as Clerk to the Castlemaine Mining Board, vice Mr. S. H. Clark, deceased. Mr. Frederick Dunn has been appointed analyst for the Dayleford Borough Council vice Mr John Kruse, deceased. Pariament will again open this afternoon after "its brief Christmas recess. The first the Electric Light BilL Preference is to be giv^i To this measure, on the ground that its labor. A Jill} is to te introduce*^ sanctioning further expenditure yn)ca|mfectiop*~Jvitii jthe construction of the Jumbunna to Outtrim railway. The House will then go into committee on the Railway Bill. The firstreading of the Companies' Bill will be formally moved to-night. This will be the chief featured the ktter part of thesession. -The second reading of the Federal Enabling Bill •will be moved to-night in the Legislative Council' We notice from our Johannesburg exchanges just to hand that Messrs Chudleigh l Brothers are carrying on a very large drapery business there, and are most extensive advertisers throughout the South African Republic. The Messrs Chudleigh are brothers to Mr Chudleigh, of this town. At Mimba West a day or two ago a boy named Mann fell head first into a can of cream, and was smothered. Our office wag wants to know whether it was a case of crcam-afed. We can only reply that possibly it-was a case of cream-otect, but how much of that cream was "ated" we may never know. At an early hour yesterday morning George Ott, 62 years of age, residing at Mt. William, near Lancefield, died at the Kyneton Hospital from maligant disease of the prostrate gland. The deceased was admitted a fortnight ago, and had been suffering from the disease for the past 10 years. The body will be'taken to Lancefield to-day for inter' mcnt. The following new insolvency has taken place:—Abel James, Malmsbuiy, chemist. Liabilities, £106; assets, £1612s; deficiency) £89 Ss.. Causes of insolvency—Falling off business. W. Adams, assignee. The Rev. Father Keating, of PortFaiiy. a visit to Melbourne, has lost a purse containing £13 in £5 notes and a cheque for £124 12s. A foolish rumor gained currency in the town on Sunday evening to the effect that man had been discovered in the mill pond, near the racecourse, with his neck broken. That he had been conveyed to the hospital and died just after his arrival. Suffice it say that neither the Kyneton police hospital authorities know anything about such an accident. How the rumor originated is best known to the originator, at any rate the individual who was supposed to have broken his neck kuows nothing about it. A well-known printer has been the means of jeopardisingthe souls of thesevcral heads of several highly respectable business firms Taradale and Malmsbury by inserting adver. tisements and delivering to them a quantity of almanacs without recciviug from them orders for same, thus calling forth prayers the reverse ot polite. Repudiation, accompanied by growls, deep and ominous, being the order for the printer's sublime impudence. THE OBSERVES "and Metcalfe Shire News luckily has not'won such unenviable notoriety. At a sub-committee meeting of the Agricultural Society yesterday evening, with Dr Main, president, in the cliair, appointed for the purpose of discussing recommendations be submitted to the special meeting of committee to be held on Thursday next, to arrange as to the holding a race meeting and bazaar, it was moved by Mr Brady, after discussion, that it be recommended to the special meeting that a race meeting be held on Queen's Birthday, 24th May, and that the co-operation of the Race Club Committee be invited. This was seconded by Mr Hoyle, and carried. Mr Crewthcr moved that some bicycle races be held, in connection with the meeting, and the co-operation of the bicycle club be invited. The motion was seconded by Mr Hoylc, and carried. It was also resolved, on the motion of Messrs Hoyle and Forstcr, to recommend to the committee that a bazaar and Bruce auction be held on a date hereafter to be fixed. Mr Forster moved, and Mr Crewthcr seconded, that it be recommended to the committee that socials be held in their different districts in order to raise funds for the starting of the bazaar. William G rod well, who is known Kyneton as having recently been conducting Dr Mclnerney's business here, has evidently got into trouble. Last night's Herald has the following:—" A respectably-dressed man named William Grodwell was before the City Court to- day on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for £2, which purported to bear the signature of Dr McInerney barrister, of Collins street Hie cheque was uttered on Mr J. A. Wilson, licensee of the Palace HoteL Grodwell represented, so Wd Detective Ward, that he had been in the employ of Dr M-Inerney, and that lie had received tlie cneqnc 1 as wages. As the latter was absent from the colony, a remand for a week was granted, bail being allowed in two sureties of £25 and himself in £50." A boy named William Reddie, aged 11 years, was bathing on Saturday in Johnson's Bay at Pyrmont, New South Wales, when he was caught by a shark, and so terribly mutilated that he died speedily afterwards. Serious disturbances have broken out in Venezuela, where the Government was last reported, to lie fortifying the ports and harbonrs and preparing for a war with England. Popular risingsare taking place, and the "country i65fleclaiied by to be in a state of revolution...Great Britain is accused ..by "the: Venezuelan authorities of instigating the outbreak' ' A strange disease -has .broken out on the barque Lothair, at Nelson. "There have been five fatal cases. The disease commences with uselessness or paralysis of the feet and legs which creeps upwards to the stomach till it reaches a vital part. There is no pain, swelling or loss of appetite or spirits, and no vomiting. All ate heartily throughout. Seven men, including the captain, are still suffering, and they; too, have excellent appetites. Their legs are almost useless. They stagger in attempting to mount the gangway. It is possibly attributable to the poisonous-cbaracter of the ship's food or water, or poisonous exhalations from tbe cargo. ^ A -meeting of master dairymen was held In Melbourne on Thursday evening with the t newof forming «n assooafion'amongst themtRlTCS^iA draftol proposed rale*vyas *c» •whiqh the principal object • of *he ;asBociati is stated to "be the promotion of a gbpcl business understanding amongst its members _ Power isjba&n; topay'anr«imly8t totcst mil^and dairymen^who 'join 'teewwabe^A 1 sign a borfrl that they will ftttde^IgjJhfiiiiles and«nd£$VQur -to ^cany-Out the .rules <£ jthe aastfelaboSs/'' Mr »$.lH T slkd-: ^ i^BQnSgp ^tinnSttyMr-a. f indam-vloe-ohaiEma^A •was then elected. " *•*•••- A wool barge named the Lancadilre Witdi, - with 600 bales of wool, has foundered in the " Murray. The most of the wool lias been recovered, andfalar^econsignmentofMildura dried fruit was likewise saved from damage, g Arrangements. |iave, now. been '^completedfor apportioning Sic colony into "districts for the purpose of geological survey, and officers have been detailed to do the work as follow.-^Mi Himtetsnd-partyiiiGippsland, with Bairnsdale as centre; Mr H. G. Whitelaw at Omeo, Mr Forbes and party at Alexandra. Mr Lidgey at Ballarat and the southern parts of the colony, and Mr Moon will survey the remainder of the colony, including Maryborough. The object is to make rapid geological surveys over the areas named, and to assist mining in every pos- sible way. ' During "the first week of the year, ending on' Tuesday, t}ie revenue -of the Custom8 department reached the large total of £84,000. As the estimate, was £44,000, there is an excess of £40,000 to set against the oss of £65,000 compared with the estimate in the previous half-year, leaving a shortage of £25,000 to be made np. There has been a' [Considerable fall in the receipts on tobacco, which the trade attributes to a reduction in consumption, due to a large number of the tobacco consuming class having left the colony. For the past three years experiments have been undertaken^ at Port Fairy- .for the Department of Agriculture in growing various, kinds of wheat with the view of ascertaining the best rust resisting varieties. About 300 kinds were tried at first, but by careful selection this number was reduced this year to between 80 and 90. Mr D. M'Alpine, Government Vegetable Pathologist, has carefully examined the plots recently, and he has discovered only the slightest traces of rust. Present appearances point to Rooney's Rust Resisting as being the best yielder, as the cars show 5 grains across, while over 100 grains may be counted in the separate ear. A carrier named Joseph Boon, from the Mitta Mitta district, has sustained a heavy loss" during the past two weeks through the death of several working bullocks. The bullocks have been grazing in a paddock on the Wodonga Flats, and it was surmised had eaten a poisonous weed, causing death. An examination of the animals showed symptoms that the mortality was due to anthrax, or Cumberland disease. To decide the matter the local stock inspector collected some of the blood contained in the spleen of the dead animals, and forwarded it, together with specimens of the supposed poison plant to the chief inspector of stock, Melbourne, for analytical examination. A reply has been received to the effect that the blood sent had been found to contain the bacilli of anthrax. The supposed poisonous herb had been submitted to Baron Von Mueller, who stated that the plant was the cuslata, commonly called in Britain the " dodder," which was not re garded as poisonous. "Confidence" men still exist in Melbourne. A miner named William Edmond son, who Was passing through Melbourne en route for West Australia had a most nnpleasant experience with two of those a day or two ago in Collingwood. One of the latter induced Edmondson to believe that he, too, intended going west, and on their adjourning to a hotel, a third man, who was a friend of the " confidence" man, was discovered. Drinks were called for and the "paper" trick indulged in, by which Edmondson was qnickly relieved of £45. The result is that a man named Byrne has been arrested on a charge of wife desertion, and defrauding Edmondson. The accused has been remanded to South Melbourne. In' the Bendigo district during the past year there have been 42 insolvencies, 41 being voluntary and one compulsory. The debts owing by insolvents amounted to £22,233 8s 5d., whilst the assets totalled £21,505 13s 4d, which leaves a deficiency of £728 5s Id. In 1894 there were 58 insolvents, whose debts amounted to £22,894 3s and assets to £15,616 13s, leaving a deficit of £7277 10s. The list of insolvents for 1895 comprises the following :—Blacksmiths, 2 ; hotelkcepcrs, 3 ; laborers, 3 ; miners, 15 ; wheelwrights, 3; wood carters, 3 ; farmers, 2; and one each auctioneer, boardinghouse keeper, blacksmith, carter, civil servant, creamery manager, grazier, nurseryman, painter, plumber, railway man and timber merchant. Some severe fighting,according to the news by the steamship Tsinan, has occurred on Formosa between the natives and the Japanese. A despatch from the Governor-of Formosa states ithat a • small band of soldiers were ordered to the vicinity of Taibyo, where mobs were reported to be gathering. When they reached the place the soldiers were surrounded by about 1000 natives, and desperate fighting occurred. The insurgents were dispersed, and 60 of them were killed aqd only one Japanese. Another detachment left Hasan to subdue some rioting along the . course of the Tamsui River. They encountered a stubborn resistance near to Ko Ko. In the fighting200 or '300 insurgents were killed. The loss on the Japanese side was small. Later in the day a reconnoitring party was attacked by the natives and 50 of -the enemy were killed and pnly three Japanese. On Wednesday last Mr Kelton, o£ Daylesford, the Advocate says, went on a fishing excursion to Hepburn's lagoon, Newlyn, and returned nitfc several nice specimens of perc Three of those were .cooked on 'Thursday t wo being of good size ond one smaller in dimensions. Mrs Kelton and two children ate tie large ones and Mr Kelton the small one. Towards evening Mrs r Kelton and children became faint and ill, and Dr Willis was called in.' As the symptoms were those of poisoiiiijg the usual remedies were successfully applied and the sufferers recovered. ^ Mr Kelton does not eeem' to have been pff»r*vA It is believed that some poisonous "mJqcra} gets, into tic lagoon, water, and When there is not sufficient inflow to canae .an overfiow the fish become impregnated with it, and become unfit for human consumption!' Several other persons hare, at various times, shown symptoms of poisoning after eating fishfrom the Mr Buckley's riight^scbool (or boys is now jjpgp^^lhe course includes^ matriculation *Thfe an n tl aimnrwnftt^t rim/.uH n. *Jl Club will be held at the Newmarket hot<^ on thcSDthingtusf"; j; . •i-iAn ^ippUcabon-.for- the teandei of grocer's license from Mr Edwaid Gniliam, of Piper-Btreet, to. Midiad, Crottyis advertised in another column." • " ;.- . .Qln jelectoralrevision conrt'will'tje'held lut pe Dottrt house, Kyneton, at 10 aad. on the llthprox. \- -- it • A meeting of creditors in the insolvent «tate of "Robert .BVophev, " i Bomsey," -wte"ield rostort M'Lood, -chieE fefcrt.^ tfcj j^a. jB«U clected trustee and the meeting •nambr^tfi pjn^*tt^e Temneranoe»alLs ' iGto naraday Mesa? Fwhaid Col wiUMl at«he&ir; yaids fat and store cattl^^,^ i^je KmjoBSSfgE Aptaa ^mok^flnjin i ^ f H t S a l - l ^ m f ^ ^ l her firstcigarette at lour o'clock, "'f; The Castlemainc correspondent of the Argus writes:—At a late hour on Friday night two men forcibly entered the Railway Hotel, at the northerrn end of the Botanical-gardens, at North Castlemaine, and ransacked the place. Having entered an upstairs room, one held a tomahawk over Mrs Ellen Corkhill, the licensee, who it very old and infirm and lives alone, and threatened to strike her with the weapon if she made any noise. One man had his face blackened, and the other wore a slouch hat, which almost covered his face. The robbers rifled a chest of drawers of its con tents, cbntaining one sovereign and £1 in silver, and then ordered Mrs Corkill down stairs, to show them where more monev was kept. There was, however, no more cash in the hotel. Before leaving they took some liquor, and one of the men drew the blade of the tomahawk across Mrs Corkill's neck, and threatened to kill her if she screamed. Sergt. Salts on Saturday morning despatched Constables Jones and O'Loughlin in pursuit of the robbers, and they proceeded as far as Ravenswood without finding their where abouts. On Saturday afternoon Sergeant Salts received a telegram from Constable Lysaght, of Kangaroo Flat, stating that a swagman had been arrested there with a box of cigars, a quart bottle of Mitchell's whisky, and a bottle of brandy in his possession. The accused, who is believed to be one of the burglars, arrived at Kangaroo Flat by the first down train that morning. He will be brought to Castlemaine, when Mrs Corkill will be asked if she can identify him. Persons liable to pay income tax will be interested in an announcement made by Mr. Prout Webb that the schedules for 1895 can be obtained at the various officcs throughout the country the same as last year, and that the returns must be lodged on or before 3rd February. The largest police station in the world is the new Scotland Yard, London, in which 3000 officers can be accommodated. 