. THE NOVELIST. WITHIN HER GRASP. ; ;Br M&Blf-; H. ^TENNYSON. .Author of-" Friend Perditas,'' "Love Will -FindQut the WAv," "Paid in Full,'.' "The Myetery of Holmleigh," &o.; CHAPTER XXII. On feaehing home and letting myself in with my latch-key as usual, I was a little surprised \- to see Morns come forward, and, an action en joining silence, beckon mc mysteriously into the dining-room. "Talk softly, Mr. Be*," he said, in a whisper; "I don't want master to know I have _ bad atiy conversation, with you." The old fellow's manner startled me. •' Where is Sir Robert?" I asked anxiously; * * is there anything wrong, Morris?" "Oh, no, Sir, I hope not; but master is a bit over-excited, and is lying down in his room." ^ " Why, what hap happened?" " Well, Sir, that's what master will tell you himself; 1 only called you in to give you a warning. Master has had some explanations this morning which have altogether altered his opinions on certain subjects. I am glad of it, for I never believed what he did; but what I wanted to say is this, Mr. Rex. Don't you ask master any questions; hear what he's got to say, and be satis6ed with what he tells you. I know you are not inquisitive, Sir"—this was true, indeed, having such a horror of being questioned myself.I never took the initiative this way— "but still when young folks are in terested nothing is more natural than for them to ask for an explanation of what they don't understand, and this won't do witli master. Bow go up to him at once." " Well, I muttered, as, much perplexed, I walked slowly upstairs; " it seems as if to-day were to be a day of revelations; but whatever it is, it is fortunate something has occurred to distract my uncle's attention from me." tfir Robert was lying on his sofa, but his cheek was flushed and his eyes shone with the old feverish light. ' " Ah, lad," he said, stretching out his hand, which trembled visibly. "I thought you would never come. What time is it? "Nearly 5, uncle; don't you feel well this afternoon?" , _ A t once I recognised the wisdom of Morris's warning. Even this innocent enquiry on my part fretted and irritated my uncle's over strained nerves. " Why should you take it for granted that I am ill simply because I ask the time?" he said peevishly. "I fancied it was later; but there is nothing wonderful in that." I did not answer; I never did when my uncle's constitutional infirmity affected him in this way; and by-and-by the angry con traction of his brows relaxed, and, with a sigh of regret for his own want of control, he con tinued— " I won't ask you to forgive my ill-temper, boy; I have tested your good- nature often enough to take it for granted now." " I have gained a reputation for good-nature very easily, uncle, I am afraid," I an swered with a smile; "if I am never tried more than you try me, I shall come off very well." Here I stopped, for I saw he was not listening to me; he had closed his eyes, and the anxious pucker had reappeared in his forehead. Scarcely daring to move, filled with the keenest curiosity, I waited, until at last he fixed his glittering eyes on me again, and with nervous hesitation recommenced. "Rex, I have had a great surprise this morning." "Indeed, uncle," I responded ; " a pleasant surprise, I hope." " Well, yes," he went on with a heavy sigh— "it is pleasant when we can receive a dear friend into our hearts again, even when doing so we are obliged to humble ourselves by admitting that wc have been guilty of cruel injustice towards him." " Uncle," I said gently, " the wisest man on earth is mistaken 'sometimes. I am certain that your injustice has arisen from a mis take." He pressed my hand in his. "Thank you, dear lad," he murmured affec tionately: "it was a mistake indeed. I cannot, tell you "much about it, Rex; the sub ject is too painful." "Don't tell me anything, uncle," I inter rupted hastily; "why should you distress yourself?" Again, quite unwittingly, T had fallen into the error of administering my consolation in the form of an enquiry, and my uncle tossed his handsome head as does a sensitive well bred horse when it perceives something ob noxious in its path, as he answered — "Why should I distress myself?" you ask. "I shouldn't, you may depend, need lessly." Then, quieting aown again, ne continued— " I received a letter this morning from a man I have injured terribly in my thoughts. You know, or no doubt you have surmised—that my married life was a most unhappy one" I bent my head in acquiescence, but I thought it safer not to speak, and niy uncle continued— " I fell into the fatal error of marrying a young woman when I was past sixty years of age. My wife was twenty-two, and I was forty years her senior. You see I must have been a fool to expect any different result from Buch an unequal match. For some years my wife kept up a semblance of affection for me, and then she left me. I shall enter into ho details of that miserable affair; it would do neither you nor roe any good to drag them forth. I will only tell you that a year before I communicated with you my wife died, and as a crowning act of deception she sent me a letter, written at her dictation while she lay upon her death-bed, instilling into my mind poisonous doubts of a young man I had always held in the warmest affection. Heaven for give-her! what she wrote sounded plausible, and I, believing her, shut my doors and my heart against.the offender, refusing to see or heat' from him. This morning mv eyes have been' opened. Under cover to Morris, this map, my.godson, has written entirely excul pating himself, and proving his innocence of the gross charge which had only just come to bis Knowledge." "Heaven be thanked for that!" T cried heartily. " What a relief it must be to you to be able to take him into favbur again." • ""You are a warm-hearted; impulsive fellow, Retf," he said kindly. "A less unselfish lad ' would have been occupied in thinking how this alteration in my feelings might affect, him." I raised my eyebrows in surprise, for the moment I did not follow him. And, speaking With more difficulty, Sir Robert went on— "I have told you all this merely as a prelude to what I feel_bound to say to you. You must know, Rex, it was my original intention to make this godson of mine my heir." I conld not repress a start, though I would have given ten years of my life to have heap able to maintain an immovable face. My oncfe noticed the movement, and a look of pain came into his eves as .he proceeded nastily— - . , •• " It was my Intention, X say, bnt {promised him nothing. To be brief, what"! wish-yon to understand is this. vMy godson's presence will hot make any difference to the arrange ment existing between me and your mother." This was absolutely the first time my mother's, name had been spoken between us, and my heart thrilled as I heard it. "In the letter I wrote to her," be con tinued, shading his eyes withhis hand, " I rhade certain promises; these promises 1 will hdfilto the ntmost.-Under any circumstances, therefore, my godson will be* told clearly at once that he has absolutely nothing to expect. from me as regards the future." " It is hard for him, "T said. "I know it," Sir Robert cried excitedly; "but it cannot he helped. I have given my word, and I mean to abide by it." I was about to speak again, but he raised his hand with an imperative action. "Say no more, dear lad, but leave me now. I shall not be down to dinner. My godson is coming this evening. I shall keep quiet till then. Remain at home, Rex, in case I want you. God bless you, dear boy. I have had so much to think and talk about of my own that I have never asked you howyOu fared. Are you happy, Rex?" Casting my eyes down with a flushed face I answered— " As happy as f can be, uncle, when I think how I am standing between you and this gentleman." " You must not let that make you unhappy. Rex," Sir Robert said very earnestly. Jack will do well in the world, I hope, without my money; but if he does not it is no fanlt of yours. Now go, I have talked too much." Surely hours never passed so slowly as they did that evening. The excitement of the day had rendered me nervous and restless, and me uevourmg curiosity j now reit to Know more of the antecedents of the man to whom I was about to be introduced tended to increase my agitation. My food was sent away un tested, notwithstanding all Morris's efforts to tempt me, and by 8 o'clock I was back in my own room, and almost immediately after wards a vigorous knock at the front door warned me that the dreaded stranger had arrived. How weak I am, after all," I murmured faintly; " the summons seems to fall upon my ears like a knell. Why should I fear him? My uncle will not swerve from his word, of that I am certain, and yet I feel the strangest horror of meeting this man." I opened my door just a crack, and listened. In the distance I could hear a low conversa tion, and a curious trembling, forwhich I could not account, seized upon me. Supporting mv3elfbythe door, I opened it yet a little wider, and as I did so the murmur suddenly died away, and I heard my uncle's door closed gently. For half an hour I paced my room excitedly from end to end, but still they did not send for me. At last I felt I could bear it no longer, and I went in search of Morris, whom I found wandering aimlessly about the hall, his ordinarily calm, precise face flushed and anxious. " Is my uncle's friend with him, Morris?" I asked. "Yes, Sir; he's been there for more than half an hour. I'm afraid that master will be I overdoing it, and yet I daren't go without be ing sent for. But there, lor' bless my heart, t Mr. Rex, you look as white as a ghost. What's J the matter with vou, Sir?" I "I don't know, Morris," I answered. "I don't feel well. I am not in good condition, I think, and the heat was terribly oppressive- on the river to-day." "Ah," he said, nodding his head sympa thetically, " very likely it is that. I was afraid, perhaps, you might be feeling lonely, and out in the cold like; there's nothing makes a young cheek so white as a heart-ache. And," continued the old man, with natural tact, " if that had been so I would have taken the liberty of saying; don't you foar, Mr. Rex; master is constant and true. Once he takes you into his heart you remain there, unless yon turn yourself out by deceit or other wrong doing." [ I nodded my head to show my appreciation 1 of his kindness, but I dared not trust myself to speak nor to look him in the face. I knew that my voice would falter and that my eyes were full of tears. For the second time that day I had nearly broken down. "What will become of me," I thought, "if this weakness should increase?"_ Startled at the mere supposition, the hyste rical inclination passed away for the time, and I managed to say calmly enough — "If I had something to do T should feel better no doubt, Morris; hut Sir Robert wishes me to stay at home, and I am too rest leas to settle down to reading." " And very natural, too, Mr. Rex; reading is poor work after all; I don't hold with too much of it, but what do yon say to going into the music-room a bit? We could light up there in a minute." I felt that it would l>e the very thing of all others I should like at that moment; for in all moods I could find relief and consolation in music, but I answered hesitatingly— "They would hear me, Morris. I should be interrupting them." " No, yon wouldn't, not the least in the world, Mr. Rex," the old man answered promptly; " yon can't hear a note from the music-room where master is." I knew I could trust hirn, so I made no further demur, aud when they had lighted three or four of the lamps I dismissed the ser vants, and, taking my guitar, commenced at once to pom out my troubles and grievous doubts and fears through the medium of my sa Idest and most plainti ve melodies. As I lifted up my voiee the heavy burden which lay upon me seemed to grow lighter, and at length a strange warmth began to creep into my heart. How long I sang I know not, but very soon misty visions conjured up by the power of music came between me and the realities by whicrF I was surrounded. I was no longer playing a part; I was myself, Margery Howard, 'and round ere were grouped all those I Had ever loved. Then a curious thing happened. I did it un consciously at the time, but l'arfj aware of what I did now. So thoroughly had the music taken posses sion of my soul that I closed my eyes, and chauntcd my own thoughts in a weird musical rhythm. "Mother! Lucy! Yon are there! you are there! Stay with me a little longer; lay your coyl hands upon my brow, and press your lips to mine. Oh, 1§£ mc lean my head upon your breast, mother, for there alone shall I find peace and rest. I am starving for your love. John, John, why do'"you stand aloof? Have you no word for me, not one, and my heart is so sad and lonely ?" * But all at once my chaunt ceased, and I sat motionless and breathless, gazing straight in front of me. I dared not lift my eyes, for ah awful dread had seized upon me. _ The very air seemed full of home; had the spirits J had invoked come to me in very truth? < I Wiping thedewsfrom my forehead, at last t f^netd myself to torn far head. Then with a stifled shriek I flung my arms wildly in the air, and dropped fainting upon the floor. In the centre of theroom, with both hands outstretched towards me, and bis face quiver-: ing with emotion, stood John Murray 1 