J||$ JSi#niteuBJj+ Iranldin's Folly. i — « — . ' 'I do not undrestand,' Isola faltered, wearily. Why did ho speak like this when , every momt/ntonly added to her torture ,. and her paii-?' , ' You know, Sir Roland fell asleep, and in a dream saw tho woman he loved, ? ' only to find that she was a prisoner in an enchanted caBtle, and to free her . ' from the spell, ho must endoro tempta ?,'?) tion, difficulty, and danger. He loved ' ' . her well enough to conquer all, though ' lie had only seen her in a vision, ana in the end, of coarse, he won her, and lived happily ever afterwards. It is a pretty story, is it not?' ' Tea,' Ieola faltered, and began to tremble, for, in some vague way, it oc curred to her that these words were not so idle as i they seemed, that he must have qom&v; object in telling ,heri this \ tale. \- - 'Last night, like Sir Boland de Vaux, I had a vision of a woman I could love, only in my case I wos awake, and knew, it was no dream. I wa3 in this .very room, Miss Dare, and in the small ' hours of the morning I heard a ghostly footfall. Let me confess at once that I thought of poor Dame Dorothy, whose ,., spirit is said to appear as the forerunner of onr misfortunes, and when I went ont into the hall my suspicion grew, into a certainty, for I saw a tall white figure, with long golden hair , then, as it came nearer, I knew it was no ghost,' but a living, breathing woman, although she was unconscious of my presence — for she ' was walking in her sleep.' With a cry Isola spraDg to her feet ; t.iVnn'- nariabd inif.fi . hnfli .linnrla ficylitlv clasped upon! the high, carved back of an ' old priedien .chair., ' Ah,' she sobbed, faintly, V then you - know — you know ? ' ' I know what I have long suspected, that that black hair and hideous dress are all part of a disguise, for you were \- the sleep-walker who startled me last night.' ' Forgive me,' she whispered, inco herently. ' I have never done each a thing before ; bat I was weary; last night, [and full of trouble over what I have to tell yon to- day.' I knew nothing until I woke this morning, and found myself wearing my shoes and dressing wrapper still ; then I guessed what I must have done, but I hoped no one had seen me, that no one guessed the ? trpth.' Sir Philip was close to her side now, and laid hia strong, cool hand upon the feverish fingers that grasped the chair. ' You are not sorry that I saw you, ' , I hope 1 for you have been my Gwen dolen, and I want to be a Sir Roland to you.' ' What are you saying ?' she cried, not daring to understand. 'Now you , Icnow what I am in reality, you must . hate me for this disguise,' ' I think you were foelish to wear it —that is all ; but it is a very clever one, -. for had I not seen your eyes without their glasses, that day under the Folly, I doubt if ever I should have recognised you. Howevor, aB it was, I knew you ' almost at once, and then the spell was complete. No — do not spoak yet— hear all I have to say. Once before I told 1 you, you were sinned against, not sin ning ; I thought so then, I am sure of it now. You are an enchanted castle of great trouble, and I want to be the champion who will free you from the spell.' 'You do not know how hard the task will be. Ah !'— her cajmness deserted her suddenly, sho thrust both hands before her with a terrible, sobbing cry—' I am so utterly alone against the whole world 1' ? ?? '.Not : alone, while I am hero,' Sir , Philip answered, ' If the task is hard, ; ' I am not afraid ; only trust me, Isola, ? and I will give up my life to freeing you.' ' Who will do this forme? Why, v what am I to you ?' '? The woman I love.' j 'You— you rlove me,, a uameleBB, \- woman, who has'orept into your house in \- disguise ? Sir Philip, you are mad — you ? do not know what people say I am !' ? He laughed happily. ' Franklin's folly is proverbial, you know, and as I am a Franklin, you must , hot expect mo to be very wise. iBnt, \- seriously, I think I have guessed tho »* truth, and whether I am wright or wrong) I want to make you my wife.' 'Your wife? Impossible!' ' Not if you love me, as I think yon do. No, you shall not escape ; I will hold you fast, unless you will look into my eyes and tell mo you havo no love to give me, Ah ! I thought as muoh, my love, my life, my own !' She had straggled in his clasp with an heroio attempt at self-sacrifice that ;-, should trust him from her, because of her -*- own nnworthiness. ' But his arms held ' her, his breath was hot upon her cheek, 'i his will dominated hers. Her strength ' faltered ; she made one last effort, then ( , her head sank upon his brenst, and she [ - clung to him in a silont ecstacy of love ?; and hopo, too deep for any words. r-' ' \ He was reckless in his joy. Ho i ' lifted tho disfigaring spectacles, so that J her blue eyes could look for an instant '' into his, and removed the ugly black \- wig, to let tho masses of her golden hair 1 ' fall over her shouldors. How beautiful she was — ten times more beautiful than :' ever Bhe had been' in the ghostly raorn ^ ing light, for now her face wos radiant, ', ' and her eyes were bright with the great ' giadness of love, that shono like a halo . round her. 'My love,' he whispered again, ' I wtll freo you from this trouble. I will win you before all the, world, and every one will onvyVmo and my beautiful ' wife.' His words woko hor irotn her trance ' of hafpiness. Sho broke from his clasp and sank upon her knoas at )-is feet, hor head bowed, her glittering hair falling ID golden waves to the floor around. 11 Stop, stop !' sho cried. ' I havo no right to listen to such words, for you do not know who I am, or you would shrink from me. I am Iris Dainton — the woman who all tho world says mur dered Sir Rufus Main waring upon their wedding eve.' ' I guessed as much,' Sir Philip said and kissed her gently. ' (To be Continued.) 