lifers (/ ( ' /V Athena Claudiuo in not doing anything i-i London yot. Wallaoo Brownlow io working a olaiin at Nlapnra, W.A. Thoy opont .£10,000 on a production of 'Moato Crioto' in Pnria. W. Eltou liao f»ono to South Africa with Sourollo. Owon Hurria aloe). Lilld Wildo i« with No. 2 'Sinn of tlio Croon ' Co. in tlio English provinoca. Jamon Noi-rio Ims (jot murriad. IIo Biugn ' My Bluo-oyod Irish Hoy' raoro than ovor now. Mny Yolni'B now pioco, ' Tlio Bollo of Cairo,1' in n norioN of vriadfalla from tho Rood old obuotuut troo. Ariioh Ktiifthtn and E. W. Thomas aro not oomiii[,' out with Thornton. They go to Auiorina iustoud. Goorge Rignold told Molbonrno nowap:'.per_ raon that ho intoudod toopon at Sydney Royal in ' Iloury V.' John Fordo ia tho original Captain Cor coran in 'Pinnforo' ami Dr. Daly ia 'Tba Sorcoror ' in Austrulia. Tho titan who mini; ' For ho is an English man' in tho lirai production of ' Pinsforo ' iu Auutrnlia wiia a Dutchman. Sophio Hnrriu is on tour iu tho EBfU.su proviuaoa. Wlmt lias bocoino of Nina Tul loob, tho Aunlrulinu Mngpio? I). G. Ilouoiouult wan nt tho Conrt Thoatro, London, on tho flrat nii;ht of May Yoho'u now production, ' Tho JJollo of Cairo.' The ghost of tlio Into Sir Augustus Hurrin in Bttid to walk ivt Drury Laiio. It dooHii't much inattor wlmt i;host it is no loii(| ns it wnlks rejjulurly. Spito tho ruin thoro was a urcml orowd (it tbo Wharf on Tuoiidny to Buy ' Good-hyo ' to tho Bhtud Holt Company, whioh liailod iu tho Harrubuol for Molbouruo. Somebody lma writtim a mnroh onlitlod ' Sucoeun.' and dodioatod to Hurry Mnnk houuo. Wan tad a nyniphony ontitlod ' Fat,' dodioatod to tho biuuo lurtfeiiizod coniodinn. 'Liko an imrruouhitoly-droanod Irir,)' ballot danood in tho Marblo ijur. Sydnoy,'x}, Emily Soldoiio'adoaaription of tho roalimu o' a bouuu in 'T/io Duohoiio of Cooleardio' ut Drury Lano. JVIdllo. Yvotto Guilhort ridem a biko, but not in kniokorbookorB. If ovoryono olso abandons tho potliooat uho moiinn to rotain lion;. Quito rijihtl Tho noltiuoat iu tho bulwark of tho groat Frouoli nation. La Goulne, of a JFronoh dancing troupo, which oroatod a (.jrout nouuatiou, doniuu that she ban fot plumper ninoo mho oamo oror to London. Whoront tho Pki-ican romarkB : ' Well, that'll not hor fault.' Itoynlty han boon twioo to Drury Lano to boam on Hilda Spotitf. In tho oircuniBtaiiooR, porhapB 'loor' would bo n moro tiuitablo word than ' boam. ' Jtoyul flonh iu vory weak whoro lovoly vroimui is oonuornod. Poroy Kohoo bidding a toarful farowoll lo tho trombono nnd two coniotn — itoinu iu tlio orchootra whioli worn an tho applo of Poroy'n oyo — on tho wharf on Tuoaday was a Bight oalouldlod toniuko strong moil woop. John F. Fordo ono timo playod Major Goncnil Stanley, tho Pirata ICing, tho Sor Uouut of Polioo, and Samuol in 'Tho Pirnton of Ponzauco,' all within five woolen. Plenty of oxporionco to bo gained in Auotralia, ? Qoorno MuRgrova in rakinu up a company for 'Prisoner of Zondu,' and '* Sijru of tbo Groan.' IIo ban trouble in (jottinir n pood loading man. Juliuu Kuight, out huru with 'Tho Danoini: Girl ' Co., ia moutionud. Hnyman'fl Oritorion Dramatia Company wan duo ut Toowoomba (Q.) yontorday (Fri day). Thoy liaro tho .Show datou thorn. Mra. Harry Marnhall will onoa moro ronow hor noqiiaintanoo with Toowoombuilua na 'Camillo.' 'Tho LiooiiBliio; Committoo of tho London Comity Oounoil hnu boon nhiikiiiff up tbo muuio hull mn.nni(qmanta for allouinif bl no ,_ conga and outr6 dronnini;, or, rnthor, un dronainfr on tho otago. Full purtioulnro in tho Sunday Timku to-moL-row. Joo Taploy, writing1 from London, nayn : — ' Tim lYonthor hi too horriblo for wordn. Wot, cold, uloot, kiiIch blowing; oh I to pop ovnr for a wook or two to Auotralia. It in u diflloult tiiuk to Icooj) from cold, iuriuour.a, rhounin tiarn, or noinotliintf of tho nort,' Oh, that rotton Jllnrfliiih olimntol That poropiritii; oomodian 13. ,7. Lonncm wnn bonton iu a iivrimming inatah at nomn London batho tlio other day. Tho ntnkon woro a, oup, vr.luo .{10, nnd dinuora for twonty. Tho oup wuo all ritfbb, but to our thinking tbo luttor portion of tbo prlzu wan tho moro oonaiblo part oji tho atalcofl — rump iitoako, In faot. Thoro liavo boon {front bifllnua out nt Ilor Mujooty'a during tlio wock. Iloyt'uoomodinun nro billed to opon to-day (Saturday), and whou thfcy oamo to tnko ponuosuiou ponjtcovo hold tho' fort, and ironldu t lot tliom in. Anyway, Harry Conor oliould liavo bnrangucd tho inuU titudo from tho hotel bnloouy nud Mien tnkon tip a oolloatiou to dofray lognl oxponucn. Krtiu la tlio worot opponltion a oompiiny can moot with in tho bnok oouutry. Hftyman'n Oompwiy Look two dvvya to do 8 trip tlmfc bnunlly inkoB novon or oiifbt hour*. Little thinffo llko thnt moan dinturblu/j tho datos, porhajin, of n whole toun Alborfc Normau onoo vr no ntuok for a wqok boCwoon Wilcnnnln mid Houtko, Tuokor .ran nhort, nnd thoy hnd to rely for two days on thok b»ud. Boecboknt 'J.\oo, U-o London notor, vmo xmtvuViy uiiioriuiiiou by Uiu uhhuIiwik -jC Iho .UU-»)i,'u!)!',iti Olof Club, end thoy ftavo him nuppor. In teturn bo finvo thotn a varioty of nnuwoi'ii to tho conundrum, ' What in ib tlmt bovata tho drama of to-day P' Chioi' of thoRis, lio otatoili wk.0 lato flinliitr. ' Who,' staid Troo. ' wo«W ' 'vr.llllnRly «o to wltnoRa n, jmffiody. vrllh i* full ptonifiofif' For tho Bl&Uor; ot tlmb, who xf-mU\ gfl to ono tv piny ou_ ?Bn .oinnty ono? , -??' .;?.--' 