Sermon for Sunday. Cleansing of the Leper. By Late Rev. O. 'H. Surgeon. And if a leprosy break out abroad in tho skin, and the. lourosy cover ill the skin of him tbat hath the plague from his head even to hta foot, wheresoever tho priest lookotli : then thu priest shall connldor: and, behold, if the leprosy have covered all his flo-h, he shall pronounoe him clean that hath the plague: it is all turned whlto: hole clean.— Leviticus xlli. 13, is. . This is a. singular paradox, . but not a paradox to him who undorstandoth the Gospel. Wo have great reason to thank God that the terriblo disease, leprosy, whioh was one of the domons of the East, is so little known in our own land ; and even in tho few oases where leprosy lias broken out in our climate, it lias always assumed a fur more mild and raitiguted shape than it did with the Jews in the land of Canaan, Yet, since they had so frightful a disease, God, in His infinite meroy, made use of it as a sort of sermon to tho people. Leprosy is to be con sidered by us as being the tope of sin; and us wo read tlio chapters in Leviticus which concern the shutting up or putting apart, and the purification of a cleansed leper, we arc to understand every sontenoo as having in it a Gospel sermon to us, teuohing us what is the condition of a sinner in the sight of God, how that siuner is to bo cured, and lion ho ean he restored to tho privileges from which tlio leprosy of sin hml utterly shut him out. 1\. First, lot mo ask you to turn your eyes to tho loathsome and ghastly speotaolc of a leper. A leper wus extremoly loathsome) iu his person. The leprosy broke out, at first almost imperceptibly, in certain reel spots whioh appeared in tho skin. Thoy were pain- leas, hut they gradually increased. 'Far- haps tho man who was the subject of the complaint scarcely knew .tlmt ho had it at all; but it inoreused, and fnrthor, and further, and further it Bpreud. The perspiration wus unable to find a vont, und the skin beuume dry und peeled off iu scales. The withering of the skin wus too true 1111 iiulox of what was going 011 within ; for in tho very marrow of tho bones there was a most frightful rottenness, which in duo time would uttorly consume, tho victim. Tho man would out and drink'; I10 would perforin what is culled by tho physioiuns tlio natural!.,— all tho functions would bo discharged ' as if in health. All things would go oil us before, and ho would bo-subjeot 'to very little pain ; hut by de- ;grees the bones would, rot ; in many raises' tlio fingers .would drop off, and yet without any surgical operation tho rest of the body was heulcd, so that there was no blooding. Whou it came to its very worst phase, tho body would drop togethor, all the strings boing loosened, and the whole bduse of man hood would heconio a horriblo mass of ani mated rubbish rather than tlio stately taraplo which God originally made ' it. Let mo remind you tlmt this, fearful us it seoms to ho, is a very poof portrait of tho loath- 1 somoness of sin. If God uould toll— or, rather, if wo oould hour to hoar what God could toll ns of tho execoding wicked ness and uncleanncss of sin, I am sure we should dio. God hides from all eyes bnt his own tho blijclcness of Bin. Thore is no ercuturo, not oven tin angel boforo tho thrond, that ovor know tlio intolerable wickedness of reboli ion against God. : Yet .that littlo of it which God tho Holy Ghost taught you aud me when we wore under conviction of sin. was enough to moke uk fool that we wished wo had. novel- been born. Ah! well must I. oonfoss, though my life was kept and preserved us' a ohild 'from outward immorality, when I first saw mysolf as I was by nature,- and in the thoughts, and intents, and im aginations of my heart, I thought that oven devils in holl oould not be baser than 'myself. Certain I um thut, whenever , tho Spirit of God comes into the soul, our good opinion of oursolvos soon vuaishos. Wo thought we were all that heart could wish, but whou once taught of God tho Holy Ghost, we think that we are vila and full: of- sin— that there is no good thing in us. " ' - r Think again. The leper was not only loath - somo in his porsou, but was defiled iu ull his acts. If he drank out of a vessel, the vessel was defiled. If lie lay upon abed, Hid bod beraune unoleun, nnd whosoevor sat upon tlin bed afterwards becamo unclean loo. If I10 touohod hut tho wall of a house, tho wall bo- uaino unclean, und must ho purged. He tainted tho atmosphere, his .hroatli was as dangerous as the pestiloiioe. Ho shot baneful gluncoa from his oyos. . All thut ho did wus full of tlio ' same - -loathsomeness as was himself. Now, this may soom to bo a very humiliating truth, hut . faithfulness .requires us, to say it — -all the actions of tho iiutural man are tainted with Bin. Whether ho eats or drinks, or whatsoever he does, ' ho continues to sin ugainst his Godi Nny, if ho should come up to' God's houso, and sing und pray, .there is sin in his songs, for they are but hypocrisy. There is guilt in his pruyors, for tho prayers of tho wioked uro an abominntion unto the Lord. , , , , Think of tho leper yet aguiu. 'Being thus the medium of contagion und defilement wherovov lie wont, the Lord demanded thut he should he shut out from the society of Israel. Tboro was a spot outside tho ouiup. barren, solitary, where lepers wore eon- fined. Thoy wore commanded to wear 11 covering over the mouth nnd upon tho upper lip, and if any passed by, thoy were com pelled to ory, " Unoloan I Unoloan ! Un oleun!"— a sound whioh, being muffled by reason of tho covering which thoy wore, must havo sounded mure ghastly and deathlike than any other human cry. Somo of tho rabbis translate thn ory, "Avoid! Avoid! Avoid!" Ono of tlio American poets has put it, "Room fur tho leper I Room!" But cor- tuinly tho sense of it is -'onorully understood to ho, "Unclean! Unoloan! Unoleun!" Living npurt from thoir dourest frionds, shut out from all tho pleasures of sooioty, thoy were required nover to drink of a running stream of water of whioh othors might drink ; nor might thoy sit down 011 any stone by tho roadside upon whioh it was pro- bablo any other persons might, rest. They were, to all intents and purposes, dead to all the enjoyments of life, dead to all tlio en- dcannouts and sooioty of their frionds. Ay, und suoh is tho cuso with tho sinner with re gard to tho people of God. Dust uot thou tool, poor convicted sinner, thut thou art unfit to join Christ's Church. .Where God'» people are, thou art out of plaoo. Once more, tho leper wus wholly unable to ooino up to tho house of God. Other mon might offer saorifices, but not the lopor; others had a shure in tho great high priest's sacrifice, und when he wont within tho vnil ho uppeurod for all others ; but tho lepor had neither part nor lot in this matter. Ho was shut out from God, as well its shut out from man. Ho was no partaker of the sacred things of Israel, and nil tije ordinances of tho tuboninolo were as nothiiig to him. Think of that, sinner I As a sinner, full of guilt, thou art shut out from all commuuion with God. Truo, ho gives thee tho moroins of this life, as tho lepor had his bread and wator ; but thou bastnono of tlio spiritual joys whioh God uftords to his people. Thou canst not stand in His presenco, for He is a devour ing fire, and would consume tliee. As long as thou art at poaco with thy guilt, tho eternal God vows eternal warfare with thoq. 2\. Having dosoribod the leper, I shall now bring tho leper to tho high priest. Hero he stands ; the priest has camo out to meet him. Mark, whonever a lopor was olennBed under tho Jowish law, the leper did nothing— tho priost did all. I invito you to road over this chapter when you are at home, and you will see thut, previous to his being pronounced olqan, tho leper was passive — the priest did everything. Well, tho priest conies out from the Sanotuury, comes to the place of the lepers, where no other man might go hut he in his priestly office. He oulls up one leper bofore him ; he looks at him, ana there is a spot on thut loper whioh is not loprous — quiok, raw, healthy flesh ; the priest puts him aside, he is ah unolean leper. Here is unother, and he has bnt one or two red spots appoaring beneath tho skin; all the rest of his body Is perfectly sound ; the priest puts him aside, ho is an unolenn leper. Here is another — he is from head to foot covered with the Bcaly whiteness of tho filthy dispose ; the hair is all turned white, owing to tho decay of tho powers of nature, whinli are unable now to nourish the roots of the hair: There is not a single spook of health in him from the orown of his head to tho Bnlo of his foot; but all is pollution and filth. Bnt hnrk! the high priest says to him, "Thou art olean." And after cortain necessary ceremonies ho is ndmittod into tho camp, and afterwards into tho very sanctuary of God. My text assorts tlmt if there wus found uny sound placo in him, ho was un olenn ; but when the leprosy had covered him wheresoever tlio priest looked, tbo man be came by Baorifioial rights a clean loper. Now, lot mo bring tho sinner bofore the groat high priest. How many there lire who, as thoy eomo up hither, uro ready to eonfess that thoy havo done many things which are wrong, hut they say, " Though wo havo done much whioh wo cannot justify, yot there have 1)0011 munv good actions which might almost counterbalance tlio sin. Have wo not been nharitablo to tlio poor? havo wo not sought to instruct the ignorant — to help thnso that are out of tho way ? "YVo have somo sins, .wo do confess ; but there is much ut tho bottom whioh is still right and goad, mid wo there fore hope that wo ahull bo delivered." I put you usido 111 Hod's name, this morning, us unoleun lepers. For. yon. there, is po hope, und no premise of salvation whatever. But bore comes another. Probably ho is a really hotter man than either of tho others ; hut not in his own opinion. Ho stands bofore us, and with muny a sigh und tear confesses that ho is uttorly ruined and undone. "Sir, a mouth or two ago I would have claimed a righteous ness with tho very best of thom. I, too, eiiuld liavo bousted of what I had done ; bnt now I see my righteousness to lie as filthy rugs, anil nil my- "goodness is ns an unolenn thing. I havo sinned, and eomo short of the glory of God. If ovor thore was a sinner that deserved to lie damned, sir, thut soul um I ; if over thcro was one who had uot any oxouse ' to mako, hut who must plead guilty without any extenuating cireuinstuncos, that man am I. As for the future, Zcan. make no promise I havo often proinisod, nnd so often lied. I have so often trusted in myself that I would reform— so often havo I hoped the energy of my nature might yet lioal my disoaso, thut I renounce, because I must renounce, nil such desires. Lord, Thy graue alono must autko mo whole. I do desire to bo rid of sin ; but I can no more rid myself of .sin than I can pluok tho sun from the' firms- mont',' or sooop tho wiitors from the depths of the sea. I would he porfoet, cvou as Thou art perfect ; but I cannot change ray heart. As well might tlio viper lose his will to poison, the Ethiopian change his skin, or tlio leopard his wots, us I ceuso to do evil. Lord, ut Thy foot I fall, full of leprosy from bond to: foot; notliing.havo I to boust of, notliiug to trust to except Thy meroy." My brother, you are a oloau leper ; your sins are forgiven you, your iniquities are put away. Through tho blood' of Jesus Ohrlst, who died upon the tree, you are saved.. As soon ns ovor tho leprosy hud eomo right out, tbo mun was clean ; and as soon as ever your sin is fully manifest, so that in your conscience you feel yoursolf to he really a sinner, thore is a way of salvation for you. Let me sura np in ono or two short son- tonees. Sinner, if thou art this day unre newed and unregouerato, thou urt loiltlisomo to tliysolf ; thou art iuoupablo of foliowship with God ; thou art preparing thyself for tho pit of holl. But tho way of salvation is siinply this : If thou art to-day full of sin, laden with iniquity; if thou art ready to confess there is no good tiling in thee : if thou urt willing to take tho plaoo of a prisoner who hns been tried, condemned, and oast out, — thon Ohrlst has died, for thee. Ohrlst lias shed tho blood, Ohrist has risen up ou high, .mid thy -salvation Is finished. Stiy not in thy heart, "I do not feel this, I do not fool that." It is not thy feeling or doing; it is what Ohrist has done. Ho must do ull for thoo ; und ull ho uuks of tliee is simply to stand in tho place of tho unjust thut Ho may eomo to tliee m tho piaeo of the just, while Ho stands in thy room and atoud. Is this too oasy for- you P Are you too proud to be saved by anoh a system as this ? Thon, what can I say to you, but that you dosqrvc to dio if you nogleot a plan of salvation so simplu and bo udmirauly udupted to your easo ? But iusteud thereof, if you say, " That suits mo, for I havo nothing to trust to, I um lost," — why, man, do you uot soo that, inus- muoh us it suits you, it is yours ? For whom waa tho wodding garment mudo — for thoso who hud lino robes of their own ? No — for tho naked. For whom was tho bath open— for tho olean P Np— for tho filthy. Stop in, filthy man ; thy filth is thy warrant. For whom is mcdioino provided — for thu healthy P No. it wcro an insult. For tlio Blok. Thy sickness is thy warrant ; eomo to Mercy's hospital and bo thou healed. Whom dost thou think Christ, camo to carry on His shoulders to heavon ? Thoso that can walk thore themsolvcB ? No, let them trudgo thoir weary way ; if thoy think thoy oan go to lieuvon with their good works, lot them do so. One of two things ; cltlior you must he saved without deserving to bo saved — savod by tho works of Another, — or else you' must keep the whole law, und so inherit heaven of your own right and putent. If, then, yon are willing to eomo to Christ, just as yon are, without any preparation, but just simply as u siuner, tben Ohrist lias made atouoment for you ; your guilt is put owuy ; God ue. oepts you; you are u pardoned man. You muy go out at yonder door and suy in your lieurt, "Therefore,, being juatifiod by faith, wo huvc peace with God through our Lord Josuh Christ. And not only so, but wo ulso joy in God through our Lord Jesus Ohrist, by whom we now havo recoivcd tho atone- irnrnt.'' As fig holiness um) good .works, these shall eomo afterwards. 