OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. ? ^ ? THE ELECTIONS. A THREATENED LIBEL ACTION. April 14. The nominations for the various seats in the Assembly are now in, and it is seen that 126 candidates liave announced themselves for 54 seats. Of these five are Ministers, one is the Government Whip, there are 29 avowed Defence Leaguers, and 16 labor nominees. The others it would be difficult to classify, although, as a rule, it may be said that Conservatives predominate in their assaults on the various con stituencies. There is not one district left without a contest, although at West Adelaide the opponents of the old members, Messrs. Kingston and Batehelor, have not the ghost of a chance of being returned. In most of the other places the fight will be pretty keen, and especially in the city con stituencies, where, 'if the last Elec toral Act did not interfere, money would be spent very freely. Great excitement has been caused in North Adelaide by the importation into the contest of certain domestic-questions touching the career of the Mayor of Adelaide. Mr. Proud is the interrogator, and, as the chairman would not allow the queries to be put at the public meeting, that very persistent personage printed them as an advertisement in the Adelaide Advertiser. Result, the threat of criminal action by Mr. Tucker. The lawyers acting for the Mayor are Messrs. G. andJ. Downer, while Messrs. Syinon, Bakewell, Stow, and Piper are on the other side. Proud professes to be anxious that Mr. Tucker should come on, whereas his wor ship declares that he is not at all frightened to face the police court. So the matter stands, and in the meanwhile the general public is waiting eagerly for the revelations expected. Proud had a very bad time at the meeting where the questions were asked, and if it had not been for the intervention of the police he would have suffered Severely. As a general thing, electors don't care whether a candidate for their suffrages is or is not happy in his domestic rela tions, but it is hoped that the women will interest themselves in these matters. The facts are that Mr. Tucker is separated from his wife by mutual agreement, and that he makes her a very substantial allow ance. Proud's questions insinuate that something dishonorable is attached to the separation. Those who are familiar with Adelaide Quiz must have read ' Telephone Talks,' which usually begin ' Are you there, Miss Mac i The lady referred to is Miss Mac intosh, who has charge of the tele phone department connected with the Adelaide General Post-office. She is a most capable woman, and she carries out very trying and enervating work with a large amount of vigor and accuracy. Her sister left Adelaide in the steamer Innamincka last Friday, to accept a position in the telephone department in Perth, and I feel sure that she will be found an acquisition to the service. The Adelaide Hospital trouble has entered a new phase. As the Premier says, he has smashed the board and broten the staff. A very good board under the chair manship of the Mayor of Adelaide took office some weeks ago. Yester dav the members of the honorary medical and surgical staff went on strike, and their places were taken by Government officials, such as Dr. Wifctell, chairman of the Central Board of Health ; Dr. Clen dinning, of the Destitute Asylum; Dr. Toll, boarding officer at the Semaphore; Dr. Cleland, of the Parkside Lunatic Asylum; and Dr. Todd, of the Police Depart ment; with some volunteers from outside and the medical members of the board, Drs. Hill, Rogers, and Curtis. There is talk of importing three surgeons from Guy's Hospital, London, if the present arrangements do not prove satisfactory. So far, the patients have not suffered, but it is evident that busy Government officials cannot do the same amount of justice to the patients as was done by the fashionable physicians now locked out or on strike, who had fine carriages and spanking horses at their command. Speaking of the hospital reminds me that Miss Thackthwaite, who was for some time the superintendent of nurses there, and Nurse Burke both died from consumption on February 19 last. Miss Thack thwaiteis remembered in the institu tion with very great respect, and the doctors speak most highly of her ability and her skill in manage ment. Nurse Davoren, who ought to have been made night superin tendent instead of Miss Gordon, and who left the hospital because of a quarrel with that young lady, has been exceedingly ilL She had to undergo a very serious operation for tumor in Melbourne, and for some days fatal results were feared, but I am glad to say that she is now all right again. Miss Way, the matron of the Kalgoorlie Hos pital, as of course you know, has also been very ill. A sister of Afisa Gordon is still in the Adelaide Hospital, but she is now on leave of absence. A statement was made that Mis Graham had been placed in th same ward as she, but that is not correct. The ward is the same, but Miss Gordon had gone for holidays before Miss Graham joined, and she will not go back to that particular place. Sir Thomas Fowell Buxtoii. who has been absent in Sydney for a fortnight's holiday, returned to Adelaide to-day. It was said that he slipped away in order to escaj-e the necessity of attending the Onkaparinga races, but that can hardly be correct, as he went to a race meeting in Sydney with Lord Hainpden. He was a devout at tendant at Easter services in that 2ity also, and probably he enjoyed them more than the sports. He has a certain evangelical look which is not fitted to the grand stand at Rand wick, but which is singularly appropriate to the front pew at the cathedral. Sir Thomas is very popular, for there is a genuineness about him which everybody recognises, and Mr. Kingston- is never tired of singing his praises and those of Lady Victoria. They have been taking the summer very quietly, but probably Government-house will blossom out into hospitality now that the long and wearisome summer is' over. The Chief Justice, who recently had another spell as lieutenant governor, has been very subdued of late. Mr. J. Lavington Bonython, eldest son of the proprietor of the Adelaide Advertiser, is a passenger to England in the R.M.S. Ophrr. He intends to put in about six months in travelling about Europe and the mother country, as part of hie education for the severer work of journalism later on. Two Russells have recently been preferred to important positions in Adelaide. Dr. Russell has at length received the appointment of medi cal superintendent of the hospital, the salary being about J&400 a year. He has done the work connected with the post for several months in a most efficient manner, notwith standing the troubles that have raged round the institution, while all was calm and peaceful within. Mr. J. G. Russell, S.M., the Commissioner for Insolvency and Commissioner for Taxes, has been made chairman of the State Board of Conciliation, in the place of his Honor Mr. Justice Bundey, who has resigned. Mr. Kingston hopes in the next session to greatly widen the scope of the Conciliation Act so as to give more power to the board to deal with trade disputes such as that which re tarded work at the establishment of Messrs. James Martin and Co., of Gawler, and other engineering shops, recently. On both sides in politics professions of lM-lief iu conciliation are frequent, but the Conservatives are not prepared to accept the compulsory clauses which were; originally included in Mr. Kingston's bill, and which he is anxious to restore to their places. 