A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHERON. o By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING- Author at "A Womau'e Hand," A Wonderful Woman," "Wed, Yet No Wife. &C;,, &Q;, CHAPTER XXXVI.— AT MADAME MIREBEAU'S, OXFORD STREET. Half-past four of a delightful June noon, and two young ladles sit at two large, lace-draped windows overlooking a fashionable May fair street, alternately glancing over the books they hold and listlessly watching the passers-by. The two young ladies are, with the exception of their bonnets, in elegant carriage cos tumes. Young ladles, I have said, and being unmarried, they are young ladles, of course. One of them, however, is three- and-thtrty, counting by actual years. The peerage gives It in cold blood. It is the Lady Gwendoline Drexel. Her com panion Is the Honorable Mary Howard, just nineteen, and "just out." Lady Gwendoline yawns drearily over her hook — Algernon Swinburne's latest — and pulls out her watch impatiently every few minutes. "What can keep Portia?" she ex claims, with irritation. "We should have been gone the last half-hour." The hon. Mary looks up from her Parisian fashion-book, and glances from the window with a smile. "Restrain your impatience, Gwendo line." she answers. "Here comes Laxlv Portia now." A minute later the door Is flung wide open by a tall gentleman in plush, and Lady Portia Hampton sweeps in. She is a tall, slender lady, very like her ! sister — the same dully-fair complexion, the same coiffure of copper gold, the same light blue inane eyes. The dull complexion wears at this moment an ab solute flush, the light, lack-lustre eyes an absolute sparkle. There is something In lier look as she sails forward that makes tliem both look up expectantly from their books. "Well?" Lady Gwendoline says. "Gwen," her sister exclaims — actually exclaims— "whom do you suppose I have met?" "Being five o'clock of a sultry summer day, I don't Intend to try. Tell us at once, Portia, and let us go." "Then prepare to be surprised. Sir Victor Catheron!" "Portia!" "Ah, I thought the name would In terest you. Sir Victor Catheron, my dear, alive and in the flesh, though, upon my word, at first sight I almost took him for his own ghost. Look at her, Mary," laughed her sister, derisively; "I have managed to interest her after all, have I not?" For Lady Gwendoline sat erect, her torquoise eyes open to their widest ex tent, a look akin to excitement in her apathetic face. "But Portia — Sir Victor! I thought It was an understood thing he did not re turn to England." "He does, it appears. I certainly had the honor and happiness of shaking hands with him not fifteen minutes ago. I was driving up St. James street, and caught a glimpse of him on the steps of Fenton's Hotel. At first I could not credit my eye® — I had to look again to see whether it was a wraith or mortal man. Such a pallid shadow of his for mer self. You used to think him rather handsome, Gwen. You should see him now! He has grown ten years older in as many months. His hair is abso lutely streaked with grey, his eyes are sunken, his cheeks are hollow; he looks miserably, wretchedly out of-health. If men ever do break their hearts." said Lady Portia, going over to a Psyche mirror and surveying herself, "then that misguided young man broke his on his wedding-day." "It serves him right." said Lady Gwendoline, her pale eyes kindling. "I am almost glad to hear it." Her faded face wore a strangely sullen and vindictive look. Lady Portia, with her head on one side, set her bonnet- strings geometrically straight, and smiled maliciously. "Ah, no doubt perfectly natural, all things considered. And yet even you might pity the poor fellow to-day, Gwendoline, if you saw him." Ten minutes later, and the elegant barouche of Lady Portia Hampton was bowling along Oxford street. "What did you say to Sir Victor. Portia?" her sister deigned to ask. "What did he say to you?" "He said very little to me. The answers he gave were mosfc vague. I naturally inquired concerning his health first— he really looked so wretchedly broken down; and he said there was nothing the matter, that he had been a little out of sorts lately, that was all. I asked him next where he had been all those ages, and be answered briefly and gloomily, in one word, 'Abroad.' I ask ed him thirdly where and how was Lady Helena. He replied that Lady Helena %v aa tolerably well, and at present in London. 'In London!' I exclaimed in a shocked tone, 'my dear Kir Victor, and I not know it!" He explained that his aunt wasllving in the closest retirement, I at the house of a friend in the neighboi- ; hood of St. John's Wood, and went no- i where. Then he lifted his hat, smiled ; horribly, a ghastly smile, turned Ills back upon me, and walked away. Never asked for you, Gwendoline, or Colonel | Hampton, or my health, or anything." , Lady Gwendoline did not reply. They had just entered Oxford street, and amid the moving throng of well-dressed people on the pavement her eye singled out one figure — the figure of a tall, slen- ! der, fair-haired man. i " Portia," she exclaimed, in a sup pressed voice, "look there! Is that not Sir Victor Catheron, now?" "Where? Oh, I sec. Positively it is, and — yes, he sees us. Tell John to draw- up, Gwendoline. Now, Mary, you shall see a live hero of romance for once in your life. He shall take a seat whether he likes it or not. My dear Sir Victor, what a happy second rencontre — and Gwendoline dying to see you ! Pray, let us take you up — oh, we will have no re fusal. We have an unoccupied seat here, you see, and we all insist upon you occupying it. Miss Howard, let me pre- sent our nearest neighbor at home, and particular friend everywhere, Sir Vic tor Caitheron. The Honorable Miss Howard, Sir Victor. They had drawn up close to the kerb stone. The gentleman would have doffed his hat and passed on had he not been taken possession of in this summary man ner. Lady Gwendoline's primrose-kidded hand was extended to him, Lady Gwen doline's smiling face beamed upon him from the most exquisite cf Parisian bon nets. Miss Howard bowed, and scanned him curiously. Lady Portia was not to be refused — he knew that of old. Of two bores, it was the lesser bore to yield than resist. Another instant, and the barouche was rolling away to Madame Mlrebeau's, the French modiste's, and Sir Victor Catheron was within It. He sat by Lady Gwendoline's side, and un der the shadow of her rose silk and point lace parasol she could see for herself how shockingly be was changed. Her sister had not exaggerated. He was worn to a sh9dow. His fair hair was streaked with grey, his lips were set in tense expression of suffering, either physical or mental, perhaps both. His blue ej'es looked sunken and lustreless — it was scarcely to be believed that ten short months could have wrought such wreck. He talked little — Ills responses to their questions were" monosyllabic. His eyes constantly wandered away from their faces to the passers-by. He bad the look of a man ever on the alert, ever on the track — waiting and watching for some one he could not see. Miss Howard had never seen him before, hut from the depths of her heart she pitied him. Sorrow such as rarely falls to the lot of man had fallen to this man, she knew. He was discouraging and distrait. It came out by chance that the chief part of the past ten months had been spent by him in America. In America ! The sisters, exchanged glances. She was there, no doubt. Had they met ? was the first thought of both. They reached the fashionable modiste's. : "You will come in with us, Sir Victor," Lady Portia commanded, gaily. " We all have business here, but will only de tain you a few minutes." j He gave her Ills arm to the shop. It j was large and elegant, and three or four | deferential shopmen came forward to ' wait upon them and place seats. The victimised baronet, still listless and bored, sat down to wait and escort them back to the carriage before taking his departure. To be exhibited in the i Park was the furthest possible from his ' intention. Lady Portia's dress was displayed— a rose-velvet with point-lace trimmings, and found fault with, of course. Ladv Gwendoline and the Hon. Mary transac ted their affairs at a little distance. For her elder ladyship, the train did not suit her, her bodice did not please her. She gave her orders for altering sharply and concisely. The deferential sliop-girl listened and wrote the direction on the card. When the patroness had finished she carried the robe and card down the long room, and called : "Miss Stuart A voice answered — only one word "Yes" — softly spoken, but Sir Victor Catheron started as if lie had been shot. The long show-room lay in Semi-twi- llght, the gas was not yet lit. In this ' twilight another girl advanced, and took j the rose-velvet robe and written card The light flashed upon lier figure and hair for one instant, then she disap peared. And Sir Victor! He sat like a man suddenly aroused from a deep, long slrep. He had not ) seen the face— he had caught but a glimpse of the figure and head— lie had heard the voice speak but one little word "Yes." But was he asleep or awake ? Was it only a delusion, as so many other fancied resemblances had been, or was it after all — after all He rose to his feet, that dazed look of a sleepwalker suddenly aroused on Ills face. "Now then, Sir ARdor," the sharp, clear voice of Lady Portia said, at bis side, "your martyrdom is ended. We arc ready to go." He led her to the carriage, assisted her ' and the young ladies in. How lie ex cused himself, what incoherent words he said, he never knew. lie was only conscious after a minute that the car riage had roiled away, and he was still standing, hat in hand, on the pavement in front of Madame Mirebeau's; that the passers-by were staring at him, and that he was alone. "Mad!" Lady Portia said, shrugging her shoulder and touching her forehead; "mad as a March hare." "Mad?" Miss Howard repeated, softly. "No, I don't think so. Not mad, only very, very miserable." He replaced his hat and walked back to the shop door. There reason, memory returned. What was lie going in for? What should he say? He stood still suddenly, as though gazing at the wax- woman in elegant ball costume, swing ing slowly and smirkingly round and round. He had heard a voice — he had seen a shapely head crowned with dark, silken hair, a tall girl's figure, that was all. He had seen and heard such a hundred times since that fatal wedding evening, and when he had hunted them down the illusions had vanished, and his lost love was as lost for ever. His lost Edith, his lost bride, his darling, the wife he had loved and left — for whom all these weary, endless months he had been searching, and searching in vain. Was she living or dead? Was she in London —in England — where? He did not know —no one knew. Since that dark, cold autumn morning when she had lied trom Powyss Place she had never been seen or heard of. She had kept her word — she had taken nothing that was his — not l a farthing. Wherever she was she might 1 be starving to-day. He clenched his j hands and writhed as he thought of it. " Oh !" his passionate, desponding heart cried, "let me find her, let me save her, and let me die!" He had searched lor her everywhere, by night and by day. Money flowed like . water. All in vain. He went to New j York; he found the people there he had once known, but none of them could tell him of her or of the Stuarts. The Stuarts had failed — were utterly ruined — it was understood that Mr Stuart was dead; of the others they knew nothing. He had gone to Sandypoint in search of her father. Mr Darrell and his family had months ago sold off their belongings and gone West. He could find none of them. He gave it up at last, and re turned to England. Ten months had passed; many resemblances had beguil ed him, but to- day Edith was as far off, as lost as ever. The voice he had heard, the likeness he had seen, they would prove false too, and leave his heart more bitter than ever. What he would do when he found her he did not consider. He only wanted to find her. His whole life and soul were bound up in that. He paced up and down in front of the shop, the day's work would be done pre sently, and the workwomen would come forth. Then he would see again this particular workwoman who had set his heart beating with a hope that made him dizzy and sick. Six o'clock — seven o'clock — would they never come? Yes, even as he . thought it, half-mad with impatience, the door opened, and nearly a dozen girls riled forth. He drew his hat over his eyes, he kept a little in the shadow, and watched them one by one with wildly eager eyes, as they appear ed. Four, five, six, seven — she came at last, the eighth. The tall, slender figure, the waving dark hair — he knew them at once. The gaslight fell upon her, as she drew her veil over her face and walked rapidly away. Not before he had seen it — not before he had recognised it. No shadow, no myth, no illusion this time. His wife, Edith! " He caught the wall for support. For a moment the pavement beneath his feet heaved — the starry sky spun round. Then he started up, steadied himself by a mightj- effort, and started in pursuit. She bad gained upon him over thirty yards. She was always a rapid walker, and he was ailing and weak. His heart throbbed now so thick and fast that every breath was a pain. He did not gain upon her, he only kept her in sight. He would have known that quick, de- cided walk, the pose of the head and shoulders, anywhere. He followed her as fast as his strength and the throng of the passers-by would let him, yet doing no more than keeping her well in sight. Where Oxford street turns into the Tottenham Court road, she suddenly di verged and crossed over, turning into the latter crowded thoroughfare. Still he followed. The throng was even more dense here than -in Oxford street, to keep her in sight more difficult. For nearly ten minutes he did it, then, suddenly all strength left him. For a minute or two he felt as though he must fall. There was a spasm of the heart that was like a knife-thrust. He caught a lamp post, he beckoned a passing hansom by a sort of expiring effort. The cab whirled up beside him. He got in somehow, and fell back blinded and dizzy in the seat. "Where to, sir?" cabby called twice be fore he received an answer. Then "Fen ton's Hotel" came faintly to him from his ghastly looking fare, the little aper- ture at the top was slamm.c-d down, and the hansom rattled off. "Blessed if I don't think the young swell's drunk, or 'avin' a fit," thought cabby, as he speeded his horse down Tot tenham Court road. To look for her further in his present state, Sir Victor felt would be useless. He must get to liis lodgings, get some brandy, and in half an hour's time think what to do next. lie had found her — she was alive — she was well — thank Heaven! Thank Heaven for that! To morrow would find lier at Madame Mire beau's at work with the rest. At work — her daily toil! He covered his wasted ! face with his wasted hands, and tears . that were like a woman's fell from him. j He had been weak and worn out for a I long time — he gave way utterly, body j and mind, now. "My darling," he sobbed — "my darling, for whom I would die to make happy — whose life I have so utterly ruined. To think that while I spend wealth like water you should toil for a. crust of bread, alone, poor, friendless In this great city. How shall I answer to man and Heaven for what I have done?" CHAPTER XXXVII.— EDITH. The last light of the July day had faded- out, and a hot murky night settled down over London. The air was stilling In the | c-iiy and in the suburbs you still caught i a breath, fresh and sweet-scented, from ! the fragrant fields. j At Poplar Ledge, St. John's Wood, this ! murky summer night, all the windows I stood open. In the drawing-room two | women sat together, the elder reading j aloud, the younger busy over some fem- i inine handicraft. A cluster of waxlights I burned above them, shining full upon j two pale, worn faces, the faces of women i to whom suffering and sorrow have long \ been household words. Both wore deep- i est mourning — the elder widow's weeds, j the hair of the younger thickly streaked I with grey. Now and then both raised I their eyes from book and needlework, . and glanced expectantly at the clock on i the mantel-piece. Evidently they wait ed for some one who did not come. They ! were Lady Helena Powyss and Inez Catheron, of course, j "Eight," the elder woman said, laj'ing : down her book with a sigh as the clock struck. "If he were coming to-night he would be here before now." "I don't give him up even yet," Inez said, cheerfully. Young men are not to he depended on — he has often come out much later than this. We are but dull company for him, poor boy! — all the I world are but dull company for him at ! present, since she is not of them. Poor boy! poor Victor! It is very hard on him." "I begin to think Edith will never be ! found," said Lady Helena with a sigh. "My dear aunt, I don't. No one is lost utterly in these days. She will be found, believe me, unless " "Well!" "Unless she is dead." "She is not dead," affirmed Lady Helena. "Of that I am sure. You didn't know her, Inez, or you wouldn't think it. The most superb specimen of youth and strength and handsome health I ever saw in my life. She told me once sha never remcmbc-red a day's illness since she was born. You had but to look into her bright eyes and clear complexion to be sure of It. She is not dead in the natural course of things, and she isn't one of the kind that ever take their lives in their own hands. She had too much courage and too much common-sense." "Perhaps so, and yet suffering tells— look at. poor Victor." "Ah, poor Victor, indeed! But the case is different — it was only her pride, not her heart that bled. He loved her. He loves her with a blind, unreasoning 1 passion that it is a misfortune for any human creature to feel for another. And she never cared for him — not as much aa you do for the sewing in your hand. That is what breaks my heart- to see him dying before my eyes for lova of a girl who has no feeling for him but hatred and contempt." Inez sighed. "It is natural," she said; "look how sha was left in her very bridal hour, with out one word of explanation. Who could forgive it?" "No one, perhaps. It is not for that I feel indignant with her. It is for her ever accepting him at all. She loved her cousin, who would have married her, and for title and wealth she threw him over and accepted Victor. In that way she deserved her fate. She acted heart lessly, and yet—and yet one can't help pitying her, too. A good wife, perhaps, after all. I wish — I wish he could find her." "'She might he found readily enough," Inez answered, "if Victor would resort to the usual means. I allude to the detec tive police. But he won't set a detective on her track if she is never found — he persists in looking for her himself. He is wearing his life out in the search. If ever I saw death pictured In any face I saw it in his when he was here last. If he would but consult that German doctor who is now in London, and who is so skilful in all diseases of the heart Hark," she broke off suddenly, "here he is at last." Far off a gate had opened and shut — no one had a key to that ever-locked outer gate but Sir Victor — and the next moment the roll of his night-cab was heard up the drive. The house door opened, his familiar step ascended the stairs — not heavy and dragging as usual, but swift and light almost as it used to he. Something had happened! They saw it in his face at the first glance. There was but one thing that could happen. Lady Helena dropped her book, Inez iOammenreil PubUcatloa Februiry 1J started to her feet. Neither spoke, but awaited breathless. "Aunt — cousin," the young man cried, breathless and hoarse, "she is found." There was a erv from the aunt. As he spoke he dropped, panting and ex hausted with his speed, in a chair, and laid h is hand upon his breast to still its heavy, suffocating throbs. "Found!" exclaimed Lady Helena. "'Where — when — how ?" "Wait, aunt," the voice of Inez said, gently; "give him time. Don't you see he can scarcely pant? Not a word yet, (Victor. Let me fetch you a glass of .Wine." She brought it, and he drank it. His face was quite ghastly, livid bluish rings encircling his mouth and eyes. He cer tainly looked desperately ill, and much fitter for a sick bed than a breathless , night ride from St. James's street to St. i John's Wood. He lay back in Ills chair, j closed his eyes, struggling with his I panting breath. They sat and waited in , silence, far more concerned for him than the news he bore. | He had told tliem at last, slowly, pain- j fully, of his chance meeting with Lady j Portia Hampton, of his enforced visit to i the Oxford street dressmaker, of his ! glim pise of the girl with the dark hair, j of his waiting, of his seeing and recog nising Edith — liis following her, and of . a sudden giddy faintness that obliged him to give up the chase. "You'll think me an awful muff," lie said. "I haven't any idea liow I came to j besucha weak fellow, but I give you my word I fainted dead away like a school- | girl when I got to my room. I suppose j it was partly this confounded palpita- ! tion of the heart and partly the shock ! of the great surprise and joy. Jamison j brought me all right somehow, after a while, and then I came here. I had to come, I had to do something, or I believe J should have gone out of my senses." Then there was a. pause. The two won looked at each other, then at him —his eager eyes, his excited, wild-look ing, haggard face. "Well," lie cried, impatiently, "have you nothing to say? Is it nothing to you that after all these months — months, great. Heaven! it seems centuries — that I have found her at last? At last — my heart's darling — toiling for her living, while we Oh, I can't think of it — I dare not — it drives me mad." He sprang up and began pacing to and fro, looking as much like a madman as a. sane one. "Be quiet, Victor," liis aunt said "it is madness Indeed for you to excite yourself in this way. Of course it is everything to us — of course we rejoice in all that makes you happy. She is found, Heaven be praised for it. She is alive and well, thank Heaven also for that. lAnd now what next?" "What next?" He paused and looked at her in astonishment. "You ask what next. What next can there be, except to go the first thing to-morrow and take her away?" "Take her away," Lady Helena re peated, setting her lips, "take her where, VJctor? To you?" His ghastly face grew a shade ghast lier. He caught his breath, and grasped the back of the chair as though a spasm of unendurable agony had pierced his heart. In an instant his aunt's arms were about liim, tears streaming down her cheeks, her imploring eyes lifted to his. (To be continued.) 