flie Fatal Draught. ' ?' . :- ' - . ?;' i.~- ? ?.' . ♦ ? ; — ?. ? , ;X' (CHAPTER 1V^ :,'??'? A fire was still burning m the grate ; shejqvouched before h, warmiug her fro/.pn Ijody, and feeling a little life and strength /coming back to her. ' \ '^She: would go and dress how, she . thought, and then make her- way to jjFernJetgb*... Tressellyan would ' know : her ; tie V'dnld not liiink she was raving1. Hn wnnld nrotcct bar. Aa shedetermin ? 'cdtrf. seek him, s'lVt'eltVg're'al .sense of relief, a3 if already he had lifted the bur den .from lie'r .shoulders, and had placed Jiis ,4tj|brjg' nmi between tier and danger. She rose, full of a great longing to reach him, only to start back as if shot, her ?hands clasped over her wildly palpitating heart. iFppUleps ivcre descending the stairs. She! ;conld; not \ oioye, hey feet felt chained, to 'tho gronndi A light glim mered in the hall ; it became stronger as it was brought nearer. In an another instant she would be discovered. She tried to break the spell which bound her, and, as the door was pushed open, slip ped behind thewmdow curtains. It was Syred — she heard him talking to. himself. as'he lit the gas, turning.each bninor to the full, and shovelling coal on ' the fire. ???? ?-'??????..? -. ? ? ? ?? -'?? ? ?? 'I shall go mad, mad — raving mad,' he muttered, drawing forward an easy cbair, and sinking into it 'Never a wink of sleep since that cursed night. I feel she's close there— just behind me. I most get ,away directly the funeral is over. Only another day — one more night of this. 'Gad! many would kill me.' He got up, walked nervously about the room, passing close to Pauline, and standing by. the centre window, drew aside the blind, and looked out. 'I shan't try to sleep till the whole thing's over, .she heard: him say. 'It's no use— those awful dreams take it out of me too much.' 'He stood tapping the glass with rest less, nervous fingers, while Pauline, half fainting with fright, leant against the wall close to him. Suddenly the tapping ceased ; there was dead silence, as if he were listening intently .; then, below his breath— -?, :. , ?;' \ '? ., .????'.. § Great jhe&vensi; I cpull have sworn I heard soibeone breathing.' Again a pause. Paulino set her teeth hard, pressing back against the window frame. A'er wna appeared to her hours, he moved stealthily away. She heard him creeping about the room, as to ? satisfy, himself no one^was there — heard the rings rattle on the cornice pole of the opposite, window as he lifted the cur tain. She knew then that to escape dis covery was impossible, and gathered to gether all her courage for. the meeting. He was'; close to her, his hand was on the velvet drapery, when she stretched out. her thin white finger?, and drawing it from his grasp, stood before him, her condemning eyes-; gazing upon his guilty, terrdr-striekon s countenance, as with knees f knocking together,' hb shrank; from 'her; with a low gasping cry, the next instant falling to tl'e ground, his bead buried in his outstretched arms. Pauline hesitated, but delay meant danger. Any moment he might re cover from the swoon, and raise an alarm. There was not a second to lose. With light, quick stop she fled through the door, up the stairs, and gaining her own room, hastily dressed herself, and Hinging on a long dark cloak, drew the hood over her head. She. was ready — she had but to reach the outer door to open it, and she was free ! But hark ! what Was that 7 Eager, hurried whis pering outside. The truth flashed upon her— Syred had awakened Blake. They wereceming into the room. Terror gave ' r her courage. ,, In a deep recess stood a large cupboard, the door papered to match ihe wall. .Drawing the key from the lock, she put it inside, and fastened herself in. She was barely in time. ' A light immediately shone through each small crevice', and Blake's voice fell upon her ears. ' You're a confounded fool, Syred, and will blow the whole show if you don't look out.' 'I-swear I saw her — I could have touched her. I swear— Great Scott ! Blake, what.is this 7' An awful imprecation from Blako. Pauline could bear the ' flowers tossed from; the coffin to the floor. : 'It's a -hoax,' ho cried, furiously. ' Someone has been in the room, and I locked the door myself after they had put her in. They have stolen the body for a reward.' ' What if they haven't 7' Syred ques tioned, 'tremulously. . ' What if that in fernal | atluff wasn't strong enough 1 Wha't'if she ' has come to life again 7' ? 'If nho has, it will pnly be a', final flicker,' Blake said. 'It strikes me,' Syred said,, with a discordant laugh, 'that it will he a flare iup—rifsho has got. out of the ' house — -' : ' Don't talk such infernal nonsense,' the other interrupted, but his toho was less .confident... 'Wo will imagine the worst,' ho went on, slowly. ' We will say tbi»t she has come to Hfo (and it Iook3 infernally like it), that you saw her a short time ago, and thought her a ghost. She can't have gone far. We must get her at once:' ? ? ' - Thoy went out, locking tho door alter them. Pauline weighed her chances of escape, ? ..They, .cortainly appeared very slight— almost liopele?s. Tho window was too high to jump f roai, and, in her weak state, she knew that many hours of imprisonment would render her power less to save herself. A couple of hours later Syred and Blake , returned, and carefully searched the room. She had but little foar of their discovering her hiding-place. She had only found it herself a few days before*, aod with' The uncertain light of a caudlu they wpi;e hot likely to do so. ' It's the qrtcercst thing T have ever come across,' Blake said, at last. 'I don't see where sbu cm have got. to, or why she should have gono, IE ehe wasn't dead, she was so deuced iiiamisilile lhat she could iiol have known :iii} hiug.' ' llii'y say,'' Syred said, iu a whisper, ' that a person ia a trance knowa what is goioy on.' ' Pah ! ' Blake oxclaimed with con tempt. ' Shu found herself in a coffin, and was frightened. One can see she flung on some tilings in a hurry, but she must be in the home, because every floor and window is locked on the inside, We must put this room in order. Arrange th© coflio so that it will look as if she was there. No one need como in here, til! the day of the funeral ; I'll keep the key Shu oanonly. escape by the garden and we must take it in turns to watch, but my belief is she has crawled into some cupboard or cellar, and will die there. She 'must be devilish weak — no food -for two days, and lying here in the cold — quiet enough to put an end to a delicate woman, without anything else.' There was something diabolical in the utter callousness with which he spoke; it made Syred's cowardly terror almost human; When they had gone, Pauline slipped to the ground in an abandon ment of despair. She; neither cried nor moaned ; of what use was it to do either 7 Blake had spoken truly, she had crawled away to die. After a while she began to wonder if her bodv would ever be found, or would the old house be closed, and she lay there a mouldering skeleton 7 She wondered, too, if Mrs. Vincent, or Tres sellyan, or anyone who had eve* cared for her, would hear of her miserable death: Then her thoughts wandering back to the old, peaceful, happy days— to a sum mer afternoon, long ago, when she had sat on a grassy bank with Leslie Tress sellyag, and had gazed across the grey green marshes, where the brown cattle idly nibbled tho grass ; and once again, through the mists, of the past, she heard his voice, true and t strong— ' Pauline, I love you.' ?{To be Continued.') 