CURRENT EVENTS, There is still plenty of work for miners at the Glebe and at Minmi. In the cricket match against All England the Australians have lost eight wickets for 366 runs. A few "interesting" questions are to be asked at the meeting of the City Council on Monday evening. Custom House clock was again in darkness last night. It is about time some "light" was thrown on this :matter. Some of the Government employees who are believed to have been retrenched out of the service hope to secure re-engagements in the Land and Income Tax Office. Others have appealed against the decisions of the board, Yesterday Captain Mahon, of the barque Ganymede, visited the seamen's shelter shed, for the purpose of engaging a crew for his vessel. Captain Mahon offered £3 10s per month, but was unsuccessful in obtaining men, all those present demanding £4. In compliance with a numerously-signed requisition, the Mayor of Newcastle has con vened a public meeting, to be held at the corner of Wolfe and Hunter streets on Tues day next, for the purpose of urging the early connection of this city with Walgett, via Narrabri. The roads vote on this year's estimates totals £500,000, being an increase of £50,000 upon last year's vote. The estimate for the dredge service is reduced from £91,073 to £75,000, and the Goveinment Architect's vote from £50,228 to £50,000. The details of these votes have not yet been made public. The Bishop of Newcastle gave a lecture on "Unionism" in Simpson's Hall, Mere wether, on Wednesday evening, and received a splendid reception. The Bishop traced the history of trades unions from the early times up to the present. Much good has emanated from the discourse. A few of the audience pressed the Bishop to give another lecture, to which he consented, but not until he had gone to other parts of the district. Mr. William Buttel, of Pitt-street, Syd ney, had on view in his establishment yester day the dressed carcass of a sheep which turned the scale at the extraordinary weight of 2351b. The animal was bred and fattened by Mr. H. M'Namara, carcass butcher, of Darling Harbour, and belongs to the Border Leicestor breed. When alive the animal weighed over 3001b, the wool alone going 4h1b A correspondent well known about the Courthouse writes to say that if the " ghost" seen on the beach on several occa sions during the past week does not make "himself" scarce he will pull up very lame, as a pill has been prepared that must prove very uncomfortable if it gets home. Another correspondent suggests that the first writer should "distrain" on his ghostehip, and that possibly would put a stop to his pranks on the ocean beach. At the Lands Office on Thursday the total number of applications made for homestead selections was 10, for an area of 31451 acres; and for settlement leases six, for an area of 11,994 acres. These, added to the holdings previously applied for, give the following totals :-Homestead selections, 940, compris ing 264,705- acres; settlement leases, 261, comprising 721,111" acres; improvement leases. 128, comprising 1,644,544 acres; or a grand total of holdings under the Crown Lands Act of. 1895 of 1329 for an area of 2,630,361 acres. Painful surprise was occasioned in the Tooumwal district by the death of Mrs. Reuben Bourchier, aged 28 years, eldest daughter of the late Mr. Edward Hilleton, the founder of Toonmwal. Mrs. Bourobier, who always enjoyed good health, was taken ill on Wednesday evening, and, despite medical aid by Drs. Davies and Harbison, who performed an obstetric operation, breathed her last at a late hour on Thursday night. The deceased, who was married 18 months since, was a native of Tocumwal, and a great favourite with everyone. A surprise party was tendered to Mr. Robt, Birrell, Watt-street, last Thursday evening, by a large number of his friends. Songs were given by the following ladies and gentle men :-Misses Woodcock, Griffin, Webb, and Scott; Messrs. 'A. Webb, James, Race, O'Hanlon, and Flint. Refreshments were handed round by the fair sex liberally, and several toasts were proposed. The company dispersed at a late hour by singing "Auld Lang Syne," after spending a most enjoyable evening. The success of the party was mainly due to the efforts of Mr. Arthur Webb. The friends of Mr. F. G. Adrian, the O.P.S. at Newcastle, will be pleased to hear that he is to remain here, for some time to come at least, he having received a communi cation from the Department of Justice to this effect yesterday. The letter stated that for departmental convenience it was desirable that Mr. Adrain should remain at Newcastle, and a suggestion to this effect is to be for warded to the Public Service Board. Since taking up the duties at Newcastle Mr. Adrain has proved himself an efficient officer, always willing to impart any information desired of him, and well versed in the many details appertaining to the re ponsible position he holds. " Progress" writes :-I notice that Alder man Bush takes exception to a very truthful remark made by Mr. Edden, M.P., at the tramway meeting held in the council cham bers a week ago. JEr. Edden accused a number of aldermen of preventing the exten sion of the tramway from Broadmeadow to Adamstown by.their remarks when the ques tion waq.before the council. Mr. Edden had good grounds for making the remark, for any person who has taken any notice of the action of the council in the matter will agree that on account of the shallow remarlis of Alder man Bosh, and the inability of an ex-Mayor to deal with the matter, the people lost the comfort of a profitable tram service, and the progress of the municipality wasconsequently retarded. The notice recently fixed at the Boat Har bour at the Market Wharf prohibiting the boats from ships in the harbour entering the dock has caused a good deal of dissatisfaction. Some of the boatmen complain bitterly of the matter, and state that ship captains who formerly patronised them have since re fused to do so, and say that they will not employ the watermen while the notice re mains where it is. ' It is a great pity the Borough Council should have taken such a stop, as the inconvenience, if any, is only temporary, and is caused by the greatamount of shipping at present in port. Shipmasters and owners have had enough to put up with lately without being hampered by such con ditions as are now imposed and which would not be allowed in any otherport in the world. o~-U ~~aIF:9 That portion of Churo-.strest between Watt and Bolton streets will be closed on Monday for tar-metalling purpooes. Mr. R. Fowler, M.L.C., and Mr. Sydney Burdekio, have been appointed by the Government to be directors of the Sydney Hospital. Mr. L. S. Dudley writes against the Striko of sailors. He says the stop is an unjust and an unfair one, and his firm conviction is that nothing but suffering will be the out. come of it. Tlo West End Park, at the rear of the Oastlemaine Brewery, has now boon fenced in and given one coat of painting. The council is making arrangements for planting trees in the park. It is understood that the compositors at the Government Printing Office are to suffer a reduction in their payments from Is Id to is per 1000. It is possible, however, that the Public Service Board may reconsider this. decision. Coaltrimmers have asked the stevedores to meet them in conference to discuss some proposed alterations in the working rules. The " bosses" have not yet replied to the communication, but it is understood that they offer no objection to meeting the men. A German captain, giving evidence at the Police Court yesterday, stated that the consul had dooked a seaman a month's pay for die. obeying lawfal commands, whereupon Mr. Thorn, J.P., remarked that it was very strange if the consul had this power, and assured the skipper that in Australia such a law would not be countenanced under any consideration. The weekly meeting of the Y.M.C.A. De bating Club was held in the hall last night, the president in the chair. A "Mock Parlia. meontary election" was the order of the evening, when several candidates addressed the electors. Several questions were asked, and on a vote being taken, Mr. Barkley (Freetrader) was selected by a large majority. The Carrington School of Arts committee are calling for tenders for the first section of the building. It has been decided to erect the hall first, so that the committee will be enabled to obtain revenue by letting the building for meetings and amusements. A plan of the building, which has already boon described in these columns, is on view in the shop window of Mr. Bromley, in Young street. In response to the letter written by the Mayor and published in the Newcastle Herald on Thursday, Mr. Thomas Abel, the council clerk of Plattoburg, has convened a meeting of the municipal conference, in order that "some expression of the deep appreciation of the Premier's action in bringing about a settlement of the strike may be recorded-" The meetino will be held at the council chambers, Watt-street, at 3 o'clock this afternoon. The seafaring people now in port have intermingled socially with the landspeople to a great degree since their sojourn in the Newcastle port. Two socials were held at Carrington during the week; on Tuesday evening the petty officers held a social at the Seaman's Institute, and on Thursday even ing the apprentices held the second of a similar entertainment. Both socials were well carried through, and much enjoyment was derived by those attending. The report of the improvement committee upon the electric lighting question will be submitted to next Monday's meeting of the City Council. It is understood that the committee will report that the negotiations with the Railway Commissioners for land at Honeysuckle have not been as favourable as anticipated, and that negotiations are now going on for a piece of the A.A. Company's land in the same vicinity upon which to erect the working plant. Mr. Gregson has written to England about the matter. The members of the St. Andrew's Band of Hope held their monthly meeting on Tuesday evening last. There was a good attendance of parents and friends. 1 he president, Mr. Johnston, presided. The following contri buted to the programme of songs, recitations, and dialogues :-Miss N. Graham, Miss B. Graham, Keogh Stanborough, Mary Hart, Annie Olsen, Lilly Shoesmith, Nellie Poole, Hetty Johns, Leone Westaway, Bessy Willis, Bella Brown, Mary Bunkier, Janie Valen tine, Bertie Snipe, and James Stephens. A pleasing item on the programme was a Gaelic song, which was rendered by Annie Williams, aged five years. Mr. John Allonby, C E., writes :--" Now that the disastrous strike is over men's minds can be turned to the most momentous question of the day, that is the heating of coal cargoes in vessels. I have read those papers in your paper, but as yet they show no way out of the diffioulty, and all the, able men in England that were before the Royal Commission could not find a remedy for the heating of cargoes on board of vessels. I have made it my special business for the last 60 years to study ventilation in every form, and have come to the conclusion that the heating of coal cargoes can be prevented, and that the temperature of the cargo will never rise above 80deg. I have made a design on paper to show a device which will stop all heating of vessels." The weekly concert on Tuesday and musical evening on Thursday wore attended by large numbers of officers, apprentices, and seamen from the large fleet of vessels now in port. The Rev. R. M. Bowles, seamen's chaplain, presided on Tuesday, and gave a short address. Mr. S. M. Bowles presided on Thursday evening. The following ladies and gentlemen contributed to the excellent and enjoyable programmes:-Mrs. Goldie, Misses Bennett and Bowles, Messrs. F. Young, R. Lawson, A. Lewis, C. Adams, R. Bowles, W. Vincent, J. Kirkwood, T. Swan, E. Black, J. Brown, D. Boyd, F. Warner, J. Hussey, J. Murphy, W. H. Green, J. Alderson, and S. Farrell, nearly all the ships at the wharves being represented on the programm(s. The Rev. R. M. Bowles inti mated that the strike having come to an end, he was pleased to learn that the efforts of the mission to relieve the monotony of their stay in port had met with the unqualified appro val of the shipping community. The success of the mariners' picnic to Toronto had set the ball rolling, and parties, concerts, musical evenings, cricket matches, football matches, at-homes, &c.;, &o.;, had kept them all in good humour. He was also glad that the men had attended the Sunday services in such large numbers, a fact that had encouraged the workers very much. At the recent examinations held in connec tion with the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, Canada, Mr. Earnest Ireland, son of the late Mr. Jpsse Ireland, of Newcastle, passed with honors in all the branches of the dairying industry, and ranked 12th accord ing to standard in general proficiency, out of 39\. In honor list he succeeded in gaining sixth place for cheese-making, and in butter making practicalwork class 1, was seventh out of 23 who succeeded in passing. In milk testing practical work, he passed in the highest class, and in cream-separators prac tical and theoretical work, he was fourth out of 51 candidates who succeeded in gaining certificates. Under the heading of dairy lectures, he was seventh out of the successful 18\. The principal of the Hawkesbury Col lege, in speaking of the examination, says it is a highly creditable one, considering that the Ontario Agricultural College is the lead ing college in the world so far as the prao tioal and theoretical work in the manufacture of cheese is concerned, and where a large number of students from all parts of the world are opnstantly engaged. We may mention that the cheese and dairy expert, Mr. J. M'Ewan, of New Zealand, is a student from the above college. Professor Robertson, of Canada, has written con gratulating young Ireland upon his very creditable achievemnents, particularly in prac tical work, considering the' comparatively short time he has been at the college. Mr. Ireland is completing the course of studies at the University College, with the idea of eventually entering largely into, dairying pursuits on the Hunter, from whloh district the firm of J. Ireland draw largo supplies for their Rosebud Creamery. " 9 AJ The A.J.B. Bank has issued Supreme Court writs against the guarantors of the Grafton Masonic Lodge Building Fund It is understood that the reports of the Public Service Board on the Government Printing Office and the Marino Board will be issued late next week. Mr. A. L. M'Dougall, who has boon police magistrate at Grafton for 20 years and is re tiring, adjudicated for the last time on Wednes day. It has been decided to present him with an address by the magistrates and the legal profession. His successor has arrived, and begins duty from Friday next. The total output of the Byron Bay Central Creamery for the month ending 21st Juno was 28 tons, 91d was the average price ob tained. Suppliers were paid 8)d per lb, after placing £14 to the reserve fund. The laterase in the price of butter did not benefit this pay. Edward SBoribben, whilst working on a cutting at the railway deviation works at Lawson on Wednesday, was struck by a mass of rook and severely injured. The railway deviation works pay on Tuesday was the largest yet made, owing to the continued fine weather. Full time was worked by the men, and over £1000 paid out. A rumour spread through the city like wildfire last evening to the effect that 25 miners had been entombed in the Hetton Colliery by a fall of earth. Mr. Mathieson, when waited upon last evening, declared that there was not the slightest foundation for the rumour, which he specially wished should be emphatically contradicted. At the Bathurst Roman Catholic Cathe dral on Thursday in the presence of a large congregation, the reception of two sisters to the Convent of Mercy took place. The ceremony, which in the absence of the Bishop was conducted by the Very Rev. Dean M'Auliffo, of Forbes, was of a most imposing character. One of the young ladies, Miss Jessie Morgan, is the daughter of a well-known resident of Dubbo, and the other, Miss Blanche Mitchell, resides at Forbes. At the Lismore Quarter Sessions on Thurs day, Arthur T. Powell, charged with obtain ing cattle on false pretences, was found guilty, and sentenced to 18 months' gaol; on a second similar charge he was acquitted. Thomas Langley and James Ryde, charged with larceny, pleaded guilty, and were remanded for sentence. Robert Armstrong, charged with concealment of birth, pleaded guilty, and was remanded for sentence. Edward Byrne and Albert Edgerton, charged with uttering counterfeit coin, were sen tenced to four and three years' gaol rospee tively; on a second charge of having a burglar's outfit, they were sentenced to three years each, the sentences to be concurrent. Tommy Ah Gun, for disturbing the Salvation Army, was sentenced to 14 days' gaol. Robert Duncan, charged with the larceny of a saddle, and John Steadden, charged with cattle stealing, were both acquitted. At the Kiama Council meeting on Thurs. day, a letter was received from the Auitralian Mutual Provident Society replying to a re quest from the council to reduce the rate of interest from 6 per cent. on the loan of £4000. The society wrote, declining to make the reduction, and pointing out that the loan was not due until July, 1902; and that it could not be repaid before then without the express permission of the directors. In any case, it was stated that permission would not be granted without the imposition of a fine. A letter, dated April, 1894, was read from the society, giving the council per mission to pay off at quarterly payments any sum of not less than £100. A motion was carried, directing the society's attention to this letter. The aldermen consider 6 per oent- too high, according to the present state of the money market. A man named James Harrison was charged at the Bathurst Police Court on Thursday with attempting to pass a valueless £5 note on the Provincial and Suburban Bank of Melbourne, now closed. The prisoner was arrested in the mail train the same morning, and on the way to the lockup became very violent, trying hard to escape from custody. Finding this impossible, he kicked the constable severely, and bit him on the arm. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for attempting to pass the note, and three months for assaulting the constable. Har rison was only discharged from gaol on the previous day, and is a well-known character. Within the past few months several of these valueless notes have been in circulation at Bathurst, and in almost every instance the persons seeking to pass them have been dis charged prisoners from Bathurst Gaol. About the time the bank closed, now twelve years ago, hundreds of notes were stolen, and were not traced. "Sandy" writes :-In your issue of the 11th instant it is stated that Messrs. Curley and Fegan have each donated £56 to the strike fund. Is this only an instalment of their levy ? The miners' contribution during the strike period (that is those at work in the district) is 4s in the £. This amount, on the member for Bullock Island's £18 a week, would be over £38 for the 12 weeks during which the starvation game has lasted. While our secretary has only £3 10s a week from the miners, yet his " Government pay" (" commission") will equal £2 per week extra, thus he should pay on £11 10s per week, or £33 during the strike. I presume our other members, Messrs Edden, Watkins, Griffith, and Thomson, will have duly paid their £13. Mr. Black recently handed a cheque to his party for the amount received as a member of the Public Works Committee. Could Messrs. Fegan end Curloy not emulate ' Sthis practical sympathy by handing over their Public Works and Commission pickings in aid of the distressed families in the die -triot. A song lecture and concert will be given in the P.M. Church, TIighe's Hill, on Thursday, 23rd inst., at 7 o'clock. The subject of "The Religious Side of Robert Burne" will be dealt with by the Rev. D. Fraser at the Victoria Theatre to emorrow night. Anniversary services will be held to morrow at the Primitive Methodist Church, ,Adamstown, and a publio tea meeting on Monday evening. The Y.M.C.A. have issued a syllabus giving particulars of lectures, concerts, and other entertainments to be given under its auspices during the winter session. The a second lecture of the course is to be given on Monday, and a meeting of the newly formed ladies' auxiliary will also be held on that day. In the aubsoription list to a very handsome book published by David Douglas, of Edin burgh, and entitled "Records of the Clan and Name of Ferguson," we observe the nafe' of Dr. Ferguson, of this city. To all lovers of "Caledonia stern and wild" and of research in connection with its ancient families, the book will prove both interesting and instructive. \-- Mr. J. . Bbnarlus will sell at his rooms, at 10 00 to-day, household furniture ; at 11, men's clothing and sundries. Mr. M. A. Fraser will sell at his rooms, on Mon day, 20th instant, the unredeemed pledges left with Mr. Alfreed Green. Mr. E. W. Sparke will sell at Campbell's Hill, on Monday, 20th instant, as per order of sale, 275 head cattle, 400 sheep, and 00 pigs. Mr. Geo. T. Edwards will sell at his yards, on Wednesday next, 50 head of mixed cattle. OnFriday .next, at 2 o'clock, at his yards, 20 head fresh country horses, Messrs. Marshall end Blolaand will sell at the Muniepal Yards, Campbell's Bill, on Monday, 20th instant, at 11 o'clock, 60 head fat cattle and 277 wethers. Mr. J. Enright will sell on the ground, High street, East Maitland, on Friday, 24th instant, at noon, a piece of land fronting High- sreet, East Maitland, 'with'two w.b. cottages. Mr. O. IC. Young will sellat fank Hotel, East Maitland, on Friday, 24th inst, at 3 o'clock, IHoly roed House, in William-street, East Maitland, Homeville Cottage, adjoining the same, a villa resit dence in Bonar-streeet, West Maitland, and five allot ulents. Messrs J. N. Brunker and Son will sell at Camp bell's Hill, on Monday, 20th inost., at 11 o'clock, 145 bead fat cattle, 600 wethers, and 100 pigs, At the rooms, West Maitland, on Saturday, 20th iat., at x.80 o'clock, in the estate of the late James Gould, an agricultural farm situated at Fishery Creek. 