CiiAiTKR XXV.-DAISY'S DIARY IX JOY. I am; engaged to Gilbert Florearan. Al lout I understand what it is to bc an engaged girl, and henceforward I shall be able to sympathise with every engaged girl in this world, of whatever nation, of whatever colour, whether she wear ostrich feathers and dia- monds in her head at the Court nf St. James's, or u feather-girdle in Borne unknown islet of the South Seas, whet her she spend her allow- ance on frocks or on beads. Ves, tilt 1 am ninety, till 1 am cold in death, 1 shuli be able to sympathise with every lover and every loved one upon earth, for now I know what love means. I know that it means every- thing. It means the colour of the sky, and the brightness of tho sun-it ineaus the perfume of flowers and the freshness of morning-it means the balmy noontide, and it means tho restful coolness of green waving boughs ; it means lamplight at eventide in cosy, gracious drawing-rooms-it means blind-man's holiday beside the morning-room fire ! It means all these ; for all these have double beauty, and charin, and comfort and sweetness since Gilbert aud I were engaged. What will Cyril think, down at the bottom of this mund globe, when he hears that Gilbert and 1 arc to be married on the first day of the ucw year ? What can lie think, except that I um Un: lighest and most contemptible young woman he ever had the misfortune to count among his acquaintance. lluatrice Reardon has been very nice to me. She says that I have nothing to bc ashamed about in thc transaction. It is customary. It is, one may nay, a rule of thc gamo. When people break off an engagement, even if they have been engaged for years, and have doted on each other, all the time, it is their duty to get engaged to other people without the slightest loss of time. They owe thiB to their own dignity. A girl who lias the slightest self-respect will gel engaged withiu a week after the parting, even if she has to marry a chimney-sweep. " Of course," said I, " that is what Claire does in the ' Ironmaster,' and everyone knows what a perfect heroine she was." "If you can just tolerate Mr. Florestan, you may consider yourself very lucky," said Beatrice. " Whoa I heard you were going to marry him, I made up my mind that he was absolutely loathsome to you." "Hid you?" cried I. Curious, isn't it! I really can just submit to the idea of a future existence as his wife. I shall live next door to mother, and that will be some consola- tion." I meant to write everything in this diary. It was to be " my novel," the romance of my life, with all its bright colours and all its dark shadows ; it was to be a book to whose pages I could look back when I am middle-aged and when I am old, and live again all thc happiest hours of my youth, and awaken echoes of old voices and vivid smiles, andevery thought, feel ingand fancyoftbepassinghonr. Thewheelsof the chariot rall on so swiftly when one is happy. One should try at least to put a break upon memory ; and for that there is only one way-pen and ink. Ves, I meant the story of my life to com- plete : and yet I am going to leave one little blank-a little blank did I say-a blank which represents the crisis of my existence, thc turning point between dull patience and con- súmate bliss. I cannot write the mode and manner of my engagement, that Budden passage from liberty to boudage, when he took me tn his arms, in the arbour when we were once so miserable, and called me " wife." Wife, as if we were married already. Absurd, no doubt, to the indifferent reader, but the word thrilled my heart. I cannot write of his kisses, or count them as if they were pounds, shillings, and pence in thc housekeeper's book. I cannot write all the sweet foolishness of his talk, the un- deserved praises, thc intoxicating flatteries, which ho protested were not flatteries. Of those ridiculous moments I can keep no record. Perhaps if I had been let iu at the Gate of Paradise for half an hour I should not be able to describe the heavenly garden when I came out again. It is the same with that half-hour in the arbour. He talked, and I listened, and we were engaged. That is my only record. On the Bame cvoning, however, wc had a very serious conversation on thc terrace after dinner. Mother was in ber favourite seat by the drawing-room window. Uncle Ambrose was pacing the room. We could see them both in the lamplight BS WC walked slowly up and down. The evening was wonderfully warm and balmy for the end of September, and the great full moon was rising behind Lamford Church tower ; this being thc third moon we have worn out since we left Lam- ford. We talked of thc moon a little, and he quoted Shelley, whom he knows as well BB if be had competed for ono of Mrs. Crawshay's prises : and then I ventured to ask him a question which had been burning my tongue ever siuce we became engaged, just four hours and a half. It is wonderful what those four hours had done for me. I felt as much at my ease with him as if bad been engaged for three 'weeks, and I began to understand the cool audacity of girls who send their financés on messages and mako light of them in company, and Sic free and easy manners of those motherly girls who mend their sweethearts' gloves, and scold them for spilling things upon their waistcoats, and put diachlum- plaisteron their wounds. " Will you bc very angry if I ask you a question ?" I asked. " I should be angry if you wished to ask me anything and didn't, he said. "Being your slave what should I do-." " Please don't," I cried. " Cyril quoted that sonnet once, and I waa quite rude to bim about it. I shouldn't like you to quote anything second-hauduJ. Yet it is a lovely sonnet, isn't ic.''I added apologetically, for thc tine bounded sweet from him. Cyril was not in touch with my ideas aboutShalce epeare.', He laughed, and answered with a most unnecessary kiss. " You really wouldn't mind ?" I asked. " From those lips all words arc dear." " Were you ever in love with onybody be- fore you liegan to care for me ?" " Ali, I thought that question would come. Shall I answer you Jesultically or honestly ?" "Oh, honestly, please; bo brutal to mc rather than dishonest. Of course I am pre- pared for the worst. You must have adored ever BO many girls before you carno to let your glances light upon insignificant me." " Ever so many. That's a large order. Suppose I plead guilty to two. I wish I had never looked at a woman, or at least never wasted a thought upon one till I saw you. I shouldn't, if I had only known what was com- ing." " Do you really think I am as nice SB thc other two ?" I asked, comforted by those sweet words." " I think you are to them as a wild rose en a hedge in the dewy morning compared with adoublcdahlia in theheat and dust and glare of tent No, 2 at a flower show, You arc as the freshness of the morning, and they »melt of gas. The first could not help that, poor eonl, for it was across the footlights my heart went out to her." "She was very pretty. That was just fifteen years ago, mark' you, I was at Eton. She is a burlesque aotross, and I saw her in the daintiest little villager's dress you can conceive, dancing as lightly as a real fairy, end not a stage one. Yes, Daisy," lie said gravely, " I plead guilty to being over head and ears in love with Miss Millicent Melville, of the Hilarity, fifteen years ago, for the whole space of the Christmas holidays. I was stone-broke for ber sake, and spent all my tips upon theatre tiokets, hothouse flowers and chocolate caramels. I delivered the flowers to the eurley stage doorkeeper, who may have sold them to thc minor members of the troop for ought I kuow. 1 never got speech of my houri, and I was heart-broken when I discovered, upon unimpeachable authority,that nhc had a husband and five children. How she did it-how BIIC looked so lovely and sylphlike andchildisbly innocent, with au eating and drinking, and swearing mau and five brats to work for I never been able to undcrBtaud." " Was she number one?" I asked. " Yea, was she number one." " In that case 1 forgive you your first love. And now tell me about your second." " That is a graver case, Daisy. I cannot make light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail mo with naper pellets that time. His arrows were barbed, und tho barbs were poisoued. I loved a woman who was un- worthy of my love, Daisy. I passed through the scathing fire of a wasted passion-" " You loved ber us well us vou laved me 5" I asked, feeling just us if 1 had dropped from a paradiso in yonder moon down to a hard, cruel earth. " All my gladness pcgUhed in one gasp- ing sigh. I felt sure he had cared 'nore for her than for me. " I am afraid I must plead guilty to haviug loved lier very dearly while my love lasted, Daisy ; but the cure was a clean cure. There was not so much os a scar left from the old wound by thc time I mut you in Paris ; aud flow that hour 1 was yours and yours only." " And if I had not broken with Cyril, what should you have done ?" " Lived on my roaming, desultory li.'e, and suffered the duli ugony of an empty heart." *' Were you really unhappy in Scotland, in spite nf grouse and cappor-cailzies and things." "In spito of as fine a stag as was ever stalked, which this hand slow thc day before I casually heard that Arden bad sailed- in the big new ship for Colombo. " " And would you not have found some new divinity before Christmas ?" It was delightful to have him there and to be able to catechise him ; yet I could not help being savagely jealous of that unknown tove, the number two in hie calendar. I could not feel that it was nice of him to tell mc the truth, even at thc risk of offending mo oven for life. " Tell nie about thiit uecond fiamoof yours," I said agonised with curiosity. " Was ehe very lovely ?" " She was splendidly handsome, a woman whose diamonds seemed more brilliant than those of other women, because they so harmonised with her bold bright beauty. I was among many worshippers, andi happened to bc tile most eligible of her adorers from a mati imonial point of view, and so she was gracious to me, and so I was her slave-" "Did she jilt you ?" I asked, for there was a bitterness in his tone which assured mo the dear creature had treated him abominably. I could have hugged her for it. " Well, it tras hardly a ease of jilting. If I were to write my story I should call the book ' Illusion and Disillusion.' I was fortun- ate enough to find her out-before marriage instead of afterwards. My innocent little Daisy can hardly guess what a world of misery that discovery saved me." "I don't want to guess," I said, "but there is one thing I should like lo know Gilbert." I blushed in the moonlight, and trembled at my own audacity as I pronounced his Christian name. I had my arm through his, and found my- self giving Iiis arm a gentle squeeze now and then juBt to make sure that he was real, and that all the ecstasy of this hour was not a moonlit dream. " Ask as many questions as you like, fair Fatima. There is no blue chamber in my memory, of which you may not open the door." " It does not pain you to speak of that wicked person ?" " Not a whit. No more than it would pain me to talk of Cleopatra." " But at the time of your disillusion-did lovo die all at once, or by inches ?" "Love died in an hour; but there was something, the shadow and memory and after taste of passion which was plagnily long a dying." " Is it dead yet?" I asked frightened. " Dead as a doornail. Dead as Scrooge's partner, old Marley ; deader, for no ghost of that vanished feeling will ever haunt me. I was heart-whole, sound as a roach that night I met you at the Grand Opera, and from that night I was your slave. ' "Oh, that ie nonsense," I cried, "you could not huvo cared for me all at once, a commonplace English person like me. What was there in my poor fuce to catch your eye ?" " Innocence, truth, candour. The virtues which make man's life blessed and honourable. I saw poetic loveliness, aud through that transparent beauty I saw thc true and pure heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin-gold flaw- less, above price." " Don't, don't," I cried, standing on tiptoe to put my hand upon his lips. "This last illusion ÍB worse than thc first or the second. How can I ever live up to such an idea as you have made ont of mo?" " Only love me, Daisy ; there ÍB no more to do." " Oh, tbat conics too easy. I did that be- fore I woe asked." Mother's voice calling us from the open window put an cud to our confidential talk, but my heart was quite at ease now that 1 knew the history of his earlier loves. If he .had told me he had never been in love before be saw mc I should certainly have not believed him ; and I should have been tortured for all thc years lo come by inextinguishable din truBt. All this happened nearly a month ago, though I couldn't bring myself to write about it before to-day ; and perhaps I should not be writing now if Gilbert had not been obliged to go to London to sec his snlictor-our first parting- leaving me to get through the day eomebow without him. The grounds look BO dreary, the shrubberies seem so empty-and ah, what ages to eight o'clock dinner, when he will be back. (7'o be continued.) 