A STROKE OF LUGE. Though ruinad, Carlen Castle sat proudly upon its steep acclivity, its demanded and . crumbling1 keep on the seaward summit, its fine castellated gateway facing landward with stately defiance, and looking up a long valley between chalk hills. It made a good point of view from Carlen House — a modern white mansion on the opposite \- hill-slope, half hidden by thick beechwoods, which, screened bv each hill from the salt sea winds, climbed both hills, the slopes of which, meeting in a broad V, allowed a j glimpse of sea from the level high road ? running through the village ac the foot of i the castled hill. These ruins were among the show places of the county, and the object of many excursions and picnics the summer long ; but chiefly in the tourist season, when Carlen tolk gathered a double .harvest — one from the fields and another from visitors, whose four-horse coaches, waggonettes, 'and char-a-bancs clustered thickly outside the Carlen Arms and the ' Castle Inn, in company with innumerable ,'. bicycles, the riders of which found it easier .to climb the steep wooded road to the Castle gate without wheels. Though of steep ascent, it was a fair road, screened by beech and ash, offering lovely prospects, . and. passing on arches over 'be dry moat. A groove for a portcullis showed what once bad been, and loop-holes in each beautifully rounded turret by the vaulted entrance re called days when the bows of English yeo man were feared. Inside the heavy oaken gate was level greensward, closely shaven and shaded by trees; near thegateway wasa stone cottage with mullioned windows amid much greenery and bloom, and a plot of garden ground. Here lived the old gatekeeper and his wife. Another garden, free of the shadows of the towers, lay beneath the broken wall opposite the castellan's cottage. It was enclosed by wire fencing, and led to a modern Tudor house, built into the ruins out of old and weathered stone. This garden had down the middle a broad turf walk bordered with old-fashioned flowers — lavender, stocks, and carnations — behind which were espalier iVuit trees, making a light fencing for vege tables beyond. The slim figures of two young women, wearing straw sailor hats, cotton blouses, and dark plain skirts, moved over the sunny turf among the flowers. One girl was sweeping the fine short grsss, newly mown, with a heath broom, the other was busy tying carnations; their voices sounded high and clear as they moved and talked. 'Gerald has shown me his hand, Mar gie,' said the girl with the broom. ' Oh, these men, when they try to scheme they are so delightfully transparent ! How they plume themselves on the subtlety of their little wiles and lures !' ' And what is his little game ?' asked Margie, who was kneeling by the carnations, which were just bursting out Into spicy pink and crimson bloom. ' The usual refuge of the destitute, child ? —to marry an heiress.' \ 'Gerald?' cried Margie. 'Why, he's going to marry me — so people say,' ' Not Gerald, goosey. His friend, this precious young Carr, who, according to him, is a lovely blend of Apollo and Adonis, with a spic of Bayard thrown in.' 'Dear Eosalind, it's no use to fight agiinst Fate and suiters. Marry one, and yon'U be rid of the rest. Have him ?' ' To spite the others ? No, Margie ; my only chance is to disguise myself in poverty, and go a-hunting for a dis interested husband. Havo him yourself, nud 'eave Grald to me. He'd be a world the better for a gnod heart-break. He .couldn't marry mo, you see. He thinks , cousins' marriages, wicked. So do I — but that's neither here nor there. By the way, . when is this obarmiDg youth to arrive? To-night or to-morrow 1' 'He dines with ua to-night, and he couldn't do that unless he had arrived, ojuld he?1' 'His astral body might. I'll be as hideous es I can, at all events — wear that green gown. I wonder what Frascr will do wben he finds I have mown and swept Lis grass.' ' Fraser will probably swear.' Rjsalind left the enclosed garden and leant on her broom, whistling softly, as if lost in thought. Margery eat on a bit of broken wall hard by, arranging a bunch of carnations, tying them with a piece of bast that hung round her neck, and singing. : Her skirt was soiled with garden mould, and tucked up on one sMe j her fair hair ' was lufftiii, Rosalind's darker hair had become loosened by exeroise, and her fringe numbed off he* foroho&d; \\\x\$Qr; h^r hat, a hat once white, but now browned by sun and rain. Both girls were looking at the heavy oaken gates fitted in the stone archway, and barred and crossed for Btrengtb, when the large bell, hanging in side by the lintel, swung to and fro with load clanging. ' Poor Grannie ! She was up all night with the child, and she's sound asleep now. And Eliao gone to cut grass ? ' 'I'll open the gate; Granny shan't be waked,' cried Margery, springing to her feet, and going, with the bast Btill over her shoulder, to the gate. ' Those 'Arries ring such tremendous peale, enough to wake the dead !' She nnhaspad and opened a wicket in the g*te, disclosing in the shadow of the vaulted gateway two men, one with a cigarette in his mouth. ' Can we see the Castle ?' he asked, in a well-toned voice, removing the cigarette to speak, and replacing it. ' Certainly,' she replied ; ' step in.' The young man stepped in, followed by his companion, also young. Margery closed the wicket behind them, and resumed her seat and her occupation, while the two men stood just inside and looked round them, ?eeing in the foreground Eosalind, leaning pensively on her broom, but no longer whistling, with the broken walla of grey stone, the little modern Tador house, through an open window of which the re mains of a frugal luncheon could be seen, and the distant keep for a background. Fall sunshine threw her face into shadow, and lit up the faoes of the two men. The first was dark and tall, with a beautiful, close-shaven face ; he wore a soft felt bat with a pinched crown and slightly-sweeping brim, the belted tunic closed to the throat, called a Norfolk jacket, and knickerbockers of thinner and more clinging stuff than is usual. Sightly and straightly built, and wearing stockings that disclosed the real shape of the leg, instead of exaggerating the too great thickness characteristic of English limbs, he made a graceful and, by contrast with others, even picturesque figure ; his movements were graceful, there was a suggestion of knightly charm in bis look and bearing. His friend was of stur dier build, with grey eyes and light-brown hair ; he was an inch or two shortor than his comrade, but not short. He wai in white flannels nnd crioket cap; brown faced and bearded. ' Not 'Arries,' Rosalind reflected, as she scanned them with a careless glance, her obin resting on the eartb-atained hande fllaenod afcove her. bropm£it}?K» The dark man sent a quick, sweeping glance over the whole picture, scarcely noticing the figure in the foreground, but particularly observing the small house built of old stones. ' Jove ! what an owl's nest !' he ex claimed tvith a dissatisfied air. 'What would you have?' his friend replied ; ' romantic old place, fine ruins, surely.' u One doesn't sell one's soul for an owl's nest or a heap of ruins.' ' Oh ! aa to that,aools are cheap enough, once in the market,' the deeper voice re plied. 'Let's rest and be thankful,' he added, dropping himself on a garden seat and stretching his legs comfortably in front of him, with his hands in his pockets. Jolly old place, Carr. Very good specimen of a feudal stronghold. Norman keep well preserved. Carlen House on the hill oppo site. Perpendicular chapel yonder,' nod diDg his head slightly to the right, where, opposite the dwelling-house, a perfect and richly- trac6ried window in a roofless chancel was partially revealed among some beeches. Rosalind had moved away; the bell again sounded. Sne hastened to the gate and let in a party of ladies, while Margery said that she would go quietly into the cot tage and put the kettle on for Grannie's tea, in case she waked. ' Dear old Grannie i3 still asleep ; I hope no one .7ill rouse her,' she said, five minutes later, on com ing out of the cottage, and addressing Rosa lind, who was answering questions, and giving the dates and builders of different parts of the Castle for the benefit of the inquisitive men visitors. 'The present owner is not a De Carlen, I think ?' the dark man asked, forgetting, despite his knightly appearance, to remove bis cigarette. ' No, an Ormonde ; the male line has twice been broken. Here lies the last Da Carlen.' They were now in the ruined chapel, grasg-grown, and dotted with stone tomb3 and broken effigies of mailed knights. ' Very good of the owner to show her eustle to the public,' Carr said. ' It must be a bore to her, though. Tnis Miss Ormonde probably courts popularity, eh ?' ' Miss Ormonde is not too poor to be popular,' was Rosalind's somewhat dark reply. 'Rustic irony,' Carr murmured to Brandon. ' A plain woman ?' he asked of Rosalind. ' Remarkably plain.' «« And such a temper I' added Margery, With vicious oniph^ie, 'But young, surely young!' be pro tested, as if her age were a personal injury to bi«n. ' We'l, certainly not so young as she was, poor lady. Scill, she must be under fifty,' added Margery. 'Ha! What did I tell, you, Brandon? A frumpish, crosB old maid. No one was ever good enough to marry her, I Buppose ?'' to Rosalind. ' Tuosa who ask heiresses seldom are.' Cirr laughed a joyous boy's laugh. 'Wise women are still found ia these parts, you see, Brandon,' h? said, 'and witches too,' he added, with a side g'anca at Margery. ' Thi3 little thirteenth-century window is much admired,' Rosalind said brusquely, lifting some ivy that hung down. ' You are attached to the place ?'' asked Brandon. ' Hive livad here long ? You don't tire of showing it ?' ' I am attached to it — like a tree or a serf. I never tire of showing it to people who are interested,' she replied smiling. ' As for me, I am quite in love with the place,' Brandon sighed with the intent bat respectful glance at the bright and intelli gent face of the guide. ' I could be very, very happy in that little housi, Carr,' ho added. ' My good Brandon, you could be happy anywhere with tha pen and a pip*. I'll ba bound you're hatching a sonnet this moment — savage because you can't rhyme st^ne. ' Would I could bone the whole of thi3 stone ? ' ' ' And the mistress ? ? ?' 'Condone.. There's th9 rub you see. We'll take the sea-view and the tilt-yard for granted this broiling- day,' he added, turning back to Brandon, who was choosing some photograph sot out on a little table b?neath the cottage window. ' I can't afford to spoil my complexion or ovortire myself to-day. The dragon must be fac^d this evening and tha siege bsgui at once.' ' If you do spoil your lovely mug, you might still powder for the evening,' sug gested Brandon, ' and put on a fresh p.»ir of stays,' ' Too great; a grind, old Timon. * Oh ! for a breaker full of of warm South ; full of tha true, the blashful Hip——' ' Or some ginger-pop ; it's only a p'nny,' suggested Margery, looking up with merry, bright eyes, and laying her slender forefinger on a stone bottle on the table, while Rosalind packed Brandon's views in an envelope and gave him change. ' With a kiss thrown in ?' whispered Oarr, as wii-b. a sudden deft movement, he threw his arms round Margery and brought his face close to hers just in time to receive such a well-intentioned, single-hearted box on the ear as made the archway echo, startled the owls and bats, sent a cloud of pigeons scurrying up on the ruined wall?, staggered the recipient of it, and convulsed Brandon and Rosalind between indignation and laughter ; but did not waka Grannie — or, at least, only enough to season her nap with conscious enjoyment and an agreeable reflection that her work was bsing admirably done for her. Margery's pretty, merry face was white with anger as she moved haughtily away. Carr, very red, with three white Btripes on his cheek, was the first of the four to recover composure; he moved off with a muttered apology and a forced jest about striking arguments, and seating himself in the shadow of the broken wall, where a room had once been, began to smoke fiercely. ' Hard hit for once, my good Wilfred,' Brandon said, joining him, after a civil ' good morning ' to Rosalind. ' Jolly little girl that. Straightforward. No nonsense about her. Hits out as if she meant it.' 'D — n 1' observed Sir Wilfred brirfly. ' Wretch !' Mirgory sobbed under the shadow of a cedar that reached from the ruined upper room, whither she had fl d, to the wall under which the two men were smoking, ' Nasty ! horrid ? ' ' Nonsense, child !' interrupted R ^sa lind ; ' after all, perhaps it served us right for lotting them think us ? ' ' Us, indeed ! Nobody kissed you !' ' Or you either. Come, come !' con tinued Rosalind, drawing her cousin gently along the narrow path on the first storey of the ruin to a deep recsssed window in tha cool thickness of the wall, where they could sit comfortably, ' you had the best of it, Maggie. I don't think he'll want any more ginger-pop just yot, do you? Oh, hush! look!' Both paeped through tha unglazad win dow, which was partially hidden by cedar boughs, and saw, immediately beneath them, the eubj cts of their conversation. Qa.rr? thfl white majfes etU} qh his fluahe^ cheeks had thrown his hat on the turf I before him, and waa speaking with unusual energy. ' If good looks were virtue?, he'd soon be in Paradise,' whispered Rosalind. ' Ah ! Miss Dragon, he'd have got no ginger-pop irom you,' murmured Mar gery, laughing, with the tears still on her peach-like cheeks and in her merry eyes. ' I don't care,' Carr was saying empha tically, 'I must have her, or I shall be clean stone broke.' ' What ! marry a spiteful frumpish old maid for an owl's nest and a heap of ruins ?'' asked Brandon composedly. ' And half the country and heaven knows -tvhat besides. It's positively sinful for all that fine property to be thrown away on a woman. It ought not to be allowed in any Christian country.' ' Well, but what would make stone broke vouths do with no heiresses to anarry?' (i Positively Binful !' he repeated with pious energy. 'And here am 1, with at least two-thirds of my rents unpaid, and all kinds of burdens on the estates and the mater's jointure, and her house, and the girl's portions, not to speak of their keep, and mortgages here and there and every where, and a run of ill-luck at Monte Carlo last March, and losing heavily on Glendower, and that beast of a trainer let ting Young Lochinvar be got at, besides — one must have one's fling now and then; one can't always live like an anchorite ? ?' ' Did you ever — ' drawled Brandon slowly— 'ah— try ?' 'I can't understand the principles on ?which this beast of a world is governed,' complained Carr pathetically. ' Here is this d — n — what's this creeping inside my cellar ?' he said, putting up his hand, ' Little stones.' *' Old crone?' 'Unmarried woman, positively rolling ia riches. Dover says she has a whole coal mine to herself.' 'To roll in?' ' And here am I — oh ! I'll make the plunge — though she's as ugly as sin, as old as Methuselah, aa stupid as an owl, as ill tempered as a sick bear, and as wicked as the devil, I'll have her, I say. Confound It !' he cried, putting up his baud to his collar again, ' what can this be V u The family ghost protesting,' ex plained Brandon with a delighted grin, as ids eye followed a thin stream of mortar from inside Sir Wilfred's collar to its source in a slender hand vanishing in the window. 4t Bat suppose she won't have you ? She . anu3t be a dab at refusing by this time.' ' She's a woman,' Sir Wilfred returned with a singular smile. 'Oh, confound this dustl'! he added, shifting his position; ** it's all over the place. She should keep it in better repair. She's a woman, Arthur.' ' Most heiresses are ; still, they some times refuse.' ' They refuse some men. Confound it all ! the whole blessed place is coming down !' he cried, jumping up under a ehower of stone-chips and dust and turning with well-powdered hair to look up at the window, where no living thing could be seen. Let as cub this. The horses will be at the foot of the hill.' Long level rays of a setting sun ware filling one of a suite of drawing-rooms opening picturesquely into each other at Carlen Huuee, when Eosalind entered it that evening. She looked at the western glory, looked away, and went into another — a south facing room — where she saw her self in a full-length mirror with the red dening radiance streaming past and touch ing her paarl-white satin skirts. ' ' As ugly as sin, as ill-tempered as a sick bear1}' was that it, Margie ?' Margery, in white laca over blue, laughed; the first guest was announced, and another and another. Two men, whose names did not reach the hostess, were joined and received by Gerali Dover and Jed up to her. ?'At last, Rosalind,' her cousin paid — ' here, at last, is my old fiiend, Sir Wilfred Carr.' Sir Wilfred's gaze hid vainly sought the plain, old-maidish frump ho expected ; ho Avas a little dazzled by the sunset light from the room behind his hostess, she who ex prossed cordial pleasure at seeing her cousin's friend, so well known to her by xeporfc, in a voice that made him look up in her face with a start. He saw a slim, graceful figure in shining satin draperies, with gleaming arms and fair white neck boniocking the unusually fine pearls she wore. She had kind brown eyes, dark hair curling low on a broad open brow, a lirra mouth with little humorous dimples at the corners, and a congenial condescen sion in her manner, which was one of wel come ; and yet she was like — cold chills ran over him at the thought — she was very like the girl with the broom, the old hat, and the tucked-up ekirts and sleeves who showed the ruins. And alas 1 innocently smiliug it her side in blue and white was the very prstty fair-haired girl by -whom he had been so hard hit an hour or two since. ' Plain — with such a temper — frumpish — not yet 50 — not too poor to be popular — the dragon to bn faced ! Good Lord 1 I've done it this time, and no mistake,' be thought, trying to remember how much Miss Ormonde could have heard. ' A nasty trick to play on a man !' For a moment, realising that the game was lost, he was taken aback, and utterly routed ; but by the time Brandon had been pre sented to Miss Ormonde and his blushing self made known to Miss Margery Stainep, he was, as he expressed it, 'all there ' again, and so cool and apparently uncon scious of what had gone betore as almoBt to persuade Rosalind, when she found herself following her gtrsst? in to dinner on this amiably-chatting person's arm, that he and the picturesque youth of the Castle were different people. Carlen Castle, unlike Sir Wilfred, was blushing beautifully in the sunset on the hill, in sight of .the windows of the largp, cool hall in which they were dining. Mr. Brandon, who took Margery in, commented upon its beauty to her. 'Isn't it a dear old owl's nest?'' Miss Ormonde struck in ; ' we are fond of our heap of ruins, are we not, Maggie V ' And the ghost. I often envy you your family ghost,' Margery replied. ' I never had so much as a grandfather.' ' Ah ! Do you like this hot weather, Mna Ormonde ?'' Sir Wilfred inquired with tender solicitude. 'Not much, it's so unbecoming. One turns brown, and that makes us ugly as sin.' ' Surely not. Sunburn becomes some people,' he insinuated, with great sweet ness. 'The sun turns me red,' Margery kindlv explained ; ' then my head aches, and I'm as stupid as an owl.' 'Have you some iced seltzer?' Sir Wilfred asked a servant. ' Nothing- so refreshing as iced seltzer,' he unnecessarily informed his hostess. ' Did you ever try ginger-pop, Sir Wilfred? There's nothing so cooling as ginger-Dop on a hot afternoon. We have it at the Castle sometimes, Margie and I. Only a penny. It gratifies one's avarice, though one is not too poor to be popular.' ' Are you much at the Castle, Miss Ormonde ? ' Brandon inquired,, with the pleasant air of one introducing a charming topic. ' It depends. Sometimes Margie and I go there for luncheon, especially when things go wrong, and it's too hot, or too cold, and one feels as ill-tempered as — as a sick bear.' ' Surely, Miss Ormonde, that can never be,' objected the polite Sir Wilfred. ' Such a soothing, tranquilising place to dream and lay schemes in,' continued the pitileBS Rosalind. ' Perhaps you know it, Mr. Brandon V ' I think I have some vaguo memories of the place, Miss Ormonde. How good of you to let people see it I I hope your kindness is never abused. No doubt 'Arriee come there often,' ' Oh, yes ; and ReggieB and Johnnies, and all sorts. There's an 'Arry season and a Reggie season. We have some queer specimens there sometimes.' Sir Wilfred, pensively smiling, as one whose mind is absorbed by some ethereal subject, here descended from some summit of lofty speculation and asked for opinions on Mr. Irviog's . latest Shakesperian im personation. ' I can't endure Irving in young cha racter.?, such as ' Hamlet 'and ' Romeo,' ' Rosalind said. ' They make him look as old as Methuseloh.' ' And Ellen Terry is scarcely so young as she was,' Brandon politely hinted. *' She must be under 50, though, Mr. Brandon,' R -salind gently corrected ; ' but what is that to a genius ?' 'Dj you — ah! — do you like Ib3en V asked the unfortunate Carr, addressing Margery. ' I don't know. I mayn't know without aRking my mamma,' she replied demurely. ' People's mammas don't seem to admire him.' — ' It is quite possible to objeot to problem plays and Ibsenism, without being an abso lute dragon of propriety,' Rosalind corro borated with severity, ' and Miss Staines is still young and —tender. A shipwrecked crew might eat her, like Little Billee in the ballad.1' 'Till I'm roused,' corrected Miss Staines; ' then I can bo as wicked — -*s tho devil.' ' Aye, and hit as bard,' Sir Wilfred was heard acidly murmuring between his teeth, as Rosalind rather suddenly rose, and he went to open the door for the ladies, ' What the deuca is the matter with those two girls to-night ?' Garald Dover wondered to himself when they were gone. ' Carr hasn't made any running as yet. I doubt if he ever will.' ' My dearest Margery,' said the vicar's wife on reaching tho drawing-room, ' I am grieved to hear you allowing yourself the sad license of speech characteristic of too many young woman of the present day.' ' It was horrid of me. wasn't it ?' she smiled back with infantile cheerfulness and candour ; ' but it was only a quotation, after all.' ' Not from Ibsen, I earnestly trust.' ' Oh, no ! not from Ibson, dear ; it didn't sound Ibscene, now, did it ?*' ' I am happily unacquainted with these new writers, my dear, so I cannot tell.' 'But why,' asked Brandon of his hostess, later in tho evening, ' did you say you were ugly ? Wore you never taught that it is wrong to toll stories Y' ' I beg your pardon, Mr. Brandon. I sal I was plain, and so I am — both in speech and action.' ' Well ! but Miss Staines doolarod that your temper was something awful.' ' Such a temper,' she said. ' She meant such a delightfully sweet temper. But I can't answer for it myself. It was kind of Margie, though.' They were having coffee on a terrace, whence the Castle, all silver-steeped in moonlight, and a peep of sea between the two hill-slopes, could be Been. Cock chafers were still droning in the almond scented clematis, a little warm breeze stirred the beech-tops, yellow corn stood in aisles on a slope above the peaceful village, where little orange dots suggested homesteads, the tree-shadowed lawns and dim, dreaming flowers looked magical and unreal in the silvery light. Arthur Brandon's thoughts ran into involuntary rhyme j he had never been so happy in his life. Yet he wished the never-before-coveted burden of riches were his ; still more he wished Rosalind Ormonde poor. Sir Wilfred and Borne other Vaudals were spoiling the dewy flower-sceDts with cigars, Sir Wilfred wondering1 if ho could possibly put up with the promised week at Gerald Dover's sea side cottage and continual meetings with the Carlen people after this unlucky fiasco. ' And to crown all,' he reflected, ' I must needs try to kiss the wrong girl. How like my luck !' But even Carr was far happier than he deserved to be ; the dust and stones incom moding him in the afternoon now strewed the carpet of his dressing-room ; - he had a sort of vague idea that the best thing would be to sit on the terrace for ever and watch the tiny ship sailing far and far away on the moonlit sea, and the proud Castle dreaming in the mystic light of its vanished glories, and the village nestling in the foliage by the church tower at the foot of the castled steep. But Brandon, the brief less, the impecunious, the blessed, saw more ; he saw a shadowy company of plumed knights ride with far-off clang' over - the drawbridge, saw the moon rays glitter ing on tho steel breaot-plates of menat arms; Baw banners fluttering lightly aa the grey moths on the terrace, fair ladies leaning from the battlements. Nay, fairer ladies than any of old moved in white shining raiment among the flower scents on ? the terrace, tht-ir To'ces had the hushed charm imparted by the open air and still ness, their eyes were softer than silvery summer stars iu the pale moonlit sky. Minstrels of old dared pay homage of song to lovely chatelaines — but now — a minstrel is an ugly black dress suit and hideous breast-plate of amorphous white linen ! Buf- this modern chatelaine, her pearls ha'f mufflad in a silken scarf, happened to turn just then and meet the full gaze of the silent minstrel's eye, so that for one brief and beautiful moment two young hearts leaped together iu a blissful throb. Cos tume changes, custom elters, old castles and old codes and even creeds fall in ruins, but youth and j -y, love, innccence and song, are the same throughout all ages. A few days later Wi'fred Carr fouad himself waiting with a beating heart in the library of Carlen House, whither . he had been summoned by its young mistress for a piivate couference. 'What could. she want with him ?'' he asked himself, as be stood by the opsn window and looked at the towered gateway, shadowel now with morning light behind it, and tbe cornfields, and sea, robbed now of their moonlight glamour. He bad not long to wait ; the ' plain' woman quickly entered, and after a grave salutation, plunged at once into the topic in hand. ' Sir Wilfred,' she said gently, ' I am told that your sff ^irs are greatly embarrassed ; pray do not think me obtrusive in asking if such is the case.' _ Such, he mournfully replied, certainly was the case ; it was too kind of Misa Ormonde to bo interested in the matter, but he was about to appear in the 'Gazette.' ' Well, now,' Miss Ormonde continuoo*, with a genuine, delightful, old-fashioned blush, and an agreeable hesitation in her speech, 'it would give me — ah — very great pleasure to be able — and to be permitted — to help you to some slight extent — to pay off — that is to say, to avoid liquida tion ? ' Sir Wilfred turned pale ; he was starr ing ; he placed both hands on the top of a chair to steady himself. ' Good Lord I she's going to propose !' ho thought, ' and I shall have to have her.' Ha said some thing unintelligible, but as she was not listening, and he had not the least notion of what he was saying, it was of no ? qoence. 'Wou'd,'she falterel, with deepening blushes and a husky voice, 'would ten thousand pounds be of any use to you T ' Wouldn't it ?' he exclaimed, catching his breath and becoming straight as a lance in a second ; ' it would just trim the boat, that, and emptying tho etablea, and so on.' ' Then please — please,' in a humble and suppliant voice, handing him a slip of paper, ' take it.' He was silent, with quivering lips and brimming eyes. Ho certainly was a hand some fellow, Rosalind thought. ' But not to Monte Carlo,' sho added, with a little tremulous laugh, as, with some broken words of deprecation, ho took it. ' No, not there,' ho faltered, too much overcome for thanks. ' And no soul must know, romember. No, no interest, no acknowledgment. And,' Bhe aclded with a little pause, '* don't pay court to my Margie unless you really love her.' 'Ahl but I do — I do from the very .bottom of my heart, Miss Ormonde.' . ' He's going to reform and liv^e on penny buns and ginger-pop,' Eosilind told Margie that evening ; ' I wonder if auy kisses will be thrown in ?' . 'I wish,' Margery sighed, ' I wiah I hadn't hit him quite bo hard, poor fellow.' ' Young rascal !' added Rosalind with acerbity ; ' it was a stroke of luck far too good for him.' 