FAILURES WHICH LED TO BIG SUCCESSES. The world 'is full of people who have transformed crushing calamities into "stepping-stones to higher things." Misfortunes have proved for many turning points on the road to fortune, Some remarkable instances of this have occured in very recent times. - . Take the case of Mr. Cecil 'Rhodes: The crowning 'fortune of his life, was when he sailed for the Cape, after the doctor had given him barely three months to live. Many men would have succumbed and given up the ghost. Not so Mr. Rhodes. He resolutely determined to live, and to fight his way in the world. His history is very instructive. Son of a poor clergyman with a big family and a small living-a characteristic clerical combination-the future Warren Has. tings of Africa was not a brilliant success in England. Keen competition reduced him to £2 per. week. Then his health failed, and he fled to A'rica as a forlorn hope. There he not only restored his health, 'but also mnade ait name and a fortune after much hard work and many exciting ..struggles.. This younger son who started with pluck and shattered health as his stock-in-trade now looms large as the most powerful, influential Englishman in South Africa, where brainy and plucky Britons abound. Mr. Rhodes does not claim to be a brilliant writer. an eloquent orator. or a fascinating conversationalist. But he knows how to think, and has a restless energy which translates his thoughts into deeds. At an age when most men are laboriously sowing their wild oats, lie has endowed his mother country with a new empire, fought his little war, built railways, towns, and tele graphs through trackless wastes, and opened up unlimited possibilites to the hardy pioneers who have followed his fortunes in this Land of Promise. With good health and £200 a year, might he not have developed into a tennis-playing, cigarette-smoking, bar maid- worshipping member nf society ? Then there is Mr. Mackay, the Silver King, another favorite of mis fortune. Had he possessed a com fortable comlpetency, he would have missed a fortune so vast that he could scarcely tell you off-hand its exact figure. Happily, he found him self a penniless youth in poor old Ireland, and was compelled to em igrate. It is believed that lie worked his passage over to New York about . the time the gold fever was raging in California. From New York he promptly made his way to the Land of God. Once on the spot he traded, bartered, speculated, and mined with unceasiig pluck and varying success, until he and his partners struck the fanious Bonanza mines. They scooped out silver by the ton, and report says that this group of miles yielded £40,000,000 in a very few :years. Mr. Mackey literally snatched his millions from the jaws of misfortune and hardship. During the process,. he rotghed, it under all con ditions, standing ?:his grobnd iamongst the most formidable collection of cut throats and desperadoes that ever col lected in - one district. A six-shooter was then an indispensable adjunct to a man's outfit. Bulldog pluck was as necessary as mental acumen in that wild struggle for wealth. The promotion of the first Atlantic cable was greatly facilitated by a mis fortune. Gisborne, the real originator of the scheme, was in New York seeking espital to start it. He was on the verge of despair; people jeered at him as a visionary. One night his hotel was burnt down, and he con trived to escape to another. There he ohanced to meet Cyris Field, and, inventor-like, began expatiate on his grand scheme to that financier. Bat the latter did not believe in it, and asserted there 'was no money in it. Undaunted, Gisborne attacked Field with his burning eloquence on every possible occasion, until the latter was fairly conquered, "I will see it through," said he at last. And lihe did. The Atlantic cable was thius temporarily saved by a misfortune. Another brilliant career commenced under a cloud is that of Count de Witte. Of all Russian statesmen he is the one in whom the new Czar has hitherto shown most confidence. M. de Witte, who is an Odessa man by birth and breeding, was created a count only a year ago. About 1880 he was an obscure village station master, and it was an act of disobesd ence, which led totemporay disaster, that first attracted the attention of M. Wychnegradski, who was then presi dent of the railway by which De Witte was employed. When MI. Wychnegradski became Minister of Finance. he brought the young station master to St. Petersburg and rapidly promoted him from post to post, until three years ago the disgraced railway oflicial was appointed Minister of Finance. M._do Witte, although only forty-five, is regarded as the coming man in Russia, and has even been mentioned as the probable Chancellor of the Empire, in succession to the late M. de Giers. This would be a most denmocratic departure for the most autocratic nation in the world. 1The old story of the phoenix rising triumphant from its ashes has never been better exemplified than by the career of Mr. Whitely, the presiding genius of the immense establishment that hears his name. Most people know how he started his business on a small captial in a tiny shop 1 how, little by little, by sheer pluck and hard work, he added window to win dow, shop to shop, until his house threatened to monopolize the street. Then came a catastrophe-his place was burnt down! Did Mr. Whitely lose hearth Certainly not. 'With indomitable will he proceeded to rebuild his premises on a more extensive scale than ever. Then, when everything was again working smoothly, a second mysterious catastrophe overtook him. His establishment was again destroyed by fire. Fate seemed to have marked him as a victim, and people thought he would retire from the struggle. But they did not know him. He immediate ly began to rebuild, and his vast concern now pervades one entire district, 