Dreams That Came True. HOW MURDERERS WERE TRACKED. Strange as it may now appear, it is never theless a feet that in the past signs, dreams, .and portents played no inconsiderable part in our law courts, and the reports of- the six teenth and seventeenth centuries are brimful of references thereto. In connection with dreams, perhaps ene of the most remarkable trials, certayply of later nays, was that in, connection with the slaying of Maria Mar tin, or the murder of the Red Barn,in.which. . the murderer was discovered wholly and .solely through the tmeans of information' .gained through a -dreain. The victim -was the daughter of a, mole-catcher, who pos sessed far more of beauty and education than most young women of her class. Needless to say, she was-the cause of much jealouny; and among her lovers was a rich young man named John Corder, by whom she wasse duced and then abandoned. In turn, William Corder, John's brother, appeared upon the scene, and under a promise of marriage Maria was again betrayed ; and afterwards finding she was to become a mother, she prayed her betrayer, to carry out his promise. This, however, was not to the taste of William Corder, who, under promise of a sebret mar rlage, made arrangements -with the girl to meet him at a red barn on his mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighboring tohn.and get mkirrled. The girl met him as arranged, when he shot and buried her 'te neath, the flooring of the barh. William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr and Mrs Martin that the marriage had taken place and that their daughter wasliving at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the barn wherein the body was bilried was filleul with corn, and as no tidings came f.om the young woman. Corder gave as a reason that sae ihad hurt iner right hand, and therefore could not write to her parents, shortly after. which Corder left .the neigh borhood. " Some time later, Mrs Martin dreamt that her daughterxhad beenmurdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dream repeated that in the end the woman persuaded her husband to get the grain removed, and to dig at the spot indicated in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered andidentified. Suspicion naturally pointing to Corder, he was traced to London, where he was fonnd married to a schoolmistress, on whose earning he was living: He was -ar -rested: -foundguilty,:and dul~r ~ecuted, the mietingaoutof justice in this. instance being entirely due to a dream; ' DBEAM EVIDENCE. Harking back somewhat; we find that in 1751.an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidence. On Rogers, a Water ford publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of r neighboring mountain. On the following day he described both men he ha4 seen in his dream with perfect accuracy Which he did to many of his companions. One of the men was exceptionally strong ; the other, who committed the crime, was weak and small. .Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish prsest -to accompany him to the spot, which was easily found, but which bore no tr-ces of a death-struggle. On the following day, however, two -men entered the public-house whose appearance tallied exactly- with those in the dream vision. When they rose to leave Rogers, begged the. one whom he expected to be murdered' to remain, but unavailingly. After the man had left he nearly fainted from ftright; and in the end persuaded a neighbor to accom pany him to the greenspot on tae hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dream had been enacted in real life. The murderer was " tracked and captured, and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His descrip tion of his dream wasiso vivid that the mur derer immediately acknowledged his guilt, and iaid that he killei his companion- with eightstabs, exactly as pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman, named Kraeme, made application to a local - judge to be sworn, as she had some informa-. tion to impart relating to a murder com mitted in a remote village in Russia, many? days' journey from her German domicile. Her story ran thus :-Ten years before her only_$ii had left home. Shehheaidnothlng of him, and had no idea at all where he was living until the night before, whenthis spirit appeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young man had undered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Kiaf, in Russia. Here behad fallen in livae with. a serfs daughter who had a Russian beau. On the preceding night this latter had inveigled the young Tenton into the country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in a cave off the highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that he forwarded it to a notary in Kiaf. In the. meantime Karl Rraeme had been missed, and on receipt of the dream story the police searched for the- -cave, found it-exactly located as described, and also found the body with a wound corresponding with that deta!iqdrin the vision, The murderer was at ?iine;t arested, land: the? widow Kntaeme undertookl the long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital in Court was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with tfright when she first saw the prisoner, whom she picked out from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell. She also identified the woman who was the cause of the trouble equally easy. INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted houses, we tmiy :recall an incident familiar enough at the beginning 'of the century, when " The Memoirs of a ;Thg"~ wis'.in euerybody's 'hands, but re. membered by few probably at this date. ,Major-General Sleeman, captain at ,that . time, was travelling up country with his wife. He encamped in a pretty grove of mangos near Bangor. At midnight Mrs Sleeman awoke screanming. In a dream she saw scores of naked corpses rise from the earth at the bedside. Her husband calmed her and she slept again; but the dream returned, and so painfully was she agitated that it became necessary to strike the camp a little after midnight. Captain Sleeman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then direetink his famous campaign against the Thugs. He questioned one of the approvers, whoaecognised the description of the mango tope near Bangor, at once. Several victims had been buried there. Taylorhad the groirnd dug, and they turned up, if we .remember rightly, the bones of seventeen persons. 'This is one of the best .ghost stories extant, because indubitably ,authentie,; At the same timie it is easily ex pjsised. ':rft Bleei kn' ha been hearing the frightful evidace published from;day to, day at 4that titae, when the Thugs had just been discovered. She knew that they habitually buried their victims in groves, and that night 'she chanced to0be nlathe nervous condition when waking thoughts take shape as dseams. Thefamousregiment once known as the 74th Highlanders has a legend handed down for three generations at least. A captain, 'whose name escapes us, wai writingin his tent at Shdlapore, when a young soldier in hospital- garb entered. " Please, sir, I wish to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down the addreea? " The officer did so without thinking; when he looked up the visitor was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He called the sergeant, who informed him that the young man in ques tion had died* in the hospital the day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that the address of his friends could not be discovered. It is. alleged that a report of these facts, drawn up there and then, still etists. A Queen's Birthday Incident.- (Her "' Ladyship" waS' receiving the congratula tions of a domestic.)-" Oh, mum, I'm so glad you're a real lady now,"-" Well, Maria, I hope I have always been a lady."-" Well, es, mum ; but nobody could ever,call you it befb&:'-"-Metbourn? WIeek4 i . . Perhaps.-She i After 4a "it ti~le .{Arife to make a :man really 1i tbh =$. ea that's a fact. But the roeible asts :gener ally someone else's.-Rydwey Beulsa'e A school inspector recently asked a, muall boy : "TFor' what purpose is the ?esii of' a cow useful? " To this the small bo t~ ed : :' To keep the beef in."--Ton and euistr Jes-rmit. 