Sermon. Gathering to the Standard. By Bsvv Db. Tifvigg iTntft'Him wnaq tne (iatnering oftne people be.—Gen. six. 10." All the ages of history 6a the pivot-of the upright beam o£ the Cross of • the SonofGod, —B.C., XIDV-I do not (are what! you call Him—whether. Conqueror, or King, or Morn ing Star, jor Sua of ftigoteousness, "or Balm of Gilead, or Iiehanon Cedar, or Brother, or Friend, or " take the name ; used inthe verse from which I-take "my-teit,,-and call Him Shiloh, which means His Son,-or:-the Tran quilliser, or the Peacemaker, Shllbh. X only want to tdl yon that 4< onto- Him- shall the gathering of the people be.""/. ' - l. In thfi furst- place,- the" -pcople.are gathered round Christ for paidon. Hp sensible man, or -healthfully, ambitions man,.' is sa.tisS.cd with his' past life.' A' fool may think he is all right. A sensible man. knows he is hot. Tdo not care- who the thonghtfnl man is, the review, of his lifetime behaviour before God'and man gives to him no especial satis* faction. " Ob/* he says, *l there have been bo many things X have done I ought not to have done ; there have been so many: things I have • said I ought' never .".to have said; there have- been' so 'many things I have ■written."- I ought never to have written'; .there have been so - many \ things I: have thought 1 onght never -to have thought: "• I" must "somehow get things read just^ ; X; must. somehow have 'the -past reconstructed.' There are * days and -months and years, which cry. ont against.mo izr hor rible. vociferation/* . Ah, my brother, Christ; adjusts the past by; obliterating it. Ho does1 not erase the record of .our misdoing-, with a dash of ink from a registrar's pen, bat, lifting his right hand, crashed, red at the palm, He puts it 'against, his 'bleeding-brow and then against his pierced '. side, " and with the crimson-accumulation of all-those wounds He rubs out the accusatory chapter. He blots out our iniquities. Oh, never be anxious about the fnture; better be anxious about the post. I put it hot at the end of my sermon; I put it at the front; mercy and pardon through Shiloh,. the sin-pardon ing Christ. **Unto Him shall the gather ing of the people be." '"-'JOh!" .jays some man, "I have: for. forty Tears been as bad " as : I could: bej - and is there any mercy for me?" Hercyfor you. Oh!" says someone here, " I had a grand ancestry, the holiest of fathers, and the tenderest of mothers," and-for my pesfidy there is no excuse. Do you think there is any mercy for me T1 Hercyfor you! 4<But," says anothehmafi/ u I fear I have committed what theycall the' unpardonable .'tin, and the Bible says "if a :man. commit thatfeia he is neither'to.be forgiven in . this world nor the world to'eonie. ;.l)o you think' there is any mercy for inc.?": The fact that yon have any solicitude about-the matter at all proves posi tivelyrthat you have not committed the, un pardonable siii."' Heny^for ryph. 0 . the grace" of God. which bnbgeih' tolvation'J Yon-notice that nearly all the- sinners men tioned as pardoned in the Bible . were great sinners1—iDavid a great sinner, Paul agreat fiinnaj Bahab a . great - sinner, Magdalen a great sinner, the prodigal son a'great sinner; The worldeasily understood how'Ckristcould pardon abalf-aud-b'alf sinner, hot what the world/wants to be persuaded of is, that Christ will forgive the worst sinner, the hardest sinner, the oldest sinner,"the most inexcusable sinner. To the sin-pardoning Shiloh let all the "gathering of the people be. . . . 2. But"I remark again, the .people-will gather-around.Christ as a sympathiser.. . Oh, we all want sympathy!'; I-hear people talk as though they, were independent of it-' None of us could Hve.without>j^pafty.V ;.When parts of onr family are away, how lonely the house seems until they all/get homed' But alas for t£ose whonever come homo 1, Some times it.seems as if it must bo. impossible. What! -. .will their . feet, .never -again" come, over .the..:.threshold?" Will they never again .sit with; .us" at -.the; table? Will they; never again kneel •; with hs at family, prayer? Shall we* never again ook into their sonny faces ? Shall - we never lagain - on earth'take counsel with1 them for our work?. Alaa, me ! who can stand under these griefs ?- Oh, Christ, Tboucanst do more for a bereft soul than anyone'else! It is Ho who Bbmds besides us .to tell of the resurrection.^ lids He thai came to give peace.. It is He tha t comes to na and breathes into us the spirit of sub mission/ until we "can.Iook upfront the wreck and ruin of our brightest 'expectations and say, .."Father,.." not. my will, but Thino be done." ; Oh, ye . who. are bereft, ye anguish-bitten, .'. come into this refuge.-, .The- xoll of those who came for relief.to'Christ .is^ larger >nd larger. ..Unto this" Shiloh "of . omnipotent .sympathy!... the gathering of. tho people.shall be;. Oh,.that Christ would stand by all these empty cradles,' and all- these' desolate homesteads, andi oll these broken hearts, ' and- persuade, us ' it is well! ; v"'.-' ; ;v-• -Tho world'cannot offer you help at such-a time.; Suppose the world.conies and. offers you money." Tou would rather live' on - a crust in a cellar '&nd; have yonr departed loved ones with you, than live in palatial sur roundings and they away. Suppose the world offers you its honours to console you. -What was the presidency to Abraham Ian coin when little Willie lay dead in tho White House? Perhaps the world comes .and says,," Time will cure it aH." Ah, there ' are griefs that have raged on for 30 years, and are raging yet." • And yet hundreds have been comforted, thousands have been comforted, millions, have been comforted, and Christ has done the work. Oh, what you want"is sympathy. At-the story of punishment . a man's eye flashes, .and his teeth set, and his flst clenches, and ; he;. prepares to do battle even though it be against the heavens; yet what heart so hard but it will succumb to. the story .of compassion?;.. .Even a man's sym pathy is pleasant and helpful. When we nave been in some hour of weakness,, to-have a brawny man stand beside us tmd promise.to see through, what courage it.gives to our heart and what strengih.it gives tn our. arm! Still inightier. iB, a woman's sympathy'. . I*et him tellthe. story, who, when all his fortunes were: gone,.and all: the.world .was. against him, came: home; .and foni^'; in that .home a wife who could write on' the top of the empty flour barrel, "The Lordwillprovide.,';or write, on the .door; of the. .empty wardrobe, '' Consider -.the, " lilies,..;of the. :' field : .if., God. ' so.. clothed, .the grass .of.;.the field, will ^ He. not- clothe'U3 andonrs?".' Or let ; that young. man.- tell the story who has; gone the_ whold. round of dissipation. ' The shadow of the penitentiary is. upon, him,.'and even his father, says, Be* off.! never come home again!" .The young man finds still his mother's arms outstretched.for -him; and how she. will stand at the .wicket of the prison , to whisper . consolation, • or get down on' her | knees, before, the. Governor, begging for' pardon, hoping on for her wayward boy after all- .others, are.,.hopeless. .Or. .let her teffthe .storyysvho, under villainous allure ment, . and impatient of parental restraint, has wandered • off from a home of which she was the idol into the murky and thunderous midnight of abandonment, away from God, and further away, until some tin* she is tossed on the beach of that early home a mere splinter of a wreck. "Who will pity her now .Who will 'gather these dis honoured locks into, her lap ? . Who will wash off the blood-from the gashed forehead? Who will tell her of that Christ who came, to save'the lost? Who will.put that weary [head uponihe clean-.white pillow, and watch by. day, and watch by night, until the hoarse Ivoice of .the sufferer becomes-the whisper, and the. whisper becomes -.only a faint motion of the lips, and.the faint motion of .the lips is exchanged for the silent. look/ and the cut feet are still, and.tho weary eyes 'are still, and the frenricd heart is still, and all is still? Who -will have compassion on her when no others' have' compasrioii?;' Mother! mother I. - Oh, there is Something beautiful in sympathy—in manly sympathy, wifely sym pathy, -motherly" sympathy; yea,- in neigh bourly^sympathy. 1 have to tell you that if you will; aggregate all neighbourly, manly, wifely, motheriy sympathy, :it will be found only a poor; ;staWing thing compared with the sympathy .of our great: Shilbh, who has beld in His-lap , the sorrows of the ages, and who is ready to nurse on His holy.heart the woes of all. who will come to. Hinu * Ohj what a.Sayiour w'fi'havfl! _ . I have thought.that tlua particular age which we live may he given hp to discoveries and inventions, by which, thronirhquick and instantaneous, communication, all cities-and all communities and all lauds will be brought together, and then—in another period,- per haps—:these inventions,, which ha/c been used ; for worldly purposes, will.be brought out for : Gospel invitation, and wine great .prophet of ■ the Lord.;wili come and iraabm the mysterious, aubhme,.jmd miracnlpas telephone from' .the; hand of commerce; and nllJahds: and king doms 'connected by-'.a .wondrous" wire, - this prophet; icf;.:'the\ Lord may, s through tele phonic- communication, in an., instant an nounce to ' all. nations. pardoh and sym pathy and life through Jesus. Christ, and then, patting tho wondrous tube to the ear of the Lord's prophet, the response shall cemc back: -.- "I believe in God, tho Father Al mighty, Maker of heaven and earth; and in Jesus'Christ, His ooly-begotfen Son; and in the Holy Ghost—three Persons in one. God.1' You and I may not live to. see the day.,-< I think those of us.wlio are over'forty, years of age . can - scarcely-, expect to see the'day. I expect before that rime "our bodies ..will be sound" asleep hammocks of the ' old Gospel shipas'it goes' sailing on. "But Christ will., wake us up in time to sec the achieve-, meat. '-..We who have sweated - in the hot hnrvest fields will,bo at the door of the garner when the sheaves 'come "".in. That work f'.-r which in this world we toiled and wept, arid struggled and. wore ourselves, out, shall not come,to consummation and wo be.oblivious.of. the. achievement. "We.wfil bo allowed to come out and shake, handswith 'the..*victors. '."Wo who; - fought: in the"- barlier. battles will have just as .much right: to. rejoice.as those who redden their feet in the lost armageddon: Ah'! yea, those .who could only give a-cupful of cold water in the name of a ; disciple,. those who conld only, scrape a handful of lint' for a wounded mldier ;" those ;.:who could only minister to old age hi its decrepitude; those who could only coax a" poor '- waif off . the street to go back home"- to. " her God; those who. could only lift a little child to' the. arms of - Christ—rwill have as, much right to take part in'the ovation to the LokI; Jesus Christ as a Chrysostom. It will be your victory and mine, as well as '..Chrises. ; He the. Con-, querer, we .' shouting . in. His ' train, Christ the "Victor -mil pick oat the hum blest .of His-disciples in the crowd, andl turning hair around on the white horse of victory,: He shall point her out: for approval by the multitude, as He says, "She did what rtbo could.".' Then; putting His'hand on the head of some man who by his industry made one talent do the work of ten, He mil. say, "Thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee fulcr over ten cities.'^ There is sonm Scriptural authority for say ing that Christ will come in person and sit on a throne. I should like to sce the scarfed feet going up the stairsof a palace in which all the glories of the Albambra,' and the Taj Mahal, and the St. Mark's, and the Winter Palace, are gathered. Ishouldlike to see the world pay Christ in love for what it did Hira in maltreatment. I should like to be ono of. the grooms of the chargers, holding the stirrup as the King mounts.^ Oh^what a glorious time it will. be on earth" when' Christ: shell..' break through tho . heavens; and . right • here; where.- Ho - has suffered and died, have -this- . prophecy, fulfilled,' " Unto Him shall the gathering of the people be I " Oh, my friends, I should like to meet you on the day when bur Lord comes back! .Garlands ot all nations on his brow—of .the bronzed' nations of; the south and . the pallid nations of the north—Europe, Asia, Africa, North and South America, and the other continents that may arise meantime from'the sea to take the places of. their sunken pre decessors; Arch of Trajan, Aich - of Titus, Arch of Triumph in the Champs Elyaees—ail too poor to welcome this King of mugs, and Lord of lords, and Conqueror of conquerors, in His august arrival., Turn out all heaven to meet Him! '* Hang all along the route the flags of earthly dominion, whether de corated with crescent, • or ^tar; or eagle, or lion', or coronet! Hang out heaven's brightest banner, with its one star of Bethlehem and blood-striped of the Cross! I hear the pro cession now. Hark! the tramp of the feet, the rumbling of tho wheels, the clattering of the hoofs, and tho shout of the riders 1 Ten thousand times ten thousand, - and thousands of thousands!" Pot up in .heaven's library, right beside the 'completed' volume of the world's ruin, the completed volume of Shiloh's trimnpb.'". The old promise, struggling through the sgeB,-fulfilled at last, " Unto Him shall tiie gathering, of the peoplo bo " ! : Tt was'the Prince of . Wales who first called1 Gregory, tho Australian batsman, by" tho namoof "LittleTich." 