Poisoning. This method of breaking the eixth com mandment 1B popular with a certain class of mienreanlB. ilea ot internal proclivities but weak nerves resort to it bb a clean end quiet way of getting rid of unoongenial wives and troublesome companions, ft Wfly which is supposed to be safer than shoot ing, throat- cutting, axing, and the lita AVomon with a taste for homicide, from the time of Nero's mottior to the present day, have generally preferred poison to every other instrument of murder. In the daya of the Medicin and the Borgiae poisoning rose to the dignity of a fine art in Italy. Catherine de Medici, it ie true, wm not in sensible to the attractions of emphatio.and wholesale slaughter-witness the tragedy of St. Bartholomew's got up under h$r direction- but she cultivated the act ot silent murder with great asBidnity and' success, and now and then indulged In a little family practice with infinite gusto. After leading her son, Charles IX,, by the nose for many years, she poisoned him through the same organ. All the Borgiaa were also experts in this hranoh ot demonism. In the middle ages, however, poison was a much eater weapon than it is now. Then the most accomplished chemists ot the world manufactured It toe the worst purposes. The man Qt soienoe who had prod uoed a new and aubtle philter warranted .to kill without convulsing was sure to obtain a splendid douoeur tot' his secret from some prlnoe or noble or lady of high degree, who, to use the clasgio language of a modern murderess, wanted to u cook somebody's goose." But nowa days theBe things are not managed as they were in the Medicean and Borgian eras. All the resources of chemistry were then directed to the destruction of lite, and never, as at present, to the detection of the meabB by whioh it was destroyed. It is next lo impossible for a modern poisoner to evade punishment. The symptoms whioh follow the administration of all deadly drugB and chemicals ore familiar to the whole medioal profession. Analysis, like an avenging Nemesis, confronts the perpetrator with the proof ot hie crinufc The stomach of the dead victim Is * mare potent witness against -the criminal than spectres were supposed to be against the « eeoret men ot blood," 400 years ago. W« need no " ohoughe and magotpiea" to bring thb deed ot the poison-monger to light, The fleBh, not the ghost, ot the dead appears from the grave, and consigns him to the gallows. 