THE CARDINAL AND BISHOP CHAL MERS. The following letter from the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney, in reply to the Anglican Bishop or Goulburn, appeared in Saturday's S. M. Herald :— Sir,— In a former letter I distinctly pointed out two misstatements made by Dr. Chalmers in his recent attacks on the Catholic Church. In his letter published in the SYDNEY MORNING HERALD makes no attempt at defence, and we may there fore presume that he allows judgment to go by de fault. He plunges, however, into a number of other statements which, he says, 'may serve to open- people's eyes to the profane absurdities' of Catholic teaching. Those statements, however, which he sets forth are not Catholic teaching, but are the mere effusions of his own poetical imagina tion. It was a Scotchman, I believe, who said of some Anglican friend that he never opened his mouth but he put his foot in it. Some similar sad and perverse fate appears to have befallen my good friend of Goulburn, He returns to the question of the orthodoxy of Keenan's Catechism, and thus writes : — 'In order that in this case there may be no pretence of muti lated extracts, 1 will give in full the question and answer to which I referred.' He then cites as follows the question and answer: — 'Question: Must not Catholics believe the Pope himself to be infallible ? Answer : This is a Protestant inven tion. It is no article of the Catholic faith, &c.;' Now, I regret to be again obliged to accuse Dr. Chalmers of inaccuracy. In the question in the catechism as cited by him one small particle is omitted, which, however, is of no small im portance. The question as put in the catechism is, 'Must not Catholics believe the Pope in himself to be infallible ? ' The technical words, ' the Pope in himself infallible,' refer to the personal infalli bility of the Pope, which is a mere Protestant fable, and is quite contrary to the teaching of the Church. According to the Catholic doctrine the Pope is in fallible only when he speaks ex cathedra ; that is, when in the discharge of the office of pastor and doctor of all Christians, by virtue of the supreme apostolic authority, he defines a doctrine concern ing faith or morals to be held by the Universal Church. It is in this case alone ' that Catholics believe the successor of St. Peter to inherit the infallibility with which the Redeemer endowed His Church when He said to the Apostles, ' Go ye, and teach all nations ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you, and behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' I beg to remind Dr. Chalmers that I am not minimizing in any 'way the teaching of the Church, but merely stating what the belief of the Church is. Cardinal Manning writes that, by the Vatican decrees regard ing infallibility, "all the acts of the Pontiff as a private person, or a private doctor, or as a local bishop, or as a sovereign of a State, are excluded. In all these acts the Pontiff may be subject to error ; in one, and only one capacity, he is exempt from error ; that is, as teacher of the whole Church." Cardinal Hergenrother also writes that the infallibility of the Pope, "which is his only as teacher, preserves him indeed from falsifying the doctrines of the Church as to faith and morals, but is no security that he will always rightly apply these doctrines, and never personally commit an \- offence against them." Dr. Chalmers omits other passages of Keenan's Catechism which allow no doubt as to the writer's meaning, as for instance ?when at page 9i he tells us that Christ appointed St. Peter and his successors as His chief vicars to govern His Church ; and when again we read in the following page : — ' Question : Does Christ any where offer up a special prayer for Peter's faith ? without including in this prayer the re3t of the Apostles ? Answer : Yea. Luke xxii., 32, Christ says to Peter : But I have prayed for thee that thy faith tail not, and thou, being once converted, con firm thy brethren.' Dr. Chalmers takes me to task in that I was con tent with explaining Canon Oakley's words, and made no reference to other passages cited from Father Faber and a Lapide. But as the passages thus cited by Dr. Chalmers were practically the same, having explained one I gave the key to the explanation of all. The writers thus referred to merely teach the Catholic doctrine that in the mys . tery of the Incarnation Our Divine Lord assumed our human nature in the chaste womb of the Blessed Virgin. This is the doctrine which Dr. Chalmers himself is supposed to profess in the Athanasian Creed. Aa regards Father Faber, to whom Dr. Chalmers now particularly refers, he in dignantly rejected the tenet of the presence of the Blessed Virgin in the Eucharist, but he writes that the Most Precious Blood, the price of our redemp tion, which is there received, was assumed from the pure blood of the Blessed Virgin, and he takes occasion from this to illustrate how beautifully the dogma of the Immaculate Conception harmonizes with the mystery of the Incarnation. In the para graph immediately preceding the words given by Dr. Chalmers, Father Faber thus writes : — ' The Precious Blood was assumed directly to Our Blessed Lord's Divine Person from His Immaculate Mother. Mary's blood was the material out of which the Holy Ghost, the Third Person of the Most Holy Trinity, the artificer of the Sacred Humanity, fashioned the Blood of Jesus. Here we see how needful to the joy and gladness of our devotion is the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception. Who could bear to think that the matter of the Precious Blood had ever been itself corrupted with the taint of sin, that it had once been part of the devil's king dom, that what was to supply the free price of our redemption was once enslaved to God's darkest, foulest enemy ? Is it not indeed an endless daily jubilee to us that the Church has laid upon us as an article of our faith that sweet truth which the instincts of our devotion had so long made a real part of our belief.' The teaching of the illustrious Jesuit commentator, a Lapide, is nothing more than a repetition of the same doctrine. As regards Rov. Dr. Littledale, it was stated in an obituary notice in an English journal that he held a benefice in England. Whether this be cor rect or not is a matter of no interest. What is of importance is the fact that he is quite discredited as a controversialint. A pamphlet which he entitled 11 Why Ritualists do not become Roman Catholics'' ?was convicted of such untruthfulness and unfairness by Mr. Orby Shipley that the English Church Union, under whose auspices it was published, was com pelled to withdraw it from circulatiou. Dr. Chal mers remarks of Littledale's ' Plain Reasons' that ?' it remains unrefuted.' Dr. Chalmers must suppose his readers to be very ignorant of Catholic literature when he ventures on such a statement. Many years ago it was refuted by Father Ryderof the Oratory in a very cheap, clear, and concise work entitled ' Catholic Controversy ; A Reply to Dr. Littledale's Plain Reasons;' and since then every argument in it has been a hundred times unmasked by Father Jones, S.J., and other Catho lic writers. What is deserving of remark, not a few Anglican clergymen have exposed the inac curacies and errors of the pretentious work which Dr. Chalmers eulogizes. For instance, Rev. Dr. Lee, Vicar of All Saints', Lambeth, tabulates the gross mistakes of the ' Plain Reasons' as follows : — ' Regarding historical facts, 51; regarding dog matical facts, 43 ; regarding inaccurate quotations from writers on history and canon law, 29 ; regard ing historical and theological quotations half made, often with remarkable omissions, 30 ; regarding quotations from the Fathers Avhich are found to bear an entirely different meaning from that which Dr. Littledale put upon them, 2-1 ; &c.;' Rev. Dr. Lee's description of his method of controversy would seem almost a picture of some of Dr. Chalmers's letters : ' When he has been exposed and refuted, he never confesses and apologizes, but waits till he thinks that the refutation is forgotten, and then brings up the discredited statement as fresh as ever.' Such is the controversialist who, according to Dr. Chalmers's pretentious eulogy, has never been refuted. Dr. Chalmers has harped more than once on a supposed misstatcment of mine regarding some Pro ? testant nuns at Goulburn. I stated that in an ex cellent community of such nuns, introduced there several years ago, about half the number became Catholics. I believe my statement to be quite cor rect. The priest is still living who received three of them into the Catholic Church, and the Bishop is still living who administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to two of them after being received into the Church. To say that they were not real, nuns i3 a mere subterfuge. Everyone recognizes that it is only in the Catholic Church true nuns are to be found. However, those excellent ladies lived together, visited the sick, and were popularly known as Protestant nuns. I consider, therefore, that I was fully justified m the statement which I made. As regards the Wesleyan missionaries in the islands of the Pacific, to whom Dr. Chalmers also refers, they are quite able to take care of themselves. Any statements which I made relating to them I believe to be conformable to truth, but I decline to accept his patronage in their regard. Perhaps, how ever, it is his desire as a result of the synodal deter minations to expand the motherly mantle of the Anglican Church over them. For my part, if such be the case, I wish all joy to the happy family. The Anglican Church, half a century ago, was described by Lord Macaulay as 'a bundle of religious sys tems without number : a hundred sects battling within one Church.' Embracing now the various branches of Nonconformists, the number of her sects wiil be ten thousand, and at no distant day her proud boast shall be more than realized that she ' includes, within her undefined pale, partizans of every religious tenet, theory, or opinion, however opposite and contradictory, which Protestantism has at any time or by any agency introduced into the world.' Dr. Chalmers ends his letter with what he evidently intends to present as a French quotation, but what in reality is sheer French balderdash. It might well pass muster at some of the synodal meetings ; but before he ventures again to cite French in the pubiic press I would recommend him to consult some friend acquainted with the idiom of the language. As a parting word of advice to Dr. Chalmers, I would say, ' Do not write any further controversial letters for some time.' It is manifest that the more he j)lunges, the deeper he sinks in the mire. ' Stuck in the mud' would, perhaps, be a some what awkward epitaph for 'William Goulburn.' I have endeavoured to stretch out a helping hand to him ; but, as he appears to resent my friendly aid, it only remains for me, Mr. Editor, with your kind permission, to leave him there. — I am, &c;, f Patrick F. Cardinal Moran. October 9. 