HUMOUR ' If my employer does not retract what he said to me this morning, I shall leave his store.' ' Why, what did he say ?' ' He told me I could look for another place.'—Harlem Life. ' I thought you told me that Miss Brown had spent a great deal of money on her voice ?' ' Well, so I did.' ' But she can't sing.' ' Well, I didn't say that she could, did I ?'—Truth. Branson—' Have the detectives found out anything about that burglary yet ?' John- son—' Yes ; they've come to the conclusion that the motive of the crime was money.'— Boston Herald. Two wines had been served at a certain dinner. The first one was of a fine old vin- tage. The guest of honour drank freely of it, but passed no remark on its quality. The second brand was an execrably poor one. ' Excellent wine this !' said the epicurean guest. ' But you didn't say what you thought of the first,' said the host, rather irritated at the thought of the good stuff wasted. ' No,' said the epicure. ' That spoke for itself.' Kate—' Just look, these boots are ever so much too big.' Mary—' Yes ; you must have given him the number of the street in- stead of the number of your shoe.' Juvenile Strategy.—Mother—Now, Tom- my, what are you doing at that cupboard ? Tommy—There's a mouse here, an' I'm tryin' to git him out. Look out ! Here he comes ! Mother disappears. So does the mouse—and the jam. The Irony of Fate.—Beggar : Can you kindly assist me, sir ? I've got a wife and thirteen children to support.—Old Gentle- man : Good gracious ! Thirteen children ?— Beggar : Yes, sir, a baker's dozen, and not a bit of bread to give them ! Economy.—Young Wife : I've bought you a box of cigars for a birthday present, dear. —Young Husband : But, darling, I never smoke !—Young Wife : No, I know ; but I thought that when you were tired of them I could give then to my brother George on his next birthday—he smokes, you know. He : ' I envy that man who sang the tenor solo.' She: ' Why I thought he had a very poor voice.' He : ' So did I. But just think of his nerve power ?' He—' And is it absolutely necessary that I should speak to your father ?' She—' Of course. He is the head of the family, you know.' He (gloomily)—' It isn't the head of the family that I am afraid of ; ifs the foot.'— Truth. There was a good deal of solid human nature in the unexpeected reply of the dying old woman to her minister's leading question : ' Here, at the end of a long life, which of the Lords's mercies are you most thankful for ?' Her eyes brightened as she answered, ' My victuals.' A. : Did it ever recur to you what a charming: conversationalist P—— is ? B : Well, I don't know ; not particulary. Why ? A: Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling. No characteristic of American humour is more noticeable than the cheery, light- hearted way in which it treats of death. A course of the works of Max Adeler and Mark Twain would lead an unsophisticated reader to the conclusion that the loss of life and the loss of sixpence were parallel inconveniences, so convincing is the jauntiness (bred of a national lack of reverence) practised by these writers.—Globe. The gambling casino at Monte Carlo is controlled by an administrator who receives a salary of £6,000 a year, a house to live in, carriages, and various perquisites. Hitherto we have been accustomed to find inequality in Mr. Kipling's work. He has never yet given us a book entirely good : each collection of his stories is a mixture of success and failure. Naturally, this peculiarity has always stirred some annoy- ance and perplexity in his critics ; for at his best he is not easily surpassed, while at his worst he is almost puerile. —Academy. 