SNAP SHOTS. 'Mr. F. B. Freehill has been appointed Consul' for Spain, pending the approval of the British Government.' — Saturday's IJailyTelegkaph. If the Irish National League of Sydney' was still alive, the members would for a certainty have held a banquet to celebrate this distinc tion conferred on their President, Sut, banquet or no banquet, Francis Bede Freehill, M.A., the worthy son of good old Patrick Freehill, may now be saluted as the Spanish Consul, for it is improbable that the British Government will stir up an international war, either at the Penin sula or in Australia, by withholding its approval of the appointment. Mr. Freehill has from time to time said hard things about Lord Salisbury, but the anti Home Rule Premier is hardly malicious enough to make the new appointment a party question. Fortunate Mr. Freehill '. When Lord Hampden holds his next Government House levee you will suffer from a most enviable ' embarrassment of riches' in the matter of official toggery. You may present yourself, as of yore, with the University big guns, in academic gown and mortar-board, a3 a Fellow of St. John's ; you may don war-paint as Captain of the N. S. Wales Irish Rifles ; or you may shine in all the glitter and glory of a Spanish Consular grandee. All three costumes are pic turesque and striking. My own opinion is that Mr. Freehill's heart will throb with the quickest pulse of pride when it is underneath the shamrock embroidered Captain's coat during the St. Patrick's Day parade. Our Mr. Hofinung of Sydney some two or three years ago sported about the most gorgeous attire in the world. He copied the full- fledged Ambassa 1 dor's Court uniform, and improved upon it. He j was Consul for the Hawaian Islands, and repre sented a bl ask Queen since deposed. Touching uniforms, I remember a funny incident of nearly 20 years back. A young Sydney gentle man, engaged in the wholesale drapery line, managed to get on the list of Consuls as representa tive of some 'kingdom' with about six hundred inhabitants. He ordered a gorgeous uniform at a cost of about £50, and went into daily rehearsal of how he should disport himself on the 24th of May at i| Government House. This was to be his first big I day. Most unfortunately, a rebellion broke out in j the far-away kingdom, and just a week or two I before the Queen's Birthday levee in Sydney the I Consul received a letter informing him that, as a 1 republic had been declared in ? ?, it I would not be necessary for him to wear any uniform } as the representative of the new government. The ! Consul sold his suit of gold lace back to his tailor \ for £10, and the tailor later on disposed of it to an j actor. I Here I should like to remark that when the repre sentatives of nations meet in Europe the United States Consul is the only one who turns up in plain evening dress — not even a bit of ribbon, or a sash, or a medal, or a gilt button. This simplicity of dress naturally gives him the look of the showman in a waxworks. It is only to be expected ihat the Irish Australian's elevation to the rank of Consul will arouse jealousy — 'that green-eyed lobster,' as the cheerful idiot in the play says. But when you come to think of it, there is a considerable amount of appropriateness in the selection made by the Spanish Government. In thd first place, Mr. Freehill is a Catholic ; and what could be more fitting than the selection of a Catholic to represent a Catholic country ? If I mistake not, the Spanish Consuls in Sydney for more than twenty years have been Germans, Dutchmen, or something of that sort. The late Mr. Von der Heyde (Mr. Freehill's prede cessor) was a German Protestant; and I fancy Jimmy Ellis, who is strong on .shipping but weak on \ Spanish and tottering in theology, has been acting as ; Deputy Consul. f Then, again, we have to consider that the ap I pointment of Irishman or descendants of Irishmen ' to 'foreign' posts of honour is now all the rage. !| At the present day the British representatives I'V, abroad include such eminent Irishmen as Lord ! Duflerin, Sir F. R. Plunkett, and Sir Nicholas f O' Conor, and the colonial Governors Sir W. F. :'? Hely-Hutchinson, Viscount Gormanston, Sir A. ?li Molony, Sir. J. T. O'Brien, and Sir Hercules \\\ Robinson, Governor of Cape Colony and British j! High -; Commissioner in South Africa, lately raised to the peerage. Sir Graham Bower, K.C.S G., the ; : newly-appointed Agent o£ the British Government i\ in Pretoria, is also an Irishman. Lord Dufferin, !';' by the way, is resigning the position of Ambassador (s in Pari3, and it is on the cards that he will be I succeeded by another Irishman, Lord Llandaff, f better know as Mr. Henry Matthews, ex-member .'?A for Dungarvan. The progress of Lord LlandaS U lias been one of the curiosities of public life. The \\[-[, son of a Ceylon judge, ha was introduced into III public life as 'a member for Dungarvan, for which j'i he was returned, through the influence of the I'! 'Fenian' Party, as a sort of Conservative Home 4| \ Ruler. He had a distinguished career at the Eng- 1 lish Bar, but when he was made Home Secretary in the last Tory Administration people wondered. He is a Catholic, and an admirable French scholar — which Lord Dufferin is not — having been educated in the University of Paris. This is getting off the track. We were speaking of Spain. Well, the 'Irish connection' with Spam is a strong one. Everybody has heard of the famous Marshal O'Donnell, Duke of Tetuan. The old soldier's grandson, Senor Juan O'Donnell, was in the brilliant suite of the Duke of Najera, who re presented Spain at the recent coronation of the Czar. The O'Donnells went from Ireland to Spain long years ago, or as history has it, ' in the dark days of persecution,' While 'y°ung O'Donnell was in Mos cow, a Requiem Mass was being offered up for the repose of the soul of his Excellency the Brigadier General. Don Maximina Creagh, in the Church of St. Anne, Barcelona. Like his brother officer, General Louis MacKenna (another Irish descendant), he belonged to the Spanish cavalry, and both fami lies, since they went to Spain, have been always identified with the religious life of the Peninsula. Nor is this gallant spirit likely to die out soon, for the Brigadier has left his eldest son, Don Juan, as captain in the same regiment. The Creaghs came from historic Clare. When the paragraph about Mr. Freehill's ap pointment caught my eye I thought at once of that courtly gentleman and exemplary Catholic, poor Don Edouardo San Just, who represented the ill-fated Queen, Isabella in Sydney, with all the old-time Spanish grace, away back in the sixties. Not long after the burning of old St. Mary's, Senor San Just went to Spain and personally pleaded with Queen Isabella on behalf of the Catholics of Syd ney. The Queen, as an expression of her sympathy, ordered a magnificent altar service of richly -wrought gold and costly jewels to be made by the best gold smiths in Madrid for presentation to Archbishop Polding. The Consul returned to Sydney in March, 1867, and Mr. William Augustine Duncan, who was then Collector of Customs, allowed him to carry ashore with his luggage the sealed box containing; the Queen of Spain's gift to the Catholics of Syd ney. Mr. Duncan being a Catholic, and a very pro nounced and fearless one, as all the bigots who met him in controversy knew to their cost, was immedi ately pounced on by that amiable gentleman, Mr. Geoffrey Eagar, the Colonial Treasurer of the day. The altar plate was officially valued at £2000, and Mr. Eagar ordered Mr. Duncan to pay the duty, set down as £100. The ' no-Popery' trick failed, for the Government at once refunded Mr. Duncan the money. Those were stormy days. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, V.G., was conducting a determined cor respondence with Sir Henry Parkes over the re moval of Father George Dillon (afterwards Mon signor) from the chaplaincy of Cockatoo Island, and the Sydney Morning Herald was inciting the au thorities to have the Freeman's Journal prosecuted for publishing a ' seditious' article on James Ste . phens, the Fenian. So pleased was Pope Pius the Ninth when he heard of the zealous part taken by the Spanish Con sul in advancing the interests of the Church, that he conferred upon him the Order of St. Gregory the Great, Archbishop Polding. then on a vieit to Europe, bringing the decoration with him from Rome. The Archbishop returned to Sydney on Wednesday, August 7, 1367, and the investiture of Senor San Just (the first ceremony of its kind in New South Wales) took place in St. Mary's pro Cathedral on Sunday, September 15, of that year. I remember the ceremony as if it were yesterday. Nearly all who assisted on the sanctuary are gone — the old Archbishop, Father John Dwyer (the celebrant of the High Mass), Father Paul Fitz patrick, Dr. Norbert Quirk, and Father Placid Quirk (then a Benedictine Brother). Dr. Colletti, the master of ceremonies, is still living in Italy* The Knight-elect had as his Esquire Mr. F. 'lurville, Private Secretary to the Governor. The sword and cross were bestowed inside the sanctuary with all the ancient forms of chivalry and solemnity. In presenting the military-looking Spaniard with the sword the Archbishop used the words — 'Receive this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; and so far as human weakness will permit it, may you injure no one with it unjustly ; such may He be pleased to grant, who, with'; the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth smdreigneth for ever and ever, A.men.' The sword was then replaced in its sheath. Then, after a prayer, the Knight arose, and unsheathing the sword, bran dished it three times in warlike fashion, recovering it over the left shoulder, and afterwards restoring it to its scabbard. The Archbishop then gave the Knight the Kiss of Peace, and lastly attached to the left breast the red and gold eight-pointed Cross ot the Order. Senor San Just, it may be remarked, was already a chevalier of one of the Spanish Orders. The presentation of the altar service very appro priately took place in the pro- Cathedral on Thurs day, October 10, 1867, the birthday of the Queen of Spain. The building was beautifully decorated, and there were more than 2000 people present. The Consul, in making the presentation to the Arch bishop, read a graceful address. The Consul and Knight of Gregory was one of the most imposing figures at the laying of the foundation-stone of new St. Mary's Cathedral, on Tuesday, December 8th, 1868\. M. Sentis, 'the old French Consul,' was also there. After the ceremonies there was a ban quet in St. Mary's Seminary, now the residence of Marist Brothers, attached to the Cathedral. The Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, with great eloquence — those were Dalley's dashing days — proposed ' the ? Consuls ot France and Spain' — M. L. F. Sentis and Senor San Just responding. Now comes the sad chapter. The pro-Cuthedral — a wooden building — in which the Spanish Consul had been Knighted, was destroyed by fire on the night of Tuesday, January 5, 1869. Fortunately the altar service given by the Queen of Spain was stored at the Sacred Heart Presbytery, Darlinghurst, where the Archbinhop resided, and thus escaped the general destruction. The Spanish Revolution, resulting in the overthrow of Queen lasbella, oc curred towards the close of '68. The Spanish Con sul in Sydney was terribly affected, and his mind became unhinged. He bore his sorrow in silence till May, 1869. Then the collapse came. He iived in Macquarie-atreet, facing the Domain. Dr. Nathan was attending, and Archbishop Polding and the Vicar- General paid him several visits. Shortly before midnight on May 27, Senor ban Just, who was then quite collected, requested a gentleman residing next door to sit with him. He conversed for a while lucidly. A little later Dr. Nathan called, accom panied by Dr. Cox. The two medical men saw at once that the symptoms of mania were increasing. When the doctors left the room the patient locked and bolted it, refusing admission to anyone. The police were sent for to force the door. This was at three in the morning. Hearing them, poor 'San. Just opened his bed-room window, situated on the third story of the house, and flung himself into the street below. He never' moved or breathed again. A Dirge and Requiem Mass took place in the Sacred Heart Church, Lord Bertram Gordon, Sir John O'Shanassy, and the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley being among those present. The Archbishop read the prayers at the grave, the Bishops of Bathurat, Maitland, and Brisbane assisting. The Vicar-General (Dr. Sheehy) and a number of the clergy were present. The Archbishop issued a touching letter in connection with the sad event, which was read in several of the churches. Curiously enough, on the following Sunday morn ing the Archbishop blessed and opened the second pro- Cathedral — now St. Mary's boys' school. The ' chaiity festival' — if such it may be called — at St. Joseph's, Newtown, on Sunday last, with Bishop Higgins preaching and Archbishop Carr of Melbourne presiding in the sanctu&ry;, set me think ing again of olden days, when that dear priest, '^r. Garavel, was the pastor of the parish. It was Pere Garavel — of all our good priests who have passed hence most lovingly remembered— who built St. Joseph's. I wonder how many in the crowded con gregation last Sunday could tell of the ' historic' stone-throwing and. the smashing of the church win dows. Here is a record taken from the Sydney Free man's JotumAL, January 2, 1869, and curious reading it is : — ' On Christmas Day Mass was celebrated for the first time in St. Joseph's, Newtown, although the building is' not quite completed. The beautiful stained-glass windows were in, but the protecting wires were not fixed. Some time betweenFridayniglit and Saturday morning some scoundrels flung stones at the windows, and no less than seven panes were broken. The committee have offered a reward of £10 for the discovery of the miscreants, and it is to be hoped this will lead to bringing the guilty parties' to justice. Newtown has recently been the scene of several outrages, although there are five constables stationed in the locality. When there were but two, it was seldom that a breach of the peace oc curred, but with the increase of police there is a, corresponding increase in crime. The breaking of the windows of a Catholic church, displays a very bad spirit abroad, and only a few months ago would never have been thought of.' Was it coincidence, or what ?— the 5th of the same month saw St. Mary's pro- Cathedral in ashes. ' At the time, with the wretched O' Far roll's name on the tongues of mischief-makers, the attack on St. Joseph's, and the burning of the second St. Mary's were both put down — perhaps wrongfully— to the loyal zeal of the newly-established Orangemen. The community was still in the throes of the fierce ex citement aroused by the ParkesMartinDavies Steivart-O'Farrell-Duke of Edinburgh 'Fenian Conspiracy.' It was a critical time for Irish and Catholic colonists. This year ' all that remained' of the chief conspirators went down to their graves, rapidly following each other — Henry Parkes, John Daviesj and John Stewart. John Stewart presented the report in opposition to Sir William Macleay's, when the Select Committee of the House was appointed in 1869 to inquire into the bogus ' Fenian Conspiracy' in connection with the shooting of the Duke of Edinburgh. Macleay's majority report, clearing the Irish and Catholics, was adopted. Stewart's report attempted to fix the crime on the Irish Catholics, and to whitewash Parkes and Martin. Those who voted for Stewart's report (drawn up by Parkes and Martin) were Stewart himself, Sir James Martin, Sir Henry Parkes, and Geoffrey Eagar. All are dead. Sir William Macleay's supporters were Sir Saul Samuel (still happily living), the late Sir John Robertson, the late William Forster, and the late Stephen Camp bell Brown. D.B, 