THE MERCURY HOBART : THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896. EPITOME OF NEWS. Important mining news from Zeehan and Dundas in this issue. Intercolonial football result-Melbourne, 9.16; South Tasmania, 4.2. Social and sale of work at Hobart Tabernacle this evening in aid of Women's Guild. Derwent Dramatic Club in Fun on the Bristol at Theatre Royal on Monday evening I next. I Mail train leaves Hobart for Launceston at 10 to-night. Extra local train to Glenorchy at 8.10. St George's Band of Hope juvenile performance this evening, in aid of the Boys' Home. St. Andrew's Literary Association. Adjourned debate on Dr. Scott's paper, " History of Small-pox and Vaccination." Silver quotation, 31Jd. Obituary. Mr John Pender. Tidal wave 35ft. high at Hawaii. I Cutter Cambria sunk in Apollo Bay. Wintry weather throughout Victoria. Tin quotation, 62 10s. Market steady. , Renewed briskness at London wool sales. Intercolonial conference on tick pest suggested. . "Australians defeated Hampshire by an innings and 125 runs. RM.S. Austral passed Cape Otway inward last night at 10.15. Welcome rains at Darling Downs, Queensland. New Zealand likely to prohibit importation of Queensland horses, hides, and cattle. Australian Cricketers will only play five matches in New Zealand. Religious bodies in Victoria petitioning against mining under churches being allowed. Chartered Company's loan of £1,500,000 subscribed for in London in 48 hours. Cholera spreading in Egypt along the route of the Anglo-Egyptian expedition. Income tax proposals rejected by French Chamber of Deputies. " silverites " at Chicago Democratic Convention asserting their supremacy. Reckless flaying causes heavy loss on Australian hides and skins. Widespread strike among coal miners in England impending. Russia, Bulgaria, and Montenegro have entered into a defensive alliance. Peace in Crete seems to be within measur- able distance. Victorian tanners urge that dipping Queensland hides in brine will effectually kill ticks. Tax on entertainment tickets proposed in New Zealand to aid in providing fund for Old Age pensions. Newcastle miners on strike have received 20s. per man for the entire eleven weeks they have been idle. Telegraph Conference at Buda-Pesth likely to adopt a reasonable proposal concerning cable messages. Compensation offered Victorian Acting Railway Commissioners considered inadequate by two of their number. At Henley regatta Leander crew beat the Yale University crew in first heat for Grand Challenge Cup. Board of Trade returns for United Kingdom show a marked increase of imports and exports during June. Ex-Judge Edwards appointed to succeed late Sir Patrick Buckley as Judge of Supreme Court, New Zealand. Sharp fighting in Rhodesia, Colonel "Plumer's men have captured rebel strong- hold, made many prisoners, and driven off cattle and sheep. New Zealand Government has introduced a bill in the Assembly for an old age pension scheme. Everyone aged 65 and upwards, and resident in the colony for more than 20 years, to participate. Darling River committee have reported to New South Wales Government that any effective works would cost £1,500,000, and they suggest leaving it alone until federation is accomplished, and the outlay can be fairly apportioned. IN the Legislative Council yesterday, The Address-in-Reply was moved by Dr. Butler, seconded by Mr. Page and agreed to, the same to be presented to-day. Leave of absence was given to Messrs Grubb, Crosby, and Habt. Mr. Hooke carried a motion with respect to an improved means of conveying messages between the two Houses. At 6.5 p.m. the Council adjourned till 7.30 p.m. on Tuesday week. IN the House of Assembly yesterday, Notice was given by Ministers of several bills mentioned in the Governor's speech. Mr. DOBSON raised a point of privilege in regard to the Premier's assertions that he had on a former occasion compared the Anchor mine to the Mount Huxley swindle. The PREMIER repeated his belief that Mr. DOBSON did make the comparison in ques- tion, and promised to satisfy Mr. DOBSON privately as to the reasons he had for believ- ing himself accurate. Captain MILES brought up the Address- in-Reply to the Governor's speech, and moved its adoption. A lengthy debate en- sued, and the motion was agreed to, the Address-in-Reply to be presented next morn- ing at 11.15. The usual sessional orders were made, the House to meet at 4 p.m. instead of 3 p.m. At 10.30 p m. the House adjourned till 7.30 next evening. The debate on the Address-in-Reply was to have been merely a formal one, at least so many persons said, but it developed as the speeches went on, until at last it reached rather formid- able proportions. The mover and seconder of the Address were as mild and pleasant, on the whole, as they well could be, but subsequent speakers opened up various questions which will yet have to be more fully dis- cussed. Everybody expressed satis- faction with the financial position, and there were many suggestions that the existing system of economy should be continued, until the deficiency had been cleared fairly and finally off. It is pleasant to see that there is a determined intention to sustain any Ministry which will follow out the policy of retrenchment and economy. So far all are agreed. On this point there is no difference in the House, for even the Opposition had not one word to say in contra- vention of the policy which has, so far, improved the general state of affairs. Nor were prophecies want- ing. There were members who saw this colony rising year after year to higher financial spheres, until at last it reached that happy stage when the burden of taxation shall be lightened, and the reward shall come for all the tribulation undergone and all the sacrifices made. These pleasant results are to, flow from the develop- ment of mining, which is to become of such magnitude and importance as to make this colony the cynosure of all mining eyes. We have nothing to say against these forecasts. We have said many times that we believe that they are based on very good evi- dence, and that we know yet but little of what this small island con- tains in the shape of mineral treasures. Thus, the House was in an excellent frame of mind last night ; indeed, we may say that we have seldom seen before a session open with such harmony, and with such pleasant in- dications of a short and happy period of discussion and legislation. It is evident, however, already that Ministers will have to resist de- mands for expenditure, which are coming upon them rather fast. They have so far stated that they will be prepared to deal with any matter which promises to bring in a return by opening up the re- sources of the country. All this may mean a great deal, or it may mean nothing, but we take it that it all means that Ministers do not intend to spend more than they can help, and in this determination we believe them to be right. The MINISTER OF LANDS gave a wise caution, when he re- minded the House that as soon as the finances improved there was a tendency to rush into fresh expendi- ture. We can find no justification for calling this a policy of stagnation, for we take it that no Ministry at this time could venture to resume a policy of lavish expenditure. We must con- tinue to work within our means, and we apprehend that Ministers will have general support if they persist in the policy in regard to the finances which they have laid down. In the course of such a debate there were, naturally, numerous suggestions and criticisms, the precise value of which no one can venture to say. Agriculture and mining, as usual, are to be encouraged, but the precise nature of the encouragement could not be set forth. So far as agriculture is concerned, the chief point seems to be, that the Council of Agriculture shall be made a real live institution, and not merely a ministerial appanage. At the present time there are indi- cations of this institution becoming a sort of mutual admiration society, whereas the general opinion of the farmers seems to be, that it will be of little use unless it is placed on a popular and liberal basis. This is a matter which country members will do well to watch closely, or we shall have another department which will be neither ornamental nor useful. The honourable member for Montagu headed the House to a speech of one hour and a half on the wants, wishes, and woes of the West Coast, and spoiled his case somewhat by over- acting his part. The MINISTER OF LANDS replied that the best was being done in the circumstances, so far as works are concerned, but he made no real answer to the numerous allega- tions of the need of mining law reform. In this direction there is a wide field to be worked, but we see no signs of competent labourers. The mining business is mainly chaotic. All sorts of anomalies and unnecessary restrictions exist, as if the object was rather to deter people from mining than to encourage them to mine. Indeed, the subjects of the size of leaseholds, the enforcement of the labour clauses, the forfeiture of leases and regulations require to be fully reinvestigated, but there is little chance of the required work being done. On the whole, the House takes little real interest in mining affairs, whilst the most that officials do is, to follow slavishly what is done in Vic- toria, where the circumstances are very different from our own. The hon. member for Fingal concurred in the need for mining reform, but it is evident that the subject will not receive any real attention for a long time to come, although we hear that the welfare of the colony depends on the effectual development of the mining industry. The debate ranged over a number of subjects, few of which can be said to have been exhaustively dealt with, but some things were said which are of interest. Mr. DOBSON criticised severely the action of the PREMIER in his dealings with officers of the Agricul- tural Council, and it must be admitted that he is generally most unhappy in his relations to officials. Somehow, the outcome is muddle and in- efficiency. Of course, there were references to Federation, in which it came out that the figures of Sir Samuel Griffith, which have been so generally accepted, are not held by many to be at all conclusive. We, our- selves, have suggested this more than once, but, as a rule, the figures have been taken as they stand, and no questions asked. The honourable member for Ringarooma had the courage to declare the miner's-right to be a sham and a nuisance, a fact which we have stated many times. The humbug of the whole thing may be learned from the experience of Vic- toria and New South Wales, where thousands of miners never take out a right at all, and are never a penny the worse. Ministers did not trouble the House with explanations or infor- mation, as they appeared to be quite content to let the discussion go on its winding way, after the fashion of such debates, which are usually criticisms on things in general. Indeed, so great interest was taken in the pro- ceedings, the real centre of attraction being the Financial Statement to be delivered to-night, round which somewhat an air of mystery has been thrown by the obscure passage in the GOVERNOR'S Speech. THE Assembly has hardly met before the Anchor mine came up once more. Mr. Dobson called attention to the fact that the Premier had stated on several occasions that he (Mr. Dobson) had compared the Anchor Co. to the Mount Huxley, whereas what he had said was, that a Minister who lent his name to an unknown prospectus might find himself promoting a Mount Huxley Co Mr. Dobson referred to several mem- bers of the House who could bear his statement out, one of whom was prepared to support it on oath, and he called on the Premier to produce the four members on whom he said that he relied or withdraw the statement. Sir Edward Braddon said that he was quite clear that he heard Mr. Dobson make the statement referred to. Mr. Dobson said that this was merely a repetition of the im- putation, whereupon Sir Edward Braddon was understood to say that he would satisfy Mr. Dobson, and there the matter ended for the time being. It seems a pity that Sir Edward Braddon should persist in his allegation, because he has been so often told that he is mistaken, and the very denial by Mr. Dobson should be sufficient to settle the question as between gentlemen. One thing is quite certain, that if Mr. Dobson had made such a comparison it would have been reported, but as he spoke in general terms only a general statement was recorded. The fact is, that on the occasion referred to, no less than four papers were represented in the gallery, and the statement in which Sir Edward Braddon persists does not appear in one of them. As a matter of probability, it may be con- cluded that a comparison of the kind would not have escaped notice, especially by the papers which have given Ministers their blind support. All the facts are against Sir Edward Braddon, and as for public manners and public courtesy he may be said to be out of the field. It is a pity that he sets so bad an example, but it is evident that the matter has become a personal one, and that feeling masters other considerations. The hobbies of Members are coming to the front early this session. The children of the city will be rather relieved to hear that the burly member for Queenborough, Dr. Crowther, has abandoned them and their cigarette smoking and taken up the ghost, or rather this once gallant and still learned member of the Assembly wages the ghost taken up, and wants, moreover, the occupants of the Ministerial Benches to act as police- men, and do it. Such a suggestion thus early in the session is food for comment only in one aspect. Of itself it only deserves to be treated with the laughter with which Members actually heard it read, but in face of the universal expression of opinion that there is important work to be done, and little enough time to do it in, is it not the duty of the House to put its foot down and say that no such nonsense will be tolerated this year. It is clear that though this may be the opinion of a wise majority, it is not the opinion of all, and if other members see that Dr. Crowther's first little bit of sensationalism is productive of serious notice, they may feel in duty bound to bring them- selves into like prominence by similarly trivial means. No one wishes to have too much on the duty of Parliament. What one desires is to prevent what Captain Miles hinted at in his speech on the Address-in-Reply— the purposeless and insidious waste of time at the earlier sittings, which makes the last day of the session a scene of weeping and wailing over wasted time and lost opportunities. No doubt Dr. Crowther himself knows that the subject of the ghost is not one for Parliament at all. Why, then it will be asked, did he introduce it ? The only possible reply is that a certain craving for notoriety wedded to a warped appreciation of the relative importance of things has resulted in this latest typical Queenborough out- break. But now is the time for the House to make a stand for dignity and common sense. The milk is not spilt yet, and so there is nothing yet to cry over ; but the jug is tilted ever so little, and unless there is a movement to keep it erect there will be the usual mess and waste. That is all but it should be quite enough to bring the House to its senses. THERE seems to be a strong feeling amongst members of the Assembly Chamber that while it would be unfair to take the words which the Treasurer used to the member for Montagu on Tuesday as a challenge to him to continue to support Ministers " through thick and thin," or go into straight opposition, there is more behind the scene than Ministers are as a body willing to allow to be the case. Mr. Urquhart had informed the Treasurer that he had a large bill of complaints to bring against the Ministry, and the reply Sir Philip Fysh made was that if such was the case he should have to ask him to leave the room. That was all, and the conversation was allowed to take a jocular turn, but there is still an uneasy feeling that the Tasmanian Ministry of the present day are not quite free from the American practice of being good to their friends, a fact indeed which they themselves have not hesitated to make pretty apparent by the course they adopt, say, in regard to the Government advertising. With all due deference, therefore, as Mr. Pillin- ger's fairness as the titular administra- tor of the Works Office, and to his presumable discretion in wielding the free hand which is to be asked for him in privately allocating the works of the year, few as they will be, what assurance have they, members ask, that the Pre- mier's interference will not turn things in a much less satisfactory direction ? How the Premier can treat a political opponent was shown pretty plainly yesterday by the cavalier, brusque, even rude way in which he replied to the member for Brighton in regard to what is at any rate a burning question to the latter gentleman, an incident which is isolated only as to the subject matter dealt with, and not by any means as to the manner in which it was disposed of. The only satisfactory way out of the difficulty, for difficulty it undoubtedly is, seems to be for the Works Statement to follow, as it has done in previous years, the financial one to be delivered this evening, and then, members having the whole pro- gramme before them, can discuss it in its entirety, and have something defi- nite settled and the ground clear for other business. This is the only way in which safety lies, and that, too, in a direction which is of far greater moment to the people of the colony, North, South, and East, as well as West, than all the amendments other- wise projected in the abstract laws of the land. report on the Tasmanian Post and Telegraph Department for the year 1895 shows a very satisfactory increase of business, the receipts exceeding those of the previous year by £2, ISO. An estimated saving of £12,000 in expenditure has also been effected. Revenue amounting to £64, 537 is thus apportioned Postage, £37,000, impressed stamps, £8,000 ; money order commission, £1,988 ; profit earned in Savings Banks, £030; private boxes, mail bags, fines, etc,, £623 ; poundage on postal notes, £168 ; telegraph receipts, £12,273 ; telephone rentals, £3,049. Expenditure, which amounted to£Gl,972, was made up thus: Salaries and allowances, £27,859 ; conveyance of mails, £23,447 ; miscellaneous, £1,291 ; stationery and stores, £1,401 ; cable subsidies, £2,372 ; additions, repairs, and maintenance of lines, £0,051 The increase of business is shown by the following figures. The increase in the aggregate number of stamps, post cards, and embossed envelopes sold, was 163,383. Letters [ posted in Tasmania increased 69,927 ; post cards, _ 15,372 ; packets, 22,012. Letters received in Tasmania (per ship) increased 10,851 ¡ post cards, 6,386. Newspapers received in Tasmania (per ship) show a decrease of 66,299 (proof that local _ publications are fulfilling local requirements. The returns of money order business for the year under notice also show satisfactory business. The increase in number of orders issued was 6,704, and in orders paid 1,879. The aggregate amounts compare thus : - j 1894_IpBiied, £155,014; paid, £136,266. 1895 -Issued, £165,041 ; paid, £146,702 Total am out of transactions - 1894 £293 215; 1895, £313 834 In the Post Office Savings Banks £78,717 7s. 6d. was received as deposits during the year, including £3,447 8s. 2d. apportioned to depositors as interest. £02,784 14s. 2d. was withdrawn, leaving a balance of £114,994 11s to credit of investors, against £99~,061 18s. 6d. at close of the previous year. 3,174 accounts were opened, 1,625 were closed, and 0,785 remained open at close of year, as against 5,236 in 1894. Free telegrams during the year numbered 37,749, valued at £1,940; For the previous year the number was 47,544, and value £5,012. Of letters and packets passing through the Post Office 995.994 were tracked, and consequently, like the free telegrams, did not contribute to the revenue. Railway Bates One of the documents laid before Parliament this session is a report by Mr. Back, Manager of the Tasmanian railways, on the rates in operation on the lines of this colony, being the result of an investigation heard by him by desire of the Parliamentary Committee of 1895, in which he points out that the rates in this island with ruling gradients of 1 in 40, and successions of 6 chain reverse curves, must necessarily be greater than on lines which run over miles of level plains and rolling downs in large districts of Australia and New Zealand. Nevertheless, in' spite of this disadvantage, the rates in operation in tasmania bear favourable comparison with those of all the neighbouring colonies, and are in the aggregate actually lower. The best of service, especially haulage, has also, Mr.' Bank contends, to be taken into consideration in this colony, as well as the limited volume of traffic), and on this basis he compares the rates of the various colonies, with advantage to those in force in Tasmania ; the goods and the live stock rates in operation on the Tasmanian lines being lower in the aggregate than elsewhere in Austria. From the farmers' standpoint, and making comparison with Victoria, it is urged, for instance, that the average number of miles each on of agricultural produce was carried in Victoria in 1895 was 119 miles, whereas the average distance in Tasmania was only 39 11 rule, while' the average cost to the Victorian farmer for carrying a ton of produce was 10\. 8 52.1., and to the Ta-rrwnia'u furrier 4s. 6 516. The public, Mr. Hack can hands, being the shareholders of the railways, cannot reasonably expect to receive dividends b held in cash and in reduced rates. Unclaimed Tkleouam.-A message addressed Miss A. Grundy, 44, Goulburn street, awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Office. W D. Fsupoo« ft Of. Kew BeMooe Janian On Four Miles -2 - HoMEWARD Enomsii Mails The mails which left Tasmania on May 25 Ust, per RMSS. Orient, are not yet advised as having reached London, The mails leaving by R MS. Britannia on left ult., reached London on the 7th inst. They were due 1 there on the 8th. The Financial Statkmknt,-It is the intention of the Treasurer (Sir Philip Fysh) to deliver his budget statement for the year at half-past 7 o'clock this evening. In course of conversation yesterday Sir Philip said he had a cheery tale to tell and some important suggestions to make, but that in his opinion Tasmanians only required to believe in themselves to soon find themselves in a thoroughly healthy position. The Willis Dead Season -The alteration in the Game Act last year, whereby the season for shooting wild duck was made to close on June 30, instead of July 21 as previously, does not appear to have had general recognition among gunners, for it is reported that even now in the Bridgewater district the slaughter of these birds is being carried on. It is very doubtful in the ducks have as yet entertained any thoughts of next season's housekeeping, but " law is law," and brings ought to be obeyed. OFFICIAL DESPATCH ON THE PRICE OF Ari'Lta. " Fruitgrower" writes :- ''Sir Pinito Fych states in his despatch to the Imperial Government that we are willing to supply any quantity of apples at 2s. per bushel in the orchard. I consider this statement is calculated to do us much harm, as with everything in our orchard taxed more heavily than any other agricultural industry, we cannot grow apples at 2s., and if this statement in allowed to be scattered broadcast in England i event Garden will take toed o ire that, we do not give more than this amount for any sent. Perhaps Sir Philip mains this session to make our taxation at 2s. a bushel." Farmers and Federation -A letter from Sir. Timothy Hayseed, touching the position of farmers under federation, contained a peculiar misprint. The writer intimated that he was quite aware of the difference between a " Federal " sad a I .. Unitary " State, but the printer made the , word last quoted " Military." , i PafcMiKu Braddon and Lotteries We I have received a pamphlet containing an address by the Rev. Shaw, on Sir Edward Braddon's Hofenco of sweeps. The Premier is dealt with rather severely, and a mass of evidence against latteries cited, showing that they have been generally condemned. " Walch's Intkllioenokr " The July issue of this useful publication will be found full of information for b, ok purchasers and book readers. Special references are made to the Royal Natural History and the vessel tially up-to-date Encyclopedia, The Oracle. Both present magnificent volumes of reference at very moderate cost. City. Police Court -Before the Police Magistrate (Mr. B. Shaw), and Mr. J. W. Hoggins, JAPAN Frederick Spurling was fined 5s., costs remitted, and Edward Fry 10s. and 7s. 6d. costs, or 14 days, for using g obscene language. The information against James and John Macfarlane for an all, aged breach of the Customs Regulations was withdrawn, they having deli vet ed their request to the Collector of Customs to institute proceedings in the Supreme Court. Hibernian A.C.B. Society. The half yearly meeting of this society was held last evening in St. Peter's hall. Mr. John Gleeson (president) occupied the chair, and Mr. G. E. Kelly the vice chair. After the minutes had been read and the general routine business of the society had been disposed of the election of officers was proceeded with, when the following were, after fair ballot, declared elected President, Mr. G. E. Kelly ; vice- president, Mr. C. Vout. For the office of secretary there were two candidates, and although there were 84 members present, Mr. John Hoare was declared duly elected for the ensuing six months by a majority of 46 votes. Bros. Mitchell and T. McNamara were elected sick visitors, and Bro. John Lord was elected warden and Bro. R. Carden guardian, and Bros. Whelan and McDonald assistants After the election of a officers was concluded they severally returned thanks, and Mr. Hoare, the seer - try, specially returned thanks for his election, and said he valued his re urn very much, and would not forget, the kindness of the brethren for their renewed expressions of confidence, and hoped the members would not regret their choice. The meeting was then declared closed. Australian Natives Ball The annual plain and fancy dress ball of the Australian Natives' Association was given last evening -in the Temperance-hall Melville-street, and was most successful in every respect The performance of the market by the ladies and gentlemen who desired it at the recent carnival given in the same hall in aid of the Catholic Church at New Town, was a special and interesting feature in the programme of dances. About 140 ladies and gentlemen attended the hall. Inspiring music was provided by Hopkins' String Band, ned Mr. VV, Sergeant made an efficient master of ceremonies. H on ART Poor The inclement nature of the weather probably prevented a large attendance at the Town-hall last evening, on the occasion of a concert being given to aid in augmenting a fund for relieving in Burne measure distress existing amongst Hobart poor. Members of the Orpheus Club who were put down for two itt ms did not appear, owing to several causes, the chief being that five of the number who were announced to take part were suffering from influenza Those who c attributed numbers, vocal and ins rumenta!, were Mesdames Vautin, Hirst, '1 uYnbull ; Messrs. J. W Gould, Spencer Browne, W. C. Eltham, F. P. Bowden, Mervyn Henry. Mr. A. J Mills presided at the organ, and Mrs. Turnbull was the pianoforte accompanist Mr. Chas. E. Astley, a professional from Sydney, gave a violin solo, accompanied by Mr. n.J. Mills on the road. During the interval the Rev. Archibald Turnbull stated that the proceeds of the concert, together with money already collect d, would probably result in something like £21 being realised, which would be utilised without delay in rendering, as far as possible, distress existing amongst the poor. He believed that another effort would be made, when he hoped the public would liberally respond. Cycling. The third annual meeting of the Tasmanian Cycling Club was held at Cooley's Hotel last evening, the patron (Mr. Thos. Bennison) in the chair. The report and balance-sheet, showing the club to be in a good position financially and otherwise, were adopted, the credit balance being £33 5s. 11d. The Chairman reviewed the great advance made in cycling both in Tasmania and the other colonies. He also referred to the great benefit derived from moderate use of the cycle, and concluded by wishing the club all the success possible The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:-Patron, Mr. Thos. Bennison; president, Mr. A. Crisp, MHA.; vice presidents, Messrs. Wilson, T. L. Hood, W. Golding, H. Nicholls ; captain, W. H. Wallace ;. vice- captain, A. B. Crisp e, secretary, J. Swift ; treasurer. Alb. Russell ; committee. Messrs. Baily, Beddome, Camp bull ; auditor, Mr. H- Griffith After general business had been transacted the patron presented the prizes won at the club's 50-mile road race, and the meeting terminated by the captain proposing a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Bennison for presiding, which was carried unanimously. The rest of the evening was spent very enjoyably in listening to a musical programme, several members showing talent of a high order. Oddfellowship -The half-yearly meeting of the Buoki' germ ' district was held in the chambers, Collins -street, last evening. The officers present were P G M. Willmott, PIGS. O'Brien, P.C 8. Jackson, and delegates from the Southern Star, Franklin, Raglan, Pride of Devonshire, Prince Alf i ed, Bellerive, Derwent, and Dal verton lodges. The balance-sheet, as read by the secretary, showed that notwithstand- ing the many calls the funeral fund has had to meet a profit of £30 had been made during the half-year. The business-sheet contained several items of great importance to members, amongst which were proposi- tions to establish female lodges and old age pensions, both of which will be further considered during the recess. At the close of the business P.G M. Willmott presented to to PPGM. Bentley a handsome past officer's certificate, neatly framed in Mrs. L. Hood's best style, in recognition, of the faithful manner in which the recipient had discharged his duties as a district officer. The meeting then took the form of a social. Light refreshments were provided, and a very pleasant time was spent. The usual loyal toasts, and those relating to the society, were duly honoured. During the evening songs were rendered by Bros. E. G. Jackson, W. Whelan, J. Paterson, and J. Whelan, whilst Master George Jackson gave a pianoforte solo and also presided at the instrument during the evening. The meeting closed at 9 o'clock by all singing the National Anthem. The Hunt The Hobart hounds will meet at the Red Gate on the Tunnel Hill, Cambridge-road, at 1.30 o'clock on Saturday afternoon next 