THE WEEK IH THE SOUTH. tFBOH OUR OWN COBBESrONDENT.) HOBART. TnnnsDAY. — Ttao days of tirUamcnt arc clipping quietly aloug, and when the Homo rises for the session we may very soon cipect to be in the thick of the general election. When Ifcc House again meeU there will be a vast change in the fenennd of the Assembly nienibcra. Bkc tora of the various constituencies in the ooutb say tnai we are Hpuiuat''^ »uuiuc» and a better era, the genuine dawning of ft brighter day of which the earliest rayBalrcfcdy Btreek the horizon. Democrats say that there is a time coining alter which never, ncvoT more, shall the mind of the free and in dependent bu fettered and chained. Con servatives look forward (wo tbey say) to thle period because it will see the consumma tion of all that is beautiful in the political nni verse. ThiB mcane practically Ihe placing in power of the last Administration, or a portion of them. Now, the last Administra tion, and a goodly portion of their followers, are going to have a little picnic cf it when they face their conetitnontB. Mr Dobsou baa* got one of the strongest men in the dis trict out against him, and there ie going to be no more walks over for Mr Neil Lewis when be toes the scratch iu the Richmond district. There is a strongman, if not two strong men, waiting to juniii his claim, and the wagering at present ib efx W fonr against him. The ubiquitous Orooke is worrying Mr Woollnough's dibtiicL for aU he iB worth, and when the nnmberB go up at King borongh it Bhould eeo all new men in. Beearding the town constituencies, if the Hare system becomes Jaw aU tlicse will be altered, and there will be a general scramble. Under the present Bjettin Mr Burgees will have a cut in for West Hubert, and there nre a couple of dark horses mentioned for South Hobart. North Hobart is the happy hunting ground ol the democrat (why it is hard lo Bay. Perhaps it is because bo few dumo cratB live in North). William Fulton, who tells, people ii he gets in do moro shall the mind of man be fettered and chained, Is booked to oppoee Bir Philip F.\Eh; and James Paton, of Clipper fame, is goiDg to try and ehift the genial Crisp. Neither Fnlton nor Paton has a ghost of a show iu the political running, and it will be curioue to iee bow many vote for them. There ier however, & daDgerous outsider who is ready to plank down his entia.net; See as booh &s; be see* how the weather Lreaks. Colonel St. Hill has been in Parliament before, and be will go there again if bis opponents are not careful. With which will be pair, Sir Philip or Alfred ? Echo answers, ' ' W hiuh 1 ' The Council of Agriculture under ite new regime is doing a vast amount of UBtlal work. Us usefulness to farmers, donueti cated acimalB, and crops cannot possibly be over-estimated. The department is re peatedly getting communications regarding tee hone hot, evaporated vtgLtableB, tbc codlin moth and other fruit pesu, but never have they received a line or an ecqu'.rj concerning such conEumahle producta as the turnip radish, cabbage, and the various ealadicgs that one eecs fre quently on the tabk-a of the wealthy. Nothing enriches the humble table more than the crisp radishes and tender growths of the garden mustard and cress. BoaBt beef, whtn one can get it, is rendered more palatable bv the pungent and exhilarating bone radish, and often the addition of an abundance of water cress enable a man to make a good mealwiih bread and Utter. fatten on the nutritive organs of the plants, which receive little or no attention from entomologists. Even Hnon Thompson in his communication to the Premier left them out of bis calculations. One would like to know whether ibe council and Us honorary officers are going to look after the welfare of A group of plants upon which the bi-alth of man and the exigence of stock depends. AgricultnriBts are fall up of the Queensland tick and bot fly. Ihe mustard of commerce Atands pre-tniinent as a coiidimcnt, ami for a Teal right- down attack of influenza one going to have the onion aad its colleagues protected by the Department of Agricul ture, or are we not 1 Tbe Oity Council have had for ibe pact month or lwo a new eet of standiog orders to digest, and they have put off the evil day for cooBidering them as Iodk as thoy can. One day thiB week they were asked by the May or to have a talk over ibe new laws, and, if they liked thttn. to pass them. Alder man Dillon, who was prment, hoe a lot of condensed wiEdom of a kind, but those standing orders gravelled bim. Alderman Bradley is by birth and habit a democrat of the ancient and now dtca% ing tchool, and &b; a consequence he failed to grip them Alderman Eeabrook, a Liberal, nnm'd at the feet of goodness knowB whom, was not slow to appreciate the new rulus provided they gave one the power to discriminate between t'other and which. Aldermen Daviee, Duff, Bej molds, Smith, and Hiddlestoce all spoke at some length, and paliited what they bad seen in the world of standing orders, which caused the Mayor to show a little tmotion. The Southern OUy Councillors are going to hold to the old style of things until they Blc what soil of standing orders their Northern colleagues The show of the Poultry and Dog Bociety Is going to be eometbiLg worth lookinc at thU year. The society ate only Buffering from one drawback, viz, that of a suffi ciently large room. They bare secured the Town Hall, after a lot of trouble, Luc it will barely suffice for the feathered exLibiie. The dogs will have to take an omeidi ticket. The secretary, Mr A. W. John stem, ia a real live man in the execuiivd department, and it won't be hie fault if the exhibitors from the North don't gut a hearty reception. Dr. Sprott made the proceedings of the Boyal Bociety the other evcniiig very inter esting. He gave a lecture ou ' Consump tion,' which perhaps destroys more peoplt in these colonies than any other known disease. In variable climates like Tasmania there is ftlwaje an additional difficulty to be contended with by those who have been unfortunate enough to contract consumption. One of the doctor a strong points was the predisposing causes of the disease, and, not bo hopeless to cure as many people Imagine, and he impressed on his hearcra that when once established the fact of its establishment bccime of the grcaleBt im portance, and the means of determining either its absence or ite presence could not be too carefully studied. Such sound views as those expressed by the city officer of health to cure a disorder which sticks up medical practitioners from day to day cannot be repeated too often. The Attorney-Genera] iritd to excite and stir up the mind of the people the other evening on the subject of tin Hare ejeum, which the Government Statistician is of opinion will greatly accelerate the movements of the general dec Lion con tests. Old institutions are peculiar things ; they will not give way to the new, even, when it is shown that \he new will Simplify matters. A great many people are prejudiced agaiaBt the Hare ?ypiieiu Diujpjj uccautK; inry uu not Know what it is, and they tell oie they do not want to know. Ibis is one of the troubles that Mr Clark has to encounter. He took a lot of pains with his Bubject, and he cou vinoed those present that the new system oould give the old o ie points in tvery respect. What effect the Attorney- General will produce ou hon. meub&rs; iu the Assem bly remains to be eeej. Petitions are flowing into Parliament day alter day against the establishment of Tat teraall in the stone store in El:zibeth- Btreet, and as evtJy one cowtM to hnud it is con signed to the wnste-paptr basket. Tatttmll has come to stay in fh& mania, at kast for % while. The Legislature holds this opinion, and if this is the cue rilling op petitions is so much lost time. The latest departure of the America q oolltg* girl &Uow6; that slie is Xty no tncuntj at a low for methods to put herself iu posfsee sion of extra pocket money. She has dis covered that it is profitable to turn waitress during the summer months, &ud; there are plenty of boLelfi that are willing to employ her. It is an old story to bear of college men indulging in experiences of this sort but their sisters are denying their right to the exclusive possession even of thii uu ftttnottofeld of labor. 