A Lady's Letter from London. March 27. I really don't know how women with very limited allowances or incomes will manage to make a pre sentable appearance this year. Mo doubt there are many who will achieve it^-those who always loaked ' well turned out,' although tbey spend next to nettling on their dress ; either because they fashion smart, dainty garments for themselves with their own clever fingerB, or because they are blessed witli tucb good figures, and hold themselves so well, that even second-rate clothes look superior on them. They are lucky, and nan consider themselves almost independent , of dressmakers, but ordinary mortals who cannot'5 pay high prices will come off badly. Materials, ''and consequently gowns, are enormously dear. I saw a prettily- made mohair dress in a Bond- street shop -yesterday, with a rather elaborate vest of cnibroidered grass-cloth. It was a model I was toll,' and the price was 25 guineas, but it could be copied for 18. At Peter Robinson's I admired a blouse, but .-had- to restrain my admiration, for the cost of it Vras nine guineas. The new materials, too, are most expensive. Crepons have given a great deal of effect at a moderate price, owing to their crinkled surfaccj and now that flat materials are worn they have to be of extra fine quality or very elaborate de sign to look anything but commonplace. Mohair is used to give stiffness to all the new grenadines and gauzes, and that has become very costly. Many of the fabrics in use for visiting dresses are as much as a pound per yard. Hitherto one has always been able to get a smart material for about 7s 3d or Ss 6d per yard, but that is now quite a low price for 1 ' fancy ' ' 'goods. Inthe ehene designs which are most in request, an immense number of shades are blended, and -that of course adds to the difficulty of manufacture. The shot mohairs and alpacas have attained to a most wonderful gloss and shine. Tbey can be bought in many differing textures, from the thi™, fine material like the old alpaca, tc a heavy cloth, thick enough to take the place of tweed. - 1 looked over a number yesterday, and found that they had greatly improved in gloss since last season. One in pink, shot with cream, was very freshlook ing and pretty, and another in pale grey with gleams of terra-cotta in the folds would make a charming summer gown. For useful wear a combi nation of blue and brown especially pleased me. I was glad to hear that they were all of English manufacture, and that English goods were oming iuto the market more and more every, season. Women who realise the desirability of buying home products will be only too glad to know that their silks, homespuns, tweeds, and mohairs are of British manufacture, and would also rejoice if the best fancy materials in trimmings were the results of home labour, but at present we have to go to France for them. ' The rapidity with which sleeves are diminishing is really amsemg. No new sleeves are. being made now that do not fit tightly nearly to the top, where a short puff is used, aud many fit quite cloiely even to tbe artnhole, where deep bows, or tabs, or revers from the shoulder take off the perfect plainness which is trying to our eyes just yet. The skirt of the moment, too, iB distinctly less wide than its predecessor. It is still well gored, but less so in Iront, and is put in at the back of the waist with scarcely any fullne s. In the fashion books I have seen many sleeves fitting tightly from shoulder to . the elbow, and then ending in one or two frills, but iu, or rather on, the flesh no tuch new departure has been visible. Basques are worn on almost all bodices this year. They axje jisually very much fluted, but may he cut iu tabsjf^tlf^y are wanted to lie. jflat on the hips. Sometimes the bodices are made with seams like - j icketa wheiit- the basques are cut in one with them, | but when the bodices ate draped the basques are applied. Princess gowns are also worn for walking , dresses as well as for the evening. I cannot remem ber if I have already said. thatiifieso should he cut without t^e^wo seams that give theshaping for the bust in anSrdinary bodice, but with the seam of the front widthof the skirt carried right up through the bodicfe +o ihe%honldfir. The side of the front is then shaped aa in a court bodice, v. The collars, revers, and facings of most tailor made gownsnow are in white cloth, and white ealin is almostSniversally used for the same purpose on ?smarter irpeks. White chiffon threaded ; with fine lines of Sequins or with sprays of lace applique is much used for vests and grass lawn embroidered with the most delicate' bouquets of flowers. I handled some a few diys ago that was a perfect work of .art, but alas, its perfection could only be purchased at the rato of £b a yard. It takes fully iialf a yard in length tomake even a short vest, so no wonder pretty frocks of ihe newest materials are costly. After having ' interviewed ' Jhe best, it is difficult for ths feminine mind to rest content without possessing if. A gentleman with an ex pensive wife, when the fall of man was being discussed, remarked that hecould-not understand dress ever having - been ordered to. woman a6 a punishment-. Andreally almost all women seem to love dj&s; \- by nature— even those entirely without persousl jvanity. Only yesterday, a . friend who is going to be married, and live in the quietest of tsountryjbowus said to me : ' I must have one really lovely dinner gown, and if I never wear it, I will take it oat and look at it occasionally.' Does one ' not know in shopping how difficult it is to think o garments only in relation to4oneself,and oijej's needs. how r ch apio t ite'^iu ty is wasted unless it the sweater, |«r un less It is suitaBfle Jd.theocca sops dnTWhich ifc^ill be worn. ; One iftV^io gtbsaefcs pTCttyfthin^-^ their owu-eak^ an& ntitjmBrely in the hope of - outshining others, aamenunteindly say 6f ujl-. feWfe A ti'Sv^ltyln tie way ofroSts^mL^hoe'f-tms been introduced. At the ice rinks many of the skaters wear white buckskin boots, and it is said that it will be the. mode to wear themwith light dresses during, the coming Beason. Boots and shoe,s are still made totally unlike the shape of the human foot. The toes are made to narrow to a point in a line from the middle of the foot. Comparatively few men submit to be made uncomfortable in this way, so their bootmakers provide more sensible coverings for their feet, but the majority of women ta ke what is sold-to them in the name of fashion without questioning, and the result in this crtsc is that they walk abominably, and chiropodists flourish and multiply. A special feature of the new modes that I must not forget to mention is the excessive height of neck binds. Not only do they completely swathe the neck, but they spread open at the top, bo as to reach nearly to the ears, and to take in the part beneath the chin. The lower part of the face is completely framed in ruches, frills, or draperies. For outdoor wear the ruches that are worn spread as widely as Queen Elizabeth's ruffs, and are twice as full and ample. _ The masked balls held at the ice rinks, Niagara Hall and the new Ice Palace, have all been moBt successful, and attended by a smart set of people. Skating lends itself well to picturesque costumes, and the dresses have been truly admirable. At the last ball, which took place at Niagara, the first prize was won by a splendid Polar bear, a beast who attended a beauty clad in white fur, and deco rated with emeralds. One or two pictures were reproduced, the famous portrait of Mrs. Siddons, and Gainsborough's Duchess of Devonshire, bith beiug splendidly carried out. The first prize for ladies was won by a' ghost, who was most success fully ghastly. . She wore over her long white dress a transparent domino iu 'bluish white, that was held together by wooden arms, with wooden hands at the end of them. On her skates she glided about in most gruesome fashion. Skating is admirable as a ghost movement. A very thorough-going get-up was that of a labourer in a . smock frock. Its wearer had realistically followed, even to the ' tommy-bag,' the dinner' tied up in a figured cotton handkerchief. St. Patrick's night was celebrated by a fancy dress carnival at Hengler's (the Ice Palace in Argyll-street is the eite of Hengler's old circus), and there a lady personifying Erin won the first prize. Fashion has . set its seal on real ice-skating rinks, and lucky indeed are those who started them as a venture. Last week Lady Dunmore gave a parly at the Ice Palace in honour of the Duke and Duchess of Saxe-Ooburg and other royalties. Skat ing was much enjoyed, and the afternoon was a great success. I have been hoping that tickets of admission to the rink would soon be lowered in price, as Ss for a few hours' skating soon mounts up, but my hope is not likely to be realised this season at any rate. The Queen Park Cldb, a ladies' club you will re member, has been removed, and has started its third yeir of existence in fine rooms in Grafton-street. The club has an enclosure in Battersea Park for cyclists, and the track there is once more getting very popular, as Hyde Park in the mornings is too crowded with ' wheels ' of various kinds for com fort, or even for safety, . A lady who. takes a considerable amount of exer cise on her bicycle tells me that one of the most satisfactory beverages to take as a pick-me-up is milk tea, though of course this should only be in dulged in at proper times and seasons, or it wbuld be as harmful as ordinary tea. Milk tea is ? made by pouring boiling milk on the leaves, and letting them infuse just three minutes — no more. It is certainly very nice and refreshing in cold weather, but I do not think it would quench one's thirst well as tbe temperature rises ; anything very milky partakes too much of the nature of food to answer that pur pose when one is suffering from heat. ? I saw an amusing incident tlie other day at Battersea. Two elderly ladies had gone thither to watch the cycling, and one of them, who was evi- I dently stone deaf, remarked loudly on the spectacle to her companion. The replies were apparently entirely lost to her, which did not seem to trouble her for some time, hut at last she tendered her ear trumpet.' Lady No. 2 looked dubiously at it for a I second or two, then took it with a bland smile, and raised it to one eye, shutting up the other tightly, and treating it as a spy- glass. The expression on the two faces was a joyful study, the one acting the most polite satisfaction with her novel eyeglass, the . other showing such utter incredulity and astonish- ; meht as I have never before witnessed. I read somewhere lately a few details of royalties that rather interested me. The Princess of Walep, owing, she says, to her early bringing up, unwit tingly makes her maids-in-waiting very uncomfort able by not putting liorself at her ease inV travelling. For hour after hour she will sit bolt upright without taking off her bonnet, and of course whoever attends her must do the same. ' We were not allowed to lounge about when we were children,' die says, ' for fear of making ourselves untidy, and I cannot give up the old habits.' Tlie; Empress Elizabeth of Austria keeps extra ordinarily early hours. When she was at Aix-les-. Bains she insisted on taking her hath at 3.30 in the morning, and the Bath authorities had to keep a double set of attendants in consequence. Several members of our Boyal family suffer from nervousness. The Duke of York was a victim when his* high position first came to him, but he is gradually recovering. His sister, the Duchess of Fife, however, is not sufficiently often forced into prominence for a cure to have been effected, and Princess Maud has dubbed her ' your Royal Shy ness.'v^ ? ? . . ? 