A Terrible Secret; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHERON. 0 By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING- l&atkor; at "A Woman's JHfnd," A Wonderful Woman," " W«d, Yet No Wife. fa., fa I HAPTER XLIII. — (Cont inued). I Yes, it is Edith, with tears large and | thick in her eyes, who kisses the fami liar face, and who is sitting beside her— how Mrs Ftuart never knows in her amaze and bewilderment— in the humble little room. How changed it all is from the splen dour of that other house in Fifth Ave- i nue. How different this dingy black al- | paca dress and rusty widow's cap from I the heavy silk and French millinery of other days. But Aunt Chatty's good, easy, kindly face is the same. A hundred questions are asked and an swered. Edith tells her how long she had been j in New York, of how, only an hour ago, j she chanced upon Charley, and found j out their whereabouts; and how, if Aunt I Chatty pleases, she is going to take off I heT bonnet and wait until Beatrix comes 'hor/ift. 'N, "Of" course you will wait! Take off Tyour fhihgp pt once! Dear me! And is it ..really oUr JCdlth? Won't Trix be sur prised .and ''glkd. It isn't much of a , -placfc/.'thls,"' says Mrs Stuart, glancing about her ruefully; "not what you are used to, my dear; but such as it is " An impetuous kiss from Edith closes her lips. "Oh, hush!" she says. "You are in It, and glad to see me. I ask no more." "And you are a widow, too, child." Sirs Stuart sighs, touching her black dress, compassionately." It is very hard — so very young, and only one short year his wife. Captain Hammond told us; he writes to Trix, you know. Poor Sir Vic tor! So nice as he was, and that good, pleasant Lady Helena! We were all sorry. And you, my dear — how have you been?" - "Perfectly well," answers Edith. But she will not talk of herself. Aunt Chatty must tell her all about their troubles. And Aunt Chatty tells her plaintively, only too glad to pour her sorrows into sympathetic ears. "It was very hard at first, dreadfully hard. Poor Mr Stuart died ; It was too much for him. Everything was sold — everything; we were left beggars. Work was hard to be got. Then I fell 111. Char ley was almost in despair; he grew thin and hollow-eyed, the very ghost of him self. All their old friends seemed to drop off; and, only Providence sent Nel lie Seton, they might all have died or gone to the almshouse." Nellie Seton?" inquired Edith. "Who Is she? What did she do?" "She did everything. She was a school friend of Trix's, in reduced cir cumstances like ourselves, who came to our succor like an angel In human form. She got Trix a situation In a fancy store; she nursed me, and kept me alive on wine and jellies when I could touch no thing else; she cheered up Charley, and kept him from dying of despair. To Nellie Seton, under Heaven, they owed it that they were alive at all." "She is a young lady — this good Miss Seton?" Edith asked, with a sharp con traction of the heart. "Yes, about Trixy's age, and wonder fully clever. She writes poetry and gets paid for it, and the prettiest stories for the magazines, and is quite rich. She is one of the family now almost. Very likely she will be home presently with Charley and Trix— they're always toge ther. And now, if you will excuse me, Edith, I'll go and get tea." She hustles away, and Edith sits in the little parlor alone. And she feels, with a heart like a stone, that what she has lost for ever this brave, good Nellie Seton had won. Well, she deserves it. She will try to like her, Edith thinks; but somehow at the thought her heart revolts. The old feeling for Airs Featherbrain, for Lady Gwendoline, tries to come back in spite of her for this unseen Miss Seton. She is an altered woman, a better woman, a more unselfish woman.but the old leaven of iniquity is not dead yet. The moments drag on; it is drawing near seven. IIow will Trix receive her, she wonders. Will she be generous and forget the past? or will she make her feel It, as her brother has done? Seven! Mrs Stuart has set the table. How odd it seems to see Aunt Chatty working. The tea Is sending Its fra grance througli the little rooms, the but tered toast Is made, the cake is cut, the pink ham Is sliced — everything looks nice and inviting. Suddenly there is the sound of foot steps on the stairs, of girls' gay voices and sweet laughter. Then the door flies open, and Trixy's well-remembered voice Is animatedly exclaiming: "Ma, is tea ready? I am famished, and so is NelL What! Got the table set In the parlor in state? Goodness!" Edith rises, white as the dainty Marie Stuart's widow's cap she wears — still and beautiful she stands. She sees Trixy's tall figure, a smaller, lighter young lady beside her, and Char ley standing behind both. Half a mi- nute later, and Trix sweeps in. sees the motionless figure, and recoils with a shriek. "Trixy!" Edith advances with the word, that is almost a sob, and Trixy's face grows ra diant. "It is, it is, it is," she screams, and rushes forward and catches Edith in a perfect bear's hug, laughing, crying, kissing all in a breath. CHAPTER XLIV.— SAYING GOOD BYE. No coldness about the welcome here, no ungracious remembrance of the past, no need ever to doubt Trixy's warm hearted and generous, forgiving, impul sive nature. All Edith's shortcomings long ago forgotten and forgiven. It is in Edith's way to inspire ardent love. Trlxy loves her as dearly, as warmly, as she has ever done. She hugs, she kisses, she exclaims at the sight of her, in a perfect, ra.nture of joy : "Oh, darling, now good it is to see you again! What a surprise it is! Charley, where are you? Look here, don't you know Edith?" "Most undoubtedly I know Edith," Charley answered, advancing. "Old age may have impaired my faculties, hut still I recognise a familiar face when I see it. I told her I thought you would be glad to see her; but I didn't tell her you intended to eat her alive." "You told her ! Where? When?" "In the store this afternoon. She came in by chance for — black Lyons velvet, wasn't it, Lady Catheron? You didn't get it, by the way. Permit me to in form you, in my professional capacity, that we have a very elegant and chaste i assortment of the article always in stock. Trix, where are your manners? Here's Nellie hovering aloof in the back ground, waiting to be introduced. Allow me to be master of the ceremonies. Lady Catheron — Miss Nellie Seton." j Both young ladies bowed — both looked each other full in the face; genuine ad miration in Aliss Seton's; keen, jealous scrutiny in Lady Catheron's. She saw a girl of two or three and twenty, under sized and rather plump, with a face which in point of beauty would not for one instant compare with her own, or Trixy's either, for that matter. But it ' was such a thoroughly good face, and the blue, beaming eyes, the soft-cut, j smiling- mouth, gentle and strong, and sweet, were surely made to win all hearts at. first sight. Not a beauty- something infinitely better, and as a rival something infinitely more dan gerous. I "Lady Catheron's name is familiar to | me as a household word," Aliss Seton said, with a frank little laugh that sub- 1 dued Edith at once. "Trix wakes with ' your name on her lips, I believe, and goes to sleep murmuring it at night. ' Lady Catheron does not know how mad ly jealous I've been of her before now." Edith turns once more to Trix— faith ful, friendly, loyal Trix — and stretches forth both hands with a swift, graceful impulse, tears standing large and bright in her eyes. "My own dear Trix!" Is what she says. "Now I'll run away!" Aliss Seton ex claims, brightly. "Auntie will expect me, and I know that Trix lias ten thous and things to tell and to hear. No, Trixy, not a word. Charley, what are you doing with your hat ? Put It down instantly. I don't want you. I had very much rather go home alone." "les, it's likely I'll let you. There is no earthly reason why you shouldn't stay; but if, with your usual obstinacy and strongmindednoss, you insist upon going " "I do insist, and upon going without an escort. You know you are rather a nuisance, in the way, than otherwise. Oh, I meant it! I get home twice as fast when I go by myself." He looks at her. Edith turns sick as she sees the look. He says something in too low a tone for the rest to hear. Aliss Seton laughs, but her color rises, and she objects no more. Edith sees It all. A grey-kidded hand is extended to her. "Good-night, Lady Catheron," Miss Seton s bright, pleasant voice says, and Lady Catheron takes It, feeling in her heart that for once she cannot dislike a rival. This girl who will be Charley's wife— oh, blissful fate !— is worthy of him. They go together, laughing as they go. "Isn't she just the dearest darling!" cries Trix, In her gushing way. " And, oh, Edith, whatever would have become of us all without her? I shudder to think. In the dark days of our life, when friends were few and far between, she was our friend, our savior. She nursed mamma from the very jaws of death, she got me my work In the fancy store, and I believe — she won't own It — but I do believe she saved Charley's life." "Saved his life?" Edith falters. "It was such an awful time," Trix savs, in sombre tunes, and shuddering slightly. "We were starving, Edith — literally starving. Ail our friends had forsaken us, work we could not get, to beg we were ashamed. If you had seen Charley in those days — gaunt, hollow- eyed, haggard, wretched. He looks and feels all right now," goes on Trix, brigh tening up a bit "but then it used to break my heart to look at him. He tried for work from morn ing till night, and day after day lie came home foot-sore, weary, and despairing. He could not leave mother and me and go elsewhere. She was ill, father was dead — poor pa ! — and I was just crazy, or near it. One dark, dreadful night he went out and down to the river, and Nellie fol lowed him and found him there. All, Edith, he wasn't so much to blame. I suppose he was mad that night. She came up to him and put her arms round him as he stood in the darkness and the rain, and I don't knew what .she said or did, but she brought him back to us, and Providence sent him work next day— tiie situation in the store he has now. I don't know about his merits as a salesman," said Trlxy, laughing through her tears; "but he's immensely popular with the ladies. Nellie says it isn't his eloquence. Where the other young men expatiate fluently on the merits of ribbons, and gloves, and laces, shawls and textures, Charley stands silent and lets tliem talk, and smiles, and looks handsome. I suppose it answers, for they seem to like hiin. So now, you see, we get on splendidly, and I've forgotten that we were ever rich, and wore purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day." "You are happy?" Edith asks, with wonder and envy in her eyes. "Perfectly happy," Trix replies, cheer ily. "I haven't a wish unsatisfied — oh, well, now that you've come- I did want you, Dithy; it seems such ages and ages since we met, and I was troubled about you. I heard of lilni, you know, poor fellow." She touches timidly Edith's widow's weeds. Tiiere is no answer — Edith's tears are falling. She is contrasting her own cowardice with Trixy's cour age — her own hardness with Trixy's generosity. "How did you know?" she asks, at length. " Captain Hammond — you remember Angus Hammond, I suppose?" Trix says, blushing and hesitating. "He wrote to us about it, and " A pause. "Go on! What else did he say?" "That there was a trouble of some sort — separation. I think that you had part ed on your very wedding day. Of course, we couldn't believe that." "It is quite true," was the low reply. Trixy's eyes opened. "True! Oh, Dithy, on your wedding- day?" "On our wedding-day," Edith answer ed, steadily, "to meet no more until we met at his death-bed- Some day, Trix dear, I will tell you how it was — not now. Two years have passed, but even yet I don't care to think of it. Only this: he was not to blame — he was tile bravest, the noblest, the best of men — ten thousand times too good for me. I was a mercenary, ambitious wretch, and I received my Just reward. We parted at the last friends, thank Hea ven; but I can never forgive myself— never!" There was a pause — an uncomfort able one for Trix. "How long is it since you came to New York?" she asked, at length. Edith told her — told her how she had been wandering over the world since her husband's death; how she had come to America to 'see her father; how she had tried to find them— the .Stuarts — here in New York; how signally, she had failed; and how to-day; by purest acci dent, she had come upon Cltarley in the Broadway - drapery' establishment. "How astonished he must'have been!" his sister said. "I think I see htm lift ing his eyebrows up 'to the middle of his forehead. Did lie take you for a ghost?" "By no means, and he was noL in the least surprised. He knew, it seems, that I was here from the first." "Edith !" "He told me so. He saw my arrival in the newspapers when I first landed." "And he never told me, and he never went to see you! The wretch!" cried Trix. "I don't know that he is to blame," Edith responded, quietly. "I deserved no better. And, ah, Trixy, not many in this world are as generous as you. So you are perfectly happy, darling! I wonder if Captain Hammond, now, has anything to do with it?" "Well, yes," , Trix admits, blushing again. "I may as well tell you we are to be married at Christmas." "Trix! Married!" "Yes, married at last. We were en gaged before I left England, three years ago. He wanted to marry me then, foolish fellow," says Trix, with shining eyes; "but, of course, none of us would listen to so preposterous a thing. He had only his pay, and his debts, and his expectations from a fairy godmother or grandmother, who wouldn't die; but she died last mall. I mean last mail brought a black-bordered letter, saying that she was dead, and hod left Angus everything. He 1b going to sell out of the army, and will be here by Christmas, and— and the wedding is to take place the very week he arrives. And, oh, Edith, he's Just the dearest fellow, and I'm the happiest girl in all New York!" Edith says nothing. She takes Trix, who Is crying, suddenly in her arms and kisses her. Angus Hammond has been faithful in the hour when 6he lias deserv ed them— that Is her thought. Her self- reproach never ceases — never for ona hour. "We go to Scotland, of course," said Trix, wit)ing her eyes, "and ma, also, oi( course, stays vritli Charley. Nellie will be here to fill my place. Don't you think she will make a charming sister.?" She lauglis as el e asks the question — it Is the one little revenge she takes. Be fore Edith can reply, she runs on i "Nellie's rich— rich, I mean, as com pared to us— and she ha6 made it all her self. She's awfully clever, and writes for magazines and papers and things, and earns oceans of money— oceans," says Trix, opening her eyes to the size of saucers; "and I don't know really, which one of us ma likes best— Nellie or me. That's my one comfort in going. Here comes Charley now — let's have tea1 at once. I forgot all about it; but no body has the faintest idea of the pangs of hunger I am enduring." Charley sauntered in, looking fresh' and handsome from the night air. It was quite dark now. Trix lit tiie lamp, and bustled about, helping to get tea. "You told Nellie ?" she asked her brother, In a. low tone; but Edith caught the words. "Yes," Charley answered, gravely; "I told her." "What did she say ?" j "Everything that was like Nellie-, everything that was bright, and brave, and good. She will be here in the morn ing to say good-bye. Now. Airs Stuart, if you have any compassion on a fam ished only son, hurry up and let's liavo tea." They sat down round the little table, where the lamp shone brightly, Edith.1 feeling cold and strange, and out of place. Trlxy and Aunt Chatty might and .did forgive the past; but she her self could not, and between her and Charley lay a gulf, to be spanned over on earth no more. And yet how beau tiful and stately she looked In her little white widow's cap, her sombre dress and the frill of white crape at 1110" throait. "Edith," Trix said, involuntarily, "how handsome you have grown were always pretty, but now— I don't mean to flatter— you are splendid! It can't be that black becomes you, and! yet Charley, don't you see it ?i Hasn't Edith grown lovely ?" "Trix!" Edith cried, and over her pals' cheeks there rose a flush, and into her dark, brilliant eyes there came a lighl that made her for the moment all thai Trix said. Charley looked at her across the table, the cool, clear grey eyes perfectly ui- dazzled. \ "I used to think it impossible for Editljl to improve. I find out my mistake to day, as I find out many others. As it Is not permitted to one to say what ona thinks on these subjects, one had bet ter say nothing at all." ; The flush that had risen to Edith's cheek remains there, and deepens. After tea, at Trixy's urgent request, she sits down to the little hired piano, and sings some of the old songs. "Your very voice has Improved," Trix: says, admiringly. "Edith, sing 'Charley, he's my darling,' for Charlie. It used! to be a favorite of his." She gives him a malicious sidelong glance. Charley, lying back in his mo ther's comfortable, cushioned locking chair, takes it calmly. "It used to be, but it has ceased to be," he answers, coolly. "Trix, go out like a good child, and get me the even- - ing paper. Among my other staid; middle-aged habits, Lady Catheron, is that of reading the 'Herald' every, evening religiously after tea." Never Edith any more, always Lady Catheron. Never the girl he loved three years ago, whom he had said he would love all his life, but the richly- dowered widow of Sir Victor Catheron. He will not generously forget, even for one Instant, the difference between his position and her — a lady of rank and _ riches. She rises to go — it is growing almost more than she can bear. Trix presses her to stay longer, but in vain — he never, utters a word. (To be continued.) . 