CHAPTER VI.— CLELIA VINE. Conrad put off his return to London— he did not perhaps quite know why. Possibly the principal reason was that the Morefields interested him, and he was, all unconsciously, anxious to be in terested in something as well as his 111- Hftfrd ring*. They did not, however, ap- pear at the table d'hote any more. They had evidently arranged their sitting room to their satisfaction, and they pre ferred to dine in their own apartment. He missed them —and was almost sorry he had not kept to his original purpose and left for London. But he received a civil little note, asking him to have luncheon with them the next day—and to dine -with them and some English friends on the day but one after. Then he changed his mind and was glad he had not 'gone back to London. Gertrude Morefleld Interested and amused him. She did not seem a love able creature, he thought—loveable, that Is, In the young man's sense—and in any case, of course, he said to himself, he could never care for any woman again. But he was amused and piqued by her aibsurd little theories about life, and he admired her devotion to her mother. The devotion had to be divined. It was not made manifest In any patent way. The girl seemed to have few opinions in common with her mother. She sometimes even spoke to her mother in a tone that was at least half-snubbing. She did not seem to Jim to be altogether a good-tempered girl ; but she was evi dently devoted to her mother; and was ■willing to pass the greater part of her life in foreign health-resorts because she thought It might do her mother good. Of course, Jim knew v«ry well that there were numbers of good English girls who would do Just the same thing for the same purpose. But he was not quite certain whether there fvere so many good English girls who would do quite the same thing without trying to make some little capital out of it in the way of a reputation for self-sacrifice On the day after the luncheon party, Conrad took the two women to see some picture galleries and other sights. He was amused with the comments of Ger trude on some of the pictures. She found the same fault with them for the most part that she found with fiction. " Where is truth 7" she asked -with asperity as they stood before a famous picture in the Luxembourg. "There are no women with such perfect figures as that," she proclaimed, dogmatically and almost angrily. "No ?" asked Conrad gently. " But even so, is not that only another reason for giving us a glimpse of the ideal 7" " Give me the truth," she said,* in exorably. " Is ugliness truth 7" " I don't care—if it is, give it to us, and let us know from the first what we have to put up with." " Then do you think we are all ugly 7" "Oh, yes, most of us." " Gertrude, my love!" her mother gently interjected. " No, pray, Mrs. Morefleld—let us have this out. Am I ugly ?" "Well, I think all men are more or less ugly—but then ugliness does not matter in a man." " Well, I certainly don't think you are ugly—but I don't mean to enlarge on that particular illustration " " No—don't," she said, with puckered eyefbrows, and looking, Conrad thought, amazingly and cruelly pretty. ' " But don't you think any -woman beautiful ?" " Oh—yes—her face perhaps—or her eyes—or her figure—but there isn't any perfection, and the painters and the eoulptors have no right to try to take us in." " I see. So when you form your re public, the painters and sculptors will be kept out of it, along with the novelists, and the poets, and the patriots ?" " Yes, certainly ; unless they learn to paint and chisel on the right principles." " Quite so ; and the right principles— what are they ?" " My principles, of course," the young lady said, composedly. " Nothing could be settled better," Conrad replied, with humorous deference. She appeared to him to be perfectly serious. He was greatly amused, and not fll ploased, when Gertrude, on their parting1 for the day, gave him a very friendly pressure of the hand, and told him that when he found the hotel at all dull, she and her mother would be glad if he -would pay them a vlßlt at their rooms In the evening. He found the hotel very dull, And he paid them a visit in their rooms. Then tl.e evening came for the dinner party. He, poor youth, not yet re covered from a hopeless disappointment which was to blight his whole life, dressed himself nevertheless with exceed ing care. He- was amazingly particular about his shirt-front, his necktie, his. silk took*, his shoes, and all the rest of his gear. Man's broken heart not un commonly prefers to be covered by a very white smooth and stiff phirt-front. Yet it is certain that Conrad did not re cognise in himself the faintest sugges tion of any sentimental feeling towards Mifcs Morefleld. But he was lonely, and she was pretty and very peculiar and In teresting, and she was a young woman, and he was a young man ; and she had made Paris become suddenly interesting to him, who had no longer any Interest in anything. Nothing could be better arranged than the little dinner party in Mrs. Morefleld's rooms. The dining-room was small, but It was daintily fitted up, and looked, with its flowers and its fronds, like a dining-room in some graceful home, and not at all like a dining-room in a big hotel. The table was round, and brought the guests pleasantly together. In the drawing-room Jim had been pre sented to the lady he was to take in to dinner. She was a handsome and tall young Englishwoman —the company were all English apparently — Lady Diana Congreve, the wife of the Hon. Henry Congreve, a handsome young soldier, who was the younger son of the IDarl of WychfleW. Lady Diana was undoubtedly younger than Jim, but by virtue of her being & married woman, even though but lately married, she gave herself airs, and in a moment impressed him with the convic tion that she considered herself infinitely more aged and authoritative than he could possibly be. He was a liula 'ate in arriving ; he had been to his usual pilgrimage to the Boi3 de Boulogne, and he had hardly time to see anyone except his hostess, and her daughter, and Lady Diana, and conducted her from the drawing-room at the front of the floor to the dining-room at the hack. " Do you know the people here ?" she asked, as she went alon# beside him. " I don't think so—at least I haven't had time to see anybody—except you and, of course, the Moreflelds." "So of the company generally, you have only seen me ?" " Yes ; and I don't know that I want to see anybody else." " Oh, come, that is very crude as_a compliment. In my time boys were rot allowed to pay compliments. Now, where are we, I wonder ? My sight is short, I can't read the names on these cards." " I can read them—" " You can read already ! Precocious boy !" Conrad had hardly seated himself at the dinner-table when, happening to glance all unconsciously down his right hand side, he became aware of the photo graphed glfl turned back into an origi nal. Yes, that was the original of the photograph—about that there could be no mistake. She was dressed very quietly In a black silk evening gown, which set off the whiteness of her shoulders and her arms. But what Conrad noticed especially was the exquisite . moulding of her pale face and the brightness of her deep, dark blue eyes. To him Just then they looked under the lamp-light almost black —that is, as far as eyes ever can be really (black. Afterwards he came to know that they were only a very deep gray, back-grounded with blue. Something made the girl look up and look in his direction, and their eyes met for a moment. " I should like to have fihat woman for a friend," Jim Conrad thought, with a sudden thrill at his heart. He pulled himself together, and rattled away in talk with his dinner talble part ner ; but he did not always quite know what she was saying to him, or wthat he was saying to her. Still, they managed to get on somehow, and he could flatter himself that he had con trived to occupy her attention fairly weH, all things considered. "Can you tell me who that girl is on the other side of the table ?'.' Lady Diana suddenly asked, "there"—and she nodded her chin—" the pale girl in black, I mean." "Yes, I think I know who she is, for I was shown a photograph of her. Lady Morefield showed It to me the other day. She is a friend of the Morefleld-s—l don't know anything more about her than that. I don't know her name." " Don't you think she is a very re markable looking girl ?" " Very; indeed, I think she is very handsome." " Handsome 1 Well, no, I would not say handsome, but remarkable —de- cidedly remarkable. She seems to me the sort of woman who must have a story behind her. Don't you think so ?" " Oh, yes, I certainly think «o," Jim said, abstractedly. " Evidently you are not much taken with her —you discuss her in that casual sort of way. Now if I were a man, I think I should be greatly taken with her." " Indeed," Jim «atd, not knowing in t.he loast what be waa saying, " I wonder why you should think so." "Think what? Think that you are not taken with her or that I should be 4f I were a man ?" " I b?g your pardon," poor Jim said, vaguely. " I do believe you have not been lis tening to a sing-Is word I wa« saylnar! Now I withdraw all my former opinions, and I am coming fast to the conclusion that the girl in black has bewitched you." " But I never saw her before —and I have never spoken to her." " W'?ll," Lady Diana said, compla cently, "if I know anything of young men you will see her to-night in ti»e drawing-room, and you wIM speak to her, and you will remem/ber the night because of her. Well, look h-are, will you come to me after you have talked to her, and tell me What you think of her ?" " I dare say she is a very commonplace sort of woman." Jim endeavoured to be very cool and indifferent. " Tou don't think it a bit," said Lady Diana. The English fashion of the dinner table was not followed. The iaddes and gentlemen had coffee together and cigar ettes—for those who would smoke them. Lady Diana enjoyed a cig-airette, and carwl not who knew it. " Hal and I smoke, and drink together," she said, nodding at her handsome husband. " But you can't loin me with a cigar," Hal said, "and you are Hot equal to a brandy and soda." "If men may «moke women may smoke," Gertruda asserted. " Certainly," Mr. Oongrerve admitted, "and if men drink a whisky and seltzer, a woman has a 'right to drink two—l don't mean to drink also—l mean to drink two whiskies and two seltzers—or perhaps two whiskies and one seltzer." " You don't take woman seriously," Gertrud-e said sternly. "He doesn't take me seriously," Lady Diana sahl with a smile. " You don't take yourself seriously, dear." " Why should I ? I can get more fun out of life by not taking anything seriously—even myself." The girl whose photograph J!m had seen took no part In the general con versation. She tplked In a low tone with Mrs. Morefiold, and occasionally vouchsafed a remark to the man who had taken her In to dinner—whom Jim after- wards discovered to be a fashionable London physician who had obtained re cent renown by the promulgation of the doctrine that all diseases came from the use of salt, and could be cured by a liberal imbibing of hot water in which iron nails had been soaked. The company at last wandered off to the drawing-room. There Conrad promptly forsook Lady Diana, although when she seated herself on a sofa she made a motion with her skirts as if to afford a »i>ace for him. He at once made for MJss Moreneld. " I have recognised the original of the photograph," he whispered ; he had grown wonderfully confidential with her of late. "Of course you have. Well—isn't she striking—don't you think her very hand some ?" " Really I do, and I know you are not the sort of a girl who wants to hear her pretty friends disparaged." " Oh, no, indeed —I want to hear my friends praised. But you must not call her pretty—l can't have that." " No, she is much more than pretty she is quite different from anything pretty—l can imagine people thinking her not beautiful, because she is too much out of the common pattern —the pattern of the commonplace handsome English woman whom Nature reels off by the dozen." " Tou must not speak contemptuously of any women," Miss Morefield said, with puckering eyebrows. " And it ought not to matter whether a woman is handsome or ugly " "Oh, but it does though," Jim fer vently interjected. " An ugly woman has her place in the scheme of the universe he well as a pretty one." "I suppose so—but I don't work the ccheme of the universe, and so the ugly women don't concern me." " I am very glad you don't work the scheme of the universe, for you would certainly work it very badly, and after the fashion of a very silly young man. You must be awfully young." "Older than you anyhow." "But a woman is always much older than a man in proportion to years—and it makes me feel that you are so ridicu lously young when you talk as if there was nothing in the world to be thought of but a woman's pretty face. It makes me angry to hear men pra'e like that." " But you yourself called my attention to the face of your frieni, and you were angry when I carelessly spoke of It as pretty, because you did not think the word was half good enough." "What has that got to do with the question ? I say that she is handsome, and I want to have justice done to her ; but I do not love her merely because she is handsome. Never mind, we won't argue about her, or about woman's beauty, and whether it ought to be the only thing thought of when we are mak ing our estimate of woman.'s place in life. Don't you want to be introduced to my friend.— Miss Vine—Clelia Vine ?" "Of course I do. What a pretty classical name, delta ! [am most an- ' xious to make \\\er acquaintance." " Acquaintance ? I don't think she is a girl who much cares about multiplying acquaintances. If she does not soon take to you as a friend she will contrive to let you know." " And then," Conrad Rdked, in affected dismay, " what shall T do ?■' " Pall back on me," Miss Morefleld promptly answered, with a saucy, kindly smile. " Ah, then I a:n all right, happen what will," Conrad said, and the good humoured little lady brought him up and presented him to her friend. Some man wa* talking to Miss Vine, but he politely gave way when Conrad waa brought up by the daughter of the hostessl, and Jim settled himself down In the chair beside the girl with the deep, dark eyes. She gave him a sweet and gracious welcome —frank, unconcerned, almost common place in its frankness. Jim had ex • ported something more in the style of the tragic muse. " I am very glad to meet you, Mr. Con rad. I have heard a great deal about you. to-day from Mrs. Morefield, and from Gertrude. Gertrude Moiefield is my dearest friend." " Yes ; and I have heard about you, and I have studied your photograph, and I recognised you the moment I saw you at the dinner table." " The photograph is a, very good like ness," the girl quietly said. "It was done specially for Gertrude. Tarn very fend of her, although we don't always quite agree in our views of things." " What are your views of things ?" " Oh, well, perhaps It Is there that the difference comes in. I can't say that I have any particular view of things and she has, and she thinks that all women ought to have. I haven't read as much as she has, and I don't know enough to form any opinions worth the forming, and I am Afraid she thinks me a little egotis tical." " Egotistical ? That certainly waa not the opinion of you which she expressed to me." " Oh, no, I dare say not. I know she thinks very highly of me, and she cer tainly would not give me away to a stranger ; and, Indeed, all her geese are Bwans, as I have often told her. But Just because she likes me, she thinks I ought to take a deeper interest in human affairs." " She is an enthusiast about human affairs," Conrad said. " She Is—'but it is curious—she is a downright enthusiast about her mother and about her friends, and she can discuss the problems of life with the composure of an ancient philosopher. She puzzles me sometimes, hut I love her always. Ido hope she will be happy." " Why should she not be ? Some man will make her happy." Miss Vine smiled. "I'm sure Gertrude would flay, if ahe heard you : ' How like a man to say that.' "' l " To Bay what ?" " To say that some man will make h«r happy." ' - " But surely a man is ordained, one might say, to make a woman happy." '■' A. man is ordained, perhaps, to make a woman unhappy." 3he spoke those words with a sudden expression of earnestness and of conviction. Then, as if she felt she had been showing too much of earnestness and conviction, she at once relapsed into her ordinary toi.e of -voice. " You have not known Gertrude More field long ?" ' ■ . •' No ; only met her and har- mother quite lately. But we have some close friends in common—l like them very much, the mother and daughter." "In my mind," she said, "their exist ence raises the average of humanity ; I only hope that child will be happy." " Well, she professes that she will be able to keep free from one of the great troubles of humanity." " What is that ?" " Oh, come, now, falling In love, 'of course." " Has she been telling that to you ?" " Yes, as a matter of casual talk ; not as any matter of confidence." "What did she tell you ?" " She told me that she never had been ■ In love." .. "Oh ! that " and the girl made'an impatient movement with her shoulders. : "Yes, that ; but ahe also said that she never meant to fall In love. Of course, I know that lots of girls say that." "She Isn't like lots of girls ; and I ■ am sure she meant it when she said it. . but I know well that there is a loving heart under all that philosophic exterior, and I am afraid about her, and I want her to be very happy." "And you think she can't be if she falls in love ?" " Oh, no ; I did not say that. But she Is a girl likely to be disappointed if she does not meet with the right man. You know that her mother la in very delicate health ?" " Yes, I know that." " She only keeps alive -by going about to warm climates in the winter, and I don't think she knows how much danger she is in. But Gertrude knows it ; one of her troubles Is to keep in perpetually good spirits so that her mother may not think that ahe Is alarmed. Of course, if anything were to happen to her mother, and the. right man had not come " she stopped. : :. "Well then ?" " Then I suppose Gertrude and I would give up civilisation together, and start off in companionship for some wilder- ness." " Come, I hope than won't happen:" " I think it would please me well. Not the dealh of my dear friend Mrs. More fleld—Heaven forbid !—but to go away from civilisation wltih Gertrude, and live our own lives, and not think about the world any more. But I suppose It would not suit her," she added, with a half suppressed sigh. " That is another rea son why I wish she could find that right man and fall In love with him, or at last .lei 'him fall In love with her." " I am sure such a life would not suit you in the least," Jim said, earnestly. " You do not know me ; you know no thing about me." " I hope to know you," he said, gently. " I hope you will allow me to know you." " Oh, ye 3, surely. Any friend of the Moreflelds Is already 'by right of friend ship n friend of mine. You know I am staying with them, and shall be travel ling with them. You will see me if you come to sse them, and of courge you ■will do that," " Yes, of course, I shall <io that." The company was evidently on the break up. One or two guests had already gone. Jim felt a strong anxiety to got ■ a touch of his new friend's hand before leaving. His proper course was doubt less to cay good-night to his hostess first. and then to her daughter, and then to get out of the room with a general, all-round bow. But he felt that he could never get back to Miss Vine once he had taken fare well of the Morefleld women, and he was rendered desperate. He must touch her hand. " Good-night," he said, and he held out bis hand. She put hers into it, but ahe gave him not the faintest pressure, simply laid her hand In his and allowed him to clasp it. It felt cold to this touch. He was sorry he had taken any pains to gvt at this parting salutation. Then he found his hostess. " Don't go Just yet," she said. " You see we are under the same rocxf —you are at home. Stay a little and talk to us." Jim delightedly stayed. The outer guests. If we may call them so. took their leave. Lady Diana asked Jim to come and see her in Biarritz, if he went that way in th? season, and Jim promised that he certainly would call at her villa if he went that way, knowing full well .that he had not the slightest intention of going that way. "Now, ".said Mias. Morefleld. when the , outer world had departed, " let us draw our chairs together and talk." " What shall wo talk about ?" Jim asked, tentatively. •" Let us talk about life." Miss More field promptly answered. " But what Is life ?" Jim asked, try'ng to throw himself into the spirit cf Miss Moreneld's investigation. "That's Just what I want to find out," Miss Morefleld answered. " I think I know enough about life," Mrs. Morefield said, with a smile. " I think I am content with my experiences, and only ask that I may not have any worse. To me life is resignation." "To me life is hope," said Miss More- Held. " Doesn't somebody say," Miss Vine struck in. " that the one lesson ot life 13 renunciation—thou shaU renounce—it is Goethe, isn't it ?" " It is Goethe." Jim answered, " but we must not take It that way, wo must not take it as his own view of things. " He " puts the sentiment into the mnuta of his •world-wearied Faust." " The feeling has always appealed to me," she said. " But surely at your tin*; ol life you cannot be unhappy," Jim said, bluntly. " I am living." she replied. "Come, this talk 13 getting too gloomy," Mrs. MorefisM sal.l. ■ "We ought to have «ome ghost stories to en liven us." Conrad wished very much that the young lady who had made this cheerless answer was an outside guest as well as the others. But he wished this only because she would then have had to go away, and would have left him alone with the mother and daughter, and he could have asked them all about her and about her story, and why she seemed so depressed, and why her views of life %ere those of the world-wearied Faust before he started on his new tour of youth and emotion and of experience to be drawn from every source and every age. But the girl was. staying with the Morefiold3 in their rooms, and he had to go away without learning anything of her history. " You stay in Paris—how long ?" he asked of Mrs. Morefield, as he was taking his leave. "In Paris—how long, Gertrude ? flow . long do. we stay in Paris.,?", " Well, mamma, until it Is time for us to go somewhere el3e—where she shall still find something like, summer." " We have to follow the sun, Mr. Con rad/ Mrs. Morefield said, with a sad dened smile. " Happy you who can follow him," Conrad replied. '* I have to go back to London for the winter, and we shan't ■ get much sun there." v "I hate London,'' Miss Vine declared. " Oh, come, you are an unpatriotic young Englishwoman," Mrs. Morefield protested. " Mamma," Gertrude Interposed, "you know what I think of the abominable heresy of patriotism. Why should not Clelia like France better than England, and Paris better than London, If she feels so inclined ?" " But I am afraid I hate Paris, too," Clelia said, in a low tone. " Have you just come from liOndon ?" Conrad asked. " Yes—she has just come from Lon don," Mrs. Moreneld answered for her. Miss Vine did not answer for herself. Conrad thought he saw a glance pass . between the two girls. "Is this your first day in Paris ?" he asked, hardly knowing why he put such a nuestlon. "My flrst day In Paris ? Oh, no. I have spent years in Paris." 4 No—l nv?dnt your first day In Paris tbifl time." " She came yesterday," Mrs. Morefleld said, again answering for her. The young girl still made no answer for her self, and Jim fancied that he again saw a line of light flash from the eyes of one girl to the eyes of the other. " May I call to- morrow ?" he asked of Mrs. Morefield. " Not may, but must," Gertrude More field answered, with her winsome smJle. Jim went to his room feeling less dis consolate than he had felt at most tlmea of late. The dark-eyed girl was a puzzle to him, and he thought of her much as he sat later on in the court-yard and smoked. (To be Continued.) 