The Myamyn Church Social. (TO THE EDITOR PORTLAND GUARDIAN.) a SIR, -Your Myamyn correspondett, under date of No-v. 26, has in his report e of the Myamyn Primitive Methodist J Church social, accused the officials of that church of " leaving themselves open to grave censure, for allowing a tem perance dialogue in character to be given in the said church." Further, he asserts e that the "church is desecrated and its dignity lowered by such dialogues." Also, he adds that "the Pastor must t know that the spirit of Godliness is not promoted thereby." As my character, and that of our officials, is unquestiun ably attacked in your columns by "' Your own correspondent," I beg leave to speak for myself. To the charge of desecra tion of church, I reply that a church is desecrated when it preaches or teaches doctrines opposed to New Testament teaching ; or inculcates morals other than those inculcated by its head, our Lord Jesus Christ. Now the do-trine and moral of the dialogue in question, is that this alcohol is a poison, and total abstinence is the bnly safe path for tie drunkard to walk. The principal charac ter in it is a woman, who has beccme a drunkard. She is visited by some lady friends, who are horrified to find her so much under the influence of the poison that she becomes unconscious in their presence. At this Juncture a number of gentlemen friends arrive, who, acting upon the ladies advice, resolve to ap pear as ghosts, and, accordingly suc ceeded in causing the woman to sign the temperance pledge. As the doctrine is true, and the moral of the dialogue is good, I hold that the accusation falls to the ground. This question forces itself upon my mind Is a church desecrated when it advocates temperance in such dialogues ? or is it desecrated when bare faced gambling is carried on at church efforts, and the proceeds devoted to the liquidation of debt on sacred and conse crated edifices ? I maintain, in opposi tion to ' Your correspondent," the church when she urges the claims of temperance, does promote the spirit of Godliness. The ghosts in question gave great offence to him, because in addition to their usual dress, they wore a. little calhco, and each carried in his hand a lighted candle. If calico and candles desecrate a church. then verily a great many churches are desecrated to.day. Seriously, I maintain that this question of dress is nothing more than a'question of the modem Pharisee. And the Pharisee of to-day will still strain at the gnat of such trivial affairs, and at the same time swallow the camel of iniquity, by remaining silent when the sons and daughters of the church are taught to gamble in order to liquidate the debt on the consecrated edifice, Oh the inconsistency ! Again a magic lantern and calico screen when used in a church do not desecrate its sacred walls. Yet the modern Pharisee goes for the ghost like the bull for the proverbial red rag. As the disciples of I Christ violated the church rule, and usage of their day when they ate bread with unwashed hands and in doing so were justified by our Lord because they had broken no law of God. (MATH. XV.) So I contend that we, in this matter, through having departed from the church usage of many, yet have not broken any command of God. While to place a non-essential where an essential should be, is to be a follower of the Pharisees who judged the Redeemer to be guilty I and deserving of death, because he vio lated their rule and usage when He I opened the eyes of the blind man on the Sabbath Day. To me the distinction i between a Sunday-school hall and a I church is not tenable in these matters. These temperance diologues are being given in the former buildings throughout r England. And how can you have in a church anything more sacred that what t you have in a Sunday-school hall, viz., prayer and Bible teaching. Therefore if such a dialogue is unsuitable for the one c it is also unsuitable for the other building. t In conclusion I protest also against hav- t ing my character and that of our officials unjustly assailed in order to coerce our church- goers into contributing to the v erection of a Mechanics' Institute a s greater sum of money than they choose I to give voluntwnly.-Yours, etc., T. ROBERTS. 