HOW * DAWNY * D1E0, (Bt j. d., CooiiGASDrB;)!^ - - ' i Be'd tumped it up from Southern Cross before the railway ran. He had no otber name amongst the boya thaa 'Ourly Dan;* A little red-haired waif he was, that no one seetuel to claim. He bad no parents, so he said* and didn't know his name. 1 He'd *«towed it' on the steamer, and - fce'd 'stowed ft' cd tbe train. . , And we clubbed a bit of boodle, that he might po b&ek; again ; Bat be jreilda't face tbe back track, he was going to see it through, 'I want to see tbe country, an* Tin join'- en with you.' That's wbat he said, when Johnson, vrbo'd a kid about his age, Tried to eoax the bay to 'chuck it,' but he jumped op in a rage ; Sez be, ? I'm not a baby ; Vm no — - ?? — kid,' { I regret to use the language, but by — the young ster did). ( I'm agoin* to Ooolgardie, as I thought by this you'd known, 'N if youa coves don't want met well I'll pad it en my owq ; 'N more than that I'll bet yer. though I'm young and rousareold, That Ml not be far behind jer, when yex up amo&gat; 'tbe gold, I Ain't no bioomin' &ew; chum, though I ain't eo old asepioe, 'N yotr'fl find if I'm in trouble, I'll not rit and suck my thumb; 'tt I'm game to bet a ehilUn' I'll bt useful in the camp, So wi-t a'y sty aboat it, shall 1 stay with yons, or cramp !' ' Let him stay,' the boys all voted, acd old Johnson sez * All right. But I thiuk he'll never make it, he's so weedy and so 6ligbt ; It's an awful place for young uus, with the fever raging round. 'N I rather toinJr we'll leave him there behind us underground.' So wo took him, and the youngster tramped hfs journey with the rest. Never whimpered, though I often felt inclined to giTeltbest; When we anchored at Coolgardie, he was itching to get out. Where the mines were operating and the diggers were about ?K be grafted iike a nigger from the town out to the field, Thinking every etone he sighted quite an ounce of eold would yield. When we got out to the * Feather/ where we meant to make & stay, Dan was hunting in the ranges for formations' every day : But bis luck was only middling and lie never struck it thick, Though he ofteu got the colour, poundin' pieces with his plok. We were workin' pretty steady— doUyin* out a bit of dust. We were never very wealthy, end were never fairly bust; Ani^whlie two was in the ranges lookin.1 cut for eopte» thing good, ° ' * *-* . We kept playin' with the dolly, so*s to keep the camp Ih food. Mind, we knew the gold was near, but it takes a lot to pay# In e country where yonr tncker costs at least a crown \- a day; And s two ounce show *int nothing in that duty western hell, Tou must show yer twenty ounces, if you want to try and sell. So we pegged away in patience, persevering thieugh it all, (Which is why 'The Perseverance* ie the name we gare our haul) ; But tbe work was aggravating for the days came cp and passed ; Though the show was leotin 1 better, every day was like tbe laet. We'd a leader that was panain' very nicely, but-you eee, A leader ain't no value, Mess the gold is very free ; And the mighty big 'formation' which we thought was somewhere near, ? Carrying gold in every handful, didn't come, our hearts to cheer* All round us, too, the fellows Were a scratchiu' out the gold, And two or three had fixed it, for their mines were nicely sold ; 'N oar youngster got the needle every night when 'knock off 'came. To hear the same old story, 4 Things is pretty muoh the same,' 'K he give us all a lecture as we sat around one night, 4 It strikes me very forcible,' says be, 'you ain't doin' right : Ton keep on grubbin,' grubbuT'-are y' goin' ter sink ter hell, Why don't you chuck the dolly, /n come ont with me a spell. Well we laughed. Tbe bloomin' youngster gotas mad as mad could be, 4 1 can see,* he sayt- 4 this business is agoin' to fall on me; Tou ain't got any enterprise— a fool could sling a pick— I'll find a reef and sell it— gor blimey, pretty qofek.' Hert morning, alter breakfast, Denny started lor the rauge, And we jollied him a little, but he gave as beck our ohange ; * Tou can keep on there, ' hs scouted ; ' grnbbin( down for breed and beef, But I'm goin' to travel further— I'm goin* to find a He wasa1 1 back for * supper/ and he didn't oome that night, 'N old Johnson h* grew snxlouc, tbat the Ud waiaot ?II right : ?So.'saji he, 'I'll kespon goln, poLUrin weatward «- the range, For I think the kid's been slck ola', he's bin actia' very strange ; He said he'd 4 travel further/ and it seems to strike mt now, . That he'll, maybe, travel someday, where he won' t get hack nohow.' It «u midnight whan we heard blm cemiur slowly beck toeimp. 'Ithkilt thatwudi like Johnson, but It ala'fr Ilka JohMon'a tramp That'i what Itmyawhen I heart hloJ-rl was pretty nearly right, For he comet a etsggerin' in there, bating ghsStly In the light* ' Chased by niggers ?' * Seen a ghost, Bill ?' ' Whert'l the Hd V— «n spoke u one, But feft-dld&t; try to uawer— he was dead knocked up and dene. , *? Wh«n he'd sat there fort minute, be — 'Boy a, It's my belief ?. That It alnt to day nor yesterday the young nn ionnd that reel; He's teen pottering all along It, and for thirty feet or He's got little piles of samples— same of tAU trt sort (' N he shoifed us stuff would blind Jt\ gold in every bit o* stone, Wot the kiddy found when graftim', in the ranges on his own';; ?But where (the, Johnson? Telluiwhat'sbeoonieot 'That's'jos^wot I can't telly',' sayi the old .0 W-no \- ' manoan. Ton won't never see the youngster , any more till . Judgment 1-aj, When he said h'd ' travel farther,' he meant tnvelUn' Thattherekli's been djin.' slowly, bat he wouldn't letniknew, Till he'd found us something better thin oar little two ' ounce show. ' . %n& I think he mast have dreamt It, er an angel must have shown Dana; where to find tbe ontcrsp be prospected en fals \- own ; 4 feo of ail unlikely plaees where the yellow ttsfl could hide, The ver y most unlikely was tbe place where Danny How be died, or wbat he died of, none ef us was sure Alt tretaow the little joker kept his word to ' travel ont ' : And we sorrowed for his dyln*, with an honest kind o' grief. ?N we drank a bottle to him, when we sold the young ster's rest. - No, we didn't pat no .tombstone on the spot where I . Ossnyeleeps. ?Qes we've bnaght him beck to Rfdaey, aud we'll plant hint thenar keeps, 1 