Hamilton Flower Show. The Hamilton Chrysanthemum Show, which was held on Tuesday and Wed nesday, proved a success in every re spect, save, perhaps, the attendance, which is said to have been hardly so good ason former occasions. Considerable in terest is taken in this show, as it is gener ally recognised as the ipost important one of the district. As usual, Portland was represented, but not, so largely as on former occasions, as we only notice the name of one resident,.that of Mrs. J. R, Kees, in the prize list. Mrs. Kean has exhibited successfully at several paist shows at Hamilton, and on this occasioun also she has again carried off honors. Mrs. Kean only had three exhibits, as owing Lo her flowers suffering in transit from Portland tb Hamilton she was un able to show the exhibits she had in tended. Hcowever, her record is a very creditable one, having secured two prizes and a favorable comment for the other, namely, table ornament-Mrs. Kean i, bMiss, Murray 2; W'reath of colored chry santhemums -Miss Murray 4, Mrs. J. K. Kean 2. The.. other exhibit was a shower, hoquet.'..... As a good deal of interest is taken by Portianders in mnade-up flowers, we clip ihe fellowing frotn'he " Spectators" re pjort of the Hamiltoir'show: The disp'ay of boqutts; &c.;, was not so large as at previous ;shows, but the artistic taste displayed.4u alirost every instance "as such as to elicit the warm commendation of the judge, Mr. Cheese man. It in nriot meant that the winning exhibits were better. than some thnt have won in .he past; for they wcre not, but taking thema a whule, there was a marked improvement and no aboriio^s. Some dissatisfaction, however, -was ex pressed 'at there being no class . for amateurs only, except the ' novice division, in which only two exhibits were shown, an. it is suggested. that the com petition being so poor this should be done away with in the future, aind one for amateurs substituted. On . this occasion many who had entered declined1 to carry out their intention when they got to know they would have to try con clusions with Miss Murray, wno is facile princeps in the art, probably one of the most expert professionals in the.colony. That her skilful arrangements of floral gems were. greatly and deservedly ad mired goes without saying, indeed they constitued one of the greatest attractions, and it would indeed be a pity were she debarred from competing. This was generally admitted but many amateurs will not in future seek to try conclusions with her, knowing they have not got the ghost of a show of winning. What, therefore, is required, is a re-arrange ment of classes as desired, and we could go further than this ' by re:cmmending an increase in the value of prizes in the open or professional division, if.thereby experts like the lady we have mentioned can be induced to enter the lists and furnish those less skilful than them selves with a'useful object lesson. 