AMUSING. Bliss Goodly : "What's the matter, my poor man, you look ill." Tramp : Madam, something I haven't eaten has disagreed with ine." Judger: " Budger, have you ridden in i a horseless carriage yet ? " Budger : " No ; but I think we are patronising u cowless milk-waggon." She : " Since Bolsome took to bicycling I suppose he is ot'ton seen ou theroad ? " He : " Yes: I saw him there five times within a mile, the other day." Algy : " Now—now, Miss Giddy, suppose I should try—try to kiss you ? " Miss Giddy: "Don't think of it, Mr Gosling ; you're so agitated that I'm sure you would scream !" Bagged Haggard (at the door) : " Bluddim, inav I trouble you forsutkin' to eat " Lady of the house (threaten ingly) : " I'll call tho dog if' " Bagged Haggard (with dignity): " Thank ye, but I never oat dogs." ; "After that," remarked the young slim who had been telling au iuauo ghost story, " my mind was a blank." " That accounts for it," commented a sharp young woman, and there was an inter regnum of profound silence. "I do not see," she said, with great severity, " how it would be possible to add to the unsightlinass of bloomers." And the little wheelwoman contented her self with innocently remarking : " Per haps you are prejudiced. Did you over try them on ? " Bond ; " Do you suppose auybody will believe you when you say you nro look ing for work ? " Trotters ; "Not believe mo ! Say, boss, do you suppose I could 'a' dodged every kin' o' work fer moro'n thutty-three your, ef I hadn't b'en lukin' out for it every tarnal minute ? " Mr O'Hooliban (proprietor of the restaurant): " Miss Flanagan, take that shamrock off yer throat " Cashier : " What for ? Ain't it St. Patrick's Day, sir?" Mr O'Hooliban : "Yes, but yer head's red and tho shamrock's green, an' ye're wearin' the red above the green. Take it off 1 " She: " Did you tell Fibs of our en gagement ? " He: "Yes." She (ag grieved) : "You promised that you would say nothing about it." Ho : " It's per- j fautly safe with Fibs; no one over belioves him." " Don't you think, Harry, you could induco one or two boys to come to Sun day school?" "I could bring one," he replied. " De uddor fellers in our alley kin lick mo." Tho Minister : "My mission in life is to make men hotter." Tho Baohelor: "Indeed! I thought all ministers per formed tho marriago ceremony ! " Mother : " Are you sura that he loves you?" Daughter: "Of course I am. Can't I see how he stares at me whenever I am not looking at him." Watts : "So you don't look on young Sharpe as a coming man, don't yon ? " Potts : " I would if I was in charge of the' ponitentiary." Lady 'customer (in cliiaa shop): "Do you break those sots?" Dealer: "No, madam, Jho jmrobusor's sorvants usually Poet to editor: " I send you a poem, 'Why Do I Live?' Please answer." Editor: "Because you send your poem by mail." 