IN A LIGHTER VEIN. I A Savage Club.— The Boomerang. The Nick of Time.— Watch-stcaling. ThePoet Laureate's Lines. — 'Alf measures,' Guardian Angels.— The Flying Squadron, German Salvation. — The 'war cry' is dead. Female Definition of Leap Year. — Miss Understood. Bcceiving Tenders. — What all the big Atlantic liners -do. A Boorish Proverb.— when tho Johannes burgher's in the Wit-lander's out. ' The Piping Times of Peace.1— When the plumbers arc out of the bouse. ' Three Men in a Boat,'— Kroger, Cham berlain, Jameson. He i ' I'd like a flower in my coat when I go.' She : ''I'll put it in now. ' Teacher : ' What is a mother ?' Chorus : ' The thing what cooks our dinner.' What will Mr Chamberlain say to Presi dent Kruger when they meet! 'Give us your Band, old boy.' Fond Parent : 44 1 wiBh, Bobby, that 1 could be a little boy again.' Bobby: ' I wish voU could— li ttlcr than mc.' She (fondly) : ' Do you care for mc as much as — M He (wildly): 'Who— wbo?' She (whispering) : ' As much as ever.' Dorothy : ' Jack makis love in the most fusciuating way.' Barbara : ' Yes ; and doesn't he propose most divinely f' ' Blykins has his own way in his home.' 44 Yes. But his wife always tells bim what it is going to be beforehand.' 'Johanua, don't forget to dust the bric-a-brar.' 44 No, ma'jn ; where do you keep the duBt ?' 44 Oh, 1 sy I wot's Orange Free State mean, Billy 1' 14 Why, .where yer gets yer oranges for nuffin, sloopid 1 ' Alltung : 4'lt is reported that Miss Gadder powders dreadfully.' Whittle : 44 There is generally some report attached to powder.' He: 44 1 love you- more than myself,, darling.' She: ' That's not saying much. You arc alwajs giving yourself away.' Mrs Triwet : 44 Do -ou think the animals have a language?' Mr Trivett : 44 Well, 1 have often heard of deer stalking;' Weary Wiggins : 44 Bay, uncle, if ych'll give mc a square meal I'll go out and sleep in yer corn-field all afternoon an* scare olf the crows.' from some of the greatest houses in Ireland.' Mulcahv; 'Musha-l So he did many's the toirae— on a laddhcr.' Counsel (cross-examining) : 4* How old are you, madam 7' Witness (savagely) : 44 Forty-one, How old arc you 7 You look about ninety.' Economics. — ' My dear,' said the husband to his wife, 44 do you know you've left your purse in the gardcu 7' 44 Yes there's nothing in it.' A 44 Union '-ist! — Badical M.P. : 41 Drive me to the 'Ouse, Cabby 1 ' Cabby: 44 To the 'Oose ? Which one — Paddiogton or Marrowbone ? ' Mr llobcrt Buchanan looks upon publishers as a barnacle on the bottom of the good ship Literature. Possibly this is because publishers have to shell out lo writers. A Nosegay. — Native : 44 London is a great centre.' Stranger : 41 It is, indeed. I countcd about twenty different odors while coming nlong the street this morning.' Mifs Trill: ,4I love to hear the birds* sing.' Jack Downright (warmly) : 44 So do I. They never attempt a piece beyond their ability.' She: 'I wish you wouldn't smoke that cigarette in my presence.' He : 44 Then I'll throw it away.' She : 44 Oh, I didn't mean that.'' She : ' Do you think it would be un maidenly for a girl to propose to a man ?' He : 44 Certainly not ; if she is rich enough for two.' 44 Are you,' he inquired, 44 a 4 New Woman 1 ?' *' Well,' she answered, sharply, 44 1 don't think you or anybody else had better call me an old woman.' Miss Oldbirdie : 4'Itis so strange I Not one of the -oung men has caUcd on me slocc the 1st of January.' Ethel : 44 There's i nothing strange about it. This is Leap-year.' Smith : 44 1 say, do-.s your wife ever give you any of these vegetarian dishes?' Smyihe : 'Well, 6hc gave me beans when 1 got home at two o'clock this morning.' The Best Arbitrator for the Venezuela Question. — Mr W. G. Grace, the champion cricketer. He knows the duties of an umpire, and is sure to make 'a boundary hit.' ' Mnmma, can I invite Freddy Sanborn over to slrde down our cellar door 1 44 Won't you enjoy it as much alone?' ?'No; there arc too many splinters in it Father : 11 What is thflt soft, ecratcby noise in lhe next room, which sounds like something ripping?' Mother: 44 Oh, that is Maria learning to scratch a match on her bloomers.' Mr Sanford : 'Is the old lady who is talking to your father so earnestly your grandmother?' Freddie: 44 That's what she in.' Mr Sanford : '4On your mother's side?' Freddie Yes, every time.' Tli» Widow : ' How strange 1 The people who live near Lhe cemetery claim they are haunted by the ghosts of my three husbands.' The Friend : ' They should ask you to come and live with them.' Kicksy : ' Wife, can you tell me why I am like a ben 7' Mrs Cicksy : 'No dear! Why is it?' Kicksy: 44 Bccause I -jan 6- ldom find anything where I laid it yester day.' An Election Petition. — ,4Sir O'Hallogan's been unseated for bribery.' 44 Yes. It seems that when he was drunk once he paid back half-a-crown that he'd borrowed from one of the voters.' 4* How did you get Boriev out of your whist club— did you ask bim to resign ?' 'No, we didn't like to do that; but wc all resigned except Boriev, and then we all got together and formed a new club.' Friend : 41 What are you going to do with your Eon when he grows up 7' Father: 4iI 6ha'n't dare to do anything with him. What I am fearful about is, what is he going to do with me ?' Father-in-law: 44 1 am sorry to hear that you arc scarcely on speaking terms with your wife, James?' Sondn-law : 44 Oh, yes, I am ! We row cach other from morning till night 1 ' Mrs Wabash : 44 Mrs Finckly seems very bappv to- night.' Mrs Lakclv : 44 Yes. Site W ;„Bf linr first anA ,'c cackling over it like a pullet over her first cgp.' Caller : ,l Your baby has strong lungs, 1 notice.' Mother : 14 Yes ; the darling inherits her voice.' Caller: 44 From you?' Mother: 44 Oh, dear, no ! From her father. He's an auctioneer.' Collie : ' Why were you walking on the roof tliis morning 7' Chollic (who lias a creditor in every street): 'It's the only way that I cau get down to town safely, don'tcherknow. Mrs Parkwest : 41 Did the fish man call to-dav, Nora?'1. Nora Ncwcook : 44Yis'ui.' Mrs Parkwest: 44 Had he frogs' lcg6?' Nora Ncwcook : ' Sure, how ehould Oi tell, mm ? He had on pant6 an' a long ulster.' 14 It's a good deal of wprk to keep this tail of mine from getting twisted,' said the British lion. 44 You don't go about it in the right way,' replied the Bussian Bear. 'You ought to quit lashing it and wag it once in a while.' English Customer : ** Me good fellah, let me look at some of your English running Bhois.' Clerk : 44 You mean English walk ing* shoes, do you not 7' Customer: 44 No, mc good fellah. I want 'cm for me brother in Venezuela,' Mamma : '* Whom do you thiuk baby resembles, Ida, dear 7' Ida : 44 His dear papa, of course.' Nellie : ' Oh 1 Ida, you told auut Flo he was like Captain Nelson.' Ida : 44 No, Nellie ; I said baby's pa was like Captain Nelson.' 4- What arc you doing here ?' asked Mr Taddells to n tramp, whom he found suspiciously near his henhouse. ' Lookin' for work,' was the wanderer's reply. ' You mean looking for trouble, don't you 7' 'Well, isn't work trouble?' Mrs Wrcakhard (the landlady),— 44 How 16 it that you are taking your medicine after dinner? I thought the doctor toht you to take it before meals.' Mr Oldboardcr : 44 He said it didn't make any difference as iong as 1 took it on an empty stomach.' Wife. — 44 You saw Mrs Browner last evening?' Husband: 44 Yes; but not to speak to.' Wife : 44 What a story ! They tell me you were sitting witb her for more tliau two hours,' HuBband : 44 True but it was she who did tne talking.' 44 Mr Doppenlieimer, you won't feel me pull the tooth. The gas will make you in sensible. You won't know what's going on.' Doppcnhcirner : ' Isb dot so ? Well I dinks I come to-morrer,' Dentist ; 'But why not let mc pull it to-day?' Doppenbeimer : 44 Well, Z don' yoost know imw much monish der wash in my pocket-book,' 