THE CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. The third evening session was held last night at the Mechanics’ Institute. The Rev. J. Watsford presided. There was a crowded audience, and much enthusiasm prevailed. After hymns and devotional exercises, the Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., addressed the gathering, and said the press of Ballarat was well worthy of praise for its reports of the convention. His address, as on the previous night, dealt with the epistles of St. John, taking the words, •’ We know Him,” ’• We know that we are in Him, and when He oomes we will be like Him,” and “ We know that we are of the truth, and He abideth in us.” It was one thing, he said, for them to abide in Chrißt, and another for Christ to abide in tbem. In the 4th chapter of St. John and the fith verse, they had “ We know the Spirit.” To know the Spirit and have-H'm within was the first and second stages of Christian experience. The Holy Ghost came spontaneously, and was the ex perience of love and joy and peace. Knowing the spirit of truth also meant that they knew the spirit of error which war the devil. The devil always attacked more strongly those who were trying to attain the higher life. To live well one must aot on the defensive and offensive. In the 13th verse it said •’ We abide in bim.” The words, “We know the love of God,” were preached times out of number, and yet he believed many preachers had not a clear insight into the. thought which the words suggested. They should know more about the Fatherly character of God. They should know also that God had a real desire for His children, and in some respects God wanted the same fond love which an earthly father expected from his children. When Christ Bhowed Himself, He showed the Father. He (the speaker) did not. believe in the universal Fatherhood of God, for Jesus had said to the most culti vated and religious men of His day, “Ye are of your father the devil.” God had only oue Sou, but every believer became through Christ a child of God’s. The carnal miud was enmity against God. Mr Hudson Taylor had well 6aid, “ The believer is sin ful, but not Binning; corruptible, but not corrupt.” That was a truth definitely stated. They knew God as their Father, Jesus bb their friend, and the Holy Ghoßt aB their sanctification and power. Sin was rnmpant id all plaoes, and in China, India, aud Africa few had yet heard of the Saviour. He wanted to know how the children of thsße lands of Australia were being taught. Were they being drilled in a holy warfare against sin ! Over a thousand million people bad never heard the name of Christ, and over five hundred million soarcely knew Him. Lord Salisbury had been asked how long it would take for a proclamation of the Queen’s to be delivered in print iu every language of tho human race. He (Lord Salisbury) Baid oue year and a-half. -And he (the speaker) said, if that were true, then, why were the Christian people of the world so lax in the propagation of the Bible in other lande. What was needed wax deep enthusiasm which would say here I am, Lord—my money, my time, my life, my all. All that I have. Use me for Thy service, wheiher it be in Australia, China, India, Africa, or any other part of the world. The Rev. J. Watsford referred to Andrew Murray’s definition of the baptism of the Holy Ghost as “ a personal, continual, and Divine indwelling." This he considered a model representation of the personal nature of this great blessing. He then, for the benefit of those who required more light on how to receive this blessing, quoted three passages of Scripture—Luke xi., 13, showing that it was to them thatußked for it; Acts v., 32, was to show how to ask, “ to them that obey Him." The fulness was given to them that had the Spirit, and if He was dwelling in them obedience was certain. God’s rule was “ to him that hath, &c.;,” aod it was absolutely necessary that each one should live up to the light received. Gal. iii., 14. revealed the fact that the blessing was only to be received through faith. It was helpful to think of tile word believing as made up of three words—believing, faith, and trust. The Bible was the written tes timony of Jesus, and our having all faith in it as God’s Word must trust Him to perform that which He had spoken, even though difficulties and weaknesses were against the probability of the word being applied personally. What each one had to do to receiva the fulness of the Spirit was to stand and say in the words of Paul, "I believe God,” and it would be unto all as it was with Paul. It waß impossible to save ourselves from Bin; similarly it was impos-ible tn fill ourselveß with the Spirit; but it was simply acknowledging that He must do it, and iu faith trusting Him to do it. It wbb a sudden work. Jesus had secured this great blessing for them, and He had never lost a eoul that trusted in Him. Iu a most iniprensive exhortation the speaker finally appealed tn all who knew not the fulness of blessing to submit, obey, and receive Him. “ Oh! that the fire from Heaven might fall, Spirit of burning come." 