SCRAPS AND GLEANINGS. [BY Covts,] Matters hato becoine very iixed in connection with the Gippsland Hoe pital dispute, and so many side ques tions have been brought in that the original grievancoe is almost lost sight of. Onlookers see most of the game, and it is laughable indeed to watch the various plinase of the dispute. and listen to the fiery donunciations of Mr. So-and-So, and Dr. Such-and Such. As this acrimonious dispute must aliect the hospital financially I would suggest that the whols facts of this internecino war hbe put in the hands of a dramatic author, and when ho hasli completed hi worle, ] am sure thero would he numer ous leading amatours who would take the parts. This up to-date drama would assuredly have a long run at the Victoria Hall, and as a compensation to the poor Hospital, the proceeds oould be devoted to the funds of that worthy, but peculiarly inanaged institution. \+ Q-- .+ + If Josh Billings had written about Maffra he would doubtless have said " Maffra is famous for a great many things, principally cows." No matter where one goes the cow is predominant, and when taking a walk in the stilly watches of the night their camping places should be rigidly avoided. Of course many stories have been related over the funny experiences these useful aninmals have unwittingly provided, and the other night ano I was perambula tingaround an instance came strikingly under my notice. Without the slight est warning I was startled by a stifled scream close at hand, and I was still further startled when three damsels camne bursting upon me-all talking at once as usual-and without giving me time to collect my scattered senses they proceeded in an hystorical manner to relate a wonderful escape they had just had. It appears that they were walking soberly along and suddenly foil in with a cow. The cow did not relish this intrusion on her congenial occupation of chewing the cud and proceeded to expostulate in a way peculiarly her own. But the dauntless three deemed discretion the better part of valor and took to flight. High heels and rough ground are unsuitable for even time, and one of the three almost immediately embraced Mother Earth. Another sprained her ankle, and by the time they had again gath. ered themselves together they were almost in a state of collapse, and with linked arms for mutual protection were making their way home as quickly as possible when they fell in with the writer, and in hysterical fashion asked protection. "+ + +. + + After several years of quietness the Boisdalo ghost has been again un earthed. Perhaps with the good season it has come up with the grass. Anyway its appearance has been vouched for, although the narrator would not swear to the number of whiskies ha had imbibed. Doubtless it is the ghost of Tichborne, or l,lackfellow or whoever else tihe skeleton discocered out that way a short time back belonged to, and is now taking revenge for the insult passed it by resUrrectihg its poor old bones,. This "spook" was seen in the vicinity of Olarko's Orossing and is described to have appeared as if out of the earth and then meandered slowly about tile paddocks. The person who had tihets luck or ill-llck to see it did not follow up tire opportunity and obtain a better acquaintan'ce, but held off, and so lost the chance of achieving notoriety by " laying the ghost." If the eight described be not the imegin ings of a disordered brain, in all lilrelihood the solution may be found in the fact that the recent rain has bad an effect on some old decaying bones, and the phoplhorescent light or" will o' the wisp" resolved itself into an intangible shape as seen by the mid night wayfarer, \+ + + + *+ Politeness in any person is to be esteemed, but there are eases when one suffers through being over polite. The other day a gentleman noticed a 'rather prepossessing lady drop her handker chiet. Although she was some 50 yards orsohenad of him lie gallantly ran forward and restored the piece of cambric. She smilingly beamed on him and to his astonidhment flaunted acollection card in front of his eyes, and entreatingly asked him to donate somlething towards soioe self denial fund promoted by the Salvation Army. Hlisdisgust may be imagined at this unexpected ending to the little incident, and he now swears against all can vassers - Salvation Army ones in particular. Notwithatanding his view of the matter I am inclined to envy that collector her ready resource in an emergency. x x x x The most amusing journalistic situa tion on the face of the globe at present is (the" Statr"says) to be found at Cooktown, in the far north of Queens land. Cooktown has two papers, and they are edited by father and son. JmesFowlecr, sen., runs the lIndo pendent," and James Fowler, jun, conducts tle " Beacon." [Notwith standing the intilate relationshlip, tile two editors are at daggers drawn. They represent opposing schools of political thought, and are perpetually nagging at onch other. The last issue of tlheo Independent contains the follow ing dignilied paternal rebuke to tlhe unfilial editor of the olther paper: "The cockla-doodle-doo youth who runs the " Beacon" fancies that under empty pretentiousness Ihe can disgutiso his gross ignorance and inexperience of journalism and politics, and undor that impression heo has tho profound hoeek to lecturo and hector thoso ]iho know something about both. His vicious abuse of us will bo regarded by tho few sensible persons who road his rag ano a mre youthful exuboranco of inexperience and indiscrotion." 