I THE LADIES' PAGE. 1 SOCIETY GOSSIP. S Dbah Nellie.— f& jiu holiday season Is over onoe more, end we H ere fairly embarked on tli. yeer 1896. What it H has in >trs fr u> remaine to be Been ; but, with ®tbo exception of a few 'ihvetorate oroakera, njj everyone aeema to think that better times are H before ue,' arid that we may expect a larger » „f nrnnnerltv then has been our lot in the H year. Business is undoubtedly brisker and S the general outlook more favorable, therefore B let ns live In hope. There is one thing, lrow- 9 tvcr, wliioh tends to keep us down as a people, B and that is the national drink bill. I am toid S tbot the number of inebriates about the streets' „f jlolbourne on New Year's eve was something D appalling, and yet in tlio faos of suoh evidence B " the powors that bs " sse fit to lighten the S duty on spirits 1 I should like to see drunken- nesa severely punished by law, and stringent measures taken to stamp it out. I feel very strongly on the Babjeot, and have thought muoh 8 about it lately, with the result that if the B punishment were in my hands I think the offence would not be a frequent ono. 3 The new year was ushered in by perfect weathor, and holiday '.makers had nothing to wish for in that respect. Never before do I B remember a season when wo .were so favored as I we have been all through theBe holidays. Cup week was simply delightful, One days were pro- I vided for nil the races as well as the Govern- I meat Honse garden party, and throughout B Christmas and New Year's week we were 8 similarly privileged. T.ord Brasssy must think I we manage these things well in Victoria, for the I day of his arrival in the colony was simply I lovely, and every publio holiday since then has I been fine. By the way, our genial Governor I and Lady Braney have betaken themselves to I Tasmania in their good yacht tha Sunbeam, I after having spent Christmas at thsir country I reiidenco at Macedon. Melbourne is indssd I comparatively desertsd just now, nearly every I one having betaken themselves to seaside or I country retreats for a spell. I Last Monday nearly all the large drapery firms commenced their snramsr sales, and really there are decided bargains to be picked up in I the way of clothing. It seems very early in I the season to be dieposiug of the summer stock, I but the first week in January is now the time agreed upon by most of the drapers for their sweeping reductions, and as there is still a considerable portion of tbo season before us, the public resps I an appreciable benefit. In addition to the light I summer attire at these saios, there are always goods whioh are a safe invesment at any time, I as the whole, stock in every department is included in the reduotions. I have proved by oxpcrisuco that it is muoh cheaper to buy a ready made skirt at one of these sales for wear ing witli blouses than to make it oileself. Do you know that the skirt complete costs less than the materials in many instances 1 This is strange but true. I havo got a grievance and I must air it. It is this. The Bail way department sees fit to issue monthly tickets at very much reduced rates to the wives and daughters of gentlemen who hold periodical ticketB, that is if tho said wives and daughters are not in receipt of a cer tain ineome from their own exertions. So you see that I, who patronise the railways regularly, am debarred from suoh oouctssion because I happtu to support myself. Where is the justice of such anarrangemsnt ? I feel posi tively angry when I think of it, and than Maud gives me a dissertation on the evils of giving way to anger, and rakss up all sorts of in stances in whioh anger haB proved fatal. She ssys that the Emperor Nero died of a violent exeess of anger ngainst a senator who had offended him. Then she declares that Valen- tinian, the first Roman emperor of that name, while reproaching with groat passion the deputies from the Quadi, a pebplo of Germany, burst a blood vessel and suddenly fell lifelsse to the ground. As my reoolleotiqns of Roman history aro vague,' I am not in a position to con tradict her, and merely remark that she has been to sohool since Ihave. We got so interested in the subject of the effects of anger that Mand lent me a hook in whioh I read the following ox- tract, which I am copying out as a warning to you "I havo seen," says a French writer, " two women perish— the oue in couvuleious at the end of 6 hours, and the other suffocated In two days— from giving themselves up to a trans port of fury." It is well known that John Hunter, the great English surgeon, fell a sudden victim to a paroxysm of anger. He had a bad tompcr, and not only got angry often, but very angry indeed. During the later years of his life bo suffered from heart trouble, and " was in cunstant jeopardy from his ungovornablo temper." In fact, be once made the remark that " his life was in the bends of any rascal who ehoso to annoy and tease him." Oae day he got into an alteration with one of his - colleagues, who contra dicted him point bleak. Hunter hurried into an adjoining room, and when barely across the threshold fell quite lifeless to the Boor. . It is said that Dr. Bogdanovskl, a well-known . surgeon in St. Petersburg, died some time ago while engaged in an operation. Ho was about to amputate the arm of a patisnt, and had already begun the operation, when he was angered at the awkwardness of a student who was assisting him. Ha spoke to him sharply, and -suddenly fell fainting to the floor. He soon recovered consciousness, and was about to proceed with tho operation, when ho fell again and died in a few minutes. It Is of course a very rare occurrence for an outburst of aoger to provo fatsl, but there Is no doubt that it generally upsets tho system, and therefore should be avoided, if for that reason only. A aholeria person is nearly nlways subject to fits of dyspopsia, and tho effcot Of anger upon the appetite Is too well known to need description. No donbt yon have experienced it. The liver is very muoh affected by the state of the tompor, and tho faot is, if wo want to enjoy good .health, we should strive to follow the advico of good old Dr. Watts Children, you should never let your angry passions rise." Apropos of temper, I must say that tho itinerant musioians -of the present day are de cidedly trying to tho temper of anyone who has any feeling for harmony. W.'aro haunted by a melanoholy man who performs on a cornet in a manner which would provoko a skint. His repertoire includes suoh selections ni ICillarney, Ta-ra?ra- boom-de-ay, Kathleen Mavourneen, I Dreamt that I Dwelt in Marble Hallo and various other moreeaux familiar to us all. Each and all aro ground out with a dirge like monotony whioh rendors them nil very muoh alike, they are ell squally excruoiating and equally expressionless. . Surely the " move on clause " might be enforoed when suoh a nuisance takes ,up a position at ono's front gate and clings to it with the persistonoe of a Cassabinuoa.- My feclingi can soarooly be put into woida on these oeoasions, hut I heartily sympathiao with a fellow sufferer who writos :— Whether life's worth the living has puzzled the crowd, , For myself I had nover a doubt of it : 'Twoultl bs well worth tile living, I boldly aver, It the musical pooplo were out of It. Tho bandsmen Teutonic, tlio organ fiend vilo, n ho grind our poor norvos all to tatters ; The street preaching crow and Salvationist herd Have, amongst them, spoiled life with their clat ters. A trouserloss Scotchman in front of ray house Kept killing young pigs, or it seoraed so. Iloot awa, mon 1 " he said, whon 1 begged bim to cease, " This is music— in Scotland 'tis deemed so," A neighbor vrhop!aynthe trombone is a cures, Oh 1 bow dearly I'd like to behead olio 1 A miisicnl wife is a terrible scourge. As every man knows who has' weu one.' My musical li'onse maid's the plague of my life. When she ought to be sweeping she's squalling ; Accordion, piano and fiddlo alio pUys, And tho row that she makes is appalling. Last Sunday was a choloo day with us in point of weather. In faot it was one of the veritnble old " briakfietders " of former days, and if a few of tho regular chureh goers wero caught napping there was some excuse for them, as there was for poor MrB. Oarlyle when she de liberately took a sleep once in ehurch. This poor harassed woman, with whom bad nights waro tho rule, confessed to it without any ehow of oompuuotion in a letter, to her husband. "When the sormon began," she wrote, "I; .made myself, at tbe bottom of it (the Bullous deop pew), a sort of Persian couch out ofAbo praying oushions; laid off my bonnet unci, stretched myself out vory much at my easo jljJ seemed to have been thus just one drowsy, minute, when -a 'slight rustling sound and the words, 'Now to the Father, Son and Holy Ghost ' warned me to put on my bonnet, and made me for the first time awaie that I had been asleep.". No doubt the recording angel dropped a tear and blotted ont tbe offenae against the name of the overwrought wife of the Saga of Chelsea. — Yours over, IRIS. 