TOE MAN SHE FOUND. J When Violet Lincanl announced thatshe »as (Toiug in for literature Ibero were thoje , imL-ng us wbo scoffed. Violet m» so alirm iigly iire'-ty, one woulj never suaract twr of wssrssiiiK brains Sbe «a.i one of thesa girls irith nlliiriig facts— the sort of be»ale-ilu-diable of wh^cii Ounl» it always writiuc. eyes of most . mholy blae and lips which Cc-uld mu\s a man's | iouI .way. A fi.icm.tine minx with the m»t ' trace'ul md wnning manntrs ; a being of inuo-.s, fcnifer, rei:ell»ut, ainmy ana icy oj, [urns, fhe hail crraloi havoc and strewn devu laton^l.cn vcr her ciiinty feet hid Irbd. ' Su tiirnly -he wearie I of the i-milrss ronnd of p ietv and faiJii, n . to which from her teens I «be bad bum accustomed and tmaxed her| cotnie !.y dicUiii'g h--r intention of writing I re»ii-lic novels. .Of course everyuno said it was rorrel) - fall ami would soon blow over. But it didn't, th»t nun the astounding part of it. Hrr fiiiit novrl attrected niore than passing 1:0' ife. rho vras communilml for her original and f u;Uc!on- htyle. brr cl.ver plot and a cer U:n rii n!y U miiiino touch, --le was written about, iitei\ii)s-il ; her beanly and her talent irnei.rij.il by tliep«tagraphe» and all tha tli tajls nf her luxurious life were brandished about the countiy. From being merely a typical society girl, a'yotmz woman of elegance tnd fashion, .sin- suddenly became a somebody to be iioiaici -ut si'.il ►tired at and raved about. Thu tprsroodie adulation pleased Violet. She bad always feasteil upon Battery bnt now ahe revelli d iri it. She thnw brrself into a lire of feverish rmrtion. becVnie cjnical, d'sdainful, and thought of nothing but ber miserable annb:tion. Local .colouring came lo be an absolute mania with ler. Ere was nlwayt ' prating of 'atmosphere' and .' realism/1' One can stand a lot of ii.fi-rnal nonrense from a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often grew actually lirrsome with 'her endless rhapsodies about ?? the divinilybr reaUsm.' ' ? It nt just after publishing her second novel, a eombhutroii of injenuity and .wickedness, a smartish, brarkub story you wouldn't have liked your si-ter to write, that tbe girl decided to go to the far Wut in 'search of ' local colour 'for her nrxt attempt. '.' . . ' Yes,' the drawled with the fine lady tit of disdain she had asjumed-ince her success, ' yes, I am going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter— who knows ? Thoy tell me those Mlowrare delightfully original «nd as breezy as the winds from the Rockies.' ''?'' SLe made up Ler mind she had not been misinlormcd when a month later, ahe met Jick Weatherby. ?. , - , Weatherby waa ». child of the plains. He bad. never been east of the Mississippi and had an infinite contempt for the land of Ibe risiiij? sun. He bad hunted for a living ; he had beenJ a cowboy and nised as mucb of a rumpus, in mining camps as the next fellow. Now he owned his own lancb and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had begun to f-hinV he would like a wife and borne. * He was a handsome fellow, as fiery aa the minting he rode and .as tedder hearted as a TTomnn ' nrniw women. Bis ranch lay in tbe shadow of the Sangre do Christo range, next to tint of the Atherton's, where the New York girl waa stopping. Us acres stretched to the ahadowy foot bills and over them roamed the sleek, well-fed creatures of which ha wu so proud. ? It was two daya after htr arrival that he aaw her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Ather ton, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had come down the trail with his customary 'Hark' and ' W'hoop.' As though riding the sightl»s com iers ot the air.he dashed up to the little flower-garden, spurs and guaujb juggling, somim.ru unpning, ana: reccing oat a yell which could havo bern beard in Den ver. And there by the side of pretty Mrs. Atherton, sat a atran^tr, a vision, an angel. The astonished ranchman blanhed and atam mered like a school boy as he. bowed awkwardly and apologised for his Apache-like descent. W ho was chit, divinity in palest pink, this radi ant creatore with hair like gold and eyes like heaven's own blue ? ' My friend. Miss Lingard from New York,' Mrs Atherton said. Pshaw ! Sbe waa a celestial being straight from Para dise. I have always pitied Weatherby. Never for ooe moment could I blame him. He was a primitive man with savage instincts lurking in his breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward him self, how could be dream ot the treacherous cruel blows one little so[t white hand was capable of dealing. . ' - Violet found this 'sturdy, brawny ranchtro a delightful study, and decided that he should be too hero of her next noveL His quaint wit and poetio fancies born of the mesas of the nouu tain, his forcible and often ? ungnnimalica) j speech wu faithfully nnted ; his emotion* weru played upon, his heart was probed.' And he { never dreamed be wu being rxpuinienle-l on. He loved this exquisite rreaturo. thia dainty, soft, purring beauty, aa he loved bis lite. Ho coveted her and longed to abut her closo to nil J big, faithful, honest heai t. At last rame tbe n-eht when Viulst eirriod her paauou for ' atmosphere ' and V laical colouring ' to its dimix They haa gone for their customary owning stroll, and had climbed, up a lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At their feet yawned the canon, lrcraendou%awfuY,' ' black, aave where the moonlight tuuehied the opposite wall with ghostly flngrrs. Back ot j them loom«l tbe range like tlie battlements of . a phantom city. Through thu pinea in Ihe'nnon the wind came aighiiij tn raourutul cadence. ' While far, far below aouudeil the faint rushing of wal» r— the river tnmbliugand foiming along over ita rocky bed. : 'What a »»lr-l place,' crie.1 Violet wilb » pietty litt'e ahudilrr, 'and whtta ghost-like night. WLy did we never some up hors before, ' JackP Whatasccno!'1 ' I Weathirbv waa. lying at her' feel where ho ' had thrown1 bimiolf to rest after their climb He tvrned bis faor, nhito in the moonlight, toward her, ami . fixing his dusky, uufathom sble ryna upon her, salil 1 ' I kept thia place for this hour. I rotaut to bring you btre when I got my courage to- the point where IoouM say all that ia in my heart. Many a time down there,' pointing to tl.e ranch Ivtog below, ?? I bavn looked up here and thought of tha Una I would bring you up to tell jou bow I loro you.' For one instant Vio'el felt a queer little, thrill. The simple dignity of Us declaration ' almost, moved the' worldly, cold- blooded girl. I Then il'e thcughl of ler lota', colouring '? ' U hat a situation (or my noval,' »b« laid to j bersrlf ; then alautl gently 1 ' Bo you really lot e me, Jack?' -I ' Lova you T' he echoed pauiorutuly, aa he ! roim and sat duwn beside her, « Violet, look,' takmj her bam!, ' my heart lit* bcre In tl.U don httln Uud,' Thin throwlun allrworvo1 to tha wii,d«, to sciieil her W\ kiuotl her' n»llj, ui)--atu ?ualy ' t-h ttni|,K|ei| \a free Lerwlt and at length ?noaoilo 1 ' JK\\. dam jou f ahe demanded, 'huwdare1- | , ' How da ?« I » hu cried. '? Whj djsxtst, ! 1 lave \ou— I low yvu. dajoahear? A«d you, jou love mo a little, do you not V' He »a« approaching ber sgaln, whin sh» aild cun templuously . 'No, uotabit, Ihavoalniply burn Muilyliiifjou,' H« stood aa If turnol to Hone. ' BlaOying ' rai?,' h« «uld, in a queer toler, ' ►tud-lng— wby-whyr1 be swiftly ilemaiidwl, u ba cauahtlMtwrUtajmhjtld itlnao.iron.no, \- t -. ,,- ^ c -P 'Too were so diB-Bnt.'sh*falto:M,aal| ?'? friibtened at hie sadden ferocity. ' I wants*;*] a, I eVtype for my hrok, you know. I sajooai ^ I Tom told you I write books ? ' v:S| An absolub-ty marderoos lock awrpt Over -rz I WiatherbVyface. 'Ifo,' he aaid, '''noeoa-:- J toll me that ' ' Fo yoa write books? ' And' JO« S-I wirited t'o'piit meia it— inia that it? 'Aqiws»?;| m*, amwer me.' '' . .. . ' . , ] [$M ' Yea,' abe murmured faintly ::K I ' And that was all ! You never loved ma-. '; I never mrant to' mariry me T\ '.'- ' ' '-' . :i\ ' Why,' no. - how' could I?' X am to b» * ;| married To tbe fall to a man in. New Tdrkj-' '?':'- :1 ? A marl like t⁢ of an iufunated.beast (at»- I rnptedber. tivid within jmn^Vpnng'lowaii :'. j her^ ' Once ag^in! be erushed b'er. s£nnsipg aaS -'' *: I tremblhifVtohubr^t^uenoraigxra^her'lBtha ?', I very ^edge of the - anon? gaptngTike, tSe ^fttos- I les: pit to receive than. ' ' AnJ asher'aganissd I creams pierced the' abft' 'summer ' sigtrs, -I Weatherby. stOl holding her ag'aicithjsosV I rajed heart, stepped oft' ' ? '.'.''''' I -'??-.? ??. ? ??? ? ' ?? '..I They found them next day in ths bottom of I tho canon. Violet's lovely face waa past (Ceo*, ' I niiion, baton Weatherby's lingered a smile of : I such awful triumph as would: hare pleased tos I arch-fiend himself. ' ' --'' , I 