j TOLD BY A DEEP SEA ENGINEER. ' Hullo, Logan ! glad to see you've pickec up. Hero's Mr. Danvera—he's fond of paying us a visU down here.' I had just got into the engine room of the Ocean Monarch, bound, as usual, for Cape Town. I wa3 the second engineer, and had come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fever. This was my first appear ance, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr. Dativers, one of tho passen gers with whom I had made great friends, smiled. ' Sea air does wonders, said he. ' I sup pose I had better depart in peace, as you, too, will hn.re plenty to do.'' 4 Oh ! no hurry,' said Paterson. 'Yon know wo shipped some fresh stokors, Logan T ' Yes—two;' I answered ; how do you find them!' . . : ; II have had no complaints.' - I opened the: door of tho stoke-hole and looked in. Danvers put his head in behind I me. He always s:\id the great ted eye of the ifire had a fascination for him. The furnace .door wis open, and one of the mgn was fling iing on coals. The hot glare of light fell on >him as he :<iovcd backward and forward. Ho looked weird—terrible. j I turned buck hastily to Pater?r>n. . I ' Who is the third man ?' I sr.icl. j ' Third man ! Whstdoyoumof.il? What'.: jthe matter, Logan ; you are quite white ?' ( ' There are only two men,'said Danvers, following mo back into the engine room, j We heard the clang-to of the furnace door. I looked from one to the. other. I felt scared. J suppose I showed the feeling, for both ».Een seemed concerned. • 'Three?' I said, in a curiously question ing voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen. 'Thomson' (that was the stoker who had been with us for years)'and' the new men—I don't know their faces.' ' ' You'd better go to the"doctor again,' said Paterson. 'I was in there, five minutes before you came; there were only Thomson and Holker, one of the ne.w hands, there ; and nobody has gone in since.:1 • ' " i "'You'sdfe double,'Logan;'said' Danvers, smiling. '• .' • I was silent.'. • Nothing.;could, have been easier than to return to the- stoke-hole.- and there and then settle the matter ; but I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that' strange red figure, and preferred dropping" the dispute. Thinking over it later, it s.eemod probable that the others were right.- . The fierce light might produce all manner of-'effects, and the third man had certainly looked shadowy enough to bo only an optical delusion. But the second time I saw Jlolker was in broad daylight. I mot him fitco—to— foca-in the passage running forward past the en gineers' cabins, and again there seemed some one behind him—another man : a filmy shape, and yet distinct. I felt paralysed. There was nothing remarkable about the stoker. He was a quiet man, raiher ' close' with his mates, and therefore . not much' liked ; but we engineers found him a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging about, me ; yet I felt strong and well, slept soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. I took to watching Holker, although I had a horribly norvous fQelingabouthim. I asked Paterson and the third engineer if they saw anything odd about the man. Nothing at Ml, they said. Couldn't they see, I thought, that something always bfthind the stoker, that wasn't a likeness of him?:! Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too— in the lurid glal'e of the fire, about t-ho lower deck and passages, in the fresh sunshiny air— always that other man, like some haunting fate. Was I mad or was every one else blind ? 'Danvers,' I said one night, as he and I were walking the deck smoking, ' do you. believe in uncanny things ?' ' Do you mean ghosts?' ' • ' Not exactly. I wish you'd letme tell you something ; only don't laugh at me.' ' Not for worlds. I am not. an entirq un believer, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these things,' said Danvers, ' Thanks. It is about this Holker.' Do you remember when I first saw him? I told Paterson there were three men.' 'Yes.' ' There were three figures ! God knows whether, the third was a man !' I said in a trembling voice. ' It is no fancy—rl have proved it to be none. I am not ill. My nerves are not unhinged ; they are steady as. yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape 'What you Scotch call a 'wraith,1' said Danvers ; a warning of his death.' A ' wraith' is a likeness of the person warned. This shadowy form is not in the least like Holker. 'What does it mean?' I Eaid, pausing by his side. There was a of despair in my heart. ' Why do I alone see it? Is there something for me to do, and I do not know what ?' I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic, though he was silent. ' It is very strange,' he said, thoughtfully. ' It may be that you alone are a ghost-seer. I have read that some people never can see anything.' ' You do not doubt me, then V 'I hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearance V ' It is as clear as day, thought misty. It is a young man's face. He has a whice trans parent complexion, like a person in bad health ; thin aristocratic features ; the fair liair falls in curls over the forehead ; the eyes are brown—womanish eyes, soft and wist ful ' I paused suddenly. I had been talking as if to myself, hardly "nothing Danvers ; but an exclamation from him checked me. To my: surprise, he had turned pale. _ . - ' Should you know the face?' he said, in a' hurried way. ' You mean in a picture ?' 'Yes.' 'Come to my cabin,' said Danvers. We went below quickly, and when we reached •his cabin he fastened the door. He eeemed excited. He unlocked a desk then ho took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked I could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the face I had just des cribed ! ■ ' I see you recognise it,' said Danvers. He sat down and covered his face, and I laid the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated I felt curiously calm. ' Something your were to do!' said Danvers at last. ' You have done it ' How ? I have dono nothing.' • 'You have told me.' ' Told you ? Yes because I could no longer endure silence. What then ?' ' I'll tell you—and you must help me. I am not travelling for pleasure——' ' I knew that,' I said, a little dryly. ' Ah i you are quick, but you kept your counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a detec tive.' ' Whit !' I said, springing up ; my heart was beating wildlv. ' Hush ! Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that ho had escaped to Africa somo weeks ago. Ho is not there—he is here !' ' Holker, the stoker !' I whispered. I siit overwhelmed. Delivers quickly re gained something of his professions,', quietude. ' That face,' lie said, pointing- to the photo graph, ' is the likeness of Mr. Louis Temple —s young man ol means, and an invalid who was murrif-ved by his msn-servant. Perhaps you have heard. ' No. I was ill—I heard nothing.' 'The man was a trusted acrvant, half-nurse. Tiiu murder—a peculiarly horrible »m on il.-ionoc-'Gas mas: --was committed evi dently for purpose of robbery. Wo shall find sow. of t.ha spoil in Hol'ier'w chcs*:. The murderer escaped, bui we have evidence that will surely hang him. Nov.- do you aee how n. nf'V'co you have unconpci'nialy done? Rut f«r this strr.ni;!' hit-erpodtkn ''he mur dered man n-o>ild prnbibly never have been avondnd. Our false information would hp.ve misled u... v.-liilo vvo .st.- d finis i:i ''-n'tifyiiv; if: Holker would voit likely have boon been lost to us altogether.' ' I see,' was all 1 could .say. 'JTo'.v I have my hand on hirn,- mid the detcctive. ' Ho is, of course, disguised. I ~iil ;irr;in;;;: a plan, in v.'hicli I shall need your help to strip him of his disguise. I trill arrest him, and ho and I will bo put ashore afc the first port we touch at, and return to ■ England.' ' Cl"im my entire services,' I said. ' I can hardly yet believe I am in my right senses. Why 'vi.r T, who knew nothing of the circum stance:;—wli'i was ignorant of the oxintence of thir. Louis Temple—vrhy this I chosen to brin^ thin horrible crime to light V ' A!) ! I'-hore- wo get into the unfathomable,' said the di-'rifctive, ' beyond me, and beyond wiser :•.«(.! batter people Mian I. I don't see how- mio c;m got over the facts—which is nil we b:\vo >o do with. That argument did not satisfy me, though i know I never could get beyond it. The ' strange, the awful thing w»a, that tlie next ' time I saw Hoikor tho shadow wits gone. We made our plans, and I soon saw how nesessary my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvers was, and the initial movement was to drug the man, to get him into my cabin under pre tence that he was ill, and there satisfy our selves of his make-up. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective when this plan succeeded, and tlie wretched criminal was revealed in the insensible man before us. That was his last hour of freedom. He camo to, io find himself the prisoner of the quiet passenger, Mr. Danvers. It was a terrible scone. ' The man could nob under stand ho iv he had been dir.covered when the detective said he himself had npt made the discovery. In the midst of the wretch's frightful ravings, we learned that ho had purposely missed the ship he hid. been re ported to have sailed in, aud had fastened oii the Ocean Monarch. In his chest were found jewels, plate, money—all identified as iho missing property of. the unfortunate Mr. Temple. There waa horror from.stem to stern when it was known that we had a murderer on board. Sailors: are superstitious on this point and 'justly so. I think no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't his real name, by-the-bye) had beeu removed from our.Khip. I myself, was the sensation of the hour, but! tried to avoid curious questioners. Tiiers was something too awesome to me in the mystery to allow me to discuss it with every idle tattler. Was what I saw the spirit of the murdered nun, rilently crying for "•sv-yeanca ? I devoutly believe it wa3. But tho.qusstion I had put to .the detective ro rnains unanswered—why was I made to play this part ? . The story aot into the papers, and I was interviewed by more scientific -men of all nationalities than I can remember now. It is year? ago. The detective is dpad. The Ocean Monarch'is running her- last." trip.So all things como and go. •..■And it^s time I went below and looked, after my engines.—1>. Lao'sfeldt, in the "Yankee Blade." 