Review. Jfft lha Days When live IVorlcl was Wide, f»nd Other Poems. By Henry Lawson. Sydney t Angus and Robertson, (JaHtlerengb-street. This is a oompanion velumo to that which the same publishers havo put out from tho pen of Mr, A.'B. Patoraon ] and, wo may oonfldontly predict, it will booome equally popular. It is in no reBpoot an imitation, however ; the chnrm it posbobbob in regard to its predocusBor is the oharm of contrast. Mr, Lawson talccB a moro gloomy view of lifo than does Mr, Paterson t one is an optimist, tho other a pessimist, And in oaoh oabc the verse ruUoots tho writer's mood. The poomu boforo us wero written at various dittos in the interval botwoon 1888 and 1895, and wero contributed to sovoral Australasian publications, whence thoy havo. been collected for reproduction in thoir present form, Though thoir composition has oxtended over so considerable a period thoro is a conspicuous uniformity in thoir tono. Of that fono, wo may say that it rovoais Mr, Lawson as a man who is inolinod to glorify tho past and to belinvo in tho groat promise of tho future, but who has little good to say of tbo prosont timo. This faith in tho past and tho future And strong and stirring expression in two of tbo poorns to whioh wn shall presently rofor, but tho poet's despair of tho prosont is exhibited in tho ohiof contonts of tho book, 1'honG hIiow forbh tho droarinosB aud squalor of life on tbo avoriigo station, tho dreadful tragedies of tho bush whon want aud thirst stalk after the loat wayfaror, the unrelieved discomforts whioh Assail tho tramp, tho horrors of drought, tho grim proao of tho bullook-drivor'a oaruor, tho lonelinosa and isolation of woman's lifo in tho interior, tho' 'porllaof tho miner, aud - tlio goheral ugliness of' oxlstcnco in tho baak blookii. Two or throo of tho poems aro, howovor, olovor and woll-told storlos in vorao, notablo for their pathos, Not muoh humour plays upon Mr, Lawson's page, though ib is not utterly devoid of the moro snrdonio aspoots of thab quality,' bub his moro, agreeable writing In that in whioh ho descants upon tbo fidelity of bush friendships, nnd upon tho good comradeship and atwnhip frequently displayed in bush communities. Our poet has a command of language nnd of rhymo which novor fails him, and Ilia vorao oonsaquontly flown with n delightful onso. ' But tho oiiho Is not gained at tho cost of vigour t thoro ia manly utronglih in ovory lino i and, though tho poot grumbles frooly with things as ho finds And paints thom, he does not wlilno. Rather ho aotu his tooth as It wore with griui determination to put up.wlth what ho onnnob alter, Tlio forvour of fooling oqnsplauous, bho grnphlo nooumoy of tho doflorlptionn and allusions, luoilno us to lioliovo that the verses liavo n largo bunts tn personal oxp&tionoQ;, 'It l« not to bo proimmod, from tho opoalmonn wo tflvo lioluw, tlmb Mr, Lawson to con Unad to ono nuitro, III? control of inol.ro lo aa dooided tin bin control of rliymo, and In hla pago tho motro ia admirably varied, Tho volume in, talcing tt throughout, a contribution to Auntialinn litornturo nob losti aaooptablo than i tn prodoooii/iorj and Mr, Lawson lo as truo n limnor of oorbaiu phnwfl of the' rougher Attatrnlinn lifo nn is Mr. Fiitoraon, albeit ho paints Jti tbo gloom and tlio othor trroMghit in tlio swflBhiuo. The poem which iwppliea the title to the volume is in its earliest stanzas a glorification of the past, as a time profuse in opportunity for manly endeavour and splendid achievement, And the poet then puts the question Think of it all — of the life that is 1 Study your friends and foes I Stndy the past! And answer this: 'Are these times better than tboBe f' The life-long quarrel, the paltry spite, the sting of your poisoned pride ! No matter who fell it were better to fight as they did when the world w«r widp. ****** With the dull brown dBys of a shilling-an-hour the dreary year drags round : Is this the result of Old England's power ?— tho bourne of the Outward Bound ? Is thia the sequel of Westward Ho ! of tho days of Whate er Betide ? The heart of the rebel makes answer ' No I We'll fight till the world grows wide,' And tbiB, the concluding stanza, haB in it a triumph ant ring of cheering prophecy : The world shall yet bo a wider world — for the tokens aiv rti'inifeet ; EuBt Bnd North shall the wrongs bs hurled that followed us South and West. The march of Freedom is North by the Dawn ! Follow, whate'er bet.ide I Sons of the Exiles, march 1 March on ! March till the world is wide. ' The Star of Australasia ' is a great poem, con ceived in a similar spirit of hopeful anticipation. It is an incentive to battle, an urging to arms for country's sake. ' I tell you,' Mr. Lawson writes, — I tell yon the Star of the South shall rise — in the lurid clouds of war. It ever must be while blood is warm and the sons of men increase ; Forever tho nations rose in storm to rot in a deadly peace, Thero comes a point that we will not yield, no matter if right or wrong, And man will fight on the battlefield whilo passion and pride are strong. ' We have a forecast of how some Australians in that day will comport themselves — Thero are boys out there by the western creeks, who hurry away from Bchool To climb the sides of the broezy peaks or dive in the shaded pool, Who'll stick to their guns when the mountains quake to the tread of a mighty war, And fight for Right or a Grand Mistake as men never fought beforo { When the peaks are scarred and the sea walls ornck till the farthest bills vibrate, And the world for a whilo goes rolling baok in a storm of love and hate. #####* But, oh, if the cavalry charge again as they did whon the world wob wide 'Twill bo grand in the ranks of a thousand men in that glorious race to ride And strike for all that is true and Btrong, for all that is grand and bravo, And all that ever shall be, so long as man has a soul to savo. He must lift bis saddle, and cloBe his ' wings,' and shut his angels out, , Aud steel his heart for the end of things who'd ride with a stockman BCout, When the race is run on the battle track, and the waning distance hums, And the shelled sky shrieks or tho rifles crack like stockwhips among tho gums, And tho 'straight' is reached and the field is ' gapped' and tho hooftorn sward grows rod Witjh the blood of those who are handicapped with iron and steel and lead; And the gaps are filled, though unseen by eyes, with the spirit and with tho shades Of tho worldwide rebel dead who'll 'rise and ruali with the iiush Brigades. The poet however oredits with equal ardour for fight the city boys and tho sons of tho rich, and ho pioturos with pathos the sorrows whioh war will bring to wiveB, mothors and sisters, and with fer vour and stirring oloquonco tbo veterans of the battle telling its incidents ovor again. Tho poom concludes with ' a strong assertion of the man- and nation- making influences whioh war with all it terrors and horrors exerts— A nation's born where tho shells fall fast, or its leaso of life renewed We in purt atone, by the ghoulish strife, for the crimes of tho peace we boast, And the better part of a people's lifo in tho storm comes uppermost. A. man who writes a verse suoh as wo havo quoted oonfers on the community a boon, for ho appoaln to tho patriotio spirit of his follows, and striven to rouso them aa with a trumpet call. In tho development of the manly virtues especially, folk are apt to endeavour to livo up to a depu tation which haa boon created in anticipation for thom, In another poem, ' For'ard,' whorein tho author dwells in many stanzas with savago bittor noss upon tho distinctions of sooial rank whioh aro acaentunted because brought into nonrneas on board a pasBenger steamer, ho likewise givos exproaaion to his ineradicable hopefulness i What's tho uso of bein' bitter P What tho uso of gettin' mad P What's tho use of being nun or, just booauso yor incic is una r .What's tho blessed uso of frottin' llko a ohild thnt wants tho inooii P Thoro is broken henrta an' troublo in tho gildod fust saloon 1 Wo are used to boin' shabby— wo havo got no over draft— We can laugh attroublos for'ard that thoy couldn't laugb at aft. Spito o' prido an' tono abaft, (Koopln' up nppoaranoo aft) There's anxiety an' worry in tho breossy onbins aft. But tho ourso o* class distinctions from our shoulders nhall bo hurlod, An' tho influgnoo of woman rovolutloniso tho world j Thoro '11 bo higher education for tho tollln' starvln* , down, An' tho rich and oduoatod shall bo cduontod down i And we all will moot amidships on this stout old ' oarthly orafb An' thoro won't bo any friotion 'twixb tho alas&os; foro-V-nfti, We'll bu brothers foro-'an'-aft, , Ton, an' sistors, forn.'an'-afb I , Wl'.on tho pooplo work bogobhor, and their ain't no foro-'an'-aft. Tho sdntlmont of that concluding stanza ia, of oourao, not now, nnd Burns among others has givon it lino j expression. Bub ib iu walaomo though familiar; for it embodius a wholoaomo philoso phy of lifo, calculated to malco mon manly and hopeful, ' Sots you,' ' p, 58, it in a liko strain, though tho laab sbnnaa drops into a surrendor thnt doos nob oouslsb with tlio poot'n othor teaching Wo liavo nearly exooodad tho spaoo wo onn spare to tho volumo, nnd must content oursolvos with men tioning as spoolnlly ' worthy—' tfnolc Dunn, of Novortlro,' p. 60, 'Trooper Oninpboll,' p. OB, tho tragto ' Dtvllnd pt bho Drovor,'^ p, 00, 'Bon Duggnn,' p, 111, 'Thti Fire nb Rosa's Farm,' p, 108, 'Tho Poots of tho Tomb,' p, 225, nnd ' Ghosts, ' Theao two last aro furthor instances of bho povb's hopeful philosophy, on whioh wo have proforrod to dwell ia this notioo of his work, although wo do nob in bho loaot undervalue tho tnorib of tlio vorso na literature, Mention of Mr. Patoraon's volumo was inovitnblo iu donltng with tho pioaonb oolleotion of pooraa. Thoro la, howovor, nn aatunl aonnoobion batwndn thom. Mi'. Luwson, llko Mr. Patoraon, wan a con tributor to n wolMcnowu Sydnoy publication, ami ho wrote ' Up tho Country' (p. 1117 horo) n crnphlo pioturo in which ovary oonooivablo or natual draw back of buali Ufa wob onumoratad. Tho vomob ?ra la tho gloomiont fl train of oowplftlnt. Mr, Paterson made a reply, ' In defence of the Bueb,' (p. 156 in his volume), wherein he points out the many redeeming features of the interior. Whereupon Mr, Lawson responded, grumpier than before, and in a sarcastic vein wrote 'The City Bushman,' (p. 147), ending however with a half- confession that after all tho wild free life of the bush is not without its special delight. Wo have only to add that the volume is printed with clear type on Dutch hand-made paper, with gilt edge »a the top of the pages, and bound in art linen. The get up is eminently creditable to the publishers. It iB interesting to know that The 3 Ian from Snowy Jliver has hod a sale unprece dented in tho annuals of colonial publishing, over 4500 copies having beon sold in Australia in lees than four months. 