IN THE EVENT OF WAS. THEN AND NOW. [By Hugh Kalyptus.] I Two or throe years ago there came into my hands a small book with a red cover, inscribed on the top side " Colonel B. T, Finniss, un j Earthed from the Archives of the Staff pffioe." I hereby apologise to the gentle ran who lent it to mo for being too good book-keeper; and if be adopted the 'exoellent expedient of my friend Mr. R. fjTagoe, who keeps a little ledger in which he makes borrowers, be they Governors, fJudges, or common inkslingerB like myself, * duly sign for the books taken away, this delay ( would not have happened. However, I am r glad it did, for in the "exigencies of the Em | piro"—vide Sir John Downer—it is worth read s' ing, although, singularly enough, there is not a date from end to end. It is a manuscript f volumer recording resolutions passed in the , infancy of Australian defence, and I leave ; some of the veteran warriors, like Major ' Solomon, Highlander W, C. Buik, and ! others of that ilk, to spot the period. ( Resolution No. 1, proposed by Colonel Barber, seconded by Captain Musgrave is—" That the defence be sufficient to guard against an attack of throe or four vessels capable of landing 500 men," and the note is "discussion" ensued, after which the Commission divided on the question. For — Colonel Barber, Captain Musgrave, Colonel Warburton, Colonel Finniss. Against—Captain Biggs, who pro posed as an amendment—"That the number of men likely to be landed should. be 800 in place of 500but there being no seconder the amendment was not put. The next resolution ■ is equally entertaining in the light of the j ; latter day—" That the probablo mode of attack by an enemy would be, firstly, the1 shelling of Port Adelaide and shipping even by a single vee^il lying off the coast, west of Port Adelaide, without landing meu; secondly, or an attack by three or four ships of war capable of landing an armed force not exceediug 500 men at some point between the Semaphore and Black Cliff, near Marino, tinder cover of the guns of the attacking ships." Colonel Warburton wanted the words "be tween the Semaphore" omitted, and "north of Black Cliff " inserted, and again the motion was carried with one dissentient—the gallant Colonel. Reading further, it is amusing to see how history repeats itself. A motion was carried unanimously—"That, in the opinion of the Commission, the defence of the colony by fehips of war procured and maintained out of the colonial funds is out of tho question, the , expense of such a scheme being so great as to render it impracticable." I direct the atten tion of ex-Sergeant Charles Cameron Kingston to this.' "Then I find Captain Biggs proposing " That torpedoes will afford a valuable moans of defonce against vessels entering the Port v Creek." This was carried witli only Captain Musgrave dissenting. The torpedo station was in the far future then. Then, on the motion of Colonel Barber, it was decided that " a battery should be con structed at Point Malcolm for the protection 1 of the Port;" also " That the Commission con sider that a road at the back of and close to 1 the sandhills between the Semaphore and ; Marino is absolutely necessary for the defence of the intervening coast and country;" and Captain Biggs wanted gun-platforms erected on tho sandhills at intervals of about 2,000 yards, Colonel Barber opposing strenu ously. The eighteenth resolution affirmed tho necessity of having two batteries to protect i Glenelg—the place where the big guns were buried, and whore the Buffalo carronades now mount guard on Colley's Reserve. A floating Jbattery was also proposed, but the voting ( being equal tho motion was lost on the Chair man's casting vote. Captain Howard and Colonel Barber appear to have wanted the i Government to purchase from the Admiralty | three light-draught double-screw iron gun (boats, each carrying one eighteen ton gun, I fitted to lower into the hold when loading. I tyell, we got the Protector later on, and some Satirical new chum on a mail steamer lately '(asked if we " took her in after dark to keep ijier out of the dew." The Commission wore (exercised in tlieir minds over a Naval Brigade, 'and wanted 200 Volunteer Artillery, 400 -infantry, and 100 cavalry in addition; a full Hay's pay at any time before noon to bo 6s. ,<f Great Caesar's ghost, 6s.!" I can imasrine ijTommy Atkins of to-day exclaiming, " That ' must have been when C. C. K. was at Young's school playing ' hoppy' in his leisure hours and studying tactics." The humorous and yet pa thetic side of this Commission is reflected in the ^notion "That the officers of volunteers should not receive pay; they will undoubtedly con sider the honour of commanding sufficient." JThe dissentient here wa3 Colonel Finniss, and quite right too. The permanent officers of the force were to be paid thus:—Commandant, £550 and forage for two horses; Captain, £400 and forage for one horse; and Lieutenant £300. This, of course, was carried unani mously. It is awfully interesting reading this resolution-book without a date; it revives so many recollections. Was there a war scare on then? 122 