WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRIE ENGLAND. Br MISS BRADDON, Author. of 'Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' ''Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyllard's Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' ? 'Like and . Uulike,'&c.;, &e.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. Chapter XVII. — (Continued.) Fareham opened the door for her and she went outj regal in port and air. She had moved him to compassion, even while she owned herself a wanton. To love passionately — and to see another preferred. There is a. brotherhood in agony that brings even opposite natures into sympathy. He passed into the gallery, a long low room, hung with. modern tapestries, richly colored, voluptuous in design. Clusters of wax tapers in gilded sconces lit up those Paphian pictures. There were several tables, at which the mixed company were sit ting. Piles of the new guineas, fresh from his Majesty's Mint, Bhone in the candle-light. At some tables there jvas a silent absorption in the game, which argued high p}ay and the true gambler's spirit ; at others mirth reigned — talk, laughter, animated looks. One of the noisiest was the table at which De Malfort wa9 the most conspicuous figure; his periwig the highest, his dress the most sumptuous, his breast glittering with orders. His companions were Sir Ralph Masaroon, Colonel Dangerfield, an old Malignant, who had hibernated during the Protectorate and had never left his own country, and Lady Lucretia Topham, a visiting acquaintance of Hyacinth's. 'Come bere, Fareharo,' cried De Malfort; ' there is plenty of room for you. Til wager Lady Lucretia will pass you her hand and thauk you for taking it.' ' Lady Lucretia is glad to be quit of such dishonest company,' said the lady, tossing her cards upon the table and rising in a cloudof powder and perfume and a flutter of lace and brocade. 'If I were ill- humored I would say you marked the card9, but as I'm the soul of good nature Til only swear you are the luckiest dog in London.' 'You are the soul of good nature, and I am the luckiest dog in the universe when you smile upon me,' answered De Malfort, without looking up from his cards, as the lady posed herself gracefully at the back of his chair, leaning over his shoulder to watch his play. ' I would notlimit the area to any city, how ever big.' Fareham seated himself in the chair the lady had vacated and gathered up the cards she had abandoned. He took a handful of gold from his pocket and put it on the table at his elbow, all with a somewhat churlish silence that escaped notice where everybody was loqua cious. De Malfort went on fooling with Lady Lucretia, whose lovely hand and arm, her strongest point, descended upon a card now and then to indicate the play she deemed wisest. Once he caught the hand and kissed it in transit. ' Wert thou as wise as this hand is fair,'it should direct my play ; but it is only' a woman's hand and points the way to perdi tion.' Fareham had been losing steadily from the moment he took up Lady Lucretia's cards; and his pile of jacobuses had been gradually -assed over to De Malfort s side of tlie table. He had emptied his pockets and had 6cra\vled two or- three LO.U.'s upon scraps of paper torn from a notebook. Yet he went on play ing with the same immovable countenance. The room had emptied itself, the rest of the visitors leaving earlier than their usual hour in that hospitable house. Perhaps because the hostess was missing ; perhaps because the royal sun was shining elsewhere. Lackeys banded their salvers of Burgundy and Bordeaux and the players refreshed them selves occasionally with a brimmer of clary ; but no wine brightened Fareham's dark brow or changed the gloomy intensity of his outlook. 'My cards have brought your lordship bad luck,' said Lady Lucretia, Who watched De Malfort'B winnings with an air of personal interest. ' - 'I knew my risk before I took them, madam. When an JCnglishman plays against a Frenchman he is a fool if he is not prepared to be rooked.' 'Fareham, are you mad?' cried De Mal fort, starting to his feet . 'To insult your friend's country and, by basest implication, your friend.' 'I see no friend here. I say that you Frenchmen cheat at cards — on-- principle — and are proud of being cheats. I nave heard De Grammont braj of having lured_ a man to his tent and fed him and wined him and fleeced him while he was drunk.' He took a goblet of claret from the lackey who brought his salver, emptied it, and went on, hoarse with passion. .'* To the marrow of your bones you are false, all of . you. You do not cog your dice, perhaps, but you bubble your friends with finesses and are. as much sharpers at heart as the lowest tat-mongers in Alsatia. You empty our purses and cozen our women with twanging guitars -and jingling rhymes l -«S/E.GRl.GiNAU ^ ? TTT7- ? ' — . . - ? ? ... , — --.? .-??'** and laugh at us because we arehoneBt and trust yon. .SeducerB, tricksters, poltroons.' ;. ^ The flunkey- was at De Malfort'B elbow now. He snatched a tankard from the salver and flung the contents across the table straight ab at Fareham'e face. 'Thisbully forces me to spoil bis point' da Venise,' be said coolly, as he set down tha tankard. 'There should be a. law for chain ing up rabid curs that hare run mad 'without provocation.' . ? . Fareham sprang to bis feet, black and terrible, but with a savage exultation in Ha . ~ countenance. The wine poured in a red stream from his point-lace cravat, but had not touched his face. . 'There shall be something redder than Bur gundy spilt before we have done,*' he Baid. ' Sacre nom, nous sommes tombes dans un antre de betes sauvages,' exclaimed Masaroon, starting up and anxiously examining the skirts of his brocade coat lest that sudden deluge had caught him. . ' None of, your ? French to show your fine breeding,' growled the old cavalier. ' Fareham, you. deserved the insult, but one red will wash out another. I'm with, your lordship.' .. ? ? . ? ??*' 'And I'm with De Malfort,' said Masa roou. ' He had more than enough provoca tion ? ' ' Gentlemen, gentlemen, no bloodshed !' cried Lady Lucretia ; 'or, if you are going to be uncivil to each other, for' God's sake geb me to my chair. I have a husband who would never forgive me if it were said you fought for my sake.' '?We will see you safoly disposed of, madam, before we begin our business,' said Colonel Dangerfield bluntly. ' Farehanl, you can take the lady to her chair white Masarooa and I discuss — ~' ? 'There is no need of discussion,' inter rupted Fareham hotly. 'Wo have nothing to arrange— nothing to wait for. . Time, the present; place, the garden, under these win dow3 ; weapons, ihe swords we wear. - We shall have no witnesses but the moon and stars. It is. the dead middle of the night and we have the .world all to ourselves.' 'Give me your sword, then, that I may compare it with the count's. You are satis fied, monsieur ? 'Tis you that are the chal lenger and Lord Fareiiam has the choice of weapons.' ' 'Let him choose, I will fight him with cannon — or with soap-bubbles,' answered De Malfort. lollimr back in his chair, tilted at an angle of forty-five, and drumming a gay dance tune with his finger-tips on the table. ''Tis a foolish ernbroglio from first to last, and only his lordship and I know how focrlisb. He came here to provoke a quarrel and I musb indulge him. Come, Lady Lucretia,' he turned to his fair friend as he unbuckled his sword and flung it on the table, 'it is my place to lead you to your chair. Colonel, you and your friend vnll find me below stairs' hi front of the Holbein Gate.' 'You are forgetting your winnings,' remon strated the lady, pointing to the pile of gold. 'The lackeys will not forget them .when they clear tho room,' answered De Malfort, putting her hand through his arm and leaving the money on the table. Ten minutes later, Fareham and De Malforb ? were standing front to front in the. glare of four torches, held by a brace of her ladyship's lackeys, who had been impressed into the ser vice, and the colder light of a moon that rode — high in the blue-black of a wintry heaven. There was not a sound but the ripple of the unseen river and the distant cry of a watchman in Petty France, till the clash of awords began. It was decided after a brief parley that the principals only should fight. The quarrel was private. The Beconds placed: their men on a piece of level turf, five paces apart. They were bare-headed and without coat or vest, the lace ruffles of their shirt-sleeves rolled back to the elbow, their naked arms ghastly white, their faces suggosting ghost or devil as the spectral moonlight or the flame of the flam- - beaux shone upon them. ' You mean business, so we may sink the parade of the fencing saloon, ' said Dangertield. 'Advance, gentlemen.' 'A pity,' murmured Masaroon, 'there is nothing prettier than the salute 'a la ran caise. ', . Dangerfield handed the men their swords. They were nearly similar -in fashion, both flat prooved blades, with needle points and no cut ting edge, furnished with shell-guards and crossbars in the. Italian style, aud were about of a length. The word was given and the business of en gagement began slowly and warily for a few moments that seemed minutes ; and then the blades were firmly joined in carte and a scries of rapid feints began, De Malfort having a slight advantage in the neatness of his circles and the swiftness of his wrist play. But in these preliminary lounges and parries he soon found ho needed all his skill to dodge his op ponent's point ; for Fareham's blado followed iis own steadily and strongly through every turn. De Malfort had began the figrht with an insolent smile upon his lips, the smile of a man who believei himself invincible, while Fare? ham's countenance never changed from the black anger that had darkened it all that night. It was a face that meant death. A man who had never been . a duellist, who had raised his voice sternly against the practice of duelling, stood there intent upon bloodshed. There could be no mistake as to his purpose. The quarrel was an artificial quarrel— the object was murder. ? , „ De Malfort, provoked at tho unexpected strength of Fareham's fence, attempted a partial disarmament, after the deadly Conti nental method. Joining his opponent's blade near the point, from a wide circular parry, he made a rapid thrust in seconde, carrying his forte the entire length of Fareham's blade, almost wrenching the sword from his grasp, and then, in the next instant, . reaching forward to his fullest stretch, he lunged at hia enemy's breast, aiming at the vital region of the heart a thrust that must have proved fatal iad not Fareham sprung aside and so received the blow where the sword only grazed his ribs, inflicting a flesh wound that showed red I upon the whiteness of the shirt. Dangerfield tore off his cravat and wanted to bind it round his , principal's wrist, bjit Fareham repulsed him, i and his ploomyanfer, lashed into hot fury by 1 ?the Froneliman's gncavaher-like ruse, met his , thrusts with a -deadly purpose, which drove De Malfort reckless to lunging and riposting, -* and the play grew fast and fierce, while the rattle of steel seemed never likely to end, until, timing his attack to the fraction of a second, Fareiiam dropped on his left knee, and planting his left hand upon the ground sent a nurderous thrust home under De Malfort's guard, whose blade passed harmlessly over his adversary's head as lie crouched on the sward. DeMalfort fell swooning in the arms of the two seconds, who both sprang to his assis tance, ? ' ? ' 'Is it fatal!' asked Fareham, standing motionless as stone, while the other men knelt . on either side of De Malfort. 'I'll run for a surgeon,' said Masaroon. 'There's a fellow I know of this side the Abbey— mends bloody noses and paints black eyes.' and ho was off,* running across the grass to the nearest gate. ' It looks plajruilv like a coffin,' Dangerfield answered, with his hand on the wounded man's breast. 'There'p throbbing here yet; but he may bleed to death, like Lindsey, before sur gery can help him. You had better run, Fareham. Take horse to Dover, and get acroaB tc Calais or Ostend. You were devilish provoking. It might go hard with you if he was to die.' 'I shall not budge, Dangerfield. Didn't you hear me sav I wanted to Kill him ? You might guess I didn't care a cast of the dice for my life when I said as much. Let them find it murder, and hang me. I wanted him out of the world, and don't care how soon I follow. ' ' You are mad— stark, staring mad.' The wounded man raised himself on his elbow, groaning aloud in the ajro'ny of move ment, and beckoned Faroham, who kiiflt down beside him, all of a piece, like a stone figure. 'Fareham, you had better run ; I have powerful friend's. There'll be an ugly stir if I die of this bout. Kiss me, mon ami. I for give you, I know what wound rankled ; 'twas for your wife's sister yon fought — not the cards.'' He sank into Dangerfieid's arms, swooning from loss of blood, as Masaroon came back at a run, bringing a surgeon, an elderly man of that Alsatian class which is to be found out of bed in the small hours. He brought styptics and bandages, and at onco set about staunch ing1 the wound. While this was happening a curtain had been suddenly pulled aside at an upper window in Lady Castlemaine's lodgings show ing a light within. The window w-is thrown up and a figuro appeared clad in a white satin night-crown- that glistened in the moonlight with a deep collar of ermine from which the handsomest face in London looked across the garden to the Bpot where Fareham, the seconds, and the surgeon were grouped about De Malfort. It was Lady Castlemaine. She leant out of the window and called to them. ' What lias happened ? Is anyone hurt ? I'll wager a thousand pounds you devils have been fighting.' 'Do Malfort is stabbed,' Masaroon answered. ' Not dead V' she shrieked, leaning further out of the window. - 'No ; but it looks dangerous.' ' Bring him into my house thi3 instant I'll s'md my fellows to help. Have yon sent for a surgeon V 'The surpeon is here.' The radiant figur« vanished like a vision in the skies, and in three minutes a door was heard opening, and a voice calling, 'John, William, Hugh, Peter, every man jack of you. Lazy devils ! There's been no time for you to fall aslee.p_ since the company left. Come, stir, and out with you.' , 'We had best levant, Fareham,' muttered Dan.'C-rfwld, and drew siway his principal, who went with iiim, silent and unresisting, having no more to do there ; not to fly the country, however, but to walk quietly homo to Fare ham House, and to let himself in at the garden 3 door, known to the household as his lord fbips. Chapter XVIII.«-REVELATIONS. Lord Fareham stayed in his own house by the Thames, and nobody interfered with his liberty, though lienri de Mulfort lay for nearly a fortnight between life and death, and it was only in the beginning of December that he was pronounced out of danger, and was able to be removed from Lady Castlemaine's luxurious roujus to iiis own lodgings. Scandal-mongers might have made much talk of his lying ill in her ladyship's house, and bein-r tenderly nursed by her, had not Lady Castlemaine outiived the possibility of slander. It would have been as difficult for hur naino to acquire any blacker stain :is for a damaged reputation to wash it self white. The secret of the encounter had been faithfully kept by principals and seconds, De Malfort behaving with a chivalrous generosity, He appeared, indeed, as anxious for his antagonist's safety as for his own re covery. 'It was a mistake,' he said, when Masa roon pressed him with home questions. 'Everyman is mad once in his life. Fare ham's madness took an angry turn against an old friend. Why, we slept under the same blanket in the trenches before Dunkirk ; we rode shoulder to shoulder through tLo rain of bullets at Chatillon, and to pick a trumpery quarrel with abrotber-in-arms !' '1 wonder the quarrel was not picked earlier,' Masaroon answered bluntly. 'Your courtship of the gentleman's wite has been notorious for the last, five years.' 'CaH itnotcourtsbip, Ralph ; Lady Fareham and.I areold playfellows. We were reared in tiie pays du tenure, loveland— the kingdom of in' nocent attachments and pure penchants, that country of which Mademoiselle Scudery has given us laws and a map. Your vulgar Lon don lover cannot -understand platonics — the affection which is satisfied with a Bmile or a *' madrigal. Fareham knows his wife and me better than to .doubt ua.' 'And yet ho acted like a man who was mad'ly jealous. His rudeness at the card table was obvious malice aforethought. He came resolved to quarrel.' ' Ay, he came to quarrel— but not about his wife.' Pressed to explain this dubious phrase, De Malfort affected a fit of languor, and would talk no more. The town wastoldjthat the Comto de Malfort was ill of a qnartain fever, and much was said about his tiiili'erings durmptthe fronde, his ex exposure to damp and cold in the sea-marshes by Dunkirk, his rough faro and bard riding through the war of the Princes. This fever, which hung about him so lone, was an after consequence of hardships suffered in his youth — privations faced with a boyish recklessness, and which ho had paid for with an impaired constitution. Fine ladies in gilded chairs, and other fine ladies in hackney coaches, called frequently at his lodgings in St. James's-street to enquire about his progress. Lady Fare ham's messenger .-yas at his door evi-ry morn ing, and brought a.Hotf, or a book, or a piece of new mu&o; from her ladyship, who had been sternly forbidden to visit her old friend in person. : ^ /-'-?..£?'.'???? ~-..::.^. ?'? ? ?-.-?,-?- ,-iliSs&dfci.; ?-??-?? ???' ? 'You grow every, day a gloomier tyrant !' Hyacinth protested, with more passion in her voice and -mien .than, ever her husband had known. 'Why Bhould I not -go to him when he is ill— dangerously ill— dying perhaps ? He is my old, old friend. I remember no joy in life that be did not share, 'Why should I -not go to him in his sorrow f 'Because you are my wile, and I forbid you ! I cannot understand this passion. I thought you suffered the company of that empty-headed fop as you suffered your lap dogs— tbe trivial appendage of a fine lady's state. Had I supposed that there was any thing serious in your liking — that you could think him worth anger or tears— I should have ordered your life differently, and he would have had no place in it.' ' Tyrant ! tyrant !' 'You astound me, Hyacinth! Would you dispute the favors of a fop with your young sister?' 'With my sister !' she cried scornfully. ' Ay, with your sister, whom he has courted assiduously, but with no honorable motive. I have seen his designs.' 'Well, perhaps \ou are right. He may care for Angela— and think her too poor to marry.' '* Jio is a traitor and a villain ? ' 'Oh, what fury! Marry my sister to Sir Dcnzi], and then she will be safe from all pursuit. He will bury her alive in Oxford shire — withdraw her for ever from this wicked town — like poor Lady Yarborough in Coin wall.' ' I will never ask her to marry a man she cannot love.' 'Why not? Are not you and I a happy couple ? and how much love bad we for each other before we married ? . Why I scarce knew the color of your eyes, and if l*had met you in the street 1 doubt if I should have recognised you ! And now, after thirteen years of matri mony, we are at our first quarrel, and that no lasting one. Come, Fareham, be pleasant and yie:din}?. Let me go and eee my old play fellow, lam heart-broken for lack of his com pany, for fear of his death.' She hung upon him coasingly, the bright blue eyes looking up;at him — eyes that had so often been compared to Madame de Longue ville's, eyes that had smiled and beamed m many a song and madrijral — by the poets of the Hdtel de Batnbouillet. She- was ex quisitely pretty in her youthful coloring of lilies and roses, blue eyes, and pale gold hair, and retained at thirty almost all the charms and graces of eighteen. Fareham tool: her by both hands and held her away from him, severely scrutinising a faco which he had always been able to admire us calmly as if it had been on canvas. ''You look like nn innocent woman,' he sr.id, 'and 1 have always believed you a good woman; and have trusted my honor in your keeping — have seen that man fawning at your feet, singing and sighing in your ear, and have thought no evil. But now that you have told me, as plainly as woman can sneak to man, that this is the man you love, ana have loved all your life, there must needs come an end to the sighing and singing. You and Henri de Malfort must meet no mora Nay, look not such angry scorn. I impute no guilt, but be tween innocence and guilt there need be but one passionate houi. Tho wife goes out an honest woman, aljJts to look her husband in the face as you are looking at me ; the wanton comes borne, and the rest of her lifo is a shame ful lie. And the husband awakes someday from his dreain of domestic peace to'discover that he has been long the laughingstock of the town. I will be no such fatuous husband. Hyacinth. I will wait for no second warning.''' Lady Fareham submitted in silence and with deep resentment. She had never before experienced a husband's authority sternly exercised. She had been forbidden the free run of London play -houses and some of the pleasures of court society; but then she h; id been denied witli all kindness, and had been allowed so many counterbalancing extrava gance*, pleasures, asid follies that it would have been difficult for her to think herself ill u&ed.; She submitted angrily, passionately regret ting the man whose presence had long been the highest element in her life. Her cheek paled ; she grew indifferent to the amusements which had been the business of her lii'e ; sulk'-d in her rooms, equally avoiding her children and their-auut ; and, indeed, seemed to care for no on^'s society except Mrs. Lewin's. The court milliner had business with her lady ship every day, and was regaled with cakes and liqueurs in her ladvship's dressing-room. ' You must be very busy about .new gowns, Hyacinth,' her husband Baid to her one day at dinner. 'I moot the harridan from Coveut Garden on the stairs every morning.' 'She is not a harridan, whatever that elegant word' may mean. And as for gowus, it would be wiser for me to have no new ones, since it is but likely I ehall soon have to wear mourning for .in old friend.' - She looked at her husband defying him. He rose from the table with a sigh and walked out of the room. There was war between them, or at best an anned neutrality. Ho looked back and saw that he bad been blind to the the things he should have seen, dull and Gtupid where he should have had sense and under standing. ' I did not care enough for my honor,' he thought. 'Was it because I cared too little for my wife? It is indifference and not love that is blind.' Angela saw tho_ cloud that overshadowed Faruham Mouse with deepest distress and yet felt herself powerless to bring back sunshine. Her piater met her remonstrances with scorn. 'Do you take the part of a tyrant against your own flesh and blood?' she asked. 'I have been too tame a slave. To keep me away from the court while 1 was young and worth looking at — to deny me amusements and admiration which are the privilege of every woman of quality — to forbid me the playhouse and make a country cousin of me by keeping me ignorant of modern wit. I am ashamed of my compliance.' ' Nay, dearest, was it not an evidence of his love that he should desire you to keep your mind pure as well as your face fair ?' ' No, he has never loved me. It is only a churlish jealousy that would shut me up in a harem like a Turk's wife and part me from tho friend I like best in the world — with the purest platonic affection.' ' Hyacinth, don't be angry with me for being out of the fashion, but indeed I cannot think it right ior a wife to care for the com pany of any other man but her husband.' 'And my husband is so entertaining ! Sure any woman might be content with such gay company— such flashes of wit— such light raillery,' cried Hyacinth scornfully, walking up and down the room, plucking at tho lace upon her sleeves with restless hands, hor bosom heaving,- her eyes steel-bright; with anger. ' ' Since his nioknoss last year he has been the image of melancholy: he has; held himself aloof from me as if I had the pesti lence. 1 was content that it should be -so. I had my children and you, and one who loved me better in his light way than any of you— and I could do without Lord Fareham. But now he forbids mo to see an old friend that is dangerously ill, and every drop of blood in my veins boils in rebellion against his tyranny !' It was in the early dusk — an hour or so after dinner. The servants had lighted clusters of wax candles in the sconces here and there against the tapestried walls ; but these only made intervals oi light in the dusk of the long lofty gallery. Many more candles would be lighted by-and-bye, and visitors would drop in on their way .to or from Whitehall, and those scandals from which Fareham had tried to guard his wife's ears and mind would be dis cussed in undertones and whispers, with much airy laughter. Visitors came and Hyacinth had to affect pleasure in their company in spite of the dull aching heart and the feeling that life was hateful. Angela sat silent in the shadow of a bay window, quit' as heavy-hearted as her sister — sorry for Hyacintlj, but still sorrier for Hya cinth's husband, yet feeling that ther^ was treachery and uukiudness in making him first in her thoughts. But surety, surely he de served a better wife than this ! Surely he de served a wife's love — this man who stopd alone among the men she knew, hating all evil things, honoring all tilings good and noble ! He iiad been unkind to her — cold and cruel — since that fatal night. He had let her understand that all friendship between them was at an end for ever, and that she had become despicable in his sight; and Bhe had submitted to be scorned by him since it was impossible that she should clear herself. ' She had made her sisterly sacrifice for a sister who regardod it very lightly ; to whose li-?ht fancy that night aud all it involved counted but as a scene in a comedy ; and she could not unmake it. But haviner so sacrificed his good opinion whose esteem she valued she wanted to see some happy result to save this splendid home from shipwreck. Suddenly, with a passionate impulse, she went to her sister and put her arms rounoTher and kissed her. ' Hyacinth, you shall not continue in this folly,' she cried, 'to fret for. that shallow idler whose love is lighter than thistledown, whoso element is the ruclle of one of those libertine French duchesses he is ever talking about. To rebel against the noblest gentleman in England 1 Oh, sister, you must know him better than I do ; and yet, I who am nothing to him am wretched when I see him illuse.d. Indued, Hyacinth, you are acting like a wicked wife. You should never have wished to see De Malfort again after the peril of that night. You should have known that he had no esteem for you, that lie was a traitor — that his design was the wickedest, cruellest ? ' *' I don't pretend to know a man's mind as well as you — neither De Malfort's nor my hus band's. You have needed but the experience of a year to make you wise enough in the world's ways to instruct your elders. I am not going to be preached to— hark !' she cried, running to the nearest window and looking out at the river, ' that is better than your ser mons.' J't was the sound of fiddles playing the symphony of a song she knew well, one of De Malfort's — a French chanson, her latest favo rite, the words adapted from a little poem by Voiture. She opened the casement and Angela stood beside her looking down at a boat in which several muffled fiprure3 were seated and which was moored to the terrace wall. There were three violins and a 'cello, and two quartettes of singing boys with fair young faces smiling in the light of of the lamps that j hung in front of Fareham's house. I The evening was still and mild as early ! autumn, and the plash of oars passing up and down the river sounded like a part of the music — Love in her sunny eyes doth basking play, Love walks the pleasant mazes of her hair ; Love does on both hei lips for ever stray, And sows and reaps a thousand kisses there ; In all her outward parts love's always seen. But, oh, ho never -.vent within. It was a song of Cowley's which De Malfort had lately set to music and to a melody which Hyacinth especially admired. '' A serenade ! Only De Malfort could have thought of such a thing. Lying ill and alone ! he sends me the sweetest token of his regard — ; my favorite air, his own setting — the last song I ever heard him sing. And you wonder that I I value so pure, so disinterested a love,' pro ! tested Hyacinth to her sister in the silence at the end of the song. i 'Sing again, sweet b'jys, sin? again,' she cried, snatching a purse from her pocket and , flinging it with impetuous aim into the boat. ! It hit one of the fiddlers on the head, and i there was a laugh, and in a trice the largesse j was divided and pocketed. ! ' They are from his majesty's choir ; I know j their voices,' said Hyacinth; 'so fresh and pure. They are the prettiest singers in the chapel. That little monkey with the cherub's voice 13 Pur-cell— l-r. Blow's favorite pupil— and a rare genius.' They sang another song from Dc Malfort's repertoire, an Italian serenade, which Hyacinth had heard in tha brilliant days before her marriage when the Italian O)w:ra . was still a new thing in Paris. The melody brought back the memory of her happy girl hood with a rush of Budden tears. The little concert lasted for something less than an hour, with intervals of light music, dances and marches, between the singing. Boats passed and repassed. Strange voices joined in a refrain now and then and the sisters stood at tho open window enthralled by the charm of the music and tbe scene, London lay in ruins yonder to the east and Sir Matthew Hale and other judges were sitting at Clifford's Inn to decide questions of title and boundary and the obligation to rebuild ; but. here in this western London there were long ranges of lighted windows shining through the wintry mists, wherries passing up and down with lanterns at their prows, an air of life and gaiety hanging over all that river which had carried many a noble victim tH his doom within those cyclopean walls, where the four towers stood bluck against the starlit greyness, unscathed by tire aud untouched by time. Angela often thought of those great spirits who had passed under her windows on that short voyage to a traitor's grave — oftenest of all she tli ought of the stern strong Yorkshire man, born for autocratic rule, a despot by in stinct, who had made that brief voyage many a time between the Tower and the senate house, through the weary complexities of half a year, fighting for his life, as 'Fouquet fought after wards for life and liberty, and against as cruel odds, envied, admired, hated with the fierce hate tuatfohWs public success. Sho thought of Strafford often, recalling all of goodness and benignant power that she had ever heard of from his apologists, discrediting his accusers. Her father had talked of Farehaia's likeness to his distant cousin ; and in thinking of the fallen statesman, of whom she had seen do -portrait, her imagination conjured up a face that was like and yet unlike her brotherin law. The hist notes of a good-night song dwindled and died to the accompaniment of dipping oars as the boat moved slowly along tho tide way and lost itself among other boats, jovial cits goiug eastward from an afternoon at the King's Theatre, modish gallants voyaging wostward from playhouse or tavern, some going homo to domesticity, others intent upon plea sure and intrigue^ as the darkness came down and the hour for supper and deeper drinking drew pear. Apd who would have thought, watching the lighted windows of palace and tavern, -hearing those joyous sounds of glee or catch trolled by voices that reeked of wine— who would havo thought of the dead-cart and the un-numbered dead lying in the pest pits yonder, or the city in ruins, or the King en slaved to a foreign power and pledged to a hated church— London, gay, splendid, and prosperous, the queen city of the world as she seemed to those who loved her — could rise glorious from the ashes of a fire un paralleled in modern history, and to Charles and Wren it might be given \o realise a boast which in Augustus had been little more than an imperial phrase? Were but Parliament accommodating kiug and architect could leave broad streets and stone churches where they had found winding lanes and narrow alleys of wood aud plaster ; mansions instead of hovels, pillared and pedirnented markets instead of hucksters' stalls ; sky-pointing spires and pin nacles, a dome inferior only to Florence and Rome, and finer placed than either, Binee even the wide spaces, the colonnades and fountains in front of St. Peter's can scarce vie in pictu resque effect with the sharp ascent of Ludgate Hill and the dominant position of St. Paul's as seen from every east or west point along the river. ( To be continued. ) 