A HOME .fttJtiE SEIZURE.; Home»Rule %asialwayabadly disagreed with the "^Argus." ^ur ie^iSltife^fecett of cucJm? ber at bed-time produces some such unpleasant consequences ;as; the "Argus" experiences whenever the Irish question is prominently brought under its notice. A nightmare is the almost certain consequence in the one case, and the trouble occasioned in the other is little less. The nightmare would really be the lesser of the two evils, for it is a rare visitation, and there is a pleasure to be found in awaking out of it and finding tliat it was but a dream. Unhappily for our contemporary, there is no release from the Home Rule torment ; it is to our Unionist contemporary a constant thorn in the flesh—an affliction out of which tliere is no awaking or rising. It acts upon the system like one of those recurring fevers the symptoms of which are debility and fretfulness. For a long time—posibly for years—the attack is apt to eturn, in a more active form, ith changes of temperature and hivering fits, accompanied by epression and loss of temper. limate, time, quinine, and reimen usually effect a cure in hese cases; but, so far, there is not much room to hope that the Argus" will soon be able to shake ff the distemper which shotvs itself in its case upon each revival f the Home Rule question in this olony. On all occasions of the ind it betrays a rise of temperaure and a vexation of spirit which must be as painful to its riends as it is amusing to others. Our contemporary has had a ery bad seizure lately, the imediate cause being Mr. Blake's visit aud that gentleman's address. Ti; e recurrence of the fever in this ase was accompanied by a strange hallucination. In two rtici eS) w i th only atl interval of a oupi e 0 f days between them, the Argus" assured its readers that Home-Rule was dead—as dead as Q U( i en Anne it twice protested, as though there might be some lingerng doubt on the subject. For the s Uspicion to tbat effecfc there was nch befcter vr r0U nd than for the Even to persons who sserti 0 n. ay wish that ifc were so it w}u seem that their authority profce&fced; too mucll not to doub J t ifiS own statement. One can unhesitatingly accept the assurace that Q^een Aane is dead and- if Home Rule be as dead as er Majesty, how is it that it still troubles our contemporary ? That \- o f its conscience which is not aily exposed to the public gaze ith a white-waahed lace is not, hope, so dreadfully troubled J \- • • - - - hat it is scared by . a phantom. uarrelling with a ghost is surely n unprofitable occupation. The ead sleepeth not in this casethere is no resurrection, and if the " Argus" is convinced that Home ule is dead, why is that journal so perturbed at the mention of it ? W is it in that case that Mr. Slake's visit caused our contemporary two bad spasms in the course of a few days l' Insincerity is.tUe, It wAs .flpt at a,0gho3t the "Argus" squirihed. The fvery tangible proof that journal and its sympathisers had that Home Rule still survives, and that the Irish people in Australia, np4ess than allother Irishmen elsewhere, are determined that it shall 1 . ^iei-.^ut, sbjaUliisrfe ^to conquer, was the real cause of the seizure. It was this which caused the bad .relapse and yie ;u^ly ahd pitiful consequenfiseS^f'ftln'the "Argus " In the later issue of the two it tower -tbfe ^udsiioas® number., '' Judibiously," meaning, as it' SbS.' 1 with sound j iidgment, was a very proper word to use in this case, p for it would have : ill become our dCwTdAaDeHwth visitor to take any serious notice of the impertinences and misrepresentations of a critic who displayed either an inability or an unwillingness to discusB a question of-Imperial interest in a fair and honest spirit. In the two articles to which we refer there was not one valid or honest objection to Home Rule to which anyone who could not be .tricked into playing a game with a literary thimble-rigger would condescend to reply. See, said the "Argus" to its readers, the number of Catholics which Mr. Morley appointed to the magistracy—but keep out of sight the fact that all through Ireland the patronage of the Crown has persistently been in favour of Protestants, and that in official life people of that denomination bear about the same proportion to Catholics as Catholics do to Protestants in the population of the, country. Remember how much has been done for the tenant farmers of Ireland—but keep out of mind that woeful circumstances, the consequences of long misgovernment, imperatively demanded great changes; forget also that, these changes are in a large measure ineffective for good, because the advice of the Irish members was rejected, and over- "look the fact that the wrongs of the evicted remain unredressed, and that the present Unionist Government acknowledge that an amesd inglahd Act is called , for by the urgent necessities of the case. Bear well in mind that the Irish drink more whisky than is good for them; believe the falsehood that in this way they are their own enemies by so contributing an undue share to the excise returns —but do not inquire if they drink less whisky than Englishmen 0r Scotchmen, for the truth on that point would be fatal to the charge; and it is not truth you are to get, nor is it by truth the case against Home Rule can be bolstered up. The opposition could not be thus conducted with advantage, and consequently it is fraudulently based on falsehoods, misrepresentations, suppressions, and evasions. Hence it is that the " Argus " withholds from its readers how Ireland's share of the national debt mounted up after the Union through Treasury juggling, and that taxation per head, though less in Ireland than in Great Britain, is far in excess of the taxable wealth of the poorer country, and, consequently, of the ability of its inhabitants to bear taxation. And because Mr. Blake ' did not condescend to notice the perversion of well-known facts, on which the " Argus " trades hr dealing with the Irish question, .that journal appeals to the uninquiring and uninformed portion of its readers for an endorsement of its . statements. This is how our con temporary acts on each recurrence of the seizure. "When the fit is badly on it the liberty it takes with truth' f is ' correspondingly audacious, and from the symptoms in the present instance it is very' evidient that the attack must have, been unusually viole^ In the notice »f St. Joseph's Home. Surrey Halls, last week, the name of the secretary (Mr. W. H. O'Neill) /of the reeent earhivri was' inadvertently; bmitte^. ; Valuable; aid .was rendered bjy thiB gentleman in connection With, that sucoessM 1 undertaking, and the Sipters of St. Joseph arq grateful for the interest^ manifested by the friendsof the Home. | ' "VVphaye toapknowledge the receipt of , the ".Photographic i Review " for De-- i comber last; and a< copy of " Woman'p Life^ifroip Messrs.Gordon and Gotch.; iUiie"AustrftlLight" for the sur^itf" ' Wpth is tQ hand. - We have received fromMr. J. Eraser, ublisher, Ballarat, tfaree attractive little' evotional works, entitled V" Mies: rimson and White," " Living in Union ith Jesnfli" and " Gathering Eoses." he first-namedcontains a ' selection of evotions to various saints, each as St. loyeius, 6t. Agnes, etc. The 'second is little bxochtne of maxims taken from Dr. Newsham. The laBt- named is-a eulogium on that beautiful prayer, " This Hail Mary." The price of itbe firstlittle work is 6d., the second 8d,,'and the third 2d. " A dozen copies can be had of the first two at 5b. and 2s. 6d. respectively. In one of the earlier • pages of "Lilies"- there is an address to "My dear children"—presumably tho students of Loretto Convent —strongly recommending the little work of devotion to their use. There is, however, no signature to the address, though it has been issued from the. Loretto Con vent. Nevertheless, it may, we think, be safely assumed that the convent is very nearly connected with the publication of " Lilies," and also the compilation of the other little leaflets mentioned above. The Chairman's Report and Statistics, of the Ballarat General Cemetery is to hand. It will be seen from our advertising columns that the art-union in aid of St. John's Church,. Clifton Hill, will be drawn on Monday next, 10th February. 