FRECKLES. BY LILIAN HANDLER. “ Madge, Meg, where arc you. i “What do you want ? ” “ You, of course; what else do I over want I Where are you ? ” “ Up in the apple tree, of course t Where else do I erer get when I don’t want to be dis turbed ? ” “ Then come down.’’ 1 What for ? Can’t I finish ray chapter ? ” “ No. come at once ; I want to tell you something.” “Here, then, catch the book.” And she dropt a oopy of much used “ Asphodel ” oot from the gnarled old branches of the lichen-grown apple tree over in the further corner of the orchard. K« xingham Kurtley had by this time singled out the favourite resting place of ihe girl, and now stood beneath the tree in readiness to help her down or to ca’ch her should she jump. The op-.n book descended flat on his upturned fare in her stead ; and while be stooped to pick it up and to gather together the loosened, flutter ing pages, Madge swung herself down from her “ Well ? " she asked him. “ Whal’s the matter ? ” he made reply, star ing at her as he straightened himself. “ Thai’s what 1 want to know. You said yon had something to tell mo.” He stuffed the book into his pocket, and stepping towards her took her two hands in his. What’s up, Freckles ? You’re been cry-, ing,” he said. “ Well, I don’t need to be told that when I did it myself,” and she laughed a little watery l*u*h through her tears. “ What’s the matter, dear ? Tell me all about it.*’ And he took her Ito hands in his strong brown lett ont* and placed the other consolingly round her shoulder. “ It’s only the stupid old book, Rex, and I’ve read it twice before.” “ Goes out and drowns herself, doesn’t she ? 1 remember. Silly old Ftccklcs ! But 1 say, by .Jove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes you look awfully nice.” “ Don’t tease ; what have jou got to tell me ? ” and she rubbed her wet cheek up and down his coat collar. “Nothing thafll make you cry, little one, but something that will make you so happy on my Hceount.” “ Oh, Rex, what is it ? Won another bicycle race and got a jolly prize ? Ora rise in the office ? ” “ Guess again.” ’ He seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watch ing the tears vanish away as she turned her glowing face to his. “ Dear, I can’t guess ; tell me.’* “ It’s something jolly, and will be a sort of expected surprise to you, if I may use the expression.” “ Rex, j*ou haven’t been betting again, and won and taught the chestnut of yir Ororgc’s you wanted ? ” Her eyes looked very serious now, and there whs a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. •' No, ’pon houour. I haren’t betted since the time l promised you I wouldn't.” Slits said nothing, but with a happy little sigh of contentment she laid her head down on hi* shoulder again. “ Well, 1 see I’ll have to tell you,” said Rex-1 ingham after x pause. “You remember the artist i who was struck with your hair last year ? ” “ Uhm.” “ Well, it’s something to do with him ; can’t* you guess ? ” I She knit her brows and puzzled in silence, j At last she said: “ No, I've no idea of anything ; about him that could concern you except 'through me,” she added in an undertone. “ Wlut did you say ? ” he asked quickly. “I don’t know of anything thut could concern you with regard to him. Have you seen him “No; but I've seen his sifter.” “ Which 6ister ? Miss Itivo or the frisky widow that was here ? ” “ Both ; but I mean Pauline—Miss Rive.” “ Well ? ” “ Can’t you guess ? ” “ You don’t mean nhc has asked you to sit for her and means to paint your portrait ? ” “ I didn’t know she could paint people.” “Didn’t you ?” Thu retort Mnmdcd as if It half revealed a secret. But Rexinghim did not notice it. “Well, I’m engaged to her, that’s ail,and I'm just the luckiest fellow in the world ! Isn’t it jolly ?” Something startled him, it sounded :ns though a voice in the far distance and yet somewhere quite near ejaculated “ Oh God ! ” And,hut thnt tho expression wns so nnfsmininr, and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of ft supplication than an interjection, hu might .have fancied Madge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep in his coat-. ' ' “ Well,” he asked, after a pause, “ aren’t you going to congratulate me ? ” Still she was silent. “ Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, haven’t you a word of good luck for nu* ? Why I used to think you were fond of mu little girlie, and so you arc the first person I have told mv bit of good news to.” He put his hand under her chin and turned her face towards him. Tho tears were all gone now, and so seemed to be tho colour from her cheeks ami the network of little sunspots which, had won her her pot narno from him, stoo I out in bold relief against the unwonted palrncss of her skin “ What’s the matter, Madge ? You look as ir you were choking. Have yuu got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ? ” The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was none in an instant. “ I think I must have swallowed s piece of fluff off your coat,” she said, “ and it stuck in my throat.” “ This engagement or yours is rather sudden, my hoy, isn’t it ?” The lone set rned somowhat anxious, and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurtley, when, about an hour afterwards, her son had sought her out to tell her of his piece of good “No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of tho Rives last year, and I have often mt-t them in London since.” “ I had no idut you admired that kind of girl,” said Mrs. Huitley. “Oh, mother, I think she’s awfully pretty, and. besides, she lute such a good figure, and really the dearest little foot and ankle of any woman 1 know.” ** Well, 1 suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a good figure and a pretty ankle,” said his mother, with just a touch of something that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. “ Have you told Marjory ?” she asked after “ Of courre I told Freckles just as soon as I got in from tho station. They told mo she vrus in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my old playmate at once.” “ Anil what did she say, how did she take it ?” asked Mis. Hurtley anxious!}*. “ Oh, phu didn’t nay much, she was & bit surprised at first, and, besides, just as I was telling her a fly flew down her throat or rome thing, and she had to swallow that first. After x bit she asked me if I were happy in my en gagement, and wh»*n I said, * Rather ! ’ she told me then so wns she. 1 ray. mother, I want you to ask Pauline down hero, and all might get up a little picnic or something. Ami—1 should like it to be nice you know ; they arc very rich ! ” “ How do you like my dress, Rt-x ? ” ' “ It’s charming.” i “ Rut you arc not looking at it." I “ Wasn’t I. Wear a thick veil then if you want people to notice your dress ! ” She laughed, she wns pleased, and yet con sidering how used Paulin* Rive must have been to compliments and flutter}' it seemed strange she could still feci so delighted about them. “ What are we going to do when we get out of the train ? ” she asked present!}'. “ Go straight to tho river and meet Meg and the provisions there, aud that lazy brother of joins if he remembers to turn up." “Oh, Rex, it will be awful if Jack doesn’t “Why? I needn’t do all the work. Madge “ No, I meant—‘ two’s comfortable, three’5 a crowd, you know.” “ Oli, Freckles doesn’t count for an extra one ; she is a jolly sort of girl that way.” “ I don’t like Miss Arleigh,” protested Pauline. J “But yon must since she and I arc great i chums, you know.” 1 “ Yes, I know. I wish you were not.” " Why ? ” “ Sho’s a funny sort of a girl. Do you know* | what Jack said of her ? ” “ But Jack’s mashed ; he’d say anything. What was it?” “ He said, when he was so mad that time for her to sit for him, you remember —4 that girl U tho Bort they make hcroinrs nnd murderesses ot.’ He says red hair and that peculiar, dusky glow of colour which comes and goes under her skin, means passion and strength of will. Does she ever get in a passion, Rex ? ” “Never; she is the sweotest-tempered woman I know ; but I don’t suppose Jack meant that sort of passion. Here we are.” As they jumped out of the train Madge met them on the platform. “I came to the station,” shoeaid to Rcr after greeting Miss Rive, “ in ca*e you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rive has not come. Lot me havo tho other side of that, Rex,” she said, suiting the action to the word, “ I’m so strong, and it lessens the weight so much for two to carry it.” “ I could have helped Rex/’ protested I’au Rex laughed. “ You help, indeed ! Why you ere only half my size; and, beflides, the strain would pull that rig of yours out of gear!” “ Besides, I am more used to it; am I not Rex ? ” answered Madge, turning to him. “ Wc’vo carried many a picnic basket down to tho river between us, haven't we ? ” 44 Yen, Madge* you’re an out-and-out brick ! And she never shirks her share,” ho addod with kindly patronage, turning to Pauline. “ 1 supper vim lmvu known Mr, lliutleya XSUf Wiia tinw f'' ei’«isi\s.l Vaulin? in « Oja. ’tfoctlv •* convcrstit'ounl ” tone. i “ Not so very long ; I mu only twenty-two,” fepliod Madge so brightly th*t to suspect snr g*5B> in the answer acnnod treachery. “ I was three and Meg len months old when pother adopted her,” explained Rrx. Pauline vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lipfl iod walked on. To her the remark seemed ill* bred on Madge’s part. They were soon cumfottablj settled in a tiny boat; it seemed as if there would not hare been pom for Jack Hive had be come. “ this boat perfectly safe, Reiingharo P * tjkad Pauline as they started. “Yes, if you sit still and don’t wriggle about; it isn’t else.” “Then why did you bring mo out in it,” •be exclaimed, in horror. " Oh, Freckles and I always use this boat, Hid there is no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair.” “ Do you often go on the rirer, Miss sleigh ? ** asked Pauline. “ A good bit ; in the holidays Rex and I are oat nearly all day ; when i*ra slone I generally jo in a canoc." “ Ah, dear, isn’t that dreadfully unsafe ? ” “ Oh, no ; not if yon know the rirer. But you really must sit still Miss Rive, it is diffi cult for me to steer, or for Rex to scull if the toil’s not trim.”. '* By George ! it’s more than difficult; it‘s dangerous when a steamer cornea along I ” ex claimed Hex. “Oh, I'm fto frightened! Let’s land soon, please,” entreated Pauline. “ Sit quiet for goodness sake, I/ma, and you will he all right. We most get down to Willow fiend beforo we open the luncheon baskets ! ” bliss Rive’s courage rose, and her equanimity returned as she found that the boat neither turned upside down nor ran into the bank a* they prorrrded, and she soon forgot her fears *nd tin; creases in her retv dress, and actually l-rgan to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tt oy landed, and the baskets gave up tlmir hidden store, much, too much of course as r.cu d, as is tho way of picnic basket*. “ I begin to miss Jack when tho plates are unwrapped ; don’t you ? ” remarked.Hex, as having supplied the ladies, he begun to fill hi* “ You seem quite as- well able to dis|Ktie of ; tho things,” laughed Madge. “ Hasn’t that boy »n enormous appetite when he’s in a good temper, Miss Hire ? ” “ I can’t say I’ve noticed it,” ropllod I’aulino in quite »n aggrieved tone. "Oh, coinu now, haven’t I been in a good temper ever since you first smiled on mo ? *' exclaimed Ilex, with bis mouth full of pie. They dawdb d snlongovcr thoir luncheon and thru went “just a little lower down,” before i turning hick and again putting in at Willow | fiend for a cup of ten, snd it was such fun | toiling the kettle and washing up the plates, sud re-pi:ck»ng the basket, that it was growing nark by the timo tho liltlo party commenced their rot urn journey by the river Erin I’aul-'no Rive acknowledged (hat she j had enjoyed herself—Rex was so joyful and • Ma<jory ,so. quaint and merry that she forgot jlhftt her gown puckered wherevir the waler iBphstied on it, and timt the rising mist was | bringing her hair out of curl. “ I’ll scull homo,” said Kcr, *' and you ateor, Kieckles.” “ It’s getting awfully, daric,” he said pre sently, alter working steadily for n quarter of an hour. “ Are we near the lock vet r” “Another sixty yards and we’ll be inside,” snswered Madge, pocringinto the darkness For. boats nht-nd. In the lock Madge wanted to change snd take the sculls to rest Rex a bit: sho thought, too, that he would prefer the scat next Pauline, hut Hex insisted on retaining the oars, he was not tired hn said ; and it wanted a man’s stroke • to get them home before it became quite dark. When they nncgcd from the lock they found tho riv; r very misty, b -si les being over shadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach homo. , “ I don’t like this ; I don’t fed safe,” ex-, claimed Pauline. “ It's all right if we are careful, and Freckles] is a splendid stcerer,” Rex fissured her. Presently Madge said : “ Rex, there is some thing in front of us ; it looks as if a groat coal barge had broken alvay from the tug and was floating broadside on to us.” ! Pauline screamed. “Give her plenty of room, then,” ordered Rex, and Madge turned the bust into the middle of the stream, as thu obstacle seemed' coming down almost along tile bank. Suddenly, as they came from the shadow of • tho great hulk the lights from a steam launch . blazed in their eyes. lJcforc th»*y knew.what to do the frail boat struck forcibly against aomc “ We're lost ! tVe re lost !” cried Pauline. } “Sit still for God's s*ke, or \?c shall be,”, commanded Rex. Can you both swim ?” - “ Slip loose your -skirt*,’V whispered Madge, ut Pauline flung lu.rself on the side of the boat in a paroxysm of terror, and before they bad timo to recover her, she had upset them all into the water. “ Help !” shouted Rex ; “ we’re capslaed ; stop the screw.” Madge found herself clinging to the side of the l>oat, which had not turned over, but had righted itself more than half full of water. She caught at the wrist of I’aulino and placed her hand on the boat too. “ Hold on,” sho oried, “wo are all rightbut ert-n as she spoke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her woight ; it was widen? !y leaking. Soon sho heard Rox close to her. “ Are you both together “ "We are both here,” answered Madge. “ Pauline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or re ceived a blow.” “ Wc must struggle on to the barge ; the steamer does not seem to hare heard us, and has gone on.” “ Save Pauline,” cried Freckles, aa tho boat sunk out of her grasp with a awish and a whirl of black water. Rex seemed undecided. In that supreme moment the faithful offection of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the passion of yesterday. “Save her,” repcate I Madge; “I can swim !” R'-x struggled to the shin of the barge, but it was too high out of the water to aITow of any landing, burdened as hn was, too, with the inanimate weight of the fainting Paulicr. He was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting the barge managed at last to gain the bank. ri h-rc he deposited his future wife. “ Freckles,” h* shouted, “ make for the bank. It’s not so veiy far. ; go down stream a little and then come past the barge. Madge! Madge! I.will krep on shouting that you may know which way to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will como out to No answering shout relieved hi* hungry ears. “ Freckles !*’ he cried wildly. “ Madgo ! Madge !” Still no answer, but in his ears ran to the tune of the gurgling waters. “ Save her ; I can swim !” And with that generous lie on her dying lips Marjory’s loving soul had fled out to eternity. 