ICitaatrtrc. A ROGDE'S DAUGHTER. Bv ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 'A Life Sentence,' 'Sir Anthony's Secret,' 'Marjory's Mistake,' 'Dr. Eudicott's Experiment,' 'Jacobi's Wife,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved ] Chaptee XXVIL— Delia's Appeal. Cyprian returned home on the following day and, without seeming actually to observe his wife's demeanor, became at ouce keenly aware of the fact that she was utterly unlike herself. He was accustomed to seeing her look languid and dejected— in some senses he had grown used to that state of things ; but he noticed now that she was changed ; she flushed and paled for no reason ; she started violently at every little noise ; she had a frightened air, for which he could not account. He felt rather than saw that there was a new look of appeal in her sad eyes, but to this he was determined uot to respond. Delia longed to speak, but dared not. She did not know what view Cyprian would take of the matter, but she suspected that he would think it his duty to inform the police of Julius Vansittart's preseuce in England if he were aware of it. No, she dared not betray her father— and yet the .burden upon her was more than she quite knew how to bear. ' A day or two passed by and she did not hear from Vansittart. She bejran to hope, in a vague, futile way, that she might never hear from him again — that he had perhaps seen Dick and gone back to South America without troubling himself to 'say good-bye to his daughter. But even while she tried to console herself in this way she was not able to build any solid superstructure of comfort upon so frail a foundation. It was not likely that he would leave England without trying to see her again ; and her heart sank at the thought of another interview. She loved him still ; in spite of his faults, his crimes even, she could not cease to love her father ; but she had a nervously exaggerated view of his influence and control over her. She was not sure that she might not be com pelled to follow him to South America if he told her to come. She wondered uncom fortably whether she were bound to obey him now that she was married or whether her husband had the. prior claim. Delia was cer tainly very childish and very iguorant con sidering her age, for she was by no means sure as to her respective duties to her husband, brother, and father. But it must be allowed that she was in rather an exceptional position with respect to all three. It would bo different, she argued, if Cyprian loved her and cared to keep her with him. But if he cast her off what was she to do ? She could not obey him, because Jpe gave her no commands to obey. She did not want to do anything that would displease him — but how could she find out what choice he had in the matter, since he would not express by so much as a word or a look the course of his desires ? She had wanted to cast in her lot with Dick and the matter stiil remained in abeyance, but her conversation with Rose had (shaken her faith in this plan and she felt miserably insecure. She. was quite unconscious of the fact that the servants had seen her in the summer-house with a stranger and had gossiped among them selves about that mysterious visitor. And she never guessed that her own maid had thrown herself into Mr. Harcourt's way one morning on purpose to suggest in dulcet tones that she would very much like a policeman's whistle, if Mr. Harcourt did not object. ' It'a rather a lonely sort of house, sir, and there's so many men hanging about that it makes me quite nervish,' said Mrs. Harcourt's maid elegantly. ' What have I to do with it ? And what do you want with a policeman's whiBtle ?' said Mr. Harcourb. 'Do you mean the gardeners at the baok of the house ?' said Harcourt, frowning slightly. ' There is no need to be nervous about them, surely I understand they are quite a respect able class of inen.' ' Oh, yea, sir. But you see where one goes another can go. And the respectable men can show others the way into our garden, sir, and its makes one feel so unsafe at nights. I should like to have a policeman's whistle in case of a sudden alarm.' 'Do you mean that you have seen strangers in this garden ¥' ' Well, sir, I don't deny that I've seen one as seemed to be hanging about some where and looking at the windows, but I think he was an acquaintance of my mistress. for I saw her withr him in the summer house— — ' ? ? ?-.-,, '? -That - will do,' said Harcourt shortly. 'If you only saw someone with Mrs. Har oourt t dp not see why you are afraid of burglars. Mrs. Harcourt's visitors do not concern you.' '.Ohi of course not, sir. * Only it seems odd that visitors should come and go through the back of the summer-house,' said the girl pertly. She expected to be dismissed upon the spot and she did not care. -*3he was tired of serving Delia, who went nowhere and did not mind how she was dressed. Cyprian looked at her and very nearly uttered the words of dismissal. But he re frained. He would not send Delia's maid away without her consent. He was strictly just and honorable — or so he thought himself — in his displeasure. He would not condescend to do a thing which should seem in the least to savor of petty spite. He sent the woman away from him and gave himself up to melan choly reflection. Was it true that Delia had been receiving a clandestine visit ? It could not-be. Unless— it suddenly occurred to him — unless it were that scapegrace brother of hers, who must be out of prison by this time ! Surely this was the case. She had been afraid to admit him into the house and had therefore met him in the summer-house and set all the servants talking. It was intolerable be haviour. He was irritated beyond all limits of endurance. Although he so seldom spoke to his wife he felt that he must offer a re monstrance, a caution, a word of friendly warning. And for that purpose he entered the drawing-room a little earlier than usual that evening. Delia was there, with a curious dull light in her eye and two scarlet spots on her white checks. He looked at her and wondered whether she was ill; then decided that this strange and rather wild expression of hers came from the suppressed excitement under which she seemed to have labored for the last few daye. It proceeded, he thought bitterly, from this unlucky visit of her brother. But Delia's agitation had a more serious cause than the one to which he attributed it. She had received that morning a note from her brother Dick and it had somewhat upset her nerves. It came through the post in the ordinary way and was signed Richard Van sittart, as though he had never dropped the uarne at fill ; moreover the terms of the letter were carefully commonplace. Nevertheless it seemed to Delia aa if a secret breathed in every line and as if it were the most compro mising document that anyone could possibly receive.'' And therefore her cheeks were hotly flushed and she could not meet her husband's eye. There were about 12 minutes before the dinner hour and Cyprian thought that he might as well make use of the opportunity to say what he wanted to say. The worst was that he scarcely knew how to begin. He had addressed her so little during the past few weeks that h« found it absolutely difficult to open his lips. And she .would not look at him. She per sisted in looking the other way. He cleared his throat and changed his position in vain. It was evident that shu did not expect him to speak. 'Delia1.' he said. How she started. What a flood of -lovely color suddenly dyed bx?r delicate face from brow to chin. He was angry with himself for being moved by it— angry that he had been forced to call it there. ' I am obliged to speak to you,' he said in his coldest tones, 'on a matter which con cerns your own reputation as well as mine.' The flush had faded now and left her face white as marble, with a growing apprehension in the startled hazel eyes. 'If at any time,' said Mr. Harcourt, in. measured accents, 'you should wish to see any member of your family ? ' How frightened 6he looked ! She actually cowered and shrank away as if afraid of words that might be worse than blows. _ 'Or if any membar of your family should wish to visit you I should recommend your re ceiving him here in the drawing-room or the study, and not in the summer-house or the garden.' ' Who said ? Who told you ?' she mur mured, looking and unlocking' her fingers ner vously. ' That does not much matter, does it ? I will only point out that to receive a man with any appearance of secrecy gives rise to scan dalous remarks. And it is also entirely un necessary. I have never, I thinlc, desired you not to see your brother, if you wish to* see him.' ' My brother ! ' said Delia, in a tone of such relief that he could not help turning to look at her. Dick! Oh ? ' 'Was it not Dick?' he said 'quickly and sternly. There was a moment's silence. Then Delia looked up, defiance in her eye and resolution on her lip. She had been driven to bay at last. ' It cannot possibly matter to you whether it was Dick or anybody else,' she eaid. Cyprian bowed satirically. ' You are quite right. It does not matter — perhaps. Still, while you are under my roof ? ' She interupted him with feverish eagerness. ?'You know I don't want to stay. You know I am longing to get away. I was only waiting until Dick— Dick — came ? ' ;- Came out of prison. I understand,' said Cyprian, with cutting distinctness. 'He is out* now, I presume? Then I might perhaps suggest that you might make some arrange ment ? ' 'Oh, Cyprian, Cyprian ! you are very cruel to me,' said Delia, suddenly breaking down and hiding her face in her hands. Cyprian moved restlessly. ' I am only doing as I thought you wished,' he said in a lower tone, which had a strangely muffled sound. 'You gave me to understand some time ago ? ' 'Oh, I know, I know,' said Delia heart brokenly. ' We needn't go into it all again: need we ? I'll make all the arrangements you wish. Dick wautB me to go and see him, and I'll calk to him.' ' Very well,' Baid Cyprian quietly. Delia would have been astonished if she had known what a thrust at his hearc those words gave him. After all, he could not bear to think that she should seek counsel from any man but himself. Even her brother was not a fit coun sellor for her. Delia wiped her eyes meekly and endeavored to control herself. She did not notice that a folded piece of paper had fallen from her lap to the floor. Cypnau picked it up and restored it to her. 'From— your brother, I suppose,' he said, a Uttle jealously, 'Yes.' ' ? :; -: ??-' .? -:?? . . 'Imayreacl it?' ' ; - : . : 'Oh, no, no i' cried Delia, catching at the paper. 'Not for *ub: world.'-, / .! : j ! You need 'not beJ^ifraid,'.- he *aidi very coldly, withdrawing himself a little from her side; 'I was not going to snatch it; but I cannot see what your brother should say to you that is such a secret. Your future plans concern me as well as him ; but perhaps you had forgotten that11 ' I did not know you cared anything about them,' said Delia faintly. \- 'You had better let me see the letter, I think : then I shall understand your brother's attitude.' He spoke so coldly that no one could have guessed the tumult of passion which shook him at that moment— Delia least of all. The thought uppermost in his mind was a convic tion that his wife had not spoken the truth. The letter, he believed, was not from Dick at all ; it was from some other man. . - She raised the paper in her trembling fingers and gave it to him submissively. She did not kDovv what he was thinking, but she recognised the ring of command in his tone. The letter was very short. ' My dearest Dslia,' it ran, ' will you come here to-morrow afternoon and see me ? You know whom you will meet. I, want to know your plans for the future as I am afraid there will be a difficulty, but we can talk of it when we meet. God bless you, darling, for your faith in me. ' ' Your loving brother, '.Richard Vaxsittaut.' Cyprian stared at the paper and read the words two or three times without quite know ing what he did. There was an odd mixture of relief and disappointment in his mind. The letter was from Dick -and it was strightforward enough — but it told him very little after all. He gave it back to Delia with a cold word of thanks. 'You are going, I suppose?' he added. 'Oh, yes ; I am going,' she said. Her head was 'whirling with amaze at finding that he asked no further questions. The reference to the person 'whom she would meet' had seemed to her so painfully clear. But Cyprian had not noticed. There was a moment's silence ; Cyprian con sulted his watch and wondered why dinner was not ready. Dslia sat silent and motionless until the servant appeared to say that the meal was served. Even then to Cyprian's sur prise she did not rise. He bent towards her and held out his arm which she almost mechanically took ; but with the touch of his arm a sudden revulsion of feel ing took place. The servant had left the room and Delia tore her hand away. ' What is the use of keeping up this farce ?' she said. Is it for the sake of the servants who spy upon me and report my doings to you ? I will not go on with it any longer. If we are to live apart why do we pretend— pretend to be friendly ?' She burst into tears and rushed out of the room before Cyprian could collect himself sufficiently to-utter a single word. He stood looking after her, he heard her go upstaii's and lock herself in her room, and a great wave of pity rose hiffh in his heart, a great desire to follow her and hold her in his arms and com fort her. But again he steeled himself to endure. 'I am a weak fool,' he said to him3elf, 'but I will not be so weak as that.' And he walked straight down to the dining-room and went through that 'farce' of dining, against which Delia had at length rebelled. He had entered the house with a fairly good appetite, which had, however, entirely disappeared when he sat down to dinner. He retired to his study as soon as he could conveniently do so and sat there during the evening trying hard to lead a volume of philosophy, butuotsueceeding particularly well. About 11 o'clock ho was disturbed by the entrance of Delia, who glided in without knocking, looking peculiarly ghost-like in a long white wrapper, with her hair floating down her back and her hands stretched out in appeal. _ . 'Oh, Cyprian !' said she, approaching him so softly that he scarcely heard her 'come, 'forgive me?' He looked at her without altering his posi tion in the very least. He did not mean to be harsh, but it seemed to him as if he were in a dream. He iay back in his chair and listened, but he could not speak a word. ' ' I don't mean,' she went on hurriedly, ' that you can forgive me for the past— I've given — given up all nope of that — but for my foolish ness to-night. I know I was very silly — very impatient, but I — I could nothalp it just then. Cyprian, will .you not forgive me ?' He had roused himself a little by this time. Ho heard himself replying with a callousness at which he wondered, in the confused way in which people do wonder at their own doings now and then. *' No apology is needed. You are free to do exactly as you please. ' 'Ah, no, I am not — I am not!' Bhe cried, suddenly breaking into tears, 'or I should be free to die— to die. and be forgotten. ' And then she turned and glided away as softly as she had come, but with her face hidden by her hands ; and Cyprian, left alone, rose to his feet and held out his arms as if he would have called her back. It was too late. She had gone and he had lost his chance. ,A sense of passionate loss, of undying sorrow, came over him, and laying his head against his folded arms on the marble mantelpiece he, too, wept tears of exceeding bitterness. He was ashamed of himself afterwards. He told himself that he was very weak, very womanish ; but the fact remained, and for some time he had been conscious of oje thing only, and that wan his desire to take Delia back to his heart to comfort her for all her great troubles and tell her to trust him in everything. He had wanted to do this, and something — was it pride? — had held him back. And now he felt, with a mixture of remorse and a dreary kind of irresponsibility, that he had lost his chance with her for ever. She would never forget or forgive his insensibility to her appeal. How he could have answered her so coldly he did not know. He had spoken as if he cared not an iota for her pain, her penitence, her desire for his forgiveness ; and yet his heart had been aching with the craving for her love. It was weakness, sheer weakness, and he would put the thought of Delia far from him now and for evermore. Chaptee XXVIII. —Brother and Sibter. It was with some difficulty that Delia found her way to the address given her hi Dick's letter. It was a different address from the one formerly known by Delia, for as soon as he had been set free from prison ho bad changed bj& rooms so that he might begin life again with Rose in perfectly new surroundings. ; The surroundings were not inspiriting ones. Rents are so high in'Loudpti and cleanliness is 60 difficult that he had preferred to take rooms in a 'block of workmen's buildings rather than in a private house; tot he knew that in the buildings - the sanitary arrangements at least would' be well looked after. Unfortunately he had not been able to find them save in a set of buildings on the south side of Oxford-street, where the air is -close and Bpace smalL New bury Buildings were not attractive in ap pearance. They jutted out in, ugly tall blocks, With 'grimy -courtyards between ; the stone stairs were not well lighted nor well kept; and some of the lower flats were used as small shops for secondhand clothes and furniture. These buildings did not belong to the new school, nor were the rents collected by ladies who brought an atmosphere of kindness and refinement along with them. They had been run up as a speculation and were reputed to pay a hand some dividend. Delia advanced timidly through gangs of dirty children plaving'in the courtyard to the door of one of the buildings and toiled up flight after flight of the stone steps which led to Dick's abode. Here she knocked at a narrow unpainted door, which was marked '305' and waited for a moment or two, shrinking a little as one or two heads were popped out of neighlwring doors to 6taro at her. ? There seemed to be some rather heated discussion going on inside the house and Delia had to knock three times before she could be heard above the sound of voices ; but at last there was a pause and her knock was answered by Dick himself. Ho was in his shirtsleeves and looked flushed and excited ; but as soon as he saw his sister he uttered an exclamation of delight and drew her inside the room. 'Delia ! dear Deely !' he said, using the old pet name aa be drew her into his arms. 'Have you really come? I hardly thought you would ?' 'Dick! Dear Dick. I would go any where to see you, ' said Delia, with her arms around his neck. ' She had already had a vision of flying skirts disappearing into another room, and she now noticed that Rose's face and head could be seen at the entrance to another room ; but as soon as Delta glanced that way the head was promptly withdrawn and the door shut with a pronounced bang, which spoke volumes to the listener's ears. Dick spoke rather apologetically. '(She is a little upset because I won't do something that 6he wishes,' he snid in a low tone ; ' but you must not mind her, Delia. Of course she has had something to bear — to put up with— — ' He stopped short suddenly. ' I understand,' said Delia. ' I don't mind what she does or says, dear — but what have you not had to put up with, my poor dear boy?' She folded her arms around him again and began to cry. ' Don't cry, Deely, I'm a free man again, thank God; and life isn't ended yet.' But there was so sad a tone in his voico that Delia looked up at him searchingly. ' ' Oh, Dick, you are so changed ! You are so paie and thin — and — different.' 'Think what has happened, darling,' he said in a smothered voice. ' I can't ba quite the same, I suppose, can I ? And your marriage doesn't seem to have done you much good, Delia ; you are the shadow of your self.' 'I shall be a'l right again soon when I am with — with people— who care for me,' said Delia. ' What did he marry you for if he did not love you ?' ' I think he fancied he loved me. I — I was not worth it. He was disappointed in me,' Delia murmured with averted face. ' I never thought Harcourt a prig — or a fool either. What has happened to him ?' ' It was my fault, Dick. Don't let us talk about it, please.' ' Then you have not been happy any more than myself, Delia?' 'No, Dick.' They were silent for a minute or two, feel ing that greater sympathy which comes of community in suffering rather than in joy. Then Delia said gently — . 'I have not decided anything for the future, Dick. I am going to leave my husband — will you tell me what I had better do?' 'Is it so bad as that, Delia? Can't you make it up with Harcourt ?' 'Oh, no,' Eaid Delia, shaking her head sadiy. 'It isn't a quarrel, you see; it is not anything that can be 'made up.' We are not suited, and therefore we are not happy ; that is all.' 'Delia, tell me; has this alienation come about through my— my unha|jpy fate f 'No, dear. Not directly at any rate. I mean — it was all my own foolishness. I faintod when I heard about yourself — some- one told me that it was in the nev.'spaper and I was taken by surprise ; and then he learned that I was your sister— and who we were, you know.' ' A.'i ! you had not told him that we were the children of Julius Vansittart.' ' You told me not to tell, Dick.' 'I was a fool,' said Dick. 'I never thought of .your marrying a man without tell ing him, Delia. But it is only one out of my many mistakes. I wish I had my life to begin all over again.' ' Audso do I,' sighed Delia. 'But it would not avail much,' said Dick heavily, ' so long as we are Julius Vansittart's children. That is a fact we cannot very easily get over, Delia.' She made no answer and he could not see her face. Perhaps it was just as well ; for the dumb hopeless anguish of its expression would have pierced him to the heart. 'Well,' he went on doggedly after along pause, ' we must try to live it down as well as we can. There's nothing for it but complete openness and frankness as far as I can see. I shall never change my name again. Richard Vansittart I am and Richard Vansittart I 6hall be to the end of the chapter. We will never hide ourselves again, will we, Delia ?' 'It is no use,' said Delia. 'And even if it were we would not do it, would we V said her brother, a touch of tender ness softening the asperity of hiB voice. ' ' Never again, Delia. ' Never again, Dick. Oh, Dick, how good you are !' Dick looked at her in surprise. 'Good I' he said with a laugh and a shake of the head. 'I'm afraid you are the only person who tliinks so, Delia, my dear child.' 'But I know you are— I see it and I feel it. When that — that dreadful thing happened — about the note, you know — I believe that it was a plot to ruin vou, ajt$ that yo^knew who did it all the time— there ! I am right. I can see it in your face. Dick, dear, dear old boy !' ???? ' You are talking wildly, eaid Dick quietly, wincing a little and turning aside eo as to conceal his face from her; 'you have no reason to think any such thing, and I — — ' 'You can't deny it, 'said Delia. 'It's no -f use. I know your face better than my own. I ''.-. won't ask you to tell me the true story, because '? I see you don't want to tell it, but I am per- -'? fectly sure of what I say.' 'Don't say any more, Delia. Don't say these things to anybody else. Such wild sup positions ? ' : 'They are not wild — I know — I understand. -. . Only one question — Does Rose know ?' She had said that she could read Dick's face, but she certainly did not understand tho ex pression that crossed it now. After a moment's silence he answered her, however, in a per fectly steady voico. ' Rose knows all there is to be known. But I should prefer your not speaking of it to her.** 'I will not, 'said Delia. ' And now, Dick, ' dear, the time is getting on and I want to hear whether you had any particular reason for sending for me this afternoon. ' ' I had a good reason. I expect him. You know whom I mean.' 'I have seen him twice,' said Dick, lower ing his voice, ' but I -do not know where ho lives. He says it is best for us not to know. I wanted him to wait until evening, but lie saya that he is not afraid to go about openly, for nobody could possibly recognise him, so long as he does not talk. A voice, he declares, ia even more easily recognisable than a facs.' 'Do you expect him soon ?' 'I wonder that he is not here by this time He wishes to see you, Delia. I believe that this is to ba the last interview. He intends to sail to-morrow.' ' Oh, I shall be glad when he is out of tho country.' ' Yes, it will bs a relief.' 'Where is Rose?' said Delia, rather timidly. ' I will call her if you like.' ' Perhaps she thought we wanted a little talk together, but I did not mean to keep her out of this room, ' Delia remarked. Dick's only answer was to go to the inner door and tap smartly upon it with his knuckles before turning the handle. 'Rose,' he said, 'my sister is asking for you.' ' Very kind of her, I'm sure,' said Mrs. Richard Vansittart, who now showed herself at the door in all the glory of. a very -fashion- ably-made silk dress, which looked singularly out of place in the bare little room. '1 did not want to intrude where I am not wanted.' 'I thought you were busy, perhaps. Of course I wanted to see you,' said Delia, rising and holding out her hand. Rose stared for a moment as though she did not mean to take it ; then, with a toss of her pretty curled head, she gave Delia two fingers to shako and looked as pleased with herself as if she had dona something really clever. 'I suppose,' ehe said, seating herself with out asking her visitor to be seated, ' that you've come to make your last arrangements. You're going to leave Mr. Harcourt, are you not?' ' Rose !' 'Weil?' said Rose, turning coolly to her - husband when she heard this ejaculation, 'what now? Isn't it a fact ? She told me herself, and I suppose it's correct. Unless she's made it up with him since I saw you ; hava you, Delia':' ' No,' answered Delia, shrinking from the familiarity, and still more from the question ; 'no, I am going to leave him, as I said.' 'And 1 should like to know,' proceeded Rose, more impertinently than ever, ' wuat you think of doing next?' 'That was what I wanted to see my brother for ; I wished to consult him.' 'And have you consulted him, may I ask?* 'Rose!' said Dick, ' you have no business '. to ask these questions.' 'Oh, have I not. Isn't Delia my own sister in-law and did she not tell me that she would like to come and live with us? I should think it was my business — very much so, indeed. That was why I didn't inind her coming to see us this afternoon. It ain't everybody that . I should he so sweet about, let me tell you. . ; But I thought she had better come and see for herself the way in which Dick likes us to live. Then she could please herself as to whether she would join us in Newbury Buildings.' She laughed aloud, but her laugh was a dis agreeable one. Delia sat silent and abashed. Dick, standing up with a white face and eyes aflame, Would have spoken had Rose's shriller voice not overborne his own. ? ' You see what it is !' she Baid, indicating - V with a wave of her hand the bare walls, the scanty furniture, the uucarpeted floor. 'You see what he likes ! what lie wants me to pub up with ! How will you like this sort of life, ? Mrs. Cyprian Harcourt? This is all we can offer you, you know, aud I hope you will like - ? - it.' :; Delia raised her eyes to Rose's face for a ir' moment. 'If you loved my brother,' she ;'; said, ' I don't think that you would mind.' ' What difference would it make, I should ;£ like to know !' said Rose with a sneer. 'I've j got over all that baby nonsense about love. f| When he used to read 'poetry to me and lend '?:% me books, before we were married, I believed 'I in it then, right enough; and see what it's ?:% brought me to. I am older now ; I understand -| life a little better than I did. What's love '?Ji when you've got no money.' ' ? :4| She had risen and stood in the very middle. '?.-.:?% of the room ; a beautiful little fury, in her fine ' :*£ silk dress, flashing -wrath and indignation '$ around her. Dick folded his arms arid watched ; 3| her moodily. It occurred to Delia's mind that ;| he was accustomed to this sort of scene. But | he did not attempt to interrupt her. Perhaps | jie knew that it would be useless. Roto was a { person who would have her 'say. - : ?. ? -,'i 'What's loyef ^d^gn^ed, again, T^ ^ a stamp df her little foots 'WilT it- giVe you foojd'and drink and clothes:.?:. Will it give you » roof over your he$d:? Will it gl vejrou- enjoyi' mefifr in1 life 7 I thought when I married a KenUemsfh I1 inlgh'tftfe sure of- a fetf little' com forts ; at any rate, I didn't know he expected tne to work for jfcy own' living. A pretty gentleman, to let his wife earn her 'own bread because he's tiocf p'f&ud; tfo a&cdjHr; hitf- father's mbntiy- !? WHerels'rtie good- of love if it- brings you to begffaty?' , Y . . The brother and sister looked into each ©tiler's eves.- They atJ .least could understand each' other. Delia understood the ckuse of he- brother's' iinhap'pitfess1'; and he accepted- her eympatbyj-eveh whjle'it humiliated- him- 'He says npw,' Rose returned, drawing nearer to Delia and tfpeakitfg* in a lower, although emphatic tone, 'that he'll .starve BoonW than take his father's money. What' do yoti; think of th'trf?- Be- prefers1 this wretched room, these horrid' buildings;- this miserable life'; to hie father's splendid' palace out- ifi America, or wherever it is ? Wh'a*fc do you thittk of him? Why don't you' fell him He's* fool?' 'Because I do not think so,' said- Delia; speaking with a- quiet firmness1 Which- seemed new to her. 'Because I think that my brother is one of the best' and noblest men I ever knew, and that you ought to' be; proud of being his wife.' Hose burst into shriek after shriek of laughter, which had a strangely unnatural sound. ' Proud of him ! Proud- of a* man who bas just come outr of prison ! Look at his cropped hair ; look at his hands ! Why the' very boys in the street jeer at him I- Proud of a thief f Ha? ha, ha !' 'Rose !' said her husband suddenly, 'you go too far. Don't let me hear that expression again.' His voice was low but extremely stem. His face had grown white and his Iine3 were tehse with suppressed emotion. He had' for the moment a dangerous look and Rose felt that, as he had said,- she had- 'gone too far.' She changed her tactics instantly. She was a clever woman in her way and would have gained her point with any man who had not a will of iron and nerves of steel. No one in the old days would have guessed young Dick Van eittart to be the possessor of such nerves, of Biich a will. But the world about him had not known there what he really was ; the world perhaps would never know. Only Delia was beginning to realise that her brother was of a finer nature, a stronger individuality than other men. 'I'll never say it again; Dick,' she ex claimed, 'if you'll only be sensible at last ! Why can't you think of me a little, instead of yourself? I'm your wife; it's your duty to keep me and to make me happy and comfort able. And you could do it so easy, too. Just a word to your father and he'd give you thousands to spend as soon as look at you. He's quite willing to forget the past and be friends again ; he told me so.'* 'We htve argued- that point sufficiently, I think,'' said Dick. 'I do not mean- to take a penny from my father.' ' You mean to go on living like a drudge— a slave ?' ' I shall have to work, Rose. I will do my best to work for us both. Upon you only the care of the home— such as it is— will fall.' ' That is I'm to do all your scrubbing and washing and charing and cooking just as I did at that.old hag's where you a'nd I lodged. And is she'— with a nod towards Delia — 'to sit in an armchair and look on while I black her shoes ?' ' I am going to work for myself,' said Delia quietly. Rose threw up her hands with an exclama tion of disgust. ' A pretty pair of you,' she cried. ' Well, if you aren't mad I don't know what's the matter with you. There's one re fuses his father's money and the other throws offer a rich husband— just for all the world as if money was of no value whatever.' 'You see we think less of money than of loVe,' said Delia,- ' and of honesty and justice and uprightness.' Rose paused. She was panting 'with excite ment, and seemed at a less to find epithets opprobrious enough for the pair before her. While she paused a low knock came1 to the * door, which was immediately afterwards opened frbni without. Everyone turned instinc tively towards it and beheld Julius Vansit tart: ' You had better moderate your voices, good people,' he remarked pleasantly as he entered and removed his hat. 'I could hear my daughter-in-law from afar, and several persons on the stairs seemed to bo much interested in you* style of conversation. If we are going to discuss family affairs I should recommend a little more discretion.' k He seated himself and smiled paternally. 'Well, Delia— well, Dick/' he said. 'It's a long time since I have seen you together j let us hope it won't be our last meeting, my dears although it will be my last visit to this pleasant abode. I have come, Dick, to hear yoar decision.' {To he continued.) 