LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. George Moore's great novel — lor "Esther Waters" (Walter Scott) may fairly be'elassed ah such — has found Its way here again in a cheap but neatly-bound colonial edition, which Is stated to be the third. The refusal of Messrs. Smith and Sens to allow, this book a place on tholr bookstalls, and the consequent flood of London newspaper cor respondence concerning Its morale, are now matters of history. Philistinism, which ac cepts complacently, nay, eagerly, the latest details of a fashionable divorce case, or the most unblushing accounts, cither In fact or Action, of Senor Don Juan's gallant ex ploits In Mayfair boudoirs, held up Its hands In horror at a novel devoted to the sordid loves and griefs of the servants' hall. "Es ther Waters" Is not a classic, nor Is It a pretty piece of dilettante word-trifling. It is a stern, strong picture of the struggles of a London working girl to retrieve her gcod name after one falst step, and «.o bring up her child honorably. Each character touch, each scene, each Individual stands out against the sombre background with the clearness and decision of a picture by Ho garth or Rembrandt. Ye; there is no wal lowing in superfluous mire or avoidable mis ery. There are brlgn: touches, gleams of domestic happiness, utd-er unselfishness, and heroic devotion to duty, and through all the character of Esther, tried lu the fires of sorrow and tempta- ion, emerges, trium phant. but always humanly Interesting In Its loving woman's Inconsistency and rea soning unreasonableness. In days when we are turing out modi sere navels by the ton, a true work of art like "Esther Waters" is something to be grateful for. Our copy Is forwarded by Messrs. Angus and Robert son. . George Robertson and Co. send us several additions to Maomillan's Colonial Library, Rudyard Kipling's Works among them. Anil, because he is Kipling, and because the wine he pours us out is of the quality that needs no bush, we confess to a feeling that he should never be "rejuced," with Corp'rll Mulvanoy, to paper covers. Why, Mulvsney alone Is worth Russia leather and an "edition dc luxe." However, the mede3t green cloth of the M.C.L., also to hand, is the next ob tainable best thing. "Maureen's Fairing." by Jane Barlow (already noticed); "A Mo dern Man," by Ella Macmahon, the clever author of' "A Superfluous Woman," and "A Ringby Lass," by Mary Beaumont (the book contains four other stories) are eminently desirable additions to this series, which in cludes also Balzac's "Wild Ass's Sltln," "The Return of the Native," one of Thomas Hardy's very early novels, and Mrs. Lelth- Adams's story of English village life. "The Old Pastures." "A Sweet Disorder," by Norma Lorimer, is a promising effort of an evidently young writer. "Disturbing Ele ments," by Mabel Goodenough, and "The Courtship of Morrlce Buckler," by A. E. W. Mason, complete the "Macmillan" list, the lastnamed book "being a record of the growth of an English Gen tleman during the yearn 16S5-1GS7, under strange and difficult circumstances, writ ten some while afterwards in his own hand," This Is a good story of love and adventure, turning' upon a night duel and lt3 conse quences, and written with pleasing verve and spirit. But why will Mr. Mason call all bis stories romances? The "Wastdale Ro mance" was a very grim one. and even here there Is overmuch' fighting and general un pleasantness to make the name entirely suit able. Mr. Frankfort Moore, whose three excel lent novels, "Phlllis of Philistia," "They Call It Love," and "The Sale of a Soul," have led us to watch fcr his name with Interact, and expect from him great things, has dis appointed us iu his latest novel "Daireen," which appears in "Hutchinson's Colonial Library." Hl3 heroines, so far, have had something distinctive about them; some of the intelligence and grace of the "new woman," without any of the extrava gances that mark her more pronounced re presentatives. Their very faults, their Independence of thought, their delightful frankness, their changing moods, gave us a sense of the unexpected, and led us to watch every movemeut with close at tention. "Daireen" Is a sweet, innocent. Irish girl, but nothing more. She Is ono of the thousands of nicely behaved, well-groomed maidens we meet every day, and who make but a passing Impression on us— pleasant enough, but stereotyped. Still, the novel is much above the average; and some of the minor cbaracters are admirably drawn — the old Major, for Instance, whose wife takes charge of Daireen during a long sea voyage, the "decadent" poet, wlioso breakfast Is spoilt by the sight of a young lady in it blue frock and a pink ribbon, and the dilapidated old Irish landholder with a taste for strong waters, who is Immensely proud of bis birth, and signs his name in hotel registers, "Mncnamara, Prince of the Isles, Chief of Innishdcrmot and the Lakes, and King of Mun3ter," thereby pro voking sarcastic remarks from crushed proprietors not too sure of their money. The plot is somewhat feeble. After pages of low- breathed mystery, and two or three bad fainting fits, a wife in the background who drops her "It's" 13 prosaic. One ex pects a murder or two, and a ghost, at least. Still, the story is thoroughly read able. Frankfort Moore's Is not a "prentice hand. One of the successful novels of the week, forwarded by George Robertson and Co., la "The Things that Matter," by Francis Gribble (Heinemann's Colonial Library). Even the fact that the finale is sad, and the main tendency psychological, cannot detract from its fascination. It is a study of conjugal life, with its under- lying sorrows, misunderstandings, and complications, and speaks well for the au- thor's versatility. Mr. Gribble has made strides since he gave us "The Red Spell," and his departure from the old groove is more successful than that of many of his compeers.' "The Red Star," a military ro- mance, by the author of "Amabel," a late addition to the "Autonym" Library (Fish- er, Unwin), moves somewhat on the lines of "The Red Spell," but here the stirring scenes are laid In Russia and Poland, in the dawn of the present century, instead of having for background the stormy days of the French Commune. The general tone, and dainty, old-fashioned, somewhat elusive style of "In a Silent World," wherein a deaf and dumb girl of good social position tells the pathetic story of her Inner lite, reminds us ratlier of Miss Montressor, whose "The One Who Looked On" has been and is still very popular. But the author of "Views of English Society" (who does not choose to reveal herself by a more definite signa ture) Is not so, strong as Miss Montressor. Hutchinson and Co. publish. The latest of the "Nautilus" series, pub lished by Ward. Lock, and Bowden, is a iively, but rather Incoherent short story, "The Rajah's Sapphire," by M. P. Shlel. This stone, which Is supposed to bring mis fortune on all who have anything to do with It. does Its duty nobly until the end of the book, when It Is sent to be cut into mincemeat, and a great peace falls. The plot, Mr. Slilcls tells us, was supplied by Mr. Stead. The working out strikes 11s as careless. Such a plot, to be thoroughly (successful, needs strong and original drama tic treatment, and the word- painting of a Stevenson. Mr. Pett Ridge, a new writer, whose "Minor Dialogues," attracted con siderable attention In London, now contri butes to Hutchinson and Co.'s new "Lei sure Library," "The Second Opportunity of Mr. Stnplehurat." Here, without direct Imitation, the intluenco of Anstey, we fancy, Is apparent. There is a sort of transformation business worked out, as in "Vice Versa," but more vaguely. Mr. Sta- pleburst, feeling Ills youth going, expresses a wish to have it back again. He gains H Is wish, exchanging assured success and impaired digestion for youth, health, and poverty, only to drop' with unmixed satisfaction into the fdrty-and-ofid years stage a few months later. The tale Is brightly ' told, but lacks the decision, as well as the fun, of "Minor Dialogues." "The Beautiful White Devil," by Guy Boothby, published by .Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Is as full of tbrllllng adventure as "Dr. Nikola.", In one case we have a very dark hero, whose attendant sprite la a ma lignant looking cat of Inky blackness ; In the other, the snow-white heroine is pro tected by a big white bull dog. ' She scours the high seas In a yaeht built to order for piratical purposes, makes bad men come on board, and then kidnaps them until they sign enormous cheques, which Bhe gives to the poor on her "settlement," has spies and agents in every eastern port, assumes many disguises, experiences halr-brcadth escapes marvellous and manifold, and finally mar ries, like any ordinary Miss Smith, who mends the household linen and teaches in Sunday school. . Leaving , the world of fiction, we come upon a recently published eventful life re cord In the "Autobiography and Jour nals of Admiral Lord Clarence E. Pa get, G.C.B.," edited by his brother- in-law, the Right Hon. Sir Arthur Ot- way, Bart., and published by Messrs. Chapman and Hall. It Is not exactly a stir ring work, though It carries us through troublous times — the times of the bombard ment of Algiers, and the battle of Navarino. the Baltic campaign, and the Crimean war, touching by the way on the Austro-Itallan struggle, the Portuguese civil war, and many other historic upheavals, great and small. Lord Paget, neither' as naval commander nor as politician, could bo called brilliant; but he was a good, honest servant of Ills country and the Admiralty, a kind and conscientious ruler, and a man of pure and upright lite. Slow moving but steadfast, truthful, but prudent and non-committal, one can understand Disraeli's forceful but good-humored comment iu the House after some discussion on the Naval Estimates, which, after retirement from active service, Lord Clarence saw successfully through for seven consecutive sessions. ','It is difficult to discuss matters v/lth the noble lord, or to obtain information from him, because he does not answer our questions, but hitches his breeches, and tells us be Is a plain sea faring man." Tho chief attraction of the book lies in Its personal recollections of people, some long passed away, many atill amongst us; but nearly all bearing illustrious names, in the army, navy, and social world. Born In 1811 of a noble family, who hob- nobbed with kings, and travelled across' continents en prince, Admiral Paget had every facility for gather ing together, during his long and active life of 84 years, stores of varied and pleasant gossip. Not tl.at he condescends to gossip in the ordinary fashion. Everything that a severe use of the prunliig- ltnife has left Intact is set down with the simple, unvarnished precision of a sailor's log-book: "We touched at Corfu," we read, "and there learnt that Byron was lying dead at Missolonghi, deserted by his PaltKari, and without a covering to his body. Hastened off there, and on arrival found It was too true. There he lay, having been robbed of clothes, arms, money, and even the little furniture In his room. The carpenter made a coffin, and his remains were taken in a country boat to Zante, and thence shipped to England." The writer describes a jour ney to Paris, when London doctors had des paired of his life, In an old luxurious bed- travelling carriage, lent by William IV. to his father for the occasion; and his com plete cure under the famous doctor. Hahne mann, "a little wizened old man of 70, not more than five feet high, with a splendid head, and bent double," looking like a ne cromancer. Ho tells how he brought Prince Albert to Dover in H.M.S. Firebrand, when he landed In England for ills marriage, and how the "poor Princo" was so sea-sick that he upset all the first arrangements for his landing in state. Then v.-e get a glimpse at the home lite of the young queen, for, "my sister. Lady Sandwich, was one of the ladlea of tho Court then in waiting. She had a lovely voice, and used to sing duets with her Majesty, which ' sometimes were varied by trios and quartettes, lu which Lord Ossul- ston and I took part. After the marriage the Prince, with his great musical talents, was her Majesty's chief accompanist." Even the great naval engagements in which Lord Paget tcok part are treated in the same neutral, matter-of-fact, unostentatious fashion — a fashion which somehow has a charm of its own, and reveals the personali ty of tho man better than any forced at tempt at polished or literary style could do. There are several illustra tions; two, "An evening at Uxbridge l-Iouse, 1840," with the Duke of Wellington and the Marquis of Anglesey in the foreground, and "Sailors, past and present," sketched for tho drawing club at Malta, being by the au thor himself. The work is a recent addi tion to Messrs. Angus and Robertson's Syd ney Book Club. At- the present moment Mr. Stuart Cum berland's new book, "What I think of South Africa, it3 People, and Its Polities" (Cliapmin and Hall), will Interest many readers, especially as the author speaks with the authority that long years of residence in Africa gives him, and speaks In an easy, fluent, popular tongue. "What I think of South Africa" is not a great li terary achievement, a carefiil historical survey, nor a political treatise. It is a scries of bright, entertaining sketches, any one of which might find a place In the columns of a great dally, and bo read with pleasure by all classes. There is an introductory chapter, v.-berein the newly-awakened Interest I11 the Dark Continent Is picturesquely treated, fol lowed by chapters on Capetown and ICImberley, studies of Mr. Cecil Rhodes, Dr. Jameson, and President Kruger (with portraits), descriptions of the Boers as a class, and Capetown society a3 compared with that of Jobannesberg. Capetown is not lively, taking It all round, but that, Mr. Stuart considers, is because tho trail of the Dutch Is everywhere, and the creme de la creme of Capetown society Is very Dutch indeed, old-fasliloncd, straight-laced, heavy, and un- aesthetic. It is kindly and hospitable, too, but the kindness is tem pered by a certain economy and reserve. The writer speaks highly of Mr. Cecil Rhodes, both as an administrator and U3 a man, enthusiastically of Dr. Jameson, but with more than reserve of President Kru ger, whose heavy, vulgar face, with puffy eyes and soured expression, has certainly little In It to attract the outsider. Nor, it would seem, do the man's mental gifts account for his prominent position. "It is an age of Grand Old Men," saj's Mr. Stuart, "and there is no country without one. Mr. Gladstone Is the G.O.M. of Eng land, Bismarck the G.O.M. of Germany, Spain's Is Sagasta, Italy's Is Crlspl, Aus tralia's Is Sir Henry Parkes, and Boer- land's Is Kruger. I have met most of the world's G.O.M., and tlicy have, one and all, been truly great, but It remained until I had the honor of meeting Oom Paul for me to discover that Boerland's Grand Old Man had nothing In common with their greatness. Since that time I have been trying to discover boxy Paul Kruger arrived at the position lie holds, and how he be came tho power In the land that I10 un doubtedly Is." i Among several miscellaneous works for warded by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, of which notice must be reserved, there are two shilling handbooks on speciad subjects. "Tho Chess Openings," by I. Gunsberg, be longing to the "Club Scries," published by George Bell and Sons, gives, In addition to explanations of all tho known openings, several variations which have occurred In actual play between ehe3s masters. Tho other little work, by. Arthur Brunei Chat- wood, is a slmplo account, as free from scientific technicalities as It Is passible to make It, of Professor Rontgen's late dis covery of a light capable of penetrating al most all substance. "The Now Photo graphy" (Downey and Co.) has 20 good Illus trations. 