LEGISLATIVE COTOOIL. HANSARD REPORT. Wednesday, September !». The President -cho Hon. Sir K. G. Baker) took the Ciiair at 2 o'clock. THE INSPECTOR-GENERAL OF SCHOOLS. The CHIEF SLCKliTARY (the Hon. J. V. U'Lojjhlin) said that as the members would like to know he took thu earliest opportunity of statkig- that the condition of Mr. Hartley had very much improved, lie b;ul regained conscwnVnesa, and had had a natural sleep. The Minister of Education had informed him that his condition was continually improving. CATHOLIC CHURCH ENDOWMENT SOCIETY (PRIVATE) BILL. The Hon. J. WAitREX presented a peti tion from three persons. Trustees of the Catho lic Church Endowment Society, praying the Council to paos a private Bill enabling them to dispose of certain lands and apply tho pro reeds to the payment of the debts of the Society or Church. He moved— 'That the petition he receive! and read.' Carried. The petition bavintr lieen read. The Hon. J. WARKEX moved for leave to introduce the B0L Carried. Bill introduced ; first reading car ried ; tecond reading, Wednesday, September 1«. HOUSE SURGEOXS OF TEE HOSPITAL. The Hon. F. BASEDOW asked if the Chief Secretary would lay a copy of the letter of resignation from tho House Surgeons of the Adelaide Hospital on tho tabte. The CHIEF SECRETARY said he had not received the letter, and he could nut give an answer imril he had seen it. THE MARCvE BOARD AND ?NAVIGA- TION' ACT. The Hon. W. GUTHRIE asked tho Chief Setretaet— '1. Have any foreign ships cleared outwards from South Australiau ports since the coming into operation of the Marine Board and Navigation Act Amendment Act, 1S94 ; if so, of what nationalities? '2. Have any turners of ships, other than owners of British ship.*, complied with section 4, Marim; Board and Navigation Act, 1SJM? li. Has the Governor dccLinid that any enactment passed by any other British possession is equally effective with tho provisions of the South Aiistmlian Statute for ascertaining and determining the maximum load-lines to which ships can be nfely loaded ; if so, v.-hat aro tho British possession.*! 4. Hare the Marine .Board certified that the laws aud regulations tit any foreign State with respect to over loading and improper loading arc equally effective with the provisions of the Marine Board and Navigation Act Amcudment Act, 1804 : if so, what arc the foreign Statia?' The CHIEF SECRETARY replied :-l. Ye*. American, Norwegian, and German. 2\. No. 3. No. Necessary information not vet obtained. 4. No; laws and regulations jf Foreign States not yet having been ascer tained. The information, however, has been sought. HAYCRAFT'S GOLD-EXTRACTING PROCESS. The Hon. J. WARREN called tho atten tion of tb-: Chief Secretary to that part of the speech of the Hon. F. Bsscdow, delivered on August 1J), rcferrinc to the gold-extracting process known aa Haycraft'j, aad asked— 1. Have the Government enquired into the Hav craft process; and if not. why not? 2. Is 'it . their intention to make snch an euquiry before procetidiug to erect cyanido works? The CHIEF SECRETARY replied :-l and _'. The enquiry has been made POLLING- PLACE AT HOOKINA. Tho Hon. J. G. BICE moved--' That an address he prcsent-.td to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to issue a {irorhiniatiou declaring Hookina a polling place for the electoral district of Newcastle.' There iw no opposition to the motion, which was rerommended by the Government, and it would Ite a convenience to a large settled agricultural aud grazing population. Thoso jjL-oplp had few f.iciliti-»r, aud they . should give them every facility for making it easy to record their von*. The CHIEF SECRETARY' ycconded the motion, which had been carried in the Assembly. Thu Government were desirous of Riving every facility to pur&ous; in the outside district? to record their votes. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING did not opposo the motion, Iiut it \vaa a farce to a.--k the Council to pass a motion for a polling-place when they did not know thu claim the place had. Thft Chief Secretary or the member in charge might have fir en aoiuo information as tu the number of electors likclv to jk-I1 at the booth, and he LcliV-vctl it was the t13u.1l thing for a report from tua Rvturning Officer of sho district or the chief Returning Officer to be l.iid before thu Uoilsc. The Council should insist upon bavins; the information. Tho Hon. J. H. GORDON agreed with Mr. Stirling. The custom had always uceu to bring down th« reports, aud although th* motion inight he a proper one tu curry it was a had precedent to do *o without the informa tion. He would vote against the proposition unless the information was forthcoming or a satisfactory reason for its ab.-?nce was given. Thu Chief Secretary mu.-t have some reason for not producing the retwrt^. Tho Hon.' J. J. JDUNCAN secured the adjournment of the debate till September Hi. POLLING-PLACE AT WYACCA. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON moved— 'That an address be presented t.- His E\ia?Houcy the Governor praying- H13 Excellency to issne .1 proclamation declaring Wyacca a polling place for ths electoral district of 2-ewca3tle.' The plaw v.-as twentv-two mi!i« from the nearest pollinc-phce. which was Quoni, and it had Iwen petitioned for by fifty elector.*. The motion had parsed tho Assembly, and there was no opposition to it. The CHIEF SSCRFrARY secured the adjournment of tlie debate till Septemlwr 10. AJIENDMENT OF ENACTING CLAUSES. The Hon. J. L. STf RLING moved—1' That it bean in4tnictio:: to iho C!;:iivmau of Com mittees that iu tin* m.-u of BilLi retwived from tho House of A'£K?m1-!y where in the word.i of enactment tho w«wi * ParliauiPiit' is used in place of the word* 'Lfsishtive Council and House of Aam.'uiIjIv i-f tho snid province in this pr&icnt; I'ar'irttr.eiit a-«-:u')lcd. thst ho do correct the words of ..?uactuiur.t *j as to agree with th« e&tabUahud; form of i-nuotnicnt.' The taotion might \\*.' trv-itcd pretty well ai a formal ono, having bswn the. j-ubjeut of a long dotiate two weeks a$o, when the Council by :i majority of II to !? decided that reason had nut b-.-cn shown for cfcpartin-r from iho established ru*tom in ths enacting clauses of a Bill. As til': I'tL'-idi'iit had ponitci o:it. it was unusual fur-tit:.- Council to consider th-- enacting clauses of n Bill, and th-.- preccdure ncci-slary was th? one of moving an instruction to the Chair rjr.a to .-Jtcr th« JJill. It «euv;.1 to him ro be ^?mew'i it unseemly to attv:n^t to pass through t!ie Cxiuoil aju»thr?r Bill with thf- altered form when the matter had not V*sc:i d: ? :u.-«.ed in another phve. Thity hx\ :i ^.-rfp t rijht to expect thar the opinions of th-» fuun il w-iuld have sonn« wc-isht uutil th-.-y wtTa rcvitrynl, .-nd the Council rould only reai.-.iii iiriii tu its deciVion by carrying tho motion. There was reason to believe that the form adopted in the piat was the subject of :i doiKilcin Parliament, and wss arrivttl at by l'arliaii:;-iir:ir«- ilivi^i'in, and it was only fit and prnj-:-r that tho d^Uton should stomi r.ntil it wa« alterol by ?WUi.m -.f Parliament. . Tho CHIEF NECItKTAKY lmpod that thn Council wo«ild nm.^idtT tho matter again, nud come to a diifcrent decision. It vras carried after consiiltrmMa delate in a rather thin hor.se. when .'ovi-r.i! nn-:nlxT* were away, and lion. incmlKTs did not fully digest the roasnn* advanced. It \r.xs a matter that re quir.f! no claUuMtc ar^nment nor involved inventigation .is to the r-.\u-ms which induced thu (!ov«!r:itnrnt to make tho cliRiice. Tlic now forru wa.s in a'.-i-.rilanci» with the Constitu tion Act. which !*:t:.l that tin- Assembly and the Legislativf C'oiimil slmuld lw called the Parliament of South Australia, lie admitted tthat the now departure should haxo been ex plained whea the Bill was iatrcducsd in tho Assembly, and also in the Council ; bat now members were in possession of all tho facts, and they knew why the altera tion had bssu made. He asked the Council not to bo nnrcasouablc. If there was a more proper form, why should it not bo adopted. List time the matter was debated there was a lot cf extraneous matter introduced, and pro bably hon. members, in the heat of debate, might have been influenced by the foreign matter, and be asked them to reconsider their decisiou. It should be sufficiently valid for them to follow tho Constitution Act. The Hon. J. H. GORDON supported the view taken by the Chief Secretary. It was a great mistake to raiso points about the prece dence of the Houses when there was nothing in the question. Looking at it from a consti tutional and scientific drat tsraauship point of view, the new form was neater, more concise, and more correct. The change did not imply a loss of precedence, becauso they were a corporate Parliament. It was the Parlia ment that enacted, and if they looked at the Constitution Act they would seo that tbo only time there was a reference to the enacting power the expres sion Parliament was used. It was more correct. Section 34 of the Constitution Act said— 'The said Parliament shall have full power and authority from time to time by any Act to repeal, alter, or vary all or any of the provisions of this Act,' and as tho greater included the less the Council was included. (The Eon. Sir E. T. Smith — 'Why alter the custom?') Tho new practice would be followed in the future. The new form was moro correct and precise. If he thought it was an attempt to endanger the privileges of the Council he would go with Mr. Stirling, but he did not think it was. It was a great mistake to be always raising bogies, and imagining that some attack was being inado on the Council. The Hon. F. BASEDOW said the 'bogie' had not been raised by the Council. Attention had been called to the alteration, and the question was asked why it had taken place. As no satisfactory reason for it had been given the Council had gone further in the matter. It was disrespectful to the Council for the Government to have since brought forward other Bills with tho samo alteration in them. He did not thiuk there was very much in the alteration, and if tho Council had been con sulted in the first case probably nothing would havo been said atRmt it. It was, however, now duo to the dignity of the Council that Mr. Stirling should bo supported. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON said not a singlo member had been frightened by the bogie. The Council had protested against tho alteration having been made without their being acquainted with the intention of the Government by the Chief Secretary, or being assured that the alteration would be made in the future in every case. As to tho . word ing itself, it was only a question of form. The word 'Parliament' embraced both Houses. He never imagined that there was any attack on tho privileges of the Council, but liaving protested ns they had they wcro now in duty bound to stand by their deci sion until the Government had given some reason for the change or an aasuranco that tho change was to be a permanent one. The Hon. J. G. BICE thought it would be tatter to wait till the Assembly had considered tho point. Mr. Ward, when he spoke for three-quarters of an hour on a previous occa sion, held up a 'bogie,' which ho believed had influenced mcmljcrs. A majority of tho Council had made a certain protest, which had not yet Ixien considered. Ho bcHoved that the two Bills that had since, come up were probably drafted before that protest was made. The Hon. A. A. KIRKPATRiCK said the ljogic referred to had been raised by Messrs. Ward, Stirling, Duncan, and Warron. (The Hon. E. \Vard— 'Tt is not a bogie.'} It was admitted that Mr. Ward raised the bogie. Mr. Stirling said — 'There were underlying circumstances which made niembsrs suspicious.' (Mr. Duncan— ' Ho attached a good deal of importance to tho dignity of i\\\c. Council, and believed there was an attempt to discount its position.') Mr. Warren said— 'There must be something behind all this.'* Throe cn*cs, and yet some members said they did not remember any bogie of thu kind being raised. Whatever doubt and suspicions might havo existed ir. tho minds of members should have been dis pelled by what had been said by the Chief bacrctary and Mr. Gordon. Tho Chief Secretary had admitted thnt it would have been better if thealtcration had been explained. Would not the liouso of Assembly havo just as much riqht to object to the alteration as the Council had? (The Hon. D. M. Charleston —'Certainly.') Then whydttl not they? (The Hon. A. R. Addison— '' They did not notice it.') They had enough to look after now without running iuto more trouble. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL said respect would hi manifested on the part of each House and on the part of the Government towards thu Legislative Council. The Council expressed its opinion ou tho matter, and that opinion thu Government now had. Since it was expressed two Bills bad been introduced containing the same clause. That showed no respect on the part of thu Government to the opinions of the Council. The matter was of no great importance after all, o.« was ad rait ted by the Government' and the House, »-» v.-hy should not the Government show that it was not of great importance and resriect the opinion of the Council? The Council would stultify itieit if it did not support Mr. Stir linp. Tho Hon. A. R. ADDISON said the grounds on which they argued on a previous occasion were thnt that tho Government had not told the House of the change, and had not assured them that they v.-crc going to bring down all Bill-' similarly treated in the future. It was very inconsiderate on the part of the Govern ment, after the expression of opinion by the Council, to bring down another Bill, before the question was finally .settled, iu the same words to which iho Council had objecrod by. a wry larjo majority. He did not agroc with Mr. Gordon. If it was thought necessary to bring down Bills in this form it was also necessary that tho Constitution Act should ba altered. There were several clause* in that Act which repeatedly mentioned tho two Houses. To bo consistent that should be altered to tho word 'Parliament.'' He ob jected to the word Governor being nscd in tho form. They should make- a good alteration and uso the name of Tier Majesty. Ho did not kno;v how the word Governor got there. Tho Governor was nothing if ho did not represent Her Majesty. (Tho Chief Secre tary— 'The Imperial Act states the Governor —that is thu reason.') Then the Imperial Act was wrong. The other colonies, except New Zealand, used the form ho advocated, and New Zealand was not ait example to be always followed. He doubted whether any member in the other Chamber noticed the alteration, in fact, probably no Minister, except . the Premier, was aware of it. Several members of the Assembly to whom ho had spoken knew uothin^ of the alteration. Perhaps on such a small matter they should not fight the Assembly. ? , Tho Hon. E. WARD moved the adjourn ment of the debate. The PRESIDENT— I wouM like to point out that k Bill is coming on this afternoon— the Municipal Corporation* Bill — in which this form of enactment appears, and it cannot be altered without contingent notice of motion being given. ? Tho motion wax declared negatived. The Hon. E. WARD called for a division, which resulted thns:— Atr*, 3.— Hoiw. J. Darling, J. n. Gordon, W. H.i»lam. A. A. Kirkpatrick, W. Uwwcll, G. McGregor, J. V. O'Loghlin, and E. Ward (teller). . Noes, 14.— Hons. If. Adams, A. R. Addison. F. Bascdow, J. G. Biee, Dr. Campbell, D. M. Charleston, J. J. Duncan. U. It. Fuller, R. S. Outline, .1. Martin. Sir K. T. Smith, A. L. Stirling. J. Warren, and W. A. Robin son l teller). Majority of 6 for tho Noes. The Hon. E. WARD said he had been entirely taken by surprise by the motion, as owiap to attention to either public business Tie did riot know a question of such importance was on tho Paper. There was, he thought, some impropriety: at tho timoa difference of opinion had arisen between the Council and the draughtsman of certain Bills— there was not a crisis between the two Houses, as the Premier was not yet tho House of Assembly— iu adopting tho action proposed bv Mr. Stirling. The message from the Council altering the enacting clauso of a Bill had not been considered in the Assembly, therefore the Council should wait for the decision or the Assembly before taking further action. He regretted that he had not bad the opportunity beforehand of placing this aspect of . the ?natter before Mr. Stirling. He would not go into the wholo question, because the battle ground had not been properly chosen. The proper ground would be if the Assembly refused to give way to the Council on the amendment alrcadv mado; he hoped they would not. ° The Hon. W. *A. ROBINSON had voted against adjournment, so that tho views of members might be heard. Having heard Mr. Ward he might vote otherwise now. As a matter of fact Mr. Gordon bad laid, and tha Chief Secretary had buried, the ghost which Mr. Duncan had raised. Mr. .Ward, who was an adept at saying much and meaning little, had in an impassioned speech earned the Council away with him tho other day when he and another member who would have voted against Mr. Ward were away ; but now in a full House tbey might have an expression of opinion. \ ? Tho Hon. J. J. DC7NCAN said he would have voted for adjournment but for the ruling of the President. Ho gathered that the inotiou would settle the nutter, and that it would apply to . all Bills, and prevent a dis cussion ou every Bill that came up. If the alteration only applied to one Bill they could wait until they saw what action the Assembly would take, but it applied to the largo propor tion of Bills, especially those prepared by tho Premier. Was it not better to settle the matter once and for all? They might wait for months before they found what the Assembly would do, and what would tbey do in the meantime? (Tho Hon. E. Ward—' Make the amendment in each Bill.') And have tho discussion on every Bill. If any members wcro going to change their views let them say p at once. (The Chief Secretary— ' Wo will have to discuss tho matter when tho Bill comes back from the Assembly.'') They could settle tho matter for the rest of the Bills at once. Ho did not attach much importance to the alteration because Parliament meant both Houses, but since the establishment of responsible government Bilb had always been introduced in the old form. Lately a Bill was introduced in an altered form, and the Council naturally insisted upon having a reason for it. (The Chief Secretary — ' You have had tit.') The Chief Secretary had only told them be was sorry ho had not given tho explanation. (The Chief Secretary—' I said it was in accor dance with the Constitution Act.') Was it? In tho Act tho two Houses were separately mentioned. ' (The Chief Secretary — 'Not when they ara mentioned collectively.') The truth was that upon all hands, particularly by the Government, there was a desire to destroy any precedence the Legislative Council at present held; and to bring it to tho same plane as the Assembly, and when tho alteration was raado they could not put any other construc tion than that it was done to give effect to tho utterances outside. Mr. Gordon had asked what was tho object of the change. That was what tho Council wanted to get at. Why was the name of the Legislative Council omitted? (The Chief Secretary— 'The Houso of As sembly is omitted.') If the present mode was in accordance with tho Constitution Act then all the Acts pissed since responsible govern ment was instituted had not been in ac cordancu with the Constitution Act, aud ho supposed tho next thing would bo to bring in a Bill to validate them. It was a distinct departure from old practice, and they were naked to niako it simply becauso it was proposed by the Government. They had been previously asked to vote for a motion without any reason being advanced for it. Uuless some very good reason was shown for tho change he would not support it. The Hon. W. RUSSELL .secured the ad journment of the debate until Tuesday, Sep tember 15. : .-?'..' ELECTION EXPENSES. Adjourned debate on tho motion of the Hon. W. -Russell—' That a- return be laid upon tho table of this Council showing the election expenses of tho various candidates at tho late elections for the House of Assembly.' to which the Hon. Mr. Stirling had moved'an amendment — 'To leave out all the words after second word ' the,1 with a view to add to the qmstion ' names of any candidates at tho late elections for the House of Assembly who have not furnished returns of election expenses in compliance with section it of Act 533 of IS*?.'*' The Hon. J. MARTIN said the question was not of much importance, aud he did not care whether it was curried or not. Ho could not «co why they should worry about matters about which tho majority of people did not care anything, lie had moved the adjourn ment a* a- protest against the Chief Secretary proceeding with tho business a foryiight previously, when there had been an under standing that only formal business would bs taken. (Jpou that understanding he did not attend the Council the next Tuesday, because it was understood that the only business would b-s to enable tho Chief Secretary to bring iu the Rcnmark Bill, but tho Chief Secretary did not abide by that understanding, but when he had his supporters present he g:ivt in to them. Other hon. members had gone away thinking the House would not meet. Next' day he moved the adjournment of the debate as a protest. Why should they take up matters which had been rejected by tha Assembly and only to satisfy tho cnrio«itv of a few people' (The Hon. W. Russell'- 'The Press wanted it.') They were legislating for tho bene fit of the country and not of tho Pres.-. At .the lut election for tho Coun cil the Press had published the expsn es. Ho did not care personally whether the Press published the expenses or not. The Act was quito liberal enough to allow men to spend all tbey needed to. aud a littlo niore. He was surprised that his expenses at his election were so much greater than thosa of other candi dates, some of whom, he thought, had cut them very fine. His were compamtively large, but he thought he had been verv careful. The public did not care much 'whether returns wero pnblished or not. Some people used tho returns to raise irritation about men who had more money, or spent nionev more liberally than others in election campaigns. No two men could run an election ou the same expenses. If Sir Edwin Smith and Mr. McGregor tried to do so, one would bo accused of extravagance and the other of parsimony, and neither would please. One or the other would be at a disadvantage. He would vow against the motion. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON thought the arguments advanced against the motion should causfl memtors to vote for it. f the Act was to be of any value at all the returns should lx- published. That disposed of tha Chief Secretary's and Mr. Martin's arguments. To pay 2s. each for inspecting tho returns would cost anybody about £13— tar too much. It was intended when the Act was passed th*t tho returns should be published. It was a question in which the electors were concerned, and they should not bo influenced by the argu ment that as the matter had been decided ag.iinst liy the House of Assembly they should not move in it. They had been told tliat there was only a Parliament, and not two Houses. Then they Iim) as much right to ask for information an members of the Assembly had. The Uon. D. M. CHARLESTON said after one election the returns were published, and canned much interest, but after the last one they were not all sent in, nor published. They had put too much power in the hands of the Government in allowing them the sole looking After of the Act. Under tho present .unsatis f act or v system the Government could shield their friends or penalize their opponent*. The Hon. U. ADAMS had cither to sup port Mr.' Russell or wink at the fact tint an Act'of Parliament had beea ignored, and that that ignoring had been dono with the know ledgo of the Government. It was tho inten tion of the Act of 1893 that returns should be furnished, but lie had found that some for the lute election had not been sent in, and that tho Govenment knew it.; The intention of tho Act was to prevent corruption, and men with large amounts of money had a great advantage over candidates who had hot 'so much wealth at command. There was a severe penalty provided by tho Act for any candidate who sent in a false return, but it was unlikely that a man would run that risk when ho could simply cvado the furnishing of a return altogether. The Act became a force As to the argumont of tho Chief Secretary that the motion would override tho Act, the inspection could not have taken placo within tho three months specified by the Act, since certain returns had not been sent. in. Mr. Russell was perfectly in order in submitting a motion, seeing that tho time had now elapsed. It was tho duty of tho Government to see that the Act was complied with, and when the Government failed to do their . duty it was incumbent on the Parliament ' to niovo in the - matter. It liad been argued that the Council should not touch tho matter, as it- was 0110' which only affected members of the Assembly, but tho Act had not been framed for members of Parlia ment, but in tho interests of tho public, to lot them seo bow seats were obtained, and tho first schedule showed how the jnoney should be spent aud the limit set. The Vaccination Act was not framed in the interests of tho children to Ixs vaccinated so much as in tho interests of the whole of the people, and candi dates had no moro right to refuse to send in returns under this Act than parents had to refuso to havo their children vaccinated. Tho Education Act applied in a similar way. The Act had been admitted to bo a good one, and when it was administered properly it had had beneficial results. Members of tbo party of ' law and order' should sco tho necessity of adhering to a motion which uphold a law passed by the Parliament of South Australia. If the Act was wrong it should be amended or wiped out aUogcthcr, but it should not bo allowed to remain a dead letter. \- Tho Hon. H. R. FULLER had been at first inclined to snpport the motion, but the argu ments of the mover for it had not pleased him at all. The mover often seemed to have a great fund of information, but ho had not shown it in this direction. Mr. Russell had said ho wonld pay the papers to publish tho returns if they would not do so voluntarily, but . tho colony should not be burdened with that expense, as country papers would bo just as much entitled to the advertisements as tho city papers. Mr. Russell in tho course of his speech had said:— 'Reference had been made— perhaps cruelly— to the election expenses of certain members of tho Council returned at the last election. Was it not just possible that there wero many members returned to the other Hou3e who wero exactly ou a par in that matter with them?' It was evident that somebody's curiosity had fo.be satisfied, but the return would not show tho receipts of can didates. If tho amendment was carried Mr. Russell would find that Messrs. Hancock and Tucker had not tiled rctnrns. Mr. Tucker made no secret of noc having, done so, becauso ho was not iu a position to honestly declare that any statement hn furnished contained a true account of his expenses, and be would rather pay tho fino than, furnish a return which was not accurate. ' Tha Hon. J. J. DUNCAN said if the Act had been broken Mr. Stirling's amend ment would give members the information they sought in that direction, and he would support it. As to the other part of tho ques tion, it affected members of the Assembly, and tho .Assembly had deliberately decided that tho information should not be given. If the Council passed the motion which House would tho Government follow — tho ono with whoso decision it approved, or the one with whoso action it disapproved? They would probably follow the Assembly. (The lion. W. Russell— 'What about tho dignity of the Council?') Doubting as he did whether tho Government would - tako any notice of the Couucil. ho would opposo the motion, because ho did uot want tho Couucil to be placed in tho humiliating position of re ceiving a slap in the faeo from tho Govern ment. Ho did not supposo tiny candidate had furnished a return showiug that ho had spent moro than tho maximum amount allowed. What did it matter to Parliament or the public how much they had spent so long as it did not exceed tho maximum? Tho return would only pandor to idlo curoisity, and would uot bo worth 2Jd. There was. another little point that was rathnr contradictory. It was is-crtcd that some candidates had not furnished returns ; how then could the Govern ment giro information they had not got? After tho decision of tho Assembly the Govern ment had acted consistently in opposing the motion. ? ? ' The PRESIDENT— I would point out that if a motion is carried in this House ordering tho Government to lay on tho table certain papers tho Government will have to obey it. The Hon. F. BASEDOW said as long as an Act was on thu Statute-book it should bo observed, and tho Government had neglected it by not fining candidates who had not. fur nished returns. ° Ho agreed that tho' Council should be careful to avoid collision with tho Assembly, and the motion might 1m altered to leave out 'House of Assembly.' If Mr. Stirling would withdraw his amendment ho would movo to amend the motion by striking Dut all tho tho words after 'shawing,' with tho view of inserting ' what infringements, if any, of the Electoral Amendment Act of 1SU3 with regard to the rendering of certain state ments in refcrenco to electoral expenses by Parliamentary Candidates havo occurred since the said Act has come into force.' The Council had a right to know if any particular Act had liccn infringed at any time. : Tho Hon. J. L. STIRLING withdrew his amendment. . The Hon. Dr. MAGAREY thought Mr. Bascdow's amendment would oecuro what Mr. Russell really desired. : Members should know what infringements of tho Act had been. He did not agrco with Mr. Duncan that tbo Coun cil would be humiliated by asking for informa tion about these returns. At lirst he thought he would bupport the motion, but when ho considered thnt tho Assembly, which was most concerned, had ' decided not to havo tho information published ho was inclined to think differently. When ho thought about it he considered it was tho only way they had to prevent abuses. Suppose a majority of one Ilousu was prepared to condone a flagrant offence against an Act; if they followed tho argument of Mr. Duncan tho other House had no remedy. [The Hon. J. J. Duncan— 'This is a trumpery matter.') It was not a trumpery thing fornn Act to be violated with tho connivance of the Cruvcrnment. Tho Government should have nccn that the Act was enforced. Thu majority in the otbor House had been secured by the votes of tho Government, who might havo itsed it as au opportunity to cover tho fact that there hud been a derelictiou of duty by tho Government.' It was not wise to force Miy collision with tho other House. Mr. Basodow's motion would do this, and secure ill that Mr. BumcU desired. : Tho Hon. J. WARREN thought that the Act should be carried out. It was tho duty of the Government to do so, and if people nud not complied with the provisions they should be exposed. Ho could not sco why the Government had opposed tho motion. H-j hoped Mr. Russell would accept the amend ment. The Assembly could not object to the Council trying to eiiforco the law. It was not likely to be a quarrel, and if there was the Council should not.be afraid of doing their duty because there might be a difficulty. He hoped the amendment would be carried, and if not he would support the motion. Tho CHIEF SECRETARYsaid when mem Iwrsliadnothingelsetotalkaboutthcyabusodthe government, and ho hoped they wcro satisfied lftcr they had had their ning. Had any member ihowii that the Government had controverted my of the provisions of tho Act, or was there xny provision that tho Government should Uke »nv action? The provisions wero for returns :obu made to enabio interested persons to sec them and tako action if necessary. Tho Go i-ernraent had not ncgloctcd their duty. They liad upheld the law. . There was a period in ivhich those returns wero open for inspection, ind that period bad passed. He admitted that :he Act was defective, becauso it should pro iido that the returns should he published, aud it would be a good thing for the Government to ?oiu.ider whether it should uot be amended. Fo publish tho returns three months after they rind Iweu filed was an infringement of the Act. l'ho Act provided for three months, aud if auy ither penod had been intended it would have besu provided for. Clause 20 of the Act stated:— 'No person shall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture hereby enacted or im posed 'unless some prosecution or proceeding ihall be commenced against such person within threo mouths after tho date of tho elec tion in respect to which such offence ?hall be committed, and unless sueh person shall bo summoned or otherwise icryod with process within such time.' U'ith reference to tho decision in another place. 10 objected to the way members distorted the lino of argument he used. Ho never said that if tho Assembly negatived a proposition tho Council should not tako a different position. vVhat ho did say was that the particular inotion referred to' the Assembly, and he urged it would hardly, lie courteous, after thu Assom L»ly had negatived a motion giving certain publicity to a matter in which they wero par ticularly iutercsted, for the Council to decide that it should bo published. That was a fair course to take. Suppose tlie case was reversed, ind the Council had negatived a similar reso lution, and the Assembly immediately after wards carried it; the' Council would feel aggrieved. He trusted the motion would not bo carried, and he hojwd the Government ivould take an early opportunity to amend the Act so that tlm returns fhould bo published. The Hon. W. RUSSELL said he did uot iften move a motion, 'and now he found ho had to fight against his best friends. Surely the Chief Secretary did not recognise him aa in opponent of the Government. If the Chief Secretary bad been a private member bs would / '/ . ??*? .-?..' .. have Toted for the motion. It was amusing when the motion was discussed to see tho Chief Secretary go to Mr. Stirling arid the other Op position membcrs^and appeal to - ' them' fot support. Ho was astonished at tho action of those members, especially in regard, to the dignity of tho Council. Mr. Duncan had pre viously said that the Government and tho Assembly wanted to drag them down, and on the present motion he practically said that they should go down before:' tho Assembly. Mr. Martin suggested motives for tho matter being called on a fortnight ago, but a majority of members liad decided that there wan no under standing to take only formal business. When asked ho readily- consented to an adjournment. Ho was delighted to have the warm support of a leading Conservative iu his honourable friend Mr. Ward. He was astonished at Mr. Stirling expecting him to sup port his amendment. It , would have been better for Mr. Stirling to have simply said ho would vote against the motion. It was far from his iutentiou to bring about conflict between tho two nouses. Tho Government could not afford to rjlav fast and loose in the matter, as the Council hod constitutional rights and privileges which it could assert Tho Government should administer the Act as it should bo administered. Why was action not taken to punish those who had not com plied with its requirements? Was there some thing behind tho scene? . Mr. Fuller had sug gested that it was Mr. Charles Tucker who was concerned. Why should a distinction be made if it was? He should bo treated like one of themselves. Let tho Government do its duty or resign. Was tho fact that tho Mayor of Adelaide was concerned ono of the reasons why tho Government were afraid to touch the matter? If a man was honest, acted straightforwardly during the time of election, and accounted for all his expenses in every shape and form, he need fear 'neither man nor devil.' Candidates, whether tho Mayor of Adelaide, or even tho Editor of the Country, should all bo treated alike. If he had been placed in that position two years ago he would have Io3t his seat, because there was money at tho back to have accomplished that' purpose. If a man was rich in wealth and influence. ' and influence over the Government, ho escaped. In tho interests of the country and of Jaw and order they should take a firm stand. (Tho Hon. J. Darling — 'And of humanity.) Ho wished he could touch something warm in Mr. Darling's heart now. to get him to voto for the motion. He gave Messrs. Stirling, Duncan, and Smith credit for running to tho rescue of the Govern ment when they saw the Government on a craft about to sink. He would not say they had no true reason. If he had £50,000 and were a Candida to for Parliament ho would un doubtedly spend £1,000 legitimately to accom plish hia purpose. Human nature was the same all tho world over. The law was meant not to benefit the rich, but to place the poor to some extent on the samo footing with them. If all the members who hod given him to understand they would support him voted with him, ho wonld have a largo majority. Ho was glad to havo Mr. Warren with him. Thov had a Conservative Party ou one side of thu H/'Usc, and a surprise party on tho other side, from whom they' never knew what to expect. Although ho had been forced on several occasions recently to tako a stand against the Government, it had not been a pleasure to him to do 60 ; but when ho saw the treatment a motion something like his had received in tho Assembly, and tho remarks mado by. the Premier on tho roattcr.it roused his indignation, and from a sense of right, and a cense of duty to bis adopted country, ho moved in the matter. - . - Question— That the words proposed to be left out stand part of tho motion. This was declared carried. Tho Hon. F. BASEDOW called for a division, which resulted as fol lows:— ?'?;-???.? Ayes, 1L— Hons. II. Adams, A. R. Addi son, J. G. Bice, D. M. Charleston, J. Dar ling, R. S. Guthrio, A. A. Kirkpatrick, G. McGregor. W.' A. Robinson, E. Ward, and W. Russell (teller). Noes, 9. — Hons. J. J. Duncan, H. R. Fuller, Dr. Magarey, J. Martin, J. V. O'Logrhlin, Sir E. T. Smith, J. L. Stirling, J. Warren, and F. Basedow (teller). Majority of 2 for the Ayes. Path.— Aye— Hon. \V. llaslam. No— Dr. Campbell. Original motion put and passed. PAEKSIDE TRAMWAY (PRIVATE) BILL. Tho Hon. J. G. BICE produced the report of the Select Committee on this Bill, together with tho minutes of proceedings, evidence, and appendices todocumcuts. lie moved— 'That tho report be read.' ' : Carried. Tho Hon. J. G. BICE moved— 'That the Bill as reported ho considered by the Council ou Wednesday, September 16.' ; Carried. ..*..', 1 THE NORTHERN- TERRITORY .; PASTORAL LAWS. ._ -Adjourned debatcourthe motion of the Hon: J. Warren—' That in the . opinion of this Council it is desirabk to amend the pastoral laws of tho Northern Territory, so as to bring them more in accordance, as regards improve ments, with the pastoral law of this province, and eo as to secure settlement on and the de velopment of the' pastoral - lands in tho Northern Territory.' Tho CHIEF SECRETARY said tho Go vornment proposed to agreo with the motion. Although they thought that tho pastoral Laws of tho Northern Territory wcro very liberal, thoy did not say they were not amendable in some particular. ? The cvidenco taken by the Northern Territory Commission from well known pastoralists well acquainted with the Territory was that tho laws wore liberal, though thoy asked for ramc small alterations. Some of the improvements in tho pastoral laws of South Australia might with advantage bo introduced into those of tho Northern Terri tory. With tho pressure of work before thorn ho doubted whether it would be possible to frame and introduce a Bill this session. Tho Government would give tho matter attention, :md would take an early opportunity, without binding themselves to tho precise, form the Bill would take, of dealing with tho matter. Carried. MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS AMEND MENT BILL. Second reading. ' The Uon. 11. S. GUTHRIE inoved tho second reading of this y Bill. People re siding iu particular parts of tho colony nhonld havo as full a share of local responsible government as possible.. In no case would tho Bill give, any right to 1 minority. South Australia had the most per fect system of local holf- govcrnmcnt in Aus tralia, but then: was no provision for the amalgamation of two Corporations. Tho Bill would till that want. - When the Laud Values Assessment Bill was tofore Parliament in 1893 power was givcu to Corporations to di.-uolvt', but tho provisions for amalgamation were unwieldy, and it had been thought wiso to make thu matter more simple. No further e'.iboration of the principles ot the Bill was u& iid. Clauso '2 provided— 'Two-fifths of the ; atepajers of ratable property in any two or more municipalities may petition tho Governor for thft union of such municipali ties.' The two-Gftbs probably had caused Mr. Duncan to interject, but the number was the samo as was required for a petition to form, a new Corporation, to extend the boundaries of one, or to amal gamate two District Councils. If the Bill had provided for a majority instead of two fifths there would be no need for tha provision for a counter petition. Clauses 7, 8, and 0 were uot now, as they were adaptations of sections 20, 21, and 22 of the District Councils Act. Ho confidently moved the second reading. '???'-.'. Tho Hou. Sir E. T. SMITH secured tho adjournment of the debate till September 16. INSOLVENT ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Adjourned debate on the second reading. Tho Hou. J. L. STIRLING had made enquiries of activo legal friends, aud had found that the Bill would be an improvement on the existing law. ' . Carried. ; Tlie Hon. .T. L. STIRLING moved— 'That it bo an instruction to the Committee ou the Bill that they have leave to amend tho words of enactment by inserting after 'Governor' the words 'of South Australia,' and by leaving out tbo word ?Parliament' and inserting in lieu thereof , ' Legislative Council and House of Assembly of tho said province in this present Parliament ? assembled.'' He .simply did so to confirm an action which the Couucil had already taken. . This course would have been avoided if the Council liad agreed to the motion he had moved earlier in thedav. Tho CHIEF SECRETARY secured tho adjournment of the debato till September 15. PROCLAMATION OF NOXIOUS ; WEEDS. The' CHIEF SECRETARY moved 'That an address be presented to His Ex cellcucy tho Governor, praying His Excellency, to issue a proclamation declaring the under mentioned weeds to bo noxious weeds under Acts Nos. 517 of 1S91. 400 of 1S37, r.nd 2G of 1863\. viz.— Homeria (synonym Bobartia). all species (Capo bulb or tulip); Asphodelus nstulosus (Asphodel; Bulbino bulbojum ! native onion or leek) ; bulbinc scmibarbatum lesser nativeouiouorleek);D.atura stramonium [thorn apple or mad applo) : Solanum sodoniicum (applo of Sudom.) V The subject had arisen out of a deal of correspondence between the Govvrnmcntnnd tho Agricultural Bureau. . Tho proclamation of several weeds had been suggested, but the Government had not adopted them alL They, how over, thought some might be proclaimed. The powers the Government had in this matter were declared in clause 3 of the Act of 1S93 dealing with the destruction of noxious weeds, which said — ' Whenever it shall appear to tho Commissioner of Crown Lands that noxious weeds are growing 011 any land situated in any part of the province, and that any statutory powers for. securing the effectual destruction thereof have not been fully exer cised, the Commissioner of Crown Lands shall give notice to tho local authority having jurisdiction to exercise such powers in respect of the land, in question requiring such local authority to excrciso such powers in any manner which' may be specified in such notice within a time, not being less than thirty, day*,; to be limited by ' such notice; ana if within such time: such local, authority shall not exercise such powers - the Commissioner of Crown Lauds may himself exercise such powers as if they had been originally conferred on him ; and any reasonable expense incurred by the Com missioner in the cxerciso of such powers shall be a debt from the local authority to the Commissioner, 'and may bo deducted from any grant payable to the local authority pursuant to 'Tho District Councils and Corporations Subsidy Act, 1800.'' He had samples of some of the weeds, and they were thus described : — 'Homeria (synonym Bobartia).— A Cape Colony bulb, vcr.v abundant in a few locali ties. Several species once cultivated in flower gardens havo escaped, and are spreading rapidly. . Bulbs are virulently poisonous. .Asphodelus nstulosus occupies considerable areas around Adelaide Port Lincoln, Goolwa, and many other places to exclusion of all grasses and herbage Seeds most proUfically, also propagates rapidly by its fleshy roots. Contains injurious proporties. Bulbino bul bosum and Bulbino scmibarbatum are closely related to each other, and were declared by tho late Dr. R. Schomburgk, Ph. Dr.. to bo poison ous. They are, without doubt, injurious weeds. Datura stramonium takes possession of rich and moist lands, alluvial fiats, &c.; : virulently poisonous. Solanum sodommum, a very prickly useless shrub, injurious to live stock ; occupies considerable areas in various districts to exclu sion of other plants. Some species of bulbino are indigenous iu Australia ; homerias are nativos of Cape Colony ; asphodels arc indige nous in Palestine and elsewhere; daturas exist throughout Europe and parts of Asia; Sodom apples come from tho neighbourhood of the Red Sea, &c.; All of tho abovo plants havo b3en at times cultivated in gardens, and have escaped ' cultivation. They all spread prolifi cally, and although Municipal Corporations and District Councils have tried to exterminate them all efforts have been nullified through absence of power to compel owners of allot ments, &c.;, to co-operato.' Members could see that the weeds were injurious to stock, and to the growth of moro useful herbage. The Hon. W. RUSSELL secured the ad journment of the debate till September 15. PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY laid ou tho table:— By command— Statement of tho receipts and disbursements of South Australia for the quarter and year ended June 30, 18%. ' ADJOURNMENT. Tho CHIEF. SECRETARY raoved 'That the Council at its rising adjourn till Tuesday next at 2 p.m.' Tho Hon. J. L. STIRLING asked if the Chief Secretary could tell members how many days thev were likely to sit next week. The CHIEF SECRETARY thought ono day would be sufficient, although he could not say what business would come up from tho Assembly requiring attention. Carried. ? -. , ? ? At 4.57 pro. tho Council adjourned till Tues d ly, September 16, at 2 p.m. 