THE MERCURY. HOBART: TUESDAY F, JUNE 26, 1896. o - EPITOME OF NEWS. Customs returns for week ending 20th inst Hobart, £2,483 19s. 4d.; Launceston, £2,107 13s. 9d. Adjourned public meeting at Glenorchy this evening in reference to securing a recreation ground. Hon. N. E. Lewis, M.H.A., will address electors of Richmond at Colebrook this afternoon. Annual meeting of Tasmanian Literary and Debating Societies' Union at St. Joseph's schoolroom this evening. The City Council met yesterday, but the business did not include anything of special importance. Meeting at Bellerive institute to-morrow afternoon to discuss the question of Parliamentary Franchise for Women. The Hon. A. I. Clark will take the chair. First meeting of Bellerive Literary and Debating Society this evening, when the Hon. N. J. Brown, M.H.A., will read a paper. Notification re intended application of the Van Diemen's Land Co. to apply to Parliament for leave to bring in Lill concerning proposed Waratah and Zeehan Railway appears in advertising columns. Matabele rebels poisoning wells. Empress Dowager of China is dead. Heavy floods reported in Gippsland. Report of massacre of Turkish troops in Syria fully confirmed. Forty thousand factory hands have struck . work in St. Petersburg. V.R.C. Grand National acceptances appear in sporting cables. Spanish revenues show a deficit of over one million sterling. ', Matabele rebels killing friendlies and burning their villages. 1 France emancipates all slaves in Made gapes The Ti nice says the Education Bill will be dropped by the Salisbury Ministry Heavy snow storms in New South Wales interrupting telegraph service Electors in western districts of United States mistrust Senator McKinley Education Bill now before House of Commons is to be modified to place the Opposition Spanish Government expediting the completion. of five ironclads now on the stocks European Po ers urging the appointmont of a Christian Governor at Crete Sir H H Kitchener still advancing in the kit life's territory Chamber of Deputies has approved of annexation of Madagascar Telegraphic communication between Melbourne and Sydney will possibly he restored to day, Now Shah of Persia commencing his reign by recognition of an ant and discountenancing pecuniary gifts as the price of favours Governor of British Guiana has ordered surveys orion disputed territory not to resist Venezuelan troops Spain much annoyed at display of the Cuban As by the Republican National Convention now assembled at St Louis USA Nine men suspected of being escaped convicts from New Caledonia, have arrived in an open boat at Townsville New South Wales Treasurer roughly estimates income tax for year at £U>SU0l), of which gave the poisons will contribute £102,500 Victorian Cabinet considers that appointment of a colonial judge to the Privy Council Judicial Committee should be the subject of an intercolonial conference AN instructive debate took place in the New South Wales Assembly on Wednesday last, but as it happened to be on a milling subject, the Sydney papers have not reported it at any length. The Government brought forward a proposal to reduce the price of the miner's right from 10s. to 5s. per annum, so as to place New South Wales on a level with Victoria, but this proposal was strongly resisted mainly by the Protectionist members, on the ground that there would be a loss of revenue, and that the Government ought to pay the expenses of mining administration out of the revenue from mining. Many of the arguments brought forward had a strange mediaeval smack about them, and some were so utterly fatuous that we can but pity the mining interest which is delivered over to such a parcel of tools, in the disguise of friends. It is curious to notice that through the whole debate it never occurred to any one to ask why the miners right was wanted at all, what was its origin), or what purpose does it serve The general assump- tion was, that there must be a miner's right, though there were plenty of statements made which went to show that it was not wanted, and that so far as it served any purpose, it was a nuisance and often the cause of litiga- tion and gross wrong-doing. This is I illustrated by the fact that the MINISTER, OF MINES found himself constrained to propose a new clause, which he said was required " with the view of correcting an illegality which was said to have occurred owing to the butt of a miner's-right not having been produced with a miner's-right." We catch a glimpse here of some, legal complication arising out of the title being dependent on this precious document, and we know that many such complications are constantly arising. Mr. URQUHART gave a few examples of them in our own House of Assembly in the course of last session, but nobody as usual, paid any attention to them because a mining grievance is one of the last things that members will take the trouble to understand. The plea of a decrease of revenue of any serious character may be set aside at once, as the loss by the reduction in New South Wales will be only £5,000 a year, a sum which is as nothing compared with the trouble, loss and vexation of which the miner's right is an unceasing cause. But, behind all there seems to be a belief that the miners who search for metals ought to have some sort of permit from the State, if it is only to show that the State is the actual owner of the land and all that it contains. We do not know that there is the slightest necessity for the State to assert this right, inasmuch as no one ever has or is likely to call it in question, but, as a matter of fact, this right exists merely as an imaginary one in the largest number of cases. Mr. COPE- LAND, the Protectionist member who most strongly opposed the Bill, said that "the poorer classes generally did not take out miner's rights or mineral leases, and as this is a notorious fact in all the colonies, of what value is the document as either a source of revenue or an evidence of the Crown right The fact is' simply notorious, that in hundreds of cases, we might say in thousands of cases in the whole of the colonies, no miners' rights at all are taken out, and how are those who work without them different from those who work with them ? There is only this difference that the poor man, who may have had to work long hours to keep himself and family alive, may find himself robbed of what he has discovered because of the want of a miner's-right, and this is the sort of legislation which, is called encourag- ing mining ! The MINISTER of MINES stated that in New South Wales the Government had given from 4,000 to 5.000 miners rights away free, in order that the unemployed might go out prospecting or working old ground, which they have done with some degree of success. Now, what purer farce can there be than this Why should the men not have done what thousands do, gone and worked the ground without any document at all in their pockets Another branch of the argument on which some stress was laid, was that those who have the great privilege of seek- ing for gold or silver ought to pay for it. We do not know that there is any great objection to this, provided that only those who find one or other of the metals shall be made to pay, and after they have made some profit out of their labour and capital. On the other hand, so far as the State is concerned its gain consists in the reveal ment of riches which increase the revenue largely, promote all industries, and help the progress of a country in a most remarkable manner. Now, the discovery of these riches depends on the dogged perseverance, skill, labour, and capital of persons who are willing to take great risks, many of whom may work for years and get nothing for their trouble. On this point some statements were made in the course of the debate which are worthy of attention, though they are, or at least should be, the merest of mere common-places. One member said that " if men would search for j gold in this colony, and the Government, would let them do so, the r Government had by far the best of the bargain." This is, of course, a. mere statement of fact. " So far from there being any cause for imposing a special burden on miners, so that their titles are made often most complicated and doubtful, they should be left to act as freely as possible, for it is absurd to pass prospecting votes, and then make a special charge on those who go prospecting, who are the benefactors of their country. The whole business is wanting in consistency, common-sense, even in common prudence and fore- sight. It was said that if the cost of the miner's right was reduced there would be 10 times the number issued, which may be true, but the fact shows that a large number of miners never take out a miner's right! We know that this is the case in Victoria and even in this colony, so that the whole business may be described as a pure piece of muddle. It was said in Sydney, and has been said here, that a man with a miner's right can take up a residence area, which is true, but suppose that he does not happen to want one Why should the one who does not require a residence area pay the same as the man who does, or the man who has half a dozen of these areas ? If a miner or any one else wants a- residence-area, let him pay a fair rent for it by all means, but there is no reason why the man who has no such area should be made to pay also; In short, no matter how we look at this question of the miner's right, we find that the document is a sort of official fetish, which is clung to for no special reason that can be rendered in any one of the colonies. It is useless for revenue, and such revenue as it brings in comes mostly from those who can least afford to pay it. As a basis of title it is a delusion and a snare, the cause of endless trouble and litigation. As an assertion of the Crown right it is a sham, for thousands of persons work for metals without it. In short, so far as it serves any purpose it is a nuisance, a relic of past barbarism, when the miner was called a vagabond," and is only kept up because officials cannot grasp a new idea, and Ministers know nothing about mining. , THE news of the increasing popularity of the Apsley railway line, which our correspondent there embodies in his letter this week, will be read with pleasure by everyone. Be not only speaks of increase of traffic, but of the further gratifying fact that the traffic in question is coming from all parts of the surrounding districts, including the always out-in-tne-cold Bothwell, and in fact that the state of feeling which has so often had to be deplored in Tasmania, something almost akin to antipathy to the lines with which they have been provided, rightly or wrongly, but still provided, at so great a cost to the community at large, is passing away. Admitting, for the sake of argument, that there have sometimes been grounds for dissatisfaction with the service provided, and especially with freights charged, a thing Mr. Manager Back will not allow for a moment, there have also doubtless been faults on the part of the people themselves. They have acted towards the lines as if they were foes in disguise, instead of friends iii the open, and have so inflicted a double injury on themselves, by keeping up road services at great cost, while at the same time they have been contributing to the cost of the construction of works which they will not use. The question is, of course, a large one, but it is to be hoped that the change in the appreciation of the Apsley line is a sign of the times, for nothing will do so much to improve things all round as public co-operation to use wherever possible, what has been created for the public good. The obloquy thrown on the Apsley line, that extended nowhere, is, from one point of view, or should have been, its pride. It goes into the heart of a great producing district which wanted such a central dis- tributing agency, and the more the people use it the better it should be, not only for themselves, but for Tasmania at large. IT is perhaps rather late in the day to refer to the change in the management of the Launceston abattoirs The majority in the Council have had their way, and made an appointment in keeping with their own ideas But the methods adopted in the whole transaction have been questioned from time to time, and from correspondence tabled at yesterday's meeting of the Launceston Board of Health it looks as if there was something to India, for the committee absolutely declined to supply the Central Board of Health with parti- culars when requested to do so, On May 16 the secretary of the Cent tal Board wrote to the Town Clerk of Launceston, asking for information regarding the proposed changes in the inspection of the slaughter yards, and the facts that had occasioned the proposed, but notwithstanding that about half a dozen letters, to the same till Pt were sent a direct answer has been studiously avoided, and up to the present time nothing more than b ne copy of resolutions passed at mph Units of RIP Funeral IIJIIP Iwipn forwarded to Hobart. Feeling, no doubt, that they were being ignored in the matter, the Central Board repeated their questions on May 29, and asked for the information they wanted or a distinct intimation that it would not be furnished. We know that up North they do not at all appreciate anything like interference from the South ; but in this instance the Central Board of Health were quite within their rights, and it certainly looked somewhat dis- courteous on the part of those in charge of the Public Health Department in Launceston not to comply with their request. The Health and Slaughter-house Committees apparently had that feeling themselves, for, when driven into a corner by Mr. Mault's last letter, they got out of it by throwing the onus ordeal ing with the correspondence on the Public Board of Health. What that body will do with it remains to be seen, but it is to be hoped that they will make the best of a bad job by supply- ing the information wanted, and laying the whole circumstances bare before the central authority and the people of the colony generally. AMPLE police protection for a country district does not mean that all matters affecting public law and order shall be left to the guardians of the peace who are provided by the State. There is a feeling that this should be the case in many minds, however, and it is expressed in the remark of our Beaconsfield correspondent that the increase of petty offences is undeniable, and that nine out of every ten of such uses go undetected. Now this, it must be noted, and it would be well if the j fact were more generally understood, is a matter that reflects not so much on the Beaconsfield police, or any other small force similarly situated, as it does on the district itself. It may, indeed, be fairly said that until a district so circumstanced sets itself to supplement police action, the evil will go on j checked, and the district will remain disgraced in the eyes of the community generally No effectual stop can be put to such a state of things without a general determination on the part of the people that it shall not continue, and until such an agreement is come to no increase in the police force v. well as the colony could afford could have no permanent edict In such a case, what is wanted is not a craven rush to the State for more help but a corporate and patriotic effort by the people themselves, a potent factor in which should be a greater exercise of control by patents and gn indians over those who are sent ustr d to their charge That is the way, for instance, to check larrikinism, petty larceny, and other offences into which youngsters glide because, and simply because, they are not rightly looked after, and the proper exercise of a parental authority will there be as efficacious as that of the policeman, and less detrimental to the budding citizen in after life Let the people bestir themselves properly, and they will not only not need more police Ci otection, but be thankful also by and so that they have not had recourse to it _ THE ideas enunciated at the Scottsdale agricultural meeting in advocating a model farm where young men and boys could learn to work on improved principles, only without pay are all very well in the abstract. If practicable, it would be very nice to carry them out, but the experience of the past has been that they are not feasible, and in such matters an ounce of experience outweighs a much greater amount of theory. In the first place, the honorary labour is itself a great drawback, especially when it is considered that by going to work at home, or in employment on other farms, young aspirants to the agricultural life become at once breadwinners for themselves, no mean consideration when the known needs of the farming class have proper weight given to them. Besides this, a small model farm, such as Mr. Lade suggested, would not be anything like so cheap as he seems to imagine. To make it worth the while of anyone to submit himself even for a time to such tutelage, without for the period any return of the character most sought for, would necessitate the employment of more than one residential instructor of no mean ability, who certainly would not work without pay, to defray the cost of which the farm itself and what it produced would go a very little distance indeed. Then, too, there are the diversities of farming methods required by the various districts of the colony, with their dissimilar soils, rainfalls, and other things requiring to be taken into account, and by which the instruction given in one quarter might turn out to e wholly inefficacious when applied to other districts in actual practice afterwards. The idea of branch Boards of Agriculture, each acting as an agent for improvement in its own locality, is a far better one, for by that means the older heads would also receive instruction, and so pass it on by a process of filtration to those commencing life under them. That is the possible, practical theory, and if carried out, as now projected, it should be of real effect in the selfsame direction as that Mr. Lade has in his mind. TELEGRAPHIC.- The following notice was posted at the local Telegraph Office yester city : -" Melbourne advises Sydney lines interrupted all day, owing to heavy snow storms southern and western districts of New South Wales." SHEEP INSPECTION The Chief Inspector of Stock (Mr. T. A. Tabart) left by yesterday's express to continue his annual Inspec- tion of stud sheep. He goes first to Epping and then to the Macquarie district, and will be away about a fortnight. GREY OHN TRACK. The Inspector of Roads, western division, has telegraphed the Public Works Department that the Grey Ure Track is being much knocked about by sledging, and ask for authority to put a stop to this. The department to deal- ing with the matter. QUEEN'S DOMAIN COMMITIKK-The ordinary monthly meeting of the Queens Domain ( ommittcenua In his yesterday after an on at the Museum Mr JHB Binnari in the chair. The principal business before the committee was the consideration of a letter from the Minister of Lands and RA office, asking if the committee concurred in the making of a new carriage drive in the Domain from the old (or por tion quarry to the summit of the hill by prison labour The secretary, Mr A Morton, said that the first that was heard of the proposal was through the press, and then he put himself in communication with the Lands and Works Department on the subject The Hon C H Grant M L C pointed out that the road would be made we hunt any expense to the committee A discussion then eOBtieii, when it was mentioned that the road would be under a quarry from which stones might sometimes fall on passengers , but that it would lead to a spot whence a magnificent view was obtainable Mr Grant moved - " that the letter of the Minister be uck now lulled, and to be informed that the committee have no personal knowledge or information relative to the pro posed road to the summit of the hill and are unable to express any opinion as to the desirability of its construction The motion was seconded but on bring put, was negatived Dr his Crouch moved, "That the M Launer he asked for plans and particulars of the proposed road before the committee reply ' ino motion was agreed to Mr C V\aloh n oved,-"That this committee, having no funds at their disposal 1 for the completion of the plantations in udy begun in the domain, desire to put it out to the miner the urgent necessity of its m ii g prison labour for the completion and improvement of those plantations" The motion was agreed to an application was received from the Southern Tasmanian Junior Cricket Association for leave to lay a cement wicket on the lower cneki-tgrouuri in the rooms It was agreed that the application should be recommended to the Minister This concluded the business TECHNICAL SCHOOL - The usual fortnightly meeting of the Technical School Committee was held last evening. Pre- sent Mr. J. Morton (in the chair), Mr. A. -1. J'uylor, Hon. Henry Lamb, and the secretary (Mr. F. U. But t). Correspondence: was received from Colonel Cruickshank, intimating that the Governor in Council had approved of £5 per annum being paid to the caretaker of the school for additional service in the Analyst Department. This was referred to the Analyst Department. | Mr. V. Ash wrote announcing his willingness to illustrate the next lecture. A letter was received from Mr. Self, regretting his inability to have his promised lecture on " Electricity " ready at the appointed time. The secretary reported that Mr. R. M. Johnston would deliver a lecture on " The old lake of the Derwent " on Monday next. Mr. A. J. Taylor intimated that he had received a letter from Mr. Tranthim-Fryer who anticipated rendering great service to the school. A few accounts having been passed for payment, the meeting closed. TESTAMENTARY.-The following probates have been issued George Pridden Hudson to Henry James Hudson and Alice Elizabeth Searson, £805 ; Eliza Josephine Hodg- son to Thomas Sheehy, £6. St DAVID'S LITERARY SOCIETY-At at I tractive programme is announced for this evening, commencing at 8 o'clock. Mr. J. W. Israel will take the chair, and songs, readings, lecturettes, and recitations will be shown ArimUatnn free. f,.-.-. - _ ALL SAINTS' LITERARY ASS CIATION. A lecture on " Evolution " is to he delivered at the All Saints' schoolroom this evening by the Rev. Thos. Taylor. Friends of members are in w ed. SACRED HEART CHURCH, NEW TOWN. A winter carnival and fancy fair, in aid of radar reef a debt upon the Catholic Church of the Sacred Heart at New Town, will be opened in the Temperance-hall, Melville . rest, this evening, by the Viscountess G rmmiston The fair and carnival will H main open three days and conclude on 1 Thursday) evening with a ball. a CLEAR a BOOT SALE.- One of the most successful boot sales that has ever taken place in Hobart is now going on at J. N. FOOL'S establishment. Hundreds of customers are delighted with their bargains. ' TO-DAY there will be a lot of new goods brought forward, which must be sold to make ' room for shipments daily expected. COURIER RiQi'hSTs.-At this Court I yesterday, before the Commissioner (Mr. Bernard Shaw), the following cases were heard Blackmore v, Kmimdy, Mr. Propsting) Messrs. Tinning & Propsting) for plaintiff, Mr. Perkins (Messrs. Perkins and Dear for defendant. Claim for £8 JOB. for 5 damages for can less and improper tie it ment of a horse. Judgment reserved. Aiikey v. Ellis and Another, and Cornish 3. same, board as one case-, Mr. Propsting (Messrs. Tinning & Propsting) for both plaintiffs, Mr. Sheehy for defendants Claim for 19 9s. in each case for money received by the defendants, as trustees for the use of plaintiffs. Judgment reserved Coppin v. Walker, plaintiff in person. Mr A. C. Stephens (Messrs Stephen- and Stephens for defendant Claim for £4 Is 8d. for goods of plaintiff detained by the defendant. Nonsuit. Cul POLICE COURT -Aldermen J G Davies and W. Smith pie and at the City Police Court yesterday Joseph Murphy, for using obscene language in Liverpool street on the 20th just, was fined 5s., or seven days James Dicken was charged with neglecting to join the whaling barque Helen at Hobart on the 9th Inst, and was remanded for a week Y M C S. The monthly meeting of this association was held at their rooms yesterday evening. The proceedings opened with a social tea, at which there were about 40 present. At the after meeting r ports were received of the mission at Bellerive and the annual public tea, and IIIB the various work of the association. It was i announce d that an effort was. being made to start an association at Zeehan The most pleasing part of the proceedings was the welcoming of seven new members, which, with the leven received last month, makes a substantial addition to the ranks An outline of the recent Conference held in Melbourne was read, showing that 263 Glebe gates attended from the various colonies, and the meetings were an unique llied success References to the proposed enlargement of the Rev. G. H. V atman for special mission work as already reported in The M train at, were embodied in the report, as well mother mat te is of interest, which Mr I J Virgo, honorary secretary to the Inter- colonial Council of Australasian Y M As , had explained in a communication published in the South All tralian Jlenntcr, all proving most acceptable to the listeners Several members spoke, and towards the end of the evening the secretary stated that at the annual tea one friend offered a gift of £10 and another £5 if nine others would give or collect Uko amounts, and that a second £10 and a second £5 had since been promised, and hope was expressed that the remaining eight for each amount would soon be forthcoming The Rev. R. A. Thompson spoke very encouragingly, especially point- ing out the great advantage of young men forming Christian fellowships such as are made in the Y.M.C.A. Much helpful (Ita callion followed on YMCA. work generally, and a pleasant evening was brought to a close shortly after 9 o'clock THE HUTTON PARK HOUNDS will meet by invitation, at Bothwell on Saturday, 27th inst, at noon. TAI TERSALL'S -The following are the names and addresses of the drawers of placed horses in Tattersall's consultation on the Warwick Farm Cup. run at Warwick Farm, N.S.W on the 20th mut., 10,000 subscribers at 5'. each ; closed with 9,000, and drawn pro rota last, Wnihine, R. B. Vass, 65, Derwent-street, Glebe, Sydney, £810; 2nd, Glendennon, J E. McDonogh, Laidon Villa, 15, Wakefield-street, Glen Fern, Victoria, £202 105. 2 3rd. Royal Rose, T. Duigan, 274 Bourke-street, Darlinghurst, Sydney, £121 10s. These amounts are not. SCORING RECORDS BROKEN. On Friday, May 8, the Yorkshire eleven in their second match of the season completed a performance which broke all past records in first-class matches. Playing against Warwickshire at Birmingham on 7th and 8th ult., the Yorkshire county team on the second day completed an onions of 887. K. Peel scored 219 not out, Lord Hawke 106, Wainwright 126. K. S. Jackson 117, First 85, and Moorehouse 72. The time occupied in compiling this vast total was only lOhrs. and 50min., the scoring being at the average rate of over 80 runs per hour. Previously the highest total ever scored in a first-class match was 843 by the Australians against Oxford and Cambridge Past and Present at Portsmouth in 1893. In that innings there were only three centuries. Mr. Bruce 191, A. C Bannerman c and H Trumble 105 The highest previous total in a county match was 801, by Lancashire against Somerset last season when A C MacLaren boat the individual first class record with a score of 424 Last summer the Carlton Club In a pennant match made 922 against the Melbourne University, J Worrall! 417 not out, but that could hardly be considered a first class contest in the same light as a match between two English senior counties THE DIIIERKNCE - We came across the following lines the other day They amused the writer, and ended in an advertisement, which we leave as it appeared in the original, as the advertisement is so cleverly drawn as to be worthy of its own reward " Tennyson could take a worthless sheet of paper, write a poem on it, and make it north six *y five thousand dollars that's genius Vanderbilt can write a few words on a sheet of paper and make it worth fire million dollars that's capital The United States can take an ounce and a quarter of gold and stamp upon it an " eagle bird and make it worth twenty dollars that money A mechanic can take material worth five dollars and made it into watch springs worth a thousand dollars-that s skill A merchant can take an article worth seventy five cents and sell it for a dollar- hat s business A lady can purchase a seventy five cent hat, but she prefers one that costs twenty seven dollars that s for ishness A ditch digger works 10 hours a day and handles several tons of ann h for three dollars-that s labour The printer of this could write a cheque for eighty million dollars but it wouldn't be worth a time that rough Any once an go to see Robert Hilliard and Mr clever company in Jotit-fieenti/four Bowra and thoroughly c joy an excellent t performance of of of of the briLh st comedies ever written I his I ran into a very - Srinil for America 18 7 YI I!(>II> A PREVENTABLE DISEASE? Any man or woman who has ever stage, led through the ten, twelve, or fifteen weeks' experience of aele'erminedattack of typhoid fever will think we have placed an excel d ingly important threshing at the head of tins annotition Oin typhoid be prevented' Well, either it can or it cannot , either it is a disease whose cause we know and can deal practically with, or it remains still one of those mysteries which ballia science and practice alike But typhoid is not now a mystery to the man of science, of that we are sure it is on the contrary, a we 11 under tooth, and entirely manageable and prevent the malady Dr T E Hayward, medical officer of health for Baydnok, Lancashire, tells his p rich in his annual report not only that it is p ev eatable, but also by what precise and simple means it may be prevented We have had occasion before to express approval of Dr Hayward a intelligence and thoroughness as a medical officer of health, and we commend with confidence his tersely expressed " Principles of Typhoid Prevention ' ns madeuublicin his report for 1895. Typhoid is a preventable disease," says this authority ' It is a disease of filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement ' That is to be taken as the beginning of knowledge, the A B C of J typhoid prevention, by the unscientific The next step is equally easy Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli, and the bacilli we find in human excrement, und in drinking water fooled by such excrement It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid bacilli. They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may be flying about in the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid every event, and may be swallowed with mouthfuls of air. What then is the first and last commandment of typhoid prevention ? "Cleanliness; personal and public desert- areas." It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep our drinking water clean ; if we keep our clothes and our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as in the ghost of King Solomon of the shade of the extinct Deinotherium.- Hospital A TRIP to the United States is always a pleasure, as sights meet the eye from various points which are most picturesque and charming. But what does this come ! Ah ! that's the rub. Now. W. King, 74. Elizabeth-street, can supply on with the wherewithal to make a trip to the United States in the shape of a wedding ring or keeper at prices that for quality in the make up simply astound both the uninitiated an the connoisseur. FLontLiNE.-FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush producer a pleasant lather which thoroughly cleanses the tooth from all parasites or impurities, hardens, the gums-, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all un SlcatJint odour arising from decayed teeth or stucco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline,' being: composed in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price, 2s. 6d., of all chemists and perfumers. Wholesale Depot, Si Farringdon-road London, England, ' 