? Governor Buxton was at the Adelaide races n the Queen's Birthday, but he looked unutterably sad. Even aide-de-tract distributor Capt. Guise was there too with his tracts. Sprightly, jolly little Henniker, the private eec. and vice-regal manager, was the only man of the party who seemed to enter into the spirit of the gathering. 1 * # * * Mark Twain on drinks: " I cannot recommend soda-water as a straight-out drink. I once tried it myself—drank trhirty- eiglit bottles. Then I felt so inflated that the only article I could wear with comfort was an umbrella. It was about a case of ' More work for the undertaker.'" # # # # The bicycle has already many sins to answer for. Last week the Rev. Father Moore, of Bendig«, while riding on his bike, was capsized by a vagrant dog which rushed at his machine. The Church on BicyclOj overthrown by a vagrant "dog, is a piece of dreadful irony of a sort to delight the heart of Josh Symes. # * * # Few, even amongst journalists, would suspect that the genial " Joe " Melvin, of the AGE, was a poet. The following lines— written by him when he was away from Iwrne and suffering from an attack of nostalgia— will show that he also has a claim to occupy a ledge, at least, on the slope of the Australian Parnassus:— Husband! The sweetest name for man From her who gives him all her life— He answers with the name that can Be sweetest # name for woman—wife! * * * Freddy T. Sargood, the military hero who proposes to present a pair of shoddy trousers labelled on the seat " THE. SARGOOD PANTS " to the prize shootist at the next cadet competition, was 62 years old on May 30th. Among Sargood's other offences are that ho is "Lieut: Ool., K.C.M.G., M.L.C., J.P. ; etc." And he still lives. # # * # Birthdays this week. Druid Secretary J. J. Breuan pleads guilty to being 53 years old on 1st. June, and auctioneer Donald Munro (of Munro and Baillieu) was 38 years on the 2nd. ? I've a daiuty little maiden With a daiDty: lovely face, '«« And a <3aintv, dainty little waist ^ ^ " 'Twere rapture to embrace: ^ - And a dainty dimpled chin 12 R Poised light on dainty "fingers, * " Which chide the wayward clustering r curls ? Where subtle perfume lingers. And a dainty little anMg Peeps above adaSmyshoe, With a dainty, dainty little frock To'hide the rest from view. And in her dainty ear My undying love I tell, And she draiops her dainty little head And says she loyes me well. _ WYVIS. The j" Vagabond " says that Coolgardie is not a place for women to come to. Women will smile when they hear the reason for the statement, namely, that there are too many men there. It is a. potential polyandric paradise. By the way, the friends of the ^ Vagabond"—and they include everybody able to read—will be sorry to hear that he is at present in very ill health. His experiences of Toughing it in Western Australia were a little too much for him. -One cannot be ways young. David Blair aged ont at 76 on 4th. June, and Ernest Iliffe Eobson, the clever and humorous headmaster of Sydney's North Shore Grammar * School, # will * go 35 to-morrow, # Canon Vance, the Dean of Melbourne, is a very bad penman, which caused a new-chum comp. the other day to set up " The Holy Grubs," instead of " The Holy Ghost." * * # # Artist Julian R. Asliton, late of Melbourne, now and long of Sydney, was formerly a civil engineer on the Great Eastern Railway, Eng. To him, more than anyone, is due the excellence of Australian paintings in the Sydney Art Gallery. * * # Hon. Jimmy Munro, of impious Federal Bank memory, began as a " herd laddie " in Sutherlandshire, Scotland, but turned printer's deviLinJ.848 in the firm of Constable and it Sir "Walter Scott b£ life. He was also a itli Fergusson and \ll-foi'tune of Vic., h i^he kind which iB lunno wiicre we One of Hundred now lives out the end of his days at the Immigrants' Home, Royal Park, in the person of Sergeant Grennan, bedridden for some years from chronic rheumatism. # # # * Corporal Casey, who was at St. Helena with Napoleon Bonaparte, and was one of the drummer boys who followed the Emperor's hearse, died on Wednesday, June 3rd, at St. Kilda. # * * «• Alexander Sutherland, ex-master of Carlton College, Melb.j believes himself to be a poet and a critic. As a fact, he is neither. But his carefully-compiled "History of Australia,* his geographical stews, and similar adaptations for schools, bring him in some .£700 a year in copyright royalties. He is probably the only man in Australia who has ever made ,£700 a year from printed books. # # * * J. S. Butters was first Speaket of Fiji Parliament ; also he had a very large hand in the setting up of that very doubtful club on the old ship Mount Macedon, aaent which so many lurid # tales are # told. * * Argumentative Parson Rentoul is not, as commonly supposed, a Scotchman. He is an Ulster man. ? Dr. Bride, now so grievously hankering fter the flesh-pots of Melb. Public Library, was formerly assistant librarian, and later, assistant registrar of the University, before going to Swanston-street. Bride has high organising powers, good bibliographical knowledge, but of true poetic understanding he is entirely guiltless: * _ * # * "Uitlander" .Sampson, of the ABGUS and of the eyeglass, is coruscating in the country towns with yarns about South Africa of Himalayan steepness. . Lecturer-Parson Haweis is bringing out a ew book, " Travel and Talk, 1885-93-95," in hich he will jabber about Australasia and he Pacific # and other # places # he has # infested. A movement is afoot among Armadale (Mellj.) residents to change the name of the place, because it originally took its appellation from busted-boomster Jimmy Munro's native place. * * # # "Dick" Meagher struck off the roll of N.S.W. legal sharks. Practical illustration of the old saw, "Silence is golden." THE WORLD OF FINANCE. EDITOR • " Mr. O'Smith, I've sent for you to do a special article on tlio present financial, position of Victoria. Treat the subject from every standpoint; strike confidence to the heart of the British Investor. Point out to the business world that the colony could not be. in a more prosperous condition, and let your article be impregnated throughout with a -tone of financial grandeur. * . ,,1T . . , ME O'SMITJI (An authority on the philosophy of finance): Very good, sir; and as I am a little pressed, sir, would yon mind advancing me one and sixpence on account." The proprietor of a certain daily is having a shy at the royal sticks to bring down a knighthood. His method of attack is the publication of a series of well-written, but distinctly jingoistic articles, which, sooner or l a t e r , a r e b o u n d to catch the eye of those who have the privilege of suggesting names for Birthday or New Year honors. # * * * F. W. Curnow, who received .£700 for his ew months' services as secretary and shortand writer of Dean Commission and Coal Mines Bill, is relative of a Minister. Of ourse, this little fact had not anything to do ith the fat appointment. Of course not! * * * * Book Arcade Cole has been in his time, and in succession, agriculturist, gold-digger, builder wood-splitter, cordial manufacturer, carpenter: hotographer, writer, and bookseller. Professor McCoy, Banker Verdon, Botanist on Mueller, and ex-Astronomer Ellery, are the only four people in Victoria justified in riting F.R.S. (Fellow of the Royal Society f London), the highest scientific honour in he world, after their names. The first three ave been knighted as K.C.M.G.'s, and the ast is C.M.G. * * * * BULLETIN Sappho Smith has a "chronic objection to being interviewed." She says she does not see what under heaven the public has to do with the number of her wisdom teeth and how she parts her hair. Sydney attor. ney,^fecfares his fe^Cw" clean." It >1J?Jiltat he wffl t$ke;uj> journalism as his staff^gf IM^andfff/heyfthtows himself ealously lnfe^ajjeJSuftJj&^paper mentioned e should be able tomake some enemies skip. This portentously prolix ex-attorney has the singular fortune to reveal the " man in blue " in many diverse moods. He is himself the son of a policeman; George Dean, his calamitous client was nephew of a policeman; Mrs. Dean's father was a policeman. The editor of one newspaper, his hearty champion, is son of a policeman, the editor of another, who called for Meagher's disrollment, is son of a policeman, and an average half of the witesses for and half against were policemen or policemen's relatives. The case makes the QUAMBI •. " Rev. T. A. Gordon, 75 years o age, and45 in the Ministry, was awarded by Sydney Presbytery the ether day >£100 from the church fund, plus <£80 from the congregation, as full income per year. Rev. A. C. Geikie,74 years of age and 35 in the Ministry, was awarded =£100, phi.* £75. Both of these are eminent men, and et, coming up to 80, thoy are worth less than £i per week. Presbyterianism would seem to be as bad as newspaper work, and with only half the fun." [Wrong. No journalist can hope to get,£175 when ho is74. He'd ever reach that ago to begin with.—ED. F.L.] Judge Inues, reported in letter received lately in Sydney to bo iu low physical condition, is senior of N.S.W. Knights. His Honor prides iu the fact that he obtained his title just before the inauguration of the K.C.M.G. r^gime-a titular badge specially made for the use of ' common colonial cads," n d> as Australia has witnessed specially destructive of the honor and honesty of almost every recipient. ^ Quong Tart, the Sydney Chinaman, of tea and tartan notoriety, devotes considerable time to the compilation of facts illustrative of Australian history. He has some ambition to be an author. In his young days he served as alawyer's clerk in Wollongong (N.S.W.) Half the women who abscond from their husbands in England are described in the subsequent divorce proceedings there as being o w " Australia." When a woman absconds m r o m her husband in Australia she merely moves a. couple of doors away, and puts her inger to her nose. E d i t o r Eoberts, of IK TOWN, announces that ho intends making a special feature of paintings and drawings by Australians, and has already secured work by George Aehton, ate of the BULLETIN, Jack Sandes, of the . ABGUS, and Herbert Low, formerly of Melb. A q e, n o w d o i n g exceilent press work on the SYDNEY MORNING HERALD, Herbert, by the way, is brother of Sidney Low, the wellbalanced and talented editor of London ST. 