IS THBIBAB. PABfcplJ, 'The, world ie full of women,' mused the Worm, 'andHubart « of the world. It therefore poeB without Buying that Hobart is fall of women.' ' Over full jagt now,*' observed the Government Hfiuso Man. ' I think thut they are about two to one.' ' It would not matter much if they wore twenty-one, only thero is an election coming- on,' replied the Worm, 'and if the\ all are (??? Iihvo votes, what a cackle we would draw down upon ourselves to be eure.' ' They would not be entitled to vote at the next election. It is too early.' ' When do yon anticipate it ?' 'In about eis or seven weeks after the usual preliminaries are over. Well, as for the next one after that, it is three years you know.' ' If things go on &b; they are we will have it all women,' said the Athletic person, 'and they will return each other to Parliament.' ' It will be a sad time for the Reporters' observed the Sunday Man, ' bnt I see that the general suffrage question isavereely treated. Only the women of property should have votes so they say. ' ' Heaven defend us against that sort of a siren,' observed the Sport ing Reporter. ' It's odds on she'll sell herself like an owl for the man who would advance her interests a penny piece.' ' How is it that we are not to have any law for the protection of the male thing P' asked Jim the Luney. ' There was no protection in the late case- where a young fellow got two years.' ' We ought to have something of the kind,' returned the Bottle holder, 'at any rate to protect the boy. What protection has a lad of indiscreet years got against n girl of a designing age f ' ' Not very tnnch I will admit,' said the Snub Editor. ' Or what protection has any lad against that kind of a motherly creature who has got through the moulting stage long ago, and by ex perience knows inst how to lead a lad astray f How many young fellows in Hobart and elsewhere have been brought to the stepB of ruin by these middle-acfed hens ? Why it's as bad over forty as it is under sixteen.' -'That Murray-street shop is a case in point,' said the Publisher, ' and there are females of all ages kept on the premises there.' ' I see,' said the Gloomy Man, ' that our old friend, Mrs. Mellin, and the ghosts have turned up again.' 'One would have thought after being exposed the way tbey were that they would have fled back to spiritland and stayed there for good,' remarked the Insignificant Man. ' It would be no loss, ' replied the Police Court Reporter, 'for they can do no good, and only bring things into contempt, which deserve the consideration of the wise. These kind of people mostly do no good fit all, but on tbe contrary hold some extraordi nary ideas relative to the rights of appropriating tbe charms of the other sex. A few days ago there came to Hobart a long and lean man with a sallow complexion and a dark mo — I beg pardon, upper lip whiskers — and if it was not known t hat the midicul ghost had left for Sydney to escape scandal, this piirty might have been taken for him. He looked like Svengali shaved.' ' Must have been a handsome man,' remarked the Barmaid. ' Very. He was in addition a mesmerist. He did not. go as far as that stage ruffian did in Trilby, nor did he stand at tbe street coi nerB and make such hideous faces that the public clocks went slow, as did a curtail] frentlenmn of mao curoni fame, but he certainly went very near i(. Ho stared at the young girls in so mysterious a fashion tuat if it had been any where else they wonld have fled in fear, but as i;. takes a bit morethiin a stare to disconcert a, Hobart girl lie proved re.ther an object of at traction than otherwise. He managed to be introduced amongst a few frieudu and became a great favorite. He etb^bited so, jmnoh skill in his mfesMerib 'tricks that the ladies came, for jand vide to experienoe his powers. ? It was amusing to ese libtf.;tt)^y kept off (he younger b,r*nohea of the ! sex Iiiom coming within the oirole of tie chermB.','. : . ? ' They wanted him *H to. them selves, I suppose,' remarked the Poet. ' Possibly. Bat they declared him to be a perfectly wonderful personage, gif teli With powers mi raculous, and averred . thut the sensation of going off was delight ful. He always scored a decent fee amdnRst them every week, and wonld have made n good thing out of it but for an aooi'lent.' 'Whit was thstp' asked tbe Barmaid. ' The arrival ««f i' scp'icU huti baud upon the soenn. He was just in time, too, and there waB a dis tortion of mesmeric ideas just then, loan tell yon. Now, those ladies wbo have been mesmerised cannot look each other in the face, for they were all so enthusiastic over his powers. Bnt they, with women's ready wit, have joined issue that the one who was found out was a hussy, for she seduced a gifted medium to the attention of worldly things, and busted tbe show. But Svengali avers that he was tiied of middle-aged beauty, and after making a collection all round under pressure of disclosure left fot Sydney.' ' I was out at a farm house down Swansea way,' remarked the Go vernment House Man, 'where there was an 'at home' given.' ' They wouldn't give an ' at out,' would they P' said the Worm. ' Ton common people do not appear to understand tbat an ' at home' means a patty.' ' Why not call it so f Had they a melodionP' ' It is not proper to call a recep tinn by any such valgar epitbol . Bat there a new form of mesmeriHtn was experienced. A renowned per son of dreamy views placed his hand npon a fair one and asked lier if she bad been ever mesmerised. And when she calmly replied in the negative be put his arms around her and gently agitated her rose bud sweetness with his mo ? ' ' Be careful please, Jany allusion to a mo ? ?? cautioned the Snub Editor. ' I was about to say ' with his mouth' when you inteerupted. But us there were several interested spectators who took notes of the proceedings it may not be the last act of mesmerism around that quarter.' ♦ ? ? 'When one 'is stuffed into tbe blue bag and the strings are drawn,' said Jim the Luney, ' it is a hard job to get out again.*' ' The lawyers' blue bag carries certainly a doleful grip with it,' said the Gloomy Man. ' I know of a case which hap pened recently where the tightness of those bag-strings was very much in evidence. An aged man had his life insured in the long ago and tbe policy panned out close up to fifteen hundred. Now they were not too well off, this old party and his missus, and finding tbat there was some possibility of the concern lapsing for want of funds — you see the policy was under the old regime — applied to a respectable firm of solicitors for help.' ' Did fche get it ?' queried the Poet. ' She did. Thut wan three years ago. Well the old fellow died and his widow applied for bis money as lieneficiaro under the old man's will. But this respectable firm of solicitors as I said, held that policy and would not release it for her un less she parted.' '? Quite as it should be,' re marked the Publisher. 'Quite as it wa6 tony way. The old lady shifted her qnarters to another city and managed to live somehow. After a while, acting under advice of some friends she determined to have a shot for her money, so she con-ubed another firm of respectable solicitors in her new city. Tbey readily took up her case and wont in lemons for her. They got something like a hundred and fifty, and after de ducting costs she netted under ninety pounds.' 'Out of a fifteen hundred claim.' 'Even so.' ' Well no law for me after that,' said the Worm. ' It gets ahead of The Clippbii.' ' I forg-'t to mention,' remarked Jim the Lnnoy, ' that the second respectable firm of solicitors who worked so assiduously for her' were WtigeiitB of the first.' ' I Jmppen to kfabw a oontrasfcingi oase to that,' said the Sunday Man; ' whiob goes to prove that all busi nesses are not the same;' ' Ybu wonld quote an ewer tion to prove a rule, I euppoBB,' said the Snub Editor. ' Take it as you please,' replied the other. ' But the oaBe I quote was of' a different kind; A woman lied worth some six thousand, and her relatives placing th« mutter in the hands of the firm in question, were successful after some little trouble in baring tbe estate dis bursed to them in regalar form. And then tbe bill — how much do you suppose f' ' I should say a moukey,' re marked the Sporting Man. ' Not nenrl v fi ve hundred pounds, under a pi-nv in faiv — well, jni-t fiiUen guineas.' ? ? * . 'So our friend the brave com mander of the old double-pouch has been landed safely on deok once more, by order of the oourt,' re marked the Insignificant Man. ' He has,' replied Jim the Lnney, ' and the enactment of our laws is each es to occasionally border upon the farcial.' ' Is it the law or the mode of ad ministering it which one may cavil at P' asked the Worm. ' In many oases tbe law is defec tive, and also in other instances it is the fault of those administering it. It seems that tbe coroner in alt cases must find that his jury shall agree, or else he has power to lock (hem up until they do.' ' With nothing to eatp' ' That would be the quickest way of doing it. But in this case six out of the seven were unanimous in agreeing toHvash their hands of all responsibility in connection with that melancholy drowning case which raised such a cry of indigna tion in Hobart, by sending Taylor before a criminal jury.' ' It was the proper coarse to per sue,' said the Publisher. ' Undoubtedly. Well, there was one stood out.' ' Was he a friend of Taylor's P' queried tbe Gloomy Man. ' I did not even hint at it. ' Any how, the coroner accepted the ver dict which was irregular, and now the whole of the proceedings at the inquest are quashed.' ' So that there was no inquest. But Taylor Btands bailed to appear at the Criminal Court next Tues day.' ' How does that bold P' 'Under irregular committal I should say he was under en irre gular bond, but being before the conrt he could be dealt with ac cordingly if the court elected to deal with him under tbe Attorney General's directions, I suppose, but it is a nioe point, and one which shows how many loopholes of es cape one can find in Tasmanian Law. ' ' If the inquest was irregular ought not the coroner to return his fees ?' asked the Insignificant Man. ' I don't know. Mr. Riddoch comes cf a nation wbo are not given to ] arting,' replied the other. ' Have you seen,'1 asked the Poet, ' our spring emblem npon our mountain ?' ' Wbnt spring emblem P' asked the Snub Editor. ' There are two letters formed by tlie snow every spring:. They are the letters S.T., and are said by fanciful persons to rend ' Sprint.' Time.' ' ' Where are they ?' asked the Barmaid, ' I have never been away from Hobart in my life, and cannot say I hare noticed them.' ' You are like most of tbe Tas mnnians, they know more about Russia than they do about their own place. If they were to pay a little more attention to cultivate the s iil of the land in which they live and develop the other resources fur export instead of bothering about other countries they would get alonsy much better.' ' You are severe. Do we not ex port npples ?' . ' Diseased fruit is erpirted, it is true, to Sydney, and a nice old game is made ot it. The Govern ment ask that all duty shall be re moved from Tasmanian products in Sydney whilst we are to place prohi bitive Customs duties on their first coming along here.' ' But a Federal policy most re move that.' ' We cannot abolish our Customs duties. We have them already up to fever tension, and although they will not bear any more stretching they are not to be relaxed.' 'Then reciprocity is all a sham.' ' Quite. As mnch as Federation is ftt present. If we developed our resources, sent good fruit, and beef, timber away, by reason of their excellence the other colonies would be compelled to accept theto duty fi«e,'or very low.', ' ' ' What has that to do with the mountain letters f ' asked the Bar maid. 'I am curious to see them.' ' If yon walk down the Sandy ; Bay road near the rifle butts just at the present time I don't see bow you can miss it. It is as plainyes Andy Fluer.v conld write, just above the ploughed field,' 'Spriug time,' said the Poet, ' is the season of the gay and the festive. It in the season of mnsio and of poetry.' ' And colds in the head,' said the Barmaid. ' Practical creature. Well aoro sticaily speaking Spring l.imt? now is coming over, Painted losunate ffitli flower* ; HiDgB tbe lark from out the clover, In tbe ware sky a rover, Near the dewy-mantled bowers. Gentle boarding-lionse conduotors To the visitors give cheer ; In tbe hope of easy captures, Merrily they buttt in raptures . ? Over, for their oominc here ! ' 