AROUND THE HILLS. A picnic and concert hold in connection with tho Durnl Band of Hope on Monday proved a very i:ujoyi\blo affair. Watoh'-niqlit torriuo was conducted at St. Paul's on Now Year's Eve. Mr. Samuel PurchaBo'a orchard and nuraery at Pennant Hills aro looking better than over. Ho hus a splendid crop of orangoa on old trees coming on. Great credit is due to Mr. Georgo Collina for his management. Tho recent meeting; ot tho i'ennant ilills Bund of Hope was as usual a auccoaa. Pennant UillB Cricket Club beit CaBtlo Hill on Boxing Day. The former Bustnined their pocond defeat this season at Hnwkeabury River last Saturday. Mr. Louia Bellamy, while playing with Pennunt Hills ngiinst Castle Hill, got a very nasty hurt on the kuuo from tho ball. Ilia knto cap was nppurently dialooutcd from tho knock, and ho h'id to retire from the game nnd take to his bod next day. Ho haa siuco ro A private moonlight picnio wns hold on Mr, James Smith's paddock on New Year's Evo, and wan a very pleasant affair, Tho Pennunt Hills ' ghost ' haa vanished. Mr. Sullivan, tho Carlingford Baddlor, is going West shortly. He intends to havo hia Anous sent to him whorovor he may bo. A well-known and reepoctid Curlingford orchardiet wout into double harness u short UmonRo. Tho affuir was a profound Becret till ho rhvo a party on Christmas night, and tho gueats then learned that it wne in celebration of the happy event alluded to. Humoured that u oortain portion of the Pen nant Hills Road should soon become tbo proporty of a young couple out thnt way by virtue of occupation nightly for courting pur poses. This is what the growers say evoiywhoro : ''The fruit is selling much better than it did last your.' Mr. Ted Black Btartod to carry thu Carling ford mails on New Year's Day. Portions of Spurwuy's Hill nt Ermington is still in a very bad Btate,' notwithstanding some recent repairs. Will the Rydo Council ploase notef Mr. Harry Cox, tbo popular ' section' of St. Puul's, Carlingford, received a huudaome and useful Chriatmaa bo:c from some of tho church people. Harry rang in tho Now Year on the Church boll. One of Mr. T. Humphiey'a horaoa, attuched to a delivery cart, tripped on tho road tho othor d'iy and broke a shaft and eomo of tho harness. Mr. Fred Rowawoll, the driver, was not hurt, but the hoi'eo sustained injuries of a minor chtiraoter. Air. Sullivan had to repair thu harness muchly. Mr. R. W. Cowoll roports fair business doing in the fruit case line. Mr. George Fitzgerald's peaches aro still a great sight to see. Tho hailstorm was experienced along the river on Saturday. No damugc done. An Ermington crHteter got a whack on tho back of tho head with one of tho hailstones, with such force that be accused one of his fellow crickoters of throwing road metal at him. Mr. T. B. McKeo's nuraery looks first-rate. Ho has a largo lot of fine, healthy-looking and vigorous lemons especially. 