CUB NAVAL DEFENCE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-Your correspondent "S.V.P.P.B.," in to-day's issue of the " Courier," takes exception to "Rule Britannia's" remarks under Uhe above (heading. I am in a position to prove that there is only one officer on (the retired list who is com- petent to take charge of any vessel, let alone gunlboats. The others aro either too old, too rusty, or never liad the knowledge necessary 'to navigate any vessel at sea. Who is there among the retired officers that " has seen active ser- vice for over twenty years in all parts of the world, and in all classes of vessels-from battleships to torpedo boats" ? Not one. One I know was a midshipman, and another was a master's mate. As to the retired H.N., who served over two years sur- veying the Queensland const In the Paluma, -the less said the better, if lie ¡happens to be the gentleman wQio at a marine inquiry asked the look-out man if the binnacle lamp was burning brightly. No, sir ; anomalies exist ali over the /world, ibut none so great as our Marine Defence Force. I think it liigh time that either the «Admiral ,of the station or the Admiralty at ihome should inquire ino the efficiency of the Naval Defence Force in Queensland. Are you aware, sir, that the ollicers (hold commissions which are gazetted in the Navy (List, and rank with, hut after, R.N. commissions ? Capable ship- masters, on joining tiiis 'brigade, are offered, after passing an examination, a commission as "navigating lieutenant," whilst the 'longshoremen get a commis- sion lu full which covers everything. I am aware that these gentlemen are studying " four-point bearings," " cob- bler's compass," &c; (but even after ¡ they ilmveí mastered all this, they still 1 will be only "drawing-room sailors." If i we want to play, let us play ; but in , such a question as naval defence we j ought to 'be in real earnest.-I am, ¿sir, , &c;" MASTER MARINER No. 2. Brisbane 24bh January. Sir,-The letters that have appeared in your columns recently re naval defence have been very interesting and instruc- tive to me and other old salts-now very ?much, out of date. But, Mr. Editor, in all old-fashioned British fair play the blame should be saddled upon the right ! shoulders. The Acting Naval Comman- dant (who, by the Avay, 'bears a good old naval name) has been among.st you for upwards of twelve years, working most devotedly to organise and maintain amongst you a naval brigade worthy of the days of old. But what support amd patronage (have your sailors received at the hands ol' the various progressive Governments since its inception ? Prac- tically none. Owing to 'the prepon- derance of the military interest in your Parliaments, the naval vote has been squeezed down to the lowest fartihlng, wliilst thousands are lavished unspar- ingly upon the land forces, thereby crip- pling and handicapping most terribly the first line of defence, commanding wlhich I formerly -satisfied the French. In your present Parliament only one member out of seventy-two (an'd .he an English mam and a Plymouth man : I knew his ancestors intimately, two of whom served under me in Trafalgar, with honour, he it said) championed the cause of what in the near future will be the Northern division of a federated 'Australian navy, tfhat will ere many decades of years roll by (be called upon to fight another hutüe of Trafalgar in the Southern Seas, to establish, and maintain for ever elie supremacy of the land my present friend andi neighbour, Captain Cook, dis- covered and placed under the flag we loved and fought under in days of old. 1 am. sir. vours. veiw much disturbed NELSON'S GHOST. Brisbane, Sith. January. / _ i,. = . .L....V Miss Ethel Oharjee has passed' iJie in- termediate examination at the Institute of Architects. Miss Charles has been working In the oülce of Messrs; "George and Peto.. 