AN INTERESTING STORY. "GLADYS." A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. BY M. M. B. PART I. A lovely morning in spring, when you seem to see tlie trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun—all nature is BO bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and a soi»£ of thanksgiving rises lo your lip3, for the fact of life, aud the blesBing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping gradually to the liver, aud filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom— au old-fashioned garden—where the Lent lilies bont their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage type, though built with plenty of space at comniaud, and showing outhouses and stabling in iU rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with this world'sgoods to live in comfort, at any rate, if not iu absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with somedaiuty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of surpassing yrace and beauty ; oue glance at the pure oval of her f;ice, at the deep gray of her eyes, and the gulden brown of her hair, " sunnin" over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands aud feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been "the beauty,"par cxccllence, of the last, three sr.-ianus. There was, however, a tinge of molanchuly in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, winch suggested tlie fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not entirely happy or free from care. Fiitiing about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone a ctated, and gradually tilling tho basket she carried 111 her hand with all the spoils of tlie garden, was another girl. Tho two were much al ke, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evidently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between the two. Beatrice, the elder cousin, was the owner of tlie pretty cottage, where also dwelt, her aunt and cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affection existed between the two girls. Up to the present moment, Gladys had beeu the chief spokeswoman, buf; the conversation had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it difficult to remain l"«ig in one place, and gathering flowers afforded a splendid exercise for perpetual nioti o " Xov, however, she came and settled herself oil the grass at her cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to anange her spoils. Beatrice continued the conversation as if no interruption had taken place. "It is all very fine for you to talk, Gladys, just because you happen to be engaged to tlie best fellow in the world— the best 'catch' of the season—a handeome man, and one who, beside all those advantages, is as madly in love with you little cousin, as if these were the days of chivalry, and you were an enchanted princess in a moated casile. He has only one serious fault that I know of, and there's no denying that lie is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." " It's the only thing that prevents our love story being as common-place as a cook s or a housemaids," pouted Gladys, " but I am always hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealausy, but you know." confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh ; " I'm so dreadfully in love with him, thut I don't think it ever can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could never give him even the slightest cause—" " Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys." " I don t mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Gladys, as if elie had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the interruption, and holding up a bunch of creatnv roses to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of paren- thesis, "or that Claude is not the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me ; but I am iure, Trixy," coaxingly looking tip into the cider girl's face to try to get her to agree, " it would have been much wiser *ud much more romantic if he had happened to te an artist, aud worn a velveteen ooat, and—" " Yes," laughingly, " yea, my dear coz, much more romantic, but not one-lmlf so convenient. It was because my lover, j Den7.il de Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Catherine forced mo to reject him. Don't •rer think, Gladys my dear," speaking T*ry tenderly, " that the most rornrmtit surroundings can ever reconcile you to saying 4 good-bva' to one whoin j*<>u truly i love. I shall never forget Denzil, aud if ! only I could see hiin oiico again, I could ! then die happHy." 4 4 Nonsense, love," said Gladj'a. putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, 41 don't talk about dying in this glorious weather ; let's think of something happy and bright, likethesun- Bhine," gathering all the flowers into a big 4 bunch. 4 Claude snid he'd be down about twelve, and take us both up the river fish- >ng. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall ever want one of my own ; but, Btill, you must allow that poverty—mind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to rags—poverty is so much more romantic thau having all the luxuries of life and a few over. 4 4 My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I c*n't imagine you with a great Borrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite respectably without either." This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth beginning to pout and the brown eyes fill with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly to her side, aud finished in quite a serious manner. 4 4 Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happiness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you— you musn'tinind me, dear. You will understand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. I am going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear 1" " Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow." 4 4 That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's ? " 4 4 No," with a merry laugh, 4, not at all; and I don't think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife, deai Trixy," watching the graceful figure till shedisippeared into the cottage. " Well, I don't wonder at men falling in love with Beatrice, I should myself ; it's quite a delight to me to watch her face, and I'm uot a man, or i suppose it would be more so. I'm quite proud to be her cousin, and for people to pretend that they see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do anything in the world for her—only I'm awfully glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled 1 look, " if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " I don't know anything about that all I know is. that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if ho had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by—" But the rest of her meditations were cut short by ' a hand being n laid over V.V. her 4 OJW. eyes. llTii.li ,. , r x i s With a little shriek of pretended disraaj', ( Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, ! to right and left. iier face looked very j rosy as she hafcidy released herself and [ stooped to picl _'p the blossoms, exclaim- ! ing in tragic Icnca,— i 4 1 Oh, Clause, how you frightened me!" 4 4 Frightened yon, sweetheart ? Why, ! whataclu.asyVr.ite I must be. But there, j never mind those flowers, Ladybird, I'll take good ca:«> nobody else frightens you while lam here." He took her in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shone like t breads ol gold in the sunshine. His blue eves rested withdeeploveand admiration on the daintv ' figure he held in his arms." j After a few minutes given to lover-like | demonstration, he seated hims-lf on the , grass beneath the shady tree, and drew { Gladys down bv his side, possessing himself of one small hand. ; 4 4 And now tell me what you were talking about when I caine." | Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she | recollected the wish that was on her lips, j "t alking ! Was I talking ? What did I ; 8 a y/ ' Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was this ^ * I could have proven my devotion by— ' " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, I ! suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our 1 private theatricals, Claude." , «• Private theatricals, indeed ! Now look 1 here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, "I won't have you talking about your de- j votion to any other fellow but mo. How 1 heart, talk as much about devotion to me as you please, I am open to as many con- t, fidences on that subject, as you like to ' make, so fire away, I'm ready." ' 4 Nonsense. Claude," said G ladys, laughing in spite of herself, "as if ono could make love to order, like a dress, or a coat, or boots." 4 1 Well, nonsense or not, private theatricals are the very mischief, and put nonsense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibitions! " " But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know—" 4 1 Charity be hanged ' Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vauity that makes all you women so ready to exhibit yourselves to be stared at at so much a head, under the guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." 4 4 Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice haB promised, and you know all the places are booked at double prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, j the beauty of the last three seasons, in ! all the latest confcctiotis that Worth has promised to send for the occasion—" j 4 4 All well and good, if Beatrice likes • to do it, and her aunt, your mother I j mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. " And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you— discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to see that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down 4 her cheeks like twin diamonds. 4 Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all | alone, by our two Belves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my -j — " " j darling, in a low, tender voice, drawing her to him, 14 you can't think what pain it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear so many other fellows* sisters aud sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. Glady's, to tind that you bail ever had a secret from me. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived me." He was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so slight a cause, but Glady's remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a certain lady, and how he had only then returned from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she answered liiin. " Deceive you, Claude—why, how could I ? 1 love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way —not a little bit." 4 4 Because I know you like having my way best—now confess you de ?" 4 4 I shan't confess anything of the kind," said Gladys, perrersely. 4 4 Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. 4 4 Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." 4 4 Where's Beatrice ?" he lazily inquired, after a slight lov-erlike pause. 4 4 Oli, Claude," she continued, in a sorrowful little voice, 44 she's just been telling ine the very saddest love story I ever heard ; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true." 4 4 Her own ?" queried Claude, more interested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, than in ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. 4 4 Yes ; that's the reason she has never married, and "—in an awe-struck whisper —"she never intends to be, because she can't forget D—" At this moment a loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. 4 4 What a nuisance ! I forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come down today and go fishing with us—you know dear, it must, be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, one yec sua must feel dc trop, at any rate I know Bhe iB just one too many, so I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets—don't you think it is a good idea, pet ?" 4 4 Oh, capital! Only it's no good ; Beatrice will never love again." 4 4 Well, at any rate, Denzil will entertain her ; he's the best fellow in the world —only came back from India last week. I ran up against him in Bond-street last night ; we were delighted to meet again— we used to be the greatest chums in the world, Denzil and I." "Denzil! What a pretty name; it soun is strangely familiar," murmured Gladyi. What's li s other name ?" |' " De Lisle—Denzil de Lisle. Why, Gladys, what is the matter ?' for Gladys had Bprang to her feet as if by an electrio ! shock, and now stood looking, flushed and eager, at her tall lover, " What name ? Say it again, Claude," -clutching at his arm as he was turning aside. J " Denzil do LMe. Do you know liiin ?" —this latter in rjuink. suspicious tones, " Why, how odd you look !'* 4 1 Do I :" laughing nervously. " No, I don't know him—I have heard tho name |—nothing more." 4 4 1 don't understand ; what do you mean V" laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. 4 j Nothing JL,WI,1|I« j, disengaging Ul^' II^II^L.l^ herself, licid 4 let me go ; I will be b;n k directly. I must tell Beatrice;" with which series of word*, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amazement. ) He niado a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cijjar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. Tlie following sentences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar:— " I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow— I repeat, if I were jealous," this last was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a 4 small pebble into the river, 4 1 should swear this was some old lover of hens; but it can't be. I'll never believe my Gladys, my littie white dove, could so deceive me." Hero he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. " No, I don't believe it, and yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that which BO affected her, I'll swear—ah, here comes the fellow himself ; I'll tackle him;" going to meet him. " He's deuced good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an j officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow." as the two men met and cordially 4 shook hands, 4 you've found us out. The girls will be very glad to see vou. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it ?" j "'Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright." "Oh, the fish are only an excuse, There's one of the prettiest girls in the you way—" Conway_'." interrupted the other man qnickly. "Did you say Conway ?" Claude's face grew somewhat sha grew somewhat shadowed, as ho answered,— " Yes. Do you know her ?" "I knew Mrs. Conway once—a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" 4 4 Oil, yes ;" eagerly. " Cladys Is—" 4 4 That name—it must be the same." He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, "Do you know I have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hear of her ? Lady Catherine Lennox iB her aunt." 4 4 She was—didn't you know that she is dead 1 But, tell me, old fellow, wliatdo you know of Glady'B ? Where did you see her? When?" 4 4 She is the only woman I ever loved," 4 rejoined the other. 4 1 love her still, though Heaven knows she treated me scandalously, Wo were everywhere together for month. I followed her like her own shadow ; she smiled but on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled—' 4 4 Gladys, are you sure it wu Gladys Conway?'' 4 1 Sure. Do I know my own face in the glass? Not better than I knew hejrs. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for feature, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the too of mv bent, »nd 1 ftas mad enough to think sue loved me, when in the spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us ; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forget her ; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she Bhould 1 ' make " a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I mot you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still uutnarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys aud hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now yoti tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her BO soon, with the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt Bhe could never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some—" 4 4 Yes, as you say, there had been soma nrstake, but you muBt excuse me—so sorry —just recollect a n.ost important engagement—you will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Conway—give that to her, I must be off at once." During these disjointed 6entenceB, Claude had scribbled a few lines iu his pocket-book and then torn out the leaf; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the firBt time, the exceeding pallor of his face. ; " Are you ill, old man ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." 4 4 No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow from the trees;" with a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Goodby." And with quick, decidcd steps, he was gone. 4 4 Really, that is too go id of him, to make himself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that ho dropped the other day, that I was to be introduced this morning to the future Mrs. Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to give me a chance of seeing her like this. I wish she would come, and yet, I dread to thiuk of it, if I should be mistaken again. Ah, my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again has so uunerved me ; but I must not meet lier with a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes !" Aud the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to find a stranger there, and no sign of Claude whatever. She advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way, and held oat a tiny hand, which Major de Lisle took and cordiallypressed,for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. 4 1 Major de Lisle, I presume?" said Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goodlymanthislovorof hercousin'a was. He was tall and flight, with a wellproportioned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was that of a man who had thoughtand suffered; clear olive skin, aud waving dark brown hair,and heavy,droopingmustache, kindlyj deep brown eyes, that women, little children and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. *' Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. He left this note for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as ho felt, truly astonished, butheld out her for hand theletter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. , 4 Claude gone—without saying good-by. How strange ! You don't know me. Major de Lisle, although you are very familiar with mv name. Iam Gladys Conway, the second." He started perceptibly. 4 4 Tlie Gladys Conway you know is my cousin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive mo," seriously, "I did not mean to alarm you. You will seo my cousin almost immediate]}', but under another uanie. Oh, how stupid I am ! No, she is not married, but has changed hci name to Beatrice Cameron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, who left- her a large fortune on that condition. Strange to nay, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of course, I do not know your history, but 1 am quite sure,*' with a charming smile, 4 4 that one whom Gladys loved must bo worth loving." "Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still free ?" he pleaded. 4 4 As free as air—or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She ie more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never inarry—that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, 4 4 she will never marry uidess you ask her again. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin—for Gladys" sake—I ask you straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her tender ones. 4 4 Why, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake, that I must forget, her, as ho was betrothed to Arthur Bankside, on account of his wealth and position. What could I, the penniless subaltern in an expensive regiment, reply to such an appeal i Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so, would she consent to be so held ? It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by belief in woman's disinterestedness. I left London that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, when the first letters I received from home told me of my accession to wealth and estates of which till that moment I bad never dreamed." 4 4 But she—Gladys—never wrote that letter you speak of; it must have been Aunt Kate—Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determtned she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Bankside didn't propose till the day after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her off, then and there, back to na, to the old house in Cornwall, whore we had lived all our lives, and oontinued to do ao till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his goddaughter, Gladys Conway—your Gladys, you know—ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother—Beatrice—and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron; so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the details ; but now—are you not dying to *ee her? Confessnoir,"added tholight-hearted girl. 4 4 YOB, indeed I atn; and can I Bee her —now—at once ?" 4 4 Yes you shan't be kept waiting long, I will go at once and find Beatrice aud send her to you, Will you come into the house, cr see Beatrice here ?" " Here, if she will come." " I am sure she will; so, once more, nil dcxpcraiuium" and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more Berious look flitted across the somewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and then a look of hope came into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there uiiuttered, aud came forth in dreamy musings. His musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him—the one voice in all the world to him. 4 4 Gladys told me— Oh, Denzil! at last." The latter portion of tAe sentence waa spoken in his arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it. on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all the love and longing of yjars seemed to find expression, and she lily quite still, with the tears coursing <lowu her face. In vain he tried to kiss them away; but she said to let hor weep, it did her good. The paroxysm of weeping soon spent itself, and Beatrice smiled up into her lover's face. 4 4 Now tell me," slio said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hands in her 4 two little white ones. 1 Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find me ? When did you come ? Why didn't you come before, I fa^e wanted you so much." 4 4 My darling ! and I you—all the time. When I received that note from you-" 4 4 Note! what note? I never wrote to you before you wentaway Denzil. Why should II we saw each other every day." "See, darling, this letter, with your monogram on it." 1 4 1 never wrote it, Denzil—never," she interrupted. " But how was I to know that 7 I had never seen your hand writing even." 4 4 Oh, Denzil t And after I told you how I loved you!" 4 4 Ah, dearest love, I was mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love without jealousy, and did I not know everyone would envy me my pearl, my flower ? When I received that cruel note from you \--as I then thought—I was stunned, broken-hearted, and wentto India at ouce, and have been there till fit weeks ago— when I was invalided home." 10 BE OONTOFTJED. At a scientific conference in France, some interesting experiments were made on hysterical patients with drugs which wens not actually administered, but were placed at the back of tiie patient's head and were used without their knowledge. 4Jndcr ibme circumstances opium produced slcep. ^lcoiiol caused drunkenness, and absinthe ^rou^hton paralysis of the legs, In women, ^ampbor gave rise to religious ecstacy, and.iD Tneo, convulsions. Uauy drugs were cmployed and all gave their characteristicjfcffccU. "" * they were all contained la ' 