Religious The Value of A Soul. By the late R.W. DALE, LL.D. "What doth it profit a man to gain the whole world and forfeit his [?]?" —Mark vill. 36. R.V. It is a very startling questions; it compels us fr> .consider some, o.ft the, more solemn' and tragic' aspects in" the order of the world. I want to remind you that it is possi ble for those who have life* to. lose it while they are gaining the world., It is not only possible, we see, it happen ing ; men about us—nay, let us bring it. borne to ourselve^Hsome of us, per haps, are already losing.our life,.dying by inohes, wiiile we are trying to gain the., world, while perhaps, we are fairly successful. You can see men dying, dy ing as trees sometimes die, not from the roots, but from the top. It is a> melan-. choly sight. Their intellect, for example, is dying year by year as they become richer. Fifteen years ago their intellectual In terests: were, vigoxoms,. varied, and acilve j now they are narrow, monoto nous, and languid ; their wfeoie-streagth has gone into the persistent pursuit of Wealthy and all.tkeir higher intellectual faculties are withering, I do not. mean merely .that. v«ne mocha of. the jbook knowledge that they had. when, i,they left sefhool or college has been . lost loss of that klpC3|R3BpaPBt inevitable, and no greay^tfrftjfoißiPes^t it. , But men not.only Ink cuelP^pftKJaKwledge, they-lose &fuf; very U^ts|pc£aal life. Through tmS^basllonate dMftflKi. to business spnWjA the'w^eHectoMLftJVwers decay, and ywrVfcn see. wfm dMCTIng, and that, I saTfr/BJa melanfcfcolf^nMng ; •they keep thei^MsM^thelp/MMrlng is as keen as «Hl&Z;|Hh|Sro Jflgher faculties are fast jNw*Jßht* #Ye no longer able to feel the encMmttneht, the fascination, the wonder of the great creations of g*niu*r-MUUm'a majestic soar, the meditative verse of Words worth, the sweet music of, Bhetyey, . the childUke, charm of t?harlea Lamb, the po litical vision of.JEdmupd Boidfce. .ana the gorgeous pomp, of his rhetoric—have |ost ail power tP console, to charm, to- animate them. What does it sioflt you to have £SQ». a year Instead of £100. or £1000 instead of £150, if all the glow and glory of your intellectual life have filled you, ff aU the *oet» and great teachers of- mankind are no longer your comrades, and friends, and you have to be content with the! cheerless companionship of men of a meaner order ? . William Haviitt somewhere says, " People often com plain, that an acquaintance of theirs who has not an idea in his head should be so much better off In the, world, than they are." Haslitt does not think that this is reasonable. He adds: "It is but fair that he,who has no ideas should have money in their stead." There is a much closer relation between the maintenance of Intellectual freshness and vigour and the maintenance of a fresh and vigorous spiritual, life, than Is generally supposed. Man's nature is all of a piece, and if in trying to gain the world the intellect is suffering and a man knows it, that man has reason to fear that still diviner regions of life have not escaped- harm. The soul's slow; death. But it Is of these diviner regions our Lord was specially thinking. And with serious earnestness, remembering the great life that many, of you once be gan to live, remembering your kinship to Ood, the hours when you almost saw His glory, the immortal hopes which were once your inspiration and your strength, I ask you, "What doth it profit * man to gain the whole world, and for feit his life?" Thtf signs of failing health, of approaching death, are not hard to recognise. Tnere Is less rever ence in worship, there is less* care for it, there is less heart in it. Christ, the liv ing Christ, Is not so constantly present to the thought; there is less of exulta tion In Him; His glory is gradually be coming dhn, and it seems to have, descended from the heights; and to have taken its place with no splendours about it among common men. Faith in Christ is less vigorous and Intense, and there is less concern that other men should have faith' in Him.' The sense of the infinite difference that it makes whether men have faith or not is not so deep, not so vivid as H once was. With the changing years there must always be changes in the religious experience of men ; but if God seems more remote, If Christ is less great and less dear than He once • was* it is because we have: begun to die. : . ■ 'Another sign of the loss-of life and' the approach of death Is, I think, the loss of power to render religious service to others. Here, again, the .changing yean nearly always bring changes- in the form of the religious service which We can render to other men. We may still serve- Christ and man in other ways, and in other ways which in themselves are honourable; but If a man who was an effective Sunday school teacher "at twenty is only a bank director or a town councillor at fifty, if he has no spiritual gift and can do no spiritual work, honourable and Christian as his present function is if fulfilled in a spirit of loyalty to Christ, he has suffered loss of life, loss of rank. What does it profit a man, I ask again, to have £500 a year instead of a hun dred, a couple of thousand Instead of a couple of hundred, if be is no longer able to catch the, passion of praise which inspired the lOtrd Psalm; if he no longer shares the triumph of Isaiah in anticipating the glory of the Divine kingdom;-if the ftre-et Paul's leve, for Christ which o*ce kindled! the fire of • Ida own heart touches hhta no longer; if he ca»"«e toftger rise with John to those transbsudent 'heights- ironk which he once saw the very light which Is the home of God; if tA«<wor.d* of. Christ are no longer more woadarful and more; beautiful' to! him than the fairest things in -earth : and sky; if tHe death of Christ nd r ' longer ' ' fills ' him with aw'fc and wonder passing all hu man speech ? ' What does it profit a man though' his wealth is augmenting every year if he is no logger conjcious that he is a brother of saints, that he ha*, passed into the., eteftial Kingdom, that he has an immortal inheritance on earth and a Joy with God? What does it profit a man, whatever his success, if once he was lead trig home God's lost children he now oan do it- no longer? He has begun to die, «nd unless he is saved he is In danger of ,the second death from which.there is no resurrecr tkm. < i -■•': Life may "be lost while we''are gaining th* werld;>life may be'lost while we are losing it. "It is hard tor the rich man to enter into the Divine king dom." It is not easy for the poor. A life of care and anxiety, of defeated hopes, of constantly recurring losses— these, too, may be fatal, and then there is the double ruin, failure to win what is .worth the having in this world and failure to win eternal perfection ln v the 'next For'life U lost/according to the worts of Christ, not by wealth, not by poverty, but <by denying Him instead of denying ourselves. And what Ho meant by denying ourselves is precisely •defined by what H* means by denying ,Hiß». To deny Him is .to refuse to .accept Him as the Lord of life, to re fuse to accept Him as actually roaster and sovereign of life, -to refuse to give Him the first place In our plan of life and in oar .ordering <tf . life. Denying ourselves is to refuse to accept our selyes as masters of our «rwn powers and of our own time, to refuse to recognise ourselves as lord of our own life, to refuse to give ourselves, our interests, our honour, our pleasure*the first place in pur plan of living. : . We lose our life whether we are, rich, or poor, successful or unfortunate, unless in all things Christ Is supreme. Does any man say, "Well, I cannot see how that is possible In business" ? «W If you cannot ydu had better give up business; if you ace a Christian man yo? have no choice. 'X Christian »»*« IMS no more right to carry on his busi nena as Christ's servant than to refuse to steal? ar Christian man is told he must ttot- steal.;.. Q»leC ; says,, .'-'But ft Is the only way I can-live." it if hot necessary that he should live,' it U necessary that he s&ould; live without stealing. A man et feuslftess nay say, "I cannot carry .on my business as Christ's servant, I most,live." Again, rsay, It is not necessary for you to live; it Is necfcssary that you should die some time or other, but to live is by no means necessary. .. ...... I do not believe, howtever, that a Christian man cannot carry on his busi ness as Chr^Vs servant, while, we re ceive, the power of the Holy Ghost, while we are Inspired men and wortfen. Christ calls you to a possible perfection; He gives you His own life to make that perfection possible. Martyrdom may perhaps have been easier than sustained fidelity to Christ and His Ideal laws through all the perplexities, confusions, and excitements of our modern life; but in the power of'Tne Holx Ghost that perfection is possible to us. There Is a frequent complaint that Sunday school work Is given up by Christian men and Christian women Just wfcen they are reaching a maturity;of wisdom and of power specially qualify ing them for it. I suppose that whan we consider (hk actual circumstances of individual cases it is impossible to deny that in a great many cases there are Adequate reason* for giving up the work. -But waat I want to say to you this morning is thta-rrif that .work is given up through deoay of Interest, then, you are beginning to die. If you have been giving up that work, and are not attempting work of another' sort which your changed circumstances would allow you to assume, there are indications that death Is approaching. No Christian man with any faculty for service Is safe who refuses to use that faculty, and if the faculty is tost must he not remember what was said* by the Master, "Take the pound from him who did not use it. and give it to him that had the ten pounds"? And ought there not to he with a conscious loss of faculty an earnest appeal to the pity and mercy of the Master that some power may be given by which'we may con tribute to the JMjpi£gStatk>ns of His ' glory In the asifcjiwUjWNand perfection of man, *B4^qUsiMto£tMto of. those about us Xf Ynfe <blsSSSihta*jS^6 which God has . dostjpfedjtit?. VnkJ&pd; give us the powHo'sme HfMvSfid the heart to ser%^qp|m MMs naMnAsake. Amen. Vj; W C^^ ISI 