Literary Notes. Tlie extent to which poultryfancying is growing throughout Australasia is shown by the attention now' being paid 'to it. Mr. -A. J, Compton, the well- known authority on game fowls, has .written and lillusfrated a. substantial book on 'Game Fowls and Game Bantams in Australia,' which Messrs. George Robertson and Co. are to bring out in November. ' A Magazine without a photograph is the claim made for In Town, and in these days of photo, process work that is claimed as a novelty. In Town certainly seems to have found its public, and its bright light short stories and excellent illustra tive sketches have made it popular. These fea tures are well sustained in the August number, which Messrs. Gordon and G itch son! us. Mr. Newnes's magazine, The Strand, which also comes to us from Gordon and Gotch, has, as special features, this month an interview, illus trated in the fashicn the magazine has made familiar, with M. Andree, the mau who didn't go to the North Pole in a balloon, and an interesting article oa Lord Charles Beresford. Here is how Lord Charles describes a Sydney adventure : — ' Lord Charles tells an interesting story about the ' haunted Dock,' at Sydney : for he cleared up a long-standing mystery when the Galatea was at that place. Cockatoo Dock was cut in the solid rock by convicts ; and every night curious tappings were heard in the vicinity. These sounds were commonly supposed to be caused by the spirits of dead convicts. One night Lord Charles resolved to find the ghost, so he took with him old Quartermaster Kemp. These two tried in vain for hours to locate the sounds. At one moment they would be certain they knew exactly where the noises came from, but when they got there they saw nothing. At last Lord Charles was forced to give up the search, and as he was leaving the place he savagely kicked at an old plank that lay on a rugged ledge of rock. This was immediately dislodged, revealing — two enor mous frogs. These were the ' ghosts.' Their unearthly eroak was always caught up by the surrounding rocks, and echoed and re-echoed here and there, until it was utterly impossible to locate the real source of the sound. ' We took the frogs back to the ship in a pail,' remarked Lord Charles , ' and the Sydney people recall the affair to this day.' ' Scribner's Magazine for August, which comes from Gordon and Gotch, is a fiction number, with contributions from a variety of more or less well-known writers, including J. M. Barrie, George W. Cable, -fcc., all well illustrated, and besides this there are the special literary and art departments, of which this magazine makes a feature, and some very striking things as to the slaughter of birds to deck the fair dames of fashion. The Australian Photographic Journal has always much of interest for photographers, and Mr. Pen der, its editor, keeps it well up to date on the scientific side. There are some very good repro ductions of amateur photographs, including one of a lion at the Melbourne Zoo, taken by Mr. Le Souef, the director of the Melbourne Zoological Gardens. ' Sleepy ' is a good flash-light pho tograph by Mr. C. Gruncell of Hobart. In the preface to his ' History of the Horn book,' Mr. Andrew Tuer said : — ' The writer has pestered countless people for information about the horn-book. Mr. Gladstone's reply was unexpected, but to the point ; he said that he knew nothing at all about it.' In acknowledging a presentation copy of the work, Mr. Gladstone has now written to the author : — ' I thank you very much for your highly- interesting gift. It has already disabled me from repeating the con fession which I formerly made, . with perfect truth, but I hope not in the terms given in the preface, for they seem to convey disparagement ; and it is a gross and vulgar error to disparage that which one does not know.' In the Australasian Medical Gazette for the cur rent month, Dr. Knaggs continues his inquiry into the psychological aspect of the so-called spiritualism of the present day. The cold bath treatment of ty phoid is discussed by Dr. F. E. Hare, late R.N.O. of the Brisbane Hospital. Hydatid disease is the sub ject of two papers, by Dr. Foulton and Dr. Yerco. The editorials are on the Adelaide Hospital and the Dentists Bill : and there are many other articles and reports of interest to the profession. | Mr. W. E. Smith has just issued the Manual of Public Examinations for 1S97 in connection with the I University of Sydney. Particulars are afforded of the forthcoming examinations, and the results of the senior examination of last November and the junior examinations held in June, together with the papers set, are given in full detail. 