MOBE ABOUT THE MINISTER. In the writings of Addison, a story is told of an ass who was placed between two bundles of hay, the sight of which affected his senses to BUch a degree that he was unable to devour either. Like magnets they kept him in perpetual su *pense, and not having a single grain of freewill to determine him more to the one than to the other, he died of starvation in the midst of plenty. This story is neither new nor copywright, but it answers our purpose. The position of the ass before giving up the ghost is precisely similar to that in which Mr. Wittenoom now finds himself placed in his attempt to act as political head of three distinct departments, and unless he soon extricates himself from this state of uncertitad6 and hesitancy, he, like the ass, will perish also. As Minister of Mines he has been a disncal failure, most of h s interpretations, of the min*ng laws of the colony being totally at "Variance with common sense, and contrary to the Act and regulations. His whole mind is seemingly so absorbed in the price of bacon and other matters attendant to country - storekeeping that he has neither the time or inclination to bother about those who, in the words of the' late - M^. Marmion, " were not asked to coihe here." Chiefest amongst the several artifices whi<jh the- Minister has put into practice to. hnmbug the mining community is the position of " Lord High Everything Else," which he has assumed in connection with the question of Mining Court appeals. In the now notorious letter sent by him to Warden Davis, he attempted to deprive the latter of bis judicial functions, and to rob the people of their rightof appeal given to them by Act of Parliament. The reason for this extraordinary act'on is obvious, as is shown by a case that in May last was heard in the Kalg >orlie Warden's Court, the evidence in which was very voluminous. : At the close of the hearing, the counsel for one of the parties asked the Warden to find, as a fact, whether or not the lease granted by the Minister to the other party to the action was done in accordance with the Goldfields Act and Regulations in force at that time. After givi g. the evidence due consideration, the Warden gave bis decision on the 29th May last in the open court, which wa3 " that- the lease had not been granted by the Miuister in accordance with the A*"t and Regulations." Section 32 of the Go'dfields Act, 1895, reads that *' the Minister with the approval of the Governor, may grant to any person subject to this Act and the Regulations, a lease of aay Crown Lane's." Therefore it is clear that ihe lease in question was granted contrary and beyond the power given tbe Minister by Parliament, by virtue o? the Goldfield's. Act, which clothes him with the antho ity he possesses, and without which 'he is absolutely powerless, and without authority, as the lease was found to have been illegally granted. In order to have it declared null and void, one of the parties to the action decided to invoke the aid of the Court of Mining Appeal. But such presumption was not to be allowed. Enough of that had already been committed by the Warden sitting ia his judical capacity, and honestly endeavouring to do justice in the cases before him, in opposition to the ruling of his political ciiief who had acted outside the power given him. by Act of Parliament. Within a fortnight after this presumptuous decision wasdelivered, the Warden received the afore-mentioned notorious communication from the Minister. To what extent Mr. Wittenoom is to be allowed to carry on this, high handed procedure is uncertain. On one pointy however, the Government may rest assured. If these e^oimities are not at once amended matters will lead to disastrous results, to say nothing of public indignation and disgust.- Mr; Wittenoom has had a veiy good innings and the time has - now come for him to shuffle off the stage of public life to the accompanying groans of the people, or like Mr. Venn, be ignommonsly sacked in his nightshirt, icr even minus that unxomantic garment. 