:.A GRAVEYARD ADVENTURE. 'Thcn, boys, I supposs I have to go 1" I addressed the party with a cheerful tone of affected indifference, in hopes that some one among the number, more fond of midnight adventures than I, would v-olnnteer to act as my nsubstitute. " Yes," replied one of the students "nilin, "the die has cast your lot.":' - f Havip r t i~n~l rnime a tool to serve -their urp&esth;'y Wshed me success it my aA'enture; and, bidding me good night, I soon found myself alone in the dissectinz-room. As I sought for the implen?ese sse- for such an adven ture as I was about to engage in, I in. ardly wisihedth'h L had never begun the study of medicihe ; 'and bitter were the ecinvee?ct?iCIjst aainstthe ate that had ,elected in-e "'t-h-e unfortunate one. tSecuring the neces-sary articles, I laid Them on the _.ble until such time as I 3as ready 'td .yly: rfiith. . It wanted two hours to midnight ; and a pass away the time, which I knew -wonld han" heavibp on liy hands, I se 'iectedfr,,u the book-case one of renni. 3more -Cooper' i woerks' "'' Oak Openings."' :eatin'_ myself, I began zniisernsal, hlop in" that it would prove su.mmentlg atrac \--ive to engrossmy attention. In vain did I try it. vy. mind was -worked up .to c- ?uh a state ofnerousez.ctei?nnt by th. Sthonghts of.comics events which 'did.?rt" "cast their shadows . before," that every line I read cont.in.e, ..n m ,y s?r nationý snch horrid deeds of -murderers, stalking' ;ghosts, and gravediggers, that in disgust 'I ho' led it from me. In its fight it came in entact with. a skeleton which stood beside the ioor, and with a dulil thump -mocked it over, scattering the bones Hithe and tlhither over the floor. With !dilatgd eyes I gSzed upon theri-eck ; but ,ebing too timiid to touch the sacred bones S?of the departedudead at that hour -of the =night, and especially when there was no ,one in naibinslzstance, I di'-?ed to let Ithe adgri , particle of said decsiased' try 'a tnight' lpi"ing on the bare boards. "S rel?.`.,thought I, as I consulted the. ;spirits -i"hj my pocket companion, in .order to rari-b my own spirits,." he - won't. ?feel any wol"e than I do." s- , Imaginen'hy feeaings -as:I..sat. there, writh 'no one to' love,_ or cheer me up .with 'xiiei?rtion. " Nothing bhut grim -old skelet?qtrsS rounding me on all sides. The "Oak Openings" had knocked over tilhe candle and blownthe light out; but I was n," left to pine away in total. dsrkrs"?s.Th-e mellow,. silvery hearms of the n}r ?,0 which" was the,, high in the 'hieaves, caey peering gently through the windows ioto -.,e room. The evening was leesr and coo,: and tihe passing winds, swaying to'and-fro the brnsches of.an old elm whic'stoo'l beside the house, caused them 6ichsonally to grate against the window blinds, and me to startle with fear, wutiie-Iwould conjure up wanderiig spirits without- sighing their mournful dirges, pehaps craving admittance to re monstrate.gainst my projected desecra tion of the'igaves of their companions. I staggered to the window and gazed forth, hoping toi..firid something without that would 4 vert.my attention. But for the low ig.igfJis=tant heeds, and a 'disodid~ant, qua-ettesgratuitously gotten up b su.:n-_ dry sympathetican'l decidedly unpathetic specimens of the feline snecies',-who were perched on a fence directly beneath my window, irf atie seened:-at rest: I w ;atortiing my mind into apitch " frenzy by -my gloomy meditations, when I heard with joy the old town clocktring oul the hour of- midnght. Hastily throwing on my overcoat, I -bnttoned it tightly about mythroat, makipg :the collar hide many face as much as possible. Concealing about my person the articles I needed, 1 slouched my hbat carelessly over my eyes, andsilently descending the stairs- T was soon put in the street SIt was a glorious night. The minutest objects were.rsible at quite a listance; and had n6ot thd moon, which was sailing maj'sticadiy through the silver-tinted eloids directly. above me, convinced me to t.he contiary, T would surely have labounred under the impression that it was broad daylight. The gentle zephyrs cares= singly touched my cheeks 'as they danced murmnuringlyv along ; andrindeed, it was just such night as gallant swains would select for?-- romenade. whereii they uin disturbed-hmight whisper into their idols' wllglig- ears the oRft-told story of their love. Butt.-tk was anything but such a night as , wonld nave selected for the per petration of-the outrage for the accom pliShnnt ofwbich I had been deleg!ated. An h?amr elapsed before I camrne in 'sight of Cpeprs'Cem-etery. As I approached its i?amdnries the cold white'marble monuments came in view ;and the unac countabl.eou-rage which I had displayed on my wa fc m the dissecting-room and through the silent streets thither suddenly Tagged I commenced trembling with fear, anti while my heart palpitated vio. jently, cad almost audibly, cold shivers van through me, and beads of icy perspi ration gathered on my brow. This was the first time I had ever visited s graveyardn in the silent, solemn hours of midnight ;and I turned to flee from the spot as i thought of the atrocious crime I was about to commit.; But thoughts of thcgcojnful contempt with which my \- - u? ions . ould recess'e me if .I proved lmj.e. ints'eir estimation, a coward ui eqri to the task, nerved me; and I de termined to secure the-"corpse 'at all hazards. Vaulting the cemetery fence with no ighnt heart or willing bound, I erredcsd beneath the-shades ofthecypress foliage tn secure my movements from any an.ajlobserver, should any be lurking aboua'? as- oftentimes the case. As 1 steakltuily crept along, thinking how miserble I woould feelshould any one dii tmrb t~pgi'sve of my own dead mother, orwhoan-I'gas then in nouroning, I was st ?dd by a voice whispering to me in slow, meas.ured accents-" Jo unto others a you would be done by." I~eurne-d to face the speaker; but no ene..wae there beside myself; and attri hntng'tlhe language used t:, some of the manjfyr tks of my imagination, I con ti~ed'my way in silence. The monbton6us quiet' that prevailed fhr~ughout tie cemetery was suddenly disturbed by the crowing of cocks in a,, adj~=cnt fan:. Thinking that the com. in""d~ was dawning, -I turned to see if . '?-foonl had gone down, when, t1pigin, lI hinbled pro-ogmt over a grave. -'felt-the ground trembling beneath me I s& ia,,?Z'---inkihg l'" i tried to- rise; 1 r-onld not, and I cried aloud for. help. Ob, the uiotold'misery of that moment l A te mendons roar, as if in his indig aitioii' Jupiter had cast a thousand thlunderbolts'at once from the hc--eou, sift' amid dlames and chaos I was sent ?ytg thringh the air. I fell again sense -Jess, and when I awoke it was only to eonfrPnt'z grim phantom which stood Aigetly 'before 'me. "'?-i l"! itommanded.and some in 'vlbIieaid brought me to my feet, for I was too weak and terrifi.d to assist mysalf With fire fla'ing from his eyeless otets, and " eth clenched, it hissed i1, ddreesse5 to me \- "JJeIrelauvre~t~sacius,-presumptuoua morta], areyon-so vile and thoughtlessas to wander at this solemn hour within the precincts of these hallowed grounds i Who living, belongs to you, that you seek them here F' I tried in rain to reply. The words I would utter melted into air on my lips, and the phantom continued: S"Know you not, oh, wretched, miser able mortal, that herein are the homes of those who seek rest in eternity ? You have willingly and premeditatedly trans gressed the laws of heaven and man. You have disturbed me, and called me forth from the slumbers of ages; and as you sought your fate herein, I shall seal your doom." It then beckoned me to follow it. I tried to turn and fly from the spot ; but I could not move a step backwards; and I had lost all control of my limbs. I tried to scream, hoping thereby to gain assis ,anue ; but my lips would not speak. "Great heaven, deliver me !" I inwardly prayed, as I felt my legs carrying me erheresoeivr the phantom went At last we arrived at the summit of a high precipice, overlooking the country for hundreds of miles around. Here we halted, and the phantom, raising its arm, pointed to the plains below, at the sametuie corn manding me to look. There was the town beyond ; and too plainly did I see, among the many buildings, the one in which. three hours before, I had been compara tively happy. Tears filled my eyes, and I bowed my heal only to gaze on the dismal, cragged rocks, thotsands of feet beneath me. I was stauding on the very brink of the precipice. The slightest movement would have hurled me into eternity, and my brains would have moistened -the moss covered rocks below. Oh, the torments, the anguish of that moment ! " Vile mortal !" began my tormentor and I looked iui to hear my fate-" you have now seen your home where once you were, and could have yet been happy had you respected the graves of our dead. You, have but a moment to live, for already I scent the morning air !" .The moment passed - It beckoned to me, saying--uCorme, come, yon booby; are- you -going to-_ay here all night ".... And a rough jerk brought, me _to.my senses. My chum, Gus Beaumont, stood bc. fore me. - - - The doctor had-finished his lecture, and I had been dreamr-in. 