ICita'atim. ' WHEN THE WORLD WASYODKGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of 'Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyllard's .Weird,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter II. —Within Convkkt Walls. More than ten yeais had come and gone since that bleak February evening, when Sir John Kirkland carried his'little daughter to a place of safety, in the old city of Louvaiu. and in all those years the child had grown like a flower in a sheltered garden, where cold winds never come. The bud had matured into the blossom in that mild atmosphere of piety and peace ; and now, in this fair springtide of 1660, a girlish face watched from the couvent Casement for the coming of. the father whom Angela Kirkland had not looked upon since she was a child and the sister she had never Been. They were to arrive to-day, father and sister, on a brief visit to the quiet Flemish city. Youder in England there had been curious changes since the stern Protector turned his rugged face to the wall and laid down that golden sceptre with which he had ruled as with a rod of iron. Kingly title would he none ; yet where kings had chastised with whips, he had chastised with scorpions. Ireland could tell how the little finger of Cromwell had been heavier than the arm of the Stuarts. She had trembled and had obeyed and had prospered under that scorpion rule, and England's armaments had been the terror of every sea while Cromwell stood at the helm ; but now that strong brain and bold heart were in the dust and it had taken England little more than a year to dis cover that Puritanism and the Rump wore a mistake and that to the core of her heart she was loyal to her hereditary king. She asked not what manner of man this hereditary ruler might be ; asked not whether he were wise or foolish, faithful or treacherous. She forgot all of tyranny and of double dealing she had suffered from his forbears. She forgot even her terror of the scarlet spectre, the grim wolf of Rome, in her disgust at Puritan fervor, which had torn down altar rails, usurped church puljjits, destroyed the beauty of ancient cathedrals. Like a woman or a child, she held out her arms to the un known in a natural recoil from that iron rule which had extinguished her gaiety, silenced her noble liturgy, made innocent pleasures and elegant arts things forbidden. Sho wanted her churches and her theatres, her cockpits and taverns, and bear-gardens and inaypok-B back again. She wanted to be ruled by the law and not by the sword; and she longed with a romantic longiug for that young wanderer who had fled from her shores in a fishing-boat disguised^as a servant, with his life in his hand, to return in a glad procession of great ships dancing over summer seas, eating, drinking, gaming, in a* coat worth scarce thirty shillings, and with empty pockets for his loyal subjects to make haste and fill. Angela had the convent parlor all to herself this i aiv spring morning. Sho was the favorite pupil of the nuns, had taken uo vowb, pledged herself to no noviciate, ever mindful of ner promise to her father, Sho had lived as happily and as merrily in that abode of piety (is she could have lived iu the finest palace in JSurope. There were other maidens, daughters of the French and Flemish nobility, who were taught and reared within those sombre pre cincts, and with them she had played and worked jiud labored at such studies as bocamo a young lady of quality. Like that fair daughter of arlljetion, Henrietta of England, ehe had gnined in education hy thu troubles which had nmdehergirlhoodfttiroe of seclusion, Sho had been first tho plaything of those cider girls who were finishing their education in the convent, har childishness appealing to their Jovo and pity, and then after being th« plaything of tho nuns and the elder pupils sho became tlie favorite of her contemporaries mid ia ft. iwuirgi' tliviv quean. &he; was wove thoughtful tlmn her class-follows, in advance of \\)uv years in piety find intelligence, and tlioy, knowing hov tod story— how olio was severed from nor ooniitry (wd kindred, her father a wanderer with his king, hor sister bred up at -i foreign court »-had fieri compassionated and tlion admired liw, From tar twelfth ytur upwards her jntolloetiial superiority had Ijwju ropugniKod in tho convent, aliko by the nuns and Inn- pupils. H»v aptitude at nil learning: ftnd \w (simple hwt profound pioty had impressed fli'i'ij-ljuly. At fourteen ypare of ftga tlmy Una christened wv 'the Uttlo wuudW j' but Intel1, ft'umg that their pvui«« emb)H'rn»tt-4 »»-d even distressed \m; tln-y had desisted from suoli loving Uatteries and w'M'fl content to wor»lm- lu-r with n silent iuiululiois, J.Iorftttlier'rtvii'KBtu tlm I'lamUU fity had )mm tew and fin u|-»rt, fondly tiiuujrVi lu» lovwl bis i)i»tli(irJ0s* (rit'l. JiMlmd Ijuoii a wunaew for tlm i«o»t nut dnrlns -h-isa -?««»'», tossra upon imaHuA fubm, lighting witl» Cundo against MAwuiu mid Qu-m) Anno and iwon ofiad u-itlt tho court Inter wljun \miea wat- WftJu and liiv friend* Hie princes were forgiven j an exile from France of his own free will when Louis banished his cousin, the king of England, in order to truckle to^the triumphant usurper. He had led an adventurous life and had cared very little what became of him in a top9y-turvey world. But now all things were changed. Eighteen mouths of Richard Crom welFs irresolute rule had shattered the Com monwealth and made Englishmen eager for a king. The country was already tired of him whose succession had been admitted with bland acquiescence aud Monk and the army were soon to become masters of the situation. There was hope that the general was rightly affected and that the king would have his own again, and that such of his followers as had not compounded with the Parliamentary com mission would get back their confiscated estates, and that all who had suffered in person or pocket for' loyalty's sake would be recompensed for their sacrifices. It was five years since Sir John's last ap pearance at the convent and Angela's heart beat fast at the thought that he was so near. She was to see him this very day; ivay, perhaps this very hour. His coach might nave passed the gate of the town already. He was bringing his elder daughter with him, that sister whose face she had never seen, save in a miniature, and who was now a great lady, the wife of Baron Fareham, of Chilton Abbey, Oxon, Fareham Park, in the county of Hants, and Fareham House, London, a nobleman whose estates had come through the ordeal of the Parliamentary commission with a reason able fine, and to whom extra favor had been shown by the commissioners because he was known to be at heart a Republican. In the meantime Lady Fareham had a liberal income allowed her by the marquise, her grandmother, and she and her husband had been among the most splendid foreigners at the French court, where the lady's beanty and. wit had placed her conspicuously in that galaxy of brilliant women who shone and sparkled about the sun of the European firjna ment — I-e roi solcil, or ' the king ' par ex cellence, who took the blazing sun tor his crest. Tne Fronde had been a time of pleasurable excitement to the high-spirited girl, whose mixed blood ran like quicksilver and who delighted in danger and party strife, stratagem, and intrigue. The story of her courage and gaiety of heart in the siege of Paris, she being then little more than a child, had reached the Flemish convent long after the -acts recorded had been forgotten at Paris and Saint Germain. Angela's heart beat fast at the thought of being restored to these dear ones, where it only for a short span. They were not going to carry her away from the couvent ; and, indeed, seeing that she so loved her aunt, the good reverend mother, and that her heart so clove to those walls and to the holy exercises which filled so great a part of her life, her father in replying to a letter in which she had besought him to release her from her promise and allow her to dedicate herself to God, had told her that although he could not surrender his daughter, to whom he looked for the comfort of his closing years, he would not urge her to leave the sacre coeur until he should feel UimsBlf old and feeble, and in need of her tender care. Meanwhile she might be a nun in all but the vows and a dutiful niece to her kind aunt, Mother Anastasia, whose advanced years aud failing health needed all considera tion. But now, before he went back to England, whither he hoped to accompany the king and the princes ere the year was much older, Sir John Kirkland was coming to visit his younger daughter, bringing Lady Fareham,' whose husband was now in attendance upon his Majesty in Holland, where there were serious negotiations on hand— negotiations which would have been full of peril to the English messengers two years ago, when that excellent preacher and holy man, Dr. Hesver, of St. Gregory, was beheaded for having intelligence with the kiug, through the Marquis of Ormond. The parlor window jutted into the square over against the town hall aud Angela could see the whole length of the narrow street along which her father's carriage must come. The tall slim figure and the fair girlish face stood out in full relief against the grey etone mullion, bathed in sunlight. The graceful form was undisguised by courtly apparel. The soft brown hair Ml iu loose ringlets, which were drawn back from the brow by a bund of black ribbon. The girl's gown was of soft gray woollen stuff, relieved by a cambric collar covering the shoulders and by cambric elbow sleeves. A coral and silver rosary was her only ornament ; but face and form needed no aid from satins or velvets, Venetian lace or Indian filagree. The sweet serious face was chiefly notable for eyes of darkest grey, under brows that wore firmly arched and almost black. The hair was a dark brown, the complexion somewhat too pale for beauty. Indeed that low-toned color ing made some people blind to the fine and regular modelling of the highbred face ; while there were others who saw no charm in a countenance which seemed too thoughtful for early youth and therefore lacking in one of youth's chief attractions, gladness. The face lighted suddenly at this moment as four great grey Flanders horses came clatter jug along the -narrow street and into tlm square, dragging a heavy painted wooden pooch after thorn. The girl opened tlii case ment and craued out her nook to look at the arrival. The coach stopped at tha convent door and a footman alightod and rang the con vent Uull to the intorestud curiosity of two or til I'M loungers upon tho steps of the town hivll ovor tho way. Yes, it was her father, grpyer but less sad of visage than at his last visit, Hbdoubht and clonk were handsomer than the clothes he had worn then, though they wore etill of tho same fashion, that Kngliisli modo which tho Cavalier had worn before the beginning of tho tcaubloB and whioh lie never chivnged. rinmedifttoly after him tlim-o nlitrliM a vision of beauty, the loveliest of ladip, v» sky blue volivtttiid pale prey fur, and with a Innjf vvlu'to feather eiimwilmg ivtsUy-bluo hat, a»d ai collar of Venttinn Jaw veiling a bosom tlmt Bcinijllatod with jp.wi:!ii, 'Hyaointli!' tried Angola, in a fhitiir of delimit. . The parti'osK peered at the visitors Unou^'u her »py-Jioli«, and being Bati*il-'d time tln»j' were flio usjjucloij guMt1* ispoedily i-|jciii-d llir heavy irim-'lampod dour. Tlu.'l'o was no one to intiTf'w lii'livi'cn father imhI daughter, siwtw and Bister, in ih' convent pin1)'!1, Angola Imd |«t U^ar peopV all to herself, Iho Mother (Superior ivsin.'fiin;; the t;oDliilt-'i)f:o» and uiUmuiii'Iii^k i/f luve, u'ltiuli neither father inn- children would wi4t to b.u witu-m-d oven hy a Uiuswaumn, U'Iiub, by a rare breach of oont'ontual dim cipline, Angela was allowed to receive her guests alone. The lay-sister opened the parlor door and ushered in the visitors, and Angela ran to meet her father and fell sobbing upon his breast, her face hidden against his velvet doublet, her arms clasping his neck. ' What^ mistress, hast thou so watery a welcome, now that the clouds have passed away and every loyal English heart is joyful V cried Sir John, in a voice that was somewhat huskv, but with a great show of gaiety. ' Oh, sir, I have waited so long, so long, for this day. Sometimes I thought it would never come ; that I should never see my dear father again.' 'Poor child! it would have been only my desert hadst thou forgotten me altogether. I might have come to you sooner, pretty one j indeed, I would have come, only things went ill with me. I was down-hearted and hope less of any good fortune in a world that seemed given over to psalm-singing scoundrels, and till the tide turned I had no heart to como nigh you. But now fortunes ace mended, the king's and mine, and you have a father once again, aud shall have a home by-and-bye, the house where you were bom, and where your angel-mother made my life blessed. You are like her, Angela !' holding back the pale face in his strong hands and gazing upon it earnestly. ' Yes, you favor your mother ; but your face is over sad for 'fifteen summers. Look at your sister here ! Would you not say a sunbeam had taken woman's shape and come dancing into the room ?' Angela looked round and greeted the lady, who had stood aside while father and daughter met. Yes, such a face suggested sunlight aud summer, birds, butterflies^ all things buoyant and gladsome. A complexion of dazzling fairness, pearly transparent, with ever vary ing carnations; eyes of heavenliest blue, liquid, laughing, brimming Svith tjspieglene ; a slim little nose with an upward itilt which expressed a contemptuous -gaiety, Jan enquir ing curiosity^ adimpled «hin sloping a' little towardslhe full. round throat; the bust and shoulders of a Venus, the waist of a sylph, set off by the close- fitting velvet bodice with its diamond and turquoise buttons ; hair of palest gold fluffed out into curls that were traps tor sunbeams ; hands and arms of a milky white ness emerging from the large loose elbow sleeve3 — a radiant apparition which took Angela by surprise. She had seen Flemish fraus in the richtst attire, and among them there had been women as handsome as Helena Wareham ; but the vision of a fine lady from tlie court of the ' roi soleiT'was a revela tion. Until this moment the girl had hardly known what grace aud beauty meant. 'Come and let me hug you, my dearest Puritan,' cried Hyacinth, holding out her arms. ' Why do you suffer your custodians to clothe you in that odious grey, which puts me in mind oE lank-haired psalm-singing scum and all their hateful works ? I would have you sparkling in whitesatiu and si Ivor, or blush - ing in brocade powdered with forget-me-nots and rosebuds. What would Fareham say if I told him I had a Puritan in grey woollen stuff for my sister. He sends you his love, dear, and bids me tell you ? there shall be always an honored place in our home for you, bo it iu England or France, in town or country. And why should you not fill that place at once, sister? Your education is finished and to be sure you must be tired of these stone wails and this sleepy town1' 'No. Hyacinth, I love the convent and tho friends who have made it my homo. You and Lord Fareham are very kind, but I could not leave our reverend mother. She is not so well or so strong as she used to be, and I think she likes to have me with her, because though she loves us all, down to the humblest of tlrts lay -sisters, I am of her kin an 3 seem nearest to her. I doiv t want to forsake her, and if it was not against my father's wish I should like to end my days in this house and to give my thoughts to God.' ' That is because thou knowest naught of the world outside, sweetheart,' protested Hyacinth. 'I admire the readiness with which folks will renounce a banquet they have never tasted. A single day at the Louvre or the Palais Royal would change your inclinations at once and tor ever.' 'She is too younij fo' a. court life or a town life either,' said Sir John. 'Aud I have no mind to remove her f ram this safe shelter till the king shall be firm upon his throne and our poor country shall have settled into a stable and peaceable condition. But there must be no vows, Angela, no renuncia tion of kindred and home. I look to thec for tho oomfort of my old a^e.' 'Dear father, 1 will never disobey you. I shall remember always that my first duty is to you ; and when you want me, you have but to summon me ; and whether you arc at home or abroad, in wealth and honor, or in exile and poverty, I will go to you, and bB glad and h.ippv to be your daughter and your servant.' 'I knew thou wouldst, dearest. I have never forgotten how the soft little arms clung about my neu-k ar.d how the baby-lips kissud mo iu this same parlor, when my heart svas weighed down by.' a load of iroji and there seemed uo ray of hope for Engsanil or ma. You were my comfcrter then and you will bu my comforter in tlio days to come. Hyacinth here is of the butterfly breed. Sho is fair to look upon and toider and loving - but she is ever on the wing. Aud she has her husband and her children to cherish and cannot bo burdened with the care of a broken-down groy b«vrd.' 'Broken down ! Whj'i you areas bravo a gallint as the youngest c-.av;i!ier in the king's (service,' cried Hyacinth. ' J. would pit my father against iloutayu of Buckingham, Biiekhuivst of ttogcomniun— against the gayest, tho boldest of thorn all, --n land or tsisa. Broken dowu, forsooth ! Wu will hear no such wards from yon, sir, for a score of years, And nuu' you will want all your wits to taku your proper place at court at- wijfo councillor and friiuia of tlm new Umw. Sijve Ins will iitvd all l»is futljm-'.s friwids ab.iut him to twich him state-craft— liuwholvis li.-il nun1.! p. ijay, good-fur-nothing iifi- us a ponniji'.-;-; rover, withai-arcoa :jouu3 coat to hi,s inoU.' 'Xay, Hyacinth, the king will havo no need of iiw old MiilijfimnU, YV«- have hud our day, Ho hits fihi'uwil Tii'd llydn for toiiusulloi', ami in that one km;; head thujv ib craft I'liiuyh tu govern a Uinsf'-u'n. The nuw i-oint will bo u \vunfj i-uiirt and thu fashion of it will Ua new. We old fe)!o»va ivho Wi.-ru g.illaut ami pay choiikU in t'.ii forties when v.ro fui'tfht iigviuiht 'Krfisi-x cud his tawnv K-avv.Ti wmiM lw Imt lniijtlmblii lii/ufi's lit tlK' ooiiri of a young1 iicm lir-'l half iit I'l'.sii «ud !;tfv|v-.J in I'Venolt fashion* nnd Fivmii fnlU-% X ??-, Hyiuiu'.h, ji i» for you ;.m! )'»?.»' hm.h:iml tin1 »;-?.?' day diiiviis, Jf 1 (jet liaclf t'« inr 'id noft'ls aiul wood* and th' l)-np'J it'liciv i uu- horn, I will alt quietly down in thu chimney iwikt ivnd take to cattle-breeding and a pack of harriers for the diversion of my declining years. And when my Angela can make up her mind to leave her good aunt she shall keep house for me.' 'I should love to be your housekeeper, dearest father. If it please heaven to restore my aunt to health and strength I will go to you with a heart full of joy,' said the girl, hanging caressingly upon the old Cavalier's shoulder. Hyacinth flitted about the room with a swift bird-like motion, looking at the sacred images and prints, the tableau over the mantel piece which told, with much flourish of pen manship, the progress of the convent pupils in learning and domestic virtues. ' What a humdrum, dismal room !' she cried. ' You should seo our convent parlors in Paris. At the Carmelites, in the Rue Saint Jacques, par example, the queen-mother's favorite convent, and at Chaiflot, the house founded by Queen Henrietta, such pictures and ornaments, and embroidered hangings, and tapestries vj-orked by devotees. . This room of yours, sister, stinks of poverty, as your Flemish streets stink of garlic aud cab bage. Faugh, I know not which is worse !' Having thus delivered herself of her dis gust, she darted upon her younger sister, laid her hands upon the girl's shoulders, and con templated her with mock seriousness. ' What a precocious young saint thou art, with no moro interest in the world outside this naked parlor than if thou wert yonder image of tho Holy Mother. Not a question of my husband, or my children, or of the last fashion in hood and mantle, or of the new laced gloves, or the French king's latest divinity.' 'I should like, dear, to see your children, Hyacinth,' answered her sister. \- 'Ah! they are the most enchanting crea tures, the girl a perpetual sunbeam, ethereal, elfish, a creature of life and movement, and with a loquacity that never tires ; the boy a lump of honey, fat, sleek, lazily beautiful. ' I am never tired of admiring them when I havo time to see thera. Papillon— an old friend of mine has surnamed her Papillon because she is never still— was five years old on the 19th of March. We were at Saint Germain on her birthday. You should have seen the toys and trinkets and sweatmeats which the court showered upon her — the kiug and q\icen, monsieur, mademoiselle, the Princess Hen rietta, her godmother— everybody had a gift for the daughter of La folio Baronue Fave ham. Yes, they are lovely creatures, Angela; and I am miserable to think that it may be half a year before I see their svreut faces agaiu.' ' Why so long, sister ?' 'Because they are at the Chateau Montrond, my grandmother's place near L-iep;-e, and because Fareham and I are going hence to Breda to meet the King, our own Kiug Charles, and help lead him home in triumph. In Lon don the mob are shouting, roaring, singing, for their king ; aud Montague's fleet lies in the Downs waiting but the signal from Parliament to cross to Holland. Ho who left his country in a scurvy fishing-boat will go back to England in a mighty man-of-war, the Nasc.by — mark you, the Naseby — christened by that usurper, in insolent remembrance of a rebel victory ; but Charles will doubtless change that hated name. He must not be put iu mind of a fight where rebels had the better of loyal gentlemen. He will sail home over those dancing seas with a flest of great white-winged ships circling round him like a flight of silvery doves. Oh, what a turn of fortune's wheel ! I am wild with rapture at the thought of it !' 'You love England better than Francp, though you must bff almost a strauger there,' said Angela, wonderingly looking at a minia ture which her sister wore in a bracelet that clasped a plump wrist. ' Kay, love, 'tis in Paris I am an insignifi cant alien, though they are ever so kind and flattering to me. At St. Germain I was only Madame do Montrond's granddaughter — the wife of a somewhat morose gentleman who was cleverer at winning battles than at gaining hearts. At Whitehall I shall be Lady Fare ham and shall enjoy my full consequence as the wife of an English nobleman of ancient lineage and fino estate, for I am happy to toll you his lordship's property suffered loss than most people's in tne rebellion r.ud anything his father lost v/hen he fought for tlie good cause will be- given back to the son now the good cause is triumphant, with additions, p?rh:ips — an earl's coronet instead of a baron's baggnily pearls. I should like Papillon to be, Lady Henrietta.' 'And you will sond for your children, douhtless, when you aro sure all is sate hi Eng land '/'said Angela, contemplating the portrait. ' This is Papillon, I know. What a sweet, kind, mischievous face.' 'Mischievous as a Barbary ape— kind and sweet as the west wind,' said Sir John. 'And your boy?' asked Angela, reclasping the bracelet on tlie fair, round arm, having looked her (ill at the mutinous eyes, the brown crisply curling hair, dainty -pointed chin, and dimpled cheeks. 'Havo you his picture, too ':' 'Not his: but I wear his father's likeness toinewheva betwixt buckram and Flanders lad1,' answered Hyacinth gaily, pulling a locket from amidst the splendor of hwooi-wige. '? I call it next my heart ; but there is a etuut fortification of whalebone between heart and picture. You have . gloated enough on tlie daughter's imjmrtiiicut vi.aag-?, loufc now at tho father, whom shu resembles in little, as a kitten resembles a tiger.' .She handed her sister an oviil loukot bordered with diamonds and hold by a blender Indian chain ; aad Angela saw the lace of tho broiher-in-linv whose kindnoss anil hospitality had been tso freely promised uj her. Sho explored the counteiiunce long1 ami earnestly . ' Well, do you think I ohosn him for his beauty:' asked Hyacinth. 'You have de voured every lineaiiK'iii with that serious gaze of yoiira, as if you wens trying to read tho spirit behind that musk of llet-h, Uo you think him handsoiiiii '!' Angela faltered ; but was unskilled in (lattery and could not reply with a conipli. m wit, '?No, bister; surely none have evercallud tiiis (iouittpnauco luuuldouie ; Imt it is a (mm to bet one chinking,' 'Ay. child, and li« who owns tho fivcu is a nmn (o rit't uue thinking. Helms mndo mo think nuniy a timu when 1 would havo 1 ravelled a daj's journey to iwnape. the thuuj'.iUi Jtt- fiirwd upon jm-, lie. wjw not made to lir^U iu the awishino of life, Hu is u stormy peirel, it wan for his ugliness I ohoso him. riii-so darlc utdrn features, (hat im perious nnmili, and a brow like tin, OJyuipiun Jove. Ha soared mo into loving him, I I At sheltered myself ujxmi his breast from the thunder of his brow. tHs lightning of his eye.'1' 'Ho has a look of hi3 cousin We:it worth,' said Sir John. 'I never sec him hut I think of that murdered man — my father's friend and mine— whom I have never ceased to mourn.' ' Yet their kin is of the most distant,' said Hyacinth. ' It is strange that thera should be any likeness.' ''Faces appear and reappear in families/ answered her father. ' You may observe thaft curiously recurring likeness in any picture gallery, if the family portraits cover a century or two. Louis has little ia common with his grandfather ; Lut two hurdred vears henca. there may be a prince of the royal house whoso every feature shall recall Homy the Great.' s-Tue portrait was returned to its hiding-place under perfumed lace and cobweb lawn, and the reverend mother entered the parlor ready foe conversation and eager to hear the history of the last six weeks, of the coliaj -.??.£ of that militai-.y despotism, which ? had convulsed England and dominated Europe, and which. was molting into thin air as ghosts dissolve at cock-crow. Of the secret negotiation between Monk and Grenville, now known to every body, of the king's gracious amnesty and promise of universal pardon save for some score or so of conspicuous villains whose hands, were dyed with the royal martyr's blood. She was full of questioning, and i;bove all eager to know whether it was true that King; Charles was at heart as staunch a. Papist .18 his brother the Duke of York was believed to be, though even the duke lacked the courage to bear witness to the true faith. Two lay sisters brought in a repast of cakes and syrups and light wines, such delicate and dainty food as the pious ladies of t!ie convent wero especially skilled in preparing and which: they deemed all-sufficient for the entertain ment of company ; even when one of their guests was a rugged soldier like Sir John Kirkland. When tho light collation had been tasted and praised tho coach came to the door again and' swallowed up the beautiful lady and the red Cavalier, who vanished from Angela's sight ia a cloud of dust waving hands from the coach window. Chapter III.— Letters fkom Kojie. The quiet days went by and grew into years and time was only marked by the gradual failure of the reverend mother's health; so! gradual, so gentle a decay, that it was only when looking bask on St. Sylvester's Eve that' her great-nieee became aware how much o£ strength and activity had been lost since the Superior last knelt in her place near the altar, : listening to the solemn music of the midnight mass, which sanctified the passing of the j'ear. This year the reverend mother was led to her seat between two nuns, who sustained her feeble limbs. This year tha mock knees, which had won the marble floor in long hount of prayer during eighty pious years, could no longer bend. Tho meek head was bowed, the bloodless hands were lifted up in supplica tion, but the fingers were wasted aud stilfened and there was pain in every movement of the joints. There was no actual malady, only the slow death in life called old age. All the patient needed was rest and tender nursing. This last her great-niece supplied, together with the gentlest companionship. No highly trained nurse, the product of modern science; could havo been more efficient thau the iu stinct of affection had made Angela. And then the patient's temper was so amiable, her mind, undimmed after eighty-three years of life, was a mirror of God. She thought of her fellow-creatures with a divine charity; she worshipped her Creator with an implicit faith. For her in many a waking vision tho heavens opened and the spirits of departed saints de- . S'jendcd from their abode in uliss to hold con verso with her. Eighty years of her life had been given to religious exercises and charitable deeds. Motherless before she could speak, she had entered the convent as a pupil at three years of age and had taken the veil at seven teen. Her father had married a great heiress, whoso only child, a daughter, was allowed to absorb all tha small stock of parental affection : and there was no one to dispute Anasfcasia's desire for the ckAster. AH she knew of ths world outside those walls waa from hearsay. A rate visit from her lovely half-sister, the Marquise de Montrond. had astonished. her with the sight of adUtiiiguished Parisionne and left her wondering. She had. never read n .secular book. iSlio knew not tho meanin;? of the word pleasure save in the mild, amusements permitted tu the convent children. — 'children' always till they left the convent as young women — on the evening of a saint's day. A stately dance of curtseyings and weav ing arms, a, little childish play* dramatising some incident in tho lives of tiie .saints. So she had lived her eighty years of obedience and quiet usefulness, learning and te:u;hing, serving aud govemiiv*. She had iiv.id through t!ie Thirty Years' War, through the devasta tions of Wallcnstein, the cruelties of Bavarian Tilly, the judicial nun-dor of Kyrmunt and Horn. Sho lm'l heard of villages burnt, populations put to the sword, womwi and children killed by ? * thousands. She had conversed witii those who remembered tho League, ; sho had seen the nuna weening for Edward Campion's cruel fate; she had heard musses sung for the soul of murdered Mary Stuart. She h.-ul hoard of Ifaleigh's visions of conquest asiJ of {fold, setting his pr'iFun-biancriei'! f.-iee towards the west, 'in thu afternoon of life, to encounter bereavement, treachery, .sic!;.?!iin^ failure, aud togolmck to his n.iti-.e England to expiate the dre.-tins of genius with the blood of a martyr. And through all tho change!) and chances of that troublous century the liad lived amyt, full of pity and wonder, in a charmed circle of piety ftnd love. Her room, iu thesu peaceful stages of the closing srx'jw, was a haven of rest. Angela loved the seclusion of the panelled chamber, with its heavily nuillioned casement facing the south-west, and the polished oak floor, on. which Uia red and gold of tho tmnset were mirroicd, ha on the dark .stillness of a moorhiud tarn. For her every objecfc in the room had its inteivst or its charm, 'J'hu associations of childhood en. foldud them all. Thu hrg-- ivu-.-y wuc-ih's; yellow with n;jt-, dim with the kisses of adoring lips ; thp ileU statuettes of Mary and Joseph, flaming with ffuudy color ; tha tigwvovj of thu Saviour iu\d St. John tlio llap tifit, ili-liearely carved out of boxwood, in a group representing the bapiUui in the river Jordan, the holy dovo tivniblii!;' um a wire over thu divine lioad; tin' bonk-1, ihy pic tmv*. tho rosai-iiis. At nil iln-se &ho; had Ifani-d i-fcivrpntjy when ;dl iliin.-:* were, now and thu cunvont passages piae-.-s of shuddering anJ ill'-* service of thu mass an iriSMtclligibia mystery. Mhe Lad frown up within those « oleum wulls ; and now, seeing her kinswoman** life goutly ebbing away, ako could bat wonder 377 what she would have to do in this world when another took the Superior's place- and the tio that bound her to Louvain would be broken. The lady who would in all probability succeed Mother Anastasia as Superior was a clever, domineering woman, whom Angela loved least of all the nuns — a widow of good birth and fortune, and a thorough Fleming ; stolid, bigoted, prejudiced^ and taking much credit to herself for the ?wealth she had brought to the convent, apt to talk of the class-room and the chapel her money had helped to build and restore as ' my «la3S-room' or , my chapel.' No ; Angela had no desire to remain in the convent when the dear kinswoman should have vanished from the scene her presence sanctified. The house would be haunted with sorrowful memories. It would be time for her to claim that home which her father had talked of sharing with her in his old age. She eould just faintly remember the house in which she was born — the moat; the fish-pond, the thick walls of yew, the peacocks and lions cut in box, of which the gardener who clipped them was so proud. Faintly, faintly the picture of tha old house came back to her ; built of grey stone and stained with moss, grave and substantial, occupying three sides of a quadrangle, a house of many windows, few of which were intended to open, a house of dark passages like these in the convent, and flights of shallow steps and curious turns and twistings here and there. There were living birds that sunned their spreading tails and stalked in 6low etateliness on the turf terraces as well as those peacocks clipped out of yew. 'i'lie house lay in the valley of the Thames, shut round and sheltered by hills and coppices, whirrs there was an abundance of game. Angela had seen the low, cavern-like larder h'jiiff with pheasants and hares. M'.;r heart yearned towards the old house, so distiuetly pictured by memory, though per chance with some differences from the actual acttue. The mansion would seem smaller to fc.-r, doubtless, beholding it with the eyes of womanhood, than childish memory made it. Eut to live there with her father, to 'wait upon him und tend him, to have Hyacinth's children tht'if, playing in the gardens as she had play'.;:, would be as happy a life as her fancy co:;;-i compass. Ail iiiat she knew of the march of events during these tranquil years in the convent came ro her in letters from her sister, who was a. vivacious letter- writer and who prided herself upon i;er epistolary talent — as indeed upon her gtr.vir.d superiority from a literary standpoint to f.io women of her day. It was a pleasure to Lady Fareham in some rare interval of solitude, when the weather was tiio severe for her to venture outside the hall «3.-;or even in her comfortable coach, and when l)_y tome curious concatenation she happened to l.-u without visitors, to open her portfolio and mat tie with her pen to her sister as Ehe would Jirvu prattled with her tongue to the visitors whom snow or tenmest kept away. Her let tc:s written from London were apt to be rare ar.rl brief, Angela noted ; but from his lord Bhiii'3 mansion near Oxford, or at the Grange between Fareham and Win chester— once the property of the brothers of at. Cross— she always sent a budget. Few of these lengthy epistles contained any thing bearing upon Angela's own existence— except the oft- repeated entreaty that she wouUi make haste and join them, or even the fiinp.mt suggestion that Mother Anastasia should make haste and die. They were of the nature of news-letters ; but the news was tinc tnred by the very feminine medium through which it came, and there was a flavor of crrotism in almost every page. Lady Fare ham wrote as only a very pretty woman, courted, flattered, and indulged by everybody abi:i:t her ever since she could remember, could 1« fov^iven for writing. People had petted her ;ind worshipped her with such uniform subservience that she had grown to thirty years of age without knowing that she was tc'lHuh, accepting homage and submission as a lew of the universe as kings and princes do. Only in one of those letters was there that which might be called a momentous fact, but which Angela took as easily as if it had been a mere detail, to be dismissed from her thoughts when the letter had been laid aside. it was a letter with a black seal announcing the death of the Marquise de Montrond, who l-ad expired of an apoplexy at her house in the Marais .after a supper party at which made moiselle, Madame de Longueville, Madame de Montausier, the Duchess de Bouillon, Lauzrin, St. Evremond, cheery little Godeau, Bishop of Vcnoe, and half a dozen other famous wits li.id been present, a supper bristling with roysl personages. Death had come with appalling suddenness while the lamps of the festival were burning and the cards were still upon the tables and the last carriage had but just, rolled under the porte eochere. ' It is the manner of death she would have cbo-r-n,' wrote Hyacinth. ' She never missed confession on the first Sunday of the month, # aw! she was so generous to the church and to the poor that her director declared she would have been too saintly for earth but for the human weakness of liking find com pany. And now, dearest, I have to tell you hew she has disposed of her fortune ; ar.H I hope if you should think she has not us-*! you generously you will do me the justice to ij::livo that I have neither courted her for 1'cr wealth nor influenced her to my dear eii'.ici-'s disadvantage. You will consider, trr.i cliere, that I was with her from my eighth yer.v until the other day when Fareham brought me to England. She loved me pas sionately in my childhood and has often told nw since that she never felt towards me as a -grandmother, but as if she had been actually my mother, being indeed still a young woman ?when she adopted me and by strangers always mistaken for my mother. She waS handsome to the last and young in mind and in habits long after youth had left her. I was said to be the image of what she was when she rivalled Madame de Chevreuse in the affections of the late king. You must consider, sweetheart, that lie was the most moral of men and that with him love meant a passion as free from (sensual taint as the preferences of a sylph. I think my good grandmother loved me all the better for this fancied resemblance. She would arrange her jewels about my hair and bosom aeshe bad wore them when Buckingham came wooing for his master; and then she would bid her page- hold a mirror before me «i.nd tell me to look at the face of which Queen Anne had been jealous and for which Cinq Mars had run mad. And then ehe would shed n tear or two over the years and the charms that were gone till I brought the cards and cheered her spirits with bet favorite game of 1'rimero. 'She had her fits of temper and little tan (rums sometimes, Angela, ajjiif needed eome patience to restrain one's tongue from inso lence ; but I am happy to remember that I ever bore her in profound respect and that I never made her seriously angry but once, which was when I, being then almost a child, went out into the streets of Paris with Henri de Malfort and a wild party, masked, to hear Beaufort address the populace in the market place and when I was bo unlucky as to lose the emerald cross given her by the great cardinal, for whom I believe she had a sneaking kind ness. Why else should she have eo hated his eminence's very particular friend, Madame de Combalet? 'But to return to that which concerns my dear sister. Regardinpr me as her own daughter the marquise has lavished her bounties upon me almost to the exclusion of my own sweet Angela. In a word, dearest, she leaves you a modest income of four hundred louis — or about three hundred pounds sterling — the rental of two farms' in Normandy ; and all the rest of her fortune she bequeaths to me and Papillon after me, including her house in the Marais — sadly out of fashion now that everybody of consequence is moving to the Place Royale — and her chateau near Dieppe, besides all her jewels, many of which I have had in my pos session ever since my marriage. My sweet sister shall take her choice of a carcanet among those old-fashioned trinkets. And now, dearest, if you are left with a pittance that will but serve to pay for your gloves and fans at the Middle Exchange, and perhaps to buy you an Indian nightgown in the course of the year — for your court petti coats and mantuas will cost three times as much— you have but to remember that my purse is to be yours and my home yours, and that Fareham and I do but wait to welcome you either to Fareham House, in the Stand, or to Chilton Abbey, near Oxford. The Grange near Fareham I never intend to re enter if I can help it. The place is a warren of rats, which the servants take for ghosts. If you love a river you vail love our nouses, for the Thames runs near them both ; indeed, when in London, we almost think ourselves in Venice, save that we have a spacious garden, which I am told few of tke Venetians can command, their city being built upon an assemblage of miniscule islets, linked together by innumerable bridges.' (To he continued.) 