BMQDEttT YARRA GLEN. AN EVENIN WITH CRICKETERS. Saturday lai; the 10th inst, was the opening day othe competition for tne Lindsay Russe Trophies, for which the majority of tl district clubs are competing. Lilyde, Seville and Yarra Glen were the corincing grounds for tne opening matchi and enthusiasm ran nigft among loctl sujorters. But the greatest interest was cetred in the Yarra Wen- Steel's Creek »tch, for after the battle of the day, the were to meet together at the festive boal at the invitation of Lu C. Mackinnon, tsq., the highly respected president of th*Jlen club. This gentleman was unanhouBly elected president of the Glen cluland vice-president of the Steel's Creek clfe at the annual meetings held recently. [Wishing to show his appreciation of jhe clubs and the game generally, he, fesides giving substantial donations, decidfl to give the wielders of the willow a pleasant evening, and accordingly the;; were invited to the banquet on Satwflay evening last. Shortly befon: seven o'clock on the evening mentioied, about 50 gentlemen sat down to the feast in the magnificent dining room of Mr Farrell's Burgoyne Hotel, Yarra Glen. A glance round the tables was sufficunc to show that it was a feast indeed, for their were choice viands of every description calculated to suit the palate of the greatest epicure. The decorations of the rooms were pleasant to the eye, while the chandeliers were profusely adorned with the clubs ^ISn all being seatedDr. Kilpatrick rose and informed the company that he would take charge of the proceedings that evening, and regretted to inform^ them that^Mr Mackinnon, who had promised to attend, had to forego that pleasure, having been suddenly called away to the Hamilton district. They would learn more about their kind entertainer later in the evening, but would ask them to charge, not the enemy, but the good things put before them. (Applause.) At first almost a dead silence reigned, every man doing his best to satisfy his appetite, and after the sharpness had been taken off, a lively conversation could be heard all over the room. After the efforts of the numerous attendants failed to get the guests to " try again," The Chairman, who was supported on his right by Mr Hubbard, sen., (president of the Steel's Creek C.C.), and Messrs Gordon and Vettler, and on his left by the rival captains—Messrs Spear (Yarra Glen) and J. Hubbard (Steel's Creek), and Mr J. Irvine, proposed " The Queen" which was honored in the usual loyal manner. The Chairman then asked them to drink to tne health of the President of the Yarra Glen Cricket Club. That gentleman was unavoidably absent so he would orly propose the toast. Mr Mackinnon was not only president of the Glen club, but was a vice-president of the Steel's Creek club, and filled the position of Host that evening. (Cheers.) Later on Mr Spear would tell them all about the Host and the dinner. (Applause). The toast was drunk with musical honors, and " three times three," after which Mr B. Cary sung "The Miner's Dream." Mr J. Spear responded on behalf of Mr Mackinnon, and wished he had the ability to do that gentleman full justice, but he would do his best. (Applause ) They all knew Mr Mackinnon was a thorough sportsman, and had often seen him in the fields with his gun and dogs, or sitting behind a pair of spanking horses. It was gentlemen like the Host of the evening that had brought this flower garden—Australia—so forward in the world of sport. (Loud cheers.) He felt sure they would all have been pleased to see their generous friend present, but he had been suddenly summoned away, and thus it was impossible for him to be with them that evening. As to the banquet Mr Mackinnon said he would be happy to give it, and left it in the hands of Mr W. G. Farrell and the speaker They thought it would be a good idea to have the Creek boys with them for the evening, and the opening match between the teams was arranged to be played on the Glen ground. He, on behalf of Mr Mackinnon, thanked them for the toast, and trusted that Mr and Mrs Mackinnon and family would long be spared to assist the Glen people in sport and other matters, as they had in the past. (Loud applause). Song, " The Rhine Wine," Mr W. J. Gordon. Mr W. C. Farrell then proposed the health of Mr Hubbard, sen., president of the Steel's Creek Cricket Club. He (the speaker) did not think he was there to propose a toast, but to keep order, (Laughter.) He was more pleased at having to propose this toast than many of those present thought, for he was the oldest friend of Mr Hubbard's present that evening. He had always known him as a sport, and about 35 years ago had coached him BO well at a ploughing match that Mr Hubbard had been returned a winner. (Applause.) That gentleman had coached a family that almost made a team that had won a trophy. (Applause * He hoped that in a few years there would be 14 or 15 Hubbards ready to take part in cricket matches. (Laughter.) He trusted that Mr Hubbard would long be spared to see his descendants play the noble game of cricket. (Loud applause). Song, " The 7th Royal Fusiliers," Mr Sowerby. Mr Hubbard, on rising to respond, was —faresiuent? or J the Creek club was not a better speaker. (Mr Farrell: He is a good worker?) (Laughter.) He regretted that Mr Mackinnon was absent, for if he were present he would be pleased with all that could be seen, lt shiwed great kindness on the part of that geitleman to entertain them in this way. (Applause.) In re ference to Mr Farrel'he was the speaker's oldest friend —weH not the best of friends, but good {chums. (Laughter.) He could endorse a| the remarks of Mr Farrell about the p|ughing match. He was his best suppoier, and the speaker thought that if he dl not win a prize Mr Farrell would givehim something that would not be so pliant (loud laughter), so he won the first pze. When he came here there was onlyime for hard work and very little crket, but since the Creek club had en formed he had always done what te could for it. If times were betteihe would certainly do more. (Appls e.) He enjoyed friendly game of icket, and took the opportunity of im] ssing on players the wisdom of acc< ing the umpires' decisions without mur. (Hear, hear.) He thought the St's Creek club always received fair treat nt, for they always played fairly. II shanked Yarra Glen for inviting them that evening, for they were thorougl enjoying themselves. (Applause). Song, " We all nt home in a cab," Mr Harry Christii Mr E. C. Morri roposed " Success to the Yarra Glen cket club." There was no toast thawe him so much in assisting at as tlpne. There was no, ' club in the compqpn he would sooner play against, and no dub in it he jouM sooner defeat. (Applause.) He always found the Glen boys jovial mal* the games between the two clubs were always played in a friendly spirit, tie S foV tL toast to be enthusiasUcaUy honored, which was accordingly done. Song : "Our »n„r Jack's come home to-day, Mr A. J. Lowman. the toast. Mr C. Bath responded to As secretary of the club he was new to the ^rk but would do his best for Jus club. (Applause.) He was pleased at being present, and also at ^eing the cluW spending a social evemng together He trusted that they would Wtina similar manner at the close of the »e«on with the Glen as winners and the OreeK as Song, runners-up. "Gilhooley's (Applause.) Supper Party, Mr C. Christie. .. Mr J. Irvine proposed Success to the Steel's Creek Cricket Club He could say they were a genuine lot of young fellows, who played for the honor and glory, and delighted m a friendly game. He ted known them, from the president downwards, for a long time, and «>uld say they were honorable in their actions. (Applause.) He could re-echo the sentiments of Mr Bath, but he d« care which club won (Thunders of applause.) If such is the result there would not be any jealousy over it. Recitation, "My mate Bill, Dr. ^Bfa 4 John Hubbard responded. They had started the trophy matches that day and everything had passed off f tl8 « c - torily, and trusted this would be the state of affairs throughout the competition. In his-ojDimon the Creek club would compare favorably wiui any competition. He hoped the Glen and the Creek clubs would finish well up on the list, and thanked them sincerely for the toast. (Applause.) Song, " Where did you get that hat, Mr A.. Richardson. Mr W. J. Gordon proposed " Kindred Clubs." He had witnessed games of many kinds at the Glen, and they had all been played in a friendly spirit, and trusted this would long continue. (Ap plause.) Song. "Stay with me, Harry dear, Mr G. Edhouse. The Chairman responded. Referring to cricket it was not only a sport, but if those present desired to know anything about it they could consult the captains present. As to the "pigskin," well, if any required tuition he advised them to call on the Master of the Glen Hunt Club, and in mentioning this he took the opportunity of saying a few words about their late friend, Mr J. G. Francis, who liked everything about a horse in good order. He was a man who always rode fair and straight, and all deeply regretted his death. Then as to tennis. In this game he was only a beginner, and would take on any novice for a game. (Laughter.) Then there were followers of the gun, and he mentioned the names of Messrs Farrell, Irvine. Spear and Smith- Bicycling had not " caught on " this district yet, but he believed several ladies were taking lessons privately so as to make a favorable impression on their first public appearance. (Applause.) Then there were the Mounted Rifles. He would like a few recruits from the Glen and could promise them a good time during the next twelve months. As to the Turf he was pleased to hear that the last meeting of the Glen club had resulted in a profit—a welcome change after so many years of bad luck. In reference to this clnb many tales could be told of those who had been connected with it in the past, but no one would be more gratefully remembered than the late Mr T. Armstrong. To men of his stamp it would hurt no one to pause as the yeat roll on and pay a tribute to his memory. (Hear, hear.) As to football it was a grand game for those who liked it, (Applause.) Song, " The Fatal Wedding," Mr E. Cary. Mr Hubbard, sen., proposed Success to the Wine, Mining and Dairying Industries. As to the former the neighborhood contained some of the best vineyards in the country, and made the best wines in Victoria, and they were so good that they had received some of the highest awards in the world. (Applause.) If they wished to know more about this good wine they should consult Mr Farrell (Laughter.) Referring to the mining industry the speaker said he was residing in the heart of the gold fields at Steel's Creek, where the yields were good, and invited all present to inspect the field and see for themselves. As much as 7ioz. had been obtained in Ghost's Gully for about three days' work. The gully had never been properly worked in the past, and its future prospects could not be estimated. He believed that Mr Farrell was the one that caused the revival of the Creek diggings, and had placed the field before the public through the Press The result was that many of the un employed had oome to the place and made a good living. (Applause.) Steel's Creek was only in its infancy as a gold field. (Renewed applause.) A lot private property was being pegged out along the flat which should give handsome returns. As to the agricultural, horticultural and dairying industries, he could say that as regarded the first-named the district was not as good as it might be. As to the fruit industry Steel's Creek produce had topped the Melbourne market this year, while the strawberries grown there had been given pride of place in the same market. (Applause.) He urged them to foster the fruit industry. As to the dairying industry he had been informed _that Jthe butter frojn Highest prices when submitted to auction and this was a splendid reference, and these facts showed forth the good qualities of the district. (Applause). Song, "Boys, always act fair," Mr West. Mr J, Vettler, who was warmly greeted, remarked that as far as the wine industry was concerned this district was one of the best-producing places he knew of, but they could not grow the perfect table grape. The district was unepualled anywhere for the production of light wines, and he considered the wine industry woold be the salvation of the colony. (Applause). Mr Farrell responded to the other industries. He did take a lively interest in mining in the district. Tho revival of of the Steel's Creek was due to a quoit tournament some years ago which was held to obtain assistance for an unfortunate miner then on the Creek diggings. About £4 was obtaiued, and this was nsed to provision the old man and his two sons for the winter, One day the speaker visited the place were the old man was working, when the latter asked him to show him a place to Bink a hole. He did so. and at the same time decided to get qew men to the field so as to thoroughly test it. He was further strengthened in this resolve when the old fellow bottomed and obtained 5 dwts. He next interviewed a member of " The Herald" staff, and laid all particulars before him and requested him to write an article on the place. This was duly published, and the result was that men came to the place, and the genuineness of the field could be gauged when he stated that nearly £20,000 worth of gold had been won since off about a quartet of a 1 mile of ground. (Applause.) They had S not been able to keep on the gold, but he believed if the place was properly worked, gold would be traced right down to the Yarra, and hoped to see, before long, poppet heads from the Yarra to Ghost's Gully. (Loud applause.) In speaking of the dairying industry he referred to the butter factory and stated he was somewhat lukewarm over the matter of starting, but the chairman had talked him over and persuaded him to stand for the directorate, aud ho was there still. (Laughter.) He regretted to state that the factory was not being supported as it should be, but had no hesitation in saying that if it were not for the butter factories half the colony would be starving at the present time. (Hear, hear.) There were some people in the Glen district that were working might and main against the local factory, but they did not realise what a benefit it was to the place. The district was suitable for the production of good butter, and the articles made at the local factory brought a higher price than dairymade butter, and he felt certain that dairymade butter would have to give way to factory butter all over the colony. He might tell them that the Glen factory bad made an unfortunate start this season, but that could not be helped, and one welcome gleam was that the butter sent away last week had brought $ per lb more thau any other butter in the Melbourne market. (Loud applause.) He trusted thac the season would end well for the factory, (Hear, hear.) He would like to see the Steel's Creek people give the system of sending milk to the factory a fair trial, and thought it could be done without any great expense, and felt sure if they did they would get a handsome profit. He thanked them for the toast and resumed his seat amidst applause. u Sons;, 4 * The sea is England's Glory, Mr W. J. Gordon. Mr A. J. Lowman proposed The Press which was responded to by the representative of THE EXPRESS. Song, " The Spring beside my Cabin Door," Mr H. Christie, who was encored and sang " Her Golden Hair." Mr E. C. Morris proposed the health of the Umpires. As far as he knew the Creek club umpires were always fair, and the other umpires also gave just decisions. He considered a fair umpire was everything in a game. (Applause). Song, "The Five o'clock Bus," Mr E. C. Morris. Mr W. Friar respouded on behalf of the umpires, as also did Mr Davidson, who said he dreamt that Steel's Creek defeated Yarra Glen by 45 runs. (Loud laughter). Song, "Time, Gentlemen, Please," Mr C. Christie. The Chairman proposed the health of Host and Hostess Farrell. It was unnecessary for him to extol their good qualities, for they were so well known to all. Those present had shown their appreciation of Mr and Mrs Farrell's efforts by the way the delicacies had disappeared. He asked them to drink bumper toast, and this was enthusiastically responded to. Song, " Let me like a Soldier fall," Mr S owerby. Mr Farrell thanksd them heartily for the toast. He was sorry to tell them that Mrs Farrell had not been enjoying the best of health lately, and could only superintend the housework. But as regarded the dinner, when they had wine from Yerinsr, turkeys from Dixon's Creek, and fruit from Steel's Creek, they could not go far wrong. (Laughter and applause.) He knew Mr Mackinnon would have been delighted to have been present, and all regretted his enforced absence. This banquet had been left to Mr Spear and the speaker so as to bring the clubs together on a friendly footing. This gathering did much for both young and old, and he hoped to see them a^aiu on future occasions. He heartily thanked them for the toast. (Applause). Mr J. Spear proposed the health of the Chairman. (Applause.) Dr. Kilpatrick had been a resident of the Glen for many years, and had always shown his willingness to assist at anything that would benefit the district. He had upheld the position worthily that evening, and they hoped it would not be the last time he would do so. (Applause). In response Dr. Kilpatrick thanked them, and said that on the last occasion of his being present in that room at a social gathering he was the guest, a position he did not care much about. (Laughter.) He would not make a lengthy speech, but would give them a recitation that had been delivered years ago in the old room of the Yarra Flats Hotel, and which was entitled " The Same Old Game." This was vociferously encored, and the doctor gave " The Sick Stockrider," and resumed his seat amidst loud applause. The gathering then dispersed loud cheers being given for Mr Mackinnon, and one and all were loud in their praises of his liberality and kindness. We cannot conclude without complimenting Mr and Mrs Farrell on the splendid repast supplied, which was served up in excellent style. In fact Mr Farrell assisted by Miss Farrell and Mr J. Farrell, were untiring in their efforts to make the guests thoroughly enjoy themselves. 