IN THE BJU1 PA^efR. ' 'In order' tUt Sbiir'^iJ^^.anay Ijrow up ue^ful ,inen fia^ women, said tlie G^yeriipu^ttJftctuBp Mbu, ' we must , educate iUoro- . Those .who will uotdoeo voluntarily mast Be made to do so.' ' ' ! ' Would ydttcbmjjel ^xafy' to .do what he cpneidet^ nnneoessary ? *' aeked the (jfoflhiy. M»ti, '! ,, . *' We are pot our [own masters. Every man is as tnnoh the pro perly of anothir as ha is liia own It is t-v that r- &son; thut we have lawii | r Tenting people from onm mitriut; suipidp, although it i« held iu some countri«s that a man may take Lib life if he chooses.'. ' And why not P ' asked the Worm. ' The State cannot afford to lose him. take for instance a taan who is ont on the ^t'l^ets with, a wife and family. He destroys himself. He is a coward tp deprive them or his presence. He may be w«ak, but he is a coward all the same. Better it were that lie cleared out and tried to help chem in anitlier colony.' .'[... ' ' Tliat is just the way b h iond of oure took it a oar hash boi.se,' said the Insignificant Man. *' The landlady called him 'Long Jim,' because be was bo leng in paying his board. Ton see ho had been reading the report of the de&ate; upon the Education Bill in the 'Ouse and it affected hie brain. He stumbled across one observation to the effect that there were certain dissolute persons who established schools for immoral purposes, and that school teachers ought to be registered. When be came upon that pai-t where the minister is supposed to have arbitrary and absolute rule over the unfortunate teachers it quite upset his apple cart, aud he told me in confidence that he intended to commit suicide by poison.' 41 What the devil had the Educa tion Bill to do with Long Jim ? ' asked the Snub Editor. ' Thai is what I asked him, and he showed me a piece of blue paper folded in two which a police man gave him. It contained an invitation from the police magis trate to ? ' ' To dine with him ?' asked the Sunday Man. ' Well no. It was to argue the point as to how much he should contribute each week to a l*dy friend to assist her in supporting a miniature photo of himself, and you see he declared t)-at be never would be part and parcel to practically supporting such h measure as that Education Bill and resolved on commit! i ig nuici'le. And it was when I pointed out to him that lie was not big own master, but bo longed to his country, he sh ok hands with me and declared that Sydney was his country and be felt that it called him to duty. The Tambo furnished the medium and now the Tasmanian Education Bill tronbles him no more. Ho never would be called a coward.' ' And the lady ?' ' She is busy locking around for some other facsimile of tlin cherub who may not. hold sucb strong views qb Long Jim did.1' * ? ? 'There are two citizens in Ho bart,' said the Athletic Reporter, ' wko although neighbors hold somewhat strained viows upon several subjects — religion in pur ticnlar.1' ' It has been a strained subject since it first originated,' said the Sunday Mau. ' With tbe couple in question it is particularly so,' ' and the otter day one crossed tbe street to the other, blue mouldy for svu argument. In the middle of a dispute concerning tbe application of the Church doxolo. gies as applied to plural votinr», a parson stalked along quietly, faultlessly dressed in a long black coat and belltopper. ' There,' said the free thought advocater, tri umphantly, ' you see that ? Well, there is one of your priests.' The other, who is of very high church viows, became vastly indignant and refuted such an idea. ' I tell you,1 said tlie other, ' that your push go about disguised as protes tant parsons to try aud convert tlie people.' ' Bnb !' returned his oppo nent, ' fool ! I pity f.e ignorance iofsneb as yon. Yon should cut off your inonstochoe Before you. talkee.'. ; '!'% f^.;,£ii4#.Vj«dBd ?-*» WPfft i^^an^iftoeuBpii^f.riitfiOlW.l* wfeat he jponsidered \uf, jnet dwsiie ^ntp,p tife.wBgei:, wUipb. wwimade in w^ing, in hi« JinndoW/With.jLh,e f^llowjng fppt»»fce s,,. ffPfct : »bQT« bat Iwap piftde, , by ,a, bugotten - iiw nanifeci-^Y-), , wJ»p,.: *o , -bm BbHme wonjdpovpHt ^ip the mpney/' ?. : 'Splnit ^ ,ba^ oausBd «oine amuse jnept/ ' 8ft d tfcp Publisher, ..,1 ,ir ' Jt fa ,v,» orowd I .pan^ell 5'oa, and' the $ubljj»Ver o£ JbB defwna tory Bta.|bimeiii! etood pomplaoeEUy l-egardiog the disoomfortui-e of -t be other par a eopjude'rab'e. parj -d. At la«t. flushed wit i \ictory he stalked i: v )bb the e- n e and -u- nevyed t,l ? battle. 3d was i -et with a furious tiradt. of talk,' rid the s(flrm raged bfgii. Everycae fully, expected that a , challenge would be o^ered and aowptedi 1 'ofc after one, ha4 (advised, the other to cut off ' ga mousfcaohe ' end the other had made sundry atlaeioUB to the late Hobart ghost they retu«d. But revenge .was at, hand, nad eUortJy .^fcer wards under ,?: (lie notice of the bet appeared the al lowing anuooncement ; ' I have bad the sacisf action of apply iag my bootn il»er to hU . Find ;iie missing word.'. ' . ' We «*« progresi ii g ? on' t, Ye democraiu-. platform -(ay by Ah-,' observed the Bottlebol ler, ''end no doubt if the metnbe 'b d m'ttoiid some of. them will get ebot out -f the democratic ticket. Why evim tbe esulu«ive ? Sydnoy Mobnixg Herm,d is coming round.' ' Wiien that concern leans */o the eide-of liberty wo will have tio Millenium,' said Jwnihc Luney. ' Not so. It has fcn advertising column wherein the boot iratto, butcbecfi, barbel's, barmaidfi, cools, handymen and respectable givls find a medium of seeking emplov ment, and, fi%ht amongst ; ihe'ie appears 'ifiii^Bd cje^gymen for a country parish in Tasmania, ai d also fot a mission difetrict. Apply to Bishop of Tasmania, Hobart..' Now if that is not coming rom d our way I don't knuw what is. Only fancy our much too utterly utter H. H. Tasmania's flock figur ing in the same rank aisthebu, cher and tbe cook, to eay nothing of tbe respectable girl !' ' Talking of advortisemonte,' said .Jim the Laney, 'I stumblfii across two the other day which wece a bit suggestive token t- gether. One runs, ' Wnntod a kii.4 person to adopt baby girl,' and fol lowing this, ' Wanted situation us a general servant in a quid family.' '' ' I suppose you would infer thnt the accomplishment of the requeft contained iu the first wan a neces sary adjunct to the requirement of the second,' said the Publisher. 'It would appear to be desirabl » at any rate put in the Bportin' Beportor, 'and I'll wager if tin) family was a very 'qniec' on-, well — ahem ? ' ' You ought to be nshamed of yourself to suggest such a thing,' exclaimed the Barmaid, 'an-, ought to koow better.' # # ? 'We have a new cycling clu '?? forming on the Domain,' remarkeii the Gloomy Man, ' and when ever I seek the consolation of eoHtndt my communings with my innc self are disturbed rudely by tht vagaries of a newly tormed brigade which goes ont there to practise.' 'A good quiet place, too, I ebould say,' observed tbe Police Conrt Be porter. ' The only people who aro out there are always too mnchtoccn pied with each otber to make inncb noise — in fact, they rather sbnn ob servation and seek seclunion.' ' Ah, well, they are likely to be disturbed. Tbe sporting brigade 1 have alluded to have determined to learn to nae. l'hey each have visions of a thousand guinea prize stickingout somewhere in the near future, but not being prepared to speculate much in the way of ex penses, have hired two bikes be- ! tween them, and stalk out daily in ' ft ghostly procession round by Go- ' vernment House to practise. The ; other day I watched a member of ' the belltopper apmy on tbi; job, and it made me ill. The gun club mem bers lined up on ona side of the ttack to watch proceedings. One j sport tried his hand at the bike, and [ after gyrating in severe elliptical curves for a few yards cannoned off a stone, against the fence aud poc keted in tbe gutter. Then another started and mode tbe most extra he gave tkn -pedal a push anil «odi etew»dDveh the embankment, On teing flaajEediover htoinabilito to eteer.iiietnlatminBlie flouted iano'b ateperaion* with mbom, and to *how iioww4ll4ie-ponld manage began n AJoonrBDrdown-tiaetrAoki There 'Was only one eolitary lamppost to steer olearof, but beioonldntdo'it. SUp into it wentAe with 'moob demon strations of joy, and*ndBd by bnBt ing bimaelf and Die machine) too.' , .V. Kotbiiig :8Brioust {-hope/' said thB PobliBbpIv '. ??-'-. » ?.?' ''? i * ? 'No few. Y»»n couldn't cqoaih fciin with a «team roller, The bik« was a bit broke np and one bandle Wf--» gone i batiat last o-ie-of -ti i»e j vbo could manage tbe wriggl m ' ouohinea little better t-ook ibold if i ,nd bolted ftr thecv r. By m' vi ti 7 bo dcove ibioagb .he em ts t-» Hbow his agility I should eay w «b {;oing yot,' ? : ' ' Wbere was tbe dog«oatcl ir^ fc\ien P' asked the Poet. - # ' # 'The wages of sin is deat' ,' quoted *be Poet, f?*od the wa; « of lie servant girl who is attr - ti v» are *be wages of ein— ' ,' Do you mean to draw the ? i duction that therefore the eervi it jyirl is death P' Asked the So b Editor. ' IJid not aoy so. It is qu e tlip oootrarv, Cor some of them i e Ii - ly enough. I know one lit e sof thine whiob came down fri a L-ti.nceston to do the dostiDg at i e himse of one of those paiticul r society ladies of ours. . You sees e wan very partionlar and would i -t hire a Hobaft girl. She had heo j somncbattbe Christian Gram]: t Society about their naughty goin rs on. Beside* the girls of Hobe 't wanted to be paid and this o -e didn't.' ' 'Quite accommodating/'reflect i tbe Sporting Reporter. ' Very much ao, as after even -8 turned ont. She talked over me ters with her husband and he beii g a good man quite agreed with bir and . recommended just sucb u conrse of action. Tbey would ai v«rrise in the uflnal pious way.' 'And did tbeyf' Asked tl..» Government House Man. ' They did, and were duly a: - sweT«d. by the npst demure ar ,1 simpering little thing yon ev r saw. (She bad such big brig! t baflhfnl eyes that one could nev. v fathom, and for fear of any eu- 1 ?resnlts happening she kept the' .: bent modestly upon the groan . She was a jewel. Only when ot 3 day the misses sent her a niessafe to town she stayed away so Ion r tkat she was compelled to mat i enquiries. 'Bnt it wa« all to r- purpoBe, for she got very little or. ? of bar at all. It was evident tb thos*} Hobart girls had qnito di moralised her later on, fir she we alvnys asking to be allowed on for a walk, complaining of a head ache. Still she was demure an tbe missus read her a chapter ou of -he Bible and put up with it.' ' A girl who pomes a hnndrei and twenty odd miles to have tb comforts of a home in exchange fo a lite of slavery cannot be expecte' to be all beer and skittles,' said tb. Snnday Man. ' This one was rather of the beei aud f kittles order as it turned on later; for the missus hearing strange sounds, with which she bar not been familiar for over a scon of yexrs, peered round the angle oi a doorway and caught her deceitfu monster of a husband embracing that wicked hussy of a Launcestor girl,' ' Giving her some of the com forts of a home wbere there w.ew no wages paid, I suppose you mean ' ' Well, so so. It wasn't the first application of comforts sbe had received either apparently, from the way rhe took it, but the missus came iown on them like an ava lanchn and the nasty girl laughed in her face. But then the 'sequel was worse than all, for it came out that her wicked worldly husband lad flrranged for that hussey to answer the advertinexnent agreeing to supply her with what cash and borne comforts his missus was defi cient in.' 'It was a vile conspiracy to defraud,' said the Barmaid. 'But what did the flat-ohes*ed anti-man society say.' 'Thenert day J the house was filled with an army of sour-faced severe old things who read prayers, sang hymns, and drank tea like steam engines. They soupht out the wretched shameless hussy to deal with her, but found that the \ was &me.;' ' j i Simbing ontintoa wuuftv iweaznt bfE 'anfl 'ekeoaddlfea. ? %B, ba- /*ot #inD»beBttbeanloflas4^kinMlold &o;$W'i. -Blieve,feeye3j^p^pe of eternal -puniBnmOBt wf^BQMts in after life, for fas's Kettittg'tilj eh&re; itiibWtimMm ™a -??? ''People who suffer ife^nroooa. eional ftttacke of sboj^We* ;of tem per,1' ; said ' tyi ', $npd|y l(iU|, « we also afflicted occasionally Iwitfo gts oiE^rgetfuJnjgi, Jhe^erday I was np jit \jnmt *t % £well Ma vhsu ;^pe of i*0 vaxH^ty left ns quite hurried' tf. W« were porry at first, b'nt wliiin we 'ound ihathe had left behind him , ft bag ef orsters we rt-joiced, for we knew t^at h^ ^yMoon return. As ho difl|mt 1$SiJ0mck, we opened the bag .jusb ^Wi reminded of him likejlwd^n^fee of us suggested that ^fl wqIjWSb s(iU more for cibly wMnd^ af topi if we ate one idea wo follJveait »p3? Jhev. were good oyatera— very '. good— and when at last nothing wap lett bat the shells aud two emptv stout bottles we rejoiced und were ex ceeding glad, for we learned to ap preciate the excellent taste of onr friend.' ' But. you should not have appro priated his property,' remarked tha Bottleholder. 'Bo the landlord naid, and we agreed with him. It was wrong, decidedly wrong. None of us would be guilty of snob a thing, so we pnt all the shells together again into the bag with the two dead marines, as an indication of where the insides bad gone and they were given to him' next morning so that he might have no cause to grumble.' ' It was adding insult to injury. Whit did be say P' 'Went and procured an enormous barraoouta's head, and stuffing an old boot into it sent it on to the landlord for his lunch.' ' A return of compliments.' 'Quite so. Compliments are effusive np Davey-street way you know. And not to be outdone a gallant ex-captain penned him a note of invitation to sup with them and wipe oat all scores. It was duly nccepted and he of the oysters was asked to carve. Lifting the cover of the dish he saw — what do you suppose f The head and boot which be himself had sent the Landlord. Them was a relaxation of facial muscles then you can bet, and the Ancient one appeared to enjoy it as well as anyone.' ' I thought we were all too dead in Hobart for jocularity,' said the Police Court Eeporter, 'but it would seem not. But oysters make one giddily inclined you know.' 