THE SEASIDE, Sr. KILDA. I The charms of St. Kilda liave been tbotougbly appreciated during the holidays aud crowds ? have flocked thither from ell parts of Mel bourne, aud even now tlie stray visitor may be found with his wife and little ones picnicing on the sands. All seem to recognise the power and grandeur of the sea : —How many have wished to recolleot their thoughts on first seeing ihe ocean f Memory cannot reoall them. This is a penalty men pay for travelling at so much earlier an age than did their fathers. Other generations saw the sea for the first time when the mind was formed. Then they could register their feelings as they called Tholatta 1 Thalattta ! Thus in Kebble's ca«e it was not until he was 20, and had taken his degree that he first caught sight of tho sea. Yet this ? mature vision had its drawbacks. Childhood, and espe cially boyhood, lost that sense of variance and power wliieh the sea confers, and the most critical periods for budding genius missed in conse quence the mental stimulus which thus accrues. A certain feebleness of language, a falling short in that grandeur of sentiment which marks the greatest poets, may be noticed in KebLe's verses, and these defects may probably be attributed to in a great measure to this want of sea influences. Contrast (of course in Btyle only) the flights of Byron's poetry, that — ' Eagle with both grappling feet still hot', From Zeua's thunder,' With the polish and glow of The Christain Year. The difference is at once apparent. The one is a ru6h of imaginative vigour which will not be denied vent, and bursts through all barriers , the other rolls obediently between well-ordered banks. Tho same feature is dis cernible in the Laureate^ poetry, the outcome of early Lincolnshire impressions, where tbe sea is what the ancients would have called a sea that is no sea, a far-off power shrouded half the year in fogs and gloom. The only influence to be named together with the sea is tbe neighbourhood of mountains. The glow of aerial colour which is con* stantly flitting over these repro duces in great measure to a keen perception the perpetual motion and change of the sun. The world's greatest poets have fed their imagi nations on both. Tet the first sight of the sea in childhood is none the less an epoch in existence of its stirrings of the soul cannot be recoiled. The rapid locomotion that took us to it, the emancipation from lessons and the irksome regularities of home life, i the sense of an enlarging horizon of ' experience, these did but pleasantly lead up to the mystery of nmteries I on which hearts had bo long been 6et, and of which for months tongues had loved to prattle. The child's wings were rapidly being fledged. To lie down upon a strange bed amidst sea-sounds and unusual bustle was another delight not unreprO' duced, we may be sure, in dreams. But morn brought the crowning blisB, to dash down before breakfast without a hat and regardless of All nursery proprietors, over tbe scanty turf of the ' links,' past tho black windmill where wooden bowls and spoons were turned, across the deep rutted sandly lenc never mended but by wind and weather, with a scramble on tbe opposite side over the roucrh stone wall, and then — one look, and there lay Fairyland ! Long yellow sands, fringed with fantastic ally-hung boulders, led down to a vast grey water, heaving and spark ling into infinity, where here and there a golden ripple, and far away one white sail which was carrying modern Robinson Crusoes to islands of the blest, decked with all the wealth of tropic vegetation which a child's imagination could conceivc. Yes, there at last was the Bea : — It is Ihe sea, it is tbe aca, In all its vague immensity, Fading and darkeniog in the distance 1 And then camc a rush orer the I blown sandhills amongst dry bladder* I wrack and sea-waifs, where the shoes were filled with sand ; the glance at the pin sea-stocks and globe campions (all that at a that time could be spared them) ; then the somewhat toilsome drag over wet sands dotted with savages' footprints to the edge, where, wonder of wonders, a thin rope of water came rolling up to break into a little sheet of foam, and then another, which went over the ankles, till at length their meaninir flashed unon their mind. These were wavos! Then ensued the return with large wistful eyes, and the old domestic's re proachful shout, ' Master Philip! how could you go a-wetting your feet before breakfast ? ' How well it all comcs back upon the memory. ! Yet what a sea rolls between that point of time and the present ! Ay de mi. ay de mi. As for the golden days of youth by the sea, who shall venture to paint their pleasures? What noble hopes are then cherished ; what high ambitions, what great purposos aro entertained ? Life and the world and renown, with nil their specious power and promise, lie before the young man. He has never known defeat hitherto, when he has once set his heart on anything, never been baffled in his plans. More potent than Archimedes, he feels that he holds in his hand the lever, which will move the universe. Happy they who have a father at this dangerous period, to check them in their extra vogent longings, to teach them that power and genius must bo directed to one point, not dissipated on .mani fold ends. Multitudes make ship wreck of the fairest prospects for | want of sustained effort in one field i of thought So many foes axe ^ leagued against this cardinal virtue, inseparatable from 6UoceBs, that reso lution is sorely tried. And to falter liereiir is .fatal. Especially may one's own heart cause him to Btumble. Unless vouth betimes atona its cars. like Ulysses, some siren, who, as in age yet haunts the seaside, may Jure him to idleness and so to destruction of many a bright dream ; for the generous emotions are strong, and the fire of love blazes forth at a glance or a word. Host people pos sess a romance whose ghost is laid by the sea, ondosod in a summer month and cast into tho occan of the past. And most people, wo may add, are fond, at certain times of imitating tlie fisherman of the Arabian NighU, opening the lamp and suffering the imprisoned spirit to spread himself over the face of heaven and earth, 'No man over forgot.11 says Kmeison, ' the visitations of that power to hiB heart and brain which created all things new ; which was the dawn in him of music, poetry, and art ; made the face of nature radiant with purple light, the morning and the night varied enchantments; when a singlo tone of one voice could make the heart beat, and the most trivial circumstance associated with one form is preserved in the amber of memory ; when we became all eye when one was present, and all memory when one was gone : when the youth booame a watcher of windows, and studious of a glove, a veil, a ribbon, or the wheels of a carriage; when no placc is too soli tary, and none too silent for him who has richer company and Bweeter con versation in his now thoughts than any old friends, though best and purest, can give him ; for the figures, the motions, the words of the be loved object; are not like other images written in water, but as Flu* tarch said, enamelled in fire.' But all these attachments, which, like morning breezes merely ruffie tho placid waters, as tho years pass on culminate with many at the seaside in that true and lasting devotion, whose flower is marriage. Thence forth the sea is sacred in the hus band's eyes. Its influences have largely coloured two lives, and those glories never wholly fade. It again becomes the all-sentient sympathis ing friend dowered with all the gifts of imagination and fancy, invested with the air of mystery it woro'in childhood, which familiarity and absorbing activities in after life had greatly obliterated. Old age finds no keener outdoor pleasure than to resist tbc seashores familiar to it from childhood. Then memory and reflection summon tho past to their silent sessions, as the man, cheered, it may be hoped, with all of love aud deference which should accompany old age, watches at evening tho fishing boats hoist their sails to pass the harbour-bar ere the tide falls, and so. with their large brown spread of canvas, Sweep majestically into the night. The grandchildren, it may be, play around ; their father walks up and down unfolding to his approving wife in the intervals of his cigar the plan of his great work On J)imor+ phwHf which is to waft him on to fame. All things around him, the aged man ponders, arc full of hope and innocent enjoyment, and looking on to some higher stage, some bless tng to blossom in the future. Has not the reflection a comfortable bear ing on his own years, which are fast nearing their earthly term? And if the inestimable boon be further granted him of knowing that his life has not altogether been spent uselessly and selfishly, if he be con scious of a good fight not unfairly | fought, if not a few memories of | kindly deeds beset him, of efforts | made not only in vain to cany out I the law of love in his denlings with I others, if peaceable thoughts and pure fanciet* and righteous deeds and helping words have been tho diet on which he has fed his soul, who would not envy him this retro, spoct of life, mellowed by tho sea's freshness, and with each hard out line softened by its gracious in* fluences? Then, turningfrom the past to tho present, the sea spread out before him, with its eails mysteriously sinking below the horizon to 'seek another world, must noeds remind of the numberless , philosophers and poets who have loved in view of it, 'that im mortal sea which brought us hither,' as well as the sea which rounds our little lifo, the unknown waters on which, when our anchors are once weighed, we must darkling make our voyage. The sea is this the latest, as it was our earliest, in. etructor. Its vastness, its bright ness, its union of perpetual agitation, with central peace— all these quali ties are but symbols of the future state, gb they served in youth for the work of fancy, or of encourago ment and 6olace in manhood. From this world's sea old ago thus insen sibly passes to the *' sea of glass unto crystals,' before the throne of God. Finally, in order that it may strengthen the man about to suffer this ' sea change' in a higher sense than Shakespeare ever dreamt, the notion of trustfully waiting is also inherent in the sea. Lowell seldom wrote grander words than when ho thus dwells on this aspect of tbe sea and the home beyond : — Tbc droopiog seaweed heare, in night abystcd, Par nnrf mnt* far far lh» rru.DAinf. shocks, Nor doubts for all darkness and the mist,* That the pale shepherdess will keep tryst, And shoreward lead again her foam fleeced flocks, And though Thy healing waters far with draw, 1, too. can wait and feed on hope of Thee And of the dear recurrence of Thy law, Sure that the partiog grace that morning Abides its time to come ia scaroh of me. 