DOKEENiH The* Story of ii Singer. BY EDNA LYALL.J t(All Eights Reserved.) CHAPTER X. (Continued.) ' You can boo hia piotnre in Monkton Verney Hall now, and the ghost ia as ' 'like the pioture ao ogga is liko agga. ' ? * ' Ib he insido tho Priory or outside ?' . '?? Well, I rookon it is whore it would havo been tho insido, but the outer wall * 'boinpj all down, you can see him. plain ; lie kneolo thero prayin' and prayin' to ho forgivoE. Mony'n the night I've ^innrd hia uitiful cries, — fit to make , Tour blood run cold.' 4 A bansboe, io it ?' oaid Doreen. Doos \- Lo forotoll miofortuno ?' ' ' ' ' Owle,' whispered Max; 'I have '- ' oftoa Been them, and hoard them, too.' ?' Oh yes,' said Goody, not heeding the iuurmur of tho Sodducee who owned ?the ruin. ? Doubtless, he foretolla mis fortune ; there's always misfortune to thorn as owno this property.' ?Now, Goody, put it mildly,' ooid Max, laughing. ? You know there are rxceptiono to prove every rule. And if rou made out ouch, a black case agaiuat Monkton Verney, you will be frigbten . ing my gueBt away tho very day she come.' 'I always had hopes of you, sir,' said Goody, looking into hia blithe, c icerful faoe. ? If ever there was one fit to re verse the ill-fortune of the place, — why ihen, it'n you. But it's seen many a aud 1ale. There was Lord Roy lo, who got it first in King Henry's time, and turned out the Prior and spoiled the church ; that's tho one that walks,' she added, with a glunoo at Doroen. ' Ho lived to bo an old isan, and oaw every one of hia children come to a bad ond.' ? For my part,' said Max, smiling, ? I -think it'u uncommonly hard that I should be made to suffer for tbo sins of Lord Royle, which took plaoo in 1530. Tho place was bougkj ?J?ith monoy which my father hod honourably earned aB a ',:.... civil engineer, and why can't you let ae enjoy it in peace, Goody ?' ?- - Tho old woman shook her head. ' ' There'll never be peace in Monkton Verney,' aho said ; ' not lasting peace.' ♦The same might bo said of most bouses in tho world,' said Max, en v tirely unconvinced. ' Show me the xamily that in three generations con trives to eaoapo great and grievious trouble, and I will believe your legend.' 'Have ye heard tho doom, miss?' asked Goody, turning to Doreen for * - sympathy, and scanning her Keltic face with a keen but appreciative glanoe. ' Oh, ia there really come rhyme about £tF' asked Doreen, eagerly. \- Somo beautiful doggerel ; but it aoundq improsaive when Goody says it, specially in the twilight,' said Mas, with a mioohieviouo twinkle of fun in hia eyes. ? The rhyme was found, miss, in the , old ohuroh register, written in the mar ? gin by ? the margin of Lord Eoyle'o burial,' said Goody j and, in Blow, mea sured accents, she repeated solemnly ihe following doom : — ' 'Gained by mjud, No good shall come; ? None Bholl find .'.???.?? - ' A lasting homo. . ? -?'??-: .::? ','??'?'? Peace shall ne'er ? ? So; here again, ? ?? ' ?? 'Tilltheland ,;; / '- Ia freed from stain, . .? ' ? s - JTMb ia Monkton Verney.'s doom. jLoid, let Thy blesBod kingdom come.' ' These was a minute's silence, then the '«ld wcsiBii picked up her bundle of 1 '' fireTOVsL ... ? ' * 'Tie getting late, sir, and the lady \- trill be ti&lng; cold,' she suid. ? I wiah i ye both gsod evening.' . They bade her a kindly farewell, and thanked hor tar the story. \- * Lady Worthington will bo hero to ' morrow; and sho will be coming to see yon for certain, sGoody,' said Max ; ' she loves nothing better than to hear you tell of tho ghost.' \- - They turned away and orossed the gark to tho shrubbery, tha old crone ?' v 'pausing more than once to look after ??' /„ *- , ihem. ?'????? ? 'Yon'a a bonnyrlboking lady,' she I aaid to horseir ; 'aud there's that in her .l'ace that, might likoly enough reverse the doom. It would be a tine thing if she was, indeed, to bring peace to Moukton V«miey and lay tao ghost. The ^uire, he do ueecn took with her, but he bo young and a bit headstrong, and with a temper that ill brooks contradict ing ; and I reckon tho ludy herself is a trifle too much of .the eame Bort of temper, — holds hor head like a queen, oho does.' ? Isn't oho a funny old ooul ?' said Max, as they walked briskly homo ; 'I liko to ooo her eoioirm durk oyes grow bigger ao oho eayu that wretohod bit of doggerel which, to her, ia more beauti ful, I am euro, than ony poom in the world,' ' Thero was something quite uncan nily prophetic about her whole air as sho eaid it,' replied Doreon, smiling. ' And yet, you know, thero is truth in tho words, — ? ? Gained by fraud No good can come.' Why, really, the wholo rhyme might be applied to the way in which the Act of Union was gained. It'B a sort of Homo Rule song, and I couldn't help thinking, as she said it, how you English cheated and tricked us out of our parliament.' 1 Now, here is fresh light on tho pro blfltn,' aaid Max, laughing. ? Lady Worthington and her eiator uro for ever telling me to restore the churoh, and I tell them I will wait till ttie congraga tion is ready for it. You think that by turning Home Rulor I shall eet right this ancient wrong.' ' No, not thio ono ; this ia your own private affair, and the other a national matter. I only compared ono with tho other.' ' Ah, yes, it was to bo almshouees, or a convalescent home. But I don't really think it's fair that I should suffer and try to muko amends- for somebody oleo's wrong doing.' Doreen turned and lookod at him for a moment with pi'zzled eyeo. ? Why,' ehooaid, ? I thought that was exactly what we had all promised to do. Isn't that following Christ ?' She had tho usual Irish habit of speaking with the utmost frankness of spiritual things ; in her voice there was no elijihtest change, no conventional tone of piety : there was to her no borderland botween sacred and Becular, and the effect was strange enough to otartle an Englishman. Some would have deemed the tone irreverent, but to Max, after the first shock of surprise, it seemed like the unaffected sincerity, of a child ; and baok into his mind there flashed a remembrance of a mountain side, and of a little figure in a red cloak, and of a sweet-toned voico; end ing the graphic description of a night of terror with the words, ' Afterwards God talked to me, and it was better.' ? Do you rocolleot that morning on Kilrouk,' he said, « when you began to make plane for the future and fised me with the ambition 'of being a public speaker? You seem to have the gift of inspiring people with ideals. Your scheme is certainly more practical than Lady 'Worthingtsn's. It oven begins to make me feel a little uncomfortable.' ? Why uncomfortable f ' ' Uncomfortable as one feols in the morning when the boll rings, and you know . that before long you must get up juat when you long to lie lazing.' ? You are .not very, complimentary,' 3aid Doreen, laughing. « Never before have I been compared to anything so disagreeable ao a drea3ing- bell.' Then, ib they paused to close the gate leading into the shrubbery, she glanced once more at the gray old Priory. « Do you know,' she exolaimed, ? when old Goody was aaying that misfortune always fol lowed the owner of Monkton Verney, I couldn't help wondering whether that bad anything to do with your ill-luok in being present that day on Lough Lee and witnessing the struggle between Mr. Desmond and — ' She broke off suddenly with an in voluntary start, for at that moment, as they turned a sharp angle in the patb hedged in by olosely clipped shrubs, they came suddenly upon Baptisto, the Frenoh servant. ? Mr. Stanley has oulled to know if he can speak to you, sir,' said the man, speaking, aa uaual, in his native ton gue ; for ho had proved eiairularly alow n acquiring English, and still protested thut he could not iindorutimd it unless apokon very elowly. , 1 It is the manager of our coffee tav orn,' said Max 'What a plague the fellow is to oomfl just now! I suppose I must go and soo him, and, perhaps, vou have bad as muoa walking as you caro for.' ?Do you think,' said Doreon, with a feeling of vague disoomfort, « that Bap tie to can have heard what I wao talking about? 'We came upon him so cuddenly, when I nover dreamt any ono wae there.1 ' Ob, I don't think ho conld possibly make anything out of such a fragment, as that, oven if ho heard the wordo. And, aB a matw of fact, I don't sup pose he did hear, for ho is a regular duffer at learning English, and knows little more than when he first came to us. We should not have kept him only he is bucIi a^ handy fellow, and always gets on with people.' \- ' It was carolos9 of me to speak about it at all,' said Doreen ; ' but I made sure we were quite alone, and it is somehow puoh a relief to be able to speak of it now and then.' At that moment Michael caught sight of her, and came running across the lawn, while Max, vary loath to attend to business, went in to interview tho manager of the coffee tavern. Baptists, in the meantime, had retired to his room in the servanto' wing, and, unlocking a desk, had drawn forth o ohabby little note-book. Sitting down by the window to catch the fading light, he made the following entry in French : — ' To-day the 18th April, being five yearn and eig it months from the time of Mr. Fpxell's disappearance, I travel led down from London to Monkton Verney with my master, Mrs. Hereford, and a young Irish lady, Mies Dora9n O'Ryan, now becoming noted aa a pub lio singer. Heard much talk about thia lady's childhood, oho being a daughter of ono concerned in tae Fenian rieing eonio years ago. She wao alsp .''?^ying near Cast'ie Karey at the timw/^f Mr. Foxell'o death, aud accoinpaiy ;d my mastor and Mr. Desmond or. the 18th August on an expedition to Lough Leo, as before mentioned in my journal. Taking a message to my master late this afternoon, I heard him closing tbe shrubbery gate, and paused behind a bush in hopes of overhearing their talk ; was 'fortunate enough to hear Miss O'Ryan use the following noteworthy words, ' Your ill-luok in being present that day at Lotigh Lee, and witnessing tbe struggle between Mr. Desmond and — ' ?? Compared with Mr. Desmond's words let fall during delirium; I am in hopes that at length we have the clue.' CHAPTER XI. ' Not perfect, nay, but full of tender wants, No angel, but a dearer being, all dipt In angel instincts, breathing Paradioe, Interpreter between the gods and men.' The Princess. Dorekn was so happy that first day at Monkton Verney, that she was almost inclined. to regret tho advent of other guests, and inhospitably wished General Hereford had not seen fit to ride over from the camp in time for lunch. He same, bringing an atmosphere that 3omohow was uncongenial to her, and she could scarcely help smiling when Dermot drew her Confidentially apart as Boon as the meal was over, and in tbe sof teBt of voices asked, « Ib that Mr. Worldly 'Wiseman? He's so awfully like him.' ?Why, Dermot, what a goose you are,' said Michael, reprovingly. ? He always aeems to be thinking that he sees people out of books I The other day, when we were in Firdale, there was a cirous passing through the town, and on one of the cars there were two lions in a oage ttnd tbs tamer in with them, and Dermot shouted out, - Look, look ! there's Daniel in the lion's den !''??? Doreen laughed; but eho thought Dermot had very accurately hit upon a likenesB for General Hereford, though eho could hardly have deBned what it was about him that she disliked. He carried off Max to tho amoking room, ao that she had plenty of time to muee over her somewhat uncomfortable first impressions, and Mrs. Hereford presently proposed a drive, relapsing bofore they bad ended the first mile into a gentle lozo, and leaving her oompanion to the jnjoyment of the ecenery and of her )ffn thoughts, ?*T' ' :...? - .'' ~ ~'- »g '*; ' .''''i' ii--iv'. ?I-wiah he hadnoi|,conie,! she said tc heraslf.- *IIe Beemepto be1 for' ever eit ting'ib judgment upt-n «verytbiug and everybody, and he 'p'&tr;'oUSOB Max, — bow hatefel- it' is' to 8e^*;/2yone patronise , him!' 'Po be' Bnro; hi was onoe his' guardian, and'porhupa ilis tho remains of tho old'manner ia ^lioh he treated him as a'boy,— 'but tl.;itbe, of all men, □hould dare to 'do it ! Aman so inferior' ia every way,soehal!.OTi»'d oolfish and conventional, -one ofthotoldly c«nsori ous people- that can' cove' be stirred up into an honest' enthuaiiim over any thing. I'deteatfhim/ ;mi I am- euro ho deteato mo.' At thia moment Mra.'-Bxefdrd' awoke, refreshed by her' nap,1 atf wot in tho le^at imagining-' that afa had really slept. Sno began to toll d the 'Worth-- ington's, of their ohildron,if Sir Henry's kindness to Mas-, and of ibhelp he had' alwayo been to her. |Thoy are our oldeai' rJends,'; oho said.. * Katharine and I wre at sohool' together cs girlo,-and Sir' Wry waa a college friend of my hunbad's. What ' they yrero to me aS the ti-tof my hta-- ' .; band'o death, 5 can- hovcc'til you ; and all through tLe difilcultiuy o later years when I co greatlytieedod ilvice, thers has alwaya been Sir Hbnrto turn to. In many ways he was ciort truly my son's guardian than' Genorj Hereford.- ' and Max, though not at hi agreeing with many of his views, ha tae most profound veneration for ldta ' Did I not hear that Lady Worthing ton was Irish ??'. said Doreen 'Yes, but not of your] jtrauasion,' ; aaid Mra. Hereford, amiliaj * Still I think you will like each- o&fcr;, ? I foel certain of it ; Lady 'VVbrthinton takes strong likoo and diolikes :? Iml-ahall be greatly surprised if you two c not quite fall in love with each othor.' The surmise provod corre:-t.or Doreon instantly felt a sense of Inhip with' the tall, graceful, bright -fed Irish woman, whose rapid me/ aenta and rapid talk, and keen, q-..Jr glances, - were so full of animation! 3d vitalitv that oho eoemed youager'U fifty than many, women ct thirty, jj j watohed a littlo/jaxiouely, tp/yya wbr her impres- - ^o^^w^swifwould be,;.lr he kner --'#'' fromvi£pGried'ciivthat/'f^tfe 'appenod f\ i*M take a dislike to any 01 isfi3 would-',''' take small pains.to.conco^' |; he knew that Lady Worthington hi Iheard from his mother of Doreen'B I fetory ' and1 parentage,. and though wil'Waro that politios would, an uaual,' ta tabooed' subject during the Worthi i|Ons' viait, ' he waa a little, afraid thct'he might start with a prejudice agiiifc Patriok O'Ryan'a daughter. 1 But Lady Worthington, wl had pro teated to her husband all tho/ay from the station on the folly o£ rs. Hero ford in humouring her son'ii ilmiration for the penniless daughter ,of] Fenian, waa fairly caught and erftb'HUed tho very moment the girl waa irtJ duced to her. For about Doreen th're Urtainly was a curious poWt,r of agination; perhaps it lay in that f akjsincerity which had so .charmed L t. leroford that genuine goodneaa of ' ,lat ire with- ' out guile ; or again, it mi j t have boon ' : in theunquenchable brigh ESQ of apirit, the mirthfulneas of whicasorrow and care were powerless to c i-sh. But it was a fascination which f „? could re- ;' sist, and it appealed to whi {^as highest mothers, not merely to tb« aensuouB nature. {\ A very merry and oheor, 4 dinner en sued, and Doreen's heart *a8 entirely won over when, af terwardc , jady Worth ington begged to see litt c Bride, and went up with her to tho lght nursery to visit the children in 1 j[. She had three children of her own and Goemed to have endleaa experienc of all child ish ailments. , 1 ' they are^. careful conifd-a, my dear,' she said. « But very real! 'somfort* for all that, and V don't think oversaw a more charming little qturtotto thau youra.' ' | ,To Doreen, who was qui'fo bb proud of her children -as though h0 had; beon their mother, thia in itself was enough, to Btamp Lady Worthing tea as a delight ful andy diecorrjing por.'on. tihe was amused tfeer icliael'a 'Jcnight-hke do- ±^ votiontot , ,: ? .-de, Max lai^h h~,%Mf- 1 tolling him .^o-^yrBcommen ,.' '' *VA' ? (to be continued). Printed and publiabo^by J. PlovvI'.ig'it and ,,j,l C. Dawson at thp'^MOUB Printin- Oifioo ^ Delegate,; .ij-f° '^iony of New^South ™;i^1i| ? ,.. . 