-NOTES FBOM IIAUNOESTON.I . . . fPflQH OUR OWN 00BBBSP0NDENT.1 J est at proseat LaaeMtoo bout of mild BSDSMien is ibe shape ef a 11 Rhest" ctrs, of a chartotsr similar to that wbieb fsr eama wseks put bu so »x.ited , h portisa of tbe popaltion of. Hobut that tbe matter was brosebt andar tbs notioa of.Mioiatara by a qasstioa in the House of Assimbly, The iodividaal ap North who is emalating (he ibiicJ-pb trioka ef iha Hebirt " gb ist" is Voo.owh»t of aa obi- qaitoas ohiraotcr. if, indeed tbaro are net really raw than oae. Atroi lima ha tKK«)3 ap hie « ami nmr ihe Gatholio Ohntcb in Margaret street, at another be makes bis appearance in tha vioioity ef the Ho nan U«tbnlta barial greand, while th ontiyiur rtrautv of Invermay are also similarly baantetl. Several people, leveiiok oeoples generally, hi vs > Iraady been soared late lb 1 middle of oext week, bat, still, tbe .pieetiofti joker gate oneeethed. On Thorsiay vnolag ba ie said ta have been (ibuid fita Babington streit, where be myslerioaely disapured,- to eih'irga agaia , from hit hidii-il«ce noine rfurt time, aft r sod clu nh li'd ef a la.1 weeding bis way homeward, whom he told in terrify- lag tenet t» p-ep»r to am t bio God. Tpe yeaog fe'fow f eli 'O tha gr«aod as if sbai, end has. tot yet raovered from tbe thock by a I ng way; ,Fmat»s have fainted in tha meet approved fashion at tb'a.moi&- ster's appraaeb/ead many Jra fiigbtend to stir oatsidartiielr diore In the avarfig As a Git' desperate re«c«roe tbe yontbful popalatlOQ are said to be arming with a low ef rlskiag a premataie aseant to Mn'gdom oome in a dctermloe l endeavor 10 rid ewie'y of I'-t present pat avtriion. Lei ns hope that ihh U»d«b.e ambition m tbe part ef yoang Tasmani« will "at end; in the woult rf tho Guq bnit. Boy— dust. Frera imsatioe to f eiiog Is a short and aataral piauy. aid our pr sent condition may 'fairly be d>ntrine.| "Trilby" road. Laonfleetou pr.MuL-e to go. fairly off i(n ant- over t .a -adv-mures of- this atrangf FrantO'Iriib uiedsl ef tba Latia Qqutler at tba gay city af Paris. Wilbin a t sry bort time of ihe opining ef the plan every east waa bookal in the eirote, and at 6), 8s,and 2t, h mey b-j imiglned that tie hocH ua tbe 27b lost will amply »b:w that bare, os elsewhsre, tbe Oliver stage adaptation ef: De Manriei'i popnlar book will completely captivue tbe tbeitrr7geing public. Tha play waa firat prodaoed at ba Malbearne Piifioess Thraira 00 April 6 rf Ibis jair, and.it is bKirotd that linos thm His Trilby or»a» bi Irceght mere grl t :e Mesaie Williamson A Mnegrove'e mill tbin any ether . play asnt to tbe co'ook . Trilbyleiu .i'i te ibsm prcved a vcri able geldmlQt. iO inatnuoa tho extent of the ertze, . it may .be .said that Mr Do ; Maorier Is at nrasenft reseiWng over £200 a. wctk far the Amerlaan rights el >00 of bis drsroetiied eUr., te say nothing of the Ibsmnda.ot poends ba natud by. tbe phenomenal sale af tie book. Thle little olty la sew thoreagbly Infcoled PMformMooT I p" com"/,';"'10"1''0 Wi" foll""l» rtg'iSLi for h.Vicg dw.it an It «t .noh l.noihiti prmifng an.nlraity of longing 7, V, Tl"Jby dl»' , A»i> «K«t nil ii i,M nnd don. til rn I. little oh, to ll,„ -i8fiP ; 1,.ET0-'J'lb!n19 nmontonoa ' nnd dnll, nnd Ihn mo.t pnrnnr.ldi- dt.it, t I" <"'« <l«y by dt. 'h. j ill ( fii?'! 8 Md R"1" to bid nnd that without a raoon.nt'n fwron th. oorn if hi. hnvln xiiMd aom, WlU," ro.klnK .pooh of hi. lit., . , .7- Oo. littlo inovoui.nt, hjwc.or, ht> b.on net on foot whlob m.y or ni.j not dsvoto. into nomolblbR big. I rof.r t.-tK, poanl lo oalnbliili nn Arhor Diy, th» nn. 'Itnlnnrjr .rranR.in.ntn for wbioh aro i.- being innbnd on witli n view of holdinn tba hli» ceremony on the fir<t second Wednoeday !q Augns. The idea is te enlist the -oyropetbv of Ihn yoang In. Ibn, pr.jeot, ,od mod, if nit ill, .f the city .nlBood.y obooli ht.o tljhiflid their willinRnem to t.n> in nollT. put In tho Implanting whi.h it hi. boon decided .bill i.k. ,i.» I on th. Bnnryoir It.i.r.e, nn lb. 0.t.r.rt I Bill. llhl,1w.tltjthi M»n wUI,bo ()nK for I tba roonglion «t Ike Ironj and th. otT.iln. I of thorn up i, to fan p'.rform.d by lb, phildrno, whole intereetjn lho prejiot hu tie.n oaciidor.b'y'atiiiiiil.tod'by in.hct I thnt lho oercm.ay wl'l .ns.r. theoi 1 I bilf.holtdny. Whether the exerol-o it I rhoT.lling n' littlo e.rlli roond |h. Iren I will li.yo nay .ppreclib'o «S,ot In dr. cra.aiog the aninbrra ot the goco'i hen'. I tome wlioa. noli nt y.nd.ll.ui .. uu|.ii,||, H .dlioonnt th. .rtingn of their eonimoi I nana, end - oS.od the ny>. of - Ibiii I Idir. nod bsttcra ' i.m.isi lo bo nu H The. ndnontv. of. on annul Arb.r Dit I Htloi that it'wIU do innoh'ln thin dlnbtin I end .In. onrvi.tn .fluent., ibe gm.r.l Im, H of Ihn ooramnnity/ In tbe dir.otioi i| I ei.lemet'o ire.plintiag, nod there |. j, H donht Hint If only > tenth put if ihoi I 1 zpnoln'.ioo, uo rulimd th. orr.mei, H will not. bay. bun ioelltotid in Ti|t H 0.rtoin it ii that the lark if rnvtruti H wbioh oharactarii.o ih. oiloni.l yoitb.nl H wbioh Inn been as aft.n ojmm.nted ipoi H 1\. by nn maio,,. onnfined. to thaw, lot , H too often ilnw'n In the p.edli.r etyliii H whiob, where nelora hee beeo Impronl uyoa, bo will per.i.t io " imprtTlig-ih H original improvement .Imoit If. net ibn. H lntoly ont .f eni.tond./ 