CLACKERY. " But still his tongue run on And, with its everlasting clack, Set all men's ears upon the rack."— HUDIBRAS. V.D.L. Bank holds about £9000 in scrip, and the Central Balstrup mine, at Zeehan. FORTY-SEVEN years have passed over Hobart since 'Ben Bolt' was first warbled upon the boards of the Theatre Royal. It was then a new and popular melody. and was suns; by Frank Howson who afterwards departed for the State?. The theatre, which was built by Mr. De Graves, was then a popular and con tinuous pleasure resort. Thb versatile D'Arcy and Eva Stanfield Opera Company stage Les Cloches de Corneville. at Zeehan prior to their depar ture for the North West Coast, where the c\ will appear in all the principal towns. Patronise the StanSelds and remember yonr poor sides. Skatbd in one of the rear seats of the circle during the opening performance of Trilby was a lady of an evidently nervons temperament. As the green-hued lime light illuminated the corpse-like fane of the mesmerist Svcngali during one ef his realistic act* she turned to her neighbor, and in an audible whisper said, ?' My goodness ; fancy meeting him as a ghost out by night alone. Wherever did Mr. Ashton find such a scarecrow 7' Yotrtro men, or even giddy old roosters, who get to kissing girls against their will are hereby reminded that at Perth (Woatralia) the other day a 'gallant Howard' was fined, 410 for kissing a girl in a railway train. In Weatralia the little pt&chee; put a fair price on their lips. In Tasmania a different state of things ozist. If a girl feels in a kissable humour she'll have a few whet her you like it or not. At the same time you never know when you may strike a rusty one. Anyhow — ' beware ofkidderel' ALL greengrocers encouraging Cliow gardeners at Zeehan are to be boycotted. Tug cyclist craze is rather jealous of its rival, Trilby. One night during the recent season the votaries of the latter were subjected to the torture of seeing a bike fiend of Lcetle Cillic proportions ex hibiting bin ' bicycle legs ' in the middle of the dress circle vestibule. His audience was small but considerably interested when, as they felt lhe animal's leg, they were a^ured that they wore real bike development. By jove ! Lio Medo, the West Indian elocu tionist and character delineator, will give three performances at the Town Hall next week, commencing on Monday evening, when he will render selections from Macbelh, followed, by a funny and instructive phrenological discourse en titled ' Moments of Beflsction.' On Tuesday he will give a number of se lections from ' Piokwiok,'1 and on Wed nesday will discourse upon Matrimony, an ever fresh subject. Platform deline ations of character are given in free. The the fifth concert of the season nnder the management of the Drapers' and trocars' Early CloJing Association on Wednesday evening vat given in aid of the Teqiperauoe Alliance nnd Hall fundR, and drew an immonse audience, the Tem perance Hull being crowded. As usual the management, under Mr. C. H, Lam prill, bail prepared a splendid programme of VGC&1 ami instrumental items, besides a couple of recitations, and the whole were produced with marked success. Mb. H. U. I'uhk, the well-known City lleElnurant miuagur, owing to increasing business has removed to the more commo dious premises, situated almost opposite the Union Hank, and until recently well known as the 1'alace Restaurant. Mb. Me Williams, late editor of the Launceeton Daim* Telegeaph, is now busy taking ovci the TabmaNIAN News property. He is satisfied with the pros pects of making the papers, payable specu lation, and alio bringing it up-to-date as a lire exponent of pnblio opinion and re tailer of the news of thn day. The (jBTprEB wishes the^iew proprietary every success, nml hopes tliat their best n-Mie's will be fully realised. 