THE HOSPITAL TROUBLE. SHBGEOSS AXD PHYSICIANS. Church, —At St. Peter's before a large Ballarat, congregation, on Sunday, the October Rev. Slaney 18, preached Poole, formerly of St. John's, Adelaide, 1, a sermon fromEeeleaiastes, xxxviii, unto " Honour'a physician with the honour due of him, for the uses which you mav have the him, for .God hath created him." We take in the following concluding remarks from a report BoUnrat Courier:—" only the Saviour of the souls Our of Lord men, was but not He look was also the physician of the bodies. Thus I of upon the physician as inheriting of a sort which Apostolical were showered succession upon the the gifts Church of healing at its . were, birth by priests the Soly in their Ghost. own domain. They are, Every as it God's hospital, every sick-room, is a temple in which those his work ministers is being are faithfully appointed carried to this on-by very lamented thing. Thus it is that just as St. Paul recognise divisions in the Church, just as wo so in these ' brawling temples, in which Church' are ass dedicated an offence to are the just cure as of unseemly—for-it the body, divisions cannot and but brawling be tbat object while strife and contention reign the main must for which the institution was established than be shocking neglected. tbat in It a seems neighbouring to me little colony less have for the been last strife eighteen and division months in there the leading should heard Hospital—a strife which would not have been fere of had not politics been allowed to interwhile with a whole the due horde management of evil tempers of it. are Mean- let lesson loose, and vituperation fills the air. The such which this trouble seems to teach is that -absolutely institutions as these should be placed exigencies beyond political control; for in the ing of political life, just as drown- \- or men . clutch at straws, so mil a falling means failing party make use of almost any while so to long retain as the their strife rases position. the patients Mean- you and would-be patients suffer, and these are, as chiefly know, poor. in ' a A public hospital hospital in its mainly place and and consecrated purpose,' says building Bishop as Fraser. a Ghurch. * is It as is truly consecrated not by a spiritual—byithe presence a ceremonial of Christ act, within but by its a ' The walls, in His sick, Hie maimed, and His poor. brethren. services He rendered reckons rendered unto the unto least Himself. of His physician *I was sick with and the ye honour visited due Me.' unto Honour him. the It ' instances may have struck you that except in very few State has any honour' by the Crown or tread been conferred upon him. Those who politics the thorny and often unsavoury path of leads tread the path which most readily if his to merits such deserve distinctions. it, be The entitled lawyer of may, the reach Queen as one of her counsel, or may ultimately member the of Bench the Privy and through Council, that and become be called a day Right Honourable. A clergyman may sGme ing be elevated above his fellows, and becom- with a a Bishop few inconsiderable be called Right exceptions Reverend, the physician stands but official honour. outside It the is, pale perhaps, of the just State as well. and State As a rule, I believe, these honours of the times, are worthily won and worn, but some- secure as tbem. you know, Sometimes a man by sacrifices fawning honour on the to crown rulers of the land, whether that ruler wear one power: or but many, such men honours have as crept these into no place wise and and evoked honourable man comets. The honour which is —the honour by kind which ministrations is rendered and to well-directed tender care deed skill and self-sacrificing devotion—this is in- believe honour, and it is this honour which I main secured. the medical It may brotherhood bo that none have of m them the is are 'my lorded' or called 'honourable,' but it real more lords to of their a noble honour profession; that they should that they be \- should disease, be and skilful that the generals honour in which their battle they covet with shall who is he ready that honour to saorifice which himself comes on to the every altar man duty and (five himself up to the self-denying o service of his fellow-man." 