THLE. GHKOST DALiCE, The Ghos Dench his selddost been wril nessed by awhteo'man, but- n American .paper describes one of them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who *persusaa?ga Iiendly half-breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situ ated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hiIls." Many of the Sioni are farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of. the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, .ho have. never raeoneiled themselves to modern ways, had tents apart. The o~en, pigs, and bouitry were.cooped∨ ethered on tle oul rts of the camp. The dance bega~ at dai, and though.the old squaws had carefully raked out the .firpsablage arising frozq themn noy end then revealed the fact that the b.aves were in full waripit. "The'wiarrors formed in rows at the eastern end of the -camp, those in front kneeling, with the young burke and squaws . standing . behjze& them. At this point there was a pause of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Thezn the old squaws joined handseand inelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chant ing ihat sounded like a dirge, vsried by -savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, end joining hands in a larger circle behind the old squaws, they began the Ghost Danet 'Theytoo, ched a ~re, hut less shrilly than the squaws, and theli cametheinvoeation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate the white man. The .old women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning -astick that' had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Peturning with these, they stole like-ehadows under the linked arms of the warriors, and passed through the circle like a procession- of sphinxes. This was repeatrd again std again, and it is said that the dance lasts till daylight, when every one concerned in it is more or less exhausted... An English Bil1o6zi ofs-eeon.s has not elapsed since the world began. No matter what their daily cares, parents should find time to take their children upon their. knees, and caress them - kind yrdi and tendar teces. 