PHOTOGRAPHIC COPYRIGHT. {From Hie " Croagingcrgoalong Gazelle.") " ' Mv face is my fortune, sir, she Baid. f " So was t he time-honoured «oti£. As acute ob-ervers of the lineaments .if our fellow-cr. alures we have noticed thnt. mcu'n ami women's fortunes vary very much. In one the fi r'.une will consist o' teeth of p-arl and eyes 1 ke diamonds shining, whilst in another the whole of the fortune in the face will consist of woilhless brass and refrigerated check. Still, to every man Hiid woman is givm a face, aud if it. be nut "much in the way of a fortune, for we cannot all be trousered Apollos or professional beiutics. that face is regarded as pertoual propei ty, copies of which shouhi only be pi.'cn to our legitimate ofl'.iprini!, or, in tin: cuse of pictures, to our friends aud uciiuain ances. The Kugiish law of photographic co| yrig'n. has, it seen.s, changed all that; and iu cciid.n cases our faces, instead of being our fortunes, may be regarded as Lhe fortune^ of lhe lucky photographers who have "taken" up. As Shakespeare would have wiit en had he lived in the latter half of the nineteenth cen lury. All tlie world's a studio, and men and women merely sillers, and on? mm in his time has many phutoB. taken.'' I'l'isuming that all the leaibrs of our widely- circulating huitual have the prevailing weakness for looking pleasant iu front of the cinieia, we feel oufident that our remarks will be of interest to all, aud that we need make no apology for selling them dnwu iu print. From our London correspondents we learn that a loug correspondence hag been going op in several ling isn journals upon lhisvej,ed question of p'lotographic copyright. Summed up in the terse and compendious style which we have been in lhe habit of using when addressing our readers, we mav state that, according to Huglisli law, a photographer wno takeaa picture of an individual owns, if the actual sitiiug was not paid for. the copyright in that piioto. and the sole right of reproduction in iiiiv aud every form, lie possesses the tame rights as the puiiuer 'if a picture or the author of a book. Tne fact thai the original of the photograph may have purchased hundreds of copies and givin permission to, say, a journal to reproduce a photograph in its columns, makes i.o difference if the sitting and tl c first copy were not paid for. Tne cause of 1 he present trouble and correspondence in the old country may bo said to have arisen from the unscrupulous tactics of blackmailing photographers, who invite celebrities in all ranks of religion, politic?, liierature, sport, Sc., to give a silliug. No charge is made, and a pri-tcnta-urni copy ia made to the obliging sitter. J hen lhe photographer, having quietly and generously voiked lhe eonfiil'-iice Inck, lies low on the weal,her bow and awaits developments. Sooner or later some o{ the illusirated papers will i iquire the photo, of the celebrity for reproduction, and will apply to him for a copy and pcrim leprcduce it in the next isme. 'lli-.o willingly accotded, and me ph.jmt y}.'', v, i plimcntary notice, will duly appear. "At laBt,'' the blackmailifag photograpi chuckle, " tlie law has delivered a solid ami journal into my hands ! l'raise to the kn He waits upon the innocently offcnuii and informs lun< that in this particular copy tight is vested in the pho ogrnph, publication of lhe picture in the press wii| of all luture sole ol piints fioni that 1 • i-.n that- his price for "equating lhe infiingen.i cc.pyrighiitCSO.i'SO.ori'KiO.accoiding and standing of the offending journal. An «>f fact the last menliuned ainuunt was in demanded of a Londun paper, and, as thei diftnee aB the law at present stands, waipaid. 'J he editor of another journal iu iln Metropolis, so our coriespouikntK iic admitted that within the last two had paid jC.JOO for photographic c. pynjL he bad inuocently infringed, although iiiconsent of the originals in eveiy case. neglectc-d to ascertain whether the sittint.ri copy had been paid fur. They had not, ar quenlly the copyright vested in the plini who was entitled to register it as a woi k u; one of the instances a well-known siiii-^ given a Bitting, and received a comp.i proof copy. ^Afterwards at riiUcrcut ; gave ordersvfpr etipieB amounting in ii gate to jeevei'al' 4iiipdreds, and when „ the editor for a copy'/aud permission i duce St.lie sa-d, " WVy.vcerluinly.'' l Wvlf* c photograph iC Wl/lisC! came SoStn ou the the editor Mas 1 oiiVH, [filowr, . to<iie extern r. deposit of-gold. It eh Wild be jioted, ho« our readers ^'bat jf the sitting it ordered i for the photSgM.|l)ifT niy'copyriehl, i the right to put ii'pl ln_A fifiow uasi'. of Croagiugt'igfalong will do well to /nind,aH iherc id no kuoviug wljen ai.v may become famous iu lhe worlri of letuj{y art or religion. Hut it is the photographer's rights of i; tiou that are to be viewed with alarm. known that clergymen have a weakmw. able, postibly, for beiug pl^olographed, aua clerical unet of all relipioiifj that vh obtained ior uotliing should not ho , , ministers are usually " taken ou the noc. rule photographers find clergymen the mr bigged of j.ame. The photographers . fond of inviting church digniianes K. ot charge, aud there is rarely a cl ference or other gathering that the eni photographer is not present at. Rarely / oases is the sitting paid for, so that, im grapher is entitled to register the copyiior r produce the picture in enlarged torni. ti advertisement upon the hoardings of the i leijuircs but little imagiiiation to picture ib" on worthy Dr. lievau's face, if lie beheld t street walls a (ine enlarged photo-etchii,i benevolent facebeaniingoveraboiiJeofsini around which was the legend " Walley's U J guaranteed pure. Drink it aud no othn. liarou von Mueller's indignation if he lu counterfeit presentment with all his or.if.r. comforter on a poster, and above i t —'' <J mid' have you used Pears' Soap ?" The -t Aicbbishop Carr, in lull canoui als, apj. ' lend the full weight of his idlicial appionf famous "Cabbage-leaf Cigoietles," Jiisn striking features adorning a theatrical V or the Rev. Dr. Keutoul'd face made to the notification ot a paltut 41 packed fee from oliseivaiinu,'" are pli.. 1 possibilities under the present law of pin : copyright as it exists iu Kugland, We have no desire to spread dismay ar. -^ we simply state the law as it is, so lh.?h may knuw the dangers that lurk iu lhe - L ) too common process of gelling their pin^ "upon the never.' In conch.eiuu, wi- -f that the esteemed photographer of Croi along, " Rumbo," notifies in anotner cu.;.. bis lerms are strictly cash, and o..ie. 1 custoineis will not only get mi e.rtistic like, the comforting knowledge that the pin.; ^ copyright belongs in every such case lo I: p 1 in THE trouble at SI. George's Hali night reminds the writer of a ehei-^'jj experience that befell a small, nonia.iir^j company that struck Lefroy about ti.:•'••'m ago. Tilings at Letroy were very iiV.-.I ^q and the liedman and Uiown Dramatic ' o expected to rake in a box of dolki? advance agent was a spry young man. drunk at the township's expense, and tyi so, but retained grip enough of his busnit.-'lf .rreat expectations amongst the miners iy was thronged on the first night, ivhen' B was put up. The first act disclosed tlit -to in a shocking state of neglect and -A'u aggravated by drink. Hamlet was badlfiix and the ghost had had a drop too _ the acting of all concerned was ton i4)§ disguised in drink. The minershow for one hour and seven minutef.i they revolted and rose up against it.i through an eleced spokesman their ripii^' the Bedman and Brown Dramatic <J«i») not fit to be at large, and that its t Shakespeare would have reflected upon a troupe of trained gei'-'p, ' demanded their money back on the ^^s discovered, however, that the busn.e'f Se anticipating some such issue, had din with the takings; HO the audier.CA RInompiny, and seized upon Hamlet min i, of Denmark, and bore them off in all paint. The moody Dane and his rc\ni z wera lowered down one ot the local i" imprisoned in a drive, where they «'er(J for two days, each succeeding shift tali'-fS of the noble prisoners. At the end of t ~ «B no money was forthcoming, the Tl)efJ ,;i ;4l set free at the mouth of the shaft, stii'-; their theatrical costumes, and left to i f departed brethren as best they mii ; Bedraan and Brown Dramatic. C'oini s Lij re-visited Ijefroy. 