AMUSEMENTS. "THERESE" AT THE LYCEUM. ./ilrfi. Potter and Mr. Bellew produced at the tLyceum on Saturday, and will repeat this and to- jnorrrow evenings, one of the most magnificent or appalling plays ever written, Zola's "Therese." This is a piece tbo nervous and impressionable should carefully stay away from, because having Once seen It, they will never forget It, It Is the reduction of realism to fine art, which might have been expected to result whenever Zola, the Czar of all realists, chose to write a drama. Murder, (remorse, carnal desire, exhausted passion, and 3ieredltary sinfulness aod weakness are its themes, and a ghastly story embodied all too clev erly Is Its product, and although one may protest that this Is not life on the average—that hu manity is not generally represented by diseased people, criminals, and the innocent visited with awful misfortune— there is so much semblance of reality in the close, fibrous tensity of the play and the artistic desperation of the acting, that one cannot help being as profoundly impressed with the verisimilitude of the thing8 aK n' cvltably he depressed by Its gruesome, gloomy trend and outcome. A woman married in her unawakened youth to a sickly nincompoop presently falls blindly in love with a hearty young painter, and assists hiin to kill the nincompoop, so that they two may live a life of love and lust. Having made away with the husband and married, however, remorse is eyr troubling them. Both are haunted by re- mirilrcences which they canot banish, and even their wedding night, which forms a "risky" act of tho play, is an ecstacy of fear, reproach, and Ineffectual consolations. While they are playing out their parts, it happens that they re proach each other with the murder in the presence of the late husband's mother, who has come upon them unawares. The revelation causes her to ihavc a paralytic stroke, and thenceforward she can only sit in a wheel-chair rolling here eyes terribly, unable to move her lips or hands, Im passively accepting the fatuous compliments of ,tho queer characters who call on her, and looking at tho guilty married pair the hatred she can not vocally express. Once, strength returns to her hands, and she traces with them the words "Therese and Laurent have—"; then they fall her. Another time, when they are taunting each other, and the woman flings at lier husband the words "You klllod Camllle!" until he Is beside himself with rage and regret, she gets strength to push a knife on to the floor by way of a suggestion that the woman shall kill the man. The woman, accepting the hint, is about to stab her husband just as ho Is in tho act of preparing poison for her, and the horrible nature of the situation dawning upon them induces a reconciliation for the mcment. But suddenly the old woman gives signs of returning vitality. Her hands twitch again, lier lips and her teeth move, the revengeful glare Is gone out of her eyes, she may at any mo ment break the silence which has been the pro tection of the guilty so long. In desperation the hu&band; springs at her throat, but recoils In ter ror as the old woman flnds her voice, and ex claims, "Murderer, would you kill the mother as you killed tho son !" He cannot face her. Neither can Therese. Neither can either of them face tho law or a continued remorseful existence. To avoid both they swallow poison and die in each others arms. We shall not soon see again anything so fasci natingly terrible as this. Let us hope not, at any rate. The clash of passions when Therese and Laurent are loving each other by stealth, and when their consciences will not allow them to do so in wedlock, the violent jibei and reproaches they bandy with each other — the woman callous and desperate, the man alternately crying like a child and raving like an angry madman, are dis quieting enough; but tho spectacle of the mother sitting specobless there while these murderers quarrel, her eyes flaming bitterness and Indigna tion at thera, is horror itself. There Is a moral to the play, no doubt. The purpose of it may bo either tho simple and familiar one of show ing that foul deeds will rise though all the earth overwhelm them, that conscience Is stronger than lust, that heredity will have its way, or that there Is hideous suffering and ugly wicked ness among that half of the world which the other half knows nothing of. Let that be as it may. We do not believe in plays with any purpose beyond that of amusing or impressing — of interesting, to speak generally — an auuience. 'And this ono docs interest. Excepting "Tho Second Mrs. Tanqueray," nothing has been writ ten in this decade which keeps the attention so close hauled. "Therese" Is a horrible play — a very horrible play — but It is conceived and made with such splendid power that its attractiveness is irresistible, and, Indeed, speedily becomes fascination. Of "The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith it was said that it represented the highest and best in dramatic art. Of "Therese" it may be said much more truth fully that it represents the best and worst — the best in execution, the worst In motive. In the small army of "realists," none have approached Zola. Nothing has been written to equal "L'As- somoir" and "Nana," and the Rougon Macquart series; and perhaps nothing has been produced which Is so conclusive and uncompromising and enthralling as "Therese." And the performance is worthy of the play. Laurent is absolutely the best thing Mr. Bellew has done here, because in the first place he shakes off that elocutionary manner we are beginning to know too well, and because in the second his suggestion of a criminal man mad dened by his wife's taunts is thrillingly convinc ing. Mrs. Potter Is admirable, in spite of her mannerisms, as Therese, the cold recklessness of tho woman when tbo end Is near being re presented with appropriately bitter emphasis. Mrs. Walter Hill deserves very much praise for the pantomime by which she made the mother so terrifying. Mr. Deerlng and Mr. Foster are excellent as two comical old fogies, obviously put in as makeweights, and Mr. Berkeley was tolerable as the husband who was murdered. This latter representation might have been some thing more than tolerable if Mr. Berkeley had not committed the fatal mistake of trying to be funny. There is no necessity for that. The dramatist clearly didn't contemplate a low com edy young man with a stutter; what he did con template was a pasty-faced youth, meek and irritable, a slight variation on the worm-eaten herd of "ghosts," whoso "lines," being intelli gently spoken, would make whatever fun was required. 