[Published by Request] CATHOLIC NOTES THE HOLY SEE AND ANGLICAN ORDERS. Authorised Text of the Bull. ( Continued.) 4\. INVARIABLE PRACTICE OF THE HOLY SEE. The authority of Julius III. and or Paul IV. which we have quoted, clearly shows the origin of that practice which has been observed without interruption for more than three centuries, that ordinations con- ferred according to the Edwardine rite should be considered null and void. This practice is fully proved by the numerous cases of absolute re-ordination according to the Catholic rite even in Rome. In the observance of this practice we have a proof directly affecting the matter in hand. For if by any chance doubt should remain as to the true sense in which these Pontifical documents are to be understood, the prin- cipal holds good that " Custom is the best interpreter of law." Since in the church it has ever been a constant and established rule that it is sacrilegious to respect the Sacrament of Order, it never could have come to pass that the Apostolic See should have silently acquiesced and tolerated such a custom. But not only did the Apostolic See tolerate this practice, but approved and sanctioned it as often as any particular case arose which called for its judgment in the matter. We adduce two facts of this kind out of many which have from time to time been submitted to the Supreme Council of the Holy Office. The first was (in 1681) of a certain French Calvinist, and the other (in 1704) of John Clement Gordon ; both of whom had received their Orders according to the Edwardine ritual. In the first case, after a searching investigation the consultors, not a few in number, gave in writing their answers—or, as they call it, their vota— and the rest unanimously agreed with their con- clusion, " for the validity of the ordination," and only on account of reasons of oppor- tuneness did the cardinals deem it well to answer by a dileta [viz., not to formulate the conclusion at the momemt.] The same documents were called into use and considered again in the examination of the second case, and additional written statements of opinion were also obtained from consultors, and the most eminent doctors of the Sorbonne and of Douai were likewise asked for their opinion. No safeguard which wisdom and prudence could suggest to ensure the thorough sifting of the question was neglect- ed. 5.—DECREE of CLEMENT XI. AMD ITS IM- PORTANCE. And here it is important to observe that although Gordon himself, whose case it was, and some of the consultors had adduced, amongst the reasons which went to prove the validity, the ordination of Parker, according to their own ideas about it, in the delivery of the decision this reason was altogether set aside, as documents of incon- testable authenticity prove. Nor, in pro- nouncing the decision, was weight given to any other reason than the " defect of form and intention ;" and in order that the judgment concerning this form might be more certain and complete, precaution was taken that a copy of the Anglican Ordinal should be submitted to examination, and that with it should be collated the ordination forms gathered together from the various eastern and western rites. Then Clement XI. himself, with the unanimous vote of the cardinals concerned on the " Feria V.," April 17, 1704, decreed : " John Clement Gordon shall be ordained from the beginning and unconditionally to all the Orders, even Sacred Orders, and chiefly of priesthood, and in case he has not been confirmed he shall first receive the Sacrament of Confirmation." It is important to bear in mind that this judgment was in no wise determined by the omission of the tradition of instruments, for in such a case, according to the established custom, the direction would have been to repeat the Ordination conditionally ; and still more important it is to note that the judgment of the Pontiff applies universally to all Anglican Ordinations, because, although it refers to a particular case, it is not based upon any reason special to that case, but upon the defect of the form, which defect equally affects all these ordinations ; so much so, that when similar cases subse- quently came up for decision the same de- cree of Clement XI. was quoted as the norma. 6.—THE QUESTION ALREADY DEFINITELY SETTLED. Hence it must be clear to every one that the controversy lately revived had been already definitely settled by the Apostolic See, and that it is to the insufficient know- ledge of these documents that we must perhaps attribute the fact that any Catholic writer should have considered it still an open question. But, as We stated at the be- ginning, there is nothing We so deeply and ardently desire as to be of help to men of good will by showing them the greatest consideration and charity. Wherefore, We ordered that the Anglican Ordinal, which is the essential point of the whole matter, should be once more most carefully examined. 7.—THE ANGLICAN ORDINAL. In the examination of any rite for the effecting and administering of Sacrament, distinction is rightly made between the part which is ceremonial and that which is essential, usually called the matter and form. All know that the Sacraments of the New Law, as sensible and efficient signs of invisible grace, ought both to signify the grace which they effect, and effect the grace which they signify. Although the signifi- cation ought to be found in the whole essential rite—that is to say in the matter and form—it still pertains chiefly to the form, since the matter is the part not determined by itself, but which is determined by the form. And this appears still more clearly in the Sacrament of Orders, the matter of which, in so far as We have to consider it in this case, is the imposition of hands, which indeed by itself signifies nothing definite, and is equally used for several Orders and for Confirmation. But the words which until recently were com- monly held by Anglicans to constitute the proper form of priestly Ordination—namely, " Receive the Holy Ghost," certainly do not in the least definitely express the Sacred Order of Priesthood, or its grace and power, which is chiefly the power of " consecrating and of offering the true Body and Blood of the Lord" (Council of Trent, Sess. XXIII., de Sacr. Ord.y Can. I) in that sacrifice, which is no " nude commemoration of the sacrifice offered on the Cross" (Ibid, Sess. XXII., de Sacrif, Missæ, Can. 3). This form had in- deed afterwards added to it the words " for the office and work of a priest," etc ; but this rather shows that the Anglicans themselves perceived that the first form was defective and inadequate. But even if this addition could give to the form its due signification, it was introduced too late, as a century had already elapsed since the adoption of the Edwardine Ordinal, for, as the hierarchy had become extinct, there remained no power of ordaining. In vain has help been recently sought for the plea of the validity of Orders from the other prayers of the same Ordinal. For, to put aside other reasons which show this to be insufficient for the purpose in the Anglican rite, let this argument suffice for all ; from them has been deliberately removed whatever sets forth the dignity and office of the priest- hood in the Catholic rite. That form consequently cannot be considered apt or sufficient for the Sacrament which omits what it ought essentially to signify. The same holds good of episcopal conse- cration. For to the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost," not only were the words for the office and work of a Bishop," &c.;, added at a later period, but even these, as we shall presently state, must be understood in a sense different to that which they bear in the Catholic rite. Nor is anything gained by quoting the prayer of the preface, " Almighty God," since it in like manner has been stripped of the words which denote the summum sacerdotium. It is not here relevant to examine whether the Episcopate be a completion of the priesthood or an order distinct from it, or whether when bestowed, as they say per saltum, on one who is not a priest, it has or has not its effect. But the Episcopate undoubtedly, by the institution of Christ, most truly belongs to the Sacrament of Orders and constitutes the sacredotium in the highest degree, namely, that which by the teaching of the Holy Fathers an our liturgal customs is called the " summum sacerdotium, sacri ministerii summa." So it comes to pass that, as the Sacrament of Orders and the true sacerdotium of Christ were utterly eliminated from the Anglican rite, and hence the sacerdotium is in no wise conferred truly and validly in the Episcopal conse- cration of the same rite, for the like reason, therefore, the Episcopate can in no wise be truly and validly conferred by it ; and this the more so because among the first duties of the Episcopate is that of ordaining ministers for the Holy Eucharist and Sacrifice. To be concluded next week. In the Jamestown Hospital there is reported to be always a big demand for old linen and the wardsman has reported to the Board that the stock at present on hand is very low. Contributions will be gladly received at the Hospital or by the Secretary, Mr R. Rowe. 