Answers to Corres pondents. It is not always possible to answer communications under this heading in the issue following receipt and sometimes several iaBues appear before we are able to do so.l M.E.T. — You're clever, very clever, if you wrote that. I think it charm ing, and I'll have much pleasure in publishing it. W.C.C. — You can have my opinion for what it is worth. I know a good many private schools, and, taking it for all in all, I'd sooner go on to the Bogan Scrub lands to earn my tucker, than open one myself. People need a lot of influence and a lot of capital to open a private school with any chance of success. I know people who send their children to private schools, and never pay for them. I'm looking for a debt collector for a private school now. You know your own friends, and you may have a chance that I know nothing of, but, judging from your remarks, you don't. If so, don't try the business. W.O'B. — I dont want to pass re marks on any man's poetry, because it's an ungracious thing to do, but, as you ask my opinion, you'll b ive it, even if it hurts. There's nothing in the poem, except halting measures. There's not even an idea, or the ghost of a suggestion. You have no turn for poetry at all. If you have any thing to say, you can say it in prose, but if you have no more to say in prose than you say in that poem, keep dark. I'm afraid you'll scorn me after this, but, pard, this is honest, and I'm sorry to have to say it. Vale. S.V.S. — I. fail to understand why your letter was not in order, even with the form sent. It seemed to me to be a very valuable contribution to the subject, and ought to have been published. I didn't intend to publish the form. If you allow me to publish it yet, I will be glad. J.R. — I've been looking up Mr. H.' E. Russell, and he seems about as square a man as you can get hold of. He's chairman of some big concerns. and a good citizen. He charges no fees if there's no business done, and he lends only on good security — nothing less than £500. I'd go to him if I wanted to make a deal. M.B. — Thanks for cash. We have sent the cards. Q.W. — Thanks for yours. You are a lady ! I'm glad to hear from you Have sent the card, and I hope you'll like it, O.B.S. — Have sent the cards and got your cash. Thanks. Captain — Glad you got the song alright. Have senb ' Gossip ' We seem to be getting into a big way of business, and I'll blossom out into a business man directly. J.B.C. — Thanks for your good wishes, I'm glad Xmaa comes once a year. We got your stamps and have sent the card and the ready reckoner. R.W.L.— We've sent 'Illustrated London News,' ' Black and White,' and the 'Graphic.' They are good iron. I wish we could get out things like them for Christmas. Our Christ mas number will be out next week, with the Christmas stories. I hope you'll vote. A.McF. — Have sent the Christmas cards. Thanks for cash. Kookaburra. — That's a good name. A coupon will be issued with the paper, and all our readers are invited to vote on the merit of the stories. It's this way : We give £5 5a for the best story, and £3 3s for the next. You decide which is best by your votes, dear readers. People aay that the dwellers in the bush don't take much interest in things like this, but I hope the number of coupons will dispel that idea once and for all. Christmas Cards. — We have sent cards to J.O., A.K., S.M.G., L.McL, E.M.H., T.L.S. A.P.McG.— Thanks for 7s 6d. We have put A.T. on the list. Thanks for your good wishes. Now allow me to make a remark. A man bailed me up bo-day to know why I hadn't pub lished certain things. I told him because I couldn't afford to. When the men in the country support me to such an extent as to make me in dependent of the city, I'll publish what I darned well please, in the interests of my own constituents, but at present I've got to hold a candle to the devil. We want a real live pastoral paper, and that's the bill I want to fill, but I can't do it, as it ought to be done, until we've a heap more subscribers. J.W.H. — Thanks for your cash and your geod-will. May your in tentions soon crystalise into actions. We have sent ' In the Days when the World was Wide,' 'The Man from Snowy River ' and ' The Crooked Stick.' J.H.A, — We've sent Mrs. Parker's 'Australian Legendary Tales,'' ' Jude, the Obscure,' and ' A Splendid Sin.' Including postage and the ' Woolly Festival ' that leaves us 6s 4d in your debt. J.LeG.J.— Your 7s 6d received. Thanks. I keep telling people that they can send a cheque for 22s 6d, which is a heap easier and safer than sending stamps. As you say, it's a cheap lot ; but we're content if we get enough subscriptions even at that rate. That blessed 'Patent Sheep Brand ' seems to be lost or dead, or gone astray, bub I'll see if I can dig the man up this week, and I'll let you know. It ought to be advertised in our journal, but I'll let you know without that. J.Q, — Thanks for your cheque for 22s 6d. That's the style that suits me. When it's cut out we'll want some more, for this paper has come to stay, you can bet. Ab the same time, I take it as a proof of your faith when you subscribe for three years. T.W.M.— You would, no doubt, see that the 8s 6d meant the whole lot. Our bookkeeper has been out on a station, and they treated him so well that he hasn't recovered yet. That's how things got mixed a bit. They're a hospitable crowd in the bush. My word ! G.A. — Have sent ' Gossip,' and we'd send this year's, but haven'b been able to get it out. There seems a good demand for it, but there's not much profit in publishing shilling books. One man offered me £5 towards the cost of bringing out another volume, and maybe we'll dis cuss that next year. But I'm looking forward to a rest at Christmas, and after that — the Deluge. E.J.P. — Thanks for cheque. We've sent all the books except ' Little Lord Fauntleroy.' As the delay might have spoilt the Christmas effect we didn't wait to get it, so sent 'Captain Youngest' by the same author. We'll send the other later if you desire it. We never got the subscription The account stands thus: Books 23s 2d, sub. 7s. 6d, balance due us 8d. Don't you send that specially. C.W.S. — Have sent ' Scab in Sheep.' 'Catarrh,' and 'Skin Diseases in Lambs.' The cost of the whole lot, postage included, is ll It sounds a lot for the money. .*] J.McA. — Have sent you the '| aewspaper, and put you on the li$ a quarter. That article on trt/fi pic-nic race-horses is a gem. I've | some people who know, speaking! highly of it. We got your 3s. Thf C.W.B.— Thanks for your cbl which, however, you'd forgottfjJ sign. Thank you for forgetting! cause it comforts me to find that j jf fellows are like unto myself. Tfl put you on the sub. list) and senijf two Xmas cards, and ' Whiler Billy Boils.' 11 — — — |j E.M.H.— We got your Is 6d. real anxious to hear how the turned out that I senb you 1 I\ your name well, and I've heard aboub you, and I'd like your \ opinion. J.W.L. — The advertisement ra»]a of the ' Journal ' by ' exnuxup time,' and it has only one otheifj* to run in the ' Grazier.' I'm.\n you've struck something, for thtw heap of men looking for similar Wt fortune. Q ? M J.M.B.— Have sent all those m and papers to Messrs. Henry Bul.f jj Co., and hope they came all right^l — — — — V/' T.L.S.— We sent the card anT your cash. It's a big order to'l 'i you whab ' Holt's Compendium \ and this column seems to get horiP full. I'll tell you what I'll do. \ write all I know about it in our noxV. issue. Several busbies called in here and saw it, and bought it, so it evidently filled the bill. I'm always glad to see fellows from the buth in this office, and you can say more in five minutes than you can write in an hour. When you're talking the other chap can see where the grin comes in. T.M.D, — Have sent you all the illustrated Christmas papers as ordered. Thanks. J.J.M. — Have sent Henneisey's 'Australian Bush Track.' I feel as if I knew you and I'd like your opinion on it when you've read it. Aldred's Tank Scoop. Why don't you put your nam# to your letter, you half-baked clam 1 Aldred's Tank Scoop is a good one, and would scoop up better stuff than you are made of. P.J.B. — We got your sab. .-11 right and expect that your name will fill a big niche in the Temple of Fame some day. O.H.B — We've put you on the list fora quarter's .subscription to the ' Sun.' We take any sort of stamps so it's all right. Goulburn Froggy. — Dun'tyou over write me again, because you're a coward and a sneak. Any man who writes as you do is a knave and a trickster. I gc, anonymous letters that are kind and nice, but the man who writes spiteful anonymous letters is worse thnn a thief. He'd rob hi^ own mother. I know a man who writes such letters. As it happens, I'd never spoken to him before I found it out, but I de-ipise him loo much ever to do it now. J.Ih's a cur. So is evory biped who v rites .spiteful letters and daren't put his n;im& to them. I take such missives a-i a tribute to the success of tins paper. When men of your type hate me and this paper, i! makes dig glad, because I re;iii/.;3 that good men are my friend*. J. O'B.— Thanks for cash. Curd sent. H.P A. — if I can get to the pic nic races I'll be there, but it strike.1* me that I'll be in Tasmania then. But I'm just as much obliged to you, and I certainly owe your town a visit. J.M.T. — Your letter nnikws mi; fed like a nice man, and Lh(-. feeling is novel. But it's only lenYeted glory, for it wau my wifu thai vvmk nice, but. I'll take the credit. Thanks for the cheque which we have placed to )our credit. 