THE MOUTH OF THE LITTLE PITCHES. Sir Athelstane Clarke considered that he had a very fine and decided charac ter. HiS friends said that he was as ob stinate as a mule. That was where the difference of opinion came in. His ap- pearance suggested the idea tnat, atter nature had planned him out and arran ged him on the usual principles, some mischievous goblin had given him a jerk awtay. The result was that he presented more and more ungainly an gles for general observation than could be surveyed on any equal space of hu man superficies. His hair also was of peculiarly crude ocherish hue, and had a tendency to stand upright after a fash ion only tolerable in the presence of a ghost. This symptom, however, did not betoken any lack of courage in his com position, nor was he at all afraid of spectral visitants. Some people said it was a proof of re markable daring that he should nave set his heart on marrying. Mrs Daven- ant. One og two of his relations even tried to attack iiim on the subject. It was then teat he shpwed-' hi firmness— or obstinacy, . v ' \ "Mrs Dfevenant , inost chaining and beautiful woniajj/' '416 fchid; ."id of course, she .has enemies. But evpn her enemies ddre not say .any thing. 'definite against her. " If . they did .then the law would deal with them'." After that, as the ladies agreed, there was nothing more to be said. If a man was actually so vulgar as to talk of the law in connection with ladies, and if one was to be bothered by a horrid law yer just because one discussed, the or dinary conversation of the day, well, really things are coming to a pretty pass. Sir Athelstane Clarke had not yet proposed to Mrs Davenant. That was more the result of accident than of di ffidence. He was slow of speech and had a leaning to preambles. On several oc casions he had set to work to open the subject, but by the time he had finished his introduction something always hap pened. On one occasion a visitor had been announced. On another, a second couple had come into the sitting room and planted themselves within a yard or so. Once again, when he was really go- ing along at a fine pace, Mrs Davenant herself was so oppressed by the heat of the conservatory that she felt quite faint, and he had to take her out into the air. He regretted this occasion es- , pecially, because not only had he ex pressed himself remarkably well, and, he thought-, made a real impression on ner, nut five minutes or so more would have settled the question. Then there was the occasion when a Mr Lyndon had pursued them up the stairs and insisted that it was his dance. Mrs Davenant had given in too easily to the intruder, but she explain ed afterwards that the young man was a dear friend of her brother's, and so she felt obliged to allow him the dance as It was really his, though she did not care to dance with boys as a rule. Sir Athelstane privately thought that Mr Lyndon could scarcely he regared as a I junior <3oubtless considerably Pleased to fin?ernant but sti" he Pleased find that that was Mr Lvn- I Sir IthM rSiti0n in her 0PiQlon. " ' cin itattn L ? ad a llking £or Pre- I Davenant riSlS He wrote to Mrs order,," ', ,reC!UeEting an interview in rder that he might communicate some- i vlyfC T "PPoriance. In rc- pi> she named a time. <= JfUnCtUally to t,le moment Sir Athel- 1 ae13ihrTlV6d' He brUsht in his PO<et ' flcent d containing a most magni- ihe r», d0,l necklace. In his hands >Th« a nd"ome box of bonbons. ! The latter was to be an offering tn ad- 1 The rormer was to be clasped I nd her neck when she had pronounc- ! ed her consent. Mrs Devenant would be down in a few minutes, the smart servant told him. as j she ushered him into the tiny but alto- I gether dainty drawingroom, where.sub- j dued fights shed a discreet glimmer and the scent of flowers filled the air. £ir Athelstane was accustomed to receiving this intelligence, and also to finding that the few minutes sometimes extended themselves to half an hour. He did , give one impatient thought to the re flection that as Louise— that fs, airs Da- ! ,vuauL <t\>are mat ne was to be expected at that moment, in fact, had fixed the time herself, she might have begun her toilette, or whatever it was that detained her, a little earlier. He had hardly settled himself down to wait with the dogged determination which was characeristic of the man, when a little figure in a little frock coat came towards him out of the gloom of the back drawingroom. This was Lulu. Mrs Davenant's little girl, a lovely child, who had inherited her mother's delicate features, fine eyes and chest nut hair, and promised to be even more beautiful at some remote period. A tender- hearted person might have con ceived a hope that the child's counten ance might never acquire the somewhat hard look which the perpetual difficulty of making two ends meet had impressed on the mother's handsome face and de fied all her efforts to banish it. "Howdodoo, Sir Atttleton?" said Lu lu, with much childish dignity, and an exact imitation of her mother's manner and intonation that would have been perfectly delightful to anyone not quite so preoccupied with his own affairs. "Is oo waiting to see mamma ? Have oo brought her any weets?" And when the visitor had replied — "1 like oo." continued Lulu, putting up her face to be kissed, "because oo bring mamma such nice sweets." Hitherto Sir Atheisi mo had not eon- versed much with Lulu. He was al ways studiously kind to Mrs Davenant's little girl, just as he was gracious to Mrs Davenant's pug, and he was quite prepared to accept both as appendages of his bride elect. At the same time he privately opined that Lulu would soon go to school, and the pug could not be expected to last much longer. Now, however, something impelled him to talk to Lulu. It seemed as if even her childish prattle, which at other times he would have despised, would have been preferable to sitting there in si lence waiting, waiting. "And does mamma like sweets, too?" he inquired. Lulu nodded her head violent!:". "And does she like me." Again Lulu nodded, but with a cer tain hesitation which suggested that on this point she was not quite so assured as the last. "Why do you think she doesn't?" continued Sir Athelstane, whose inter est was suddenly aroused. "Well, I think she must, or else she wouldn't he going to mawwy oo," re plied Lulu, but still with obvious doubt. There was a brief silence. Lulu eyed the box of bon Pons with much concern, knowing well and regretting much the fact that there was no chance of its being opened until her mother appear ed. Sir Athelstane was altogether am azed at the child's last words. He was also piqued at the doubt which Lulu was evidently disposed to cast on the reality >;' her mamma's affection for him. As he mused over it, he became i to ascertain the true meaning of this combination. He was remotely aware, of course, that in encouraging th" child to repeat what she had heard from her mother without full compre hension of the meaning, he was playing a rather dishonorable part. But the spirit of a counsel for the prosecution seized on him, and he was determined to arrive at the truth. "And how did you find that out, you clever little thing?" said Sir Athelstane, endeavoring to banish all trace of his real feelings from his voice and expres sion. "Oh, I know," replied Lulu, tossing her head airily. Then she continued, in an awestruck whisper witn apparent ir relevance, "Did oo ever see mamma cwy?" Sir Athelstane could not remember that he had. One of Mrs Davenant's principal attractions to him was that she was always smiling, bright and gay. "I have," said Lulu, with the expres sion of superior knowledge and in the same mysterious tone. "She cwied last night, cwied hard— just like me, when I am naughty and people are howwid— only mamma, of course, can't be naughty, and Mr Lyndon isn't howwid I —cwied just like me when I am bad, naughty girl, and sent into the corner." "What were they talking about?" ; said Sir Athelstane, as gently as if the ' scathing stroke which he had just re- j ceived from those tiny fingers had j never been delivered. I "I didn't notice," replied Lulu. "I j was playing with my dol), and mamma i and Mr Lyndon were playing that game j which grown-ups play when they talk j about love and pwetend — it's a non- I sense game, mamma says — have oo | ever played it? 1 don't think 1 have ; seen oo. And so I wasn't attending— until I heard mamma say vewy loud " that it was of no use, and she was a | lr.is'wahk" v.-i and she was going to : mawwy -yi r Attieton — and then cwitti n jc she were vewy naugh- , t-.v." Luhi v as so absorbed in her own thoughts that she did not observe Sir Aihelstane's perturbation. She ap- i preached nearer to him, and after de- i voting much care to smoothing out a crease in her frock and then plaiting it again into its previous disorder, began i once more to examine the bon bon box. "Did you see no more of the game-" saia »» Atneistane, at last, j "Oh! no. Mamma sent me to look for | her tortysliell fan in her bedwoom, and I went and hunted it evewywhere, and j couldn't find it; the nurse said that ; P'w'Jiaps a faiwy had borrowed it and would bwing it back when she had done with it. And do oo know," a.ded Lulu, whose eyes became round with wonder and awe, "it was on the dwessing table in the moraine- Ho oo weally think, Sir Attieton, that a faiwy could have done it?" "I am afraid I don't know much about fairies," said Sir Athelstane, with a grimness of manner which would not have been unbecoming to a gnome. He rose as he spoke, with the full in tention of leaving the house at once. Pure chance had saved him from a great error, and it would be as well not to despise the warning. "As your mother seems to be engag ed," he said, '-ifttid I am rather pressed for time, will you tell her that I will write?" It wouid be so easy to write some plausible explanation both of his visit and departure, he thought, but it would not be quite so easy to carry out this simple programme by word of mouth under the searching inquiry of her eyes. At that moment there was a frou-frou of draperies on the stairs, and Mrs Davenant entered— radiant with color, exquisitely dressed, more beautiful than he had ever seen her— with a smile on her lips and a welcome in her melodious tones. Could this be the woman whom Lulu had depicted in her childish way as sobbing her heart out for love of a mere boy, whose purse Was as slender as ins pretensions were ridiculous? It knew perfectly well that if Lulu had been "pretending," to use her own word, her story would have come out in a different form. Now mark how things happen. If Sir Athelstane had decided to go away a minute before, there would have been an end of all things as far as he and Mrs Davenport were concerned. And as young Lyndon's regiment did not sail for India for another month, and India is a place where men get double pay, and chances if they work and push, or are pushed by clever and handsome wives, there is no knowing what might have been the result. As it was, Sir Athelstane felt that he could not run away directly. It would be rude. And she looked so exceedingly handsome! He stayed, therefore, with the fixed intention of paying merely an ordinary visit. Perhaps he would pass the matter off by offering her tickets for the theatre. Perhaps lie would punish her by leaving her to puzzle over the mystery. But as lie stayed, the glamor of her beauty fell upon him once more, and the desire to make her liis wife became more powerful than his cautious policy. Sir Atlielstane's proposal was couch ed in less sentimental terms, perhaps, than it would have been but for that conversation with Lulu, and therefore it was no doubt all the easier for Mrs Davenant to accept. Curiously enough, this union which had begun with no love on one side and no little pique on the other, proved what is generally known as a great success. There were no illusions to be destroyed toy rough shocks of reality. Instead of these, there was on the one side a keen sense of the material im provement in her position, and the great increase in her ease, luxury aud scope of enjoyment which her marriage had brought her; on the other, a sense of triumph in his new acquisition, satis faction in the principal adornment of 111b IlUU&u; CUUilUcHLc LHaL lllt.ll HiLL.1 " ests were the same. And when, after 15 years, Lady Clarke met her young lover of the days gone by Sir Hugh Lyndon, V.C., K.C.B., could scarcely believe his eyes. "To think that if I had been as well off then as I am now, I should now be the husband of that stout, elderly, made-up dame instead of " For it is known that Lady Lyndon is a beauty of the first order, and that the marriage was a desperate love match. —"London World." 