A_ .IMANCE OFV MAORIIAND. (COPYRIGHT.) ON THE WAIKATO. BY ATIIAl WESTBUR y. CHAPTER III.-CONTINUED. " With a loud crash the massive door at length gave way and the sav ages, yelling with rage and triumph, rushed into the house. There was a broad staircase leading from the hall to the upper portion of the dwelling. At the head of the stairs stood Camden, like a lion at bay, a revolver in each hand. Tc Apora had one hand on the stair-rail,but drew back at the reso lute attitude of the farmer. "' Once more I ask ye what do ye want here ?' said he, placing his back to the wall. "The chief replied: "' The Pakcha robs the Maori of his land and murders him at leisure. Why should not the Maori follow the. examile of the Pakeha-and rnh whohe can ?' "'I have never wronged ye in my life,' answered the old man. "'Tut! The Pakehas are one race,' responded Te Apora, briefly. ' My warriors want the blood of the Pakeha in exchange for the lives of two he has slain. Let him throw aside his guns and submit himself to the will of Te Apora.' " ' I decline to have further parley with you. You and your tribe are a lazy, plundering horde. whom neither murder nor robbery can satisfy. Your will means destruction and ruin here, but you shall fight for it.' "'The Pakeha is but one, we are many. Let him think !' said the chief, quietly. "'No; I know your bloody pur pose,' he cried vehemently.' Were there twice your number I would not yield without an effort for my life. Stand back.' "A tall savage, less patient than his companions, sprang like a panther up the stair; but a shot from Camden's revolver hit him full in in the throat and he rolled backward dead. "This was but the beginning of the end. Like a pack of hounds the Maoris bounded forward and over powered their victim and disarmed him. With blows and imprecations they dragged him down-stairs. In his desperation, he clung tenaciously to the rail and, in spite of all the efforts of his murderers,they could not unloose his hands, when some savage, more cruel than the rest, drew his maripi (knife) and severed the unfortunate's fingers from his hands. They bound up the maimed limb in mockery and led Camden into the dining room. The long dining-table-table was reared on end and the ruflians bound their victim to it with a stout cord. "' Will the "akeha ask Te Apora for his life?' questioned the chief with asneer. "' No ; Te Apora is a murderer and therefore he loves murder. Yet, let the chief remember this scene when the bayonets of the l'akehas are at the throats of his race and fire consumes their hapus. Complete your murder ous work. The Pakeha does not fear you.' "The old man spoke no more. He was hoisted bodily upward with the table and placed against the wall, while his murderers, retreating to the fur ther end of the apartment, commenced a diabolical game of ball practice at their human target." CHAPTER IV. I have no vanity. The rubs and joltings of this lovely world have pretty well eased me of any particles of self sufficiency I may have imbibed with my mother's milk, From the first hour of my entree to the domicile of Ben Cable I saw that his handsome, amiable daughter had set her line to angle for me. As a rule, the half-bloods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring in disposition, but, to my astonishment, I found Myra Cable quite the reverse in this respect. Since the unfortuate affair in the river, wherein I had played the part of the farcical hero, the lady had taken me under her espeLial charge. During my sojourn in many lands I had learnt many modes of making love, but for straight!orward, vigorous and original billing the Prime Minister's daughter was the chef-dceativre.. Here is an:illustration.: . \- O-h?e-?hifing'?(Mjra arid w)erc wa-dering down by tihe river.arm-in arm. It was a Ieantiful moonlight night, athnost as clear as day. Sud denly the girl stopped and taking me by both nty arms, tixed her large black eyes upon my face. SFrank, do you love me ?" she said, bricily, in a rather cold and hard tone of voice. " The question was so sudden and un expclted that I could not reply for tlhe nmoruent. "Because," she continued, without waiting for tny answer, "I love you love ,ou more than I canteil." " Why, Myma, this is not leap year," cried I, rccoverisig myself. i "1 canre not whhaf year it is," she Sanspsered, in the same m:easured tone and with a strange light in her eyes. " It has seemed years to mne since you Scamie'here. ;'Answer my question," ,I-.realiy-I like you very much, "'Like Nay, that is no repl y,~" she cried,:with vehemence. "1 alni deter anined that you shall love me, or--": " Or-what, Miss Cable?" •'I.will KILL YOU !" she returned, slowly and without moving a miuscle of Sher face. I burst out laughing at her. HIere \- was courtia g with a vengeance. My love or my life. That was it "Oh, you may laugh!" she said, .after a pause. "I have hcerd my fa $ber say that his countrymenopre most cruel when they seemn most mcrctlul. So it is with you. .) yo'tu think I have not the courage to kill you F' I felt inclined to roar out afresh at her question ; but, looking down at her, I saw that she was in terrible earn est. " Myra, you are half a Pakeha," I answered, in. a grave way, so that she might not mistake my words. "These people about you here are ignorant,but you have been to school and know many things that they can never know. if the chief Rewi wants a wife he se lects whom he pleases from his tribe; and, if the lady demurs, he uses force. Among the Pakehas it is different. Love does not come at our bidding, neither will he depart from us with a word." " Love has come to me like a thief," she murmured, in a low tone. "I am sorry," I said, soothingly. "By and-by, perhaps, Myra may see some handsome fellow more worthy and more suitable for you as a husband than I am. Remember, I am almost a stranger to you and a guest beneath your father's roof." ~'*You are a beautifulddeyil that has come?nhieillei th-e light "out 'df niy life," she cried, stamping. her foot on the ground in a fierce mood. "Before you came I was happy. Now I do not care if you throw me headforemost into the river!" " 'ooh, girl! You are beside your self, over what, after all, may be only a passing fancy." "Fancy !" she echoed,her eyes ; ablaze, "you shall see !" and without another word she left me to find my way back alone. I was fairly puzzled what to do un der the circumstances. The girl was handsome, she was tolerably educated and one of the best female mimics (especially of the human voice) that I had heard in my life. This I had good cause to remember later on. Fortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure befel me which, for a time, relieved me of my fair per secutor. It was at the close of a long day's pig hunting, in company of Rewi and others, that I chanced to outstrip my cLompanions in chase of a huge boar. I was so pre-occupied with the excite ment of the sport that I did not notice that I -was alone and that the dusk of evening was gathering around me. When I did discover the fact I began to make a sound like the cry of the pel-a signal to my companions; but,. to my surprise and chagrin, there was no response. Again and again I made the ravines ring with the call, but with no better success. I was tired with the hunt and very hungry, having tasted nothing in the way or eatables since morning; but I felt that my best plan would be to push on and try and find the party re turning home before darkness set in. At that time 1 had rio idea that a search would be mnade" for me by the young chief and his men; but, as it transpired afterwards, had I remained stationary in one place no doubt they would have found me. But I had an idea that I could find the settlement of the king very well by myself-like the presumptuous puppy that I was. Darkness catte on apace attd I as cended the side of a deep ravine. Scrambling to the top, I sat down and felt for my comforter, in the shape of a short black cutty, which, by the way, had consumed some score pounds weight of tobacco. But I discovered that I had not the ghost of a match wherewith to light it. " The deuce fall foul of that ugly boar!" I muttered, between my teeth. " No food and my pipe useless for the want of a lucifer. NVil desperasndum ? I'll push on; better to keep moving. I'm on the right track." It happened that I was not, though. Striding haphazard over the loose stones and boulders, I made headway up one ridge and down another until the perspiration began to stand on me in huge drops. At the termination of a couple of hours I found myself en tering a tall forest of kauri pines, which I did not remember to have seen in our route during the pig hunt. It was now quite dark, but there was sufficient light for me to trace my steps; yet the further I went the more dense becamne the scrub, until I was lain to sit down and rest I began to despair now of finding my way in the gloom of night. My face and hands were torn with the. sharp thorns and prickles of the stunted cawrice and ti-ti-tree and, by the same process, my clothingghadhbecome well ventilated to0the keen, piht'ind.i -I I feI!t I rould gladly have exchanged a L5-note for just onesingle wax nmatch at that moment. Perchance it waas as well that I had none with mise. Matters that seem to our short sighted reason a misfortune very often turn out in the long run to our advan tage. I had been seated in the shelter of one of the grand kauri pines for about an hour, when I became aware of a low, strange noise in my vicinity. At first it sounded like the wind amncngst the brushwood, but anon, as 1 intently listened, I distinguished the voices of men talking loudly. My first jiipulse was to give forth the cry of the pelu; bgt foreign travel had taught nme'caution. I therefore crawled upon miy hands and knees in the direction of the sounds, and pre sently camne upon 'a scenei that made me feel anythiing but comfortable. Writhin a sisall clearing, ringed in by a tlhickl belt of triees, I saw a large fire. ArouLid it in a circle were squatted SSome ftlly Maoris, talking and gesticu lating in a fierce manner, peculiar to the Maoris when roused to anger. T'hey were all armed and one fellow of I-erculian proportions, who seemed to hold autlhority over the remainder, was standing in the centre of the ring leaning on his riflei. This savage was almost nude and had his body painted in a grotesque fashion with s?hite npaint and red ochre, his head bcin;g adorned Sby a crimson shawl. tI had been only six weeks in~ the hapu of the Kingites, b-it, under the tuitionof Myra, I had gathered a smat tering of the Maori language sufficient to enable me to comprehend the pur port. of what these savages were say ing. The gist of it was simply this: Ralph Heywood, a sea captain, owned a large house and a fine estate somewhere in the neighborhood. Ben Cable mentioned this gentleman's name to me as residing some thirty two miles further up the river, on a grant of fine pasture land purchased fiom the king, under whose protection he lived. The place occupied by the retired mariner was called " Fern Cliff," and was considered the station par excellence on the Waikato River. Here, then, I discovered that these men before me we'e part of a robber tribe of Maoris, known as Te Hurl, the banditti of New Zealand, who are now, and ever have been, a scourge and a plague to both peaceful Maori and Pakeha. The purport of their visit was briefly to plunder Captain Hey wood's house at Fern Cliff. Crouched here listening to them, I. was..enabled.to gather and put together their whole plan of attack. The visit of these wretches meant more than plunder-it meant murder-cold, cruel murder; for I had heard them spoken of even by their own race with a shud der of horror. . I would have given all I had in the world to have warned Rewi of the pre sence of these marauders. But how was it to be done? Even had I known the way to the settlement, how was I to bring the requisite succor up in time. The attack was to be made on Fern Cliff on the following morning and in the meantime three scouts were ordered by Tutara, the leader of the party, to proceed to the station at once to recon noitre, with orders to return before dawn and report progress. As I heard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across me. I deter mined to dog the heels.of the scouts, discover the Fern Cliff and warn the inmates of their danger. Before I had time to clearly fix this decision in my mind, the three savages leapt out of the circle and began their journey. Luckily they passed within five paces of my concealment without discovering me. Rising from my posture, I followed cautiously in their footsteps. My eyes had grown accustomed to the night and I could discern them very well. I felt no fear, so far as my own personal safety was concerned. I was armed with a double- barrelled rifle, also a revolver, both of which I had taken the precaution to load ere I started on my way back to the hapu. For a long time I hovered at the rear of the scouts, who moved at a rattling pace. Once or twice I imagined they had discover ed me, but soon found they had paused to be certain of the route.: - ... ... CHAPTER V. It was very fatiguing and a great draw on iny staying powers to keep pace with the Maori scouts. Their pace was neither slow nor gentle, but a rasping, swinging gait, peculiar to these people, anid by which the slowest oi them can manage to get over five oi six English imiles an hour for days to. gether when on the warpath or forag ing expeditions. It was a moment when I began tc entertain serious doubts as to nmy ability to keep the Maoris in asew that I was relieved by a sudden halt on their part. The spot was a high clifi or ridge, overlooking a ravine which had been thickly wooded on either side, but the axe of 'the settler had thined the giant kauris, leaving a noble, park-like -valley, at the upper end ol which there loomed out the gables of a large house. There were lights twink ling at the windows and the sound of voices could be heard. The moon had risen an hour previ ously and by its light I could discern several out-houses, stables, sheds and a host of other indications which be spoke the well-to-do settler. The pic ture was beautiful in its calm repose and stillness, viewed beneath the glow of the moon. However soon the black storm of human liassion might lower over the peaceful scene, the stars spark led and the moon shone in undisturbed tranquility. The scouts did not leave me much time for cogitation. Taking a circuit ous route, but in a nlore cautious way thian hitherto, they approached the house by the garden, the latter having a-high fence on one side with-a biroad creek on theotheher. Here, within lifle shot of the dwelling of Captain Hey wood, the Maormssat down by the banks of the stream to rest ere proceeding to reconnoitre the place. It was useless my dogging the scouts any longer. I knew that these war riors would have to return to their comrades and report progress ere any thing in the shape of an attack ivould be attempted. Cautiously retracing mny steps, I made my way round the garden fence to an opening leading to the back part of the premises. SI could not help noticing that the house was large, one story and solidly built of stone, with a broad verandah stretching round three sides, the real wall being open to the orchard and thence to the creek. I had managed to reach within a dozen paces of the back door whesn a huge dog leapt forth at me to the ut most stretch of his chain. I cannot tell what puossessed me at the imomnent, but I walked boldly up to the brute, who ceased his noise in an instant and began to sniff round me. I saw he was a grand specimen of the New foundland breed, black in color and al most as large as a mule. No doubt my tcemerity saved rne from his fangs. -A Mari or thief would have run for it. Perchance the dog was the nmoe as tonished of the twain. lie quietly per mitted ime to go firomn him without more ado.-To be Continued,. W~ 