Letter from Aunt Eily. My Deab Childben—There is some thing the matter. It is this: I am troubled with a plethora of subjects to write about. Here we are with confirmations, competi tions, beautiful feasts, Christmas looming in the distance, the near distance, and the first—and not the least interesting—of dis plays, viz., the display at the Orphanage ; and, to crown all, a very long list of corres pondents waiting to be attended to. First of all, about the great day at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Tuesday last, when our Archbishop made so many " strong aud perfect Christians." A brave sight it was, to see so 'many soldiers file into their ranks with quite a martial tread after receiving their weapons—the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. ; Some of these soldiers came down the church aisle look ing very fierce and determined indeed, as if to say, " Now, old gentleman, come near me if you dare, I'm ready for you." Others, again, looked as if it was a mere joke, and with an easy air, as if to say, " Pooh, where is the fellow, Fll soon settle Mm " while some " blessed dears," as the old women say, looked like angels, not even giving a thougfrt ,to such an extremely unpleasant individual as the old enemy, but thinking only Of the great sacrament they had just received. ' I wonder have . my nephews and nieces ever read the little story entitled, "The mark that was never rubbed out." My dears, you had better be vety careful when you> think of that mark, for were you to turn miserable cowards with that mark upon you, and let the enemy get the vic tory, it would fare badly with you. But. this was not the; only great event that took place on this .Feast of the Im maculate Conception, for besides the large number confirmed, there were a goodly number of that comfnunicantd from that school of schools, the Christian Brothers' College. ; Hpnpy t bpys !•,; Amf | Eily con gratulates you all. Competitions must "next be,,dealt with. Letters are1 coining in (dr these, but on account of so many examinations at present being parried on,-an extension, of, time has been granted, and competition letters will be received until December .21, instead of DeCeinbet 7, as at first khnounced.1' Some very good letters' h&Ve; reached me, (but others, again, have not taken notice of the.ffb jeqta; selected, anf- haye Loosen their own' subject. In the competition for senior members from 15s to 18, three put of six of the children of" fiction will fulfil con •ditions,as ali aix mp.y,make Jetteifnather lefiM;hy.: < hope to -hav&Botne; goodletteis in tnis division.: ;1 m f ? . You would,like to hear somethingof the display at the Orphanage, which was heid last'week, ; lt have already told- you. how flotirishin'g the ojpbanB always look. Well, they are just the same Ss ever, only,better /This in what we call an " Irish bull," my dears.) A number of the. kind friends of thb'brphanB assembled to witness the enter tainmentjand Father O'Neill made a grand speech, while ,Dr. O'Connell made another, and two better friendi of the orphans it would be difficult # vfind,-| for Father O'Neill prasented nll tb'e prizes for the Dr.wmmiiM* wicesto the institution free of charge all thej^trbukd.. V You will bh glad to hear that the orphans aria all as well aS possible/ and I can assure j<m they lobked rtihafckably hioe,^ >"■ not to speak of bright frocks and smart coats and collars. I think it is just the biggest mystery in South Australia how six—only six—Sisters keep everything in such apple-pie order. If the dear Sisters had only time, I would suggest that they should open a class, and give lessons to mothers of families on " How to do every thing in the best possible way." My letter bag is very heavy, and the con tributions are really excellent. I am sure before Christmas is over I will have a very handsome sum in hand for the dear orphans. It is early in the month, and already I have received for December <£1 17s., besides a case of good things. Niece Veronica Mary Graham, North Adelaide, writes to tell about her concert. You quite took my breath away when you told me you had the honor of representing Our Lady in the tableaux. My dear child, how very good you will have to be for ever after. Thanks for your generous contri bution. A little Adelaide nephew comes next— Nephew John Moroney. What a little boy to be in the fifth class; only eleven, and an altar boy, too. Well, dear, I hope you are good, for altar boys are privileged mortals m being allowed so near the Holy of Holies, and waiting on the good priest. Thanks, also, for your donation, which I have since received. Be a diligent member, and get some of your friends to join the club. Here is a very young nephew. Nephew Willie Gason is only eight, and hopes to make his first communion before long. I hope you will, Willie. You will have to write me again when that event takes place. Good little nephew. JNiece Annie lynch is an old and good member, and I think we are all indebted to Niece Annie for her really good letter. I will at least say, for myself, that I enjoyed the reading of your letter very much. Niece Josephine Fitzpatrick enrols not only herself, but her brother and sister as well. Niece Josephine is my first Willunga niece, and she makes a good start. Thanks for your kind donation. I hope you will come off well in the competi tion. Nephew Tom, our humorist, I have already answered, but I think it is my duty,, as an Auntie, to advise him to leave off pelting schoolmasters, and go to school like other good boys. As for your not knowing your age, because you cannot remember when you were born; you were present on the occasion, I suppose, so I think you ought to know something about it. Thanks for all your good wishes. Be a diligent member, and enrol some as good as your self. Niece Lizzie McDonald, Gumbowie, writes a sensible little letter, and sends a nice do nation. I am sure jou have sense enough to attend to the prayers yourself which the State.school leaves out. Write ine a longer letter next time. Nephew John Minahan, also from Gum bowie, writes a: description of Gumbowie. ItrnUst be a very trying climate up there, nephew. ■ Not very many South Australian nephefrs have Beeh snow, I fancy. Write a longer i letter next time; add try for the' competition. With love, ' ■ AUNT EILY. NIB,—Competition letters will be received until Monday, December 21. Aunt Eily acknowledges:—Niece Ella Larkey, > Carrioton, <6d.-; Lucy Larkey; Car rieton, 6d-; Eileen, Mintaro Station, 5s.; Marguerite,' Homadate, 6b. 6d.; John Maroney.Wright Street, Is. Eeceived.—As every section of the com munity now . has its journal, it is ■' only fittihg,that cycling, having a great num ber of Votaries, should ,also have its own paper. . The first number of " the ! South AuttralianOyclisihaa been sent to us, and is a creditable production. It contains all the latest cydistnotes and gossip,' ahd:, an excellent ^lustration is fmmished of the . new journal'may Wasuboees. 