F Ii E 0 K L E S , BY LILIAN 01. NDLEU, " ?T>'U,e, Id eg, where are you. I sny, Ma use ! " "What do you want ? " " You, of course ; what else do I crer want ! Whom are you ? " •' Up in tho apple tree, of course 1 else do I evc-r get when I don't want to be disturbed ? " " Then come down." Where ' What for ? Can't I finish my chapter ? " " No, come at once ; 1 want to tell you something." "Here, then, catch the book." And she dropt a copy of much used " Asphodel " out from the gnarled old hranrhes of the lichen-grown appletren over in the further corner of the orchard. H<xinfjhnm Hartley had by this time singled out the favourite rfstin« place of the girl, and now stood beneath the tree in reclines to help her down or to catch her should she jump. The. opi-n book descended flat on hi*, upturned fare in her stead ; and while he stooped If) pick it up and to gather together the, loosened, fluttrriog pages, Madge swung herself down from her pereii. " Well ? " she askrd him. " What's the matter ? " he marie reply, staring at her j,s he straightened himself. " That's whnt. I want to know. Yon said you had sonwtliing to tell me." He s ; ulTed the hook info his pocket, r>nd stepping low.iub her took her two hands in his. " Whiit's u)>, Freckles ? You've be 11 cryin;.', 7 ' lie said. " Well, 1 don't need to be toldthatwhr.nl d'd it myxdf," and she laughed a little watery lu<i»h lie", U 'ii ler tcfrs. What's the matter, clour ? Toll me all about 'I. ' And he took her t,-fo hands in his sliong brown left one and placed the other consolingly r<-und her shoulder. " It's only tho stupid old book, Rex, and I've read it twice before." " (Iocs ont and drowns herself, doe.-n't she ? I remember. Silly old Fieckles ! But i say, by Jovo, it suits you to cry, old lr.dy ; mnkes yon look awfully nice." " Den't tease ; what have jou pot to tell me ? " and she rubbed her wet cheek up and down his r.i>at collar. " Notlvr.g that'll make you cry, little one, but something that will m-dfo you so happy 011 my account." " Oh, Hex, what is it ? Won another bicycle ra.ee and got a jolly prize ? Or a rise in the office ? " " Guess again." lie seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watch- ing the tears vanish away as she turrie l her globing face to his. " Dear, I enn't guess ; tell me." " It's something jolly, nnd wdll be n sort of expected suiprise to you, if I may use the expression." " iiex, you nnven't been betting sgain, and w-n and bought the chestnut, of Isir Grorge's yon want-'-d ? " Her eyes looked vrty serious now, and there was a pit;ful conscious quiver nhont the mobile lips. " No, 'pt'n honour. I haven't betted since tho time. I promised you I wouldn't." said nothing, but with a happy little sigh, of contentment she l*id lier head down on 1;H shoulder again. " Well, 1 see I'll have to tell yon," s'd 1 Ib-xii.ghnm after a pause. "You remember the artist who wns struck with your hair last year P " " Uiun." " We'l, it's something to do with him ; can't you guess ? " She. knit her brows and puzzled in silence. At last she said: " No. I've no idea, of anything ahe that could concern you except tin ' ; he elded in an nntore. ' anything that con d fon'-rrn ud t', iinve u>u seen him hte " No ; but I've seen his sister." " Which si.'ter ? Miss Hive or the frisky tvidow that was here P " " Both ; but 1 mean Pauline—Miss Itive." Well ? " " Can't ycu guess ? " " You don't mean she, has asked you to sit for her and mean? to paint your portrait ? " " 1 didn't know she could paint people." " Didn't you ?" The re-tort sounded ss if It tialf revealed a secret. But ltexingham did not notice it. "Weli, I'm engaged to her, that's a'l.and I'm just the luekicst, fellow in the world ! Isn't it jolly ?" Something startled him, it sounded' as though a voice in thc far distance :md yet soine-ahere quite near ejaculated " Oh Cod ! " An '.Out that the expression wns so unferoinine, »nd was moreover uttered rather in the tone of a supplication than an interjection, lie: might haw- fancied Madge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep in Ids coat. " Well," lie asked, after a pause, " aren't you going to congratulate me ? " Still she was silent. " Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, haven't you a word of food luck for me ? Why I used to think- you were fond of mo little girlie, and so you are the first person I have told my hit of fiood news to." I!e put his hand under lier chin and turned her face towards him. The tears were all gone now. and so siemcd to be the colour from her cheeks and the network of littie simspots which, had won her her pot name from him, st-00 I out in hold relief against the unwonted pakness of her skin " What's the matter, Madge ? Ynu look as if you vsere choking. Have you got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ? " The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was cove- in an instant. " I think 1 must have swallowed a piece of flu it o!f your coat," she said, " and it stuck in my throat." " Tins engagement of yours is rather sudden, my hoy. isn't it ?' The tone set med somewhat anxious and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurl ley, when, about an hour afterwards, her son had sought her out to tell her of his picce of good luce.. " No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good hit of the, Rives last year, and I have oiten m< t them in London since." " I had no ide-i you admired that kind of girh" said Sirs. Huitley. "Oh, mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and, beshh s, she has such a good figure, and really the dearest little foot and ankle of any woman 1 know." ' ' Well, 1 suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a good figure and a pretty ankle," said his mother, with just a touch, of something that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. " Have you told Marjory ?" she asked after a pause. " Of course I told Freckles just as soon as I got in from the station. They told me she was in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my old playmate at once.'"' "And what did she, say, how did she lake it r" asked Mrs. Hurt-ley anxinur ; y. Ob, she didn't say much, rhe was a bit surprised at first, and, besides, just as I was telling lier a fly flew down her throat or fomcthing, and she bad to swallow that first. After a hit she a,sked me if I were happy in niy engagement, and when I snid, ' Bather ! ' she told me then so was she. I cay.uu-ther, I want you to a,sk Pauline down here, and all might get up a little picnic or something. And—1 should like it to bo nice you know ; they are very rich ! " " How do you like my dress, Rtx ? " " It's charming." " But you are not looking at it." " Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then if you want people to notice your dress I " She laughed, she WAS pleased, and yet consideiins how used Pauline Iiive must have been to compliments and flatteiy it seemed strange she couid still feel so delighted a' oui them. *'• What are we going to do v.hcu we get out of the train P " she asked presently. " Go straight to the ris er and meet Meg and the provisions there, ami that lazy brother of yours if he remembers to turn up." "Oh, lies, it will be awful if Jack doesn't come ! " " Why ? I needn't do all the work. Mange can row." " No, I meant—' two's comfortable, three's a crowd, you know." " Oh, Presides doesn't count for an extra one ; she is a jolly sort of girl 1 Vint way." " I don't like Miss Arleigli," protested Paubne. " But you roust sines she and I are great chums, you know." " Yes, I know. I wish you wero not." " Why ? " " She's a funny sort of a girl. Do you know What Jack said of her ? " " But Jack's mashed ; he'd say anything. What was it ? " " He said, when he was mad that time for her to sit- for him, you remember—' that, girl is the sort they m»ko heroines and murderesses ot.' He says red hair and that peculiar, dusky glow of colour which cones and goes under her skin, means pasBion and strength of will. Does she ever get in a passion, Bex ? " "Never; she is the sweetest-tempered woman I know ; but I don't suppuse Jack meant that sort of passion. Here we are." As they jumped out of the train Madge met them on the platform. "I came to the station," she said to Iiex after fircelim; Mi.-s Rive, "in ca i e you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rive has not come. Let me have the other side of that, Rrx," she said, suiting tho action to the word, " I'm so strong, and it lessens the weight so much for two to carry it." " 1 could have helped Rex," protested Pauline. Rex laughed. " You help, indeed ! Why you are only half ray size; and, besides, the strain would pull that rig of yours out of gear!" '« Be.siries, 1 am more used to it ; am I not Rex r " answered Madge, turning to him. " We've carried many a p'cnic basket down to the river hetween us, haven't we P " " Yes, Madge, you're an out-and-out brick ! And she never shirks her share," he ndded With kindly patronage, tnming to Pauline. " J Mipi^-c :<•<"' i'.Hv." ki-osvo Mr. Sluitiey a Yiil'v bu-'l-i-ne ;-' '' ob,-'.y:\\-..l :C la 4 dis- linctly " conversat onal " tone. " Not flo very long ; I rm only twenty-two," replied Madge so brightly t.hst to suspect sarcasm in the answer so me-1 treaohrry. " 1 wns three and .Meg ten months old when mother adopt,cd h< r," explained fi'-x. IV.uline vouchsafed no reply, but hit her lips and walked on. To her the rrmnrk seemed iilbred on Madge's part. They w( re soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat ; it set med as if there would not have been room for Jack Hive hr.d lie come. " Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? " asked Pauline as they started. " Yes, if you sit still and don't wrigglo about ; it isn't else." •' Then why did you bring me ont in it,'' she exclaimed, in horror. " Oh, Freckles and I always u*e th's boat, and there is no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair." " Do ynu often go on the river, Miss Arleigh P " asked Pauline. " A good hit ; in the holidays Rex and T are out- nearly all day ; when I'm nlono I :enctallygo in a canoe." " Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully nmafe P " " Oh., no ; not if you know the river. But you really must sit still Miss Km-, it is d-fiieult for me to steer, or for Rex to scuii if the boat's not trim." " By George ! it's more than difficult ; it's dangerous when a steamer comes fdong i " exel aim eil If-ex. "Oh, I'm so frightened! Let's land soon, please," entreat'd Pauline. " Sit quiet, for goodness sske, Linn, and you will be all rigid . We must get down to Willow Bend before we open the luncheon basket* ! " Miss Rive's courage rose, nnd her equanimity returned as she found that the, host neither turned upshle down nor rnn into tho bar.k as t hey pro-i r de l, and she soon forf.o! lier fears and the creases in j ,T , c-,v dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tl ey lunded, nnd the baskets gave up their hidden store, much, too much of course as i cu 1, as is the way of picnic, h \sket-. " I begin to miss Jack when the plates are unwr-ippod ; don't you ? " remarked I ex, as having supplied the ladies, he began to fill his ov. n. " You S( em qu : te as wrl'l able to disp-'»a- of tho tilings," laughed Midge. " Hasn't that hoy an enormous appetite when he's in a pood temper. Miss R.vo P " " f c-in't say I've noticed it," replied 1'an'ine in nunc an aggrieved tone. "Oh. come now, hiveu't I b.-en in a good temper ever since you fit at smiled on me ? " exclaimed. Ri x, with his mr.ulh full of pie. They dawdh d so long over their luncheon and then went "just a little lower down," h: fore turning hick and again putting in lit Widow Bend tor a cup < f tea, rnd it was such fnn boiling the kett'e nnd washing up the plates, and re-pHck'iig ihe basket, that it was crowing oai-k by the time 'he little party commenced their return jourm y by the river Even Pauline hive acknowledged thai she. had enjoytd herse f—R-x was so joyful and Idaijory so quaint an l nu-rry that she forgot Hint h'-r gown puckered whorcv- r the water spliced oil it, and that the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. " I'll scull home,"' said Bex, " and you steer, Fi cckles." " it's getting awfully da-k," he said presently. at ler working s'.ea-'.ily for a quarter of an hour. " Are v,e near the lock \ et r" "Another sixty yard-; and we'll he. inside," answered Madce, peering into the darkness for boats alv ad. In the lock Madge w-.nted to charge nid take the sculls to ic^t. Rex a bit ; she thoueht, too, that he would piefr-r ihe si at, next Pauline, but Rex in^i-led on retaining the oars, he was not tired he said ; and it wanted a man's stroke t" get. them heme before it became cpiite eaik. Wh< n the.' i me ged fr.-.rn ike lo.-l: they f.ond t he nv; r v; ry mist v. h- sides bets g .-.ve'- shs'io-.,. I 'nil-, trees now for ihe test oftho •.each h"t»i". " I don't like this ; I don't feel safe," cxclaimi d Pauline. " It's ail right if we ate careful, and Freckles is a splendid, steerer," Rex assured her. . Presently Madge said : " Rex, there is something in In .nt of us ; it looks as if a great coal ! barg.- hail broken away from the tug and was I floating broads do on to us." j Pauline, screamed. ! "Give her plenty of room, I hen," ordered j Bex, ai-d Madge t.ucred the boi.t into the middle of the str< a m, as iho ohsticle seemed coming down ahvo-.t along the hank. I Suddenly, as t-hey came lrom the shadow of ! tile great hulk the lights from a steam launch blazed iu their eye-;. .Before they knew what io no Hie fin11 boat struck forcibly agdnst something " We're lost ! We're lost !" cried Pauline. "Sd still for God's sake, or we shall be," commanded Rex. " Can you both swim ?" " Slip loose your ski:ts," whispered Madge, nt Pauline flung herself on the side of the boat in a paroxysm of terror, and before they had time to recover her, she had upset them all into the water. " Help !" shouted Rex ; •' we're capsized ; stop the screw." Madge found herself c'inging to the side of the boat, which had not term d over, but had righted itself mere than 'naif full of water. She caught, at the wiist of I'anhne and placed her hand on the boat too. " Iiohl on," she cried, "we are all r ght ;"' hutevt n as she spoke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight : it was cvblen ly leaking. Soon she heard Rex close to her. " Ace you both tog. ther ""We are both here," answi red Ma-lg?. "Pauline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or i e- ceived a blow." " We must struggle on to the barge ; the s'eamer does not seem to have heard us, And has gone on " | " Save Pauline," cried Freckles, as thc boat sunk out of her grasp with a swish and a whirl of Idack water. Rex seemed undecided. In that supreme moment the faithful affection of a lif- time seemed to outweigh the passion of yesterday. "Save her," repeat e ! Madge : "I can swim !"' Rt x struggled to 'he M-.le of the barge, but it was too high, out of Ihe winter to allow of any bin.ling, l-uuiened as he was, too, with tilinanimate vvcight of the fainting Pauline. He was a strong swimmer, and so bv skirting the barge managed at last to gain the hank, 'j'h re lie de-poshed his future wife. " Freckh-s," lie s'nout-ed, " make for the hank. It's net so ve>y l'ar. ; go down stream a littb- and then co-r.-e past tho barge. Madge ! Madge ! I will keep on shouting iliat you may know which way to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will como out to you !" No answering shout relieved his hungry ears. " Freckles !"' ho cried wildly. " Madge ! Madge !" Still no answer, but in his ears ran to the tunc or the gurgling waters. "Sa-.e her ; I can swim !" An I with that generous lie on her dying lips Marjory's loving soul had fled out to eteroity. 