NOTES AND EVENTS. Bye-Law for the Regulation of Dairies, Dairy Cattle and Milk, Shire Tlenders,. Fsaraera' and Graziers' Items, Police liagisftrate'a Appointments, European Telegrams.'- Rokewood, Union Football COub and Draughts, appear on our fourth page. Two Christmas stories--' From the. Deplhs ofthe SeS," and" Moat Croft, or the Ghost of Crime"-are published this morning. In addition to these there.are a numbs r of interesting articles, such as " In Hot Weather-What to Eat and Drink," and oither items.' ' Many- people being in the dark as to the provisions of the bye-law passed by the Cclnc shire in 1886 for the regulation of. dairies, dairy cattle and milk, we have published them in full on our fourth page. Dairymen should not fail to peruso the regulations which are stricter than many of them imagine. Th'e directors of the Colae Dairying Com pany -have adopted a novel method of wish ing the suppliers a prosperous new year, by increasing the price of milk from ad per lb for the butter contained to 8d, from the 16th to 31st December only. This mute way of expressing the compliments of the season will be none the less acceptable to the suppliers. We have been informed by a well-known grower of Corunnun, who has recently visited Warrnambool, that the early potato crops in the latter district are going into the second growth. The combination at the end of the stalk is main'y a bunch of roots, some of which strike through the surface, and causing what tubers there are to go soft. Not a few of the crops in this district are similarly affected. Digging will shortly commence, and two tons to the acre will be the exception. It is a wonder that people who per sistently advocate the blessings of freetrade should give extra prominence to the union being formed in the British Parliament by the Eail of Win:hilsea for a customs union between Great Britain and the coloiies, because it is protection pure and simple against the outside world. The Constitution Act Amendment Bill was shelved by the Upper House on Wed nesday, because it had not been passed by an absolute majority of the Assembly. The bill for the reduction of members of the Assembly fell through on Wednesday, owing to there not being an absolute ma jority on the second reading vote. The funeral of the late Mr J. L. Kinin month took place on Wednesday, and the high eeteem in which the deceased was held was exemplified by the presence of representative men from various parts of the colony. When the cort6ge left Mt. Hesse there weresome40 vehicles, butby the time Winchelsea was reached the number had increased to between 70 and 80. The deceaised's remains were laid to rest in the Winchelsea cemetery. The pall-bearers were-Messrs Jas. Aitken (Melbourne), Jas. Russell (Carngham), Geo. Lewis (Stone leigh), Walter Tully (Mount Sides), Jas. Houtson (Mount Derrimut) and Jas. Russell (Barunah Plains). There were a large number of floral tributes, including a handsome one from the committee of the Colas Presbyterian Church. The Rev J. D. Diekie officiated at the grave. Mr Thos. Sharrow carried out the funeral arrangements with his accustomed ability, the fine polished oak coffin being turned out in a first- class manner. The resignation of Dr Wynne was re ceived at a meeting'of'the directors of the Colne Dairying Company on Tuesday. Regret was expressed at the resignation of the doctor, who had done so mach for the company at all times, and it was resolved to place on record a minute in recognition of the valuable services he had rendered. The matter of filling the vacancy will be dealt with at next meeting of the board, The meeting of the Colae shire council on. Wednesday had to be adjourned in con sequence tf the majority of councillora being at the late ir Kininmonth's funeral. The latter was a member of the council for three years, and in any case it was intended to adjourn for a little time as a mark of resrect to deceased. The meeting will be held en Saturday at half-past ten o'cloclk. Mr C. E. Tulloh's new drapery and millinery establishment is almost per fected. The expansive windows have been decorated equal to the city, with a hundred .and one articles suitable for the Christmas trade. The arrangement, which has attracted many admirers,.was designed by Mr J. Dunb'ar. The approach of Christmas is heralded on many sides,- more especially in the stationers' establishments. Mr J, F. Parr kinson, of Murray street, has a splended assortment of not only Christmas speciali ties .but everything connected with the trade; in fact it can he safely said without exaggeration that a better stock could not be found outside the large centres. Mr Parkinson's long experiencein the business enables him to command the wholesale market, and as he buys direct from the manpfactureri the public obtain the benefit, There is an excellent collection of mechanical bards of exquisite design, besides hundieds of otlnepa of all shapes and sizes. Toys of varnios description1 and a choice assortment of glassware also adora the shelves. There are books in endless variety, including a line of specially bourle poet's volumes." Prayer and hymn books of pny description can be obtained at reduced prices, The large and varied stock offers a rare oppgrtunity for persons wishing to pupehpsa Christmas and New Year presents, so that there should be nd necessity for anyone requiring superior goods at reduced prices to send out of the town for them. S'i'The Warrga.?bhoo Jndustrial and Art Exhibition ill sut ooeped on Monday next by; Sir John Mc\fiden, Chief Justiie. A citatata, specially wroitten for the oecasion by Mr J. S.~Sbtanley and set to niusic by Mr Louis Bayer, will be:' perform;e 'by a choir of 70 voices, thle principal pcrts being ekeosp by leading vocalists who have beep .ep.cb.i pnaged. Since decidinna to 1lold tae ,;exibhfton fe dnts of the seaside toea have spareod nethor pajpg por eg pense to rendure it zore than Ustnali ttiactvise. In addition to the Tona Hall and the Ant Gallery a large nsn eliehs beu eoseped by annexes, andes the chele of .the spa?ea fus providedl hias been applied for by intendigfi sbibitors the expiisifion ~ibould be an inmpolna on; ' The buildimigs will be lit' l eldlctcirsty, asn atrarcliong i4 the shape of concerts and other enterthin uents will be provided. Residents of this itirsatbesirimno to'visit the exinibition gill ,be able~to aa?l :t.epielveos.nf th.e seaside excursion fa Sens: :I:A ncapital concert wvll be gSIvei .4 Jtsarngairook- ast on Shturday evening by 64c Colac e'sleyau chdoir in aid of the orgun (snd. Au excellenit progrinmme of selo, duets sald pholrpes will be rendered. 'ho eotegtainenifntt is to cortprpeoc at sneoyc o:.qclr,:sois.nto en?klathl e people toreturn honme early. '" The fsags of the various ?oel wareshouses aL4 pftr places of business in Geelonne Irave4 at bal" gf- t op Tuesday as a. mari .of reipect to the Ite J.k. ·biulqtath, "f SIs h~re1ZBus~t sf~t P usaompnh et :1IB 