Love at First Sight. Silence then, she wondering how to ask his s advice about hr future without seeming also to ask his pity, and he thinking of one night he had watched beside her bed and hoard- her despairing cry for Frank. Was ' Frank' her dead 'usband ? II nnot, who was he, ,nd'bow could he stay away from such a w:.man ? Beatrice spoke first. 'Ada has told me what you said about my i eyes. Oh, Dr. Naylor, did you really mean it ?' I never say what I do.'e mean i' a little grufily. " Dan't fret about it. In a year's s time your eyes will he as strong as any one's.' )Yres, but noe?' .'Well,:there are heaps of things in the world for-women to do without killing them- I s~elves by working point lace for other people towear. It's madness to earn one's living s by needlework-utter madness.' Beatrice wished sadly he would name just I onse of the ' heaps of things.' How could I she have overlooked it in her anxious hours of thought last night ? Perhaps the question appeared on her face, for the physician went on: 'oYou're not a bit suited to take care o1 yourself. I never saw a somlran less so. Have t gyor no relatins ?' ;She shook her head. 'I depend solely on myself, and l have~ trmy .little child to take care tf.' .-:: ::So you have-so you have. Doi0you eii the country ?' . -. 1 : .T;i gqoe5-toa wtC as brupt an rot utterly irrslevant that Beatrie ':statedi :': ."I am very fond of the couoirn.:.'' ,.:•' l' 's v, ry dull in winer. - .:- ::::: ::-: 'I:.don'ts'mind dulness,' gravy?? i b' Iehave seen so miny troubles tlhar a very :lively place wZoufdt ja-on me.' : Three riiles from any staiboi;,' itindnued I Dr- Nayloe, 'n: though qiastingt by rotei,' 'one oldt lady for sole conipanion;. ~ gloomy ord bhouse witi- lots of rats, and peirhaps a, w'I ghosts... Now, would s hch "a life suit youi, Mfir Franks? .' 'l- dont know-I don't understand,, said Beatrice,- ifeebty. . '. L'a k here, ou arec.'L ft ito take care, ol yourself. My mother isn't fit .to take care f h:berself .-Sh.e wan's a companion; you want a bome; it seerms to me to it.. t very well.' ButI: have no references,' stammered BIatrice i-' and then there's Frankie.' £ IF'ankie can go wiih you; he'd thrive in the country. As to references; l'il be your reference. Say, is it a bargain ?' :Bewildered, confused, yet realirina through it all toe rare generosity ct the off r, Beatrice antswereld : Yes.' \- That's right. Well, 1'm going dor.n to see my -muother' to-mrrow, and sli.'. fix a -day for you to came. You're are sure .ou dur,,'mind tl e rats?'' ' '.. .-'Qite aure.' , : SIa -"pretty country village on tle top of a b.ill itood a handsome family mansion, built 'in ithe Elizabetba' style, not particularly artistic,~ inot picturesque, but yet denoting \- fromi"s very size, and the extensive grounds whichi uirounded it, that its owner must enj y an ample income, and posses besides a good idea of comfort. .Of toiiidy was written on every brick of the house; -f to-day was surely told by the :well-kept gardens. No old timber or his torical i?ak, me'ely lovely flowers and graceful shrubs. Everything about Grant's Rest spoke of a modern origin, and in very truth, fifty years ago Grant's Rest had not exis:ed. It watsthe property of a widow, a pleasant, affable woman who was visited by the countary generally and greatly respected. Lady Men stith, widpw of Sir James Menteithl, a Scotch architect, who had managed to get knighted for some wonderful design, married a young ivfe, built Grant's Rest, and then died in the very hey day of his prosperity, leaving house, money, land, all he had to leave,. without n o.tditiot or reservation, to his widow. SEveryone declared Lady Menteitb, who was barely thirty, would marry again, but everyoti? was mistaken. The only change th.t came to Grayt's Rest was the intrcduc tion of a bold, daring, eleven-year old boy, whb iwas publicly announced as Lady Menteith'd only child by her first marriage. ..Little by little the widow's story leaked out, antd some blamed whilst others pitied :ber.. When lilt'e more than sixteen, she t:ed married a peniniless young ofli.:er who died a .- year afterwards, leaviing her wi:h one cltildt iuprovidel for. She was pretty and fas cidating -alady by birth and breeding. .. hen hter mourning was over she met Sir 'Jamtts Meoteith, and he fell violently in love with he?. He laid all his riclhesn at her feet, but with one cotiditioa, that she should give op het child. Once she had refused, bus povertylpressed heavily on her. Thsy met agaio, and she consented. Hiu,,h Naylor was ent: to a first-rate preparatrory scho .I, an. bhi; mother became L.tdy Mentoeith. .. Foithe five years of her second marriage she never saw her son, never sp'ke his name. 'Then whben Sir Jan3ms Cied she br:ught Hugh hame to G ant's Rest, and by the most mntherly love-the m st devoted affTec tion, strove to make amends f.r her deestson ; :stahe ished her son to grow up the acknow, ledged hetir of Sir Jameos Mer;teith, to follow 0no professibn or calling, bat esj ry the riches for which 'ha had once forsaken him. Never was .rother mr:re dio'pp:.inted. Her .son muot have gatheted somnethinssg or been told all the it ,ry of the past. WV-en be left college he told Lady Menteith fintly he' would not live on her busbaou's mooty, he would make his own way. Deeply aggrieved, she demanded what he meant to do, and he answered calmly ie should. study medicine; he would take "neither money nor influence from her. H-w he kept himself whilst studying for his pro 'fessiou no one ever kneis. He passed the GCollege of Physicians and settled dawn in one of the poorest quarters in London. For years be worked on; his talents were 'great and his ifame gre-s. Many offers of advantageous practice were made him, he accepted none. He pursu'd the way he had marked out for timseif All respected him, and the poor blessed his name. Fir that be was notansunlutsful son. In his rare leisure hIe never failed to go and see his mother; 'he correepon led with her fre quently. His letters and his visits were the brightest spots in Lady Menteitb's life. She idolised Hugh, and ie loved her well, even though not for her sake could he bring himself to accept anything from his step father's money. The clday after his proposition to Beatrice, Dr. Naylor went down to Grant's Rest. He was not particularly busy just then, and the pleasant summer weather made the country tempting,*but had it snowed or poured with rain, be would have gone just the same. The hardworking physician was always ready to help those who could not help themselves. The grey.haired butler, who remembered Hugh' when he came to Grant's Rest a child, relaxed his grim features into a smile at the sight of him. He was a favourite with every oervant in the house, where he would n?ver assumetheleast authorlty. ' Is my mother at home, Hawkins ?' Always r'my mother,' never 'Lady Men- it teith.' Hugh would fain have forgotten that k she bore that title. p ' IHIer ladship is at hone, sir. She wilt be glad to see y:ou We did not expect you so soon.' Hugh pasted on up the grand staircase to I a pretty room, half boudoir, half library, where his mother always sat when alone. She started up when he entered; her thin face flushed with pleasure as she kissed him, and when he sat down beside her, Lady Menteith looked happier than when she entertained the Lord Lieutenant of the county. She was a little woman, st delicate and slender, so wonderfully youthful for her sixty years, that no stranger could have guessed her ' to be the mother of the great strong doctor s who looked much oldtr than the forty-two birthdays he had seen. There was not the least resemblance between the two; they might have represented weakness and r strength. Lady Menteith was just the kind of woman strong men delight to take care of. If she had been poor and dependent on Hugh, he would have lovesd her ten times I more. 'This is a pleasure,' she said, gladly. 'Hugh, I had not ventured to hope for you to soon. 'But I came on business, mother. I don't think I could have-got away unless.'" 'You: will work yourself to death, dear. You seem to me to think of nothing but your profession, and yet you never get any richer. ;Hugh laughed not unpleasantly. " ' Islington is not the place for a physician toi make a fortune in. When I begin to want wealth I shall move.' His m nner to her was very gentle, very terder; strangely different to the abrupt sharp speeches he made in town. IHle looked on the little gentle old lady as someone whom a harsh word would have hurt. These little, fragle women have one great advantage over their sti'onger sisters; they appeal so to a run's compassion. Their very weakness is their best weapon. 'At least you will stay to-night ?' replied Lady Menteiths; 'in fact you must; there is no train to take you back.' 'Yes, I will stay. How have you been, mother; have you hadvisitor's lately ?' S'Pretty well,' answering the first.question; 'of course I am getting old now, and- ' 'You look younger than I do,' laughing; 'you will make me quake, mothei, when you begin talking of old age.' She looked at him with a loving smile, this great, strong son of whom she was so proud. * What is the business, Hugh ?' she asked in her sweet, gentle voice. 'I know you won't feel easy until you have got it off your mind.' 'I want you to do me a favour, mother.' S'I wish y)u did, but, oh, Hughs, you won't take any favour from me. You won't let me show how proud I am of you.' ' Pride is ncue of the deadly sins. Indeed, mother, I am in earnest, I want you to do me a favour.' ' You said so once before, and it was only to give you my nomination to the B!uecoat School.' ' Well, I want to ask you a greater one now. You wrote to me last week that you meant to have a co.mnpanion.' 'Now I know what's coming,' said Lady Meutcith, merrily. 'Oh, Hugh, I can't, I could never have a companion o. your choosing. I know just what she would be like-a useful, bustling sort of body who had seen better days, who would go about calling mroe 'my lady,' and knitting stockings for an orphan asylum. I'll allow her,fifty pounds a year, but I can't have her here, I can't really.' Not in the least discomposed by ihbs point blank refusal, Dr. Naylor icquired: 'Wnat sort of a companion did you mean to select, mother ?' ' No one you would be likely.,to recom mruendt, . Hu;b. Someone young, cheeful, and not plain. Intetllectualenough not to bore me, but not a bluestocklog It's rather a diffi ult thing to find,' went on ' my lady, 'for I want a lady and yet. a person who wont expect to be always with me.' 'Well, I still think I can meet your t requirements, and remember, mother, you are e food of granting favours.' Lady Menteith fairly grot:nd. She could not bear to re!use her son, but she had not the slightest faith in his judgment of woman. S kind. • - •. 'Look here, Hugh, do be .serious. How Sold is she?' ' HFow old is who ?' a ' The companion you want to recommend to me. ' I never asked her.' ' Don't be absurd, Hugh, you must have some idea.' D)r. Naylor Ihought for full five minu!es t before answering. e 'I should think she was.five.and-.twenty; t not more, certainly' t Well, tha.'s something wonderful,' said Ihis mothrr, brightening up.' -Now, what is she liske? 'A pictue. She has one of the sweetest facesI ever sa'.' 'G sodn:ss, Hugh, you are getting senti t mental. I There, don't makeme ask so many questios.. Tltl me all ab..ut he-r.' SShe is a wiidow,a lady, I am sure, but very, very poor ;she has been getting her living by doing cr.,chet, or something of the kird ; but if she goes on at :that she'll work herse!f blind : ntwelve months' rest wtuld make her another c:eature. .We can't offer her maney or I might have mranaged with. out your t eip,' a little proudly ' As it is, a Scompanionship seems to me the only thing Sfor her, and if you won't think of it I thought I would run over to the Knoll and propose it to Mrs. Bertram. She must be lonely e with Frank away so much.' SLady Meateith was fairly conquered. S ' 'lI have her, High. If she's very dread ful I need not see smush s.f her, and as you call it a fave:ur to yourself, I can't refuse. e How did you meet hier ? 'I attettded her thrsusgh a long iilness We tbought lshe-?ould have died.' ' Only twenty-five, and a widow ? And you attended her through a long illncss, Hugh ? Is there anything in i: ? ' What do yo mean, mother ?' . ' My dear, men do msarry sm,netimes evn when thly are lurnt d aI.)riy two. You are not past the the ugbht .f it?' i Mrs Franks wil nOver be my wile,' replied Dr. Naylor, firnly. ' ier wb.h'e soul seems botsd up in her child. And as he said this there recurred to him those pitiful calls to ' Frank,' and be felt be Shad perhaps ns:de a false statement. ' Her child 1' in astonishment. 'That settles the matter-at once. I can'r have her if she has a child.' The doctor looked mildly bewildered. 'Why not ?' ' What use would she be to me? 'Married woman who have a half a docen children find time to keep house and aimuse their friends. Surely you can spare the boy a corner in this great house, and a roadl to see after him when his mother is witb y-ou. You say yourself you want someone who won't expect to be always with you It seems to me Mrs. Franks is just made for you',' ' it is the very strangest idea I ever heard A in my life, a companion who requires me ts sI keep a nursemaid for her child. What will n people say ?' 'I thought you prided yoursell on being n bhove that sott of thing, mother.' p He had touched the right chord now. Lady Menteith delighted in doing thirgi whicrh would have been impossible to other I women. She was oneof the most eccentric, kind-hearted, generously rish creatures ins the world. 'I'll have hier, Hugh,' she declared, 'ass you say the child will-amuse her wheo I don't t want her; and if she is half as pretty as you say, I am sure to like her.' 'I thbink you will,' be returned, gravely. r 'She has known a great deal of trouble. I shall like to think of hier being at ease here.' f I wish you would be at ease here, .Hugh.' He shook his head. 'I must wear out, mother. I couldn't rust.' ' Well, tell me your paragon's name and address and I will write to her, Hugh; I wonder it you ever liked anyone who was not I poor or unfortunate or something pitiful?' 'Ob, dear, yes; I like the B3ertrams verys well, and they are the most prosperous family in the country.' 'They have their ske'eton like the rest of us,.1 expect. Poor Mrs. Bertram is haunted by fears of the Knoll descending- to a stranger, and Frank-' 'Well, what about Frank? What have you to object to in him ? You can't camplain that he doesn't toke his ease. I've knon s Frank Bertram boy and man for thirty years, and I should say be-never troubled himself I about anything.' . S'\V Well, he looks worried enougb.. They dined here last week, and I thoughts I . never saw anone so ahlered.' 'Perhbaps he is in love.' 'If he were he would marry. He is his own master.' 'Ab, well, it's no use puzz!ing about other people's secrets. Those who wear the shoes knew where they pinch. When shall you tell Mrs. Franks to come, mother ?' 'She bad better come next: week. I expect Adela in a month, and I should like the strange additions to my household .to be a settled fact before then.' 'Is she Adela Lanngton still?' 'Yes; I hear no talk of her engagement.' 'She must be nearly thirty now.' - - 'Hugh l' 'Well, mother, cousins' memories are too faithful. I'm quite sure Adela was here when I came first.' ' i'm sure she ought to marry. Your aunt takes her to Lndon regularly. Do you know, Hugh, when I'm listening to Mary's troubles I do feel thankful I have no daughters.' ' I can't quite say that, mother. I should have liked a sister.' Dinner followed; mother.and son launched out into other topics. They did not speak of Mrs Franks again; but Hugh knew her future was safe, evenif'Laldy Men teith did not like her, it was not in her nature to be anythitg but kind to anyone thrown upon her protection.. - Dr. Naylor weot back to London confident that he had done the very best thing in. trhe world forhis mother and his patient. CHAPTER XL. IN the same pretty apartment at Grant's Rest where Lady- Monteith had received her son about a'reik latei the mistress of the house sat alone, ill eager expectation. The car. riage had gone to the.nearest-station-to meet Mrs. Franks, and my lady was now awaiting her arrival. To say that Lady Monteith was perfectly at ease would be untrue, Her son had no sooner departed than she regretted her weak compliance with his request. All her distrust of Hugh's judgment returned in full force. Men thought any woman who smiled at them pretty. Then, how coaild anyone who earned their bread a needlework be a .ady. Poor Lady Monttith felt sorely troubled. Hospitaity and kindness wereinnate in her. Notwithstanding her doubts three very pretty rooms had been fitted up for the travellers, and a maid specially appointed to attend on them. A lady and her little boy were coming to spend some time with her e was her announcemert to her hbusekeeper. Sne never mentioned that the lady was to be her companion; she had not forgotten the it days of her first widowhcoj, when she and Hugh had been well nigh as much in need of help as the mother and child now coming to Ifer. She heard the carriage enter the avenue and wondered whether to go to the hall to d receive her guest; she decided, not. If Hugb's rara avis turned out tobe a very ordinary sparrow the discovery had better e take place with as few witnesses as possible. So Lady Menleith sat still where she was s and waited with:b as much patidiice as she could, ' Mrs. Fratsks, my lady.' My lady saw- a tall, elegant woman in d mourning, whose beautiful featuresboretraces i of recent illness-a stately creature, atrbo seemed to have been used to fouotmen and st titles all her life She came forward slowly and as the servant retreated Lady Mesteith began \- some kindly words of welcome. For a i moment no answer came. ' I beg your pardon,' said Beatrice, simpty. t' I do not know how to thark you for r receiving a stranger into your bonse.' e ' We shall not be strangers long, my dear,' k declared the elder womran, warmly.; 'besides d you know my son. 'r I ;we my life to him. Oh- Lady Men teith, but for him my little child 'would be 5 alone in the world.' g And where is the little fellow ? i thought t you were to bring him with you',. ., 'e The servant took him upstairs, He is y very quiet and good. I will take care he does not disturb you.' To the lady's ona amazement; no less than \- B.a:rice's, her eyes were wet with tears. u ' Im sure I don't know what is the matter with mi',' began Lady Menteith; quickly; Sbut it seems to bring the past back: so when Hugh was a baby, and I was all alone as )ou are now. SShe bent down and kissed her companion's ? check. That kiss settled mitters, The woman who had never known a daughter's ;love would play a mother's part to the n beau iful, sad yourg cr re ro. strangely e thrown a' ross her path. The days rolled on, and successtseemed to favour Dr. Naylor's recommendailon. Beat. .rice seemed to fit into a vacant niche in Lady Menloi:b's heart. She never was in the Sway. She never appeared when visitors were e at the Rest, but allowed her patroness to occupy all their attention, for the elder lady Sloved notice and to be the chief object of attraction. Such bharruless vanity is not exinct even at sixtry in one who has been known as a pretty woman; but when Lady Menteitb tea atlone Mrs. Franks proved herself a charming coot. a panion The caseorful life, the freedom from car,, the contact ei'h an educated wormn of her ow?y rank, vwere very beneficial to a ea:rice. She was never required to see company or apay visits. She h?ad a pelity 'little itting t roomr, bhcre she spent a part of each day alone with her child. The servants treated her with respect, their mis tess with affection, As the days wore on it seemed to Beatrice something like a fairy tale. Surely it could not last. The first blot on her peace came one morning when she and Lady Menteith were picking flowers. ' I want the drawing-room to look ite best today,' said my lady, proudly.. *Mrs. Bertram is coming to see me,' Down went the fltwer-basket and the scissors. Beatrice's trembling fingers would hardly suffer her to pick them up. Could she have heard aright ? Her friend con. tinued : 'Mrs. Bertram is an old hierd of mine; E and yet there has always been a spice of rivalry between us. The Knoll is one of the oldest places in Downshire, and it is not fifty years since Grant's Rest was built., Then we are both widows, and have each an only son.' Poor Beatrice! was she never to be at rest? Wherever she turned must that name pursue her ? Surely the world was wide, Yet wherever she chst her lot she was sure to hear her .husband spoken of. 'Is the Knoll near here ?' she asked, when she could tommand her trembling lips. * It is just three miles, and Mrs. Bertram 1 leeds very noarly as lonely a life there as 1I do here, with one difference. She is only steward for Frank, and Hugh won': take any of my responsibilities. He will persist in being poor while I am rich.' 'Are the B=rtrarns rich ? 'Rich! ' in st rrise at hbr igcorance. 'Why, they are the richest family is Down-. shire.. If ever Frank Bertram chose to marrg be could have his pick of every girl in the country, The one question in Dowsrshire ever since he came of age has been, ' \bo will be Frank Bertramn's wife,' and it is not answered ye,.' 'Really l' 'I don't like match making, my dear. I never did like it; but I often fancy Frank Bertram having kept single all these years is just a provideuce for my niece Adela.' 'The young lady yu are expecting soon ?' 'Yes; to tell you the truth, I fixed her visit nows because I knew he was at home Adela is not a very young girl--alder than you, I daresay; but if Mr. Bertram has waited so long he cannot expect to marry a child.' Beatrice was silent. In vain she tried to force her trembling voice to do her bidding. Words would not come. To think tliat she of all the world should have been chosen to 'discuss Frank Bertram's matrimonial pros pects. Well, it was passing strange. 'And I am his wife,' was the moan of her aching heart.* 'l am his wife, and I may not say so.' Fortunately Lady Meenteith did not wish to be answered; a listener was all that was required. ' When Adela comes we must do all we can to throw them together. I think I shall get up a picnic; it is qui'e mild still. Or i might invite Mr. Bertram to spend a few days here when Hugh is down. I shall sound his mother about it.' 'Do you think. Dr. Naylor will come soon ?' at length breaking the spell that had held her captive. 'I don't know, my dear. Hugh is so un certain. If I were to press it very much ite might. I want to do something for Adela. Yout see she is my. sister's eldest daughter, and there.are f.Iur younger girls and not one of them engaged.' ' I often wonder,';said .Beatrice,. slowly, 'why parents are so anxious to see their children married. I...think.a girl's.happiest days are before she falls in love.' 'Ah, yes, my.. dear, but all the girls who marry don't fall in love, no nor hall of them. I am not afraid of Adela doing anything of that sort; she is too strong-minded.' cAre all the girls who fall in love weak minded, then ?' ' Really 1 never thought of it in that light. t think we will go indoors now, Mrs. Franks. I have one or two little things to see to before Mrs Bertram comes' Beatrice was in her own room when tihe visitor arrived As she stood with her child in her arms, she wondered a little dimly what Mrs. Bertram would have said had she known who they two were. She was very thankful there was no chance of her being introduced to her unknown mother-inlaw, and yet she would have I ked to see her. Her wish was unexpectedly gratified, for as she stood at the window she heard the sound of voices in the grounds beneath, and looking down she saw Lady Menteith and a stranger; mry lady was probably escorting her guest to see some clhoice late fl-owers of which she was very proud. * So that was Frank's mother. Welt, she was worthy of bimu. Whrat a noble, -stately Swoman she appeared. Did she know Frank's secret ? When be parted from his wife, did he turn to her for comfort ? What a difference between Lady Mentei:h and her friend; one so fragile and gentle, the other so proud and stately. Had that helped to make the cifference betveen their Ssons ? Surely there could be no greater con trast than Frank Bertram and Hugh Naylor : Sbut Beatrice loved the bard, firm spirit best d However much Frank's justice weighbed on her, she would not have had him different. SWh\Vben she rejoied Lady Menteith, It was easy to see the visit had been a plearant one, for the dear little old lady was sr.iling to herself at the succe:ss of her plans. 'Everything has turned out admirably,' she began, quickly; ' Mrs. Bertram has promised to coine and stay a week with me while Adela is here, and she thinks Frank can spare us three days; you know three days in the same house will make them more intimate e han weeks of visiting. The Knoll is the next estate to this; it would be delightful to Shave dear Adela settled so near to me, her mother would be delighted.' ' But Mr. Bertram's mother, would she like e it?. Mothers are sometimts disappointed when sons marry late in life.' 'Seven.and.thirty is early for a man. Why Hugh is fo'tyt-two and I'm sure I should be delighted it he'd marry, but I don't believe be ever will.' AI sentiment which Beatrice echoed. The acompanion felt very eager to see the girl for whose visit so many preparations had been mrade-the girl whom Lady Menteitb wished to see in the place which was Beatrice's own. Lady Menteith talked of her niece incessan!ly, but all the listener githered was that ,dela liked I!er own way and gener ally had it. When the day came, Beatrice found she bhad never felt so sad and lonely since she came to Grant's Rest. Lady Menteith was so occupied with the delights of anticipation, that she almost forgot her companion. Kindly as she was, she was inrtensely thought less-; probably for tre month of Adela's visit she would forget Mrs. Franks entirely. TO BE CONTINUED 