PR OMIS C UO US PICKINGS. « By Yerrigay. There was a very impressive ceremony at the Oratory of St. Philip of Neri in July, when the beautiful statue of Cardinal Newman was unveiled. The Catholics of England. wno presented tins statue, re cognising that Newman's heart had always clung with affection to the University where the great Oxonian graduated, first offered it to Oxford, but Oxford refused to thus honour one of her greatest sons, because ho had thrown off his yoke for the Roman faith. Oxford forgot that her fair col leges had been Catholic in heart and soul hundreds of years before Anglicanism had been dreamed of. If the days of spectres were not passed one could well picture the . dismay of the ghosts of the mighty Catho lic dead, with whose graves the fair city is paved, at this deep indignity which Oxford has offered to her. greatest modern seeker after truth. History is repeating itself: "Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stoncst them that are sent to thee." The peace of Europe is once more assured, although a week ago it would not have been wise to predict so much. The catas trophe of war, red war, has been averted because the Czarina, has abandoned all thought of having a quiet time with her grandmother, while her husband lays a foundation stone in Paris. I call it very hard on the young woman, who, although the wife of the Autocrat of all the Russias, no doubt possesses the same proportion of dutiful affection for her progenitors that or dinary folk entertain for theirs. Why should not the Czarina be permitted to visit her grandmother in England if she desires to see that estimable old lady? I do not suppose, from a pecuniary point of view, anybody could better afford the outing; and yet she has had to forego it because all France rose to a man and said the Czar's wife must come over and be feted willy- nilly. It reminds me of that very funny poem by the " Banjo," which tells of the up- country lad who had grown into a strap ping young scamp before his parents found an opportunity of having him baptised; when at last a clergyman came that way the lad ran for his life and took refuge in a hollow log, so that the holy man had to take a long stick and " gave the spalpeen a prog—come out and be christened, you devil." France may not have actually put the matter in these words, but the meaning is very much the same. The Royal lady has got to throw over her Her Gracious, and go to Paris to be feted and fussed over. No matter how little this fussing may be to her taste. # # The etiquette of the medical profession is, not to put too fine a point upon "it, peculiar. A list of the things that are, and are not allowed, would fill a column of the Record, supposing I could undertake to think tliom up. If an M.D. believes in homcepathy and practises the same, those doctors can compel him to make a note of it on his brass plate. If one of these gentle men happens to. advertise in a newspaper his reputation is blighted. I have just learnt that it is bad form for a doctor's name and ad,dress to appear in a town directory. It seems to me the only adver tising medical men can indulge in without losing prestige is a handsome Victoria drawn by a spanking pair, and a tiger in livery seated beside the great man to hold the reins while he descends to ask his patients " How are we this morning ?" # # ' # # I suppose so much has been said about the new woman that anything' from the pen of '.' Yerrigay " would be superfluous — but really I cannot help alluding to some thing I saw in an Eastern paper yesterday. A man in Sydney married a wife, and the Evening Neivs stated that the ceremony was performed by the Rev. Mr. Blank — " Mrs . Blank acting as best man." Now isn't that a little too much? How can any self-respecting male, clergyman or . other wise, stand up beside a woman who pro nounces herself the best man ? Friends, Romans, countrymen, arouse ye and see to it ! the question is growing more serious every day. Cannot some one be found with sufficient gift of the gab to convince these revolting women that it must be "rather horrid you know," to be tied to an inferior being, and thus gradually rein state man on his proper pedestal. I be lieve myself the bicycle has done it all. When the history of the Female Revolu tion comes to be written by some unborn Carlyle he will point to the bicycle as the innocent cause — the bicycle that was in vented for man's use and benefit, and that has been basely "boned" by his wife and daughters. I came across a little jingle in the Globe that ought to be the first verse taught to the young idea, in every public and private school. It was something like this : Oh Jane, the memory gives me pain, The day that she a pebble liap't to strike ; While her wheel "without its load Slid away across the road — And her golden hair was hanging to her bike. 