THE CHURCH AND THE KINGDOM. ?' Thy Kingdom Come S ' That is a prayer uttered daily by tens of thousands of Christians the wide world over. This .prayer we utter in private and family worship, as well as in the public services of our church, and having 'uttered it we go out into the broad .highways of the world and conduct the ordinary business of life, with little or no thought as to the means and methods by which such a prayer is to be answered. It is a big prayer and means a great deal more than many people imagine ; indeed it is almost impossible that three simple words ?could embody a more magnificent petition. If this prayer were fulfilled, :S0 that to all men the Kingdom of God were really come : what a changed _ world this would be ! Heaven would begin to dawn upon the earth ; and the manifold evils which tyrannise over :men and blight human lives by the million would gradually but surely die ?out. The reigu of God over human hearts always means the reign of right, ?and light, and love. The prayer seems almost too grand and too ideal to come ?within the scope of actual realisation ; .yet we cannot suppose that Christ iiaught His Church to utter an abortive petition. He must have understood all that it meant ; it is never meaning less to Him, and to day as yesterday, it continues to ascend in the ears of God, and will do so to the end of time. But how is God's Kingdom to come ? Surely, not in the devastations of war, or in the wild commotion of great ?social cataclysms ! Yet many ob s rvers are looking for the Kingdom of ?God to come in the signs of war which ;are ominous in the East, or by the ?social revolutions which just now seem rto threaten the whole Western world. But as a rule, the Kingdom of God ?cometh not thus; by storm and earth ?quake, and social cataclysm. It cometh not by observation, and when it does ?come, its extension in any community is universally preceded by prayer and ?effort on the part of the Church and by .patient waiting upon God. When we :f eel the south winds blow and see them ^bringing up the cumuli of vapour laden ?clouds from the vast Pacific, we say there will be rain. But more sure than the signs of the clouds are ithe signs which precede the coming of ?God's kingdom. Wherever in connection with any church there is found a nucleus ?of earnest men and women living con sistent Christian lives of unswerving 'honesty and truth, and who, like the ?early Christians are full of the ' Holy ?Ghost and of faith,' then to many ^people in that place and neighbourhood Tthe kingdom of God is sure to come. :Such a company of devout and earnest '^believers create an atmosphere around iihem which is favourable for the develop ment of religion, and for the evolution of the highest virtues of Christianity. JBut more than that, they are in touch with Divine things, and with the great source ?of spiritual power. They are conductors; ;as well as radiators;, they not only radiate the truth and so attract the at tention of others, but they bring with \ ' . . . . them the unseen, but mighty influences of a Divine power. And where this power exists, it is never merely static, it is kinetic it is energy in motion, and its activities are sometimes resistless. Men are smitten to the heart, they go home to weep and mourn before God, and very often to lead changed lives, uplifted into the fellowship of the king dom of God upon earth. Again and again, the kingdom of God has been extended thus, and the annals of early Methodism are rich in historic incident illustrative of this fact. It is here where the weak point of our modern church life really lies. We have much energy and great activity, we have eyes wide open to the chances of lifp, we are ea«?er and alert, and seem always on the move, ever ready for a new venture or a new sensation. But with all this we seem to have all we can do to hold our own, or to move on just a little. We have no stately and trium phant march of progress, no jubilant shouts of victory, no advance of the Kingdom of God in such a way that the world sees the evidence of Christ's coming in scores and hundreds of changed lives. Our deficiency is a deficiency of power, and sometimes we fear it is likewise a deficiency in the practical ethics of the Christian life, and this deficiency is fatal to any thing like victorious advance. The Kingdom of God is not likely, to come apart from human instrumentality; ' we may look for that happy consummation of all true Christian desire when we live for it, pray for it, work for it, as men live, work, and pray for the temporal successes of life. 