St. Peter's Cathedral. Vi6rr of the Peimate, and Opening of j the New Gbgan. j Sunday last will be long remembered as an important day in the history of the Eng- i lish Church in Armidale, as on that occa sion the Most Bev. the Primate of Aus tralia paid his first visit to this city and preached twice at St. Peter's Cathedral, and the opening of the new organ at the cathedral also took place on that day. Be- { sides the foregoing two notable events, St.1 Peter's may fairly claim to have been dedi- j cated as a cathedral on Sunday, as it was > the first important service held in the , sacred edifice since the recent synod, at which a bill was passed constituting it a cathedral with the sister church at Graf ton. The visit of the Primate is a matter I for congratulation to all adherents of the | church in this diocese, as his presence in the leading centres must he regarded as a j hononr paid to the see as a whole, and it is I rarely we, who are so for from the me tropolis, are so honoured. While the visit ] of the Primate may be taken in that light, the other two events point to the advance ment of the church in our midst, and es pecially the vigorous growth in connection with the local cathedral. To this must be i attributed in the main the influence of j Bishop Green, wbbse presence in the dio cese has infused new life into churchmen 1 and''church matters. On Sunday morning the cathedral was crowded in every part, extra seating ac commodation having to be provided for the large congregation, many of whom came in from the surrounding districts. At the appointed hour a procession of the choir i and clergy was fenced at the eastern end of the grounds, inarched to the western entrance, and proceeded np the centre aisle I to the chancel in the following order:— ' Choir (boys and adults), verger with staff, Bev. W. Fisher bearing the crosier, Bishop ; Green, Archdeacon Boss, the Primate, and I the Bev. C. 8. Smith. The service through out was choral, the full strength of the choir being present, and added to the solemnity of the occasion by their excellent rendering of the beautiful music. The first portion of the service was intoned by Arch deacon Boss, the Litany by the Bev. Fisher, and the lessons of the -day were ; read by tbe Bishop and the Bev. Smith. The Primate taking for his text the fifth | to the eighth verses of the 47th Psalm de livered a homely and earnest discourse on ' Ascension Day, dealing with it historically j and in ite relation to the christians of the present day. He quoted largely from the old and new testaments to show the exalta tion of God as King of the universe, and Christ as the Saviour of the world. He hoped that the members cf the church i throughout the diocese would endeavour to • show by their living their devotion to the ■ exalted Elng, and thus gain, that triumph of everlasting life, which was the hope of | those who followed in the footsteps of the Saviour. Referring incidentally to the new organ opened that day, the preacher said he hoped that many skilful strains from the instrument would blend with the voices of the congregation in sending hymns of praise and prayer to tbeir exalted King. Music was not to be regarded as, mere outside show in the church service,' but was intended as a means of enabling j them fo praise Him fervently and with' understanding with both heart and voice. The discourse was listened to with wrapt -I attention, the lucid manner in which the 1 subject was dealt with combined with the excellent delivery and homely language of ] the distinguished preacher, enabling every ' word to be heard and understood, conse quently it was highly appreciated by his ( numerous hearers. At the conclusion of J the service the benediction was pronounced j by the Primate, and the clergy and choir left the cathedral in procession. At the evening service—at which special 1 musical arrangements were made, including j an organ recital—the cathedral was filled i to overflowing, many being compelled to ! stand, while a large number were turned I away as they were unable to gain admit tance. The choir and clergy entered the j cathedral in procession, and the service be- j gan with tbe hymn " All people that on earth do dwell." The vast congregation joined heartily in the grand old hymn, and { as the magnificent tones of tbe organ rang ] through the sacred edifice, the beautiful; words of James Bussell Lowell in his " Se cond Coming of Christ" were appropriately j brought to mind in that connection:— " Great organs surged through arches dim, Their jubilant floods in praise of Him." The service web intoned by the Bev. W. Fisher, Archdeacon Boss, read the first 1 lesson, and Bishop Green the second lesson. Taking for his text the 31st verseof the ninth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, the Primate preached a sermon dealing with the church festival of the day, viz.: The -first Sunday afeer Ascension Day, being | midway between Ascension and Pentecost, the practical beginning of the Church of { Christ, the day. on ,which Christ fulfilled promise to. His disciples by tbe out ponring of the Holy.Ghost upon them. As in the morning the Primate's discourse was characterised by its earnestness, power, and simplicity, and was rendered most im pressive by the frequent references made, and comparisons he drew between his text and other portions of the gospel. The charm of the discourse was the wonderful j scriptural research, and ready and interest- | ing references made to the subject dwelt upon, many facts being brought to light and placed before the congregation in such j a manner that left a deep impression upon his bearers. Referring to the services of the church, he pointed out that there was an inclination in the present day to treat them with carelessness,lightness,and irreverence, not only among those, who did not profess to follow the church, but among those who were avowed christians, and while deplor ing that such a condition of things existed he exhorted them to attend with all due solemnity to all services in connection with their church. He was very glad that he had the opportunity of visiting the diocese of Grafton and Armidale, and referred with pleasure to the growth of the church in their , midst as was evidenced by the proceedings ! of the recent synod, at which he was pre- j sent. He was likewise glad to be there preaching to them that day, and in con clusion hoped that the Bishop, clergy, and congregation would all have the comfort of , the Holy Ghost, that their lives would be 1 gladdened and strengthened by divine in spiration, so that in the world to come they would enjoy that perfect life and union which was the hope of all christians. During the service the choir, which was considerably augmented for the occasion, and numbered between 50 and €0 voices, rendered some special music in an efficient manner, adding greatly to the beauty and solemnity of the occasion. In the anthem, the soprano solo, " Bat thou did'st not leave," was sung by Miss Brannd, and the chpms, " Lift up your heads" was taken by j tbe full cboir, and for the offertory the " Hallelnjah chorus" was sung by the full ; choir. | The service was concluded by a prayer and benediction by the Primate, after which the clergy left the cathedral by the western entrance. After the clergy had retired an organ re cital was given by Mr. G. £. M. Coomber, M.C.O., tbe cathedral organist, when the following selections were rendered: " Over ture in F" (Morandi), " AveMaria" (Schu bert, "Beinzi's prayer" (Wagner), " An dante in G," and "Offertoire in D Minor" (Batiste). The fall and exqui site tones of tbe new instrument were brought oat with great effect by Mr. Coomter, who demonstrated his ability as an organist to a marked degree, and under other conditions his hearers would have undoubtedly given expressions to their feelings by emphatic signs of approval. A special word of praise is also due to the choir for their excellent rendering of the music incidental to last Sunday's services, the manner in which the " Hallelujah, chorus" was song reflecting credit alike to the conductor and the singers. The new organ, which is placed on the Southern side of the chancel,—the archway connecting with the vestry having to be enlarged to allow it to be built there—has twenty-one large pipes in the front row, which stand out about two feet from the wall on a wooden frame. , It is a two manual instrument, and has 29 stops, which arc worked by tabular pneumatic action, and has seven pistons acting on the draw stops. It is a very powcrfnl organ, and contains 1168 pipes, ranging from 18 indies to vin. in diameter, everything in connec tion with it being on the lateBt improved principles. It was built by Messrs. Hunter and Son, London, and has been erected under the supervision of Mr. C. Bichard son, of Sydney, who, as an experienced organ bnilder, is lond in his praises of the general excellence of the instrument, which will be a decided acquisition to the musicial portion of the services at St. Peter's. 