CHAPTER XXVIIL SOME 8TBAN0C M00EEDIN03. " No wonder you don't know me. I am aware that 1 look (ike tbe Old Scratch himself," protested Jamos Sharp. " I sometimes feel as I look. But 1 say. Miss Edith, don't yon believe me 1 " I must believe you," alio replied. "Ah, thanks. I'd like to come out and shake hands with you ; but tho fact is, I must keep shady. And then it'd never do for you to be seen in the com Fany of auch a disreputable old scamp as appear to be. Won't detain you a moment; but will you do me a favor ?" "With pleasure, Mr. Sharp," said Edith, now convinced that the man standing in the shadows was a'.l he represented him self to be. " I want you to explain to Mrs Han «ray and Patsy that I'm wearing this rig. It's well they should bo prepared, for I propose entering the house to-night by the back way, and I don't want to be shot, or have an alarm given when I'm climbing the fence." j " I will do as you say. Will you come to-night!" asked Edith, suddenly recal ling the inquiries tho lawyers had made that afternoon for this remarkable young man. " Yes; if not, to-morrow night. After dark, of course. Au revoir, Miss Edith." And with this James Sharp disappeared up the alley at a double quick. Edith was still wondering over this very strange meeting, when she reached home. Mona met her at the door with the salutation : " I'm sonr you didn't come home earlier, for 1 wanted you to know the good news." " The good news," repeated Edith. " Yes. Sure, the doctors say he's out of all danger. An' for the last two hours he's been liBtcnin' for yer footsteps, so that he mi^lit tell you how well he feels liimsel'. Come in, just as you are, an' see him just for a minute. A sight of you is tho best medicine he can have. But, for yer life, don't stay too long, sup per will be cold." While Mann was speaking, she took Edith's rrm and led her to the door of the sick man's room, but she did not go in herself. il it mu now quit* dark, there was a light taming »n the* mom, and Edith wiw George aittinp propped up in bed, with nn | expectant Bmilo alx>ut liis lips, and the old hopeful light in his eyes. "Oh," lie said half raisin!; Iris arms, " I am a» glad you have conic, ICdith. I have been liau iiin^ mid waiting." Through the lon» weary illness, and while ho hung between life and death, thorn must have been so'nc declaration of love, or perhaps it would bo more accu rate to say, "there must have been some understanding botween thcin 1 aato their affection, one for the other. "Monagave me the good news," she Raid, as she knelt by hia bed and kissed him, "and I am so thankful, George, and 10 very happy." There was but little more said for some minutes. There came a tap at the door, and then Mona called in : " Yer dinner, that was put away for you, Miss Edith, in down below in the. kitchen oven, an' Palsy says it'll be dried up to a crisp if you don't come down and eat it right away." " You are nlirnys good and thoughtful, Mona," said Kdith, turning to the dunr. " An' it's you that should be more thoughtful of yersel", more particular now when there's ao much to live for,' sa:d Mona, as as sho followed kdith down to the dining-room. Despite Patsy's fears that the dinner would be dried to a crisp, it waB produced in a state that would have tempted a very poor appetite. It was the. first meal that Edith had en joyed for ninny long weeks ; and she had just finished it, and was about to go up stairs, when Patsy in the kitchen nearby, was heard to call out in angry tones : "Clear away. Baal you come along this feller, camp. Oosli!"and Patsy made » hideous grimace. " No good you-all same sundowner. "Why Patsy, don't you know me? This wart's only make-believe. So is the hair. I'm James sharp. Didn't Miss Edith ex plain 7" i " No ff«r. You go along, Oosh-you cut all same possum up tree, or this feller : pitch billy hot water over you. Clear some that dirt off ruin faae-lia! ha! ha!" And Patsy, clutching a broom, laughed heartily at the idea. _ | " Merciful goodness!" cried Mona, ns ?he jumped up and ran into the kitchen. " What can that mane 1 Huw could any aun tret into the kitchen the back war 1" in her joy at finding Oeorge better, Edith had completely forgotten her recent adventure with the very remarkable in dividual who had succeeded in making her believe that he was really James Sharp. On the instant all her doubts vanished, and she hurried after Mona, in time to prevent her alarming the house. Taking the dissipated-looking old man's hand she said, to the utter bewilderment of Mona and PatBy: " Yes, this is Mr. Sharp, but he sees fit to eome to us disguised." "That's true; Miss Edith. 1 am only an old scamp in appearance ; but if you can point out any one that wants his life insured in the best company, und at the moBt favorable rates, I'll prove that I am the only James Sharp, and divide the commission with you to boot. Want more proof as to my identity ? Then listen to these admirable lines, of my own composition. "When wealth, unexpected, drops into the hand, When poverty (lies and we've houses and land, They would be undeserved if we could not endure The friends whom wo knew when, we chancod to be poor." " Faith, this beats all. Sing no more, Mr. Sharp ; but go at wanst to yer room an' fit yersel' up like a duceut Christain man," said Mona, as she shook the young man's hand. Patsy was so amazed that she could not utter a word, but stood looking from one to the other of the group, as if trying to settle in her mind whether it was herself or they who had gone crazy. " Mrs. liunway," said Jauies Sharp, " I dare not rosumo my own high-toned character at present; it would be fatal tu the enterprise. Ask me anything but that. Like the ghost of Hamlet's father, I am doomed to wear this rig for the present. If it bo painful to your eyes, pity me. Why, all the children shout out after me; and oven the dogs eye me with suspicion. I Pardon these desultory remarks, and let me get dawn to more pleasant business, as the man said when he was going to begin a funeral Bermon. It must not be known, save by those here present and by George Cromwell, that I am in die house. They say that women cannot keep a secret; prove to the world that the chargo is a slander by respecting my incognito Patsy, fairest of thy race, a drink of water, it you please." James Sharp stopped to take breath; and, while I'atsy was getting him the water, Mona asked him if he would not have something to eat. " Thanks: no," be replied;" I shall re main down stairs until such time as you can arrange it for ineto go to Mr. Crom well's room and have a few words with him wit hout having tho rest of the household aware of my presence. Ere the hour of oiiduightcome, or the cock crows, I must be away again." " May the saints guard usl" said Mona, in a low voice to Edith ; "but ho talks as 2uare as be luks, an* that's sayin' a great ale," Acting on Edith's suggestion, Mr. Sharp was given a scat in tho dining-room, and the blinds wore drawn and tho light towered, at his request, to prevent obser vation from the street. It seemed an age to him since he heard them going up the stairs, and he began to wonder if interest in mure important duties had led them not to forget him, when Edith entered, and, motioning him from his corner, whispered : " George is very much better and he is anxious to see you." " Is he all alone 8" " Be is, Mr. Sharp." " And I can get in without being seen, save by those who ere in my secret ?" " You can." " 4nd I can talk with Mr. Cromwell without any foreign interference ?" " Foreign interference ?" repeated Edith. " Yes ; without the presence of a third party. You see, George and 1 have a little private affair we were working to gether, but sinec his attempted assassina tion I've bad the whole burden of the afore said affair on my shoulders." "You certainly can be alone with George, particularly as he also desires it." "Good ; now lead the way, fair lady," said James Sharp, after he had felt the petitions wart, to make sure it was in place. His anxiety for this deformity was the moBt trying part of his disguise. Edith led him up stairs and into George's room, where she shook his hand <ind left him {TO BE CONTINUED.J 