He Died. [Bv J. D.] ' A long day—a d 4 long day,' said the traveller, as he threw down his swag, and sitting on it, proceeded to fill his pipe. ' Five o'clock, I suppose it is,' he continued, dreamily, 'and five-andtwenty miles to Menzies. Dog tired and no water, and no chance of getting any till morning, unless I strike a camp between now and dark. Hum ! A great country this is—a blanky, great, big, large country, and I wish it had been fenced m and filled up with dirt Defore ever I heard of it.' From which it may be inferred that the swagman had not struck it. And the surmise would have been correct. He was one amongst the miny who had drawn a blank in the lottery of the goldfields, and after months of luckless prospecting he h id decided to return to civilisation and leave goldseeking to those upon whom the fickle goddesj, Fortune, was disposed; to beam more kindly. * Strange, isn't it ?' he soliloquised, ' one fellow walks along, never thinking about it, and stubs his toe against a pile, and another tramps, and tramps, and tramps, and never even gets enough to make his heart beat one pulse quicker.' *Th*re was Jimmy Owen—came out here with me, was going to. go mates with him and altered my mind. Thought I'd play it alone, and what's the result ?' ' He's not out a month when he chips the cap off a twenty ounce reef, and sells her out and out for a couple of thousands, 'X off he goes to Sydney, 'n I suppose lie's living on purple ar.d fine linen, like the rich man in the blanky parable, 'n here am I with one boot, 'a half a flour bag on the other, stone, blind, motherless, blankety well broke. 'N yet there's fellows who talk of hard luck. 1 wonder where Jimmy Owen is?' His soliloquy was interrupted by a voice from behind him. 'Jimmy Owen, did you say?' it enquired. The traveller looked up without surprise. It is strange that in the lonliness of the wild bush, where it might be expected that the wanderer would be easily scared, nothing in the way of sudden and out of place development startles him to any great extent. 4 I did say Jimmy Owen,' he replied ; 4 not that I suppose you know'd a chap of that name, did y' ?' 'Well,' said the stranger, speaking with that slow drawl which is charac- teristic of so many of our citybred countrymen, 4 1 did. I knew a fellow named Jimmy Owen well. Little chap, reddish hair, broken nose. Struck a patch up here somewhere, and sold out. Went back to Sydney, he did, this yere Jimmy Owen, if it's the cove you mean.' 'That's the same chap, right enough,' remarked the first traveller. ' That's the same joker. 1 )'y' know what's become of him ?' 4 Yes, I do. I knowed Jimmy since he was that high. Used to be boys together.' ' Lucky chap, wasn't he ?' ' Lucky ? Look yere, he had the best of luck all his life. When we was going to school, over there in Vic., if we slopped to stone a Chinaman, or pinch a bit of fruit, or stop the races up with rocks so the water'd back up for a mile, perhaps, till it found a weak spot and then burst the ditch 'n give the diggers a couple of days' work mending it—no matter who was in it, and Jimmy was mostly the ring-leader, he never was caught. When we used to go swimmin' in school time, he was the one who never got lambasted. 'N as we grew older it was just the same. He never was without money to get a drink, and alwus seemed to have some sort of a comfortable place to live in. If he got drunk he never got run over or locked up, or into any sort of trouble. Lucky ? He had the luck of a hog pig all his days till the last.' ' So he's snuffed, has he V queried Jimmy's later friend without emotion. 4 Yes ; gone out. For all his luck he was sent for at last. Though, mind y' he took a lot of chances. 'N the wonder was he didn't go out sooner.' 'Howwas it?' 4 Oh, too much tangle was wha brought it about.' ' Y' see, when he went back to his old place, where his people lived, everybody made 'n awful lot of him, and he played up the pewter in good shape. Old man used to like it too. '$T they got on a scoop together. I had a few drinks with 'cm, but Jimmy he kept it up for a month right 'n end without drawin' a sober breath, 'n that's too long, y' know, f r any man.' ' Yes,' commented his audience patiently and meditatively, 4 a month is too long. A couple of weeks does me any time.' 'Me too,' observed the other, 'a man wot wants any longer than that, he likes it—he'i a beer-ehewer, that's wo: he is. Well Jimmy goes on for a good month, an' one day he was talkin' to me, an' he begins to laugh. He seen a yellow dog passin'.' • Now, you see that dog,' he says. 4 Yes,'says I, ' Well, there aint any dog there,' he says, 'no a dog. I know that, but I can see him quite plain.' ' Wot d nonsense,' I says, ' he's my dog.' ' No he aint,' says Jimmy, ' he aint nobody's dog. Cos there aint no dog there.' 4 Well, I whistles to old Tige 'n he jumps up on me, : n I points at Jimmy, and he goes to sniff at his leg, 'n Jimmy jumps up on a box and begins to yell.' 4 Course I knew what was wrong.' ' Jumps,' commented the other. ' Yes, just gettin' 'em. I tells him so. " You'll see snakes next, Jimmy," I says. " Better take a pull and knock off the booze for a bit or you'll go balmy." He was balny then, on'y I didn't know it. He looks at me lor a minute or two, an' then he' says— " Look yere, Billy "—my name's Billy —" I seen snakes last night, big striped ones. They was crawlin' all over me, 'n one of 'em was talkin' to me. Tole me where he lived, he did, too. Fm goin' to see him to-day." 'Goin' to see what?' I says. 4 A blanky snake ?' ' Oh, he's not a bad 'un, a big fellow. Got hair and big eyes like a woman. Sometimes they're like's if they was full of fire, 'n sometimes they whizz round like Catherine wheels.' 'N he goes on an' talks about that blanky snake like it was a Christian till I got sick of him and went'away. ' Next day I didn't see him, so I goes up to the pub to ask about him, but they hadn't seen him, so I goes up to his house. 4 He wasn't there, 'n the old man was half fuddled and couldn't tell me anything sensible. 'So 1 gets a few of the chaps together and we goes to look for him. I pqts ole Tige on his track an' he nosed afifer him, an' at last we found him," five mile out in the bush, stark naked*, play in' with a woppin' great big black snake wot he'd just killed. 4 This ain't the one,' he sings out to me, 4 this is a bad b , an' I killed him. I'm waitin' for my cove,' he says. * I coaxes him to come home, an' we* 'finds his dothes srioDg the old dray' track, an' he puts 'em on, :but he wouldn't part with the shake 'I'll take him in,' he siys, 'to show my friend when he com'es to-night.' An* he did. * ' •Next morning his old man came down to my place a'l of a tremble, an* as white as a ghost. He asked me to go up an' have a look at Jimmy, an' I : goes to the place, an* there he »vas, dead as a nit, lyin' on his bunk.' 4 What was wrong with him ?' 'Nothin'; only dead, that's all. He'd tied that big snake round his neck an' choked himself with it.' ' 'Ch 1!' commented the first traveller. 