iffiRSF i : ?'! , ? : ? ? i ' ?? ? ? [Foil The CMiTKlt.] ' Lookin' fotf a job, and am t got niuc^time to fiud it neither, if yer gpin' ty- earn tapker. Three bpb.a 4a,y| and jlueky to, get it! /Strike me pinkj T'vo, card of a cove, called jpi-hqg-on-his-knees— he must have been in the Salvo Army— who bad atapka pf lime to buzz round lookin' for a honest man. Darned if it ain't as much as I cm do to strike a square. f«ed. ' Spose flu ugli iuck'll change. Whore yer bura this longtime r Tho speaker was one of the corner statues that have of recent years been set up in the Australian cities — the unemployed. Set up by a system ! Deadbeat Dick looked, all that he was : dilapidated, de graded, dipsomaniaqal, damned. A hunk of flotsam adiift, &wirliug; in tlie oJdies of a hybrid civilisation, doomed never ngain to get a ' solid fo -ii»g.' Cast aside as worthless — yet a man. A child of Eirlh. What (hough diseased and dis honored; sinned b gainst and sinning, our jMornor win again toko mni to her bosom, embrace the cold clay of his fallen humanity, t-nd in loving kindness dissolve it — 'We cannot cross the cause why we were born.'' But let us listen to these old friends, perhapi of better d:iys. r * * * ' Been !' said his pal, whose relations wiih Society and Dame Fortune did not appear to be eo strained ' Why, IVe jnst blued all my Btuff. Nice place Melbourne. Wish 1 hadn't seen it again. I've been ovor in Tasmania and struck a patch. Tell you all about it. I had a row with Kitty, and she married a bloke that had won a small pot of money — about twenty ponies— on the Cup, and as I could not suffer Melbourne any longer, I took my hook, I had been tin mining about fiftesn j-o.rs ago, so I made up my mind to give prospeotiug a turn, rspeciallv as I know the Blue Tiu-s as well as I know you. When I got out Binga rooma and Derby way it hadn't been raining for a month or two ; but by fossicking in the creeks and rivers I got out enough tin to pay for tucker. However, that didn't suit, so I worked np the gullies into the Tiers,hoping to strike some thing good enough for an English syndicate agent that I had heard was knocking round. I had been prospecting close on a month, and as 1 had been working very bard, without any luck, 1 was about played out, and so was the tucker, when I struck a camp. It was a Gbinky's. There was no mistaking the smell of thfi yellow agony. On going into the hut I found only one of the almond-eyed, and he was stretched out in bu'ik, with just, sufficient stieogth to say, 'Me welly sick ; me not eatee, one, two, tlee days.' I fixed John up com fortably, for after nil a Chow strikes you as being a human being when you find him sick in the middle of the bush. Gum dee, myrtle, and sassafras towering overbca'l, the lonely camp hariicaded in by a dense scrub of dogw.u'd, musk and wattle. By-and-bye tbe slars come out and have a peep down into the little clearing, aud hnug thomsolves on the branches of the gums, whi'st their light shimmrrs down tbe white trunks, convrr ing them into mammoth ghosts, emitting phos phorescent radianc*. I began to feel uncomfortable, smoking and thinking, thinking of II, e dying Chow, whose 6ter(,0'iouE breathing was mnffled into a death rumble by the silence of the night, accom panied by the funeral dirge of tbe wind soughing though the folifige. Dick, if you had been there, you'd have pot the ' snakes ' bad. The night was a long one, and betimes in the morning I had a look at John's show. It was a good ono, and so I repegged the section. Not that I intended to jump it, but it was just, as well to bo on the right fide, and not wail for a dead man's shoes. Having learned from Ah Kat that his cimp was nearest to tbe Junction, I made there for assistance, which being forthcoming from some of bin conntrymen, the sick man was carried in, and a doctor being procured from George's Bay, ho was pronounced t) be in tho last stage of consumption, John was told that bo was going to stiffen , and he replied, ' Welly good, nil li.' That Chiuky had plcuty of pluck. After a while he commenced (o do a yabber, which oue of his (jouutryoien interpreted — That 1 'whs a wjlly j^ood man — (I remeinbe^xbiA jambBd/afegtijon) witti atilestors. * Nojj^nOwVwjiere 'im goin* t^.rt',W%nw» gft 'wjff1 away back of bell, = jUlee \saM Olistian talkee. ' If rm -X iftPKee after my flend. TeJisfej^fttff. money into lottery ev ^A1U9|h9m1 li ! Fantau allee sam b«|jjraflS8ft Me spilit help him, i (flfl^SHffi^ to hell, all li.' Well, t#7sSf'Rl Kutdied, and T raad&raojrat; pf his seption, but I've 1 aaflgpBjleal of Chinaman's luck s nfeelftfflfiBto Melbourne. That b |$e^|l|Wil must have been cpl R^i|iwlP!d Nick straight enough, |4lJ&MhjI; think I saw him doing »[TnotaCh round jnst wiiere I |?lok*4, ^fijff?8 bob, just when I w«s dBadifjjroke Gome on, I'll try the ^'^gowT^^n with imol her lottery ticket.' ' No, we won't,' interjected the de id-beat, 'shout a beer. IVe got a throat as dry as a pavement in ? , where all the Chinkies ought to be. Don't they kesp coves iik|i me Oft of a job ??' _^ p 