Cinderella and the Sylph Coquette. One night lately, when the wind was whirrying round the corner of the house, and the rain was dancing fitfully against the window panes, I sat in very comfortale terms with myself before the well piled fire in my room. Except the shaded light of a table lamp, there was only the rosy glow of the coals to illuminate the room ; and with a volume of old heroic ballads and songs in hand, I had at once all the present ease of cosy quarters and the delightful company of the wise and witty of past generations. Outside the elements were such as they must have been when Herrick wrote : — The ha? is astride This night for a ride ; The devil and she together : Through thick and through thin, Now oat and then in, Though ne'er so foul be the weather. But the luxury of a blazing tire and a solitary chamber roused quite another sort of spirits witbiu. This season of the year is one conducive to fairy tales and hobgoblin stories ; and, therefoie, it was only appropriate, in my peregrinations through the golden realm of poetry, which I held in my hands, that ray eyes should dwell upon some of the favourite of these long accustomed tales. What I read I can not now Bay ; they were too pleasant to remember under less harmonious and cheerful influences : but a very distinct recollection lingers of the beginning of what I am about to tell you. I sat at full length before the fire, with my head thrown back against the chair. With both my hands I held the book open supported upon my breast : and, ever and anon, I raised my eyes and looked over the top of the book into the deep far-away caves and caverns (so pleasingly can the imagination work its allusions) of the red and glowing fire. It . was just in such an attitude, then, that I was croon ing to myself — From Oberon, in fairyland, The king of ghosts and shadows there, Mad Robin I, at his command, Am sent to view the night-sports here. What revel rout Is kept about. In every corner where I go, I will o'erjee, And merry be, And make good sport, with ho, ho. ho. An echo distinctly came after the last line, ' Ho, ho, ho.' It was in a small, shrill, cry, more like that of a grasshopper than of a cricket, which one would naturally have supposed to come from a fireplace .; but the odd circumstance was that the chirrup very clearly sounded, ?' Ho, ho, ho.' I did not bhift my position I was too lazy, too comfortable : besides, the illusion was too enchant ing to be startled away, and I kept my eyes steadily before me. Soon I became aware of a little shadowy object peering over the top of my book right into my face. It was so tiny a speck that, had I been in my broad awake senses, I am sure I should never have obseived it — even as it was, the light of the fire shone through the subtle texture of its little head and disproportionately large ears, but dreaming and drowtiaess make palpable to the eye things we never perceive in our ordinary moments : and there was the little brown personage clambering nimbly up the back of my book until perched upon the top. ' Ho, ho, ho,' repeated the little brown per sonage. I inquired the object of my singular visitant. ' Where is the sylph Coquette r ' was the reply, sti'l in a thin, shrill chirp. I disavowed any knowledge of the sylph Coquette, whoever she might be, ' Then you never have heard of Cinderella ? ' But as I had been brought up in a nurseiy, I assured my questioner or the contrary. ?' Nursery. What a merry little cheep as that. Why, Cinderella is not confined to the nursery : she is known all over the world.' To express my surprise was all I could respond. ' Of course,' piped my tiny informer, ' under different names. The name by which Cinderella is known in one country would be quite unintelligible in another.' I thought I would pose this imp of information, so I asked by what name Cinderella passed in the Highlands. Pat came the answer — ' Marjory White Coats and Hashin Coatie.' ' In Sweden ?' I asked, thinking of the north and Christmas trees. ?? Katie Wooden-Cloak.' ' In Italy,' I asked, think-ng of the blue and sonny south. ' La Cenerentola.' ' In Iceland,' I asked, thinking of the cold coasts where no fames were likely to visit or dwell. ?' Mjadveig.' ' la Indii ? ' I a3ked, thinking of other conti nents. ' Bapkhadi.' ' In Russia ? ' I asked, turning towards home.' *' Chernushka.' It was strange to hear all these queer names as belonging to a iong familiar friend. At each successive response the little imp had an increasing shock of laughter and ho-ho-ho's, until at last, after telling me that Cinderella was know even in Zululand, he doubled up in a spasm of mirth at my wonder, and almost toppled off the book on which he still perched himself. ' But what about Coquette ?' I asked. 'Who and what ie Coquette ? ' The t'ny personage suddenly became as grave looking as his brown visage would allow. *' She is Cinderella's attendant fairy. She has gone amissing ; ' and, he added with a melancholy little sigh, tbat Coquette had another name, but he could not remember it. If he could, he said, the would be again, found. I said I did not understand. ''' Coquette was the fairy who made the glas3 Bhppers for Cinderella. It was Coquette who, at the bidding of Cinderella's godmother, changed her miserable kitchen into a gorgeous boudoir, and sum moned fairy performers, and perruquiers, and jewel lers, and milliners, and all the o.hers who decked Cinderella for the Prince's ball.' ' And Cjquette has gone amissing r ' ?' She cannot be found any where ia Fairyland,' said the small elf, wringing his hands in a piteous way. ' Our queen has sent all the four winds of heaven after her, but they have come back from their search in vain.' ' What like is Coquette ? ' I ventured to ask, after a pause of sympathetic silence. ' Like none else beside. Her voice is low and sweet.' '? IndeeJ,' I said, for I had heard uf somebody else described iu that way. too. v- And each ringlet of her hair, an enchaiitnu-ut and a snare.'' ' Well ? ' ' And those, her lips, do now appear as beams of coral, but more clear.' I had beard that slid of somebody els°, too. '' Hftr feet, beneath her petticoat, like littlo mice steal iu and out.' I was very sure I had heard tbat before. I askod what stature was she of. ' Just as high as my heart.' II And what was the colour of her eye '-. ' ' Brighter than ever lit the sky.' ' Could she dance ? ' ' Lighter than the rippling seas to the piping of the breeze.' Now, I had read of these things being siid of in dividuals, but never all of them as summed up in one person. ' Ah, that's because you don't know he sjlph Coquette,' responded my tiny friend. ' There is one little lady called Violet ? ' ' Eh ? ' cried out the imp, with a sudden jerk of interest in his attitude. I repeated, ' There is one little lady, called Violet Darrell ? ' But I got no further. My visitant had vanished into thin air. I roused myself. Had I been dream ing, or what ? Was the imp only a fiction of the brain, conjured up by the rhymes in the book over which I had been pondering, and was the sylph Coquette only an inner dream of that fantasy ? At all events, there still remains Violet Darrell.' Have you seen her. If not, it is your own fault. A=k and inquire about her, for she is to he found, and always as the fairy who provides the good things for Cinderella. — bxchanqe. 