A DETECTIVE’S REMINISCENCES. No. 3. a CUNNING WOMAN. Bt B. T. Casson. Published by arrangement with Ward, Lock, and Bowden. [alt. rights reserved."] X had scarcely begun breakfast one lovely Slay morning, and, having nothing special 011 hand, was thinking of a trip J,Ycr the Mersey with Maria, when she rnsbed into the room in a state of tremend ous excitement. “What do you think has happened, Sam? I declare I’m struck all of a heap,” and Maria flopped into a chair, fanning herself vigorously. “Soyou don't want to know? Well, thon, I’ll leave you to find out. Tor a detective, you’re the queerest man on earth. You’re never curious. If it warn’t for me we should starve, for you would never know anything.” A knock at the front door put an end to her tantalising remarks. “ Poor dear ! Of course Sam shall do his best for you ; come in and tell him all about it,” I heard Maria say in the passage. “ Oh, Mr Smart, my father has gone! He has not been in lied, and I fear he has drowned himself. I went to our school conversazione last night, and was late home-nearly eleven. I called ‘Good night!’ at his door, but got no answer. I thought he was asleep, and didn’t call again. This morning as he didn’t come down, I went into his room, and he wasn’t there. The bed had not been slept in. What shall I do ?” and the poor girl burst into tears. “ I will do all I can for you, Miss Elli tborne,” I replied. *• Can you think of the likeliest place to which he would go ?” “ Ho; so far as I know, he has not got a penny in his pocket, and we have no friends in Liverpool.” “ Well, it will not bo difficult to trace him; such a man as your father would be soon noticed in a strange neighbourhood. I will go oil at once, and make inquiries.” The girl thanked me, with tearful eyes, und I sat out for Dale Street, in the hope that the police had got hold of him. Mr Ellithorne was a harmless lunatic, well known to all the children in “ our street,” for he generally had a store of sweets, nuts, or fruit of some kind, with which he made friends with the little ones he met on his daily walks. He was re putedly well to do, and lived with his only daughter at the big house at the corner of the street. Five years previous to the date of my story, lie had married, as his second wife, a handsome, showy woman, whom he had met at Llandudno, during his Bummer sojourn at that beautiful watering place. Dora Ellithorne resented the idea : of a stepmother, and refused to be friendly. A few days after the return of the newly- _ wedded pair from their honeymoon, a rakish-looking young fellow presented . himself at the house, and, to Ellithorne’s ^ astonishment, was introduced by his wife as “my son Edward.” He took up his abode with them, professed to faU in love with ■ Dora, and so well did his mother play her ( cards, that Ellithorne never hinted at the idleness and dissipation in which the young man indulged. His persecution of Dora became so persistent that the girl 1 was thinking seriously of leaving home when a startling event put an end to her trouble. A book-hawker called at the house one day, and refused to go away until he had seen either mistress or 1 master. ; “ Bother the man I I’ve a mind to send for the police,” said Mrs Ellithorne, •going to the door. “ Sophia!” “ Jacob!” “I’ve found you at last; Aye, and I don’t mean to lose you again!” He walked into the kitchen, put his pack on the table, and sat down. Mr Ellithorne had overheard them, and, striding into the kitchen, said— “ Sophia, who is this man ?” “ I am her husband !” " Then take tier away, or I wiU send for a constable.” “ What ? Have you married her ? Well, this is rich! Didn’t think you were so clever, Sophia, I really didn’t. I shall estimate you at a much higher value in future. But, as this gentleman says— though he might be a leetle more polite over it—you had better slip it. I don’t want my name in a police court. The Bamfords are a respectable family.” “ I don’t know you—never saw you be fore in my Hfe!” shrieked the frantic 1 woman. “ I like that. If I get hard up I’ll send you on the boards. Ah, here comes Edward; will he deny his papa ?” The young man did not see the stranger till he entered the kitchen; then the re cognition was evident. “ My son Edward” gave vent to a prolonged whistle, and sat down with an air so dejected that his “ papa ” laughed. " Ain’t they glad to see me, now ? I’m sorry for you, my boy, I’m not going to keep you. Come, Sopihifi, look spry, and get ready to go with me.” “ Send the girl for a constable, Dora,” said Mr EUitliorne. “ I will go quietly, if I may take my clothes," said the guilty woman. “ Such as you had when I met you—no more. Send for a constable, Dora.” The servant was not long in finding a policeman, and under his watchful eye, “ Sophia” packed up her clothes, and the packman and his wife went away in a cab. The Ellithornes were residing in the suburbs of Manchester at that time, but Dora persuaded her father to remove to Liverpool, and they came to the big house at the top of our street. Mr Ellithorne became melancholy, and gradually his brain seemed to give way, but he was quiet, and easily managed. Four years had passed since the detec tion of the scheming Sophia and her son, and nothing had been heard of them. But now, somehow or other, I at once jumped to the conclusion that the woman, or her sou, were connected with Ellithorne s dis appearance. All my inquiries in Liver pool proved fruitless, and though I en listed the assistance of two of the best detectives in the town, our utmost efforts failed to give us the slightest clue to the mystery. Two months elapsed, and one evening Lora came to me in groat agitation. She had received a letter signed “ Sophia Ellithorne,” in which the writer intimated that if “no trace is discovered of my husband, Marcus Ellithorne, within a year after his death, I, as executrix appointed hy his will, shall apply for letters of ad ministration.” “ Do you know if your father ever made a will ?” I asked the troubled girl. ’• Yes, he did, soon after his marriage with this woman. But she committed bigamy in marrying him; surely she can not do as she says ?” “Unless we can prove the bigamy, and that will bu very difficult, I fear. It is evident she is not afraid of the book hawker’s interference this time. He may -be dead, and she thus free to carry out her nefarious plans. If you like, I will go to Manchester on your behalf, and, if possible, ascertain if Bamford is really dead, and when he died. If I could obtain proof of his marriage to the woman, she would be neans, Mr Smart; I shaUbe L your expenses, and for your weU have stayed at home, given in the letter was house being empty, with ‘ to let” in the •window; and I returned to Liverpool, rather savage at having been duped by a clever woman. A few nights after my return, Dora came again to see me, and unfolded another phase of the strange case. “ My son Edward” was in Liverpool—had even been • to the corner house and sought an inter view with Dora, but as soon as she saw who the servant had admitted she Bent for a constable, and Edward Bamford at once left. “ I wish you had sent for me instead,” I said, not a little chagrined to feel that I had lost the chance of seeing the fellow. “ If he has any special reason for seek ing the interview he will try some other plan,” I said, “ and if he does, let me know at once.” My surmise proved correct. Two days afterwards, Dora received a long letter from the crafty son of a scheming mother, in which he unfolded his plans. “ My Darling Doea,—Pray do not heed the threats of my mother about father’s property. I can extract the sting from the old wasp. If you will only consent to marry me I will put it out of her power to hurt you. I love you very dearly, as I have often told you, and will do my utmost to make you happy. If you are so foolish as to refuse me this time, mother will take everything, for, as you know, all was left in her hands in the will.” I read the letter aloud, and when I came to this statement Dora said— “ That is not true; I was to have half. Perhaps he does not know that father told me what he was going to do before the will was drawn up. And, besides, he gave me an attested copy, which I have safe in my drawers at home.” “Your father was prudent, Miss Elli thorne,” I replied. “ Take no notice of that letter.” At the end of August I took advantage of having no job on hand to take a walking tour into North Wales. Going by train to Denbigh, I walked thence to Corwen, and next morning started for Bala, thinking to ascend Cader Idris. But on arriving at the pass of Talyllyn a black cloud gathered over the mountain, and before I could reach the little public-house at tho foot, by the lake, I was wet through. The land lady, who could speak a little English, dried my clothes, and was so kind that I decided to stay all night, and try to ascend the mountain at an early hour next morn ing. In the afternoon, with a rod and line, lent me by the good landlady, I caught seven lovely trout in the lake, and was enjoying a couple of them fried for my tea when a stout, rosy Welsh girl came to the kitchen—where I sat, having declined to have the best room disturbed—for some milk, the landlord being farmer as well as publican. I noticed that the girl looked at me very closely, and the two women held an earnest conversation, in which I caught tho word “ trout.” “ The girl was ask me if I think you spare one fish for the sick gentleman she was attend at the cottage up the valley. Poor man! He was a loonatic, but no harm in him, for sure.” I was about to launch forth into a string of questions about this sick lunatic, but checked myself in time. “ Certainly; she can have not one, but i couple ; give her two of the largest.” The girl was profuse with her thanks, in Welsh, and went away with her rosy face lighted up with happiness. “ The poor old gentleman will have a nice supper,” said Mrs Jones, “ if that nasty keeper do not eat the trout. But Gwenny will not let him, if she do know.” “ Is he very old ?” “ The gentleman ? No ; not older than me; but I was think he not live very long. He was fret too much.” “How long has he lived in the valley?” “ I keep no count; maybe three months.” “ I asked no more questions, fearing to excite any suspicion in the mind of Mrs Jones, not being sure that she was not on friendly terms ■with the “ nasty keeper.” Next morning I ascended Cader Idris, stayed another night at the inn, saw Gwenny, heard her tell Mrs Jones that the trout were a great treat to the “loonatic” old gentleman—the girl spoke in English, for my special edification—and next morn ing started for Bala. But on arriving there I took the train home, and lost no time in taking steps to liberate Mr Elli thorne from his imprisonment in the Welsh mountains. But I found it a far more difficult task than I had imagined. Mr Riddell, to whom I went for advice, said it was very easy to get such a man as Mr Ellithorne confined as a lunatic, but not so easy to procure his release. “ First you must discover at whose in stance he has been sent from home, then the doctors who signed the certificate of insanity. If there has been any irregu larity you might succeed in getting the gentleman liberated by an appeal to the Lunacy Commissioners. “ There is one way of accomplishing your object, but it is risky. Take a regular detective with you, see the keeper, ask him for his warrant for the detention of Mr Ellithorne, and if it is regular go away as though you were satisfied. Then return with two or three stout men, and carry him olf by force. That woman and her son will not dare take any proceedings.” Of course I took the lawyer’s advice, and asked an old friend in the Liverpool detective force to get a holiday for a few days, and go with me, telling him the object of my journey. “Ellithorne? Why that is Dora’s father ! ” “ Ah ! What do you know about Dora Ellithorne? ” I asked in surprise. “ My son George is in love with her, and the courtship was going on swimmingly till her father’s disappearance. Since then she has refused to listen to him, and he is in a terrible way. I have more than once offered to take the case in hand, but George | is foolish, and has high notions. He has probably told the girl that his father is something bettor than a detective, or, at ail events, led her to think so. I shall be delighted to go with you, and it will be strange if we two are not a match for that unscrupulous woman and her cur of a Once more I was at the little public house, and startled Mrs Jones by asking her the way to the cottage of the “ loonatic.” “ It is by a big beech-tree, about a mile up the valley,” she said. There was no one in sight as we reached the cottage, and I rapped loudly at the door. Gwenny opened it, and the moment I asked for Mr Ellithorne, the “nasty keeper” appeared. To my surprise he seemed to be a doctor, being fairly well dressed, and having that professional air so often seen in the followers of Esculapius. “ Mr Ellithorne is too ill to be seen,’ he said, in the blandest of tones, and he was about to close the door, when I stopped him, and to his evident anger, we walked “ Before we go, we intend to satisfy our selves that he is kept here by lawful authority.” “ Just so; please come this way. ’ He ushered us into his own sanctum, a pile of books showing how he whiled away his time in that dreary place. Handing me his card, he begged us to be seated. “ Dr. Joseph Darrell ” was rather above the middle size. With a large head, deep set eyes, and -massive forehead, his face had the even healthy look of a well-sha,ved Quaker ; but from the watchful, cautious "lance, that “ spying all seemed nought to spy,” the ready smile on the lips, while there was none in the eyes, and the rapid change of countenance, I suspected him to be a long-headed, scheming, hollow- hearted man, who would do anything for money, if not too dangerous. He answered all my inquiries in a manner so plausible and studiously candid, that I was sure he was acting a part for some purpose or other; and when my friend handed his card to the doctor, his face underwent a sudden change. «i thought you came from Mrs Elli thorne,” he said, “ or I should have refused to answer any of your impertinent questions.” “ There is no lady entitled to that name,” I replied. “ The woman who has imposed herself upon you as your patient’s wife admitted that her marriage with him was a bigamous one, and if you have any repu tation to lose, you will take my advice, and back out of this little conspiracy at once.” “ I shall do nothing of the kind until compelled by law, which at present is on my side. You are intruding, and I will thank you both to leave my house.” “ Is Mr Ellithorne under restraint in this house on the plea of his being insane ? ” I asked. “ You are here without a particle of legal authority, and again I must decline to answer any more questions. Will you leave the house ? ” As there was nothing to be gained just then by staying, we left. “ That doctor is an unmitigated rascal,” said my friend Telford. “ He may remove our friend if we are not careful.” “ Then why not take him away now ? Surely we are a match for him ? ” “ You did not see the two big fellows in the garden ? I did; or I should not have left so quietly.” “ Then what is to be done now ? ” I asked, rather annoyed that his eyes had proved sharper than mine. “ I would suggest that you return to Liverpool at once, get four good men, whom you can trust to stand by us in a scrimmage, and then return. I will stay here, and if this rascally doctor attempts to take Mr Ellithorne away I will stop him.” “ That is certainly the best thing we can do, Telford,” I replied. I was rather dubious about appealing to brute force in carrying out the release of Dora’s father, and though I had full con fidence in the advice of Mr Riddell, I called on a barrister for whom I had successfully done some work, of a rather difficult nature, and asked his opinion. I found the barrister at his chambers near the Exchange, and though rather eccentric, and brusque, he showed both good sense and good feeling in the course of our con versation. After listening patiently to my story, he read to me the MS. note of a case in which a supposed madman had been carried oil' by force from his keepers, and a villainous conspiracy to deprive him of his liberty thereby exposed. This was done without note or comment, but I knew that the barrister meant it as a hint to me, though he would not commit himself by open advice. I was now satisfied, and had no difficulty in engaging the services of six stout fellows, the prospect of a nice outing and a sovereign each for two days’ work being, as one of them said, “ a regular God I so timed our journey that we reached Talyllyn when darkness was setting in, but on nearing the public-house, Telford came out to meet us. “It is fortunate you have brought so many assistants; the job will not bo an easy one,” he said. The doctor answered my knock at the door, and said his patient could not be seen ; but I pushed in, declaring peremp torily that I would see him, and before either of his big keepers could interpose I rushed upstairs, and reached Ellithome’s room, which Telford had indicated. The door was locked, but with a vigorous lunge with my foot I burst it open, and entered. “ Smart, I knew you would find me some day ; have you come to-” “ Yes, come down at once, we shall have to fight our way out.” Here the doctor entered, shut the door, and setting his back against it, declared that the gentleman should not stir. But my fellows had overpowered his assistants downstairs, and tied them up, so that he was now alone. The doctor made a strong fight, but I tripped him up. Ellithorne ran downstairs, and I after him. There we found Telford struggling with Gwenny, who took the side of her master the doctor. She was a strong Welsh lass, and kicked, and bellowed, and struggled in such a way that Telford would never have managed her but for the assistance of one of my men, who seized her round the waist, and thrust her into a pantry, where I turned the key upon her. Telford had his coat torn, and the man got a black eye, a scratch all down one cheek, and sore shins from the valiant girl. By this time the carriage I had ordered from Corwen had arrived, followed by a little group of farm labourers from the public-house. It was almost dark; the carriage lamps threw a partial light on the men, making them appear more numerous than they were, and the doctor thought he could still prevent us getting away. He could speak Welsh fluently, and from the bedroom window harangued the men, and if we had not hastened away a rescue would doubtless have been attempted. Just as we started, one of the keepers who had got free from his cords, came out screaming “ Murder ! ” at the top of his voice, and before we had gone a hundred yards we heard them after us, the doctor’s voice being loudest. Stones began to fly, but the driver whipped his horses, and we got away safely. We reached Corwen too late for the last train to Liverpool, and were compelled to stay there all night, but we heard nothing of Dr. Darrell, who was doubtless afraid to appeal to the polico for assistance. Next day we arrived at home, and great was the joy of Dora on seeing her father. He was so afraid of being again kidnapped that he seldom went out for the remainder of the summer, even when his daughter would offer to take him for a walk. Nothing was heard of Mrs Bamford or her precious son, but I guessed they had not entirely given up the game. Mr Ellithorne and Dora had been to church one Sunday evening, leaving the house in charge of the servant, but on their return they found her in a state bordering on distraction, the house having been entered and robbed during her ! absence. Her sweetheart had called and persuaded her to go for a short walk. “ I was not away more than half an hour,” she said, and when Dora sent her for me, she was afraid, and went home instead. Finding the girl did not return, Dora first of all tried to ascertain what had been stolen, and soon came to the conclusion that the thieves had some know ledge of the house. Then she came to me, and I went back with her. “ I could almost believe that Jane her self is the robber,” she said, as she showed me the broken drawer in her father’s big chest, an oak one, dated 1694, and in which he had kept his valuables. “ I am inclined to think you have been visited by Mr Edward Bamford,” I replied. “ You are right, Mr Smart, for the copy of father’s will has been taken, but I don’t see that will do them any good. He can make another.” Mr Ellithorne had recently shown symptoms of increased softening of the brain, and I felt certain that no lawyer would now consider him in sound mind, and as gently as possible I told her so. “ I don’t think there is any cause to be uneasy,” replied the brave girl. Ml’ Bland, the lawyer who drew up the will, will have preserved a draft, and I can get another attested copy.” But here again Dora was destined to be disappointed, for on writing to Mr Bland next day she received a reply to the effect that ho died on the previous Friday, and no draft of the will could be found among his papers. , ' „ „ , “ His death was known to the Bamfords, and this robbery planned,” I said. “I must see your servant; perhaps ^ her sweetheart may have had a hand in it. The girl knew me, and was in a state or terror when I was shown in to see her. “ You must come back to your place ; no one will harm you if you tell the truth, I She went back with me, though evidently with great reluctance, and when confronted by Dora, I asked, the girl -who and what her sweetheart was. She blushed and hesitated, but on my saying she must tell us, she said : “ His name is Daggers, and he lives with his uncle, Mr Kelly, the grocer at the corner of this street.” “ Then it is useless suspecting him,” said Dora, “for he is in every way an estimable young man, a teacher in the Sunday school, and Jane is to be congratu lated on having secured his affections.” The girl brightened up on hearing this, but was again disturbed by my question if Mr Daggers knew that in taking her for a walk she had left the house unprotected, contrary to express orders. “ Ho, he did not know,” she tearfully replied. There was nothing more to be done that night, and in the morning I went to Dale Street, and luckily finding Telford in the, office, sought his assistance in detecting the thieves. He agreed with me that it was another move of the Bamfords, seeing that besides the copy of will, only a gold watch had been taken. "We decided to send a description of mother and sonito the Police Gazette, as the best means of discovering their whereabouts. But the winter passed, and we heard nothing. Mr Ellithome was daily be coming more childish and helpless; the doctor said he would not live long. One evening when I returned home to tea, tired with a long walk in the country, Maria met me in a state of excitement and exclaimed: “ you’re never here when you’re wanted. Miss Ellithorne was here this afternoon, and very much put out that you were not at home. She wants to see you at once.” “ Send Jane for her; I want my tea.” “ Oh, Mr Smart, I have seen that horrid man!” “ What, young Bamford ?” “ Ho ; his father.” “ Where ? Are you sure it was he P” “ Quite sure; he was coming up the street as I was standing at the door. He passed me as if he had never seen me be fore, and I was so surprised that he must have noticed my face. I ran here at once, thinking if you happened to be at home you might follow him, and ascertain if he has any knowledge of that woman.” I fancied she had' been deceived by a chance resemblance, but she was positive as to the identity of the man with the Mr Bamford who had claimed his Sophia five years before. Hext morning Dora rushed into our house by the back door, exclaiming— “He has just gone up the street!” I seized my hat, ran out, and was in time to see a man turn the corner. I caught him ere he had gone far, and grasping his arm said— “ A word with you, Mr Bamford, if you please.” “ That is my name, but I have not the pleasure-” “ 1 know that. You admit your name is Bamford; will you return with me to see Miss Ellithorne ? She is very anxious to see you for a few minutes.” ‘ I really do not know any lady of that name, and I am in a hurry, but if I can be of any service-” “ You can, Mr Bamford; perhaps you have forgot the name. Mr Ellithorne is the gentleman who innocently married Mrs Bamford — you will understand “ Hot quite; I am more mystified than ever. As far as I am concerned there is no Mrs Bamford!” We had reached the house, and he had followed me in without the least sign of trepidation. “ Is this the gentleman, Miss Dora ?” She looked puzzled. “ Is your name Jacob Bamford ?” I asked. “ Ho, Jacob is my brother, or rather was : he is dead.” “ You may still render this young lady that assistance which no one else can. Can you tell us wliero your brother was married, and when ? Also where he died, and how long since ?” “ I don’t know that I have any objec tion ; I was present at his marriage, which took place at Bury Parish Church on—let me see, the 14th Hovember, 1853. He died in October last, at Ashton-under Lyne, and I was present at his funeral.” “ Was his wife there ?” “Ho ; she had left him again, and only knew of his death after the funeral.” I now gave him a brief account of the doings of the woman and her son, and con cluded by expressing a hope that he would assist us in unmasking the schemers, when they deemed their plot ripe for exe cution. “Certainly I will; this is my private address, and I may generally be found dur ing the day at the office of Paterson and Co., in Water Street. I told Jacob he was marrying a bad woman, but ho did not be lieve me. That young scamp who calls himself Edward Bamford was her child by a former husband, at least she told Jacob so after they were married. She had lost the certificate of the first marriage, but we believed there had been none to lose.” “ Do you remember the name she gave when she was married to your brother ?” “ Yes, Eorshaw ; she said she came from Lymm, in Cheshire, but Jacob found a pocket Bible in a drawer, and it was given to her at a Sunday school at Wellington, in t Shropshire.” I Dora thanked him very cordially for the information he had given us, and he was gratified to find that she had thoughtfully sent for a cab, to enable him to get to the office in time. I suggested that I should go to Welling ton and get all particulars about Sophia Eorshaw. “ Would it not be best to obtain certifi cates of her marriago and her husband’s death before troubling about her antece dents ?” asked Dora. “You ought to become a lady detective, Miss Dora. You are quite right, and I will go to-day.” I had no difficulty in procuring copies of both certificates that day, and returned home that night to find that Mr Elli thome had had a paralytic stroke, and was not expected to live many hours. Early in the morning he died, and his brain seemed to brighten up just before death, for he told Dora to beware of the, woman who had embittered his later years and shortened his life. The Bamfords must have had a spy in the neighborhood, for by the evening’s post Dora received a letter signed “ Sophia Ellithorne,” intimating that tho writer, accompanied by her son, proposed to attend the funeral of her deceased husband, and expressing a hope that for the sake of de cency no opposition would be made by Miss Ellithorne or her friends. “ Lot her come, by all means,” I said; “ she will no doubt produce the will, and have such a reception as she little expects. To make the exposure all the more com plete I will go to Wellington to-morrow, and in the meantime George’s father will take care that you are not molested in any Thinking it likely that the police would know something about such a woman, I went there first on arriving at Welling Sophia Forshaw ? Yes, we do know a little about her. She receives a handsome annuity from Mr Allerton, a wealthy squire in the suburbs of the town. His son is the father of a hoy she had, and the foolish young fellow would no doubt have married her if his father had not got wind of tho affair, the lad being only nineteen. The annuity would have been stopped long since, but she sent such pitiful letters that Mr Allerton was induced to continue it. Where is she ?” I told him all I know of her doings. “ I wish you would go to Mr Allerton and tell him,” said the superintendent. “ I will go with you.” I agreed, and we found the squire at home. My new friend introduced the subject, and Mr Allerton was greatly in terested. “ Ellithome, did you say ? That was the name my brother assumed when he left us to marry a girl far beneath him in social position. Can it be possible he is—or I should say was—my only brother ?” He was greatly agitated, and for some minutes he did not speak. “ "What was his Christian name ?” he “ Marcus,” I replied, “ the daughter’s name is Dora.” “ Then I am certain he is my brother! And he has left a daughter! I have no child,” he said, pathetically. “ I will go back with you to the funeral, and the girl shall find another father in me. I shall have a comforter in my old age.” I wondered what George Telford wotild think of this proposal. Dora’s grief at the loss of her father was soothed by the tender sympathy of her uncle. He said nothing to her of his wishes, being, as I thought, just a little nettled on learning that his niece would be, comparatively speaking, a rich woman. The day of the funeral arrived, and Mrs. Bamford and her son, both in deepest mourning, appeared in a mourning coach, and if it had been allowed the driver would have followed the hearse. But I was ready for such a move, and compeUed him to go to the rear, greatly to the mortification of the occupants. Mrs. Bamford did not see Mr. Allerton till the procession reached the grave side, and I saw her start, as though she had seen a ghost. But his presence did not deter her from prosecuting the plan of operations she had decided upon, and when the mour ners returned she and her son entered the house, no one attempting to prevent them. The moment all were seated, she rose, and with a smile of triumph, said— “ As the widow of the deceased, Marcus Ellithorne, I produce his will. Perhaps this gentleman will be good enough to read it,” and she offered it to Mr. Allerton, I had told him of Edward Barn ford’s insinuation that his mother would have control of all tho property, but no alteration had been made in it, probably because it had been deemed too risky. “ I have no objection to reading my brother’s will, but before doing so I wish to be sure that you are really his widow. Do you produce any proofs ? ” “ Here is our marriage certificate,” she replied, handing it to him. “ Quite right as far ns it goes, but here is another certificate. "Will you kindly look at it ? ” and he offered her the copy I had got at Bury. “ This does not refer to me; I am not the Sophia Eorshaw mentioned there; the name is common enough.” I admired the spirit of the woman, for she showed neither fear nor surprise. I touched the bell, and Mr. Samuel Bam ford entered. Then her courage was shaken, and she seemed about to faint. “ Mr. Bamford, do you recognise this lady ? ” asked Mr. Allerton. “ Certainly; I was present at her mar riage with my brother Jacob. I was also present at his funeral in October last.” “ Then you are not the widow of the deceased. You committed bigamy in marrying him, and you would have been prosecuted had my brother not been too soft- hearted. You have no further claim on me, and from henceforth your allowance will cease; now you may go.” “ I shall not go! ” she shouted, but I had been prepared for this. A constable was in the passage, and on hearing her he walked in. “ If you don’t leave quietly I shall have to use force, and that will not be pleasant,” he said. The son, with a horrible scowl on his face, led the way, and the mother followed. Eor some weeks we expected some other move on the part of the baffled pair, but they were cowed. Dora did not refuse to go with her uncle when he returned home, which was not till her home had been broken up and everything sold, the only exceptions being a handsome clock, which she gave me, and her father’s books, which she had decided to keep for her own f uture A year elapsed, and occasionally I heard from George Telford of the well-being of his Dora. Then a startling thing took place. She ran away from her uncle and came to Liverpool. Mr. Allerton had usurped too much authority, and had peremptorily forbidden her to continue corresponding with her sweetheart. This Dora refused to do, and he had gone the length of stopping George’s letters. When Dora discovered this she was so very indig nant that she set off for Liverpool at once, during her uncle’s absence at tho Welling ton court-house. He followed her the same night, and an affecting scene took place in my parlour, for she had come to mo. “ Oh, uncle, do not be angry with me; I ! cannot give up George.” ! “ Angry, my darling ? Nay, it is I who I should ask forgiveness. I will no ' longer oppose your wishes. Marry whom you please, but come back to me after wards.” And George Telford, the son of the Liverpool detective, is now the owner of Allerton Hall, a county magistrate, and the happy husband of the best woman in England. Mrs. Bamford and her son were caught in a swindling transaction of a peculiarly heartless character, and sentenced to five years’ penal servitude. I never heard of them afterwards. 