WHAT BATBS WANTED TO KNOW. ' I shall be obliged if you can answer me one question,' said my friend Bates, aB he lay oui.be t»ncb one day In my room nurs ing his aching leg. ' Why does exposure to wet or cold bring on an attaok of rheumatism at one 1im9, when a like exposure fora score of times leads to no Euch result 7' Before I set down in writing tbe answer I gave htm I wish you -would read the follow ing letters, as no doubt the authors of them will lie tntai-ralaii In »h.. m*m-. -._i-.t 'In November, 1892,' aaysj toe one, 'I had an attack of rheumatic fever, and waa confined to my bed for four weeks, during which time I suffered f art ully. I had aw ful pains all over mo ; my j AntB swelled up, and I was so helpless I conld not raise my hand to my mouth. After the fever left me I was extremely weak, and so emaciated I was little more than skin and bone. A large lump, the size of an egg, formed on my elbow, and my fingera were almost drawn out of joint, I oannot describe the suffering I ' had to bear. The doctor ordered me varions medicines and cod liver oil, but they had no effect. In February, 1893, 1 read in a small book about tbe remarkable succou which had followed the uso of Mother Seigel'B Syrnp in cases of rhcnmatiBm, and got a bottle f rum M(B»re. Leverett and Fry, High-street. After taking it two weeks, I was better, and in about a month more all rhenmarlc pains had 'left me, and I waa strong and well as ever. Ton mav publish what I have slid, (8lgned) John 'h' Kent, 9 Randall-street, Maldatonc, Kent, January 80th. 1895.' '? for many years,' aays the other, ' I bad been eub)'.ot to liver complaint and indi gestion, I waa habitually heavy, weak, and weary. Hy appetite was poor, and all food gave me pain and fulness at^the cheat aud around the tides. I had so much pain aud tightness of the chest that I could not en-, dure the pressure of my clothing npon it Although not laid np, I waa seldom free |rom pain or a sense ot discomfort. In the summer of 1893 I began to suffer with rheu matism, which affected my arms and BhouUelB until I had rot the power to lift my hande to my bead. 1 tried all sorts of liniment embrocitloDS, and rubbing oila, bnt got no benefit from any ot them. ' In August, 1893, my friend, Mrs Owen, told me how much good Mother Belgel's Srruphad rfone hrrforrhenmattem, and I get a bottle from the Drug Stores in St. Ann's Road, la a few dajs I was much better, and in lets than a month afecrwarJs all pain had left me ; and I am happy to aay I have never had any return of tbe rh- amatiflm since, bnt have enjoyed the best of health in every respect. In common thankfulness for my speedy and wonderful deliverance, I willingly consent to tbe publication of this hurried statement should you wiah to make tbat nee of it. (Signed) (Mrs.) L. B. Cole, 6 Albert Boad, South Tottenham, London, August 16th, 1895.' Before answering the question i-I my f rirnd Ba'ea (who was a chronic rheumatic) t asked him one: 'Why don a lighted match, dropped Into the road, die out harm lessly, bnt when dropped, into a hayrick, set up a conflagration f' ' Any fool can answer that,' he aaid 'BiCiuse in the one case there ia nothiog tOT the are to catch hold of, while in the other there is.' ' Exactly,' I responded. ' Now eee. Indigestion and liver complaint (tbc second consequent on the first) csntinue to produoe a virulent poison in the blood called urio acid, practically insoluablo in water. Tbla acid, which Ib a solid, enters tbe I Iain's, and aete going a hot inflammatory fire. Tbat if rheumatism. It does what a sliver would— onlv the acid is a potion sliver. 'When the inriig s.ion and the liver trouble arc net very bad, and the ktdneya and aweat glands of the Bkln are acting fairly well, thin acid ia carried out of the body about as fast as it is formed. Exposure thru brings on no rheumatism. But, per contra, when tbe stomach and llTer are in bad condition, the in-lj forms faster than the kidneys and skin can carry it off. Then exDOBe yourself, g.*.t cold or wet, hamper tbe skin and kidneys still more, and the poison acid spreads through yonr matalea and pints like the nrn in the dry bay. You understand? Very well. The longer the cause pcTMdtB the more frequent the rheu matic attacks. That is why chronic dys peptics are apt also to be chronic rheumatics. Fend off dypperBla, or cure it by the use ef Mother Beigel's Byrop, and you and the rheumatism will have no dealings. Neglect it, and softer every limn yon calcn cold.' That was my answer to Bates, and he said there seemed to be sensj in it. Rlionts n-ill give a wide birth to Clandon, the county n silence of tbe Karl of Ouslow. U'hilc (tie training «as temporarily let latcd conc?rniug the ghost of a beautiful lady wbicb haunted the a]»artmcnts, wring ing' her hamls like Lady Macbeth in imagin ary perfumes of Ar.ibv, She was altogel her a cliarming apparition ; so much bo, that a society iJea-ling with psychical research ilcbirud to make her acquaintance, and through ils vic.-prcBidcnt, tbe Marquis o£ Dute, wrote to Lord OobIow- asking per miGBlon to vis;t the nous ] and interview the shade. His lordship has declined the offer, and a-Ms thai with the departure of the late tenants of the place and their servants, all opportunities of uninaBking imposture by petition o'f such nonsjnse. ' Ailult members of my family,' he continues, 'slecn with loaded revolvers by their bedBidcs, with which tlifiy. will not b sitatc to shoot at any ghost who seeks to ploy tricks.' It may safelr be affirmed tbat neither lady nor gentlemen spirits will disturb the tranquillity of Clandon so long as these revolvers remain loaded. 