A GHOST OF A PLAC THE STORY OF ASHLEY HALL AND HOSPITABLE COLONEL BULL How the Planter Kept His 10oseh01o Goods From the Bands of the "Balder, Pictures of a Beautiful Suburb That All Visitors to Charleston Admire. Woodlands thick with undergrowth. tranquil country stillness, the stillnss of a bit of country comparatively n. tilled and unpastured; roadways lined with tall and stately trees--such the scene as the clatter of horses' hoofs echo. ing on the hard flooring of the river bridge dies away into noiseless footfalhl and the wheels turn without sound in the yielding soil of St. Andrew's. The mnurmured chorus of countless pines charms us into forgetfulness of the city's close proximity across the river. Ahead the Way unfolds to us, broad and smooth, winding between long battalions of at. cient oaks, nmuffled up to their chins in gray; on through miles of the centuryold trees, their massive trunks bound with fibrous scarfs, as if to veil the scars of successive seasons, every twig. and branch and spray hung with streaming moss. Grand old oaksl Autumnal storms and April airs in turns have tossed and kissed their rugged bough? yet the giant trunks stand firm. Scarce a gap in the uniform line shows where a grenadier has fallen out of ranks, and, elbow to elbow, they guard the ancient highway from encroachment of forest or field. Hero is an old gateway, the entrance to the grounds which once surrounded Ashley Hall, one of the proudest and most spacious of the ancestral homes in this parish. We pass through the use. less massive portals into the driveway beyond. In the shaded light the avenue seems dreaming of the past, for these great oaks stand guard over the wreck of all they were intended to adorn. Of the stately home to which their beauty formed a fit approach nothing nos re. mains but the crumbling marble steps and tall, spiroliko chimneys. Little pickaninnies play hide and seek where once the flowers in "my lady's garden" grew in trim lnxuriance. OnlytheAsh. loy is unchanged as it ripples by on its way to the sea, its waves as blue and sparkling as when it bore many a boat. ina party from the mansion house. Ashley Hall was o scene ofll a ma nifi cent and lavish hospitality in anutebel. lum days. Its owner possessed immenta plantations inl Mississippi and Louisiana in addition to his Carolina estates, and tho- great halls and spacious drawing rooms of tho St. Andrew's mansion were frequently thronged with a gay com pany of the most distinguished people of the state. The host was passionately fond of the chase and delighted to as. semblo about him those who shared in his love of sport. Deer hunts, partici. pated in by famous sportsmen from all over the south, were features of every season. The sonme open handed gener?s. ity that dictated a hospitality so marked obtained between master and slave, and the largo retinue of servants at the hall were a happy, care free set. It was tra. ditional that no one was ever seat away empty handed who applied for aid at the doors of this plantation honce. This old hall, in- which seven genera tions of the sanmo family had dwelt, liv ing almost ideal lives, met with atragi fate. The organized struggle between the north and south was at an end, but the "raiders" were in possession of this country. They had already sacked and destroyed every house in the pari.h, with a single excoption, and that plan. tation was occupied by an enemy more dreaded even than demoralized soldiers -namely, smallpox. That frightened even rough handed rapacity away, and venerable Drayton Hall, today famonu for its wonderful gardens, was preserved inviolate. Tie knowledge of the fate that had overtaken the homes of his neighbors, and which he felt that afew t..,re.,w....... ...m1.7 . nihntn nun ni. own, dctoermined Colonel null. uanlng for kindling wood, surrounded by his awestricken servants, he himself applied the pine torch to his liousthold godil Pictures, plate, antique furniture, val ued heirlooms-all were sacrificed save the small number which could be has tily secreted by trusted slaves when they learned of his intention. It isrclateldb an eyewitness that the stalwart planter wept tears of infinite sorrow as the sounds of falling brick and crumbling woodwork smote upon his cars. Ju~ back of the house is an ancient mona ment erected to comnnemorato one o Carolina's colonial governors, an ance. tor of the doughty colonel. It was cn the base of this shaft that the mastero tho manor sat and watched the destron tion of his home. We retrace our way along the ntih of rare old trees, passing through th ancient gateway, fit subject for pot'S theme, into the open road, wherowean greeted by a procession of oaks as s metrical as those we left behind. J.1ii of moss fringed trees, their somber cer tains swaying far above, and g-sis drooping so as almost to tonch the cart about their feet, continue event to th cleared strip of land inmmdcliately in front of the bridge. Opposite liesth city, her cluster turrets and slend? spires outlined against the evening 4hy Asked how we like the oaks, vOn tY that they aro "beautiful," but all the vwhilo we are conscions that they haves charm of their own not to be interprete in words.-Cor. New York Post. 