[PUBLIBsED DAIL'T. TUAT TAXATION-ECONOMICAL GOVERNMENT -IPERFBCT TREEDOM OF TRADE. MONDAY, MAY 11, 1896. France has got a new Ministry. This is perhaps not saying much, for the Republic is in the habit of using up Ministries much in the same fashion as an ordinary individual uses up boots. When one pair has served its time It is cast off and another pair pro cured. This is the orthodox manner of dealing with articles of wear, but then they can be manufactured to order in quantities to suit purchasers. Whether La Belle France can go on turning out politicians to meet the inordinate de mands of the time is questionable. No doubt an article of a sort can be ob tained, for there are various qualities in politicians as in everything else, the risk being that unless the quality is in some mysterious manner maintained there is great danger of the public hav ing to put up with an inferior article. This is'what is menacing France. Out of the vast army which has crossed the political stage during the past twenty years how few are there who are re membered a twelvemonth after they have resigned office ! Brisson succeeds Ferry, De Freycinet replaces Brisson, Goblet follows Do Freycinet,Tii'ard sup plants Goblet, Floquet occupies the Premiership vice Tirard. So the long list stretches out like the ghosts in Mac beth,appearing for a brief period on the political stage, and then passing away, in many cases to be heard of no more. No commanding leader of any political party has appeared on the scene; none whose strong personality stamps his impress on the pages of the country's history; none who shine .forth as the embodiment of a principle or the incar nation of a policy. There have been no Gladstones, no Salisburys, no Bis marcks, or Von Moltkes; nothing but a dreary succession of monotonous medio crities. No sooner has the public be come familiar with one set of names than, like the turn of a kaleidoscope, they are gone, and another set turns up. Change and disappointment have been the predominating features in French politics for the last quarter of a cen tury, and the position is growing worse instead of better. France is a nation difficult to govern, and that requires the direction of a strong hand. The Gaul is a volatile individual, fond of dis play, vain, nervous, excitable,and seem ingly incapable of sustained effort in one direction. After the collapse of 1870 the depressing conditions that existed were enough to damp the ardour of most nationalities, but the vanity of the Frank encouraged him to make stu pendous efforts to pay off the enormous indemnity demanded within the speci fied time, and to once more seek to rival his conqueror in military display. Since then it has been the aim of the Repub lic to regain its lost position as a domi nant factor in European affairs. With the aid of Russia it has of late years been able to make itself disagreeable, if nothing else. It is, however, doubt ful if France has as much to fear from Continental rivals as from in ternal disorder. The damage done by the shells of German ar tillery or by the charge of a squadron of Austrian cuirassiers can be esaily made good, but the evils likely to Arise from lack of national stability are not to be lightly repaired. The Senate has hitherto been the steadying element in the political machine. It is entrusted with considerable power, and the President can dissolve the Chamber of Deputies only by its consent. Under the Constitution of 1875, one-fourth of its members were nominated for life by the Government, but as these die they are replaced by election, one fourth retiring annually. Unlike the American President, who is, practically elected by the people, and who stands between them and their rulers, the chief Executive officer of France is elected by the two Chambers sitting together as a National Assembly or Congress. The popular Chamber, how ever, outnumbers the other by nearly two to one, and the President is con sequently dependent in a great measure on that branch of the Legislature for the position he occupies. The natural result is that if he is a weak man he be comes a tool in the hands of the party in power. France has for a century past enjoyed the unenviable notoriety of being the home of malcontents against the existing conditions of so ciety. Not long since President Carnot fell by the hand of an anarchist, and the stringent repressive laws against these wolves of society were carried only after some stormy scenes. Socialism has also acquired a stronghold on the Parisian populace, and Paris counts far more in French politics than any other capitals in Europe do in their respective countries. The complaint aginst the Bourgeois Cabinet was that it was tinged too much with Radical or Socialistic doctrines. Roughly speak ing, parties in France may be divided into two heads-Republicans and Re actionaries. The former representing what element of stability there is in the Chamber, and the latter Radicals, So cialists, and malcontents of all parties. At the last general election Republicans numbered 292, Socialists and Radicals 187, Rallied Republicans (that is, the one time opponents of the Republic over: the religious question, but who gave it their support under the advice of the Pope) 35, and Monarchists and Bonapartists 58. The overthrow of the Ribot Cabinet last year was brought about by the hadicals, who formed the principal element in the Bourgoise, Ad ministration. The opposition of the Senate to the advanced legislation of the latter brought about its resignation, but there are numerous signs that the Parisian populace resent its action. "Death to the Senate" is a cry that has been heard often in the boulevards and streets of Paris of late, and it would appear as if a struggle is impending in which the existence of the Upper Cham ber is at stake. In a country where there are so may peasant proprietors as in France, the conservative element should be strong; butParisovershadows the nation, and unless the good sense of the rural population is aroused, the frothy element in the capital bids fair to lead the country into serious diffi culties. Popular government has not been a success in France. It has not brought the best men to the front, nor can it point to any great measure of re form for the amelioration of the condi tion of the people. A succession of poli tical intrigues, inferior administration, trouble, turmoil, and unrest, have been the chief characteristics of the last quarter of a century of French history. The quarterly return of the New South Wales Railway Department is to hand and shows a slight increase both in receipts and expenditure, the latter being principally due to repairs caused by floods. There is nothing in the report calling for particular notice, except that it proves that the parent colony is holding its own well in the matter of railway traffic. What is worthy of a few comments is one of the appendices attached to the report g iviig the appointments of all em ployees for the quarter. This list, in addition to the names, specifies the rate of wages or salary paid to each official, and gives the reason for his appoint ment. Thus we find that John Brown takes the place of Janies Smith who had resigned, or has died, or has been dis charged. The publication of the list would not convey much information to the public generally, but it acts as a check upon making unnecessary ap pointments, or finding billets for one's friends. Despite Ministers' assurance when the retrenchment era was in augurated that they would give those who were retired the first vacancies, there have been several instances in which this has not been adhered to, and some of the appointments made have given rise to unfavourable com ment. In one caee it was openly as serted that the oficial was not required, and when there are Ministers in office who have a penchant for finding billets for their friends and relations at the public expense, a list like the one re ferred to would prove a salutary de terrent. -4--~---- A diversity of opinion seems to exist as to whether the flesh of animals suffering from certain diseases is fit for human consumption or otherwise. In England apparently the health au thorities are taking special precautions in the supervision of the public meat supply, and a work entitled the "Food Inspector's Handbook," by Francis Vacher, Medical Officer to the Cheshire County Council, contains a list of the diseases of animals which render their flesh unfit for food. The maladies enu merated are-"Cattle-plague or rinder pest, epizootic pleuro-pneumonia, an thrax, and anthracoid diseases, black quarter, splenic-fever, braxy in sheep, Texan fever, sheep-pox, consumption (tuberculosis), actinomycosis (lumpy jaw), joint-ill or joint felon, ty phoid fever of swine, quinsy in swine, worms affecting swine, cysticerci, and trichniae, glan ders, and farcy." Relative to tubercle in beasts, the writer of the work under review remarks:-"There has been much discussion as to whether the car case of all animals infected with tuber culosis should be held as unfit for hu man food. Indeed, many years ago it was generally allowed that if the dis ease was apparently limited to the. lungs, and not far advanced, and the carcase looked well, the inspector would be justified in passing the meat. However, this is not the approved view now. That tuberculosis is a disease communicable from one of the lower animals to man is an established scientific fact; nor will it be denied that the disease is communicable in various ways, e.g., by breathing infected air, by swallow ing infected food, or by having infected matter introduced into the blood. How, then, can the meat of an infected ani mal be eaten with safety? The disease is now known to be associated with, and believed to be caused by, a mi nute organism called, the bacillus of tu bercle, and this is readily carried from one part of the body by the blood or by the lymphatic stream. The disease is, therefore, not to be regarded as lo calised because it is only apparent in the lungs, for through the lungs circu late the whole blood, and sooner or laterthe bacillus is carried into the, sys tem." In support of our contention that all meat slaughtered at the abat toirs should be submitted -to skilled veterinary inspection, we quote the fol lowing from Mr Vacher's work: "Judging whether meat is from a dis eased animal, the nature of the disease, and whether it affords warrant for the seizing of the meat will tax the inspeo tor's capacity to the full." 