[By the Vagrant. J From New Zealand comes news of the death of Crinoline, dam of Sternchaser, etc. Mrs. Monaghan, mother of James Monaghan, the wpll-bnown trainer, died on Monday. I understand that the racehorse E.K'. will shortly rejoin Mr. E. Kays's string at Eandwictr. Raillery broke her leg ia tho Hurdle Eace at Bandwick on Saturday, and had to be destroyed. Tha well known cyclists Parsons and Martin are to ride another match, this time over fifty miles for 5(50 a-side. Snapshot, who ran Fucile such a good race in the Maiden Two-Tear-Old Stakes, is by Nordenfeldt out of lliriam, dam of old Magnus. At a meeting of the Hartley District Jockcy Club on Monday Mr. Morgan's Frivolity carried top weight and won the four principal races. On Monday, at the Druids' gala at Melbourne, the Wheel Eace of £200 waB won by H. Biekford, of South Australia. A. W. Harris, of England, was second. Mr. A. L. Baird, inventor of the automatic judging machine, will leave Sydney next week for America, where he hopes to make the apparatus popular. Misa Emmett, winner of the Two-year-old Race at Brisbane on Monday, is by Stromboli, who did Btud duty in Queensland before taking his trip to America, Mr. John Baylis, of the Commercial Hotel, Branxton, announces that races for substantial money prizes, will be held at Raisbeck's course on the 25th May. Old Kingcraft ran with wonderfully sustained bad luck at the race meeting afc Lismore on Mon day, for ho started in three events and ran two seconds and a third. The promoters of tbe recent Martin and Parsons match afc St. Kilda have Bhown their appreciation of the fine riding of Parsons in the match by donat ing him a cheque for £10. The committee of the 'West Maitland Branch of the League of Wheelmen should be pleased with the attendance on the opening da}. The takings at the gates amounted to £30. A reminder is Riven that nominations for the minor events to be run at tha race meeting at Narrabri close on Tuesday next. The conditions have been advertised in this journal. The Taamanian Axemen's Association have nomi nated Frank Geala to represent them in a match with Gurran at the Caledonian gathering at Maclean on 25th May. The stakes are £50 a-side. Colonel North has a ledger account kept against each of his horses and greyhounds, and he can tell at one reference what he. is in or out of pocket by .y&py; racehorse or dog running in his name. Ifc is pretty generally understood that his Excellency the Governor is going to patronize the turf as an owner of racehorses, and rumour hath it that & prominent trainer was buying for him at the. sales. A trotting a match for £100 a-sida took place at Brisbane on Saturday between G. Barnes'- Stella and W. Stevens' Harold, 1 J mile. Stella was favourite at 2 to 1 on, and she won easily by several lengths. The brothers J., A., and W. Delaney had the mounts on the first, second, and third horses in tbe Doncaster Handicap on Saturday last. Such a coincidence has never before been beard oE in the colonies. Mick Dooley and Peter Felix fought in Melbourne on Saturday night. It was a scraggy affair right, through, for Felix only received ono blow and never got one in, and he was glad to be counted out when knocked down. It was stated at Eandwick that prior fco running in the Champagne Stakes Newhaven had been purchased by Mr. W. T. Jones, of Vic toria, for 2000gi., and a contingency in the event of | 'his winning that event. I The King of Greece formally opened the Olympic | Games at Athena this week in the presence of I 70,000 spectators. Flack, a Viotorian athlete, won I the first heat in the 800 metres race, covering the 1 distance in 2 minutes 10 seconds. 1 The Queensland Turf Club meeting was poorly \ attended on Saturday, but there was good rncing. I May won the Trial H-indicap, Golden Spray the I Welter Handicap, Irish Stew the Easter Handicap. I 'College Cap the Junior Handicap, and Fred the |\ Totalisator Stakes. \ Owners and trainers having horses engaged for the next Melbourne Cup intend fco petition the V.R.C. committee to have the conditions altered so that the winner of any event under the value of .£100 after the declaration of weights will be exempted from penalty. ? ' Speaking of the abandonment of the May meet ing by the Hay 'Jockey Club, ' Augui's Ghost' in the Narandera Jirgus says : ' Why not plough up 'the course and sow ifc with wheat and oats, tiu-ri ^perhaps next year they would be able to do-as in ?Maoriland: give grain prizes.', - The Muswellbrook Jockey Club is 'out with a ?very nice programme for a race meeting on May :20 and 21, when about £140 will be distributed in prize money. As .usual Mr. C. J. Spratt is ben. ?secretary, and he will receive nominations niti' ? eight o clock on tb&evening; of the 11th May. ?At ChriRtchurch, N.Z., on Monday, the Great.) Autumn Handicap was won by B°llicent, with* Culvenn second, and Bessie M'Carthv third. 1 Time, 2 minutes SQJ seconds. The Challenge's ?Stakes were won by ^Dauntless, Epaulet second,1 ^Bombshell third. Time, 1 minute 31 seconds. The'.jockey John Mulry, with whom Ttor fell in relie'Rosehill Steeplechase a fow days ago, died from &is; injuries in Parramatta Hospital on Monday morning, never having regained consciousncss IiKto last week the unfortunate fellow was said to be .improving, but a turn for the worse set in o/i Sued ay, and he succumbed -as stated. Mrs. White has sustained a heavy loss by the I death of Acme, the well-known, brood mare. Acme was by Cheater from Prineess Maud (imp.), and the dans of Aetuena. She won » number of good races, including the Maribyrnoug Plate and Tatfcer 8ftll s Ciap. Tbe death, in this cane from snakebite, is also announced of Aurelia, dam of Aurea. I understand -that generous offers of support are coming in from horaeowners to the Tamworth Jockey Club for its annual rnce meeting on May 5 una 6. The course and grandptand ate to be revo lted and receive other attention, and the two principal events have £100 added to each. Entries «1M0 on April 23, with Mr. C. J. Britten, the hon. Hi? ^at the gelding we formerly knew in fill (minf'f'u i18 R'Seman, nn-3 later on as Protest, SkS , ™ that memorable dispute in Skipper's race W.lfl ' °?, ^ovomber 3, is now racing as 1% Enajlt a™°ng 'he '' small' horses in Sydney. hnlf hl « woa Kensington a taw daya ago, is J ™*tSs& etc' »** * I A light of other days in Aurelius cropped up as a winner at Williametown on Monday. In his best days Aurelius was very smart, and lie only needed i to be half well to beat the moderate lot opposed to ' him in the Jumpers' Flat Race. Aurelius is now 10 years old. Ho was foaled in tho same year aB John S. and Pincio, each of whom won a race with in the past month or two. Arrangements have bgsn concluded for the cycling match between Jamt's Carpenter and Cecil Turner, which is to bo run at fche St. Kilda Cricket Ground, on Wednesday, 22ud instant. The dis tance is five miles, paced, and Carpenter's backerB aro lsying £G5 to £30 on. The match is to be run in private, as the League of Wheelmen has refused to sanction a public contest. While a man named Frank Ward (a Hawkesbury player) was taking part in a match against Central Cumberland at Parramatta on Saturday, during the la3t over of the day Goidiin (Cumberland) hit a ball to leg, and Ward darted along at a great pice to save a fourer. Just as he reached the boundary liue his leg gave way and he fell with great foige, fracturing his hip joint. Mr. B. Hsydon, ot Bloouifield, Blandford, writes bo say that I wai mistaken in describing Pattie Brown aud Little Wonder as by the imported horse Tester, and he explains that they are by hiB Tester, a son of the imported stallion of thafc name, and who was owned. by Mr. Baldwin. The error was occasioned simply through the ridiculous practice of bestowing the same name on two or three horseB. The Easter Cycling Carnival of the Adelaide League commenced on the City Oval on Saturday. Martin won the One-and-a-Half Mile First-class Eace; Taylor the Second-claBB One-and- a-Half Mile Race. Half-mile Handicap : Biekford. Easter Gift, of £30 j tiro miles: Taylor 1, Bergsfcrom 2, Randell 3. Martin, fell in the Half-mile, and in the Easter Gift final two spokes ot his wheel got loose, and he had to give tip. . It ia so Very seldom we hear of a ' seller' being sold after the so- called selling races that it^ is re freshing to note a sale. Bon Ton, after winning the Selling Race at Caulfield on Saturday caused some spirited bidding when tho auctioneer got hold n f him, and a little unpleasantness too. Mr. Miller eventually got the i»eldit:g for £190. Bon Ton was only held on lease, and it is said the lessee had no authority from the owner to sell. Until Saturday Budgerce had not won a race | since his victory in the A.J C. Members' Handicap in September, 1893. Cripps is usually patient with his charges, and after keeping the son of Marvel lous for n year or more he has at length been rewarded with a win. Budgeree waB well backed for the Newmarket Handicap, and he would no doubt have shaped well in that event but for being bumped at the start by Moorite, and losing several lengths in consequence. At the V.A.T.C. Easter meeting, at Caulfield, on Saturday, the Trial Stakes was won by Delos, by Otideis — Latona; the Hurdle Race by Here's Luck, SwivoHer — Fallacy j the Easter Handicap by Tin stream, Gang Forward — Tinfinder ; the Steeple chase by Romance, Dante— Fiction ; the Selling Race by Boa Ton, Invermay. — Society j and the. Brighton Handicap by Budgeree, Marvellous — Elsie. Mr. O'ShannesBy's false rail was used for all the races, and gave great satisfaction. A private letter received from one of the mem bers of the Australian cricket team now proceeding to England states thafc they experienced a rough passage to Albany. Jones was very ill', and wished he had never known how to bowl. Hill at first prayed that the boat would go down, but rapidly overcame the Bea sickness, Iredale was not seen after leaving St. Vincent's Gulf until the Sound was reached. Eady and Johns experienced alight symptoms of mal-de-mer, but Giffen, Graham, Gregory, and E. Trott did not miBS a meal. Mr. F. Hawley, the well-known Sydney rider, says that cyclists always look forward to tbe oftraivivls - promoted . ..by . tho . i\Tni find T-!rnn oil of the New South Wales League of Wheel men, because they knew thoy would always receive excellent treatment, 'and their Btay was usually made most pleasant for them. Mr. M. G. Phelan says the Maitland body is the best managed branch of the League, and riders were bo glad of the opportunity of competing at the carni vals thafc there was always a good muater of metro politan riderB. Some unpleasantness occurred in the handicaps issued for fche two cycling events contested at Wyalong on Easter Monday. Tho friction arose over the difference between the adjustments of the official handicapper and the local branch handicap per. The races were eventually run under the local handicaps, and the visitors who had entered did not compete. This will mean the disqualifica tion of the branch and those who took narfc in the gathering, if the League so wills it, but tbe ad- I justmenta of the official handicapper seldom give satisfaction anywhere. The scullers Jordan and Tressider mat in New castle on Saturday evening and matched themselves to row a race ia skiffs for £10 a-side on the 16th instant. Green (Hexham) and Walsh (Wallsend) had a lot of talk about a match, but nothing was come to, and Walsh withdrew £2 he had deposited. He said he fully expected Green would have rowed in watermen skiffs.. George Towna was in Newcastle on Saturday and he gave some interviewers to understand that he will be in town on Friday night to mset Chris. Neilson and arrange details for tbe projected match. At the Central Police Court on Wednesday after noon Thomas Lloyd was charged with fraudulently appropriating £22, the property of Robert Wallace. The prosecutor stated in evidence that he was the owner of the brown gelding Jimmy, and had com missioned the accused, on certain considerations, to run the hcirBe in his name, but to hand the prize money over to him (prosecutor). Accused did so with the first money won, a sum of £3 ; but on the gelding winning a hurdle race at Kensington ou March 27 nccused retained the prize money, £22. He was committed for trial at the quarter sessions. The Porta Complimentary meeting at the Mel bourne _Exl ibifion track on Saturday, was well attended. Hngan won the Second and Third Class Handicap, 1$ miles. Harris beat Parsons and Greenwood in 'ha Two Mih'S First-class Handicap, and won the Half-mile Invitation Scratch Race, beating Pinions and Porta. Parsons and Porta racnd thrr-e di--titi'o-, — ha'f-a mile, one mile, and two miles. Parsons won the half-mile, Porta the mile, and ParsntiR the two- mile event. Don Walker lowered Zimmerman's quarter-mile record from 30% si'cs. to 28'/;Pecs. H' made two attempts to lower the ha-f-uiile record, but failed. Australian cyclists ivill ahortly be in strong force an England and Europe, for in addition to Megson, Lewis, and Parsons making the trip, ifc is well nigh certain thafc Ernie Payne will accompany \,he New South Wales representatives. It is also possible that Brown will try and get away, and with all these fine riders in good condition, colonists who take an interest in the sport may rest assured that tl.&y; will bring no dis credit on the place of their birth. Megson is now riding as well as ever ho did, whilst Payne is daily improving. .-Lewis, too, is ready to do brilliant work, and th-tire are some critics who fancy that Brown can get up as much paco as any of those -named when he bo desires. Paris probably ran his first race this season' in the Northamptonshire Stakes which ho won a few days ago. He is engaged in three or four other important events, including the Epsom Great Metropolitan Stakes, to be run on April 21. % and the Chester, Cup to be run on May 6. He will not have things so much in his favour in these races as at Northamptsn, and with a penalty in each event, and probably better compauy fco meet, his pron pects of success nro not so rosy. Ho was alloted 8st. Gib. in the Gt oat Metropolitan (two miles and a quarter), but at acceptance the weights had to be raised 71b., and with a 101b. penalty he goes up to Oat. 91b., or if the weights are brought down again ho will have to carry Oat. 21b. Ha is in the same position in the Chester Cup, the distance of which is also two miles and a quarter. In addition to taking the Cup with Veronica, the I Messrs. Manifold won the Great Eastern Steeple-; oliaes and the Hurdle Race at Onkaparingaj bo that they had a great day. Dungan, the winner of the big jumping race, was a strong fancy for the event right from tho time the weights were declared, and tho bookmakers who fielded over tho event rauBt have received a shock when he won. Brewer could not get the unlucky Joi home, but he managed to finish second on Mr. Gordon Lyon's ( horae, who will, all going well, yet win a good race for his owner. The Messrs. Manifold's representa- , tiTe in tho Hurdle Race was Geometry, who won very comfortably, paying a good dividend in the ( totalisator. Geometry, it will be remembered, ran ; third to D.timio and Romsdal in tho last Caulfield ( Grand National Steeplechase. She is a clover jumper, and fast, too. Among the visitors t® the local cycling carnival was one notability who deserves a paragraph to himself just as much as does the flying Megson or j the other metropolitan scorchers. The person to t whom I refer is a veteran of seventy summers and j a proportionate number of winters, but who rode j from Sydney with other members of the Redfern ( Club specially to see tho sports, and notwithatand- j ing tho ronghnesH of tho long road the oM gentle- ( man finished up just as fresh as any of his more - juvenilo companions. Jack Williams, the captain r of the League, and who is popularly supposed to be f fifty, will turn green with envy when ho reads this, j but he may go and hide his diminished head. He | is only ' a kid' compared with my Redfern hero, £ who carried a billyean, tomahawk, etc., on his bike, f and who is probably the oldost wheelman in tho ( colony. I unfortunately did not learn hi6 name. { A number of most interesting matches are being j made between the leading scullers now in t England. On March 30 G. Bubear was to row , Wallace Ross for £100 a side over tho Tyne course, f Ross to have seven seconds start. On March 25 1 W. A; Barry to allow Ross five seconds start Over ' the 'I'yiiG course, the stakes being £50 a aide. E Another Ben3»tional match was made, by which { Barry is engaged to row Harding, the latter stak- 1 ing £230 to Barry's £200. This is a level match £ in best boats, over the usual Tyne course. W. j Emmett was matched to row O. Stephenson the . ex-Nuw Zealander, for £100 a Bide. Tho race was , fixed for a fortnight before the Sianbury- Harding f race. Stephenson was also challenged by Barry for , a level match race, but fcho Australian thought it , would bo better for him to wait. It is to be hoped ( the English scullers feel as hungry for matches , about the end of next month. They will then ( havo a first-class chance of getting al! they may , have need of. | It seems only tho other day that English critics, j whilst agreeing that uur old equine friend Paris— j who now shines a3 Paris III. in the old country j was a wear and tear looking customer, were almost unanimous in declaring that he did not move like | a galloper. We, poor uneducated mortals, were wont ( to allude to Mr?. White's little brown as 'the galloping machine 1' But then wo used to regard another little dasher, Ringmaster, as a fair horse, but the blarated Britishers condemned him as the ; veriest saddle flapper because, forsooth, bo had a long tail. Anyhow his English opponents had a 1 good view oE Ringmaster's obtrusive caudal ' appendage on three or four occasions, and now comes the gratifying intelligence that Paris i started first favourite on Thursday for the Nor thamptonshire Stakes of £1000, over a mile and a half and a hundred yards, and carried his 8st. 3lb. to victory in a common canter. Fit and as well as we have seen Paris in Australia there should bo few horses in England his master over a respectable joniney. I confess I was considerably surprised when I saw the figures reached by some of the youngsters brought under the hammer at the yearling sales at Randwick on Tuesday, for tima3 are admittedly so bnd and money confined to so few hands, that it seemed well-nigh hopele33 to expect anything like the prices of former years for thoroughbred stock. The highest figure realised by a Tocal yearling was fche 285 guiueas paid by the wily Ike Foulshsm for the chestnut colt by Splendor — Algerine, who runs back to the stout Blinkhoolie tribe, and who is also dam of the speedy Morocco. The gentleman who races as Mr. W. F. Portland, in reality Harry Mooco tlio - oriohotoK-. and . his brother — paid 210 guiueas for a_ very fine aolt by Splendor from Second Thought, a full sister to Sorella and Merri ment, and the Indian buyer Mr. Uphill gave 100 guineas for Candour's brother. When Messrs Tom Lamond and E. Keys clapped their eyes at Tocal on the filly by Splendor out of Minuet, a full sister to Melos and Melodious (dam of Wallace) they expresBed a desire to steal her, but tho former saved hiB character by giving 200 guineas for her. Minuet is dam of Elton. Biddings were not nearly so brisk ou Wednesday, and tho Duckenfiald con tingent sold badly, the highest price being paid for Nobleman's brother, for whom Mr. Tulloch gave 155 euineas. The highest price realised durine the day was 255 guineas, given by Mr. Dan O'Brien for a fine colt by Autonomy out of Bangle, the only Barcaldine mare in the colony. Ho waB t-red at Neotsfield. Since Jealousy won the Liverpool Grand National in 1861 no horse had carried less than lOst to victory until The Soarer won last week. For years there was a minimum of lOst and a maximum of 123t 71b. The only horse to win the race with the maximum was Cloister in 1893, and after that a change wbb made. Mr. Mainwaring now has the power to go down to 9st 71b, and the fixing of the maximum is left to bis direction just as in Australia. The Soarer has a very poor record, and up to the time tbe laBt mail left he had never been men tioned in the betting. His sire, Skylark, was a good horse of Lord Falmouth's, who ran well in the year which saw Kisber and Petrarch to the fore. It ia just possible that The Soarer may have been bacfeed at the finish, as ho was trained in the same stable as Why Not, who was being well backed a month before the race. Father O'Flynn is an erratic old rogue, who seems to run well at Liver pool and nowhere else. When he won in 1892 Cap tain 'Roddy' Owen rode him, and he was well backed. After the race the captain went to Africa with his regiment, and in new hands Father O'Flynn took to baulking. Time after time bo has bolted out of the course when some race looked a certainty for him, but, strange to say, be sticks to his work over tho severe four aud a half mile3 at Liverpool.: Biscuit won two pretty good steeple chases last year. Norton did not run after all — I suppose he gave way in training — and none of the cracks,- Caihal, ! Horizon, Waterford, Nepcote, and Rory O'More succeeded in getting into the first three. Somo people who saw tho race for tho Sydney Cup are not slow to express the opinion that had Wallace been an absentee the prize would still have gone to St. Albans by the a gency of the chestnut's stable companion, whose rider was content to ease up when Wallace appeared on the B'.ene at the finish, quite satisfied that ho had fulfilled his mission as pacemaker. There can be no possible shadow of a doubt but that Trentham should be a great rawhorse, fcr ho is by Trenton (by Musket — Frailty— by Goldsbrough) out of Nellie Moore, by Voltigeur — Fickle, by Dundee (by Lord of fche Isles, son of Touehstone) out of Changeable, by Weatherbit. Nelly Moore also gave the Australian I turf Loshiol, ono of the most brilliant animals over all distances, and it will be surprising if such a stoutly bred colt as Treutliim cannot stay. Of course ho only carried Gst. 121b. as com pared with the 8sfc. 121b. on fche back oE Wallace, but ifc is probable he will come on with age, as he bas so far been a backward colt, and he will doubtless repay remembering him when the Spring campaign starts over the border. The ad mirers and backers of Toreador are not quite satisfied with the result of the struggle for tho Cup, tor it is claimed thafc Mr. Hordern's colt was blocked at n critical Btage of tho race, and had al together a had passage, but when all is said and done with it is very probable that the best horse at tho weights on Monday won. By the way, granted that Abercorn is the sire of Toreador honour being divided between Chester and tho beautiful chestnut — tho race displays in aso'jiewhat remarkable way the potency and influence of old Goldsbrough as a sire. Melodious, dam of Wallace, is by the Tocal stallion. So, too, is Cinnamon' dam of Abercorn, whilst Trenton's dam Frailty is also by G ildsbrou/h. No wonder Goldsbrough mucs ar® in great demand. Recently a largd number of sportsmen and writers on sport visited Cnbhain P.trk to see two stud horses of tho great Musket lino which have recent'y come frotu Australia to bo placed under JUr, Wiilianj Allison's care aad niaimgcd at liis absolute direction on behalf of tho owners. Oho named Trenton (says an English writer) is a son of Musket, who went out to tho colony aftor his turf career in England, leaving but a single son here to represent him. Since then others of hia progeny have been brought back, but it ib to Australia that owners still look for fresh infusions of the blood which is more valued now than when Muaket was allowed to emigrate. Trenton's companion on the voyage home was Carnage, grandson of Musket, md inheritor of tho Whalebone blood through an illustrious ancestry to several lines. It would be difficult to find thoroughbred horses whoso pedi zrees aro fuller of Bfcoufc 'running strains than rrenton's or Carnage's, and yet thoy are so differ ent in type from their near relation Petronel— tho inly son of Musket born in Eugland-that it is difficult to bclievo they sprang from the same or tindred stock. When Petronel, Trenton and Car lago were seen together in Cobham Paddocks on February 13, the black, who carried thu Duke of Beaufort's colours to victory for the Two Thousand 3uineas and Doncaster Cup in memor.iblo years, ooked far more shapely and muscular than either ,f the Australian?, although he is now 19 years old. Some allowance must be made for the fact that Crenton and Carnage are a little out of condition ifter their long voyage, but the i-ffects of climato u developing different characteristics wi'l always -o very marked, and English eyes must grow tecuetomed to these differences before they can ippreciate fully the merits of Trenton, whose leficiency in girth round tho heart might bo taken ;o indicate lack of endurance had he uofc proved his itaving powers over all distances from Bis furlongB ;o three miles. Carnage, on the contrary, has imple depth of chest, but his quarters are of the e Waler' type, to which fastidious critics ;ake exception. Yet he won the Victoria Dtirbv ia tho fastest time on record. A treat authority once said that '* horseB race in all 'hapes,' and those who are wise will attach much nore importance to constitutions, good shoulders, vell-formed feet, sinewy limbB of great substance, md other qualities for which these well-bred iVustralian horses aro distinguished than to the joints of symmetry about which the experts or lifferent countries never agree. When 1 ronton md Carnage have put on the hard muscular flesh ;hat was lost in tho voyage from Melbourne, visitors to Cobham Park will be better able to ippreciate the undeniable quality of Musket s son md tbe powerful action that Carnage displayed as i three-year-old in bis groat race over the Mel bourne course. For length of stride as they walked ihe Cobham paddocks with Petronel, Prince Rudolph, Sorcerer, Bushey Park, and Son of a Gun, ;he two Australians showed well, and Trenton's free action was especially admired. Both horses have been given certificates of sound health by Sir Henry Simpson. They need no expert to testify Lheir freedom from vico, for a child might handle jither of them with impunity. The race meeting at Wallsend on Monday waB a thoroughly enjoyable one, but tho attendance was nothing like what I have seen assembled on the old course ten or twelve years ago, and I am afraid those good old days have vanished never to return, at least in the coaly districts. A remark able feature of the reunion was the small number of bookmakers that put in an appearance in the yard, the great majority of City Tattersall's men preferring to wage war with the public at Rand wick. Money was not at all plentiful, and there was an air of subdueS attention pervading the people, which was occasioned by the uncertainty which exists with reference to the mining mis understanding. In conversation with some of the leading men they all expressed a fer vent hope that matters would not be carried to the extreme, atid as they explain that neither side is prepared for a strike they ore hope ful that fche breach between masters and men will yet be closed. The feature of the gathering waB the excellent form shown by Tom, a well grown and rather stylish gelding by Invader from Marian by Maribyrnong from Young Zoe (dnm of Wands worth and Parthenia), by Yattendon from Monica, by Sir Patrick, and so on back to great old Cornelia. Tom, who was turned out in rare form by Cush, did not finish kindly in the Flying Handicap, which many people thought he had won, although Mr. Abel placed him behind Gerty and old Brolga. The winner is by Splendor out of Maggie Moore, a good performer a few seasons back. The New castle eontiagent were very sweet on Cuuntess prior to the race, and they averred that the daughter of Afghanistan could not lose, but she entirely failed to stay, and I am afraid that the old mare is not improving with age. Only Royal and Duckenfield ran for the Selling Race, and the old grey son of Lecturer had an easy contract on. When submitted for sale afterwards there was a bit of a duel between Mr. Stewart, who owned him, and Mr. John Renfrew, another local disciple of Vulcan, and the latter lasting the longest became the pur chaser at £22. Mr. Stewart was so annoyed at losing his pet, that he pulled off the bridle and let the gelding go loose until his new possessor tied a handkerchief round the animal's neck. However, Mr. Renfrew eould not have wanted Royal very badly, as after the Hack Race, which he won easily, he let the horse go back to Mr. Stewart for £16, which was what Dick Swiveller of immortal memory would describe as a bit of a staggerer E.K. was in most demand for the Town Plate, aad the old fellow looked better than I have ever I seen him, but I fancy that Jimtay Jewel has been too kind to him of late, and that he was short of a gallop or two, for ho collapsed in the straight when he waB asked to get home under pressure, and Tom beat him easily by two lenghts, Luck being third, and Lyoness last. Julius, who ran away with the Borough Handicap, is a good looking but very disappointing son of July, and if I owned him I would give him a trial over timber. Tom was favourite for the Welter, and he had no trouble in downing Lyoness and Luck. After the race the stewards asked John Roarty, the trainer of Lyoness, for an explanation of the mare's inconsistent run ning, bufc as he showed thafc he had backed her on the first occasion, when she ran -wretchedly, he came out of the enquiry with an unsullied character. As the two selling races resulted in a profit of £13 and the privileges brought fair prices the meeting should have been a fairly profitable one for the Club. What promises to be a most successful meeting waB inaugurated on Saturday at Randwick, and the attendance on the opening day was one of the best seen for years. The weather was beautiful, aud the racing excellent, the finish for the St. Lsger being a very exciting one. HCb Excellency Lord Hampden was present, and prominent racing men from the Victorian side were also present in great force. Racing began with tho Hurdle Race, and the betting showed a slight preference for ITamo and Llena. Raillery fell, and Namo got tid of M'Mahon. Most of the running was made by the winner, Lsslie, though Llena was making up ground very fast when she struck the last obstacle very heavily, and spoiled her chance, being only able to get third. Considerable interest waa taken in the Autumn Stakes, weight for age, 'for which half-a-dozen stripped. Dela ware waa favourite at first, but a rush on Valiant brought him equal with Delaware at 3 to 1. Delaware took the lead from the three furlongs.. When opposite the Leger stand Valiant challeugod Delaware and aEter a great set ?to tbe eon of Trenton— Genesta beat Antjua'a son by a head, Aomena another head away. Backers laid 2 to 1 on Fucile for the Two-year-old Maiden Stakes, but they were not delighted when thoy saw Mr. Hordern's gelding Snapshot running Fucile such a hard race right up to the post, which tho latter reached a head to the good. The winner is by Carbine — Venice. Thero were twenty-one starters in tho Doncaster Handicap, Albecore being favourite at 6 to 1, with Response and Patrona at a pm'nt longer. A lot of others were well backed. Courallie, who had ruled favourite in tho betting for a time aftor the weights appeared, was quoted at 12 to 1. He got away well when tho barrier rose, and occupied a good position just behind Albecore when they turned into the straight. At the end of the Leger stand, Courallie shot out, and never giving the others a chance, won by three lengths in lmin. 40i.-!ees., being followed by True Blue* and Raaponse. Tho St. Leger was looked upon (is the best of good things for Wallace, but backers who laid S to 2 on the son of Carbine — Melodious got a great Bhock. When only fifty yards from tho post Cabin Boy led Wallace, and ifc was only the latter's game n»s* thafc pulled what looked a forlorn hope out of tho fire j he eaught Cabin Boy a few strides off the post, and won by half-a-lengtb. Tbe Merry Boy was a length behind Cabin Boy, and The Skipper and Fort were a length and a half further away. The High- Weight Handicap was tho last 1 race, and backers were content to take 2 to 1 about Little Agnes, and the daughter of Trenton — Dame Agnes won easily by two lengths. People had begun to tell one another, after the race for j tha St. Leger, that Wul'ace was uo5 nearly I so good a colt aa was generally imagined or ho would have beaten Cabin Boy with much more ease I than he did, but the chestnut'a detractors spoke ] altogether too soon, as he ran like a brilliant race- I horse in the Cup on Monday and won handily. ' Wallace is anything bufc a generous horse and would J be satisfied to make a race of ifc with a donkey. There was nothing about the time for the Sfc. ! Leger to go into ecstaciea over, but it is very probable that if Cabin Boy had 1 un seconds faster he would still have had tu play second fiddle to Mr. Wilson's colt. What a good thing Cuurallie had on in the Doncaster was proved yesterday in the Flying Handicap, when the son of Gemma di Vergy and Honeymoon cairied 103t. and beat the' uuluoky Dora by a head, with Aurea third. Patiooa, who secured the Maiden Stakes for tho Hon. W. A. Long, comes from a great family, as she is own Bister to Ruenalf, Patron, and Patronaas, aud she had no difficulty in downing The Merry Boy and Ilchesfcer. Dan O'Brien, who owns the latter, seems destined to nevor again win another r act'. The Btruggle for tho Champagne Stakes waa not a keen one, and the result was a considerable suprise. 7 to 4 was laid on Newhaven, bufc the Victorian colt had not the Bliglitest chance with Coil, who made light of his heavy burden, and eaaily deFeated Gozoczav and tho favourite in slow timo. Twenty-two horses saddled up for tho Sydney Cup, the admirers of Wallace taking 3 to 1 about hitU; Toreador, A.omen^, and Damien being a-li heavily supported. Iu the inte rests of Wallace, fche greater portion of the runnint' was made by Tientham, and when the St. Albuci's crack put in iiis claim in tho straight,, lie had no trouble in leaving bis field and winipng by nearly a length from Toreador, who liuished at a groat rate, whilst rreutham was a good thiid, and t.h-n followed Response, The Skipper, and Valiant, Malachite . being last. The timo was 3.31, exactly the same us Wallace s sire Carbine occupied in winning his Syd pup sevon years ago. The race was .'suiblish-d in 1806, when tho nevei -to-be- forgotten Yatr.eud.m did the trick for Mr. M'Evilly. Then Fishlioik eurri d fua «l'i? rose aml blBck liv0ry hoino in safety, and the following years saw Tiia Barb lollop home before fields of eleven nnd sixteen runmtw. Whi-n the black demon won for ' Honest John ' in '(i-) he carried the steadier of lOst, 8lb., the ligt-esfc burden over a candidate was called upon to hum'ji. tvoi.lo commenced about this time to ask if Thu Rarb an I his relatives were inviueiblc, for hia sifter Rarlv.d'o won the Cup in 1870. The race haa been won mi twelve occasions each by three-year-old* and f- n. year-olds, and it remains to the credit of.('o'bii.« aud hia son Wallace to have carried the l.i ^est weights of the junior contingent, whilst their d7urs -£eV°? u°Q improved UP'D- The race for TtfQ ,fay Black tracker from tW, ;» ' „0li B^hmat), was much closer than is generally _ the case in such events, and sport closed with the victory of Cydnus in the First, Nursery, the son of Trenton and Hyp-itia (dam of Boz) winning comfortably from Le Nonl and the consistent Sayles. fn Oydmu Mr. Wibon has a colt tnat may have a chance in next yeat's Derby, i 