STHE HYSTERY OF GI E1VELLS. ' Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people in-this age believing in such utter nonsense ! It is too ridiculous !' There was scorn in Miss Rothbby's voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, Charley King, a young civil engineer, was amused, judging by the smile that came and went before he made answer, in a half- soothing, half apologetic tone- ' Ah, now, don't you think you are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idiosyncrasy ? You know a belief in which one is born and brought up is a part ot his very nature, accepted in most cases without question or reasoning. A few of our old men, I think, claim to have seen and heard something very extraordinary in the Glen years ago- before my time; as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen have ever been there ; we simply ignore the place.' ' That is exactly what I supposed,' returned Miss Rotlisby, triumihantly. ' Those antediluvians who sit, rain or shine, in front bf hotels and saloons, tell their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe.' 'Perhaps you are right; but that does not alter the fact that the Glen bears an evil reputation, and we are all familiar with the blood-curdling stories of deeds said to have happened there.' 'It seems to me they can eas:ly be explained. Doubtless when this country was new the Glen was the rendezvous for ruffians and outlaws ; secluded, almost inacessible for those who met there to he surprised. To doubly secure themselves they cir culated horrible tales, raised a few ghosts, and made occasions to impose them upon the credulous early settlers. There is the case in a nutshell.' Charley shook his head in a doubtful way that irritated the pretty philoso pher. 'Very well put, Miss Rothsby ; but there are certain things-' 'Nonsense !' she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, 'I know you are going to say something stupid and old-fashioned, and I will not permit it. The robbers are dust long ago, and the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may be sure ; yet have you all, for such a palpa'ile imposture, buried in oblivion the most romantic and beautiful spot on earth. Fie upon you, young men, to let such a state of things continua !' ' But what can we do about it ? We were taught to respect the opinion of our elders, and have'done so.' ' That's all very well; but respect can be carried too far.' ' Well, what do you suggest?' asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. 'That the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymakers, and the spell will be broken. Once known it will become famous, so that people will curre from far and near to see it.' 'It nay be all just as you say,' responded the young man. 'But you forget the flowers. .You told me that on the first day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower became white. How do you account for that ?' 'I don't try to account for it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a red luid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and incomprehensible. It is absurd to be affected by a phenomenon just because one doesn't understand it.' 'Nevertheless, I think the flowers are the greatest objection to our pro ject. Their peculiarity seems un wholesome, to say the least.' ' I suppose so-and it is such a pity ? You cannot think how I have set my heart on this picnic in the Glen. Imagine the effect of one or two hundred lanterns. There is not a thing I could wish changed.' ' Except the flowers.' ' Except the flowers. I wish they would disappear for that one evening. Do you think we can persuade the others ?' 'We'll try; the idea will be quite startling, however. We shall meet I with much more opposition from the parents than froi the young folks, and if we hasten matters it will leave less time for talc. Friday will be the ' harvest moon,' why not have it then ?' ' Just the thing ! Do you suppose Blarney and his harpers will go ?' 'No, indeed, nor any oth er musicians in Ellendale. We'll have to forego dancing.' ' A moonlight picnic without danc ing? Preposterous ! If the harpers will not yield to my powers of persuasion, papa must furnish the music; he knows all about the Glen, Sand will be glad to help us.' SI will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the papas and mammas, aunts and uncles, who declare they have heard unaccountable sounds issue fro-a the Glen. You will need thema all, and wish for more before we successfully lay the ghost. Ah ! here come Letty and Tom Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Annie behind them. Good! Now we can begin the attack.' Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five years' absence in distant lands. Among .is fellows there none hid a higher reputation th n h.' for thiose qudities which men as well as women most admire. It was not strange that pretty Miss Rolthsby, whom he found visiting his sister, an old schoolmate, shlould find him particularly attractive, and ihe, for his part, had declared to himself, after the mannuer of men hard hit at first sight, that it should be Miss Rothsby or no one. About a mile from Ellenlale was the haunted glen of whlich they had been speaking, marvellously beautiful and picturesque. Miss Rothaby h~d spent manry an hour there, for her friend and hostess was an important personage in household and parish matters, and there were times when the visitor must entertain herself. As she was a good walker she loon knew the country for miles around better than most of the young women born and bred in the town, and discovered the beautiful and secluded spot which bore so had a reputation. ' Better not go there again, Miss Rothaby,' her host.asid'to her when she spoke of her exzedition at the dinner table, and wondered that so charming i a place was so little known. ' It is humiliating to admit that we are the victims of superstition, but everyone in the community believes that the Glen is haunted.' ' -' Then, ,a I should immensely enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghost I shall umke it a point to go' so'on again,' lauthed the young lady. * I hope: not,' said Mr. King, gr vely, *for I feel deeply upon this sublject. You, of course, noticed the o:.k, tree that liides the pathway I It was planted when I was a boy. A dreadful thing had happened there just before, though I cannot say positively there was any thing supernatural about it.' SWhat was it I' asked Miss Rothaby, cait ously. 'Tell me all the story, please.' ' I can only tell you wLat I know. An odd-looking foreigner passed through the town and disappeared in the Glen. That night a shock as of earthquake was felt, and people who pass near the forest hear strange otn earthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks were repeated. The mtan was never seen again, and it was sup posed that he was murdered.' * Oh I and is that all 1' asked Miss Rothaby, in a disappointed tone '.The ..authorities considered it elough, and resolved to render the Glen as i·nacssittle as possible. For aught I know, yours is ,the tirst foot that has stepped within it for forty years.' ' I must say, then, that you have lost more than you can imagine, and I shall try to atone for your neglect of the loyliest spot on earth.' So answered the wilful heauty; and to the Glen she .went thereafter as often as opportunity allowed, declaring to herself, as she sat upon the green award drinking in the beauty of her surtoundings, that it . was enchanted ground, and that she was under the magic spell.- When Charley King came he wa= a willing escort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it matter where they. wentl The picnic by moonlight had been a long.ed-itslkad of plan among the young people of the village. The ePleclioni of tte place was left to these two visitors and they had chosen the haunted glen. i Friday was the night appointed. Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, I but no one had the courage to refuse save the musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous I offers, and could not be persuaded to 'risk their lives, reason, and in st:ooments by gon' to the hants of the devil hisself' nio Mr. Rothaby supplied Sthe music, giving the men he sent from f tle .city instructions to tender any assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to arrange and light the immense number of Chinese lante ns he consigned to them without the know ledge of the party. Ilis p!au worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed by tales not conducive to steady hands, they were met at the ttsin and' directed to the Glen, with st.:ict injunctions not to pluck so much I as a blade of grass. The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors here t and there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out fellowed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at them from behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway and the sweet perfume of the forest pervaded the air as their light feet pressed the carpet of fine needles, the jest died a away, the laughter ceased, and their voices had a hollow sound. Fear t seized upon them; each had a strong a desire to turn hack, but shrlnk from t the ridicule of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low voiers they talked of little matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Glen hurst upon their view 'aill other thouthts w'ere dispelled, and the ground ? less terror made them doubly merry. SlHunidreds of lanterns gleamed faintly in the fading twili4ht from the trees u and vines on either side, and the grand old oak which barred the entrance was fairly covered with them. The first glimpse of the fair "queen of the o night," as her silvery disc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for asong, half chant, half roundelay, that had been composed for the occasion, and as the young people stood in the pride and t strength of their youth, their faces op turned, their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day with melody, one saold h'se'" said, ' Wise Miss Rothaby ! Surely no restless, unholy spirits can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voices must exercise them for ever more. Scarcely speaking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from spot to spot sn an ecstacy of delight. SEspecially did sle flowers that glearned so red upon the ground attract them; but Miss Rothsby had exaggerated the stain they made that they might ie left untouched. She felt now that some natural explanatian could be given of their unpleasant peculiarity, butdreaded it's effect upon weaknerves, so wisely advised her companions to beware of them. She learned from the musicans that her father had intended comis.g on the Ssame train with themr, but being detained at the last minute, he would take the next one, and be with th'me befose the evening was over ; so as her light feet kept time to a favourite waltz, and a face she much aPproved was very near to hers, she thought her cup of earthly bliss wasee nearly full. There was to bte dancing until nine o'clock when supper wotild be served, and afterwards more dancing if they chose; but the parentsjhad insisted that the young folks should be at home by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had' promised for them by virtue of her chaperonage. The'cimp fire was lighted on a great Sflatatone near the oak tree, and to show its good fellowship crackled in a Scheerful way while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches I of the pines away up the sides of the Glen. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was I spread, the fragrant aroma of the coffee Sproalsimed the last thing ready, and I Mr King, as master of the ceremonies, was ashout giving the signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly throughout the place there came a soft I silery sound like the tone of a clock striking thle hour of nine. The dancers paubing in their giddy whirl, looked at I each other and said. ' What a pretty devise of Miss Rothbaby's !' but even as they spoke the e.srth seemed to tremble beneath their feet, while a lurid, unearthly glow lit up with appalling distinctaness every object in the Glen, to the very top of the beetling ledge above them. With a discordant,, jarring sound thee music stopped. Hearts beat fast; cheeks grew..wbite ; the sounds died away. I What is it I What does it mean ' everybody was asking. Charley King made answer, although he could not quite cointrol the tremoi in his voice. ' It must hise been a slight shock of earthquake or some electrical dis turbance. I hai' seei most wonder ful'phenomena in my time. Part ly.reassured the musiciansweint back to their sta?nd and the company sat ,l,.vn to table, but it was in vain they strove to speak naturally, or to ret. Their voices were thick, their hanids trembled, their hearts heat pain fully quick nrid loud. After a few moments Mrs. Gray, smi!ing faintly, said 'Mly frienrds, I fear I have taken cold in this beautiful but moist place. I propose that we adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to a good night waltz at my house I' Before an answer could be given again there sounded throughoit the Glen the faint low chime, so awfully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all startea to.their feet. Suddenly r yell of, human agony stifled and seeming to come from beneath them, reached their ears, and a rocky door in the cliff swung back, revealing a cavern filled with light; but brighter than the light about it was a hu.,man form wrapped in flame that sprang out of it and fell upon the green sward. Here was something tangible, and Charley King +siftly Jed the way towarids this new horroir. Too late I 'the form lay still, the voice was silent, and the flames were masters at last of him who had so long been their master. Exorcised were the ghosts for ever, harmless wasthe subterranean chamber filled with unlmeanting apparatus and curious chemicals to those who found them, foi the evil genius was dead. For years the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had found, at last, her very greatest death. 