THE WEEK IN THE SOUTH. CL-EQbl OTJlt OWN COUUKSPQN&LKT.;) 3?OBAI1T, Tuuusdav.— At the lust mect ingtottjib Gity Council Alderman Scubrook dre~frsrftantfoii to'onc tof the common b-Ati h»bit£ ol the youth of llobarL Be bad noticed in Lib walki abroad that nearly every man and boy he met was continually ?pitting. Ho informed bis brother aldetmen that the young fellown who frequent the street corners have salivary glands which »te apparently in incessant action, anil they distribute the excretions en the footpaths with impartial Hbcralltv. a good deal of this was wipqd up by the dresBcs d the up-to-date women, come of whom appear to regard footpath Ecavenging fie part of their duty. But a good deal more of the expectorated matter ifl not bo disposal of. It is rapidly dried, po experts Bay, in the summer season, and in this way it soon bc comen dust and is inhaled, and convoys all aorta of disease into the body. Mr Sea brook ie determined to put a stop to tbc practice of expectorating on iooip.iibe, onJ the hard-worked'policoman will Gnd that he has another duty to perform when he aeee* fcnot of manly forms Irving to en circle themselves with a ring of expectora tions. The charity orgariiBafcionB here are few, and they &re; not having a particularly cheerful time oi it at present, fhc Govern ment of tbe day are engaged iu the un thankful task oE putting the finances of the rviunVrv «frwnf*lit. »nil nnp nf ihnir «jp-iPirif'H ie to put what the Premier terma a bnad on relief works. Thu simply places the burden of maintaining wbut is known in Australia as the 'dead ? beater' on someone. The 'dead-beater' is a peculiar specimen of the genva homo. He is alwaya needing work, and there is an extreme diffi culty in providing suitable employment lor . him. No one knows this better than the chairman of the Hobart Benevolent Society, All his official troubles are due to 'dead- beaters.' These wonhic-e alwa:a know what people give for charitable purposes, and when the society is not getting a turn that body believes that the ' dead-beater ' is out on what ha calla ' his professional It is s serious liiiag to have to write year after year upon city pauperism, Ii ie, how ever, here, u.ud, like the income Us, it haB come to Btfty. Take the last weekly return of the BLncvolent Society. Fourteen hun dred moaths eating the bread of city charity. This ifl truly a prettv state of thin pa to exist in a small city like this. Facts and figures are before one to bear these statements out. and these facts and figures are undeniable. The ''Society' do all they can. but the steady strain of pauperism against their monetary harriers ii making its power felt. Every day the defences are getting weaker and general public are aroused io the fact that something u required to be done to raise the benevolent siege, tbe citadel will be taken and trouble enBue. One quite recognises the fact that the charity problem is a bard one to grapple with. It is only those who hare made it a life-long study, and are cognisant with the practical work of relieving the poor, who can stand up on their legs and give definite opinions on the subject of maintaining the destitute, Tbr- present system in Tasmania of dealing with the professional loiter Is far ing all classes of the poor is jinsatUfactory, both to the poor themselves, and the public who contribute to the charities. The diffi culty in distinguishing between bad and genuine cases of poverty is another fitnm bling block, anW, in the mistakes that occur, in nine cases ont of ten. the undeserving profit *t the expense of the deserving. Hobart is the happy bunting ground for the professional cadger, or, to put it in more homely language, 'the professedly desti tute.' There is a certain section of tbe com munity here who will not put their shoulder to the wheel, and th.gix heart in basest labor. They harass the good and easy, and impose on those who now and then-indulge in flows of cheap generosity. Sir Edward Braddou was not slow to ^perceive jthis when the recent deputation from a charity organisa tion waited upon him. ' Bo you mean to say,' said he, ' that all the people in the plaoe are stone broke ? ' ' No,' was the reply. ' No, I should think not,' exclaimed the aatofce Premier, ' why, if ft circas was to come here to-morrow you would see it packed. That don't look like poverty.' Poverty, one admits, is no crime, but when people throw self-reliance to the winds and choose to beg iu preference to obtaining honest em ployment, they must not throw up their heels if enguiries are made iuto their actual ciicumBtauces, -and a check is placed npou their undesirable action. A sort of poor relief fund is now under way In the city, stimulated by pers3as who find some pleasure in contributing to the wants of their fellow creatures who are not so well provided with the comforts of this life as they arc. Now there is no charity in raising a fond to give e cer'aia number of people a cheap feed. ' Tiie treats to tbe poor' recently givea in this city showed the mistake made bv the given. They meddled with things that they knew absolutely nothing about. The recipients of their bounty gorged themselves with the eatables for the time being, and were jastas hungry next morning, others took the clothcB and blankets provided for them. The next day these found their way to that mysterious is raised in the manner one has described it should be handed over to tbe charity working societies, who know the ways and circumstances of the indigent population. There is no fear of it being wrongly appliei. The recipients will take good care of that. To attempt to improve the condition of the poor in Hobart is a hopelesB task. One may Alleviate some of the misery . Beyond this. nothing. One of the,offioialfl in a public office had a little bit of a fright thiB week. He was fait of the ghost business, and he had laid a wager with one of his friends to lay the ghost. He .did e, couple of 'all-nighters' on Bt. George's Hill, and ou the third evening he uw a white figure flit from one house to another about 200 yarie off. He got on the trail and r»n up against a personal friend, who was enveloped in a white counterpane, underneath which were a pair of blankets. 'What's tbe meaning of tbifl?' asked the apparition-searcher. ' I'm shifting,' said the friend. 'The landlord is full op, so he promised me the inevit able man in poeseuB\on to-morrow. I'm going to give him a run for his money : bnt yon had better get home, us here comes the missus with one of the palllass-.B.' There is * lot more of the utilitarian in the ghost business than appears to the casual eye. For the next eix months one must espect to deal with local noJjHrtc, Parliament opened on Tuesday. Ipf wsb a \iserabtt* day. The rain poured in torrehi^M^the military heroes who figured iu tbe guard of honor looked as mad as wet henB. The police were % Httle betteT off. They had cap?s on, and ft is but reasonable to suppose that they made a nobbier, or two suffer after. Bis Brcellency had'delivcred biespe'cb. There was a s mailing ten « in the Oh&mber;, and the few who'dia turn up to bear what Lord Cormanston had to say 'about future pros pects seemed .thankful when the function was over, A new side-light to the tout ensemble ot the Chamber was Harry Packer, who had been recently appointed1 to the position of the ' Black Bod.' In the old, old days, 'Black Bod'1 was %n &wfnl;# sool inspiring, mejfjtic person age. Harry rubbei all the gloom and majesty of the office off in out; act without in »ay way impairing the dignity of his position, 'The manner iu which he nn Aoanced His Uacellecc won him golden opinions in the eytB of the fair sex, and when he shepherded the Aesembly members into tbe Obamb?r a buzz of approval rippled round the walls. Anyone who imagined that Mr Packer would drop a Uttle short of the position is miles out. to put it in 'the worde of one of hifi warmest friends who waB present, « He was eighteen carat.*' Constant Re&deT; : 'Hello! I see you've got ParkeeTn1 again 'Hub week, Why don't you give him a1 rest ; he's done, isn't he ?' Our Artist : ' Oh, job, he may be done ; but, ? you see, Parkes has become a sort of vicious habit with me. 1 .acquired it when a child, and I'm too^ld to leave it off now. It's far WOno thftn'ttrtnV* ? 