COURSING. CouKsj n<; men will remember that grand grej'- houud, Siesta, who, besides winning innumerable stakes in the very best of company, ran up to Rhodanthe for the Waterloo Cup. The daughter of Brigadier and Hilda last week paid the debt of nature, and must have been something like fifteen or sixteen years old at the time of her decease. A nor. named The Ghost ran so vety l,arj]v during the meeiing at Benalla last week that Mr Fred. Kenyon laid a substantial wager to The Ghost's owner that the dog will never during his career win a couple of courses in any one public stake. A hazardous vpager, considering The Ghost is only a puppy. As I was the only metropolitan journalist at the Benalla Waterloo Cup last week, ic behoves me to write a few words on the time-honoured contest. The attendance was anything but good, although the Plumpton authorities only charge a shilling for admisi-ion, and moreover the weather was of a beautiful spring like character. On the first day of the meeting no less than ,13 courses were decided and on the second 51 hares were coursed, so that we had plenty of fun for our money. In the majority of courses hares ran very stoutly, and were alto", gether too pood for their long.tailed pursuers. Mr. Tom Chadwick got through the judging n-ost admirably, although he had several pretty close things io decide, and therefore it itands to reason that his verdicts were not received with unanimous dissatisfaction, hut personally, I who have been coursing pretty well all my life' only disagreed with him in the course between Ruby and Confidence, as I thought the former had easily wipf d out the opening points of the Bathurst Derby winner. The deciding course betweeu Waterhcn diul Confidence was ub.o Ihc subject of much contention, but 1 t'-.oroughlv agreed with the judge--allhough I had 2(1 to I about Confidence—as I judged the course and made Waterhen two and a half points to the good, whiM Mr. Chariwiuk himself made her two points ahea'i of her spredicr antagonist. Harry liyrne was in great form with the slips and could not have been improved upon, delivering his dogs as if they ueie one, and throughout having his slip of a uniform length. Tin; feature of the first round was the mn iiininf the Champion winner Happy Jack and Bloonifr. Each one alternately led in 1 he run-up, hut Hearing her snut liloomer put on a terrific buim r.f fpeed and led her opponent by a ccuple of lengtliR, the dog throwing away whatever chance he had by coming a heavy cropper. Til ERE was nothiog worthy of Epecial coniincv.t in the first ties, i-ut in the second some very warm favourites fell, and great was the excitement whiu Confidence was seen to lead Bloomer three lengths, a very short course being termiuated by I he too clever teeth of the wonderful bitch,who pu' herseil' out by killing too soon. Odds of no leFs than Kilo 1 weie laid ou her for this coursc. In the thinl ties Waterhen was terribly lucky in her eourec wuh WaFp, as after the latter had gained the initini point the judi>e rode across her, giving the black ])os^essien, and as Wasp rushed as much as Wa(erheD worked cloEely and steadily, the verdict was for Mr. Pearson's puppy. Tiik fourth ties saw Confidence get off veir luckily, as he only had about a couple of hundred yards to run to an undecided hare, when lie ran iuio her and beat Hazel pretty well pointier. Waterhen ran a Bterling course with her kennel companion Herculc-s, aud it shows what kind of stamina she possesses when I 6ay tlr.t flic badly beat the fresh dog. The final course was of a moEt exciting character, Confidence getting to his hare a length and a-ha f in advance of Waterhen aud scored the first wrench, but lu re tlic puppy became extremely busy, i coring a nice sequence of five wrenchcB, when two equal enchanges took place, the bitch dashing n.iu hti game a cleier and meritoiious winner, Watkmien, by Blackbird—The Witch, bv 51macer—Magic, IR a first seasou greyhound, ami WOE br<d by Messrf. Kelly and M'Gillicuddy, vim also bred Ulackbird, Lindsay Gordon. Goldsmith, Tennyson and a host of other celebrities. At auction she was knocked down to Mr. A. li. 1'earson for .'U guineas, and was considered a v,rnderfully cheap greyhound. Mr. Pearson has only been coursing the last two seasons, aud has been sucli a consistent supporter of the leash during that time that he was most heartily congratulated m his (success, which was very popular. Mr. Pearfon does not bet more than a sovereign or two, but courses for pure love of the sport, and indeed when the handkerchief went up, showing that Waterloo had won, Mr. Pearson said to me in a trembling tone, " I've now reached the goal of my ambition in winning the Waterloo Cup." Waterhen was trained by Walter MelroBe, who has now on no less than four occasions sect lo slips the winners of (be Waterloo Ci p, ilelfort, Rhodanthe, High Kent and Waterhen having been trained by him—a most notable feat indeed, and equalled only by Teddy Dent in England. Watkrukk is not an exceedingly fast greyhound, as she was led on no Usb than three occasions, but once " there " she is wonderfully clever am! selfish and fairly grod with her teeth, as she pulled doira three out of the six hares she coursed. Cokjmdekck, the runner-np, is a son of Harkaay's brother, Gameboy and Wcsteria, by Lanerost from Dinah. He possesses great pace, and is a ore than useful dog, but was in wretched conition for such a contest, as he started so big that lie wasted away to nothing for the final, and I'm ure I know not what would have become of bini ad not Tom White have gone to his owner's ssistance after the first day's coursing. After the eeting Confidence was sold to Mr. F. D. Kenyon or JE10, a remarkably cheap dog. 