SOME CURIOUS WILLS. In the Museum at Bristol is to be seen one of; ! the most remarkable documents on record, the! i last will and testament of ThomaB Chattertou,' the unfortunate boy poet of that city. The; will is closely written on parchment, and was, drawn up1 Shortly before the testator's tragic; death in a London garret. The following are; some of its items:—'I give all my vigor and, fire of youth to Mr. George Catcott, beiog sensible he ib most in want of it. From the same chatitable motive, I give and bequtath unto the Reverend Mr. Cumplin, senior, all my humility. To Mr. Burgam all my prosody and grammar ; likewise one moiety of my mo^eaty, the other moiety to any young lady who can prove, without blushing, that she wanta that valuable commodity. To Bristol, all my spirit and disinteresteduefs, parcels of poods un known on her quay since the days of Canning' and Rowley.' Somewhat after the same style was the will of Derrick, who succeeded Beau nash as Master of the Ceremonies at bi. th, i Among other legacies, this individual le*. queathed ' My ghost to the inhabitants of Cock Lane; and to Doctor S J the power of laying it by the pressure of his stupendous dictionary.' It is related of Ser geant Maynard, who flourished in the reign of George iii., that he deliberately worded his will in Buch a manner that several legal questions which had vexed him in hi-i lifetime might be Bettled in Court after he was dead. The will of apother lawyer, Sir Jamea Stephen, is quite the reverse. It runs:—'This is my last will. I give all my property to my wife, whom I appoint sole executrix.' The fifth. Earl of Pembroke, who lived towards the close of the seventeenth century, said in the course of his will, 1 as for in}7 sou!, I do conf' ss I have often heard men speak of thesoul, but-that may be these same souls, or where their destination, I know not. When the King was reigning i did follow the religion of my master ; then came the Scottish, who made me a Presbyterian ; but since the time of Cromwell I have become an Independent. Ihese are, melhinkf, the thr:c principal religions of the kingdom ; if any one of the three can save a.soul,. to that I cl>im to belong. If, iherefore, my executois can find my soul, 1 desire they will return it to Him who gave it to me.' Two hundred years ago a fi rmer Earl of Stafford married the daughter of s, certain Count de Grammont-: This lady turned out to be a vixen, so much so that in his will the eirl expressed himself in these terms I leave to'the very worst of women, who is guilty of everytliirg that is bad, the daughter of M. Grarnmout, a Frenchman, whom I have unfor tuuately married, forty five brass halfpence, with which to buy a pullet for supper, a greater sum-than her father can often give her, he biing the worst of men, and his wife the worst of women. Iludl only known'their characters. I had never married thtic daughter, nor made myself so unhappy.' i cycling ix Health and Diskask — An article in the " British Medical Journal," evi dently written by an experienced syclist, says that the evil effects which have for so long been .ittributed to ' vibration' are really due to fatigue, and that, although on the intro duction of the pneumatic tyro there was an almost universal consensus of opinion that it had ' killed vibration,' the truth is that the freedom from i!l effects which has followed the use of tho air tyro depends on the in creased ease of propulsion and consequent diminution of exertion rather than or. de creased shaking. If the tyres of a modern bicycle be properly blown up so as to produce | the best possible results, the direct vibration is just as mush as was common with a solid tyred machine. The modern machine is ' easier to drive, and thus much less body waste | is produced, and it is to this fact that tho ! disappearance of many .unpleasant sensations! ig.(jue,_and not to the lessening of concussion due to inequalities of the surface ridden over. Lord Bbaconsfield's Tacituksitv. —Lord! Beaconsfield paid his first and .only , visit toj Lcngleatji.th.e.Beat of.the'Bathp, in.1875, and' Lord Bath afterwards said .that he was ? the; dullest guest he ever had in hjo house ; he} hardly ever .spoke.1 Lord BeaoonfieJd was: givsn to fits of taciturnity, and, although he; ■ could be very agreeable when in the humor, lie needed the - stimulus of . congenial com-! .panionship,.. One of those who heard Lord; Bath's remark on; tho §Uence of his distin-j guished guest 'was the famous 'Dicky'] Dovle; Dr. Coniiri Doyle's uncle.i ' i believe,'-he said,'' that-.tftllcing was always: ' nioreior lesa of an effort to Disraeli; and, in-i .deed, lie onco told me as imi'ch.' ' 1 Circum-i stances,'he said,.' 'nave'f6rced me to talk ai great deal, but-Nature intended me to be a; silent man.'J 