. ^i^; o! ífoie tóaa»ja¿> Digmondf,w /'h; ^?After' Long Yean,» '"^Letter ^ \j j^er,*' í.« He and She;" ftc. ^ ? ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. [ÉOR THB Mum.] 'CHAPTER XXVIII. iEOBBRT'QETS HOLD OF THE GLUE. ;s Qpmsha#^ lite ; many others, had * learned wisdom by bi* first) failures., '.On a second expedition he not only ; enquired . aft the ordinary organised mining' and digging centres in and , round:Ballarat, bat he extended his, search far and wide among the outlying' .districts, often following -up the wrong : scanty and spending, days and weeks; in ¿ .useless searoh of the, man. who waa at that moment figuring as a social lion in-Melbourne, Bab the young engineer »had-the < patience - and perseverance ot a ! sleuth hound,. and was not - to be deterred from - bis task by any number, wof dü£oalbies¿ He was» naturally of a constant disposition, and .that which: had once presented itself to his mind : aari duty bound bim, to its fulfilment; .with a keen, sense of obligation. The .thought; of . Eulalie,- which' might be expected: to have a deterring influence, acted precisely the opposite way. He knew har better than she knew herself. ^He knew (that in loving Hardcastle she had loved ¡not, the real man, , but, an idéal who had never existed, - and be felt ture ;that« . iff she once - really saw ; him.in his true colors the glamor would »fall from her eyes and she would no longer;bei¡deceived. - What would- be i her fate - thenceforth, "bound by the irrevocable ,tie jof ? marriage to' i an ' Utterly uncongenial spouse he did not ! consider.. , Neither did he understand .that such knowledge, might mean for : .herthe entire shipwreck of--her life. At Daad Man's Flat he got the clue io'jMe hands, at last. r There he met \with ¿ne of the two men who had fallen into Canon Gally on the night of the great storm, . By an almost miraculous . chance these men had alighted, not on the rough^pointed rocks, which would most certainly have caused death or . terrible mutilation, but in a waterhole, where there was sufficient depth to break, their fall, and, although some what stunned by the concussion, the instincb of self-preservation caused them coi strike .out for the shelving bank, up which they managed to climb, and there,; dazed, confused, and dripping, waited for bhe storm to abate ^tmtâbà. ; sun. to rise, th<*b they might * return to the township. Fortunately they: had crawled put of the hole on the same side., that. they had come in, otherwise when the creek swelled to a 'great foaming torrent they may have found ib impossible to re cross it for hours- or even days. But as soon as 1 -the; son rose .they found the landslip, "<up' -which they painfully crawled, ?locking in vain for any trace of ' che -man and horse which bad passed that way a few hours, before, and whose "footprints' had been long since obliterated by the pitiless storm. " And did you find your way back «asily V asked Grimshaw, to whom the above account was given. ' ;n-V Ob, yes, bub ib was a weary tramp, .'. «and Wè wérè pretty well done up before " we"gót back to the camp, having eaten 'nothing for 24 hours or more, and wet, ? . íto;the skin; so' that when our clothes * ; 'began?to-dry' upon'ns we-were so stiff 1 -that we could scarcely move. My mate^gob the rheumatics that night, "V4ndsfië/h^.-nevert;beén'' free of them : since ; bub he bas'gone to Ballarat now ^' j^Wome stuff from thé ne« chemist. Impelímay;do him good, poor chap, ibuï'?I'-áóubV:'i¿'í'*''Thát rheumatics is an -awful thing, when it once gets hold of «chap; There's no getting rid of it .nohow." "v r ' ' "Very truei'^, said Grimshaw sym- pathetically, "and1 you think he got it '.tha^nigbtr ' J '.>, ; »? >tm /'.«*'. '.*/''Not a doubb ' of it.' The only '"wonder is that I am nob the-same or1 , ^ors^e. You see when that villain, fiarse him, told us to go rïght"on,'fwè ?did so boldly, the plain having been so : ' ßMciptii up to thab time that onie 'might haye walked on it blindfold, , ; and 'BO we literally walked over i the. precipice. Fritz was a step or two in advance. As he went over heinttered & cry, and I tried to save myself by' % myself back and makjng^a clut^^^ but it was all loosed and. ib fell away under my hands. '.' For one awful moment I ; felt myself 'iiailing, f;faU|ng., ^Ob,.;tbe ; :; horror of now, and wake All in a sweat. It was not very far really, but it Bèemed miles and miles; and the speed of it nearly, took away my breath, . and I' suppose it would have done 'so altogether if I had had much rfurtbei^ to ¿fall. -1 hadn't time to thiíík'pf ' anything j it passed in an instant, and then I struck the water; {' .For a few moment» I must have. been- really . unconscious ; but I am a good swimmer,.and I struck put frona sheer instinct, for the next thing T can remember was struggling in the water withFritz holding on to my leg like grim death. Of .course I Bbopk him ofi and made .him pnt bis arm on my shoulder,- and we soon scrambled out. It was only, a small Ebie, though very^ deep, and ib was that which saved ÜB. We had scarcely got . out when there was : a1 flash of lightning, and the rain began to fall in torrents. It was like a waterspout. I never saw such rain. If we had not been wet through before we should soon have been wet through then. It was also pitch dark, and the place waa so rough and strange that we did not know how tb get out of io without getting into more diffi- culties. It was not until the morning that we found out that it wás along narrow gully and saw a place where we could climb out. So we sat all night with the rain pouring upon us, only: moving when the creek rose and we saw the white, edge^ pf ; the torrent at our feet, and then we crept a little higher under the * edge bf the bank ; and if it had risen much more it must haye carriedf us away, ; for we: had: np strength left to fight against it. In the morning we were stiff and all our limbs ached. . But we could not stay; there. Fritz, Indeed, refused to budge, .and begged meto leave him to die; but, of course, I could not do that, and; as soon,as;it vwas light we crawled1 along and found our way out of that golly andr got back here. But,, as I said before, Fiitz has had the: rheumatics ever pince." "And the man who played yon the; triok-Hall. Have yon seen him Bincef . v. ? ' . "Never;- but I owe him one, and I mean to pay him one of these days." " You ihink; he sent you over the; clift on purpoöef " Of course I do. He said go straight: on ; we went on and fell like rats into à trap.. It's not. hie fault that we are either ot us alive at this moment, and nb doubt he. chinks that our bodies are rotting at the bottom of some water- hole in that hideous gally. How he'd start if he saw me again ; he'd think I was a ghost." "And how long is it since all this happened ?" " About two months." Grimshaw thought a few moments. " Shortly before that time," he said, " I was up in Ballarat asking for the whereabouts of this man Hall, or rather Hardoastle,'for that's bis real name. How waa it that I could not hear any- thing about him f ' "I suppose you didn't ask the right people, and I don't think Hall was ever at Ballarat. He came up from Mel- bourne witH a Yankee digger named Stubbs, who is a noted prospector and uncommonly, lucky, as he has made several good finds. Where he picked np Hall I don'b know, but we wera all surprised to find that he had got a new mate, and such a surly chap as Fall. They joined several others and were working here for several months, bnt the old fiat is patchy, and. a lot of the claims were duffers ; 'and Stubbs got restless and thought he ought to be doing some- thing'better, so: he began to leave the camp and wandert about prospecting. We knew what he was up to-looking for a new find, and we tried to track him ; but' he was too cute for us. j Then ope day . they broke up their ; camp, and gave out that some of them were going to Melbourne. Three .of them went, but the other three stayed on; and a night or two after they hooked it." ' «At night?" Yes, that made it more suspicious; and we made certain they had a good find somewhere; We knew that they must come back for tucker, and our cue was to watch for them round the store. So at last when Hall came in we were on the lookout, my mate and I, though of course we never 1 et on I to anyone what we were up to ; and when he left the township we followed him at a little distance. And that reminds me that just before they broke up their camp a man was here asking for one Hardoastle, Conrad Hardcastle I chink the name Waa !" "Yes, yes," cried Grimshaw. "Of course "we didn't know he meant Hall, bub I believe someone asked at their camp if they knew any- thing of him." "A near shave," remarked Grim- shaw. "Yes, but a miss is as good as a miie. Anyhow, we never suspected him. By the way, what do you want him for?" Bobera told, adding, " I have a long account to settle you see, and I mean that he shall pay me in fall." . " He's a rascal if ever there was one," returned the other, " and he ha<3 better not show his face' here again, 01 he will be lynched to a dead certainty. Men have been strung - up on thc nearest1 tree for much less." " Has he never come back hero foi more tucker ?" x " No, we've been always on the look out, but we've seen nothing of him." "Nor the Yankee that you spok< of¿ Stubbs ?" " Noi. nor him neither." " " That's Btrango. Perhaps som« accident has happsned to them. J must have a bunt round. I supposi you could Bhow me the gally you speil of." " Oh yes." They rode out to the curious canor which has been so often referred to ir this story, and the miner showet /Grimshaw the spob where he.and hil mate had fallen over, and when thej cautiously looked over the precipici they both wondered at tho . almost miraculous jescape..'Proceeding along the bank they ^çame to the landslip, and perceiving, that, it was the only spot for miles jround where the gully could be. entered, they rightly supposed that .this, waa the place where Hall had crossed it. " Yonder then lies our way," said Robert, pointing towards the low hills in the west. " Aad what is that ? I think I see the glint of water in the distance." " I can see nothing," said the other, shading his eyes with his band. "Yonder, just below those hills. How far off are they, do'you think? Twenty miles ?' . " More than double, I expect. Dis- tances are deceptive on these plains. I expect they are fully 40 miles, perhaps more." "Well, I shall go back to the town- ship, and get as much tucker, as you call it, as I can carry, and to morrow j I shall start at daybreak, and go straight for chose hills and search them thoroughly." "Alone?" "Why not ?" " Look here ! we're strangers, or we were a day or two ago; bat if we're not got the . same friends, we've the same enemy, and that's something. So, if you're willing, I'll come along and help you.. Two are better than one at that sort of work. The claim bas been doing a little better of late, and I've a few ounces, to the good, so I'll leave a message for my mate, and '8torta'with'''7oji,'^inorrow.' I know he'd come too ; but then his rheur matics are that bad that he wouldn't do much good. But I could easy get two or three to join us if you wish. ;Say, are you on ?" ? "I shall be glad to have you if you like to come, and I'll pay you wages if you cannot afford to give the time." ' "No, no, I couldn't take it. It will be better to me than a year's pay to meet that-scoundrel face to face, where no one could step in between us." ; GrimBhaw's eyes flashed sympatheti- cally. , . " So be it then, but remember I'm entitled to the first round. If he escapes me, you can try your hand." (To be continued on Saturday.) 