? The ladies of the Chute** Fionlenao bad invited their brother'* Jiancx [o make them a vi.it, in order to explain to her the sirangp shadow which hung ovei their house fur nearly r hundred ye*rs, and to whose bauefuf influence she muf become habituated when a member of the family. When they t saw Glotilde ehe so yi ling and t hey made up their ^ w.il uniil Gaspard himscl (beFreat hall fire, there was a gceet jingle of sic!glibells and tlie icmnd ol then that musical rlssli at the door wlrn h he stopping of lho turn-out hole landscape war bb light as day : Yet, instead of looking pleased or suepns*d, the ladies of the buuae sank back in thi-ir chairs, and, curcnog iheir facci with tbeirhuidi, murmured a prayer. L'lotilde, the little " Might it be. my friends, that it is Gsspard, who has coat with a gurpriir "No. no, CloMlde, it will not he our Gasped. Mon Dicul how then shall wp tell her I v bild, go you net to the door '. I h"Be flcighbelU you hear are not of Lhr flesh and bl-od I mean the dhveris not' 1------ But little Glotilde had run joyously to the great hall door, and thiUkh -crvfant stood there to opi'n iL she swung i t widv oc ita massivs hingcR, a bitter hlast of cold air rushed in, with a dreary, wailing bound, and no sluod oulB.de, but even as the bI ilarll-d girl Washed a c'*s»iof '.c swift sound of the i ti'led ihc area of snow, hha turned whiter than a lily in the sombre muon ight Br.d flung tb» door to, affrighted. ‘i.’i'Me tu tlie fire, little one; you linvc sei-n, ilien, our Fkeleton in the closet ? ' [hir. u, Im t 1 h (-aril the bel i h - oh, wn al does it m-an I- ' " In u irll her, Agathe." 6aid the 11 1 w tiuld greatly prefer that she would hear it from nswered the other. "I am not afraid proudly. 7’he color we her lips and cheeks and .;:«rk)cd. It c-.uld not he wnr*e than the legend- of the Loup-Garou wliicb her ncle had told her lince she was h child —n< but nnw she WI show fear. " Ynu will now know * !ir« dark fipciis when not c heart can comfo-t birr, why the shadow B never lifted fr. m our lives and we can rot be quite like other people. Perhaps you will nut tlien like to marry oar iiroth^r, w hn ia thr best and deares1 tn the world, hut like US, under the ban." "Ili«ihe mure I would love him if I michf, when 11c* has the trouble ; but tell • !hey rsnuoi rest } ‘ yxhU, bui tlie s'ory is .• Hga, maybe that not brave, pood man like Hii» one, but hotheaded and firn'. And you knr;W, lhr iirepbillstliatabui usn —so niUiw.th the b;g ravine —'ha precipice on eitber side* And in the »mter there was always sdow and the people nn.t coaling and >lngh ridii’g with swift hornt'R down ihupc bing hills, but never cou d two weet, for tli* r..ad was just tLs widlfi ( T on* ile^li. took htf taro." " Il wa« my great uncle's pleasure to eke hi* younc wife and an out no these hill* and drive her ills wiib flying horse, a-d she loved the aporl id wrsppea jn fu's, with her ’ ■' ing ir, iim im wind a i •y folk thought ber Gi«(n’d much admin d, too, for go lory ha* fine to ui, and ilmr rs are in ihc tolo*. thnURh »ome think us not of the right mu,d to krep 'hewi there. tragedy of ihnse two. One night—ju«t such a night a> this — they wont riding m j*y ►pints, and gomg tip the hill fur the second or thied Mae whatshuuld they see but ancdher slngh c xungdown. Itwas coming fs»t. and my great uncle knew it. was de&th; for one side or tho other, since pass limy cnuld rut. And he Blinuled to the other driver to halt “ Ah, it was too late ! (In. on c*n.othe other sleigh, fast like the wind, and wj great unelp Gaspard saw that it wocld into him crasli, and he quickly drew a pistol aud fired Lo kill the horse before it was too late. And hi* own burse, he cot surb a fright he pluDged over the side, throwmt him out, but taking hi* bride dow® to death ! ' He lived hut like a mao in a dream, till some one told him the trutb that nn that eight there was so other B]e)gh but )iis own, and whst he eawwa* Fhe»hadow of his own, ID snae way I know not the exact, the moonlight making that effect by what you call projecting the shadow, and when be knew tha’. he took again the nifclol and with it Lia life " *ive the pnor ghosts peace." a m«t like the Lxoo-Garcu, cot to the mir.d of Cloliide half «s dreadful, but she was not really afraid of these raphically ent not near the doer, but sat reofiug er sweet lips i .i lung vii' kesrySvo'fC c»H*d : "Haile, there, Viotor, AlpV’D**. y<> verlet s. where a re iou hid i g F Certainlv thi« was no (DioM, ani t): tlwee wnruei who clung about bis nrc gave frtniic evidence of joy at hi* cr.tmn Clntildc was not one cf the three A lug old roar in a fur-skin eoal lud tiken her in liia arms, and was talking to her iu gentle bnrr, the old uncle who told her tlm dreadful stories, slid theu she slipped one small hand mle ker lovrr's and Umked ».t him with shy, happy oyoi, " It tyrv * ■good of you to coins instead rf the glio-t," she rskJ, when lat»r (key eat cooing iu a cornor, while the uacle, who was n freat faronte with the young Gaspard. was making himself agreeable to (be ladies. " Then ynu know, dear little one P" said the ynuug man. "And you ar* not afraid to mike your home in the " N o t w ith:my tii * the s I like it' better if the ghosts curim T-.it. and your Haters, they arc sorry too. Hut afraul — no " What or this so much being afraid?" ask'-d a gruff vmee. and tlie olfl uiic'e of Clnt■1df linhhle.1 over to Urn unat here nf llmi t«ii Inver*, I’lmn he whs fold the s'ory o' pfi'-stiv ►h-'iL’h, and looked wife thoiiRh'ful fnr Thr shr-wd Frei,rh.O*D*diM was filled with marvellous stories of ghoslp, which he loved tordatr, but not cue of which he believed, not even hii stock fright- .lory, tbe logecd&ry-; Tim next morning Uncle Pierre * h>-- mi*“ing from the chateau, but no ore w*>d 6!urbcd. lie had t&kc;" his gun end would return when Leplcaicd, * hirh wns st niflblfr.il, and simultau«on*ly with bis (mming rang out the jangling invipibU bell, He found tLr family shivering around ’-he grest fire rr if iLr-y wrre stn'ekef. «ilh dcndlT Irnable. Rvpn GaRpsrd looked troubled and i'ie lulle (Tit-Mc waBiryinglo asture him tlmi De was not—" Oii, on, not the ie«‘t afraid )' 11 Fine is (hr night." hr said in salutalinn, " and the nir is Dm clear, so you lic«r-r-r, oli, Bo far ! Heard you rmt, mv Clntilde, the sleigh bells that come um with?" "Oh, oh." cried the ladies of the chateau in n faint chorus, "the hells do make nur hearts to shake," and the said in nn • udiblr- prayer "W hat you make afraid i- Not tlie bdls of rcfio, lliBt thr wind do bring to your door for the ton sweat music P Pah ! hort it if, rot atoll, but tlm r r-ravine, end the liiils they do nuke of the bellr of the eleigbing company tlm echo which for the rainu-t c slop rI your door ; 'tis rrlm think ir the gho«t« !" ladieB of the chateau, as it was once the sbhorrpner, to ask ri-\iorK to listrn to tlie " so strange echo," and out of tbe materials of a 