THE MADONNA OF THE SEPULCHRE, 00 H FLUTE IN TWO INSTALMENTS. BY AHethca Phillips, Author of "Tho Strange Faoo in tho Glass," "Tile Double Bass Player, ' ' "Picotiii," &b;, &u.; OOPXRIQBT. II. — (Cinlimtetl.) Again his father markod anil appreciated his beauty, but lie turned away with tlio fierce gesture of a nindman. "The devil multes thieves," ho broke out nil at once. " Do you hear that, boy ? Your unote hates me. I bolieve ho has sent you liero as a spy— a spy ! " His xnger seemed to choice him; hut he seized his . son's arm with a grip that made the lad feol siok and faint, '!It iaa plot to ruin me, Therein tho frame, but whore is tho canvas that was in it, und worth fifteen, thousand— fifteon thousand — a fortune ? Whore is it P Gone, gone, gone ! " He paused a' moment und looked round oraftuy. "There havo beoti thioves, or a thief. Tho pioturo in cut clean out. A boy might do time with a penknife." "Yes," said Boubeu fearfully, for tlio old man still held him as iu n vieo, and his voiao hud taken a sinlstor toilo of ueuusation., " That picture, the famous Miidoiiim of the Sepulchre, was hanging there tho other day when your uncle brought you under pretence of u wish to sen your — father." Tlio boy glanced upwards for a moment, and nodded. "It is a plot !" hissed tho Jew, "und you aro the tool— -the instrument — tlio thief. Go ! Go instantly, lest you he taken by tho pulioo bofore my oyes," Before lie could make liny but a horrified exclilliiutlbii Old Co. had sliovod him through tho shop out into tlio darkucsti, and oloscd the door upon his soil.' Bonbon stood for a moment stupefied, then witli tho ury of .a wounded unimuf .fled down the harrow street. ... III. . Tito affair of the missing Madonna created a great stir in tho urt world for n certain period, nnd.then, as no oluo of its. whereabouts could ho traced, the story drifted into a kind of legoudary lore. It wan years ago' now since tho dingy shop lind become at one dtld tlio sumo tirno notorious and vacant. On the morning after- he -had thrust his son into tho street, people noticed that Old Co. failed to have his sliuttora takoii down at tho usual hour. At first the elroum- staiice only gave rise to a few comments, for Jurvis, tlio handy inun, was known to have taken his dismissal tho day before, hut as a whole., week orept oh .the .neighbourhood, going about its affuirs in tlio same shiftless way as' nsniil, fouiid its ouriosity stirred at Inst to something bordering on a pitch of frantic oxcitcment. Wlinn tho police- ap peared .upon tho scene local interest had centred itself. A largo crowd already blocked the thoroughfare, and stood ngapo fur ilotails of' a more or less blood-curdling nature. Ail sorts of surmises were abroad, the least sensational of wliinh wuA the supposi tion that Old Co. lmd put mi end to lumself in despair at. ninking good the loss of the pioturo, but others would have it that u sanguinary murder had tilkon place on the spot, and by tlio perpetrators of the first crimo. Men, . women, und children now surged and swayed, it compact mass of struggling eagernoss, to get the first glimpse of this supposed tragedy. An imaginative spectator might have seen in thoui a puck of wolves transformed iuto human shapes, ready to burst in und devour the inhoapitublo. Jow, who had so often driven them from this very door, and of whom tlitiy had hitherto lived in fear, notnntcmpercd by superstition. Something liko a rour of exasperation was givon vent to by tho crowd, therefore, when, they wero forced bnok by the polico, while a couple of- olfiuiuls made thoir way into- tho house. Within all was dark and silent and the men proceeded cautiously to let in a little light, for they oxpcotcil overy moment to stumble either over or upon, u dead. .body. Everything was left exaolly .or it hnd.been except that iu one eonior of the inner room a case stood ready packed und direotcd to somo country Reut iu a Midland county. On open ing it was found to .contain, the spurious Groutz "restored", and ready to be returned to its owner, but of Old Co, himself tliore wus nothing to ho seen; Ho had vanished as com pletely as tlio Madonna, whioh the outsido world was just then making suuh a bother over, and whoso frame still hung upon the wall. -Evory nook and orunny of Hid house was senrohed in vain— tho Jew was gone. Whon the mob heard that neither murilcr nor siiieido had, been, committod iu this dingy abode to complete a ouvioiis tale und invest n eommou- plaue distriot , with trugio dignity, the news dispersed theni liko a sleety rain, Biillenly to thoir homes. They , oould almost pioturo -the old man's grin at thus hnnlking -them of a sensation, und as the house stood silent and empty for years after this it oumo to be an undefined beliof in tho neighbourhood that Rome sort of ghost of ' tho once familiar figure inhabiting it, still pervaded tho place uml oliuokled incessantly at Ids own bodily- disappearanae. . .. Bonbon's unoio came.forward to claim what property there was in tho mime of Isaac Cohen's son, but it was found that either by acoidont or design Old-Co. had managed to dispose of his valuables, and only left such objeota behind the sale of whioh just sufficed to pay tho rent und one or two. small debts owing. His reputation for honostr remained untarnished, though the claim for tho great picture was still in abeyance. Meanwhile tho boy, to whom his father's niad-aoousation had boon liko a suddon thrust of a knife, us he shut him out into' the dark ness, hud grown and prospered. He was. now u lmudsomo young artist, whoso amiability und talonta won for him en biitreo into tlio best- society und few would have looked for liis origin in tho dilapidated dwell ing of an obscure by-stroet, out. of whioh lie had boon ooutumoliously driven. Iu tbo year IS— Bonbon Cohen determined to take up his abode iu .Paris.. His studies there und olsewhere ou the.continont hail resulted in his gaining tho Prix d'Honnour at .the Salon, at an umumuUy. early age, and the enthusiasm called forth .by hispiotinn ;lcd him, to. resolve. he coulil nowhere else !he so appreciated nor so happy as. iu. that .capital. He was strolling through tho exhibition .one afternoon, - with n critical glance here nnd tliore, us something arrested his altoutiou .among the nores -of ouuvus- displayed upon the walls, when he found himself unex pectedly iu the same room witli liis own paint ing. A .sort of uutui-at modosty mado' him draw baok on perceiving t,|io spectators clus tered in front of his H-ofk, whioh boi-ii its' bllishing honours insorlbcil on a brass tablot fixed upon tbo frame, but the next .instant his Ofs..1'"" naught sight of a bent and shabby figure oagerly pushing ils way among the. crowd. - InBtantly' Reuben felt himself book nmoug the dusty bric-u-brae of the little shop. His famo hail Vanished. Ho wits ho loiigor the successful genius, hut tho repulsed und tender hearted boy wliosa sotlsibilfties hail boen out to tho quiok; ' As, oiio in a dream the avllst appfoaohed hifi own tiioturL, rtnd lien rd tho l'cinoiibtrutifio.s addressed to tlio strange figure elbowing its way. . , . , "Tiens!" cried a voice, " O'ost lo Juif errant. II est a la liuto lo putivro' liomtiie !" A good-humoured !mufh greeted tills sally, aud room was mode, while Rouboil stolo to the edgo of tlio crowd to watch the old niuu'a faoo. A long, whito beard dropped upon his breast and ooncoaled tho grcator piirt of liis features. He' looked so venOrablb, so jilc- ttirosquc, that 'at first tho painter felt himself dcoelvod. This; was some' iiiodol from tlio studios wiiii had imhibfcd a toato for art ; hot' the lettn, siisploioits,' and fojiulsivo' personage it-hb hud'HUcinied liis own son of bcing'tlio toftl hhd'iicbdi'npllco br 'u orlino.' ''A'TcoliilghF relief ueebmuuiiiod this hilsty conviction; but Lfll at o-"o the Jew, who had fioW obtained ii good place, raised, his eyes .with the quick, : stealthy, yot penetrating glance, wliioh -in earlier years had filled' the tfoy 'a Kohl With repugnance. Tho gliiheo, ho'WoVcr,- rftstod on thopioturoi coldly at first then critically. It saanned overy dotntl, it took in overy offcot, both broad and minute. - It wi|s pitiloss, Severe, terrible, Beubcii'fclt. Tho winner of tho Prix d'Honnour stood aside, huiilblv wailing fot a verdict which soatned somehow to hold his future fate in the balance. To unyono also tho attuntioli would liiii'o appeared absurd, for already the world lind stamped his work With its approbation ; yfet a horrible convloiion seized tbo painter's mind that in this figure, shuffling up and down from length to length of his canvas, lay the power of oither oxulting or paralysing for ever any genius lie might possess. "Fornto! op forme!" .. It was the voioo of the official already nil- pouncing that closing time had arrived. Tho cry was repeated in ovory room by tlio special guardiun of oaoh,'lmd the lingering visitbrs driven irrisistlbly forward as tho gendarmes formed a sort of oordon hohind them. Only tlio Old Jow remained impuHslvc, till, Becing lio did not hear, an official touahed him on tho arm. With a start lif horror, 1m draw himself awavj tho triumph gleaming in his eyca dusliod by- a loolt of fear iis ho ennght sight of tho uniform. Tho furtivo, hunted oxprcssjou of somo bygone iinoestor fliokorcd over the wrinkled faco for ah instant ; tholi lio pointed with a trembling finger to tho Prix d'Honiiaur. . " Do yon see that ?!' he oxclaimed, aliriily. . " H 's pniutod by my son.. Thore is genius, I toll von, mid it is painted by my son !" "AlloiiS, monsieur," said tho geiidarme briefly, ut the same timo giving him a gentle push to clear tho way. Bonben sprang to his sido and Bavod his father from tailing. Old Co. was evidently weak from age nnd over-excitement. He uecoptcd the support and allowed himself to be dragged away, Onoo out in tlio open air Bome of Ids formor Btrengtli and asperity returned. "I can walk alone," ho muttered, with drawing his urut. " You will got nothing by dogging tlio footsteps of a poor inim like me. Go your ways and louvo mo to mine." "No, no," said Beuboit, firmly, ",I am your son. Look at mo us you did at my- work just noW, and see if you do lint recognise s'om'u feature of the lad you acted so cruelly towards that — that oventiig long ago ? '.! Evon now at fivo-Hud-twonty years of ago his voice faltered at tlio allusion, hut ho was surprised to see lioiv his futhor (lowered before mm, and trembled an if witli gitilt. "Ah, you luivu como baok to taunt and torment mo— come buck witli your mother's faoo and eyes. Can you notleavo.ino to dio in peace?" criod tlio old mini, almost piteously. " Where havo you been nil 'these years? We sought for you, and then concluded yon were dead." jttauben interrupted, with a mixture of wonder and pity as he stood look ing down at tho strange figure. " Boen P What docs it matter where I have been?" ... Tho old liursli suspioious tone rethrocd.. _ " Father," oried. the young man, with all his former impetuosity, . "you noeilhido no longer. lama siuiocssful urtist, uud shall be rieli. I will pay the fifteen thousand pounds for tho lost Mndomm." ' ' ; A look of arnfty cnloulntion ontno upon Isnno Cohen's vonereblo, sensitive nouutenuuoo. " Fifteen thoitsand. . It is worth more than that now," he siild, slinking his hend. "Well, Heaven knows I will toil nil my lifo to pay for it, even if it lius- risen to the hopeless amount of national dobt," ex- (ilnimcd his , son. " Anything rather than leave n stain. resting'on my father's honour! !' Beubcn tlirew liis head baok proudly as lie spoke. He still possessed a good deal of the beauty whioh had distinguished him in early youth, though seme of its radiancy lmd been lull lined by the Strength of manhood, nud Old Co. shuddered in lus-presenco ris in that of an archangel sent to sum up tho pettiness of his deeds. . ; "Como with me," ho whispered, "I have somothing to tall ' you, bnt' not here— not here.", ' ' ' Beuben followed him in silciice, wondcriiig. . They loft, tlio wide, lmndBome streets and crowded boulevards, where - two or thrceao- qimihtauccs stared to ace tlio puinter so boilt ou pursuing What looked liko. an ordinary professional model, with hooked- nose and white beard -ipr attractions. Tho old muii walked faster, tliuu anyone would liavo imagined possible from his aged appcarauee, mid Bonbon Stepped briskly, fearful nt ovory momcnt that lio would Viininlr fl-onr sight in the dingy purlious tlioy lmd novy entered. It was dusk, almost dark, in thos'o narrow ways, which seoinoil Btifling to cue uiiacoustomed to tiicir atmosphere. At iinothef'time Bclibon'Soye might llitvo foiiiid picturesque- details- to arrest- it in this old; forgotten part, of the great city, but us ho hurried, on after the sliudowy. figure.for.pver' flitting in front of him, ho wns -only, rlon- soio'iis of ii' vuguo 'uneusiiies's, and Inu'l fai; away ubovo tho houses tliti young May moofi wns sending silver shafts of ligjit-.upotj i ythe- sqimlortln-oiigli whioh tliey threaded their'wiiy. Sudrlonly Old'Co. tuvhM' toi'nalip suite that his son lmd done liis bidding, for he had poreinptorily desired him ' tb-keep'tt-oertain distance behind. He nodded his head tawurds a dilapidated building, nntL-Cin nnothor. moment it scpmed.tohaVe.swallowed' him in the oavprnp.us .jttyvs.pfwliut find onoo been ail imposing outi-anco, but . which nnw y'uwned like the tobtliTess moiitli of sbmblu'ige monstet. Keiiben sh'iiddpr'iid 'as he ' plunged after him, for his nervous, fartoifuVtemperft-" 'ment 'made -him keenly- iiliro to impressions; Ho stumbled as best he- could up tlio filthy stairway, led by. tho-sound of liis father's sliufiling . activity, for . Isaac Cohen, sopuied gifted with the instinct of .some nocturnal aniinal. It was like a dream of purgatory to tho younger man; All 'tho light-beiirtccl joy of liis oxistance had vanished, and when ut Inst, 'he stood within tlio sordid hiding-place his father lmd oliosen for bimsolf, Bonben shrank ihuoic uppalled at tlio miscry. it revealed ';Ali!".lie..oxclaiined, "and.I hnyebeon living iii liixury ull this timo," . ' '"You'urbagreatpaihtor," iniirmured tho old man, hb he turned up it small oil-lamp he- had Utgattdwhlehsmott abominably .j: bbt he: J, aid-no -Imod— to tho compassionate words or ooks of this son whose tender nature wus so (noomprehonstble to liis own. " Have yon onongli to eat P How do y(Ju live?" oried Rcnlion, catching liold of liis rugged aloeve. " Good heavens, to think you should starve for sake of a cursed pioturo that was token nway. by soma mnantliiof to whom it enn never luivo tiono any good." The old.Jow pluokcd his sleevo away and pnccil wildly up and down, his fiugors twist ing tliomselves in liis beard. " Yes, it is n cursed picture, It has ruined tny life, sllnttored my pence. It holds my soul in tofiiieuts— tlio torinoiifs of the damned," ho cried, hoarsely. "Como away then from this horriblo plnce and think no more nliout it, Como witli mo. In spita of eyerytliing you aro my fathor. I am of your riicn anil your hlooil. Atouo to my motlier's li'ijnrcil spirit by Mowing somo affection for her son," said Bonbon per suasively, holding out liis hands with ono of thoso expressions which still irradiated liis features ou oeonsions as in his impulsive boy hood, Old Co, stopped suddenly and looked at the young mtm from beneath his brows. " Her son 1 " he repeated slowly, with bittei' eiribliAsis. Thon all ut onco Bottben was conscious of a skinny haniLolasping his own, und tlio faoo of this strange parent gazing triumphantly upon him. . ."And. mine!" oiicd Old Co. in a voico that vibrated with intenso pqesion. "Yea, re's; I iaycluiiii to thu gcnliis within' you; Her- son iu face, form, and- disposition, but mino, all initio'! ill the power thnt ahull make you a grout man.", . " Lot it hb so. I am content so long its w'e are friends," said Bonbon, with a dotcrmiiia- flnrt hitinntiv Inn -fnLlini' "Why do you not imto mo nsshe did?" inquired Old Co. with it vague ltfok of wou- dorinent in liis sunken 'eyes. ' " V " Because I ain sorry for you — because you are my father," There was a straightforward simplicity in all the younger painter said or (lid which can-lad conviction oyon to .the suspicions mind of Isiuiu Coiiou. Ho i-oiniiincd silent for some frt'omoiits, and' thoh' tin-iied 'away witli it (tiilvoring; long-drawn sigh. ' To 'Bciibeii this . sigh was tho first sign of ordinary humanity tho old num. had ..yet. shown, and lio . rogurded it . as a . sign ' thnt his o\vn filial devotion lind not boon quite thrdwn away. ' He' novor could explain, even to himself, the dual fooling witli which; this relationship. inspired liiin. Hero was a being whom lio yearned to. honour,. mid yet ,ho was So constituted tiuit his nature revolted from file effort. Pity tvils tlio lie'urost kin to" love lie could offer, but that pity was passionate, profound, touched witli solf-aouuuing bitter- tiaBR, and minglod with a Helf- cffuuiug dosiro for propitiation. "They took him from me," bxolbimed Old Co.; with a suddenness that mado the other start. "l'lioy thought -to destroy inj- ahiire iu him, .but destiny and inhpritunoo are stronger than hato. My Son lius returned to ine after nil— yes, in spito of them," his voico trailed off Into sciiilo 'tears whidh dropped into his heard, mid ho appeared to bo addressing a dingy, old curtain hung uaross the ond of tho garret, ..... . . .' . '. Itbiiben wns touehed, though a painful conviction aoizc'd him thiit his return 'was of amnllnvail to 'Softoti cherished animosities. ; !' Will-, yon leave this wretolied nliwo with me,, to-night P I. can offer you Inxiiry com pared to, this," he said, lookiug round ut tlio rnggml hiid, licnped un in ono coruor. "Wlmt," oried Old Co., with uu angry gostionlation advunoing lowards liiin: '" You oomo lioro. to drng mo out into the world, to holdmp up before tliopublic, to holuughed.at, despised,- oonilnmnedr "For ..wlmt?!' inquired Bouben, in he- wlldormdht. ' " - "For living tinder a spell I- ountiot break, for pniising my life in. worship of wliut I hato anil despise— tlio worship of a woman."- . Tlibro ".wits obmbtliing in his wild onergy, or ho: threw both arms up, as if in writhing protest tlmt prevented tho- younger man from smiling at so strnngo.u declaration. . " Slie.livcd in the Middle Ages," continued Old Co., speaking a rapid undertone that had thoeffeotdfaprilloiigedjiiss. "Shesattoliiriias model for tho Madonna of the Bepulohre: I wus the Jow -hoy who sat for John tho Baptist — lmt that is all. long ago,", lie waved his hand -as if to dismiss tho rocoUeo- tion, thon iiropt up . to Bonbon mid apoko fearfully into his ear, " That womnn has drugged mo baok through the long long con- tnrics... It is only for short poriods I can livo truly in. my own and . mix with my" uon- tempoiiiries." "I will help to "drive tlioso fancies frOm your mind;" said Beuboiii reassuringly. . ' No, no ; they. c-Himot be driven. "Funoies, you talk of wimt you do , not understand. Why (lid 1— a man of fifty— luat-ry a "girl of fiftooii? Toll mo that." " ;"Hn spoke now with a peculiar contemptuous snarl. Mudncss nud ago combined made him . truly hideous to holioldi iitul bin .son put . out both liatids with a gosturo of disgust ho could no lougor' overeome:' ''7"Tt wAb btiiol',"tt shameful bargain' on' tlio piirt of an'uiitr'ustworthy guardian to lot you liavo-hor," ho criod, boiling oyor witli in- digniitio.n. Never montion it. to mo again," " '.'Ahj" 'oxuiaiuicd Old Co., excitedly, "youi1 mother lmd tlio face and form of that witoll wiio sat far tho Madonna. Sho drove mo mad oven when I tried to beat , it out of her. I should havo killed lior for hating ine wliiio sho hold nib hi the toils of her boauty— but," honiiusoil, "she rim liway iin'd pretended to boaoud." ' '" : "AVImt-do you mdnii ?"- . A suddou liopo throbhod in his son's heart. Could it bo possiblo.lhe mother ho hud adored in infaiiby wiis. about to bo restored, in sumo ecoeiltrio way to.hiin'iifter ull tlicso years. "Sho is tload," llo said mournfully,' after a second turning. bis head away,—' - , . "Whon he looked round again Old Co. had withdrawn, the aurtain.at the ond pf tlio room und stood pointing exultantly at some objbot olily diiniy d'scornibio ' in tlio" fcoblo ligiit. - Beulieii moved uoarcr, horror striokon,'.hin breath coming in gasps of pain. .. "Good God !" lie oxolaimod, hoursoly, "Tho Madonna ol' tlio Sopulohro." Ho shatohed the lump off tlio riokety table and held it' up to the canvas, examining with a quiuk prnotiscd eye, all the innrks of tlio pioture's genuineness. , Behind liim liis own figure cast a monuoing Hlmdow over' half tho room," "Und fell with funereal ' binckno.-s on' that of iho 'Jow; who watched -liiin in n kind of costntio madness of worshipping joy. , '! My son, my. son, und himself it paiutov, wortliy to tread in tho great lootstoiis," ho inutterod, rooking his hody tb and fro. Mcunwhiio tlio light ' flared up on td tlie sweet tiiotnred faee und down Into Bonbon's own, revealing signs of that likeness which seemed to linvo turned liis father's . brain, -fo? Itoubon liad always ploscly resomblcd hia girl mothnr." '. Hb put tlio loriip down again.' . , '5 4 " Oh, God ;' he groaned,' in the bittcrnb& of his spirit. " It as tho-lost Madonna; and this madinan,.tny fathor, is the thief." s " . ... , Tlio Old man ..inado n- timid inovoinpnt forward and laid a hand upon liis arm, but Boubrin shobk him ' off and staggored blindly from the room. All' that iiiglit ,ti!o paintpi wandereil hhggafd and (lbje'oted throligli .the ;»tycoM; Thoburden of disgraob luy heavliy'-'upon Mm; It lind -fallon'with ortisliing foroo_ oh-to -liis sensitive nature, and ho plirmik fcom.tlio duty tlmtlay before liiin. . . . Tlie picture lmd novel- been lost, only viloly Aebfotpd/afid niii'st be promptly restored tffits legitimate owner, ' - "Wliii was lie? Beuben did not know; only lie felt lio must seareh liiin out wero ho cbm. Jelled to.wulk barofoqtcd tlirougli the world, t wiis liko tlio touch of a rod-hot iron to tliiiik thnt liis own iiunia must heiioofortli bp sniearod by boilncotion with that of tlio cul prit, His name whicli.lio had'jnst considered mado ! .. \- At dawn ho found liimsolf ou one of tho bridgos.over tlio Soino, -nnd a froslinoss in the air that stolo up from the gently ruffied waters brought back a certain amount of (inlmilbA'fl to his brain. Just ns tlio first yol- lowlnir streak sliot ucross tlio -sky, howover, an idea- rushed into Ida mind whioh made him hold on to tho purapot, whilo lie shivered vloleutly with the fright it lind inspired! Thoii'liqbuUto a bewildered attoinx>t to ieti'iics his steps,- muttering to' liitoBclf.1 - . ".If loan Only bo in timo— if I'clan only bo in time. , Merciful heaven! grant, that I bo , not too late 1" Those persons who wore abroad drew aside as.ho'pd'ssed; Thoy slirtiggcd their shbiildors and sighed with compassion. A lmudsomo mail driven distftiotod by lovo or gam jug. All, well! tlio world wus always so! Duo sees strango Bights in a groat city, and they" foil to picturing n fine corpse stl-etchcd on ono of tlio tiled slabs in the murguo; wliiio a crowd drank ill tho sight with eager, admiration. .Led by some strango instinot meanwhile, Beubon found his way into tho moult qunrtor ho had quitted in snob Abhorroilco. ' , Ho dashed up tho narrow stairs nnd flung open tho door. ; ..-Tlicn all lit once ho'ctood still, quite silent. Ho was in tinto, uud yot — loo late 1 . .. Tho great masterpioco hung tliero in all its radiant, beauty, lighted up. by the newly- risen sun, which streamed in at tho garret window, aiid before it lay n motionloss figuro; with faco upturned, and. thin, yellow hunds'.olutch- illg sbnio papers to'its breast. Tho Madonna of the Sepulchre wiri safe from any ft'oiizied dosiro Olil Go. might : liavb boen soized witli to destroy tlio. objcot of liis deliiBioii. Tliore lio lay, already . stiffening UtidPr the rigid tolioli of tho sculptor Death, and it was with awe! iiof-uiitbmporbd witli thankfulness, his son knelt down to withdraw the papers from his grasp. .. ' ' Hb glunoed almost lneolmnioidly at their eontonts, and; littln bylittlo, the truth about tho missing iiioturo dnwncd upon his braiu. Honcoforwurd Boulzm Oohon would lip tlio Solo, .possessor of this covetbd- inttstorpiciie; Tliero .wns uooliilin iu iiboyancb, -tor 111 his raundahout, secret fashion; Old Co. Imdpur- oliascd it for liimsolf. , Ho hod: stoloii it from tho eyes of tho world — that nlono was his crime — to gloat over its beauty with tho strnugo fanaticism of amadnum." .- .. . . - lltUKSB. . :- 