TILL THE DAY OF JUDG MENT. ' BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM. Chapter III. My father's first sermon was a great success Ab usual, it was polished, eloquent and simple, and withal original Ho prcaohod with out manuscript, almost without notos, and ho took particular pains to keep within ' the comprehension of his tinv con- ' grcgation. Lady Naselton, who waited for mo in the aisle, whispered her warm approval. " Whatever induced your father to como to such' an out of the way holo as this?" sho ex claimed as we passed through tho porch into tho fresh sunlit air. "Why, he is an orator I Ho should preach at Cathedrals ! I never heard anyone whoso style I liked bettor. But all tho samo it is a pity to think of suoh a sermon boing preached to such a congregation Don't you think so yourself?" I agreed with her heartily. "I wonder that you girls let him come horo and bury himself with his talents," she con tinued. "I had not much to do with it," I reminded her. "Youforgct that I havo lived abroad all my lifo. I really have only been homo for about eight or nine months." "Woll, I should havo thought that your sister would have been more ambitious for him," sho declared. "However, it's not my business, of course. Sinco you are here, I shall positive/ insiit, upin coining every Sunday. My husband says that it is Buck a drag for tho homes. Men have such ridiculous ideas where horses are concerned. I am sure that thoy tako more care of them than they do of their wiveB. Come and havo tea with mo to-morrow, will you?" "If I can," I promised. "It all depends upon what Providence has in store for mo iu tho slmpo of callers." "Thero is no ono loft to call," Lady Naselton declared, with her foot upon tlio carriage step. " I looked through your card plate tho other day when I was waiting for you. You will bo left in pcaco for a littlo while now." "You forget our neighbor," I answorod laughing, " He has not called yet, and I mean him to." Lady Naselton leaned back amongst tbo soft cushions of her barouche, and smiled a pitying smile at mo. "You need not wait for him, nt any rate," alio said. "I Jyou do you will suffer for the want of fresh air." The carriage drove off, and I skirted tho churchyard, and mado my way round to tho Vicarage gate. Away across tho park I could see a kugo knickcrbockorcd flguro leaning over a gate, with his back to me, smoking a pipe. It was not a graceful attitude, nor was it a particularly reputable way of spending & Sunday morning. I was reminded of him again as I walkod up tho path towards tho house. A fewiyards from our diningroom window a dog was lying upon a flower bed odgo. As I approached it limped up whining, and looked at rae with piteous brown eyes. I recognised the brcod at once. It was n beaglo — one of Mr. Dovillo's without a doubt. It lay at my feet with its front paw stretched out, and when I stooped down to pat it, it wagged its tail feebly, but mado no effort to rise. Evidently its leg was broken. I fetched some lint from tho houso, and com menced to bind up tho limb as carefully as possible. The dog lay quito Btill, whining and licking my hand cvory now and then. Just as I was finishing off tho bandago, I became con scious that someone was approaching tho garden — a firm, heavy tread was crossing the lane. In a moment or two a gruff voice sounded almost nt my elbow. " I beg pardon, but I think ono of my dogs is here." Tho words wero civil enough, but tbo tone was brusque and ropollont. I looked around without removing my hands from the lint. Our neighbor's nppcaranco was certainly not . enqouagiug. His groat frame was .carelessly; clad/in a very old shooting suit, which might onco havo been of good cut and style, but was, now only fit for the rag dealer. Ho rworo a grey flannel shirt with a turn down collar of tho same material. His face, whatovoritsnntural expression might have beon, was disfigured just then with & dark, almost a ferocious, scowl. His hand was raisod, as though unwillingly, to his cap, and a pair of piercing groy oyes wcro flashing down upon mo from beneath his heavily marked eyebrows. Ho stood frowning down upon mo from his great height, a singularly poworful and forbidding objeot. I resumed my task. " No doubt, it is your dog !" I said calmly. "But you must wait until I have finished tho bandage. You should tako better care of your animals ! Perhaps you don't know that its log is broken." Ho got down on his knees at once without glancing at mo again. He soomod to havo for gotten my very existence. "Lawless, 'ho exclaimed softly, "little lady, littlo lady, what have you been up to ? Oh, you Billy little woman !" The animal, with tho rank ingratitude of its kind, wriggled frantically out of my grasp and fawned about its master in n jwiroxysm of delight. I was bo completely forgotten that I was able to observe him at ,my caso. His faco and voice had changed like magic. Then I saw that his features, though irregular, woro power ful and not ill-shaped, and that his ugly flannel shirt was, at any rate, clean. He continued to ignoro my prc3onoe, nnd taking the dog up into his arms, tenderly examined the-fracturc. " Poor littlo lady ! " lie murmured. "Poor littlo Lawless. Ono of those damned traps of Harrison's, I nuppono I I shall kill that fellow some day!" ho added savagely, undor his breath. I roso to my foot and shook out my skirts. Thcro aro limits to one's tolerance. "You are perfectly welcomo 1" I romarked quietly. Thoro was' no doubt as to his having forgotton my prescnoo. Ho looked up with darkenod face. Lady Naselton was perfectly right. He was a very ugly man ! " I beg your pardon !" he said. " I had quito forgotton that you woro hero. In faot, I thought that you had gone away. Thank you for attending to tho dog. That will do very nicely until I get it home," he added, touching the bandage. "Until you get it homo!" I repeated. "Thank you I Do you think that you can bandago bettor than that ?" I looked down with somo scorn at his laige, clumsy hands. Aftor all, woro they so very clumsy, though 1 They woro largo and brown, but thoy were not without a certain shapeliness. They looked strong too. Ho bore tho glance with porfcct cquanimit, and, taking tho two ends of the lint into his hands, commenced to draw them tighter. ""Well, you see, I shall sot tho bono properly when I get back!" ho said. "This is fairly done, though, for an amateur. Thank you— and, good morning !" Ho was turning brusquely away with the dog under his arm, but I stopped him. " "Who iB Harrison f I asked, "and why does he Bet traps ?" Ho frowned, evidently annoyed at having to stay and answer questions. "Harrison is a small tenant farmor, who objects to my crossing his land." " Objects to your crossing his land," I repeated vaguely. "Yes, yea. I tako theso dogs after hares, you know— beagling wo call it. Sometimes I am forced to cross his- farm if a hare is running, although I never go thoro for ono. Ho objects, and so he setB traps." " Is ho your tonant V I asked. "Yos." "Why don't you get rid of him, then? I wouldn't have a man who would Bot trnpB liko that one for a tenant at all." Ho frowned, and his tone was distinctly im patient. Ho was evidently weary of the dis cussion. "I cannot. Ho has a long IcaBo. .Good morning." "Good morning, Mr. Devillo." : Ho looked ovor his shoulder "You know my name !" "Cortainly ! Don't you know mino?" "No." "Lot me introduce myself, then ! I am Miss 1 Ffolliot, tbo palo faced chit, you know I " I J added maliciously. "My fathor is the now vicar." I was standing up before htm with my bands clasped behind my baok, and almost felt tho flash of his dark, flory eyes as they swept over me. I could not look away from him. Thero was a distinct change in his whole appearance. At last ho was looking at me with genuine interest. Tho lines of his mouth lmd como together sharply, and his face was as black as thunder. " Ffolliot !" ho repeated, slowly " Flolliot ! How do you spell it?" "Anyhow, so long as you remember the two Fs ! " I answered suavoly. " Generally, double F, O, double L, I, O, T. Rather a pretty name, wo think, although I am afraid that you don't Beern to like it 1 Oh 1 here's my father coming 1 Won't you stay and nmko his acquaintance?" My father, returning from tho church with his surplico under his arm, had been attracted by the sight of a strange man talking with mo upon tho lawn, and was coming slowly over towards us. Mr. Devillo turned round rathor abruptly, The two men met faco to face; my father dignified, correct, Bovero ; Bruco Dcville untidy, ill clad, with sullen darkened face, lit by the fire which flashed from his eyes. Yot thcro was a certain dignity about his bearing, and ho met my father's oyes resolutely. Tito onus of speoch seemed to rest with lilm, and he accepted it. " I nocd no introduction to Mr. Ffolliot," ho said, sternly, "I am afraid that I ean offer you no wolcomo to Northsliiro, This is a sur prise !" My father looked him up and down with stony severity. " So far as I am concorncd, sir," ho said, " I desiro no welcomo from you. Had I known that you wero to be amongst my near neigh bors, I should not havo taken my abode hero for however short a time." " Tho sentiment," remarked Mr. Doviile, "is altogether mutual. At any rate, wo c&n; sco as littlo of each other as possible. I wish you a good morning." Ho raised his cap presumably to me, although ho did not glance in tny direction, and went off across the lawn, taking huge strides, and cross ing our flower bods with reckless unconcern. My father watchod him go with a dark shadow resting upon his faco. Ho laid his fingers upon my arm, and their touch through my thin gown was like the touch of fire. I looked into his still, calm face, nnd I wondered. It was mar vellous that a man could wear such a mask. "You havo known him?" I murmured. ""Where? Who is ho?" My father drew a long inraird breath through his clenched teeth. "That man," ho said slowly, with his eyes still fixed upon the now distant figure, "was closely, very cloBely, associated with tho most unhappy chapter of my life. It was all over and dono with boforo you wcro old enough to understand. It is many, many years ago, but I felt in his presence as though it woro but yestorduy. It is many yearB ago, but it hurts still — like a knife, it hurts." Ho held his hand pressed convulsively to his side, and stood watching the grey, stalwart flguro now almost out of sight. His faco was whito and strained— somo Bymptoms of yester day's faintness seemed to be suggestod by thoso wan checks and over bright eyes. Even I, naturally unsympathetic and callous, was moved. I laid my hand upon his shoulders. "It is over and finished, you say, this dark chapter!" I whispered softly. "I would not think of it." Ho looked at me for a moment in silence. Tho grey pallor still lingered in his thin, sunken cheeks, and his eyes were like fires. It was a face which might well gunrd its 'own secrets. I looked into it, and folt a vague sense of trouble stirring within mc. Was that chapter of his life turned ovor and dono with for ever? Was that secret at which ho had hinted, and tho knowlodge of which lay between thoso two, wholly of the past, or waHita live thing? I could not toll.. My father was fast becoming tho enigma of my lifo. " I cannot cease to think about it," bo said slowly. " I shall never cease to think about it until— until— " " Until when ?" I whispered. " Until the end," ho cried hoarsely "Until tho end, and God grant that it may not bo long." OlTAPTER IV. This was a faithful and exact account of my mooting with tho first of thoso two of our neigh bors who seemed, according to Lady Naselton's report, to romnin entirely outsido tho ordinary society of the place. Curiously enough, my meeting with the Becond ono occurred on the very next afternoon. We came face to face at a turning in the wood within a few yards of her old little house, nnd tho surprise of it almost took my breath away. Could this bo tho woman condemned to isola tion by a whole neighborhood— the woman on whoso shoulders lay tho burdon of Bruce Dcville's profligacy. I looked into the clear dark oyes which mot mine without any shadow of embarrassment — returning in somo measure the keen interest of my own scrutiny— and tho thing seemed impossible. She spoke to me graciously, and as though to do so were quito a matter of course. Her voice completed my subjugation. One may bo often bo deceived by faces, but tho voice Bcerns an infallible test. " There is going'to bo a torriblo storm !" sho said. "Won't you como in for a few minutes! You will scaroely bo abb to got homo, and these trees arc not safe." Evon while sho was Bpeaking, tho big rain drops began to fall. I gathered up my skirts and hurried along by her side. " It is very good of you," I said breathlessly. " I am dreadfully afraid of a thunderstorm 1" Wo crossed tbo trim littlo lawn, and in a momont I had passed tho portals of the Yellow House. Tho front door opouod into a low square hall, hung with old fashioned ongravings ugainst a background of dark oak. Thcro were rugs upon the polished floor and several easy chairs and lounges. By the side of ono was a box from Mudio's, evidently just arrived, and a small wood fire was burning in tho opon grate. Sho laid her hand on the back of a low rocking chair. " Shall we sit horo?" she suggested. "Wo can keep tho door open and watch the storm. Or perhaps you would rathor see as little of it ub possible. I took tho easy chair opposite to lior. "I don't mind watching it from insido," I answorod. "I am really nervous, but these trees look horribly unsafo I One wants to bo on the moor to enjoy a thunderstorm !" She looked at me with a faint smile, kindly but critically. " No, you don't look particularly nervous," sho said. "I wonder — — " A crash of thunder drowned the rest of hor sentence. In the silonco whioh followed I found her studying my features intently. For Bomo reason or other sho seemed suddenly to have developed a new and Btrong interest in me. Her eyes were fastened upon my faco. I began to feel almost uncomfortable. Sho suddenly realised it, and broke into a littlo laugh. "Forgivo my staring at you so outrageously," she exolaimed. "You must think me a very ru'do person. It is odd to moot anyono in the woods about heTC, you know ; and I don't think that I havo over seen you beforo, havo I V I shook my head. " Probably not, unless you woro at church yesterday," I said. "Then I certainly havo not, for I do not attend church," she answorod "But you don't livo in church, do you ?" I laughed. " Oh, no ; but we havo only been bore a weok or so," I told her. " My name iB Kato Ffolliot. I am tho daughter of tho new vicar, or, rather, curato-in-oliarge." Once moro tho tho hall waB filled with whito light. Thoro was a moment's breathless silence, and then tho tlmndor came crashing over our heads. When it was over sho was leaning for ward with hor faco buried in her bauds. Sho did not'look up immediately. "The thundor is awful!" I remarked. "I nover heard it moro directly overhead. I am afraid it is making you uncomfortable, is it not?" Sho did not move hor hands or answer mo I roso to my feet frightened. "What is tho matter," I cried. . "Aro you ill? Shall I call anyone?" She raised hor head and looked at mo, motion- ing me to Bit down with a littlo wavo of her hand. Evidently tho storm had affected her nerves. Her faco was' palor than over save where hor clenched fingers seemed to have cut into her checks and left red livid marks on cither side. Her dark eyes were unnaturally bright and dry. She had lost that dignified serenity of manner which had first impressed mc. " No ; please sib down," sho said softly. "I am all right— only very foolish. That last crash was too awful. It was silly of mo to mind, though. I have seen worso storms It is a sign of advancing age, I suppoae." I laughed. Sho was still regarding mo' fixedly. "So we aro neighbors, Miss Ffolliot?" sho remarked. "Closo ones," I answered. "Thero is only a little belt of trees between us." "I might have guessed who you were," she said. "For tho moment, though, it did not occur to mc. You are not," sho said, with a faint smile, "at all what ono looks for in a country clergyman's daughter." "I havo lived abroad nearly all my life," I said. " I was at school in Berlin and Heidel berg. My sister has always been my father's helper. I am afraid that parish work does not appeal to mo at all." " I am not surprised at that," she answered. "Ono needs a special disposition to interest one'B Belf in those things, and, without being a physiognomist, I can teil that you havo not got it." "People in tho country are so stupid, and they take so much for granted," I remarked. "If I wero a philanthropist I should certainly choose to work in a city." "You aioquito right," she answered absently. "Work amongst people who have learned to think a little for themselves is moro in spiring." We were Bllent for a moment or two. Sho was evidently not interested in tho discussion, so I did not attempt to carry it on. I turned a little in my chair to watch tho storm outside, conscious all the timo that her oyes scarcely left my face. "I had grown so used," she said presently, "to tho rcotory being empty that I had quite forgotten tho possibility of its boing oocupied again. The vicar used to livo several miles away. I wonder that Mr. Devillo did not know anything about you— that ho did know your name, at any rato." Now I was sorry that she had mentioned Mr. Dcville. I was doing iny best to forget all that I had heard from Lady Naselton, and to form an independent judgment, but at her words tho whole substance of it returned to mo with a rush. I leaned back in my clmir, and looked at her thoughtfully. Sho was a woman whoso ago might bo anything between 30 and 40. She was plainly dressed, but with a quiet ele gance which forbade any idea of a country dress maker. She wa3 too thin for lior figure to bo considered in any way good, but she was tall and graceful in all her movemonts. Her thick brown hair, touched hero and thero with grey, was parted in tho middle and vigorously brushed away from a low thoughtful forehead, over which it showed a decided propensity to wave. Her features woro good and strongly marked, and her skin wob perfect. Her eyes were bright and dark, her mouth piquant and humorous. Sho had no pretenco to beauty, but she was cer tainly a very attractive aud a very woll bred woman. I had nover in all my lifo seen anyone who suggested less those things at which Lady Naselton had hinted. Perhaps sho saw the. slight change in my face at Mr. Dcville's name. At any rato she turned the conversation. "Have you been living in tho country before you came horo, or near a large city ?" bIio asked. " You will find it very quiot horo !" ""Wo camo from Belchestor," I answered. 1 My father had a ohurch in tho suburbs there. It was very horrid. I was not there long, but I hated it. I think tho most desolate country region in the world is better than suburbanism." " I don't think that I agrco with you," bIio smiled. "In a large community, at any rate, you aro closer to the problems of life. I was at Belchestor, not long ago, and I found it vory interesting !" "You were at Belohesterl" I .ropcated in surprise. "Yes ! I was electioneering I came to holp Mr. Densham." "What ! The Socialist ! " I cried. She nodded, and I could boo that the corners of hor mouth wcro twitching with amuse ment. " Yes ! I thought that Belchoster was rather an enlightened place. Wo polled over 4000 votes. I think if we had another week or two, and a few less helpers, wo might havo got Mr. Dcnsbam in." "A few less helpers 1" I repeated aimlessly "Yea! That is the worst of Labor and Socialist meotings. Thcro is such a terrible craving amongst tho working classes to beoomo stump orators. You cannot teach them to hold their tongues. They make silly spoechcB, and of course the newspapers on tbo other Bido report them, and wc get tho discredit of their opinions. Ono always suffers most at the hands of ono's friends." I looked at hor in Bilcnt wonder. I too had helped at that elcctioh — that is to say, I had driven about in tho Countess of Applecorn's baroucho with a great bunch of cornUowers in my gown, and talked amiably to a lot of unin teresting people. I lmvo a dim recollection of a one-horse waggonette which wo had paBacd on tho way preceded by a brass band and a lot of factory hands, and of Lady Applocorn raising her gold rimmed eyeglass and saying something about tho Socialist candidate. "Did you mako speeches— rand that sort of thing?" I asked hesitatingly. Sho laughed outright. " Of courso I did I How else could I have helped ! I am afraid that you aro beginning to think that I am a vory terrible person !" sho added, with a decided twinkle in her rich brown eyes " Please don't say that !" I begged " Only I havo been brought up always with peoplo who shuddered at tho very mention of the word both hero and abroad, and I daresay that I havo a wrong impression about it all. For ono thing I thought it was only poor people who woro So- cialistB 1" For n moment sho looked grave. "Truo Socialism is the most fascinating of all doctrines for the rich and tho poor, for all thoughtful men and women !" she said quietly. " It is a religion as woll as the very core of politics. But wo will not talk about that now. Arc you interested in tho new books? You might liko to sec somo of those," pointing at tho box. "I get all tho new novels, but I read very few of them." I looked them over as sho handed tho volumes out to mo. I had road a good many books in which slio was interested. TYo began to discuss thdm, casually at first, and tlion eagerly. An hour or moro must have slipped away. At last I looked at tho clock and sprung up. "You must have somo tea," Bhe said, with her hand on tho boll "Please do not hurry away 1" I hesitated, but sho seemed to tako my con sent for granted, aud I suffered myself to bo persuaded. "Como and see my den whilo thoy bring it !" Sho oponod a door on tho left hand of tho hall, and I passed by hor sido into a largo room of irregular shape, from which French windows led out on to tho trim littlo luwn. Tho walls wero almost linod with books— my father's library did not hold so many. A writing table drawn up to tho window was covored with loose shoots of naper and works of referenco turned upon their faces. For tho rest the room was & marvel of coloring and refined femininity. Thoro woro plenty of cosy chairs and three legged tables, with their burden of dainty china, rare statuottcs and many vases of flowers, mostly clustering yollow roses. But what absorbed my attention after my rapid glanco around was tho fuct that Mr. Bruce Devillo was sitting in a vory comfortablo chair near the window, reading ono of tho looso sheets of paper which ho had takon from tho desk. Ho roso to bib feet at the Round of tho open ing of tho door, but ho did not immediately look up. He spoko to her, and I scarcely recognised his voice. His gruffnoBs was gono ! It was mellow and good humored. " Maroia ! Marcia ! "Why can't you leavo poor Harris alone ! " he said. " You will drive him out of his senses if you sling Greek at bim like this. You women are so vindictive 1 " "If you will condescend to turn round!" she answered, smiling, " I shall bo glad to know how you got in here, and what you aro doing with my manuscript." He looked up, and tho sheet flattered from his fingers. Ho regarded me with undiluted astonishment. " — well, I camo in at tho window ! " ho an swered. " I wan in a hurry to escape getting wet through. I had no idea that you had a visitor ! " I glanced towards her. She was in no way discomposed or annoyed "I am not inclined to walk-this afternoon," sho said. "Will you como down after dinner, about 9. I want to sco you, but not just now." He nodded, and took up his cap. At tbo window ho looked back at me curiously. For a momont ho seemed about to speak. He con tented himself, howover, with a. parting bow, to which I responded. Directly lie got outsido tho gnrdon, ho took his pipo from his pocket and lit it. Tho incident did r.ot seem to havo troubled her in any way. Sho pointed out some of tho treasures of her room, elegant little trifles, col lected in many countries of tlio world, but I am afraid I was not very attentive, " Is Mr. Doviile a relation of yours?" I asked rather abruptly. Sho had juot takon down a little Italian statuette for my inspection, and sho replaced it carefully beforo sho answered. "No ! Wc aro friends I I havo known him for a good many years !" A tiny Burmese gong rang out from the hall Sho camo across tho room towards me, smiling pleasantly, " Shall wo go and lmvo somo tea ? I alwayrt want ten so much after a thunderstorm. I wilf show you some more of my Penates, if you like, afterwards." I followed her into the hall, and took my tea from tho hands of a trim little maid servant. With the Dresden cup between .my fingers a nuddon thought flashed into my mind. If only Lady Naselton conld see me. Unconsciously my lips parted, and I laughed outright. "Do forgivo mo," I begged. "Something came into my mind. It was too funny. I could not holp laughing." "To bo able to laugh at ono'a thoughts in a luxury," sho answered. " I know a man who lived through a terrible illness solely because of his sense of humor. There nro bo many things to laugh at in tho world, if only ono sees them in. tho right light. Let mBgive you some more tea." I sot down my cup. "No more, thanks. That has been dolicious. I wonder whether I might ask you a question?" I added. "I should liko to, if I might." "Well, you certainly may," nhe answered good liumorcdly. "Mr. Dcville spoke of your work," I con tinued ; " and of courso I could Bee that you .had been writing. Do you write fiction ? I think it is so delightful for womeu to do any thing for thomaelvea— any real work, I mean. Do you mind my asking ?" " I do not write fiction as a rule," she raid slowly. "I write for tho newspapers. I was a correspondent for several years for one of tho dailies. I write more now for a purpose. lam one of tho 'abhorred tribe,' you know— a Soci alist, or what people understand as a Socialist. Aro you horrified ?" "Not in the least," I answered hor ; "onlyl should like to know more about it. From what I havo heard about Socialism I should nevor havo dreamed of associating it with — well, with Dresden cups and saucers, for instance," I laughed, motioning to her own. Her oycH twinkled. "Poor child !" Bho said "you have all tho old fashioned ideas about us and our boliofa, I supposo. I am not buio that, if you were a properly regulated young lady, you would not get up and walk out of tho bouse !" A shadow had fallen across the open door way, and a familiar voice, stern, but tremulous with passion, took up her words. "That is precisely what my daughtorwill do madam ! At once, and without delay I Do you hear, ICato ?" I rose to my feot dumb with amazement. My father's tall iiguro, drawn to its utmost hoight, stood out with almost startling vividness against tho sunlight spaco boyond. A deep red flush was on his palo chocks. His eyes seemed on fire with anger. My hostess rose to her feet with dignity. " Your daughter is at liborty to remain or go at any time," she said coldly. "I preaumo that I am addressing Mr. Ffolliot?" Sho looked over my shoulder towards my father, and their eyes met. . I looked from ono to tho other, conscious that something was pas sing outsido my. knowledge— something between these two. Her eyesliad bccomo like dull stones. Her face had grown strangely hard and cold. Thero was a briof period of intenso silonco, broken only by tho Blow, monotonous ticking of tho hall clock and tho flutter of the birds' wings from amongst tho elm trees out side. A breath of wind brought a Bbower of raindrops down on to tho gravel path. A sparrow flow twittering into the hall and out again. Then it camo to an end. "Marcia!" His single ory rang out like d pistol-shot upon tho iutenso silence. He took a quick step across tho threshold. Sho held out both her hands in front of her, and ho stopped short. "You had better go I" sho said. "You had better go quiokly I" I went out and took my father's arm. Ho lot mc lead him away without a word ; hut ho would havo fallen sovornl times if it had not been for my support. When wo reached home he turned at once into tho library. " Go away, Kate," ho said wearily. "I must be alone. Soo that I am not disturbed." t I hesitated, hut he insisted. I shut tho door and left him. I, too, wanted to be ulone. My brain was in a whirl. AVhafc was this past whose ghosts Beemod rising up ono by ono to confront us. First there had been Mr. Doviile, and now tho woman whom my fathor lmd called Marcia. "What wero they to him ? "What had ho to do with them. "NVhorc had their lives touched? I pressed my hot forehead against tho window pane, and looked across at tho Yellow House. Tho sunlight was flashing and glistening upon its damp, rain soaked front. In tho doorway a woman was Btanding, shading hor eyes with her hand, nnd looking across the park. I followed hor gazo, and saw for whom she was waiting. Bruco Devillo was walking swiftly towards her. I saw him leap a fence to save a few yards, and he was taking huge and rapid strides. I turned away from my window and hid my faco in my hands (To bo Continued.) 