A Haunted House. AS INDIAN OFFICER'S STRANGE STORY. A correspondent of the Standard relates a strange story of his sufferings from the visitation of "ghosts.'' An officer, home from India on furlough, had taken a five years lease of a teomewhat neglected mansion. to 1 which he giveB the name of Sihrerton Abbey. For this he covenanted to pay £200 per annum. Now nobody will give him £60 a year for it. The reason for this he gives in the following narrative:— The first thing that we not'eed was that servants fought shy of us. No eooner was Silveiton Abbey mentioned than the servant b.oke off negotiation?. In some way we tt uggled on short-handed. Still no one said anything about ghosts. Summer turned into autumn, when one evening a violent rattling at cne of the windows sent off the parlouimaid. a g'rl Ifrom the villiage, into hj sterics. I ran outside, but found no one. A£:er being confronted by a glass of port, tbe girl sobbel out that it was well known that Mr— walked. She told a long story, which was afterwards corroborated, of past events connected with Silverton Abbey. It was not a pleasant story, and as it affects persons still living I will give no details. As soon as we began to ask people about what the girl had said, mouths hitherto shut were opened. Silverton Abbey bad always bsen known in the nearest town and all round as the haunted house. I may say that I am not physically nervous. I have been under fire repeatedly, have bsen badly wounded in action, and have been compli mented on my coolness when bullets were flying about. I was not then afraid of ghosts, as far as I knew. Besides, I suspected trickery. I had baen often in places where my revolver had to be ready to my hand. A light was kept burning in the upper and lower corridor all night. A lamp and loaded revolver were by my bedside every night. No one could bave entered the house without being detected and probably shot. A s winter drew on, and the nights began to lengthen, strange noises began to be heard. Night after night have I gone over the house, with a lamp in one hand and a loaded revolver in the other, but never did I find anyone ab^ut. Furniture had never been disturbed, though I could have sworn it was being moved. No living being bad been in the places from which footsteps had been heard. The governess used to complain of a tall lady, with black heavy eyebrows, who used to come as if to strangle her as she lay in bad. She a'so describe! tome footsteps, which had passed along the corridor past her door, of someone, apparently, by his or her actions, intoxicated. But, in fact, no one had left their rcoms and no one had been intoxicated. A German parlourmaid and housemaid bad been induced, on receipt of very high wages, to come to Silverton Abbey. They were old friends and occupied the same room. They and the English servants did net agree, They never went into the village and never cared to gossip. We never told them of any gh:sts. One night the housemaid, according to her account, was terrified by a ta 1 lady with heavy dark *yebrows( who entered the room and bent over her bed. After this the housemaid-took up hot water to the bed-rooms and dressing-rooms, in the evening?, by the front stairs. The other servants went np the back stairs after dark in pairs. One night we had driven into the town to a concert. It was nearly midnight whrn we returned. Our old Scotch housekeeper, who admitted us, a woman of iron nerves, was trembling with terror. Shortly fcefqre onr arrival a horrible fhriek had rung through the houss. To all our qu stioas Ehc only replied, *' It was nothing earthly." The nurse, who was awake with a chill with whoopicg-rough, he rd the cry and says it was simply horrible. It was, she eaye, in the lower corridor. Now, there was no one in the lower corridor. Oae night, lying awake, I distinctly saw the ban lie of my bedroom door turned and the door pushed open. I seized my revolver and ran to the door. The lamp in the long corridor was burning brightly, no one wss there and no oneiconld have got away. We had become much attached to the neighborhood. We decided to fpend our winters on the Continent and the summers at Silverton Abbey. We had children to educate. Our idea tumei out an impossible one. We decided to let the house. I put the matter in the hands of local agents, but fa-led to let it furnished. I soU off the furniture and tried to let it unfurnished. I failed again. I tried a London agent, who, after sending a man down, frankly told me the house was said to be hauiited. I instructed him and the local agents 10 take even fifty pounds or sixty pounds for the house. Even then they failed. Now I have received an offer of one hucdrei pounds for the two and a quarter years remaining of my lease. One hundred pounds to be paid for two and a quarter years' occupation of a house with sixteen bedrooms, large reception-rooms, a garden with plenty of fruit, and fourteen acres of pasture, which pasture lets for about twentytwo pounds a year! Taking away the pasture, the house and garden appear, therefore, to be worth no nr re than eighteen pounds a year. Shakespeare's birthday was celebrated at Stratford-on-Avon with nnueual cerenrny. The town was gaily decorated, and bsantlfnl wreaths were placed npon the poet's tomb. The annual meetings of the Shakespeare Clnb and the Memorial Association were held, at which very gratifying reports were presented. In the afternoon the American Ambassador unveiled in the parish church a memorial win-low, the coat of which was defrayed by the gi£ts of American visitors to Shakespeare's tomb. His Excellency afterwards attended a public luncheon, and subsequently was present in the Memorial Theatre, when the Hon. G. T. Parker, American Consul at Birmingham, on behalf of the Players' Club of New York. presented a portrait of Edwin Booth the great American aetor. Sir George Newnes' newspaper — the " Daily Courier"—which made its first ap. pearance on 22nd inst., say* :—" It is no secret that a member of the English Boyal family owed money to Baron Hirsch, at least one arrangement of the kind being negotiate! by a prominent Jewish solicitor, who was very handsomeJy rewarded for his trouble." Already there Is anticipatory un- «asine£s among the circles who are considerate of the feelings of Royal debtors. "What will the Baron's executors do ? That is the question which overshadows tbe possibilities of this season at Cowet or on the Turf in the minds of some notable personages just now. 