WESTWARD HO ! CRLARTER HI. (CONTINUED)—OF TWO GENTLEMEN OF WALES, AND HOW THEY HUNTED WITH TBS HOPKTO, AND SET BAN WITH THE DEER. (BY CHARLES RINGSLEY.) • ' Mater Catorum !' moaned Carapian : while" Parsons, who, as all the world knows, was a blustering l.ully enough (at least with his tongue), asked: • Wh «t a murrain right had he to stop honest f.> ks on the Queen's highway?' confirming the same with a ipighty oath.'tvhicli he set down as pe catum veniale; on account of the sudden neccssitv ; jiftv, indeed Jraus j ia, as p oper to support the character of that valiant gentleman of Wales, Mr. Evan Morgans. i5ut the horseman, taking no notice of his hint, dashed across the nose of Eustace Leigh's horse, with a ' Hillo, old lad! where ridest so early?' and peering downtfor ajBoment into the r^s .of the narrow trakk-#yStruck tyrirs'into bis horse,' shouting, fesh slot! right away for Hartland IjFoljraM, gentlemen all! follow, follow, follow !'i £ 1 •• • Who this fcoftterer Parsons l0f, t Will Cary, of cfewily; an awful,,heretic: and here come more behind. 1 And as he spoke four or five more mounted gallants plunged in and out of the great dikes, and thundered on behind the party ; whose horsesOqiirte vM up, burst iritqMgaUo|. ing; and in another minute the TlapleSs Jesuits were hurling along over moor and moss after a ' hart of grease.' Parsons, who, though a vulgar bully, was no coward, supported the character of Mr Evan Morgans well enough; and he would have really enjoyed himself, bad he not been in agonies of fear lest those precious saddlebags in front of him should break from their lashing*, and rolling to the earth, expose to the hoofs of heretic horses, perhaps to the gaze of heretic eyes, such a cargo of buUs, dispensations, secret correspondences, _ seditiouJract B,#dforth, %at tttlw'*gfy behind him, Mr. Morgan Evans, gave himself cp at once to abject despair, and as he bumped and rolled along, sought vainly for comfort in professional ejaculations in tne Latin tongue TT . f 'Mater intemerata! Enpe me J, am down! Auhasit pavimento venter I—lSo l I am not! Et dilcctum tuum e potestate cams —Afa!* A i.distime inter^jrnm,i mffW'n Put%is, toSi.d^n in ^our-of ^y'^or-^ohf jfoarfrttete^tSMs saddle ! Oh whither, barbarous islanders! Now riding on his quarter, iiotm -the rough track-way like a cockney, but through the goftheathejr lifted ^ W ^ L T ^ ' w l t h f i S lant we all kbojy M l by|thfe i&e;, R&Mrd;'Grenvlle by nWrwho had mad; Mr. Cary and the rest his guests the niebt before, ahd then ridden out With them at five o'clock that morning, after the wholesome early ways.^Uhe M m * ^eU ffi^sft o i w r w f e i S ^ f e r t : The first check said, with two low bows introducing!^*!* StfESP'3K CTests. o the the I ^ l h « ^ o b f e sorrv and Mr. Cary also, that any gentle S Eere should became neighbours of ours, S C a day, without ^L^S^jg Z^h thev are who honour our western Thule witn a K and showing them ourselves .aU^ie requital for the compliment of their pres- ,l6 D After which, the only,,thing, which, ;w>or EusS^onld'do (especfally as it was spoken loSSugh for all bystanders)-was to-intro- • dace ill due form Mr. Evan Morgans and Mr. Morean Evans, who, hearing the name, and S t was worse, seeing the temble tee wiOi Us quiet searching eye, felt like a brace of partridge-poults cowering in the stubble, with a hawk hanging ten feet over their heads. ' Gentlemen,' said Sir Richard blandly, cap in hand ; • I fear that your mails must have been somewhat in your way in this unexppcted gallop. If you will permit my groom, who is behind, to disencumber you of them and carry them to Chapel, you will both confer an honour ou iue. and be enabled yourselves to see the mori more pleasantly.' A twinkle of fun. in spite of all his effort, played about good Sir Richard's eye as he feave this searching hint. The two We.sh gentlemen stammered out clumsy thanks; and pleading great haste and fatigue from a Ion»journey, contrived to fall to the rear an J vanUh with their guides, as soon as the slot had "ieen recovered. Wi l!' said Sir Richard, pushing alongside of young Cary. Your worship?' Jesuits, Will !' itfay the father of lies fly afray with them over the nearest cliff!' He will not do that while this Irish trouble is about. Those fellows are come to practise here for Saunders and Desmotad. ' Perhaps they have a consecrated banner .11-the hw-tta scoundrels! Shall I and iVoung Coffin on and stop them ? Hard if itlie homst men may not rob the thieves once No^give the devil rope, and he will hang himself. Keep thy tongue at home, and thine eyes too, Will' How then ?' , • ... , Let Clovelly beach be watchfed night and day like any mousehole. No one can land round Harty Point with these south-westers. Stop every fellow who has a ghost of an Irish brogue, come he in or go he out, and send him over to me.' Some one should guard „ _ , Bude-haven, • Leave Lbat to me. Now then, forward, gentlemen all, or the stag will take the sea a l h „ e dtSi crashed down the Hartland glens, through the oak-scrub and the great $nd the baying of theslowj hound Mid fee tantaras of the hoin died away farther and fainter toward the Mue ^••rluMtiCi Whil^fce teompirators, with lighte d hearts, pricked fast across Bursdon upon their evil errand. But Eustace Leigh had ^lanc^pfthe Rose of Tpndge. He had seen ^r infe-^h, aid for She first time in hi life fallen utterly in love ; and now that she had come down close to "sfahers house he looked on her as a lamb fallen nouse, unawares intone jaws :„ ot of tn the g greedy * wolf S A * * chivalry, sacrifice, or purity in it; those were virtue which were not taught at Rheims. yareiui T a e n i a * t S ! was as b ^ d ^ r JBBSB-JGPSS li.At of his great wisdom, not beneath a ! bushl but beneath a dunghill; the age in u- IV^ nnmish Church had made marriage « the laity by a na^ ral and pardonable revulsion, had exalted e C tCp*fliKy, tjo^h an ^Siasf ' a ^ r a f sin w S - ^h be E h u a s£ V r ^ i . ^ t h e r e d from the ^ f f f i ' S with a wild selfish fuiy, out ° J might V ^ S r s frZ her. Of her perty, and k^p all others «o as 0D e . C o ^ were' inexScably wrapped up he had newr dreamed, Marria^e would up, ue Keina angry with that, ^ ^ ^ w a S ^ y embryo. He as yet falB w^if^^jer^se knew of his d r h d C w ^ l f m t e S hours in madsleepless bed, ;ana rose: ° the iiuiVvfKich he Sared not snatch. CHAPTER IV.—THE TWO WAYS OF BEING CROST IN LOVK. And what all this while has become of the fair breaker of so many hearts, to whom I have not yet introduced my readers ? She was sitting in the little farmhouse beside the mill, buried in the green depths of the Valley of Combe, half-way between Stow and Chapel, sulking as much as her sweet nature would let her, at being thus shut out from all the grand doings at Bideford, and forced to keep a Martinmas Lent in that far western glen. So lonely was she, in fact, that though she regarded Eustace Leigh with somewhat of aversion, and (being a good Protestant) with a great deal of suspicion, she could not find it in her heart to avoid a chat with him whenever he came down to the farm and to its mill, which he contrived to do, on I know not what would-be errand, almost evjiy day. Her uncle and her aunt at first looked stiff enough at these visits, and the latter took care always to make a third in every conversation ; but still Mr. Leigh was a gentleman's son, and it would not do to beiude to a neighbouring -squLce and a good customer; and**ose was the lion man's daughter and they poor cousins, so it would not do eithfer to qbarrel vfith h^; and besides, the pretty maid half by wilfulness, and half by winning tricks, generally contrived to get her own way wheresoever she went; and she herself had been wise enough to beg her aunt never to leave them alone,— Tor she • oould not a-bear the sight , of Mr. Eustace, only she must have someone to talk with down here.' On which her aunt considered, that she herself was but a simple country-woman; and thit to.vnfolks ways of course must be very different from hers; and that people knew their own business best; and so forth, and let things go on their own way.. Eustace., in the' meanwhile, who knew weli that the difference in 'creed between him and Rose was likely to be the very hardest obstacle in the way of his love, took care to keep his private opinions well in the background ; and instead of trying to convert the folk at the mill, daily bought milk or flour from them, and gave it away to the old women in Moorwinstow (who agreed that after all, for a Papist, he was a godly young man enough); and at last, having taken counsel with Campianand Parsons on certain political plots then on foot, came with them to the conclusion that they would all three go to church the next Sunday. Where MesStS. Evan Morgans and Morgan Evans, having crammed up the rubrics beforehand, behaved themselves in the most orthodox and unexceptional manner; as did also poor Bastace, to the great wonder of all good folks, and then went home flattering himself that he had taken in parson, clerk, and people; not knowing in his simple unsimplicity, and cunning foolishness, that each good wife in /the parish was saying to the other, «He turned Protestant ? The devil tamed monk! He's only after Mistress Salterne, the young hypocrite.' But if the two Jesuits found it expedient, for the holy cause in which they were em- 61iSrked, u to reconcile themselves outwardly to the powers that were, they were none the less busy in private in plotting their overthrow. Ever since April last they, had been playing at hide-and-seek through the length and breadth of England, and now they were only lying quiet till expected news from Ireland should give them their cue, and a great ' rising of the 5Vest' should sweep from her throne that stiff-necked, persecuting, excommunicate, reprobate, illegitimate, aud proflgusurper, who falsely called herself the Queen of England. y For they had as stoutly persuaded themselves in those days, as they have in these (with a real Baconian contempt of the results of sensible experience), that the heart of England was really with them, and that the British nation was on the point of returning to the bosom of the Catholic Church, and giving up Elizabeth to be led in chains to the feet of the rightful Lord of Creation, the Old Man of the Seven Hills. And this fair hope, which has been shipping just in front of them for centuries, always a step farther off, like the place where the rainbow touches the ground, they used to announce at times, in language which terrified old Mr. Leigh. One day. indeed, as Eustace entered his father's private room, after his usual visit to the mill, he could hear voices high in dispute; Parsons, as usual, blustering; Mr. Leigh peevishly deprecating, and Campian, who was really the sweetest natured of men, trying to pour oil on the troubled waters. Whereat Eustace (for the good of the cause, of course) stopped outside and listened. «My excellent sir,- said Mr. Leigh, 'does not your very presence here show how I am affected toward the holy cause of the Catholic faith ? But I cannot in the meanwhile forget that I am an Englishman.' (7 o be continued.) 