RELIGIOUS XEWS. ^TtBULi District SYKODV-The sessions Jn coi nectim with tae Wesleyau Methodist .Middle Dis trict Synod were emmenced at Kapunda on Tues -iaj. October 2.. Theie were Bre3ei)l-Eev. C. T. j-ewman (caairmau of the District) in tbe chair, ami Kcv-s. D !i Wylie, J. Young Simpson, W. H. E?f?. Thoaui .M. Howe, W. A. laiujdiord, John uulinshajo, \\*ivian Eobsrts, Uorate laud and Charliii Dolto-- Hymn 512 was suur, and prayer offered by Kevs. D. S. Wylie and J. CiUling bam. Ine Bev. W. A. Sangaford, Secretary or the Uonfereace, was elected Secretarv; Eev. Vivian Eoberls, Journal SeeretarV a-id reporter to the Press, aad Ber. Hoiace i-auli As-istant .-iecrefcary. ? Tbe hnura of sesiion wera fixed as follows: — Morning, from 10 to i£.4i; afternooa, irotn 2 to 5, Eeva. W. A. L^ngsfurd au-l D. si. Wylie, on bsliaJi oi the brethr h, expressed tue sjmpathy felt by the Synod with the Chairunn on acciMiut of his recent sad bereavement. Tba' aevi J. Yocng rfimpson, T. M. Howe, John Gil ?ngham, aud H. Faull were welcomed to tin dis tncc. TneCuainnan reported that tn= Presideac of the Conlereuoe hid felt it necessary to i-c.Ul ttev. Charles Dolay from Queen's College in order to Buppiy tie Eudm.da Circuit; in tins district Th« question of ministerial cha racter was iu each case satisfactorily auswered. a serious conversation took pKca on the subject o? infent baptism, in wbich sevaial brethren took part. The Chairman rapoited re the uiovei enis oC the proposed Foreign n'lssion for the district. On Wednesday the financial District hynod washd-:, when, m addition to th-j minsters, the folio* ing repre-eutatives were present :— Mr. C. H. AniieHs, Gawler; Jir. John Manay, Tempi ws- Messrs. G. 2. Swann and Barrett, Angasiou; Alegars. J. W. Oats ^ m^r' ^f^0'1' iia?nE.ia; 31es=re. Crews aud T. W. WilKtns-jn, kooriiKa; Mr. tiosling, Eu^umie. Alessrs. C. H. Annells and James Peoic-a expressed the nl-asure or tho Uyutu ia bavin- the ltev. C. T. Kewwan with them as Chairman, and also their sjiapathy with him ou account uf tiis recent bereavement. The Chairman s-niiablv ac-KU'.wledged the kiudly refeteuce^ and cordially welcomed the laymen pre-ent. The Kev. Vivian Bob rts repurted that during the year tw» class rooms had beeu erected at Will^ion at the co=v. of £72 2s. Sd., of which £58 2s. Sd. bad been paid, leaving a debt of £16. Tbe Eev. W. 11. Eofe rep'rted_ that a new Church had been erected at ICyuuga, in the Glare Circuit, at a cost of £-.0S, of which £liOh»-t been raised. Tlie Eev. C. Dc-ley reported that in the Euduuda Circuit anew Church hail b en built at Roberts town at a cost oi f^uo, and was opened not ouly free of debt, but »itb ;i bal -nee in hand. A prant of £WJ from the Lo.ui Fuiid wismide to the O'awier Trust. A conversa tion took place ou the subject of deia,uiters in the Loan Fund, explanation-! being pi ven tiy thetsuper intendeiits of tbe diif rreni Circuits concerned The, grant made to the District from the Home Mission Fanil was £115, aud was apportioned a* follows:— Kedruth, £40; Anjraston, £40; Temjilers, £20; Euduuda. £10. It was resolveil to setui as a recom mendation to C nterence tliat in future the Murray River ilksioa effort bt) incorporated in the ordinary returns of revenue for Home Jlissious, as tbia riyuod is of opini'ii that efforts of a special charac ter interfere with th« regular canvas tor subscrip tions for the Uome Mission Fund. It was made a recjuiinenuation to Conference that the Anga.toi! and Templers Circuits be amalgamated. Tiie statistical returns showed a decrea-e of 14 members of Socieiy, an au increwe 'of 43 riunday-sclu-o! scholars. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson was appointed in accompany the * bairman as representaiive of tha district on the Stationing Committee. Mr VV. J. Xock was re-elected to aci-ompany the Chairman as lay representative of the Home Mission Commiuce. Eesolut ons were received from the Templers and Siverton Circuits a3 recummendations to thu Annual Conference. As tnese proposed tn sffect the constitution and opemtion of Cua :-ta.tioRing Committee in an unconstitutional nunner, the Chairman ruled them out of order. The Eev. D. S. Wylie moved and the Kev. J. T. Siinpson seconded — 'That pending the settlement of the question of Methodist union, this District Synod disapproves of any proposal t« aaer t&u; constitution of our Stationing Coinin ttee.'1 Carried. The Rev. D. S. Wylie moved and lisa E«v. T. M. Eowe beconded— 'That this District Synod learns with Emigre satisfaction thux thd recent referendum on the subject of Methodist union has resulted in an exceedingly lar^a majority of members, trustees, and other office 'beiirers voting in favour of it, and while heaitily endorsing this verdict of the Circuits respectfully urges the Conference to take all necessary step* ia give effect to it as speedily as possible. Carrieu by a majority of 9. It was made a recommendation to Conference — 'That pending the settlement of the rjuestion of Methodist union the commit ee in the order and form of Conference business be not reappointed.' It was resolved to huld the uext. Financial District Synod on the last Wednesday ia October, 1S97, at Kooringa. The members of tho Synod were entertained at luncheon in the lecture hall adjoining the Church bj the ladies of the congregation. The Mayor of ths tovra, iha ministers of the oiher Churches, and many of the leading residents with their Indies accepted an invitation to be present, a pleasant hour was spent. The Chairman, Eev. C. T. Newman, spoke to the topic of 'Tho Queon,' and the company united in sinking the National Anthero. Ex- President, Eev. J. Y. Simpson, esprL^scd the kiudly wishes of the District. Synod fo? the sister Churches. The sentiment was acknowledged by tho Rev. A. G. Fry, Cou grepationalist. The Secretary of the Conference, Kev. AV. a, Langsford. spoke to the 'subject of the spiritual a«d material welfrre of the town of Kaimnda. The flavor, Mr. Evan James, responded. The Rev. Vivian Roberts expressed the thanks of the Sjnod for the hospitality displaced by the Iadie3. Mr. James Pearce replied on behalf 'of tho ladies. On the Wednesday evening a demonstra tion in aid of Home Missions was held. There was a pood audience, and adilresse3 were deliveie i bv the Revs. W. H. Rofe, T. M. Rowe,and V. Hobertt.. The choir gave so-ue selections from the Fisk Meloiiies. On theThur- day morning the Bynoii rcasjembied fora ministerial session. -The Kev. C. Doiey «aa reooaiinended to be continued as a probationer. Tha Synod ucanimoualy pasis-ed a resolution of sympathy with the sufferers in tbe -Tro *pbt, and ex pressed the hope that all our people who are abla will con ribute to the suppart of any fund esta blished for thrfr relief. Catholic Diocese op Port Augusta. — Thn annual Syuo of the Diocese of Port Augusta vra* arraajie^rto be held at Paierhburg in St. Aimcleiu-.' Church on Wednesday, the ilst inst., hat oxvinp tok the death of the lite fte'. P. Ciearyat Quornon tha 18th inst, the .syno-! did not meet till the 22nd, a day later thau originally fixe-i. On the latter date, therefore, a larse congrecation filled the churoh to join in the preliminary prayers and psalms and assist at the Holy Mass. The Bishop, the Ri.ahfc Rev. Jcmes M«her, D.D., and tbe cleriiy to the number of twelve, had met on tbe afternoon of Wed nesitay for a. conference at the local presbytery. During the early morning of Thursday several Masses were celebrated in the church, and at 0.30 a.m. the Bi-hop and priests again assembled and marched in solemn procession to the cliur.h, chant in!! *' Veni Creator' with %-arious prayers and psalms. Thesa over, tbe Mass was kuiir by the Very Rev. J. H. Xorton, the Vicar-General. li the lanswtRe of the Church it was a solemn M'tssa Cantata, and the pauicular Mass whs that of th- Holy Ghost. Besides the Bishop and the Vicar-General the nair-es of the clersy are a-s follows, viz., Very Rev. \V. O'Dowling, S.J., Koo rins-i; the Revs. S. Karlinger, S..T., ami T. J. Carroll, --J.. Jamestown: A. l'arsch, S. J., Georye to-vn; T. O'Connor .and W. Dumphy, Port i'lrie; R. Doyle, f'arrieton; \V. Doyla Port Ansu^ta; E. A. Mulcaby »nd P. J. Carroll, Pekina; and M. 'Ward, Peteisbaig. The Choir sanp tho various pottionsof the services in a very devotional and sotercn manner, nnder .Mr. A. Malycha's iiaton, -with Miss Hilda Brad* as onranist and » full comnlemnnr nf sinsers. After the .Ma?s num»-ron» other psalms an-- prayers, toiretber with the Litany of the Saints, »ere chanted, alter wbich tbe la. iy withdrew and the business of Synod began. The iisnal synodal routine, top=th»-r with the transaction of other matters of importance in the Diocese, bronght this meeting to a close about 12.S0 p m. Most of thn clergy returned to tbeir respect ve ilis'rictsduriri™ the rt'ternoon of the S2ncl inst., an [ alt. both B! -bop a d clerjry, were enierfained -'uring taeir stay by theVe filer. Father Xorton, V.G. CintiST Cncacii Festival. — This fes*tvai took place on Wednesday. There was a large congr--ca- ticm, antltbe Rsv. L. P. Crawfurd, Bi«b»p's Chap'ain, preached an appropriate sermon. Special reference lieins; incite to the ' Feast of St. Simon End St. Jucie.' Tho sinking was by the Ci- ri-fc Church Choir nnd the Ch»ii of St. Pattl'«, Adelaide. ' King all glorious' (Barnby), the anthem. w:js beauti fully suns. Solos were taken by Messrs. Howies and J-a*h, Christ Church Choir. The whole service was triveu ivith excellent effect anij psi-clr-ton. M^r. ftwics, ff sl Paul's was thf orp mist anil M^r. Wallace Packer conducted. After the service, at the invitation of the Dean and Wardens, both choirs ami clergy a'ljowrned to the school rwia, where generJ conversation and refreshment wje indulged in. ST. Buna's, SEMAPHORE.— The Sem«phor« Tovra HnHpresenfceil a cio-viled appearance on Wednes day evening, when th- pjiri^hi i-ers of St CedoTs exteudc-d a tearty «elcomf i o tbe Bev. W. A Camp l.ell, who. on Tuesday, arrived fi»m a trip to Eng lsind. The opportunity was also taVenof liidiiug iarewWl to the Rev. George GriSlbs, lately ap pninted to the charge of the Climcli of England at wiliiinjja. Mr. J. Norton, on behalf of the mem bers of ihe Church, welcomed Mr. Campbell, and die Ri-v. G. Griffiths supported. Mr. Norton also bamleu Mr Gr.fiths a purse of Aover»-ign!i -which ha i been su'jscribeii by ihfi parishioners. Mr. AV. U. Thompson and other |:fiitismen spoke. St. Paul's. Port Adelaide.— Canon Sam well has artanso i to preach a special sermon t ? v^cr.g men on lbs evening of the f.r-t Snriday in e^ch month in St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide. Tha first of tbo seller will be delivered to-morrow eveninp, the subject chosen being ?' True Grea'ne-'s.' MOVEMK.VTS Or THE ARCHBISHOP.— Archbishop O'Reily is conducting his financial cjimp?.i^n wish accu-tomed vigour at dloant Gamhier (say3 tho Svutli&n; Cross}. The- rieinal plan o{ canvas^inp: the wh-ile of the South-Eastorn district has been i- odificd, and Dr. O'Heily now intends staying in Mo-'iitGatubit-r until his retnrn to AtlelsiUe. Th» uiicanva.1«-!t'd ditricts, at Millict-nt, Allaada'o, Penola, Narracoorte, Ac., will not be visitetl until the early part of next year. As wp mentioned last, weefe «he assessment system has been initia ed at Mount Gambler, with the result that .51.300 is ex pected from the various contributor''. Several larse amounts have been subscribed, but we will not publish them until the return* are cpnipletc Dr. O'Reily's health is good and he administered confirmation at Jlillicent and Mount Gam'-ieroa Monday and Wednesday la-t Kairs is badly re quired at the Mount, and unless some falls thorlly the potato crops will suffer considerably. 