NOT'ES AND. EVENTS, An important measure was passed through all.its stages in the Assembly on Wednesday and forwarded to the Legisla tive-Coeneij, We refer to the bill intro duced by Mr f'(sregor, M.L.A;,.the mom her for Ballaxat, hasing for its object the placing 'of all ratepayers' names on the municipal electors rolls whether ?eay hye paid their rates by the 10th June or not. Quite recently we drew attentioi to the glaring injustice to which a large body of the ratepayers of the colony were subjected in being deprived of a voice in the govern ment of their own local affairs, although ratepayers in every sense of the term, and there is no necessity to reneat the arguments again; they ought to have been conclusive to every reasonable 'person. In the division list, published elsewhere, on Wednesday the member for Polwarth voted.againat the measure, and we canndt help remarking that it looks very much off when.a professed Libexal Wember like Mr Baker . figures. beside Measrs Murray Smith, Madden. Russell, Moule, M-'Arthu, Austin, etc. The: bill was one that ,every .ruo Liberal should have supported,because the present system lias simply been main tained to keep the landed proprietors in the councils of the colony, in too many instancedos to serve their own- ends, Is it Mr Baker's opinion- that. because a man is 'poor and unable to liquidate his indebted, ness to the council by a certain date he should be deprived of the privileges to. which every citizen is honestly entitled ? Much consternation was shown by the Conservatives on Wednesday, but the "other place" ivill do its luty in their interest-reject the measuro. Considerable interest is manifested fa the election of two directors to serve on lhe board of the Colac Dairying Company, and present indications seem to point that the event. will be keenly contested. Every available vote is certain to be polled, and the returns should be thoroughly repre sentative of the opinions of the shareholders. There should, however, be no "plumping," as this is most unfair to the candidates who may be blackblle, It seems to be regarded by the shareholders that Dr Wynne will be elected, and that the contest between Mr Tulloht who has been chairman of the company snca its in aeption; and Mr Johnstone will be close, The hours of polling are from 12 noon till four o',esi, at the secretary's ofice, Murray street, . . sra ll posible efforts were made by re ives and friends to discover the body of we G. K. Prime's fine young son, Clyde, no to was.drownediih the Barwon River on m( nday. After considerable difficulty, the rii er being very much swollen, the body in .s found on: Tuesday near the spot co ere it is surmised poor young Prime met A sdeath. It has been qscertained that fo rtion of the bridge (known as Han- gr ek's) was broken, and to all'.appear- N ces the horse fell through and un- of sted its rider it this point, the animal gi anaging to save its own life. As men- in med last issue the boat taken down by -i r T. Scott. and. manned by Mr A. E. as 'Cure, assisted by Constable Curtain, of at slac, and others, materially assisted the no arch party in discovering the body. An h quiry was held on Wednesday and a h mrdict of accidental death by drowning n as returned. I here have been numerous d tpressions of sympathy for Mr and ?rs w rime in the loss of their promising boy. h The funeral of the late Malthew Sheedy t a Tuesday was-one of the largest that has b assed tnrough Colac, there being over 70 hicles and an exceptionally large number h E horsemen. This bore striking testimony f the respect in which deceased was held, . 11 sections of the community being a spresented in paying the last tribute of r espect. At Mrs Sheedy's residence there o as a large concourse of people, and as the C ortege wended its way along the main f horoughfare to Colac it was an imposing, c hough nevertheless sad, spectacle. A num f the members of the H.A.C.B. Society, d o which deceased belonged, marched in I ront of the hearse, on either side of which ode several neighbors and friends of the s amily wearing white bands-a custom c dopted in some parts of the colony. The oflin and pall bearers were members of the 3.A.C.B. Society. There was an immense ollection of beautiful floral offerings from sympathising friends, and in another olumn Mrs Sheedy returns thanks for the ilent tokens of respect thus shown. The service at the grave was read by the Rev. AI. Nelan, and the funeral arrangements vere conducted by iMr' Sharrow with, his osual efficiency. It was a sad coincidence hat the deceased attended a sale in Colac he previous Tuesday in his. usual state of 2ealth, and that day week his remains were being conveyed to their lasting place. Nice rain fell yesterday and this should Idd further stimulus to vegetation, which was given a great impetus by the .ro. sent moisture. Ten points hag fallen up to nine o'clock yesterday morning, at which hour the meter is registered daily, but the rain came down shortly afterwards. The following is the rainfall at Beech Forest for the month of August, as regis tered by Mr J. W. Gardner, Ditchley Park:--lst, "41 in; 2nd, "11 in; 5th, -48 in; 6th, "34 in; 7th, '16 in; 10th, '75 in; 11th, 56in; 12th,14 in; 15tb, 30 in; 16th, 47 in; 17th, "13 in; 20th, "15 in; 21st, -5 in; 22nd, "20 in ; 28th, 2"35 in ; 29th, 3-98 in; 30th, '50 in. Total,.ll'8 inches.. It will be seen by the above that the rainfall has been exceptionally heavy for the past month, and especially on the 28th and 29th, when a total of 6 33 inches was registered Mr Jase Short, the well-known surveyor, and party had a miraculous escape from death about one o'clock on Saturday morn ing last. They were sleeping in a tent on the Aire River, when a tree about 80 feet in length and some 12 inches at the base fell right across one end of it. It was fortunate that the tree descended where it did, also that the butt was not of more ex tensive proportions, or the whole of the occupants would assuredly have been killed. The ridge pole of the tent happened to be a very strong one and this helped to break the fall as well as the rebound, which generally ensues after a tree has touched the ground. The three men were sleeping -one on each side of the csnyass building and the other at the end, and the tree fell between the latter and his comrades, almost grazing their heads. Messrs Short and party are indeed thank ful for what was truly a marvellous escape from being ushered into eternity with dramatic suddenness. An enjoyable two hours' amusement will be provided by the Catholic Young Men's Society in the schoolroom this evening. In addition to a programme of songs, recitations, songs, etc., the proceedings will be interspersed with games of cards, draughts, etc. The admission is only a silver coin, . Although diligent inquiries have been instituted by the police they have not been able to discover, any traces of the goods stolen from Messrs Belyea and Fulton's establishment. It is, of course, a difficult task, rendered more so by the apparent fact that the burglars well understood their business. The annual .hone parade under the auspices of the Polwarth and South Gren ville PastoralandAgricultural Society ta?ke place on Friday next, commencing at 11 a.m. sharp. Owners who intend to parade their stock should notify the secretary by Tuesday. Parliament was occupied for the greater portion of Tuesday and Wednesday in dis cussing the Treasury Bonds Bill. The item £25,000 for the completion of roads, mainly in Eastern Gippsland, aroused con siderable discusuion. After tea on Wed nesday the galleries were well packed with visitors to the Agricultural show=-fermeers principally of course. This was an op portunity country members could not miss of showing how they could voice inside the House the needs of their constituents. Mr W. Anderson maintained that Gippsland has not an exclusive monopoly of poor shires, and with "tears in his voice" de clared -that on analysing the figures he found that of the £2),009 set apart for roads Gippsland was to receive almost the whole-at any rate Gippsland shires were to get no less that £23,000. Mr M'Arthr discovered that Heytesbury shire, which recently separated from the wealthy shire of Hampden, would not be able to psrtiei. pate unless a sum of £7700 seot apart for the poor fifth and sixth class shires were made available for distribution amongst all who could establish a good claim, so he moved an amendment accordingly. This brought Mr Baker to his feet with a de claration tha t.there were other Western District shires more deserving than the re miarkably level one of:Heytesbur~y. Tj0n MIr BRussell and Mr I, M. Smith declared for the amendment, the latter thr.sting direct at Mr Baker, who he charged with selfishly edging in a claim on behalf of the wealthy shire of Colac, 'where the un eyaned increment was enormous, for he himself la4d there seen land which was bought for £1 an acre sold for £19." It is not always that a Gonserva~tve pill admit that there-is anything monstrous nquneted with unearned iicrements. The annual sheep sales were opened at Meursr Goldsbrough Mor?a'nd Co.'a ware: house, Melbourne, on iMonday last, when a large number of high class merinoes were disposed of on behalf of thb leading breeders of Tasmania, Victoria and New South Wales, The attendancs of buyers was e0; eeptionally large, including representetives from all parts of Australia, and prices were the best that have been ruling for years. The highest price realised was for Mr Jas. GibsQp'e first prize ram Nelson, who was disposed of to Messara'Baildy and Wynne, Terrinallum,nCas pe.rdown for 1200 guineas. The sale was contidued on Tgesday, when splendid prices were again realises. gr Wmin. H. Bulivut, of Ye purcbased two Linco'n rams at sx guminasa the propelty of-Mr F, Sutton, nRunnvmede New gealsld, and a Lincoln ewe at four guinteas. Such a thing as opo stio to a nittihg member of the Legislative Couucitis virtet ally unknown, for reasons that are os thi surface. The difference of political com plexion between the members is so trifling ,hat one formula willcover them all. Con sexvatm4ve is not likely to fight Conservative for a seat, wlhen by waiting for a vacancy he pas generally got one, as Sir Henry Wrixoi loas lust done, ~tmQp?l my contest. Hawks do cot'pqcl out hawvlp den. 4n4 as for Liberal opponitiot to any pithig member, it is. almost out oaf theo q.esi . The size of the provinces, the exrpe of thecontest,and te efactthatthere is nopay. ment of members, puts it beyond the power o apy but a man with a long purseo to press b's caTdtd-? pp (Age). It is thus thatthe country at le feling itself shurt out from all voice 5ndvom m the shaping of the Upper Chamber, hasir acqieced n the periodical force by which a number of elderly gentlemep ',a.k out and in' again under the form ofo' .i.gtp .h..o'io:?ntry e.". Mr Cecil Rhodes is well known as a woman-hater: A nurse who was in a nursing community at Cape Town when he met with his serions accident while out riding told me (Gentlewsoman) the follow. ing story :-He was carried home quite un. conscious, with a badly dislocated shoulder A telegram was immediately despatched for a trained nurse. When the th tele. gram arrived great consternation prevailed. No one butthe sister-in-charge-a woman of twenty years' experience and a specially gifted nurse-cbould be entrusted with so important acase. "-The Premier's life was in danger-everything else must be set aside.".. Just as she made arrangements to start came A second telegram saying, "do not come." In the meantinme Mr Rhodes had. recored consciousness, and realising how ill he vwas, his first words were:-"' Let no devil of a woman be sent for!" No one dared disobey- him. The consequences were, rather than submit to be bandaged, he three times ordered the surgeon's handi. work to be undone, so that he was to endure the inconvenience of an unset shoulder. blade for the rest of his life, because he would not submit to a woman nursing him! The people of New South Wales ought by all the laws of freetrade jogic to be a highly satisfied community now that they have got rid-temporarily at least-of the " incubus of protectiol." They are getting chaff from Ceylon, boots from Japan, wheat and flour -from California, and sugar from coolie labor countries-and yet they are not happy. This is singular, considering that one in. dustry after another gives up the ghost, I killed by cheap foreign imports, that deati. Sttign in Sydney has increased alarmingly, and the army of unemployed is attaining -colossal proportions. At a'conference of agricultural societies e in Melbourne on Wednesday evening it e was resolved on the motion of the Hen. J., I H. Conner, M.L.C., "That the Government, r having reduced the grant to agricultural societies from .24,000 to £3500 without e having given due notice of its intention to do so, has been the cause of involving many \- of the principal agricultural societies of the colony in pecuniary difficulties of a serious e nature that threaten to impede their 0 further progress and most injuriously limit f their sphere of usefulness in the future. -e Also, that the Government be requested to advance to the different agricultural d societies the amount of their indebtedness, h free of interest, on the same principle as the loan to shire councils had been recently a granted, and the grant to agricultural it societies be continued as at present." r, Yesterday was the anniversary of the s. death of James Harrison, one of the h founders, and for many years editor, of the e- Geelong Advertiser. He was the first man y in the whole world to make ice by 18 artificial process on a commercial scale for commercial uses. The invention b, pioneered the way for all existing -5 oversea traflicin perishable products. The S8 inventor's reward was financial ruin. The [t world reaps the benefit. The man himself 11 is by the world forgot. He sleeps in the st Geelong cemetery, not a stone to mark the h, grave, d The insolvency schedule of Mary Ann ]M'Donald, of Camperdown, married woman, r, was filed with Mr J. W. Lloyd, chief clerk, m onTuesday last. Debts, £52 12s 7d; assets, '- £3 4s 6d; deficiency, £49 Ss Id. Cause on Want of employment. The insolvency et schedule of Alexander Ross, of Colac, rail. se way employd, was also filed with Mr Lloyd as yesterday. Debts, £86.4s Id; assets £7: it deficiency, .279,4s ld. Causes-Pressure of x- creditors, reduction in wages and sictness be in family. d. Holding forth rapturously at a temper. be ance meeting the other evening a teetotal ak member of Parliament of violent and radi sh cal propensities exclaimed, " When Dives ed went'below he did not ask Lazarus for ag wine, or whiskey, or brandy, or colonial ag beer. No; he only asked him for a single be drop of water. Now, what does that iis prove ?" He paused for a reply, and then a Is. deep bass voice from the back benches k- growled out, "It proves where teetotallers pe go to when they die !" The orator changed th thesubject. Abta meeting of the Free Library De. ill monstration Committee on Tuesday the ' secretary stated that the profit from the recent sports gathering would be abqut g. £35, but the returns were not quite comn l plete. As the library committee meet this Is, evening it was decided to forward a progress payment of £25. en AN- IMPORTANT MEASUREn en PASSBBED BY THE. ASSEMBLY, ids - a's TO. ARLISH THE DISFRANCHISING sit OF RATEPAYERS. it - eir For .once, something of importance was accomiplished in private members' time in he the'Assembly on Wednesday. This was n- the-passage through all its stages without -e amendment of Mr M'Gregor'e Local Go. 11 vernment Act Amendment Bill, the object de of which is to put an end to the disfranchis by ing of owners and tenants on account of rates not being paid before 10th of June, The member for Ballarat East had had to er wait a long time for. his opportunity, but is- now it came. Certain municipal councils he attempted to organise an effective opposi is, sion to the measure, but they had not suc n- ceeded. What points had been urged out d- side against the bill (the chief of which th was that it would destroy the power to rs enforce the payment of rates) were easily )p dispospd of by Mr M'Gregor in moving the iss second realing, and then he stated reasons he for the bill which were strong enough to Sr satisfy all but those who willed notto bh nd convinced. For instance, in 1895, of i36i Sratepayers in the city of Ballarat, 14100 Ic were unable to vote because their rates had he not been paid in time, and although tenant For ratepayers had duly paid theirs in their he oents, In Ballarat East 1539 were di re frandhised in the same way; and this kind .r of thing obtained throughout the colony, ch Moreover the deprivatiolr of he democratd ire privilege to vote for representiatives not Ci' only applied to municipal but also to or Parliamentary elections, in so far as the e same ratepayers' rolls are used in both 1 cases. Amongst the Conservatives in the he House .there was a great flutter. They is thought the bill had been shelved in the le- limbo of forgetfulness. At all events they rn professed surprise and annoyance at its re e- appearance, and then proceeded to tecr at on it . -Mr Irvine led off with a plausible e4 argumpnt, that whilst no fair mind would g question te right of a poor man to his vote, t no sc indh p iple pbtained in municipal he affairs. h r t ongmor' ire n r' Fink \- showed that the member for Lowan ap, he parently misapprehended the proposal, an as it was further stated that some municipali is ties actually encouraged the practkce of lit falling into arears-of course for an ulterior Spurpose; also that,whether paidpunctually or not, 'ates als. atpeached to properties, at were ilways paid by tenants, betoe if: e cluded in their rents, and that the' Iuns;. a cipal Act bristled with clauses imposing Sthe' dpty on popncjIs of enforcinfig payments. Ms Mople arttesslyrconfesged that he could th not reconcile these arguments with hip . philosophy; ad he was answered by Mr T , Smith, who stated his own experience of Shaving been once turned awpy from a , polling booth because a landlord to whoee he had been paying a stiff rent had failed Sto perform his part of the contracthby keep, e, lng himself "financial" municipa'ly. The g Attorney-General gave the bill his pro Snounced support proving that ratepayers, whethei owners or tenants, had not merely . ponditional but an inherent right to votes. By By MP R. ,. Smith the anomalous in d, justice sougngt to be remedlea was regarded hse a trifling grievance, the remedy fq. Wlich was to be found in tenants paying og twice over--fst in their rents and then as i an advance on behalf of dilatory landlords. ta The second reading' qf the bill was carried n- by a majorityof 30 to 23, and after seme ag pitiful protests by the representatives oel n- clEass privileges (Ago) it was passed throu5g ce committee without a single alteration aod ay ordered .to be sent to the Legislative ry Council.. Fol'owing is the division list: Er B errtt Mr Harris Lr O'Neill Beasley Iiggins Outtrim Brqrtn Isacs, I.A. Peacoch s . of g vaeos, J.A. Prendergnast U- noster Sroes ir~rton mith, T, er coms L'Ca Taucehr, 1. B. 8 Giorr Pt'Gregor vios Hamilton er o Wiraiis, i, ait r Austini tGrAIttNn S Ir loule of -A ersans A. Irvine Russelll he Ar lenor Smith, R. 31. Eadden "Wheeler n uffius "o M'Arthr visiams E, OX ?'sfeuzle Zos - 9rshasn nll'Jgo 