TASMANIA!? NOTES Br NOTOS. THE CONVERSION SCHEME. What is proposed by Sir Philip Fysh, in his conversion schema, is to give a longer term in return for the lower interest, so that the debenture-holder will get practi- 1 cally an annuity, and posterity will have to piajf off the loan, if ever it is paid off. The question is, will people take debentures for, say, 50 years, instead of debentures for various terms, varying from 1 to 30 years, at a lower rate of interest, the value of the debentures being calculated at the present high price ? Some persons say that they will juiup at the longer term, seeing hovr difficult it is now to invest money well in England; but the bankers cannot be got to believe. Sir Philip has declared that colonies, or a colony, are bigger than any bank, and can do without banks, if the basks will not help. It remains to be seen what will be the result of a practical trial, but in any casie Sir Philip is entitled to the credit of having made a bold attempt to bring the colonies together to look after their joint financial interests. If they will not unite, then Tasmania will act alone, and try to set the others an example of how to lessen the load of interest which sits heavily on our shoulders. A GHOST IN HOBART. For the first time on record a ghost lias got mentioned in Parliament. We have heard in that place many *»es of a ghost of an argument, of a gl>-«* of a surplus, and even of a mere ghost of principle, butnowwe have a real live ghost-if ghosts are alive-and the Ministry has been asked what it mains to do about him, or her, or it, as the case may be. There seems to be no doubt as to the fact that some ruffian goes about the city waving bis arms at girls and women, for he carefully avoids men, and that he has caused several cases of nervous shock, lie does not appear to be very terrible in appearance, but be frightens the women, and ought to be put down. But the mem ber who moved in the matter got no satis faction from the Ministry, for he was merely told that the Hobart police were under the coutrol of the City Council, and there is an end of the matter. Cer tainly,, .the police ought to take active measures to put a stop to the pranks played, . as they are unpleasant to say the leaBt, but, then/no one. can say where to have him, in which respect he is the reverse of Mrs. Quickly, Hobart is rather a ghostly place. There are houses said to be haunted on absolutely HO evi dence at ell, and there is a readiness to believe in tales of ghosts, beyond what is generally found in -tiie other colonics. A PARLIAMENTARY PROBL.KM. Our little joke this session ariscsfrom the fact that somebody forgot t5 put at the eud of the Governor's Speech the words, "J now declare this Parliament open," and the Governor failed to supply the omission. The question has, of course, bjseiv rai*«J, Is Parliament open at all ? ; Spipp persbn# deelhre' that it even though the financial statement his i?ecn made,'arid the all the cloiry ot'fiw iftlie IfM&jfe; 4i« «ud<« when watft of the law. The judge's retort was that] as the man was in court it was a proof that he was born, and so the fact of Parliament! Bitting is a proof that it has been opened. This appears to bie conclusive, but people will have their joke, and so they go about ] saying that the military hand played, once again, '"e don't know where 'e are," as it ? did a year ago, and that the Governor did not know where he was. The military authorities avet that this was not the air played, but quite another. Still the joke prevails. OFFICIAL CHEESEPARING. A great Popkins question has arisen. It. is shall the Speaker and the President of the Council officially visit the Governor in landaus, which cost a pound a day, or in common cabs at Is. an hour, that is, when i you happen to be charged the legal fare, | which is seldom or never? The Auditor General cannot see why these charges should be set down to the general revenue, but he has been answered by the clerk of the Council, a gentleman very learned in the law and deep in precedents, that these are official functions, and have been always charged to the general revenue (see about I fifty authorities). To this array of learning | the auditor docs not seem to have replied, any mere than he has to similar reasons for expenditure for "Black Rod's funeral," at which the President spent 10s., and charged it to his country. But the Premier, who has a faculty like the elephant's trunk, equal to tearing down a tree or picking up a pin, and who once used to collect shil lings for maps which he sold over the counter, recommended the President to pay the money and be done with it. The President seems to have been inclined to :olleet the 10s. for doing honour to the re mains of Black Rod, but is silent as to the pound, which is to be paid out of the revenue. This has proved too much for the Premier, who has issued an order that the officials shall in future eo to Government - house in cabs, at the ordinary fares. To this the Presi dent has replied in a memorandum to the effect that the President of the Council will not officially meet the Governor in a cab. The Speaker has made no sign, but the question is, what is to happen next time? Will the President and Speaker stop away, will they pay for their own landaus, or will they defy the Premier and charge their ex penses to the general revenue? We shall see. The economy of the Premier is amusing and hypercritical, when we happen to know that his Ministry has spent a con siderable amount of money in paying for advertisements in little, almost unRnown, papers, solely because they give a blind sup port to the people in power, and when we know, also, that efficient officers in the De fence force are paid starvation salaries, and that the country rifle corps cannot get a proper allowance for ammunition, though they are the very backbone of the Defence force. THAT ANCHOR MIKE. That Anchor mine is still the cause of trouble, or rather the circumstances in con nection with its prospectus, and has al ready made its appearance in Parliament, though the session has hardly begun. Mr. Dobson wants to know if Sir E. Braddon still insists that he compared it to the Mount Huxley Company, and Sir Edward answers that be heard him make the com parison. Mr. Dobson is prepared to pro duce members who mil make oath that he did not say what is imputed to him, while Sir E. Braddon avers that he has four members to back him up. On the other hand, it has been pointed out that no fewer than four newspapers were represented in the gallery when the speech in question was made, and the comparison does not ap pear in any of them. Sir E. Braddon said that he would satisfy Mr. Dobson pri vately, but whether he has done so or not I do not know, but I do know that Sir E. Braddon is showing very bad form. Mr. Dobson's denial would have been at once accepted by any person who has a respect for the usages of society, 6eeing that it is supported by 60 much evidence. Sir E. Braddon may think that he is right, but then he ought not to persist when there is so much against him. The fact is the statement was a good one to rouse the miners with, and it is hard now to have to unsay what was said when on a stumping expedition. Still, the whole business is a question of manners. A MYSTERIOUS COUNCIL. The Launceston Municipal Council is like Falstaff-it declines to render a reason upon compulsion, and even goes further than he, for it will not render a reason on persuasion. It says, in effect, "If reasons were as plentiful as blackberries it will give _ no man reaeon on compulsion," and so an anxious world, aided by the Central Board " of Health, cannbt find out why the sanitary officer was dismissed. All the council has condescended to eay is that he was dis-. «< .jaUtaisd because six aldermen voted for the " dismissal, which can hardly be regarded as fc satas&dttiy; reply. The Central Board of Health, of -course, is not satisfied, and people W*nt to know what it is going to do ? fiext/lmt BO jUBffer has yet been given to ibe %%£ Launceston Council has ' ^ """ fiirtliar than this, having taken ifc«iinply enough to make us I we are- One alderman tabled j ihat the council had ; the health officer, )tly fined £1 for _ iis extraordinary taken under ive doubts as one, and yjrill happen if The local 