Correspondence. Epps' Legislative Giants of the Fast To THE EDITOR. Sir,- Mr Epps, of the Nation al Ass, breaks out now and then, like his nation alistic confrere, Mr Combustible Wingen Abbott. Of course, our Redfern friend, Jimmy McGowen, M.P., Sunday-school superintendent, tee- totaller, social dembcrat and labor man. is fair game for the asinine admirer of the great (?) men of other days, and he therefore endeavours to make the aforesaid James appear ridiculous. I have known quite a number of Members of both Houses since 1858-some of them intimately, and I do not think anyone will question my statement when I say that the Labour Members in the Assembly-take them all, good, bad, and indifferent-have con ducted themselves as decent men, and will com pare very favourably, both in this respect and also in the matter of capacity, with many of the " giants of the past." Some of the best of them did not set good examples-either to young mem bers or to their constituent?; and in this cate gory I may include the late Sir J B Darvall (instance his shameful attacks upon that grand old man of Australian politics, Dr Lang), W M Arnold, "Tom" Garrett, Arthur Todd Holroyd, Macpherson (Central Cumberland), David Bu chanan, Robert Wisdom (a personal friend of my own), and such " giant intellects" as " Joe" Eck ford, Hanley Bennett, " Billy" Cummins, and Phil Dignam-who was an enlarged edition of our only Macjackalone. Here is a specimen of Mr Dignam's oratory in the Assembly in 1867 : " Mr Speaker, the hon member for Central Cum berland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite,vaad shows his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr Speaker, that the hon member is not to be held. You can't get bim at anything. What am I to do ? I am a Government supporter because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the stat? io which you have been sweated there, in that- chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is; because, forsooth, I ask a question, be turns round and says I'm oneaf the Government rags ; one of the Government tripe cones-bullocks and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not care for the government or him. I am such a sort of infatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised, nor was I re quested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House, or the want of Members; but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye-teeth drawn out, or cut out, or some thing else, and put into a state of being civilized, or something of this kind-why, any hon member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down, goring, and running in fine thoroughbred fellows-we are obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stop ping his gab. The hoa member who moved the motion,; there is no member in this House, Mr Speaker, so fond, I believe, of himself as he is. He knows it; and I accuse him, although he is the Government outside man. But still, what does he want to do with the Governor? Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul! He's got a card, or somebody else has, to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone-that's what I say. Bun these people who used to be, John knows where-(it's very well for bim to gammon to be asleep) they never used to give a feed. You knew that, Mr Speaker, as well as I do." The reporters, and other strangers, were here ordered to withdraw. So much for the unpaid " giant intellects" of the past-and I chal lenge Mr Epps fo show me any speech from " Hansard" that can approach the one just quoted in point of idiocy. 1 have on a former oc casion, in another paper, shown that Mr Epps is very imperfectly, acquainted with our politics, and the parliamentary "history of the past. He is simply a parrot, and mouths what be has been told. Of course he is paid to do this, and there fore does his duty to his employers while he blackens our, parliamentary institutions and libels met} whose boots he is not worthy enough to clean. The record of the present Parliament is a good one; and the nineteen members forming the Labour Party have no reason to be ashataed of themselves, for their actions all through have been such as to win -thein the applause of not only their own constituents but of those who tio not believe in a Third Party. Yours, &c.;, G. C. J. 