NEWS AND NOTES. FREEMASONRY. - The installation of Brother J. C. Strickland as Worshipful Master of the Lodge of St. John will take place this evening at 6 o'clock in St. George's Hall. MR. J. SHARPE, ILA. Amongst the passengers who arrived from the Eastern colonies by the E.M.S. Ophir was the head master of the new Scotch College, Mr. John Sharpe, M.A. This gentleman arrived in Perth yesterday, and is at present the guest of the Rev. D. Ross, M.A. It is proposed to open the college in the first week of February. A NEW DRAMATIC COMPANY Mr. J. Stilling Duff, who left for the Eastern colonies a few days ago, will be away for about three weeks. During that time he will make all arrangements in connection with a new dramatic venture. On his return he will bring with him a number of pieces, with which he will shortly open in Perth, with Miss Millie Finkelstein as leading lady. PAINTERS AND DECORATORS' ASSOCIATION. -The usual fortnightly meeting of this association was held at Jacoby's Hotel last evening. Mr. J. Wannell presided over a large attendance. The nomination of officers for election at the next meeting took place, and several new members were elected to the society. It was decided to hold a smoke social at an early date. The remainder of the business was of a routine character. TO-DAY'S ISSUE. Ina two-page supple- ment published with this morning's WEST AUSTRALIAN will be found the report of an interview with Mr. Charles Bethel, of London, on the growth of the West Australian shipping trade, a copy of a lengthy circular issued to the shareholders of the W.A. Exploring and Globe Finance Corporation, commercial news, &c.; Advertisements appear under the headings of public notices, business announcements, medical and racing. : FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' BALL A very successful ball was held in the Fremantle Town Hall last night under the auspices of the United Friendly Societies of Fremantle. The hall was prettily decorated, a prominent feature being the banners of the different societies. Mr. clough's string band supplied the music, and the dancers, of whom there was a goodly number, spent a very enjoyable evening. Mr. G-. Garvey, as master of ceremonies, carried out his duties to the satisfaction of all present. THE HOLIDAYS. The somewhat lengthy holidays which, in accordance with the usual custom in this colony, mark the arrival of the Christmas season, have come to an end, and to-day the different public offices, and banking, insurance, mercantile, and other business establishments resume their' daily routine. This will, however, only last to-day and to-morrow, as the New Year's holidays commence on Friday. In the case of the Government offices and the banks, the holiday will last two days, namely Friday and Saturday ; but most of the other business places will close on New Year's Day only. CREMORNE THEATRE AND GARDEN?, The notice, " standing room only, might fairly have been displayed at the Cremorne Gardens last night, and indeed in the theatre at the 9 and 10 p.m. exhibitions' of the cinematographe, at both of which the audience enthusiastically applauded the photographs of actual life. The vocal and instrumental concert pleased the large audience, judging from the not infrequent encores, Miss Nagel's songs especially receiving marks of appreciation. For to-night there is a change of the concert programme in the gardens, and the cure- matographe will be shown at 9 and 10 p.m. in the theatre. W.A. SOCIETY OF ARTS.-The first exhibition in connection with the West Australian Society of Arts was opened by the Premier yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock, in Messrs. Robertson and Moffat's art gallery. A large number of ladies and gentlemen were present, among whom were Lady Forrest and Mr. E. H. Wittenoom, the Minister for Education. On his arrival Sir John was met by Mr. Bernard H. Woodward, the president of the society, who thanked him for his attendance. The Premier then formally declared the exhibition open. In all 169 exhibits have been hung, representing a great variety in the various branches of art. The arrangements are most complete, and the gallery is one in which an interesting and instruc , the hour can be spent. YE OLDE ENGLISHE FAYRE.-An»..në*' enormous crowd greeted the performers a the Fayre last evening, when the holiday bill was repeated. The rich tones of Miss Elvira Lee's contralto voice were again heard favourably in " Ben Bolt," which she sang on a few occasions for the Trilby Company with- marked success. Miss Ettie Williams met with a hearty incep- tion in her speciality items, and the. Anderson Sisters were applauded for their ¡ clever songs and dances. Miss Priscilla Verne, Miss Ida Holbein, Mr. Bob Bell, Mr. William Kelly, and Mr. J. Mooney were all in turn successful in their? various numbers, and the pleasing ballads of Miss Madge Stackpole must be accorded praise. The entertainment concluded with a laugh- able absurdity by members of the company. ALLEGED ASSAULT BY AN AFGHAN. Yesterday evening about half-past five a great commotion occurred in South-terrace, Fremantle, the cause of the disturbance being a fight between an Afghan and a jeweller named James Stewart. The Asiatic had all the best of the encounter, and he severely belaboured his opponent about the head and body the result being, that he soon found himself in the lock-up charged with assault. It is alleged that the altercation first started over a business transaction, and that after a few high words the if ghan, who gave his name as James Evans namesake of the chief acter in the recent Fremantle tragedy j set upon Stewart in a most savage manner and inflicted injuries necessitating medical attention. Jumna Khan will be brought before the local Police Court this morn, morning. ANOTHER MUSICAL ARTISTE The fast swelling ranks of Perth musical artistes have been recruited by still another add' tion in the person of Mrs. Aitken, who comes from Melbourne with a high reputa- tion as a teacher and soloist. Mrs. Aitken, who is the possessor of a pleasing and thoroughly well-trained voice completely under control, studied under the late Signor Miranda and Mr. J Ashcroft Edwards, and holds a certificate from Madame Christian, B.A.M., a distinguished Australian teacher of voice production. In Wesley Church on Sunday evening, at the very creditable performance of the " Messiah," Mrs. Aitken sang with much success "I know that my Redeemer Liveth," and at the opening of the West Australian Art Society's exhibition yesterday she gave a solo wich equally fine effect, her sympathetic interpretation, clear enunciation, and cultured tone calling forth warm expressions of appreciation. Mrs. Aitken announces that she is prepared to receive pupils for voice production or to accept engagements to sing at concerts, at homes," etc. FUNERAL OF MR. H. E. CLAY.-The funeral of the late Mr. Henry Ebenezer Clay took place yesterday afternoon. The body of the deceased gentleman was enclosed in a handsome coffin of polished English oak, with brass mountings and name-plate, and was borne in a hearse to its last resting-place in the Church of England cemetery, East Perth. A number of wreaths were sent by friends and relatives of the deceased, and were placed on the coffin. The burial service was read by the Right Rev. Bishop Riley, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith, and a large number of citizens, among them being many officers of the Post and Telegraph Department, attended the funeral to their last tribute of respect to their deceased friend. The pall-bearers were Messrs. E. Snook, S. Howlett, R. Hardman, W. H. Kennedy, and G. F. Stevens, of the Post and Telegraph Department, and Mr. H. S. Ranford, of the Survey Department. The chief mourners were Messrs. J. S. Brooking (brother-in-law) and Mr Brooking jun. (nephew), and Messrs. R. W. Hardey, G. Johnson, and Saunderson (2). The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. D. J. Chipper. OUR MINES AND FRENCH INVESTORS. From the Paris correspondent's letter to a London contemporary, received by the mail, we take the following:-"If the French investor is inclined to scout the idea of placing his money in colonial | undertakings, he is showing a more pronounced disposition to interest himself in foreign mining enterprises and at the present moment there is a good deal of talk in some quarters of a probable early revival in Westralian mining. Already a large amount of French capital has been sunk in these mines, and one or two of the financial bodies are making preparations to play a still more active part in the development of the Westralian deposits. A little while ago the Credit Lyonnais sent a mining engineer to study the Coolgardie goldfield, and it is announced that another expert, M. Chemin, who was dispatched on a similar errand by an Anglo-. French Syndicate, will arrive in Paris shortly, and should his report be favourable there is every probability that the Westralian shares will occupy a veq prominent position on the Bourse and that capital will be forthcoming for the financing of new undertakings." LADIES' CYCLING CONDEMNED.- At the annual meeting of the Melbourne branch of the British Medical Association on December 17, Dr. O'Sullivan, the retiring president, speaking, said I would fain say a few words with regard to the bicycle as a means of prog JS 'ion for ladies. In spite of myself I have become convinced that cycling, as gave rally practised to-day, must lead to unpleasant health results ; the injudicious use of the machine as seen daily on our thoroughfares ; the racing, the headgear, the long distance, the hill climbing," the tension of mind and exertion of body, cannot but be attended with serious consequences, and proclaim, with no uncertain voice, one more addition to the already overcrowded list of disease-inducing agents in female life. No man with" a knowledge of special female ailments will deny that the use of the pedal sewing-machine even when worked under the most favourable conditions a frequent cause of ill-health ; but in cycling the dangers to the individual are increased tenfold. Here nerve strain is certainly at its highest. Proceeding along our crowds. as the brain the- eyes>tbe ears, the ads, the feet must be ever on the alert and act in harmony, all remembering the close kinship existing between the brain and the generative organs, the almost in Stable result must be harmful." , A CAPITAL ENTERTAINMENT There was (very fair house last night at the St. George's Hall, Howick-street, to witness the really first-class entertainment provided for their patrons by Prof. W. A id Madame Davi-. The whole of the seat accommodation, however, was not copied a fact which must be attributed the counter attractions in the city. with the entertainment itself no fault could be found, and Mr. and Mrs. Davis are to be congratulated on the neat and thorough manner in which they succeed in mystifying their audience from the begin- "string of a long programme to its end. The first part of yesterday's programme opened with some cleverly executed sleight-of-hand tricks, first of all with packs of play ling cards, and afterwards with a watch and [bag. The Professor then repeated his è*'knet-dissolving" performance, in which he was very successful. When. the Pro- ressor terms the " spiritualistic slate writ thing" was a capital trick well performed. The other items in the first part part of the programme, including the ventriloquial entertainment and the " spirit manifesta- tions," were very clever. The second part of the programme was devoted to an exhibition of clairvoyance. Madame Davis, such to the perplexity of the audience was very successful in answering the questions written or thought of, by per- sons in the hall, after which Professor Davis gave an exhibition of how modern ghosts are produced, but he succeeded in leaving his audience just as wise as they were before. This was the concluding item of the evening, and undoubtedly the best and most remarkable, being a reproduction of Mrs. Melton's spirits, Cissie, Geordie, and Josephine. The professor succeeded in raising the ; spirits, notwithstanding that he was bound ''ia most systematic manner by members ! the audience, who also kept a strict but successful watch to detect any possible complice. This evening Mr. and Mrs. Davis will give a performance in the Church Hall at Midland Junction, and to Tomorrow Wednesday) night they will re- name their season at the St. George's Hall. 