SCEATCHINGS I3ST THE CITr. ■Br a PEKcrit. Xhat every line which wriheu here may be Go toils mark straight and unerringly That every lough be .clean and fairly bought That condemnation neverpo nnbaught; That rat or thrust or lenl opproriug checr, ■Aim uiuy be iionnst. thought and purpose clear. ( The appointments made by the Ministry in consequence of Wr. Oillon's death are probably only tentative,"but one of them is distinctly popular, and tho other might at least have been more unpopular than it is. As Commissioner of Crown Lands Mr. L. O'Loogblin will begin work with the cordial goodwill of nearly every fellow-member.; and there is not one of them all who will not give him a fair Chance to prove whether his amiability is matched by the more solid variety of ability. As Government Whip Mr. Butler will be generally congratulated because his recent loyal service in the capacity of a Ministerial echo has now gained for him a substantial advance in salary. He lias ability and industry, if not too much political stability, and he ought to do well. Probably if Mr. GUlen could from the hidden world have nominated his own suc cessor, Mr. OTjoughlin is the man whom he would have selected. The popular " Larry," as the new Minister is affectionatelytermed, ■was the most intimate friend Mr. Gillen had in Parliament. The two lived together when in town, and accompanied each other in "their walks and their political meetings and their entertainments. They were, indeed, inseparable; and I believe Mr. O'Looghlin's nerves will twitch with real ! pain during: the next fevr days every time he sees his predecessor's autograph on the office dockets. Greater love could no ■ politician bear for another than'tbat which : so pleasantly distinguished the dead Com missioner of Crown Lands and his living : successor. In connection with the formal adjourn- : meat of the Assembly and the funeral of ■ Mr. G-illen there were really pathetic scenes, but there was also a good deal of affecta tion and humbug. Some members of the . Cabinet were really deeply moved by the tragically sudden death of an estimable ■ and lovable colleague, but one or two ; members acted in the House the part of ■ Job Trotter, and one who wept most copiously was suspected of expecting to get j the vacant portfolio. To the funeral went i quite a number of people who had never | seen Mr. Gillen, and, indeed, had hardly ever heard of him, but who wanted a free trip to Clare at the expense of the Govern ment and a free advertisement at the expense of the newspapers. These are plain facts, and there is reason for mentioning them when sentiment has been overdone so j much as it has been in the case of poor j Peter Paul Gilleu. The excessive expenditure on the State funeral leads me, in spite of a deep esteem for a dead friend, who was far above petti ness, to point out how all honors and privi leges are tending nowaday to become political monopolies. Mr. Gillea entered i the Assembly only seven years ago, and drew between .£4,000 and £5,000 in Parlia mentary and Ministerial salary, and on his death his funeral has cost the taxpayer probably another £1,000 at least — say £6,000 altogether. So far, very well; Mr. . Gillen was doubtless worth all the outlay incurred. Bat contrast his case with that : of another servant of the .State, snih for . as the late Mr. Benham, so long ! the librarian at the Public Library. Mr. Benham was in the employ of the Govern- ; ment before Mr. Gillen was born, but pro- j bably in at least the first quarter of a j century of his tenure of office he did not j receive so much as has been spent out of i the Treasury in the "fifth of the time in connection with esteemed member of the Ministry who died last week. A few weeks ago Mr. Banham yielded up the ghost after a protracted illness which exhausted nearly all his means. His family had to bury him at their own expense, thus further impover ishing themselves. Had Mr. Benham been in almost any other branch of the Civil Survic j than that in which he was engaged he would have been able to claim long terms of leave of absence, and his widow would have been i enabled to draw at least £300 or £400 as retiring allowance. The facts of the case were brought before the Ministry by the Public Library Board, which suggested that the bereaved family might be granted wo month's salary in adiition to the month's pay which Mr. Banham was entitled to undsr the rules of the service. The amount involved was less than £/0, but the Ministry declined to pay it. There fore, I say that there is a monstrous con trast between the Ministerial action in the case of Mr. Benham and in that of Mv. Gillen, and I venture to add, because I was so well acquainted with the late Commis sioner's fairness, that if he were alive to day he would believe that the contrast amounted to an out-rage upon equity and decency. The trouble in the Adelaide Hospital— : But. no; I will not write any more ju.it now cn that dissM^fal subject, or even express the wish that tha Premier, iu reward for his virtues, mi^ht. be compel lei to be a patient for a day or two iuth&t; distressed instilntio-1. There is no harm, however, in mentioning that our of the doctors, who has taken the Premier's side in the dispute, evidently desuis it necess iry to make the most of iiii qualifications. His visiting , card bears the device: « Blank Blank, M.D., J.P. 1" In connection with the hospital a peculiarly «tu9so is© tiling happened a few days a<»o to a well-known city medical practitioner. This gentlesnan had for gotten to rinar up the hospital about some thing or ochec before he left- town on a round of visit:;, and ho used a suburban chemist's telephone to communicate with that institution. The attendant at the exeh.'mw, however, made a sad mistake ; for after the doctor had received the answering ring, he aske;l— " Is that the hospital ?" " No," was the r,*]>!y which came from the other end: They have put you on to the city slaughterhouse." " Let us strive to be happyis the ad vice given 1)v the Hon. Ebenezer Ward in someYather faltering verses published in last Saturday's Advertiser. The lines are not superfine—they don't scan very well here and there, and the rhyming of " morn ing" with "dawning,"and "symbols" with " gambols" is more original than impres sive. Neither is the imagery altsgether free from suspicion of confusion, but the refrain carries wisdom— Then while life's fleeting woineuts are ours to enjoy. Itsfluw£~s let us clicrish, its thorns cast away; Though the purest of blessings may have its alloy. Let us atvive to be happy whenever we may! As an admirer of Mr. Ward—for no other reason than because he is one of the few fairly consistent and honorable politicians in South Australia—I hops that he may find this jaunty versa appropriate when he shall next meet bis constituents at election time. I *>ive just Erjishsd reading the book o* I Mr. George Cossins, the young Adelaid8 amateur litterateur who wrote the Jubilee Exhibition Ode about ten years ago. My roughly candid judgment is that " Ishan Israel" is a novel without any purpose other than that of mating reputation and money, and that it sadly needs punctuation from the printer and sub- editing by some ■experienced person. The plot is capital, but the literary style is too obviously based upon that of Guy Boothby to be satisfactory. At present these things are drawbacks to Mr. Cossins, though they may not be considered any disadvantage when he shall have won fame. Explorer Stanley, for instance, is supposed to be a great writer as well as a great traveller, but I will undertake to say that there are at least 1,000 angrammatical errors in " Through Darkest Africa." If you are liGfc careful when instructing little children concerning the true meaning of the English language, comical thoughts are likely to happen. The other day a shocked mother told her young boy that he was indulging in a vulgarism when he said that lessons were a " blooming" nuisance. " Blooming, my dear," she explained, " is a very objectionable term." A few days later the little fellow was reading "Uncle Tom's Cabin" — that irresistible source of laughter and of tears —when he flung down the volume, threw up his hands, and exclaimed:— " Mother, you ought not to give me this vulgar book to read. Why, it says that some girls had * blooming' faces !" The principal engagement thus far for this week has been the great congress of school teachers, which seems to have been altogether a fine affair. The most interest ing incident was the attendance of the Minister of Education, convoyed by a crowd of labor representatives who evidently saw a chance of making political capital when they heard talk of an association being formed. Why aren't some of the Opposi tion members equally awake? Dr. Coekburn had not had time to fully prepare the address expected from him, and one conse quence of this misfortune was that his say ings have been likened to a few diamonds sparkling in a lot of mud. In parts of his oration true eloquence appeared couched in graceful diction; other parts were delivered subject to the disadvantage of the speaker's head being in the clouds. 