WESTWARD HOI LAS0S IN DEMAND. The Fever Fiend Still Rampant. Nugget Records, Some New Finds of Talus. IConey Flowing in. (Br J. Dbaytoh.) In spite of the warning voices which have been uplifted against an overflowing of the West by Easterners in search of work, I am of opinion that from this out there will be no lack of employment for miners. I qrerheard a conversation a few days ago between the notaers ot some leases and tbe difficulty witn them was where to get men to work on their holdinge. Ihe chance of a man who can afford to ' band out' for a few weeks is good, for getting here, into something rich. This way— There are scores of men who, during the exemption period,, have been prospecting 'on their own,' with varied luok. Some have got on to fairly good finds, which they hope to sell, and to bold these they will have to employ labor, and men who are will ing to work on small wages and small shares la the ventures will have first call. ? ? ? The period of exemption terminated on February 1, and to fill the necessary work ing strength of the holdings, 10,000 men will be required. An attempt was made to secure an extension of the period of idleness, but the protest of the goldfields press and the people was so vigorous and unanimous that the Ministry— now in something of a hole through the disputed effectiveness of clauBe 11 of the Mining Act (to which 1 referred pseviously)— dared not consider any application in that direction.' Of course hundreds of mine- holders will apply for extended exemption on various sufficient grounds, and will secure it ; but the majority will have to employ labor in terms of their leases. Members of Parliament and leading influential citizens are largely interested' in the fields, and many wires are being pulled and much underground engineering being prosecuted to enable the holders to evade the provisions of the Act until their properties can be floated. But the gentle jumper is here with his eye upon 'everything worth watching, and this -operste^ to make holders very careful. People are coming In in scores every day. ' Where they get to is a mystery. Tbey arrive humping their blueys, are seen for a day or two round town, and then disappear. Some of them— but for the credit of the Bast I am glad to be able to say very few get drunk, and ' mooch' aimlessly about for a while. Then they, too, vanish, and aire seen no more. Amongst the arrivals last week ' was Ted Blackburn, the' famous Northern wrestler. He was not in town -half a day before he gave general intimation of bis' pretence by 'issuing- a general challenge' to any man ia Western Australia to take - bold with him in Cumber land-style. There aie a^ouple of champions on the field — Paddy Boachock, who will be re membered in connection with South Austaa lian football, and Barry Pearee,' of whom I never heard before coming here.. Neither is anxious to try a-fall with the Newcastle man. Boachock, by the ' way, bad -a nasty fall a fewgrfantsB ago, into aa excavatioa, just off the*L itreet, and. was somewhat seriously hurt, ^en from iil^ the colonics arahpre, Q ueenslsa^ speoli&ly; weUj^reseated. The fever does m»t appear to be as deadly in its aUacka 'as iia tbe earlier days of the field, bat many peiople are . being gathered la. The dead ate buried tbe same day. From- aa Baa tern paper I learn — ' When a f uneral takes place on the West Australian goldfields everyboAy|is expected to knock off 'work and take a part in the precession. The man who neglects to fall into the ranks is speedily brought to his duty by a shower of stones.' One has to go froth hone to hear of the inwardness of bis living, it Is a sad thing to say, but it is, nevertheless, - a faot, that the dead are trotted off tp the cemetery Without any ceremony — usually accompanied only by the driver of what is familiarly spoken of as the ' boneyard van.' Of oourse, in the 'case of well-known citizens, an attempt is made to present the features of a funeral procession, but the idea that this is a general, thing Is erroneous. We are so used to Death now that the grim Reaper is not now regarded .as so very terrible. The last tribute te thone who have most reoently *£one out is usually briefly expressed, and something in this way— ? Whwk ? ? dead? Why, ? — ? it, I was talking tohiniyeabErday.' There'll notusk in the- way ofanepl demic. The typKcid microbe is in the air aad the earth, and auTOund, and every man. may take a few of him w. Then tbe citizen dies, and that is abont aU there is to lt I do not know th^t l am al«,wther afraid of microbes, bat I am less frightened of snakes. The doctors here' are said to thoroughly un derstand typhoid. I don't know about this. Most of the citizens who wete attacked by it last year are in the cemetery. It is said one rarely catches typhoid twice. There Is ao need to. The first attack generally is all that is neoessary ia this centre. Seine be come delirious in the stages of .the fever. - A friend of mine who had' a slight attack and flicked through, insisted on his brother buyr ing some Hannan's Victoria Cross shares at 2s. He did. They are aow 5s, aad going, up. Typhoid is not so bad when one gets it that way. I think I mentioned la % previous letter that the largest nugget found on the field was the 'Little Joker,* recently unearthed at Black Flag, 80S ounces. This waa a mistake, though I was not the only one to make it. The largest nugget, waa fonad by a Swede named Larsen in 1892, on a 'reef called the Broken Hill, at Pilbarra. This weighed 687oz. Still another, the Ifittle Hero, brought down the weight at 33Soz. 1 have before me a tpeoimea from the Loae Hand- in which the fine gold is seen as if dusted from a very small bored pepper box- thickly over a piece of chalk. It will go a great many onaces to tbe ton, but the gentleman bad aot a ton of it to giveaway. I am gettingsore-eyed at lock ing at specimens »of oourse only the best exhibited— {re see dozens every day, and each is -richer than the last Seme of. the samples we see are lumps -of quarts with dabs of guld in aad oa them— the virgin metal ia process from the size of a pea to the superficial :ax6e of a battered sovereign. I am speaking ot what I have seen, not of what somebody who wss there when be heard a 'fellow 'tell another, eaid s of This lsst sentence may be involved, bnt .the substance of -What I want to convey £ -(baze. ? : ?« V ? ' , Now, yen may be prepared to say lam painting the Illy and salting the broken rode. But what I'am about to say is frota-my own seeing. A man came into this ofBo&jrester-; gold. was^admiringly reftarcled. % , ' Whatdoyou thinkef thls?'he asked,' *s be pulled a piece of 'paper from his pocket, and .showed- as a piece of something, aot rock, nor qusirtz, nor oemeat, but 'a new kind of gold- bearf£g-etuff which looked like half -dry whitewash* It was stiff with gold, yet' the stuff - dbuldfjge crushed with tha fingers as essily as dry dough. . \- ' What do I think of it} ' said an expert who was present 'I think theyW he fil ing gold in cow-dpng here directly.' -So man can erfy-whit«^»on aot iad goWiaWifipdta. An itss^ af this gave a Tsspltat the rate of lSOO ounces to the toa, ar ever lief gold lathe pewA frtfgUtf itsft Ttta iiaaew find. I expect t he critics, particularly those who know ax much about the possibilities of tbe fields hen as a goat does of geometry, to say, « Oh, ret I ' Aad further te enquire, 'What to be giving ss ? I say, as I said before— J taw it. .sue nnaer of this new formation nas pegged out all tbe available country, and he at least has so much faith in it- that, though a working man, he refuses to entertain say proposals to purchase even an interest in the find. - a man doesn't want to sell sovereigns,* he says. . Bear in mind I not saying he has a reef a chain wide, all carrying stone of this quality, nor am I saying it will go even a hundred ounces to tbe ton, bnt I am saying I kAw gold from gravd, aad know a ' ready up' from a* really.' I never saw anything like that specimen in my life, and I saw a good deal of gold on the diggings which bad the high privilege of being chosen by aa all wise Providence as the place in which I should first we the light He says there is a patch of country tieenty chains wide in which similar stuff to that he showed us can be fonnd. A patch of it ten chains square wonld satisfy the above-mentioned. It is a marvellous country, and millions of money will flow into it from the continent of Kurope during the coming year. The representative of a French Syndicate visits us shortly, backed by £2,000,000. Pritohard Morgan has gone to England with nearly 100 reports in -his Saratoga. Some of these will warrant further English investment. Barney Barnato, who wean sovereigns for buttons, and has his boats jewelled in every lacehole, 1b en route for the West, with a wallet of cheques la his pocket, each good enough to pay for the building of a warship, and from the English papers I learn that tne fat-headed, puny J. Bull is enquiring at statutory meetings of Companies whether tbe alluvial cannot ;be treated by the same pro cess—that is. to say, Mr.— er — Chairman, crushed in a cyanide and subsequently amal gamated by the wet-blowing pmccesi 1' J. J.Bull is beginning to read up his geology, andalieady knows schist from clay. He' will know a bit more about n ining aueotly. A few very expert wild-cat trader j are between here and the little village of London, and John will in a month or two be supplied with some works of fiction in the shape of hand-painted prospectuses which will make him pant like a thirsty pup tied up just ont of range of a dish of milk. Some of the sharps here are experts. Some of the experts, I believe, are sharps. Thsy are all artists at drawing up prospectuses, and some of them are as honest as the day. They 'will have nothing to do with swindles —of any one else's promoting. The best advice on the field, for a man with money to follow, is aa expert and company -promoter. ?What I ThatV he will say 'Good heavens I I'm glad you came to me.' ?What a ? ; well, here, come with me, now, anif I'll show yon.' Oh 1 they are a sweet lot of sucking in nocents, and more easily shocked by any thing in the Bhape of a ' cat ' than a maiden is by a mouse which has taken shelter beneathher skirts. But how do they prepare their own little 'readies 1 They are as wily as a Sydney) pony-owner, and the man. who comes ahead of one of those has only the aTch-ensmy to vanquish in any encounter in which cunning and craft? are permitted to enter. I saw yesterday a Ted-headed nigger and a black camel. And I havn't tasted any thing stronger than hop-beer for six months. They were there all right The camel I found out' was hot so much of a rarity. The negress I' could not account for. A friend put me on the track ot finding out the explorer's track in 187 1 across the continent She w$s abont 25 years of age. The niggers here are very harmless, and very' dirty, and generally undesirable, and not so popular with some of the leading citizens as they were before the leading citisenesses came to town. Tbe illicit distiller has alBo come to stay with ns, and now whisky can be ob tained cheaply in bulk— if the purchaser can be trusted.- Six shillings , a gallon Is ths price, and Walker's Whisky bottled— the genuine stuff — 1b 12s 6d a bottle, beer Ss 6d, brandy 15b. So you see the moonshiner has a chance to make a little if be is permitted to operate. I was told to-day that some of this detectable mountain-made beverage has been retailed -here in former times by a German lady, who combined another busi ness with that of ' bug-juice ' vending. ' I lige doo zee der men Tight,' ' she said.' 1 Von dime dey used doo vight all der dime, now dey don'd vos vight zome more.' ' Dot visky vot he trinks vos no goot A man dake two, vife, den classes, und he don'd got trunk uadt vight' ' Veil, I dole you anf he dock doo classes dot vlBky vot 1 zold him ven I vos py der shop, undthe don'd vight somehoty, veil den he vos a gowsrd, vot vos shdop der vile you gick him py der behindvards.' The Government has distinctly stated it will not entertain an 7 proposal to- construct the railway to Rspennce Bay. The Govern ment well know, that the day that line is opened the notice ' l'o Let' may be posted on the end of Fre mantle breakwater, and Perth, the city of the Swan River settle ment, will be a midnight parade-ground for the ghosts 'of the descendants of the Six Families. And that railway will be con structed, for the people of the fields are as fall of Forrest as is tbe sawdust heap out side a mill. . Five hundred and fifty votes return the whole of the present Ministry to Parliament. Forty thousand men on the fields have one man — and not an intellec tual giant— to represent them in the Parlla ment of Westralia. - - 