PRESENTATION CONVENT. THE BEOEFTION OF TWO LADIES, One of those interesting and imposing; ceremonies koown aa a reception took plaM at the Church of the Apostlea yeaterday morning at 11 o'clock, when two Misaea Blordan received the religiouB habit ana were formally admitted members of tho Presentation Convent. As is customary oh such occasions there was a crowded oengre- . galion. Archbishop Murphy performed the ceremony, attended by Dean Beechinor* Mass was solemnised by the Bev. John O'Mahony. The ceremony commenced when tho organ, presided over by Mrs Brskine Parker, pealed forth the opening notes of the hymn 'O Gloriosa Virglnum.-andapro-. ceEslon emerged from the convent grounds* through the cemetery, and entered the western doorway of the church, headed by a cross-bearer, followed by acolytes and twelve children and a younger sister of the postulants, exquisitely attired as 'bridal angele,' the junior members of the com munity, professed Bisters, the lady as Bistant and lady superior, aU carry ing lighted tapers with the yonng ladies to be received. Having arrived under the great spring arch of the church, the pro cession halted ou the carpet in front of.th* altar rails, where the robes, belts, veils, and white mantle of the postulanta were placed in silver baskets on the communion rails at the grate. The yonng postulanU took their places on a yrieiUeu iu a kneeling postnre, with the ' bridal angel' and members of the community ranged in close proximity. All genuflected and took the places allotted to them. Having bleaBed the candle, and presenting it lighted to the postulants, the celebrant interrogated them, and they responded in the usual way, testifying their willingncBB to he received of their own free will. The lady superior having replied whether the novices-elect had been in Btructcd in other points necessary to be known by those entering the religion, the novices elect, lady superior, lady oasis tint, and attendants retired to tire convent, where the bridal coBtumeB and trappings of the world were removed. Whilst absent Miss Griffiths played a violin solo. Upon returning the choir Bang ' Quec eat iata,1' and the celebrant, in the act of giving the posrslaats the veils, spoke the following words : ' Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without Btain, and mayest walk with Him in white, iu the name of the Father, and of the Bon, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The celebrant then con ferred on the novices sleet their names in religion, viz., Bister Magdalene and Sister AloyBius; and the hymn 'Venl, Creator' ('Come, Holy Ghost, Creator, come ') was intoned, and the novices, who had remained prostrate, were raised by the lady superior and lady assistant, when all the members of the community embraced the new eistcre, the- choir Binging, ' Ecoe qnam bonum' (' Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity'). The procession then left the church, and following the croBB-bearer in couples accord ing to rank, the newly-received walking between the lady superior and the lady assistant, whilst the choir sang ?- Dens miBeratur' (' May God have mercy on m'). Mr A. Roper conducted the choir, who were aBsiBted in the solo parts by Miss Alice Grant and Mr Fred. Ferguson. At the conclusion of the ceremony the ArchbiBhop prononnced the Papal bene diction, this being one of the three or four occasions in the year when he ia permitted to perform that rite. 