British miri Foreign. The Chinese National Anthem is so long that people take half a day to listen to it. The- election of President of the Uni- ted States will take place on 3rd Novem ber next. The total membership of the Boys' Bri gade, for the United Kingdom is 35,000 lads, with 2800 officers. The library of the late zoologist, Karl Vogt, of Geneva, lias been bought by the Senkenburg Museum, in Frankfort, for 35,000 marks. The extra cost of sending Indian troops to the Soudan Is estimated by the Indian Government at 24 lakhs of rupees or about L140.000. Iowa, almost from the date of its ad mission, has been called the "Hawkeye State." Hawkeye was the name of a noted Indian chief. The fern is indicative of fascination. In Saxony the present by a lover to his sweetheart of a handful of ferns is equivalent to a proposal. S trange nolseToiTa- lightship at New Haven, Connecticut, started the rumor that there was a ghost aboard the vessel, and the crew have deserted. Kentucky Is said to have been the first State In the Union to grant school Buff- I rage to women in 1845. Kansas followed in 186L To-day the women of 21 States have this privilege. A fresh inscription has Just been dis covered at Delphi, giving circumstan tial details concerning the method of training the various competitors at the ancient Olympic games. The Duke of Orleans, head of the House of Bourbon, and, therefore, Pre tender to the Throne of France, has been betrothed to a daughter of the Archduke Joseph of Austria. New York "Tribune" says that a pro posed Arbitration Treaty between Great Britain and the United States will within a few days he submitted to Congress. We hope the statement will turn out to be true. The vital principle is strongest in the common tortoise. One of these animals has lived for six months after the re moval of Its brain, aud the severed head has shown signs of life three days after being cut off. There are doors in some old houses in Holland which were in former days never used except for weddings and funerals. After the bride and groom had passed, tlie door was nailed up to await the next occasion. Tlie editor of the "Tribune," the lead ing Republican organ, is report ed as saying, after a three hours' talk with Mr M'Kiuley, "Neither silver nor gold is the main issue; the battle win lie lougni on me umu. The reason given that birds do not fall off their perch is because they can- | not open the foot wheu tlie leg is bent, j Look at a hen walking, and you will see | it close its toes as it raises the foot, aud open them as It touches the ground. I rotatoes seem to have origiuated In ' Peru. For a long time this now univer sal vegetable was a delicacy enjoyed only by the wealthy. Even at the be ginning of the seventeenth century noblemen paid 2s a pound for potatoes, and seasoned them with sherry. The Great Seal of England is a silver pair of dies, which are closed to receive the melted mass, poured, when an im pression is to be taken, through an ori fice left In tlie top. The impression of the seal is six inches In diameter and j three-quarters of an iuch thick. Tlie most expensive trousseau on re- ! cord is thnt of the late Empress of China, whose marriage took place a few years ago. Tlie trousseau cost over a million pounds, one-tlii-d of._t.ho. money coming from the Imperial reve nue. tlie rest from tlie Empire. There are in England from 80,000 to 90.i)00 barmaids. Over 1,000 in Loudon are daughters of gentlemen-MOO have fathers, brothers, or uncles in the Church, 200 are daughters of army officers, 200 daughters of physicians and surgeons, 100 daughters of navy officers, j Instructions have just been received from the Japanese Government which will liave the effect, almost at once, of placing In tlie hands of English manu facturers and shipbuilders a further, large quantity of work. The sum to be ' expended, it is said, will not be less than four million sterling. Tlie French navy is going to make experiments with torpedo boats built of aluminium or of an alloy of another metal and aluminium. The hulls are of weak sheet-iron. If the experiments succeed, it is very likely that larger French war vessels also will be built of the materials in question. Agricultural Rating Bill, aiias the Landlords' Relief Bill, which caused such excited scenes in the House of | Commons, has had an apparently quick ! and easy passage through the House of Lords. This is the first important mea sure for which the present Government lias succeeded In obtaining the endorse- j ment of Parliament. j The German Emperor has informed Count William Bismarck, the Chancel lor's second son, that he wishes to be gixlfatlier to his infant son, the first g/tudson of the aged statesman. Next mouth the Emperor will set out on his Norweigau trip. In September the so- called Kaiser manoeuvres will be held near Goerlitz, and the Emperor himself has drawn up the strategical plans for them. The vital statistics of Barbadoes re veal alarming facts that while . the death-rate in the Island has for many years been steadily advancing, tlie population has been increasing at the unusually rapid rate of nearly 10 per cent, per annum. In the decade 1861- | 70 the death-rate was no higher than 21.45— a state of things comparing favor- : ably with many English towns not ac- ! counted unhealthy; but In the year 1894 it attained to 34.30. In Prussia the light railways, or j "Kleinbahnen," number 37, with a total mileage of about 480 miles. Of these the German Government says: "In general the light railways appear to be well adapted to the development and Improvement of agriculture and forestry and their accessories, particu larly to opening up new markets and facilitating the carriage to and fro of manure and raw produce over a con siderable area of country." "They love him most for the enemies he has made."— This was the reason given by General Bragg In the Demo cratic Convention of 1884 why the young men of the United States were In favor of Grover Cleveland. These catchy phrases have carried great weight at the Presidential Conventions. Mr Bryan, doubtless, was fully aware of that fact when he likened himself In regard to his silver crusade to "Peter the Hermit" "Everlastingly right" was the phrase with which Garfield stirred a Convention and secured nomination. 