AN EPITAPH. He had no brake upon his wheel; That's why the poor old wreck Gave up the ghost, for he soon got A break upon his neck! "I came across one of your old letters to-day, George, in which you said you would rather be in endless torment with me than in bliss by yourself," said Mrs Naggin to her husband. "Well, my dear, and haven't I had my wish?" said the brute. M?other: "Oh, you naughty boy! You've been to dada's desk and upset all his papers. What will he say when he comes home?". Son (hopeful): "I know what he'll say, but you'd spank me If I told you." P.acon-"So your friend is engaged to that Boston girl, after all." Egbert "Yes.' "How did he melt her?" "He didn't; he simply froze to her." A Clear Conscience.-"Don't some of these old songs haunt you?" "No ; I've never murdered any of them." \'isitor: "Well, Tomlny, wh:lt are you going to be when youi glow ull "' Tom 1my: "3a:1 iys I :iui going to he just such another lazy loafer as Itt is!" The following typ?gmraphleal error shows the great importance of a comma. At a banquet this toast was given: "Womanll-without her mnau, is a brulte." Although a girl may be bright enough to know that "kiss" Is a noun, she's fre quently unable to decline it. Efile-"Jack.papa said we must not see each other any more." Jack-"Indeed! Shall I turn the gas out?" Hampton Belle-"I wouldn't allow a horrid man to kiss me, would you?" Newport News Girl-"Of course, not; I don't know any such." New Housemaid : Who is that elegant looking young lady, cook, thdt I met coming In? Cook : That was me sister; been to call on me. New Housemald : And that stylish lady in blue silk? Cook : That's our laundress. New Housemaid : Then who was the plain old woman in black ? Cook : That's the missus. MIrs A.: "I'm surprised that your hus band earns so little if he works as hard as you say. What does he do?" Mrs B.: "The last thing he did was to calcu late how many times a clock ticked in the course of a thousand years." Wealthy Parent: "What! Engaged yourself to young Tapester? Outrage ous! The Idea of a Van Juneberry mar rying a mere clerk!" Daughter: "But he isn't a clerk now,. papa. lie is a gen tleman of leisure." "Eh?" "Yes, he's been discharged." 