THE LITTLE BOROUGH BACHELORS’ BALL. •No, Frank,” arid .Tim Wickham, in rrply to Vis companion's question, *' we have not had n Bachelors' Ball in Littleborough for the last three years.” Captain Cnrgenven elevated his fret carefully on to the mantol-p:ece and tilted back his chair. His host watched him nervously, being con cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby toa “ I don’t think I shall break anything’,’ mur mured Curgenveu, contentedly; “I have only got slippers on, It is awfully good of yon to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame— the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the intenst of the article itself. Tlmnk you. Now, if your rnantclboard is reliable, as it ought to be,I shall be thoroughly comfortable in body and mind.” Wickham seemed to be used to his visitor’s ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use less. He made no eommeut, and returned to the subject under discussion. “ As soon as Charlie Davidson got married4” he continued, 44 we the gallant remnant of single blessedness in Littleborough, considered it about tunc to ceaso advertising every Christ mas our fortunate condition. Charlie had man aged the Bachelors’ Ball for years.” *' And successfully ?” '* Execrably . no worse Secretary could hare been found. That was his grvat merit, because everybody was always prepared to abuse,him. i He olwajs offended two-thirds of the neigh- ! bourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother and sister one year.” 44 Boor old Charlie !” said Curgenren, willi a smile, “his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy.” 44 When he resigned he Ictt the management of the ball in such evil odour that nobody in the town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the bj.11 was dropped. Besides, there was rather a painful incident in connection with the last dance we gave that has not jet beon explained to sll.” “This ii very exciting,” remarked his friend. 44 Fleasc to remember that I have been four years in India, and am dying for Littleborough news. Relate the occurrence in your own ini mitable style, while I smoke and listen.” Jim Wickham whs a seasoned bscln lor.whosc earliest and only love had been the sound of bis own voice A kindly little busybody, f»-w things in Littleborough escaped the inquisition of his double eyeglass. Ho drew a chair to the fire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his ovrn powers to do justice to bis subject. •* I need hardly say it was Charlie Davidson's fault entirely,” he began. “ You know we used to have a list of people that wore invited every year. Charlie always sent thorn invitations, whether they had left the place, or were dead, or bankrupt. Ho used to invito them all. He asked old .Miss Cumberbstch threw successive years after her destb at tho sgo of 79.” •* But shu neror would accept, I suppose ?” 44 N«j ; she never appeared. But at last he asked another nmn who w»s also dead.” 44 Undeterred by tho silenco of Miss Cumber* “ And this man,” said Wickham, lowering his voico, and laying his band on his com panion’s arm,actually appeared at the ball. That was tho uncomfortable part of it.” 44 Good Lord I ” said Curgeiiven, 44 I say, j , you’ll have to shift that Sevres flower-vase ; if you make any more statements of that kind, I shall kicking it over.” ! •His host rose, obediently, and cleared a wider space m the neighbourhood of his companion’* slippers. Nether spolc'o for a moment or two, and then Curgcuvcn demanded cont nuance ami an cxplaiittvion. . 44 Who on earth was the man ? ” he nsked. 44 He had no business to be anybody on earth thru,” was Wickham’s reply. 44 His name wn* Dunlop Ferguson. I dare say you remember “ Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind of chap. I did not know him at all well, lie was up in these parts learning banking, wasn’t bo ? 1 remember him chiefly as a great friend of old WatcrtlcM, the banker. Surely hf was in Waterfivld’x bank ? ” “ That’s the man. , He was a great friend of mine, and he was a- great friend of Kitty Watorfield’s—ho used to talk to me about her.” “ I knVw a girl would be bound to ccme into tho story soon. What is she'like ? Attractive r 1 don’t know her even by sight.” \- *•* Not th<» least attractive. Good eyes'and o white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. Sho’s either toe aliy or too reserved. I’vo known her all h«*r life, and token her in to dinner about thirty times. J ouce extracted from her a confrsaion that she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only confid ence sho has eve? honoured mo with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit furthuj with her than tfiat. Indeed, ho xrai desperately' keen on her. I can’t for the life of me imagino why, except for the fact that sh* didn’t caro two straws about him. Shn used tc bu rude to him. ihouab, and that was an ad vance on the distantly polite attitude shf adopted towards everybody else. 44 Well, at tho last Bachelor’s Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Waterfield danced togcthei more than once, I can vouch fur that, and they sat out together pretty often too. She war never in much demand as a partner, though he was popular enough ; but he never looked at anybody else that nght. Hin eyes followed her, like a dog’s eyes all over the room ; and shr went about, either with him, or without him, r pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. Knc looked rather pretty that night, but whothei she enjoyed herself or not I have not the leas! idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come ir and have a smoke with me after the dunce ; and as ho was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, I snid : Yau’re cuming round for a pipe, eh ? ’ He said : * Not to-night, I think. I’m a bit done up somehow.’ I thought he seemed rathei low-spirited and tired, and he shook bands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was font years ago, and I have never set eyes on tho man sinco. Mind the clock, Frank, your right foot is dangerously near it.” ** You ought uot to say such startling things, then. Goon.” “ The next day Ferguson left Littleborough without a word to Anybody. His letters wore lo be forwarded to him at some club in Loudon, I forget which. Most people wondered at his going, ond missed bitn not a little; but the only person who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfield, and nobody in his aensee ever dreamed of pumping her. She went on just us usual not looking either melancholy ot ndievod, but simply expressionless. I spoke to her once about him. but she never answered, and I changed the subject to Home, where she had just born. Shn was not exactly garrulous on that topic either ; but that is neither here nor them. 44 We had just issued the invitations for the next Bachelor’s Ball a ye«r after, nnd Cbnrln Davidson, who was engaged to be married at the time had signalised his f«rcwell appi*«r*nre is Secretary Ly making ovenabiggrr mess of the ball than u«unl. On that occasion he overlooked the l.ord-Lieutcnant and the Colonel in com mand. I was iu he County Club lunching one day with two or three other fellows, when a man said suddenly, 4 I see that poor young Fer guson, who was up here, is dead. lie died somewhere in Africa about sir weeks ago.. It was in all the papers. Didn’t anybody see it ? ’ 44 None of us had seen it, and it was a great shock to me. But Cbarlin Davidson, who was there, turned as pile as a sheet, and laid down his knife and fork. I knew at once he had sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, ond for once I felt rather sorry for him, as he looked very much upset. *4 Young Haliburton,however, began to crack his customary jokes at Charlie’s expense. H« observed that wc Should have a cheerful boll if everybody our secretary invited turned up, nnd was further anxious lo discover if Queen Anne had been asked, saying he thought she might he offended at the omission. But when ho went on and said it was enough to drag young Fer guson from his grave, tho luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Hnliburton to dry up, and not try and be funny on a subject like that. 14 Yon know, I think Davidson was worked up into rather an 1 eerie ’ state oT mind when the eventful night arrived. lie has often, in telling me the story of what he saw, remarked j that ha felt a presentiment——” 44 Oh, don't” intenupted bis listener. ‘‘Don't ' let us have any presentiments. Go on with the anecdote." 44 Just as you like,” replied Wickkatn.mildly. , 44 Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind was, the supper-roora had just been opened, and he «u rushing about telling the wrong men to take inthe wrong ladies Hocamointhecourse of his career to a small sitting-out room close to the entrance-hall. It was rather a cold and unpopular room, with a dejected-looking palm tree in the centre, rnd fitted out with tho shab biest of tho sofa* and chairs. The ball secrotary came in, but he stopped quite as hastily iu tho doorway. For, sitting side by side on a couch exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Dnnlop Fersguson. The intruder was too much staggered to sec very clearly, but ho looked ; Ferguson full in the face and saw that he was white and haggard. 44 Charlie Davidson cotild not stand the sight, and bolted out like steam. Ho managed to Ond me in tho supper-roora, and I could not think what was the row with him. I gavo him some brandy, which he wanted badly; and then he told mo what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I could sco. 44 Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to bo ordered to go and inspect a ghost, and J hesitated a little. But then I concluded cither that tbBy had been mistaken in telling us that Ferguson was dead,or else that Chailie had been mistaken in thinking that be bad seen him, Fo I nut on us culm a face m I could and rauOc ■Jirarphi" fo> tHe-fpoc;? inkirily casually, only to find tfafcfe waa nobody tbfrc bnt Miis Waleifield. She wm ieaniog.back e* the sofa, with bar hinds behind hot bold, look* ing up at- the edretrie light.” 41 Didn’t aim seem upset asked Curgefive*i or startlod ? ” ’ 9 44 .She looked Rothing, <« she always did, was ihe reply. “Theie wtm positively not out eign about her that could trll anybody anything* She looked, if anything, a tittle b-red.” “ That is quite the cornet expression for ■ girl to wear/' observed Curgenven, selecting • cigarette from the box on the table, ** whrn h« dead lover has returned from the grave to meet her on the anniversary of the day ahe reject mm. 1 suppose you catechised her ? * *' My cross-examination Tras very skilful, ivt I led up to it gently. I said 1 didn’t kuow aha was all alone ; to which she replied, * Didn't yon : ’—which is a chilling sort of answer, and one at which .she was very great. I could not for the life of me go on to s*y that I had be«n told a ghost was sitting out tho supper dance* with her. I made some general rmnaik, which she received with a politn * Indeed !’ displacing no intrrest of any kind ; and then her mother suddenly c»me in. Iler mother is talkative, and an idiot, so I flrd. leaving the sectefc be hind me. 44 I’m‘bound to say that Charlie Dariciaon added considerably to the story Inter on in the evening when several glasses of champagne in tervened hot wer n himself and the facia. H« made out lliat Fergu.-on’s whole demeanour waa corpsc-Iike and supernatural, and added a Mig gent ion of a bullet-wound in his forcboad, im plying suicide. However, othrrpeoplc. Wert- in clined to be less impressed, and hinted that tho Secretary had been sampling the drinks befftr* supper. Young ilaliburton; when he w«s nert in London, made inquiries at Ferguson’s club whither'Charlie had posted the card fnrjlba .Bachelors’ Ball. The Club porter said he hid heard nothing of Feigusson for several months, and that he had left no ad hess to which h» letters might he forwarded. Up showed llalt ilurion about thirty letters for Ferguson, and | Haliburlon eagerly searched through tin m to | find Charlie’s invitalion. But—this was a v.-ry strange feature in it—the invitut on to the ball was not among the letters. "Waili’t that curious ? ” “ It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere bcj'ond his Club.” “ Shortly after this recmukablo apparition, Miss Wntcrfield went'away from Littleborougb, I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrument in Germany. 1 bdietb music interests her faintly, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in tho Club once said that if Fcrgusr.n wore ro*lly tlcail he considered Kitty WaterfitM morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still win«*r man suggested that he should go and toll her Captain OuTgcnven considered Wichham’a story an excellent one, and it icmnincd an ex cellent story, in his estimation, until one day he hapened to sere in the p»p»*r the m-irringc, tele graphed home rom Africa, of accitainMr, Dunlop Fergusou to an officer's diughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that the name wes not a very uncommon one, and that the Littlcborough psychical researchers had^not very conclusive evidence that tlirFergu-on who appeared at the brJl was the same F« rgu.ion ’■•ho wm dead. Charlin Davidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is another person of the sumo name. Others, however, hold that Ferguson paid a flying visit to Littlcborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Waterficld comes hack to her native town certain bold spirits have ro-olvcd to cant lots to deride who shall question her and fiud out the truth.—“ Vanity Fair.” 