THE LENTEN SEASON. BISHOP CORBETT ON IN TEMPERANCE. -0 The following is an extract from the Lenten pastoral letter read at St. Mary's Cathedral, on Sunday, by the Bishop of Sale, who dwelt particularly on the evils of intemperance :--Dearly beloved brethren in Jesus Christ. As the first man was condemned for not having abstained from eating, notwith standing tlie express command of God, so the Creator has prescribed fasting as a reparation for this first sin. It is the best means of avoiding the con sequences of original sin, the best remedy to restore peace of mind, to control the passions, and to bring our flesh under subjection. 'Excess in eating and drinking,' says St. Ambrose, ' has killed many a man, frugality has killed no one; immoderate use of wine has injured many a 'constitution, temperance has never done any harm. You invite your friends to a feast, and YOU LEAD THE3I TO DEATH ; you ask them to a merry-making, and you conduct them to a tomb; you promise them the greatest delicacies, and you condemn them to the most exquisite tortures; you fill them with wine, and lo ! it is their poison.' In temperance may be at this time more prevalent than it has been in the past; but we are sadly coiiscious that it is one of the most destructive scourges by which modern society is cursed. It robs its victim of his character, his happiness, his reason-aye, and of his conscience. It robs his family of every domestic and social comfort. It robs his children of the very necessaries of life. Every motive that should influence the heart of an honest man, of an honorable citizen, of a faithful husband. of a loving father, of a sincere Christian, is contemptuously flung aside by the slave of this degrading passion. He puts his honor, his worldly interests, his love of family, his duty to God, in the scale with iLs INSATIABLE APPETITE, and he prefers its gratification to'every other consideration. Pictures of woeful wretchedness have been drawn by many a gifted pen, in order to illustrate the blighting effects of this beastly vice; but every such picture, [ow vivid or ghastly soever be its colorings,, must fall short of the dread ful realities of the drunkard's life. It I is a well- known fact that an in- t lustrious and diligent father of a family, who lives decently according to bis condition, but practices due economy, can save a great deal and support himself and those who depend I on him with very little expense. It is t quite the bontrary with inveterate drunkards and those who spend their t time in idleness; they squander all they have, until they are not able to meet the most necessary exgenses of theirhousehold, and have to be satisfied with very poor fare in the end. There i is no proof required to show the truth I of this ; ' Be not in the feasts of great drinkers,' says the Holy Ghost in the i Book of Proverbs, ' or in their revell ings, who contribute flesh to eat: Because they that give themselves to drinking, and that club together shall be consumed; and drowsiness shall be clothed with rags.' (Proverbs XXIII, 20, 21). A DRUNKARD can never repair his losses; because, even if he got his drink for nothing, be makes himself incapable of attend ing to his business by which he has to support himself and his family. No matter how successful a storekeeper is in trade, if he once gets fond of drink, then, good-bye to his prosperity; he I will not keep his books properly, his customers will begin to desert him, he I will neglect to push his business, and will lose his credit, in a word, he will soon ruin himself. Who would have any dealings with such a man ? Oh, no, people would say, 1 am not going to leave myself in the hands of a drunkard like that 1 What can a farmer or a laborer do to support him. self and his family if he is addicted to drink? The land is untilled, the work I is neglected, the last penny is spent for drink, and his house is falling to pieces for want of repairs. St. John 1 Chrysostom says, ' The drunkardis un fitted for any kind of business'; he is good for nothing but drinking and spending money. What can this lead to but ruin? No matter how great a treasury is, if something is taken .ut of it every day, and nothing added to it, it must be soon exhausted. 