Therb comes before us n tribute to the memory of a poet we love, John Greonleaf Whittior. Liko 'several other , of America's prophotB in verse he wns a Quaker, but, like many of that profession," ho was a man of large and liberal thought, associating with this a deep and con vincing piety. His curious Quaker faith wns well ' formulated in the phrase of one of his writing's — " Of one thing I feel sure that some thing: outside of myself speaks to me, and holds mo to duty, warns, reproves, and approves. It is good/' because it requires me tu W good ; it is wise, for it knows tho thoughts and intents of the. heart.. It is to mo a revelation of God, nnd of His charncter, and attributes, the one import ant fact before which all others seem insignifi cant.": Wliittier was eiscutially one gifted with the poet's mind and chatacter, though he lacked the highest facility of expression. His lines are often crabbed, .sometimes straining the under standing. But the spirit in them is uumistake- alile. ' They breathe' the aroma of his. second name i the green- leaf. The story of leaf and flower is : writ in them. . The music of poetry wns ; in his. ,soul, unfortunately he lacked the power of 'expression ' to! give proper voice to it. There rati through a character of many , sides a vein of quaint huntor, well illustrated by one anecdote.; -His old friend and schoolmaster, Joshua puffin, one of the best and most uusollish of men, bcIievdTie 'wRs'predestined to be eter- nully iost. Mr Whittiir aaid to him, "Joshua, don't thee hate' God, who ' h'as doomed thee to everlastiijg,torment ;",Why, no ; it is for the good of all, / that-some are punished." Joshua, thee has spent thy life 'doing good; and now thee is, oPcouree, getting ready to do all the hurt thee,, can to ; thy fellow-men ?" " No, indeed j my feelings have' not changed ' in the least in this regard." "Thee is going to hell, then, in tins' mood f.' Why, yes, J- am reconciled to the will of God, and have no ill-feeling toward iHim or 'my race." " Now, JoBhua, thee is going to- hid) , with., a heart full of love to everybody— wbatvean the devil' find for such a one as theoto do?" This struck the right chord. , The good old man laughed merrily, at the puzzle "Satan, would bo in to find occupation for him, and "resumed' his ' old cheerfulness at once. Quakers hare the advantage that being divorced . from all sects.-they are not under any ecclesiasti cal thumbscrew, and can be, in their opinion, Liberal or Conservative, as they please. Whit- h'flp inltnorl f/l f hn fztrmn Atilf (I to ninm wam «w» suvmuvu WW » aqw iwiwiwa WWSVI (Zia IIVW HVIC catholic. ; In one of his pooms, he says- All souls that strugglo and aspire, A11 hearts of prayer hy Tlico aro lit ; - And dim or clear, Thy tongues of fire, . On dusky tribes, and twilight centurios sit. Nor bounds, nor clime, nor creed Thou know'st. Wido as our need Thy favors fall ? Tlie white wings of the Holy Ghost Stoop seen or unseen oe'r the heads of all. . Tins isa vastly wider and finer pholosophy than is taught us in some churohcs. VVhittier's name and fame will not endure. A few of the prosy lovers of this generation may remember him for a few years, hut when they drop into the grave his name will be buried in their heartB. Like Rudyard Kipling, whose geniuB probably equalled his, he was but the evanescent poet of a generation. The work and tho man pass ; there is no ntoro to bo said. And this brings us to another consideration. Does it ever . occur to anyone to think thnt there is not ono first-class poet in any language alive at the present time on any portion of the globe ? The straits the people are put to to pro vide hards are pretty well evidenced hy the fact that a mediocrity, like Austin, is the Laureate' of England, whilst America has not had a single singing bird with the true . note of song since Lungfullow; Whittier, and William Oullen Bryant died. . .We do not forget Oliver Wendell Holmes, but bo would have been the last'to claim n place in the front- rank." -"It is a cutious fact in literature thut high class veree is epi- detnio. The Augustan age of literature when Shakespeare, " rare Ben. Jonson, ".Kit Marlowe, Beaumont, Fletcher, Massinger. snd a orowd of other bright spirits was succeeded by a long drought, unbroken until the advent of Byron, Bud subsequently Tennyson, though there were> of course, numerous poetasters "in the interval. In the literuturo of our roco it is surprising to find how few really great dominant poets we can count, Uhaucer and Milton, both out of date and unread, Shakespaaro, tlie eternal; Byron, now but occasionally glanced at ; Pope, forgotten , Tennyson, still thought of, because he is nearest in touch with tho existing generation. And wo feel assured that. tho ait of expressing thought in the verse form is a dying one. Occasionally a writer of genius may stir your laggard blood as Rudynrd Kipling does in Gunja Ding, but for the most part tho age is too practical to waste time in reading poetry, and mon want to ! get thought concrete. | The Minister of Agriculture has, fur tho in- ; formation of tho Gabinot, forwarded to the Premier a report comparing the export trade in | perishable products for the nine months ending . the 31st ult. with thnt for the corresponding | period of 1894 95 During the nine months just . closed 16,410,3461b of butter was exported to London, valued at. L752,142, as sgainit 23,684,8391b, valued at L888.182, exported in 1894-6, or a decrease jn .value of L136.040. - 