NOTES ANDREWS. The semi -monthly sitting of the Small Debts Court was held yesterday, the P.M. presiding, when the following cases were heard and verdiots given for plaintiffs : — North Glanmire Tribute G. M. Co. v. F. J. Ward, calls, Jgl 13s 4d, costs 5s 6d. Chaa. Smith v. P. Keonan, goods, £2 12a 9d., costs 6s. R. Kennedy v. C. E. Beckman, goods, £G lls 9d, costs .£1 Gs Od. Tozer and Conwell v. G. E. Beoktnan, attendance, £2 4s., costs 5s 6d. H. Howells v. — Per cival, money due, .£8 2s 8d, oosts £1 7s. E. Elfverson v. Jos. Smith, money due, .£5 3s., costs J61 6s. In a case brought by the Wilmot Extended Tribute G. M. Co. v. E. Moore, for calls £6 12s 4d, plaintiffs at their own request were non-suited, owing to notice of calls not having been given through the post in accordance with the Articles of Association ; defendant was allowed £1 13s aosts. Six other cases were sot down for hearing and of these two were withdrawn, one struck out,, two adjourned, and the other continued for service. The Ministerial party comprising the Hons. R. Philp, D. H. Dalrymple, and J. F. Or. Foxton (momuors of the Governmont) and several members of Parliament who had visited the Isis in connection with the opening of the Childers Cordalba railway yesterday, passed through Gympie about 6 o'clock in the evening eu route for the metropolis. Those of the visitors who had never seen the Isis district before were surprised and pleased at the largeness of the area that is being cultivated, and the seeming richness and fertility of tho soil. Tho cane orops, we understand, look remarkably well, and there is every promise of a good yield being obtained this season. The Colonial Sugar Co. have already started crushing. Railway Commissioner Mathieson was a member ol tho party which visited Bunda herg by special train on Saturday and the Isis district yesterday, This will probably bo his last official trip to this district as in a fortnight's time he leaves to fill his new post in Victoria. A sharp frost covered the low lying parts of the field on Sunday night and last night, and the winter season may now bo regarded as having fairly set in. On Sunday an eighteen months old daughter of Mr. Ardrey, a selector at the Chatsworth, about 5 miles from Gympie, was passing behind a horse that was feeding, when the animal suddenly let out and struck the little girl on the head. On an examina- tion being made it was found that the skull had been slightly fractured and she was taken to the hospital, where Dr. Geddie attended to the injuries. On inquiry last night we learned that the patient was pro- gressing favorably. The twenty-first quarterly meeting of the Gympie Industrial Co-Operative -'oriel y was held on Friday, Mr- G. Jobling presiding, when the reports and balance-sheet were read aud adopted. The directors in their report stated that during the quarter 33 had joined the Society, and 16 had withdrawn, leaving a membership of 539, representing 433G paid up and 353 contributing shares. The sales for the quarter amounied to £6069 14s 9d, and the profits from all sources to £458 7s lljd. At the Police Court yesterday, before the P.M., D. Ryan, minor, pLadod guilty to using- obscene language in Lady Mary Terrace, and w.is fiied .£1, in default fonrteen days' imprisonment. On Saturday th« right to cut the hoop pine trees standing on block 17, Wolvi scrub, was knocked down to Mr. W. B. Harvey, at the upset price of £13. The following is the report of the Gympie hospital for tho week ended fcvmday last : — Admitted, 2 males, 2 females ; discharged, 2 males, one female ; remaining at date, 13 males, 8 females, total 21. There were no deaths during the week. To-night the monthly meeting of the Min ing Managers' Association will be held. There was a crowded attendance at the Gympie Debating Socieiy last Friday. Miss M. Me.rrin opened with a pianoforte solo — Martha — after which the president (Mr. Carloss) called on Mrs. Robinson for her paper on Mrs. Siddons. The essayist explained that she searched all over Gympie for something on Mrs. Siddons and could not find it. Her paper treated more of the grand passages that the great actress took part in than of her life or character. Mr. Finney, as introducer of remarks, filled up to some ext'nt the wants in the essay. The first speaker gave a very severe criticism on the essayist, saying that he had learned nothing from her discourse. This roused up the meeting to general activity, and some of the best speeches ever made at the class were heard. The good that Mrs. Siddons did in purifying the stage and in making Shakspeare popular was shown. At the time she appeared morality on the stage was laughed at and thought puerile. She, with the great actor, Garrick, did much to reverse i ublic opinion. The difficulty of dealing with the character of an actress or singer was also pointed out, as they, unlike the poet, composer, etc , left nothing behind them by which we could judge of their worth. A duet ' Maying ' was tastefully sung by Miss McLaughlin and Mr. J. Hood. There was a tone of decided earnestness and. decorum the whole evening, but the proceedings were interrupted considerably by the larrikins outside. Some thing in Gympie must surely need looking into when an educational class such as this cannot secure peace without a policeman on duty all the time. Howard Smith & Sons' (Limited) have brought out a fresh edition of their pamphlet 'The Goldfields of Western Australia — a guide for intending visitors.' We acknow ledge the receipt of a copy from their Gympie ag.-nt. The S.M. Herald mentions that Mr. Thomas, M.L.A., has received the fol lowing wire from Mr. Albert Hinch cliffe, provincial secretary of the Auj tralasian Labor Fed'-ration : — ' Accept our hearty congratulations on your courag eous conduct re Tozer.' With this message the ' Reid- lozer incident' may surely be regarded as closed. It is hard to say which has played the most contemptible part in it — Premier Reid, Labor member Thomas, or the A.L.F. through its provincial secretary ? The Kilkivan correspondent of yester day's Chronicle writes : — Mr. Booker, of Maryborough, has taken over t'»at fatten ing property, Woolooga, and is now stocking it with bullocks to fatten for his extensive butchering business. Three mobs of ex ceptionally well bred bullocks are now passing — 700 head from Wonbab, 550 head from William Sly'e Mungi station, and 500 head from Cannindab ; a. further 1000 head from Mungi are to follow. The Graziere Butchering Corn; any, of Brisbane, are also moving large dratts of fat cattle from tho adjacent stations — Boonara, Kilkivan, Bar ambah, and Booubyjan. Tho Gladstone Meat Works have com menced killing operations. ' Ticks atroear to be decreasing in the Incham district, but deaths still occur daily amongst the 'cattle. From a private letter received in Blackall we (Babcoo Independent) learn that Frank Frederick, who was arrested in connection with tho recent shooting of the mail horses between Mitchell and Augathella, has oon fessed his guilt. It appears that Frederick ?was for some time scalping on Terriok Terrick station with his father and brother. Mr.J. P. Hoolan. M.L.A., has developed into a play-writer and actor, and is getting a bit of experience in Charters Towers. The local Toweks Herald says : — ' The author of « 'nr\r\lncJft T?.lAr»tir»Y» ' Mr .T P TTnMn« AT T. A is now aware of the fact that running a show is not the game it is cracked up to be. - The School of Arts on Monday night on the occasion of the second presentation of ' 000167*8, was paoked to the doors, but sad to relate, the total receipts totalled £19, of ? that sum £16 15s 6d were swallowed up in expenses leaving only £2 4s 6d profit.' i'he Croydon Golden Age of May 15 says : We cannot sufficiently express our contempt for the department which, aoting on the allegations of an anonymous letter from Normanton, instituted an inquiry Into the conduct of the police-magistrate at that place. The inquiry was a private one, and wa are therefore unable to give any particulars, beyond the fact that it was held by Mr. Sellheim last Saturday, under, in structions from his department, that the acousations were from an anony mous source, and that Mr. Zillman had I no difficulty in showing that the communica tion was a string of malioious f alsehbods.with an evident personal bias. 'The individual or individuals who resort to this method of attempting to injure even their enemies aie beneath contempt, wnat men snau db saio. of ft department -which encourages such actions? The beneficial effects of cowpea as an enricher of the soil is borne testimenyto by Mr.E. Knight, of llolan, for whilo most crops impoverish the soil it on the contrary prepares and enriches tbe soil for any crop following it. It can either be grown and cut green for cowfeed, or better still ploughed under when about coming into flower. The sugar planters who have tried it here speak highly of its effects on crops of cane following a orop of cowpea. sat j ther it will grow where lucerne -would [ fail.— JBundaberg Stab. Spopd's Novelty Company opened at the Theatre Royal last evening, and were created by a bumper house. The entertainment throughout .was most suodessful, nearly every itom being enoored. Tho first part of the programme was a minstrel show, with Messrs. W. H. Speed and J. F. Williams as corner men. Miss Lillie Devore secured a double onoore for her singing of ' Play in our yard ' and her graceful dancing, while Miss Lillie Raymond scored a success in her descriptive song 'To err is human.' This part of their programme concluded with negro melodies by Mr. w. i±. Speed, which fairly brought down the house, several repetitions being demanded. The best item of the evening was tho performance of Miss Amy and Mr. William Gourlay in ' That awful girl.' In this both showed to great advantage as singers and danoors, and they were twice reoalled on tho com pletion of their part. Mr. W. H. Speed was again to the fore with negro eccentricties and comicalities, and was followed by Mr. St. George who sang a oharaoter song, illustra tive of out for a birthday, for whioh he was loudly applauded. Misi Devere followed with & pretty song and dance 'Tho daisies,' and Mr. J. F. Williams was enoored for his singing of the comic song 'Mad.' The performance concluded with, the farce ' The Coming Man,' which was most ln.nchn.hlfl from atari in finish. The Company make their final appearanoe to-night, and should on their merits attraot another good house. A i&vago; dog, not unlike a Newfoundland, straying in Hyde Park, Sydney, bit three people so severely, last week, that they had to go to the Sydney hospital for treatment. The police then lassooedthe brute and shot it. Lady Brissey, accompanied by tho Hon. Mrs. Freeman-Thomas, visited the Salvation Homes in Punt-road, Richmond, on Tuesday. The distinguished visitors were reoeived by ' Major' Unsworth, and shown over both the Rescue and Maternity Homes by Mrs. Jeffries, wife of ' Brigadier' Jeffries. Lady Brassey expressed herself as highly pleased with all that she saw, and commended gener ally the work of rescuing tho fallen ? Age. Will the young man from 'out back' (asks Attious) never learn to mistrust the suave stranger in the wicked city who fancies he has seen him before, or who know his uncle at Billybunga ! On Thursday last an ingenuous party from Ironbark rustioating in Melbourne gave eight good gold sover eigns for a £10 note on a ' bnng ' bank. The man who traded with him was a pensive youth with a sad blue eye and a depreoiative sniff, and a general air of having been reared in a damp Sunday school and fed on bath buns and skim milk. He wanted ohange for the tenner in order to purchase chest protectors for his poor old grandmother, or to rescue a pious maiden aunt from the clutches of a profane bailiff, who roosted on the furniture and taught the canary bad language, or something of tho knd. When he had secured tho eight sovereigns the pensive youth went away to the relief of his grandmother or his maiden aunt, telling the party from Ironbark to await his return. In the words of the music hall ditty, the latter ' waited for him coming, but he didn't come at all.' Then Ironbark 'asked a police man,' and was enlightened ; and now he is sad at heart, his faith in human nature has gone by the board, and he wants nothing in life so much as two rounds with the genuine stranger who ' took him in.'' An ass named A. Rudd has been person ating a ghost near the West End cemetery, Adelaide, and frightening people, but he met his match in a man named Meddal. Disguised in a piece of white cloth the figure accosted Meddal one dark night and said in sepulchral tones ' Thomas Meddal I claim you.' ' Take me then' he answered, and struck it with a stick. Then the ghost and Meddal embraced each other after the style of the proprietor of Artemus Ward's show and the man who wanted to get his ' yaller dog' admitted free, the sheet was disarranged, and the author of the donkey-trick recognised. His next ap pearance was before the Police Court as an idle and disorderly person, and he was fined £4 5sl A casd of extreme cruelty to a cat was heard beforo the resident magistrate, Dr. Stewart, at Guildford, West Australia, on May 15, when the police proceeded against Joe Periera, an employee of Mr. W. Beyers Wood, butcher, of Guildford, for having wantonly ill-treated a cat. J'rom the evidence given it appeared that the cat had been a nuisance in Wo d's shop. It was secured by J. Periera, who tied a rope round its neck, and suspended it over a beam, allowing and encouraging dogs to torture and worry the animal. A young girl, Matilda Raigular, rushed next door to Mr. F. J. Read, and asked him to interfere. When Read appeared Periera was drag ging the cat by a rope into a lane adjoining, the dogs following, and snapping at the unfortunate creature. Read went to the police, and gave information. On a constable visiting the premises he found that the cat was dead and buried. He unearthed it and found that all its limbs were broken. The magistrate imposed a fine of £2, with £1 6s. costs, in default cne month's imprisonment. A heavier fine would have baen inflicted but for the fact that Mr. Isaac Wood gave evi dence that ho had issued instructions that the cat was to be destroyed. _ The oost of education at the different women colleges at Oxford and Cambridge is surprisingly uniform. At Newnham (Cam bridge) the fees are 75 guineas per annum; at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, £75; St. Hugh's College and domerville Hall, Ox ford, each £60. Girton College, Cambridge, is the most expensive, the fees being £105 per annum. Tiie Royal Holloway College, Egham, Surrey, provides board, lodging, and tuition for £90 a year. Out of 1486 ex students of Girton, Newnham, Somerville Hall, Holloway, and Alexandra, the women's colleges of England, only 208 are reported as married. The year 1895 will be memorable in London literary annals for one fact. It saw the sign ing of contracts whereby three novelists divided among them for as many works the sum of £27,000. These fortunate toilers in a field that others till with quite different results are Mr. Du Maurier, who received from Messrs. Harper £10,000 for his novel to succeed ' Trilby' ; Mrs. Humphrey Ward, who sold her forthcoming book for a similar sum ; and Mr. Conan Doyle, who receives from Sir George Newnes tho modest sum of £7000 for a novel. One of the most extraordinary maohani cal wonders of the world is a clock built by a Russian Pole named Goldfadon. He was at work upon it six yeirs- Tbe clock represents a railway station, with all its ap pointments and details carefully carried out. On the central tower is a dial which shows the time at New York, Loudon, Warsaw ondPekin. Every quarter of an hour the station begins to bustle, telegraph operators olick their machines, the station-master and his assistants appear, porters bustle about with luggage, and a miniature train dashes out of the tunnel on the one side of the platform. All tbe routine of a railway station is gone through after which the train disappears into another tunnel, to re-appear at the next quarter of an hour. 