[?] [?] $ 3SY 'Qu 1 4- .A USTRALIAN Eleven vcrsu.i Rest if Australia is acertuinty for March C and following days. Good business. The Australians will make a few sliilHnzs out of it. It will pro.ride thorn with pockot- monoy for n good wliile. Globe nro temporarily down from their pedestal. They made a grand figlit on Saturday, aud while Newell and Poidevin were together looked us if they were going to pull the game off. But the 'Currie- Turnor combination was a hit too deadly, and they have to rest content witli a narrow drubbing. There are uow.four clubs lovel in the leading position, viz., Globe, "VVavorley, South Sydney, aud East Sydney. Each of them has beun bcaton once. iL'lie University defeated South Sydnoy, the latter upset Waverley:, and the Uais wore bcaton by Wavcrloy. How will the lattor get on with East Sydney, who played a draw with the Souths, were benton by the Norths, who were beaten by the Souths. The problem is. find the winner. » - 9 The greatest club match of the season is to take place at Weitfcwrrrth Putt lo-dny. Ten thousand people '.will bo thorn. Alder man Abrnms (I .must congratulate hiui upon bis renewed term of nldermanie office) lins made the usual arrangements for the entertainment of tho teams. The Glebe cricketers. are not partial to Currie. Aud I don't blame them ; he was a trifle warm on Saturday. 9 9 Frank Dowuc3 will visit .England this Summer. If the big guns run Short of a bowler they can't go wrong in getting tho South Sydneyito.in.to harness. On British turf Frank would he no mug with tho ball, notwithstanding his drifting nigh tho sere anii yellow, aud has Robert Bruffish appear ance. - 9 9 Haldivne, the ex-South Australian, is running info form with bull mid 'bat. When tho Australiaus leave for Hingland South Sydney will want all the oldfellowB in lip-top form to make up for'-tho lose of Gregory and Donnan. They tell -mo that popular Sydney Callnway has chucked rip the game — tabes up too much of his time. If so, N.S.W. loses o«o of her most con- sistent performors. » Hopkins, of North Sydnoy, is coming along well with tho bat. It is a bit of a knock for Manly to .have to eat tlio North Sydney seconds loek. Some people averred with furrowed brows and eyes agiaro that the Villagers could loso the Shoremen in the cricket Hold. Results this year are unpalatable to such far-seeing gentlemen. Harris Woods hit like old Harry over at the Shore in the second innings. Ho got 44 not out in no timo, and ought to always delvo ill and whack hard — uo litvlf measures. mm They tell me that one of tho delegates at the olection of a cricket councillor on Tuesday was dressed in gay cricketing togs. Ho was enfiannelod and wore a gaudy coat of many colors, and a small cap upon his Manly head. His appearance at tho mooting in this garb wns highly sen sational. Haddington Second aro "dying very suroly. To get beaten hy South Sydnoy (the much beaten) is indeed an indignity. Thoy do b ay, hoc-over, that South Sydnoy played a nou-reBidonb m ono O'Noill. Georgo Cope, a -left-hander of erstwhile fall hitting tendencies, "played thogamo" like a brick, got top scoro, and holped materially to upsot tho equilibrium of tho Paddiugbon bowlers by- Ins cool, defensive P'ftJ- - - ; R-adforn wont down boforo tho ovor- piwering East Syduoyitos, despite Booth's willowy risu to tho Occasion. Reclfurii ought to keep their gronnd up to tho standard -during winter, and then apply to the Asso ciation for a first grado status. Coninghaui, Hume, and Robinson live there, and Harry Doimivn is adjacont, so hatwoen hopping and jumping tlioy'd got a very decent team — if tho Association stand by them as it did hy North Sydney. Delegates Allan and Hulton might keep tlioir optics on tho move. mm- Standing room only at'the Gleho to-day. South Syduey.havo a. grand team on paper, and if thoy cannot take the local men down no otlior team has a ghost of ji chance of doing so at 'Wentworth .Park. 9 " I would pick Turner ns tho first bowler in tho team," quoth Bob M'liood. Ditto nil other Australian cricketers excepting Giffen, Garrett, and Bruce. The respected trio did tho picking aud tho others the criticising, so Charlio was loft unpicked. " If it woro not for Turner some of tho English matches would not be finished yet. He is still our best bowler on English wickets." — Coninghatn's concise truth. » Tho selected Australians (minus Eady, Jones, nud Darling) had a meeting on Thursday week to elect a captain. Nino of tho team wero in favor of Trott, hut not ono was plucky enough to propose him be- causo Georgo Giffcu was prosont. Why did they not have a secret ballot? George would then havo known that all were against him. Tho rouiarknblo way in which thoy pilo rip centuries — single, double, and treble — in Melbourne givos you a lino .idea of tho infinitesimal extent of deadliness in thoir club bowling. It is well known that tliore is not a first- rato itrundlor in the land of cabbage gardens, not even Hughio Trumble, who only shines when tho wicket helps him. ' ' m m m Johnnio Ferris lias secured .a berth -in Adelaide, and will -play for. South Australia ; in the coming Ititereoloriials. Johnnie's cricket. pretousions aro now solely those of . a bats ii:an, and thoy say lie is pretty good with the willow. Ho bowled himself out with tholSDO Australian Eleven. Young Currio, of East Sydney, dis tinguished himself and extinguished the light of Glebe by catching four men and stumping another. Billy M'Elhone's capa cious chest has oxpauded a woo bit since last Saturday, and J>oo Ahrams' has shrunk a little. Billy, however, is a fino chesty individual, aud Loo — all, well 1 Loo isn't. 9 Frank Iredale madu tlie highest aggre gate (99) against 'Victoria last weak. Ho also made it against Victoria in Sydney last year .(108), and. against South Australia, .too (117). Irodalo scores well in both -innings, .ns a rule. He luis had twenty-two innings against Victoria, scoring 101, 80, 50, 55. 53, 40,40,37.32, 31\. 27r24, 22,21, 18, 14, 13, .9, 8, 5, 3 and 0. Without aid of a singlo not- out, bis average against the Vies, is 3177, and his aggregate 097. Harry Donnan's batting average against Victoria is 243 for thirty-three innings, 4 of whiiih were not outs. Irodalo has made more ruus "for two-thirds tho number of innings. The South Sydnoyitc's aggre gate is'G32 trans. 9 Poideviu's innings against East Sydnoy was ail elegaiifcand spicy . piece of butting. 'If lie had remained at tho wickets another half hour tho shield would lmvc beou a moral certainty for the blackwattlo boys. Poidevin is leading in tho-Glebo averages, dospito'Gcorgo Yonll's two conturies. He has an average of 02, aud George's is 58 — both first-class. Andy Newell is making up for liis failure with tho bat against Burwood and Cumber land. In his first three innings made only 2 runs, hut against Haddington ho got 55 and now this 70 not out givo3 liim a highly l-ospootaEle average of 31 runs. In both of tho lattor inuings Andy showed grit by coming with the runs at a stiff pinch. That's what I admire in a cricketer. Six for 59 against tho mighty Globo is ' an avorago that does not quite tally with . tho judgment of tho Australian selectors in snuffing Charlie Turner out. m Bob Boavis was caught in the slips on Saturday, and proceeded' to walk away, but bis friond Newell called liim back, aud, to his geuuino surpriso, Bob was givon a second innings. The nstonishmont was too much for liim, however, as ho soon sue- . cumbed. Now, if it had been Poidevin East Sydney would have torn its hair with rngo. Tho Bollxtin says thnt Tom Garrett is engaged in tho Rogistrar-Genoral's Depart ment. This is news fnr tho New South Wales skippor and lor all of U3. Allele Buckle shonld not stonowall; it is not his game. Snob a fiue, big, strapping young fellow ns bo should" put tho wood on. Jack Waino says he goes into tho Cricket Council with" tho intention of breaking it up because it iB useless, Tho latter is right, but Aldorman Jack is all wrong in bis " breaking up" policy. Tho Council is a .neoded thing, but its constitution is absolute rot. If Jack wants to do good, let him go for an amendment of the con stitution, for tho Council as it ekists is useless. Jack Worrall (who wasn't good enough in the opinion of tiie Victorian selectors to play agninst Now South Wales) will have a shot at tho Anstralian record to-day. Ho starts with 337 not out. Tho Australian record by Cleiu Hill is 3G0. A. E. Stod- dart's 483 is the world's record. Perhaps Worrall hasoyea on this too. Lord Hawke's tonui was badly beaten in "the first match at Capetown. George Loh- manu bowlod grandly, and Sammy Woods knocked up 45 out of 92 in the second in nings. Saui couldn't bowl owing to a bad shoulder. Willougliby clean bowled six of tho Britishers for 15 ill tho second in nings. » Nat Gould pats narry Musgrovo on tho buck iu a letter to tho Loudon Sports- mam. Tho Now South Wales delegates to the Cricket Council mooting to - night aro Messrs. It. Teece, J. M. Gibson, C. A. Richardson, and J. C. Waino. They loft last night for Melbourne iu the express. It is probable that tho Council will suggest to tho thirteen selected ones to tako auothor man— Turuor. There aro all sorts of rumors in tho air relative to this man and that man wanting so many hundreds boforo lio'll go to England. Theso rumors are base less. The members of the Australiau Eleven go homo on equal terms. It is 'highly probable that tho selection of. captain for tho Australian Elovon will come in-the shape of a public surpriso. Harry -Musgrove arrived in Sydney on Thursday, -and wns closeted with the iSyduoy .members of the team at the Oxford that might. Thoy talked biz. ' Three uiembers of the Australian Eleven will tako part in the match at Wentworth Park to-day. \- m At Geplong on Tuesday lanky Frank Haver scored "243 for East Melbourne. Albert Trott got 49, and another of tho numerous Trotties (F.) made 16 not out. Laver is, without exception, tho ugliest batsman of note in Australia — but ho gets runs. Pretty batsmen often. sacrifice runs for stylo, showing plonty of the -latter in compiling blobs. How many such gontlo- mon have you in your mind's tfyo? \- » Ah ! -I see Frank Downe3 had a bowl on Saturday. Someone must have been wbis- periug-in Sydney Gregory's oar that Frank used -to bowl in the Iutercolonials — he put him on last change. With his clear- cut, cLuan -shaved, classical features tho old -lofthandor doesn't look the character half as well as when he Bported the mustiwy and mutton chops. This at all events is tho only reason I can assign for S.E.G.'s overlooking of Francis. A cricketer .possessing an -over-grown hand is. dowered abundantly by Providence. Frank Walters gavo a practical illustration .of this truism by catching Bercridge junior with the .left at point and the lively Frank M'ELhono w.ith the right in the field. Tho hall in each ease disappeared so completely that one unconsciously likened tho hands that nailed it to a roomy carpet bag. West Sydney Frank is im proving vory much in tho field — ho worked against tho Victorians just as if he were paying thorn out for tho old sore inflictod upon hinisolf. The Waverley follows havo a weak tail to thoir toam just now. AUon, M'Elhono, aud Bovoridge junior nro not in the same i street as Johnnie Hillie.r. I saw the midget play a tip-lop innings the other day, and tha midget in this form is good enough to lead off for Waverley. Youug Aldurson compiled a pair of blobs at Wentworth Park against tho South Sydney Seconds. Ho was out l.b.w. first ball in the second innings, and thoy say the docision was a stunner to tho batsman. Somo of tho umpiring storic3 ono hears aro v.ery strong, and if tho genllumon who officiuto aro ono-tcnth as incapable as they ai'o painted, their kuoivlodgo of tho rules is particularly slender. m Jim Phillips (who is now quite an English swell) and Jack T'oohor umpired without causing a murmur of dissatisfac tion in tho Intercolonial. Tom M'Kibbin, howovor, inndo sure that lie had got Laver out l.b.w. on Thursday, and so did I, but Jim had a doubt, nnd being a good umpiro gave the batsman tho benefit of it. Aldorman Jack Waino has boon ap pointed to tlie vacancy on the Cricket Council cnused by tho resignation of Jack Tortus. He boat his co-doiogato for South Sydney (Teddio Briecoo) by a couple of votes, much to tho surpriso of tho cogno scenti. Jack Waino knows a thing or two about cricket-Hio's been on the grand tour with on Australian Elovon. Teddio, how ever, knows more than a thing or two, and has boon as many years connected with tho Association ns his successful co-dolegato has been months. Jack, howovor, belongs to the now radical party in cricket politics aud Teddio doesn't. m Finnoran's bowling average against Cumberland is uniquo — 168 balls, 3 maidens, 154 runs, and 1 wicket. Finneran is becoming famous quite suddenly. Hedloy Terry is after tho century against the Shoremen. The odds aro, how ever, that although lie now has 85 to his credit, lio gets run out without leaving tho nineties. Ho lias a penchant for doing such things. Three batsman who must boforo long show .Victoria and South Australia that Now South Wales does not lag behind in the rearing of skilful batsmon : — Farquhar, PoidoTin, and Trnmper. Thoso young 7 men are coming along splendidly with tun bat, and tlicy also field well. ' Sammy Jones and old " Boyley " say lhat Percy M'Donri ell's form in Brisbane is good enongh for any tiling in tho universo. Thoy say ho ought to bo selected to captain Aus tralia in England, and I agree with them. M'Donnell is a king compared to any mem ber of the picked thirteen as a skipper, and uot one of them can play the hard game alongside of luui. Tell mo is thero a tuem- bor of tho Australian toam capable of successfully captaining them ? Not one, more's tho pity. Linoy Wnlkor, of the tnis, ami... ..iio crickotur and crack tliroe-qunrter, has gouo to Perth. I wish him hiekinhis now berth as a banker. The 'Varsity Rugby team will sadly miss his brilliant speed, his meteoric dash, his try-goitiu - proclivities, and his unassuming self. Albert Trott spoilt his bowling through playing baseball, but then I do not think Albert ever was or over would be a wonder with tho ball. Ho will bo a dandy bat in -a year or two — aud would havo made a lot ot runs this year wero one eye not on the Australian Eleven aud the other on the bowler. If William Bruce's attenuated blobful column, of scores made by burly Jack Lyons bo absolutely correct, then tho said John on good wickots must bo a giant alongside -the other fellowB, because lie scored over a hundred runs more than any of them. Per haps Bruce will now oblige ivitk tho groat George's batting in tlie same matches. It is a notorious fact that in England Georgo couldn't look at the fast bowlers. Tuc midgets, Graham aud Gregory, used to do the run-getting on such occasions. Bruce is a plucky fellow to outer tho lists as ho has dono. Selectors as a rulo do not care about making thoir reasons public property. Wavorley lire losing Cruickshank, tem porarily at all events. They lose thoir bust batsman. 9 9m Tho watch Australian Eleven against Rast of Australia is I think as good ns arranged to- come off in Sydney tho first week in March. After an earnest confab ; with myself, I opine that Bruce and Garrett j should not bo asked to take pfirt in tlie selection of.fhe second toam. And I am a ! trifle inclined to overlook their claims for selection too. How would tho following corao off against tho Australians: — M'Donnell (captain), Bannerman, Lyons, Hill, C. M'Laod, A. E. Trott, Mackenzie, .Turner, Howell, Couinghani, Kelly or Jarvis, Bruee and Walters. Half-a-dozen of these wore members oE tho 1893 Aus tralian Eleven, viz., B.v.iuerman, Lyons, Turner, Conningham, Bruce and Jarvis. One of thom had the greatest aggregate with tho bat, and another tho finest bowling average. It will ho a warm tussle if the " Bast of Australia" olevonbo well selected. Willie M'Laod's slows wero vory much relished by Farquhar at Parramatta. Willie bowled 93 balls for 97 runs, but he had the satisfaction of getting tho double century man. Arthur Coninghara is oligiblo to play for Now South Wnle3 against South Australia in tho next match. J The Australians aro going home in the Rome, aud not tho Cuzco. The Rome is a P. and O. boat, and leaves Sydney on. March 14. Percy M'Donnell's 114 on Saturday wero mndo in 70 minutes. How would the public cheor if ho put up a century against tho Australians in March ? Tho Glebe aro trying two now men against South Sydnoy to-day. Tom Duggan, wio lias blossomed out as a bowler, ought to bo a very useful man, as ho is a rattling field and sticker with the bat. H. Newell, who has scored a lot of runs for tho second toaui, is tho other colt. Tho Sunday Tiuks to-morrow will havo full particulai-3 of tho Council Meeting iu | Melbourne. All Cano-handlo IJ.it 3 7s Gil. Shaw and Shrews bury, Lillywhitc, IUrtlett, Car belt, &c.; Import prices. Mice Sitiuoss, llajm'k't, Oit'd, Goo-sts.' | 