PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (BY OUR' SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) THE LATE MR. CHILDERS. LONDON, January 31. — Mr. Childers has played a prominent part in Anglo- Colonial society ever- since he came home as Agent- General for Victoria 37 years ago. Few men did more (especially in the sixties and seventies) to "cement tbe tics" which bind the colonies to the mother country, or used tho said ties to greater oratorical effect. Recently the right lion, gentleman was less frequently associated with Anglo-Colonial re-unions, though he had arranged to pre side over the Colonial Institute meeting a fortnight ago. This latter-day aloofness no doubt led a "Times" scribe into the blun dering remark that "Mr. Childers never manifested any special enthusiasm for the unity and the consolidation of tho Em pire." When the Earl of Derby appointed Bishop Selwyn, the Primate of New Zealand, to the See of Lichfield, Mr. Childers called on the editor of the "John Bull," and brought an article which was inserted as a leader, praising the action of the Tory Premier as one of the greatest value to the colonies. He was a strong Churchman, and did a great deal of unostentatious practical work. His radiant smile, bis look of prosperity, bis genial manner, and kindly sympathy made him a general favorite. The influence of Mr. Chllders's early contact with the fresh, free air of the colonies never wholly deserted blra, though when member of S. Edinburgh it Is said that a canny Scot, who knew him at the Antipodes, declared tbat his Liberalism was no longer of tbe same calibre and breadth as in Australia. "Kosraos," in a letter to him, said: "Colo nial wlliness and English officialism are a curious, though a perfectly harmless, blend." Though it is true that Mr. Child ers was a capital specimen of an English official, no one who knew him would allow that he had any "wiliness." He had, no doubt, his ambitions and his disappoint ments, but no more thoroughly honest. If not original, Minister ever existed. His great desire was to do his duty as ho understood It, and li is colonial experiences were always utilised to promote Imperial ends. He was a great admirer of Mr. Gladstone, very fond of travel, a good judge of pictures, and kept himself thoroughly "au courant". with the literature of tho day. REV. GEORGE WALTERS. In the "Inquirer" of Saturday last there is an interesting article by the Rev. George Walters, of Sydney, on "The Liberal Faith Under the Southern Cross." Mr. Walters says there are in Australia multitudes of people who have lost almost all intellectual or spiritual sympathy with the distinctive doctrines of orthodox Christianity, but there, as iu other places, their heresy be comes associated with indifference. Car dinal Moran has put upon record his own knowledge of the fact that many of tho leading men in New South Wales, at any rate, have no faith in what ho regards as "essentials"— no belief even in the super natural nature and mission of Christ. Amid difficulties which Mr. Walters thinks can scarcely bo appreciated at home, the cause of liberal Christianity is. nevertheless,' be ing staunchly upheld by a growing Aus tralian community. t Mr. Walters then describes tho distinc tive features of the Unitarian Churches — or, as some of them prefer to be called, "The Churches of Our Father" — in Ade laide, Melbourne, and Sydney. The liberal faith, he explains, is also represented by the large and Influential "Australian Church" in Melbourne, of which Dr. Strong is pastor. It appears to be the deeire of Mr. Walters — and he says it is also Dr. , Strong's — that all the liberal Churches in the colonies should amalgamate. I venture to think myself it would be an excellent idea, especially if they dropped the cogno men Unitarian, to which endless ignorant prejudice attaches. The average person has not the faintest notion what Unitarians do or do not believe. Tbpv mostly think, what I heard a dear old lady say the other day, viz., "I only know, my love, they are next door to Atheists." The humor of this par ticular remark lay in the fact that tho speaker had attended Dr. Brooke Hcrford's chapel at Hampstead for two months, and told all her friends he was the best preacher in London — as, indeed, many people think — without ever discovering she had strayed into an anti-Trinitarian conventicle. The article In the "Inquirer," I should explain, forms part of the paper which the Sydney minister read before the Bri tish and Foreign Unitarian Association at Essex-hall on Wednesday week. At the conclusion, tlie president, in thanking Mr. Walters, begged him to bear a message of hearty goodwill to the brethren in Aus tralia. Thereupon Dr. Brooke I-Ierford, with characteristic practicality, suggested it would be fraternal and to the point to send something more substantial than good wishes to Sydney as a token of their sym pathy with Mr. Walters and his congrega tion. As one who had spent seven years in Chicago, he knew something of the diffi culty of trying to stir the people in a new community to take a deep interst in reli gious affairs. Dr. Hcrford's proposal- does not seem to have been received with any great enthusiasm, and Mr. Walters finally departed without any contribution to iiis debt fund, though the association behaved very handsomely in tlie matter of votes of thanks. THE REV. H. R. HAWEIS. The visit of the Rev. H. R. I-Iaweis to the colonies does not appear to have de prived him of his taste for adding fancy novelties to the Church service. What with his surpliced female choristers in- mortar-boards, his daring liberties with the Prayer-book, his comic sermons, and his even more humorous and yet. withal, busi ness-like insistence on worshippers putting silver or gold in the collection plate, Even song at St. James's, Westmoreland-street, has long been one of tho finest ecclesias tical shows in London. Since the incumbent returned from his colonial tour, however, tiie houses have not been overflowing, so last Sunday ho added yet another attrac tion in the shape of— a magic lantern. It was used, of course, to the "Glory of God," but its effect on miserable man must have gratified Mr. Hawcis. Seldom has Ik- cracked a larger number of pulpit jokes and wheezes in forty minutes, and the au dience — I should say congregation — were not unmindful of the fact wlieu the plates came round. It was pleasant, too, to see the shining light in the rev. gentleman's eyes when the sidesmen tipped their small salvers of shillings and half-crowns into the larger one wherewith he awaits at the altar the reward of their pious efforts. Scoffers have been known to cavil at the rather greedy aspect of Mr. Haweis at this supreme moment of his Instructive ser vice. But surely that is most unjust. Tills lively laborer must be worthy of his hire. MARCUS CLARKE'S WIDOW. The announcement that the widow of Marcus Clarke is In poor circumstances, and that by way of assisting her a single issue magazine is to be published in Syd ney, has raised a somewhat satirical smile In English literary circles. Wo know this form of helpfulness so painfully well. The .'nlliators mean kindly. If they desire, whilst doing their duty toward their neigh bor to give their own drawing reputation a lift, who can blame them? Unfortunately, however, a surplus seldom results. What with the cost of the paper and the cover and Illustrations, a culpable apathy of the public in declining to pay tip-top price for l'utirLh-rato efforts of fifth-rate writers, the recipients of charity are apt to come off rather badly. I cannot remember an in stance of a literary venture of this sort paying. On the other hand,' I can recall two (one in connection with a largo charity bazaar) where — despite titled contributors ;;nd the assistance of Mr. Rudynrd Kip- Ung — tlie book brought out resulted in an awkward deficit. T ngre entirely with the "Pall Mall Ga zette' that If Mrs. Marcus Clarke requires help, a public subscription or theatrical benefit the best way to raise a consider able sum, The benefit should, of course, be genuine, everybody Trom leading lady to stage carpenters, orchestra, and employees in front of the house, giving their services free. Tho sharR-philanthropic dodge which means advertising oneself and giving "nix," ought to be sternly exposed whenever and wherever apparent. THE LATE MR. ALEXANDER MAC MILLAN. Thanks to the ubiquity of their admirable Colonial Libraries, the great publishing firm of MacMfllan and Co. is ro-day almost as well known at the Antipodes as in Lon don. All Australasian readers will, there fore, be concerned to hear of the death of tho aged head and founder of tills famous house, Mr. Alexander MacMillan. Alexan der and his eldest brother, Daniel, took to bookselling, and in February, 1843, they set up together as booksellers in London. Later, acting on the advice of Archdeacon Hare, whose "Guesses ct Truth" they had published, tho MaeMilLuis removed to Cam bridge, and from that moment their pro gress and prosperity wor»? unchecked. The author of "Tom Brown" has told in his life of Daniel liow lie was gradually brought to abandon the strict Scottish Puritanism in which lie had been brought up, and ended by joining the Church of England, The firm became, In fact, the recognised pub lishers of the Broad Church party, number ing among their clients one of its oldest lenders, Archdeacon Hare, and subsequently Maurice Kingsley, Stanley, and Dean Vaughan. x The MacMillans' business was not, how ever, restricted to the literature which doubtless most commended itself to the opinions and tastes of its heads. They publish for several High Churchmen, in cluding Archbishop Trench and Dean Church, the late Bishop of Durham, and the present Bishop of Adelaide, as well for Mr. Freeman, Mr. J. R. Green, Mr. Mathew Arnold, and Mr. Huxley, and some years ago, as it will be remembered, they acquired tho copyright of all Lord Tenny son's works. The late Sir J. R. Seeley, when he published "Eccc Homo" anony mously 30 years ago, was probably Induced to select MacMillans as his publishers by the acquaintance which he had gained with them while they were employed by the firm of Seeley and Co., to whose family he be longed. There is a story that Mr. Alexan der MacMillan once invited a select dinner party "to meet the author of 'Ecce Homo/ " but there was no introduction, and when the party broke up everybody suspected his neighbor of the authorship, which remained a secret between tho host and the guest of tho evening. Mr. E. J. Lounen's Australian friends will be horrified to have heard that the hero of a thousand Ballyhoolys (not to men tion Klllaloes) is In durance vile at Pre toria. accused of high treason. The role in which he fought was doubtless that of tho "Bogie Man," but Boers beiug without humor, the impersonation scarcely seems to have met with its customary success. "No wonder," observes a ribald liner on the London press, "no wonder" it was difficult to treat a rebellion seriously with Mr. Lonnen in a leading part, and we can. well understand why Cornish miners declined to assist in what must have seemed to them such' dreadful play-acting. Mr. Lonnen's Imprisonment helps to explain why the pri soners had such a thoroughly pleasant time in Pretoria Gaol. Incarceration is robbed of much more than half its terror© if you've Mr. Lonnen with whom to while away the fleeting hours. We feel certain that' as he marched to his anything but lonely cell he did not forget to say (as we have all heard him say a thousand times in "Little Christopher Columbus"): "Well, they won't know me now." . Miss Agnes Murphy, the Australian authoress and journalist, is having a lively time over her book, "One Woman's Wis dom," now in the fourth edition. In one week she was the recipient of three cable grams advising libel actions by various Melbourne residents who deemed them- selvos maligned and held up to ridicule in her story. As a matter of fact, Miss Mur phy denies that her story contains a por trait cf any person she has ever known. Her characters are all puppet© created out of her own imagination. Messrs. Routledge have nought the copyright of "One Woman's Wisdom" right out, and will doubtless know how to deal with the wrathful cable- granimers. Miss Murphy, at all events, is not much disturbed by their threats. Mr. Warwick Gainor, the baritone, who Is over In the States, has just accepted an engagement for a concert tour to include New York, Chicago, and all the principal cities. The party will include the famous French chanteuse, Yvettc Guilbert, and Orlando Harvey, the English tenor who toured Australia with the Foil concert troupe some three years ago. Mr. Gainor has only just concluded a long engagement with the Hinrick Grand Opera Company in Philadelphia. He was uniformly successful in his roles, but made a big hit as the Flying Dutchman in the opera of that name, and gained some very eulogistic no tice© for his rendering of the part oC Major Granville in the new opera by Messrs. Car ter and Audley, tbe "Patriots." Mr. Willie Walshe's engagement with Minnie Palmer lias, I hear, come to an abrupt termination, owing, 'tis said, to the fact that "the ghost won't walk" to the tune of the hundred dollars a week for which Mr. Walstao agreed to perform. So the tenor's "slice of luck" was, it Gecme, a very thin one, and badly buttered to boot. We shall, In all probability, have Mr. Walsbe in London before long. 