I Tiffi INDIVIDUAL ENGLISHMAN, j (Melbourne Argus.) " Tho supreme product of England is not its institutions, its empire, its com- merce, or ¡ts literature-it is the indi- vidual Englishman !" This is what the Bishop of Peterborough told a great gathering nt Oxford tho oilier day, and lie went oil to dcvoteiin entire " Humanes lecture" to tho task of explaining what ¡6 the clement, in Hie individual English- man which makes him at once of such value lu thc world and so indigestible to I lie stomach of foreigners. Dr. Creigh- ton, in a word, undertook once more the ofl-attcinpted task of trying to "ex- plain " the typical Englishman, to resolve him into his elements aid to detect, the qualities which make him liol li so successful and so unpopular. II. is a very rare genius, however, who can dissolve that mysterious com- pound the " character "of a milton in his ink-pot, and explain, willi scioutilio pre- cision, the secret of its power-the qualities which enable it to resist time, and achieve victory, and impress itself in inefTiceable characters on history. The vivifying force of a nation is, no doubt, Ihe character of its individual citizens. The world has witnessed the rise of other empires, as stately and magnificent as that over which Queen Victoria reigns, hut they have fallen as well as risen. They were empires, they are memories, mere historic ghosts that have passed from the world of living polities and only haunt thc pages of historians. "Oilier institutions," says Dr. Creighton, "have seemed more solid, hut they have passed away. Ot her empires have been vaster, but they have vanished. Commerce may have been equally adventurous in other times, but its harbours and tuarts are in ruins. Literature may have spoken in richer tones, and science may have constructed more massive systems; but, they are now the inspiration of a few students." Why have great and ancient kingdoms vanished !" It has been, Dr. Creighton says truly enough, because national character failed in power to keep what it had acquired. ? re (here clements in English national character which give promise of escaping that fate? To find an answer lo that somewhat serious question Dr. Creighton undertakes a scientific analysis of the English character. This is an ambitious task, and the led ure leaves the reader, indeed, with thc impression I hat it is too big for Dr. Creighton. Though he can construct some more or less wise and willy aphorisms about the typical Englishman, he is not. quite, able to decompose him into his elements and explain this groat human factor in the world's history. Yet it is always interesting to hear what a critic so keen and shrewd, as well as sympathetic, has to say on such a subject. The English, Dr. Creighton thinks, were the first people who formed for themselves a national character at all ! This is n somewhat hard saying, when we remember how separate and characteristic was the physiognomy of Egvptian, and Greek, and Roman. Apparently, however, Dr. Creighton's history begins with llie Norman con- quest ; and he detects, shrewdly enough, that curious separateness which at a very early period became the note of English politics. Eligían j, thal is, from the first, declined to melt into the general politics of the Continent; and this was due, not to the accident of its insular geography, but to a certain stubborn quality of inde- pendence in Ihe English character. In one sense the typical Englishman is a much more eclectic being than Ihe typical Continental. The Continental nations are imprisoned within their natural boundaries ; but it has never been so with England. From tho Middle Ages downwards, to quote Dr. Creighton, it " slowly absorbed Wales, waited for Scotland, and neglected Ireland." In modern times England has overflowed into all lands und seas. But though the typical Englishman refuses to be imprisoned within his own narrow geographical boundaries, his character has always a certain note of separateness. He stubbornly insists on managing his own affairs. He has a curious faculty for resisting tho ideas which sweep over other nations. Ab- stract questions and ideal schemes do not take him captive, though some great English politicians, alas, in modern times have certainly stripped themselves of that severe and wholesome practi- cally. To this separateness Dr. Creighton thinks there is added the hardness which comes with almost unbroken success. English history does not bear tho scars of centuries of oppression, of long struggles to achieve unity, of pas- sionate outbreaks of national despair, of dreams of universal happiness or of universal empire, ending in a sad awakening. The Continental nations have certainly suffered more than Eng- land. Suffering, no doubt, hus it own compensations ; but it hos left on these nations traces of " something fantastic, unreasonable, fanatical." The English- man is not chastened by memories of defeat, and hence Iiis irritating Imbil of tendering " aggressively reasonable "advice" which other nations find so exasperating. The typical Englishman is not only sepárale and hard, he is bluntly out- spoken. He forms, willi a curious in dependence, his own opinion, and having formed it insists on uttering it, and does this, too, usually at the top of his voice. This is not nn amiable habit. But by way of compensation no other human being is, perhaps, so tolerant of opinions which contradict his own. A Continental statesman looks upon " opinions " as so much dynamite. He will suppress or punish dangerous opinions as he would criminal acts. The Englishman, on the other hand, is not only magnani- mously tolerant of all opinion, it seems to him tho worst of crimes to punish for mere opinion. The executions under Queen Mary were not more I numerous limn those under Henry j VIII, or Elizabeth. What is it givos thom so shocking a complexion in Eng i list) eyes? They wem inflicted, Dr. : Creighton answers, for the mere hold- ing of opinions, and not for thc main- tenance of social order. Perhaps thc most original part of Dr. Creighton's address is that in which he contrasts thc slow and de- liberate way in which England weighs Continental literature, art, and thought, and rejects decisively what is not in harmony with itself, and thc almost, unreasoning rapidity with which other nations have been dominated by impulses from England. Nothing is more curious, in fact, (han the irritating unconscious- ness the English character has of thc decisive way in which it has moulded both thc history and thc institutions of other nations. A great book might be written on this theme alone. Perhaps the part of Dr. Creighton's lecture which will be read with most com . placoncy is that in which he declares . that the typical Englishmen takes with I him everywhere certain crude but ¡ obstinate notions of liberty, duty, and justice, which make him, on the whole, i the best civilising agent known to j modem history. Courtiers, of old, used to flatter kings. Dr. Creighton, it is to bo feared, has undertaken to flatter a nation. 