NARRATIVES I: t * OF'TBB BOSHRANGING TIMES ? [CoPYBionT.l BY CAPTAIN LAG id THE MACQUARIE GANG. , PART XV. ' ? ? — v Dre ed in the dead man's clothes,: ^ and a like him as possible, Brady - had1 ^ ^ little doubt that he would not ^ draw _ , 1 much su ptcion. He attangedUhat if; ^ h^smjfeeded he ^?wduld. s'ertd. Wprd o^ ?Siring it him elf.s They were Jost'op^at: r #the hou e as long as-they.couiid; but * if anything occurred : to yrivpKthem. ' ^away he appointed as aL rendezvous a certain glen insthe mourit^irts ;.Some r' three mile distant- He ' had- scarcely: di appeared in? the forest - which sur ?0 ^founded the house when two rrien rose from beViind a log 7 close to which he r pa edand tared at him. They were 4 \ in convict dress, and a glance was suf % ficient to show that they did: riot belong to the free section of the people. Their J, istealthy i ;and covert actions, and the evident-pain they took to conceal them-. ^ elve , howed that they feared detec ^ tion The two strange-loOking;men stared a though it was' 'a ghost'arid' not -a being of flesh and blood that; had. H gone by and disappeared in the thicket v to the left of them. : * 3. ~ 1 1 J! It earn t be.he, Bill?/- -'.one;- of-. the-. 1 men spolce, in a awe-stricken, voice; .... * n i The man addressed! only- gapgdr'after % BradyjmtentlyVand'returnpd.qo^riswer..; At la t he aid — ' I got a'-' regular -scar-' ' a mg Alf, but, now I think of it, Roddy wasn't near a tall as that .fellow. . , It's a, T A ome bolter h xs got into the house 'and taken the clothes .off.' !u, ;, . ; V;,:.; — 1 - ' The fyro men. ^hp .thus, spoke, wefe; 'no other than the ''assigned .servants who hid, sp,-., treacherously; murdered. « *? Rcddi h and his wife a couple of- days ' *? pfefviHisly They -had' left the; house witli the intention ,of- -going to* Low , Head and tryirig/tP get off -.the main-' y 'land in one of the smugglers' ;'bodts * that plied in the Straits' Finding that the convict garb was. against the plan ?$ey 1} d formed they Betide.d to return to the home jtead, where they knew there was a uit or. two; oficlo,thes, which would di guise them sufficiently .-? for, — their purpose. They-; arrived -back at r -- the moment that Brady ;wa8'!eavihg'-for u ^Geofge Town, and, .haunted with the ?w. vi ion of the foully murderfjd . man,' * they at fir t thpUgm^th'fi; 0iiUfc chief'1 4 wa Reddi h himself. .... ! «, i 'That's wot it is, -Alf. ,? One of them \- j chap ha been around., and - taken the. clothe we want.' Hadn't 'ivre Abetter, 0 fpHer^nd ,pot!-ij-jmlJ?v;-;;:,^,.:-^.;'&iV;'-..' i . iT' ?' 1'' — Let's go- torthe-hut andseejf. anything i left'- We- might -pick'; up! r j omething that .'would ?: help us.'-, 'Any Way,-5 we'll have to get some- meat, for -J m nearly tarving.' ?? ? ; - : *? , They were both. '.in';, the latter, condi-? Ation, if one could judge 'by -the . wolfish' i- look in they ayes, and, without further, j words, they both turrfied- towards trie: «J 'clearing They had; just inade' half-a- ? dosjen tep when they' stopped ^sjmul ^{arteou ly a though asecond ghost had ♦ ,n ep in their, .Vay-TrAnd;:indeed!:they' had reason to do so, Just emerging, ' ^ Br from the hoti ie ,wert' three '' men -. carry-, ^ ing an object- which the -watchers knew * 'bilt too well It was the outlaws takirig r~ the body of 'Reddish to -\the shallow 'grave which they had dug 'some twenty ' Yar®' from the house. ' At first- the con v 'vjet took the party,- who: thus per fprmed the last office for -.the dead, to be neighboring .. settlers,, pr men sent from the tatidin to ido theTworW-;-';'but!a; ji moments reflection .caused a dif w fercnt theory fp form . in 'their, minds. ^ Tiiere were none of the visible mani , f fetation of constituted' authority, and svi * if it were only settlers who - were thus' , a'ctihg they woujd be doingS»ri unlawful ; , KtPct Be lde , 'neither oT &hem; 'could r^cogpi e any of those-rthey sa\v as neighbor , and they, knew the' surrdund-'* v ing settler i .well.-, The .old .mian had' Wibeen carried out by. two. bf^the outlaws, ' and when the third man made hisap pearance jie did much; tp solve the: doubt 3 and surmises in- the minds p(. 1 the fctouchingvfconvicts. V'l3e still wore *' ' convict dre , and the sight of the de ( __ ^'te ted garb uggested the solution, ' : A' \- part^ of bushrangers had ' come ito the! 4- ( Jnou e, and finding what had occurred, r determined to turn it to. some account.. * ,- Jt could easily be seenlthat . the oldr A couple had been murdered by the con vict' ervant / hence why should the. f latter run away ?;' One. of them: for a v rea on which the men could hot fathom ' a, ' 'Mid put Reddisps elothes' oh;'ari(i;was 1 making in the ' jli^ecitioir. ijofaj (^!-ige' tTft-wn What, the motive^was.. con A,f ' cerned them but -little, -a'a. the house V w5js the object which ttii^r'wthds were, fixed on.. They were forestalled- io its li ^ 5 ' occupancy, and they mentally blamed, 1 ** their stupidity in nbt taking'; what ;they fi wanted in the 'first, instance, y^pr'a ^ few minute they silently. .regarded the burying operations and saw the body of fS.2 -'? Mrs Reddish carried DUt and thrown V into the hole.- It waf Bill who first ! ' ''sfioke, and a smile of devilish 'cunning, ^ v f lighted up his evil face as he said to his jCompanion 'I don't e'e as how we can't turn s i'thi3 to account, Alf. ? Let us to the; ?i$L i station and tell the commandant | as , how the hou ;e was attacked by bolters 5 ' t and we got clear away ibut thebld. 'uns ,/ were collared. ^ '.That.^ ^might;:get'Us but j. of the me : ' r The convict's compaiH^nVVgt-.once ^ saw the wi dom of the^scheine. - Both of them wer6 ina:tighf fix} and it would be playing a trump icaVpif' they .'could shift the blame'of the hideous murders ♦- on to others' backs.- ;Th.e-more they v « r^gardfd the i(^ea the Tetter it 'seemed,: ( and a it wpuld,. be necessary ,'to^ take -! immediate action they, resolvedrto 'at t once tart for Launceston and make a 1 tatement to the authorities.' : Without! further lo of lime they turned in the direction of the settlement and reached the outskirts of the town shortly 'after noon '* ; Here- thej- were ''stopped by a con stable, and-they asjeed to be brought to the civil commandant as they had most important news. 'Brought before that official they narrated in graphic fashion how the1 house of Reddish had been at tacked the evening previous by several armed men. They, bad been taken by surprise and could offer np effectual re sistance, -., and Reddish and his. wife were both in, the bed upstairs at the time. What become of them 'they did hot know, but it was more than pro bable they fared ill at the hands of the assailants. They had concealed them selves near' the' house during ihe night ;ahd saw-one ol the ' bushrangers ' leave jtiie 'homestead, 'dressed in. . the bid settler's clothes, arid , when, they left the place there were still thre'6 men at it. ' Colonel Balfour- was at once com ,'tpunicated with, ahd when he had heard the story he resolved to s'end^i party of soldiers to the placa ;',It: was likely enough \ the ^assailahts' : would, not. be there ; but whether.or not it would , be necessary to send a force to the fairm. Taking six reliable men, he set out about four o'clock in the afternoon and calculated on reaching the place before nightfall. — He knew the locality well, arid even at' night he ? would ' have had little difficulty in ' reaching it. One of ,the convicts— he; called him Bill— ac- companied the. expedition, and, as cal culated,: they came 'near thej lonely house-about sunset. ' r '? ??-.???? As it was possible the outlaws might be in the vicinity -icaution was neces sary, and, dividing his party into three, .the ' men approached the house from different directions.' They could '''see smpjee;, rising frqm ' the . turf-bui'lt chimi neyt and5 -.tjifit .showed;. that either, Red- dish and his wife were im the housed or the attackers had' not yet- gone away. The latter seemed scarcely probable as the men, whoever they might be, must know of thelcbnvicts' escape ' and the fact -that they^ 'would;- give an alarm. 'After Wa'iting fpr a, 'few:.min'utes'bn.the fringe bf. tfye biush, it jyas se«ri that , the outlaws h.ad not gone'away, and jal/ojuir decided to,(w^iLimtiI dusk arid . thep rush th.e.hut.. ?: ! j - .= ? i;,jFrbm.the maririer thoserin the hut :acted, they: did not' appear- to.-expect' at- tack^ and; this somewhat 'puzzled - .the cbloiiel.;' : 'As soori: :as! the gathering darkness ;Wiarde objects' iridistiribt; the word was given 'to-th^^bldiers to.'creep' up to; tlf^ house and ;at'the;sigrial :rush iiv; ^'al/ojur^nii^s^/^wjb'd^e^^sjtiirlcjed danger)'led.tfi§ w;ay to . ttie. . jaac k : wi t Vip u t- the slightest sign that those inside, were .aware of. thj: near apprpacltof ienemies. ;Wherinthe whole of, the* par'y -had got :that ;.faj Balfour - moved-:round to the ^dbbpand simultaneoUsly;the -men burst 'in-at the ddor^nd at the aperture thai had'bieen .'tria'd'e by .^Brady''tp effect' an ,enfrahce/' ^ v'. : ? r There.:, were, th'reg .:'men:j infidel were .-taken, com pjeteiyrp.ff;. their guard, ;apd ; ;;inr -'ap'; Tn'sfa'nt' ;'they,r ^ivere,'--:bver- ipowerediarid, secured., ..-i' , Balfour, atonce recognised one of the 'captured' men as identical with an a's Uailarit :.at '? Bartlett'sl'' and ''he'.: was ,! ex trem^lV pleased 'fo' find; that- they had nptprioiis :Brady„ gang!,, ..The :;chief bf them was still 'at- large, and he seemed to have e^traordinary.:luck. in thUs .es -iaping ;the ? authorities. The 'captured irieri ? ihairitained :; a' sullen 'demeanour and would give tlte !,cb.lbn'd;:.hb' informal tipti .as , to' the, 'whereabouts, of Brady.' Balfour, who was now getting an ex rp'ert an the business of hunting down bushrangers. decided that he would re rnairi'-'in the- housfe- for tHtee-'or four ?days:in the hope that' Brady might: fe turn.' ''/,It;was(an pi3f chancej. but it , ' was ;n?ce'ssary^that he sK.tp'uld .take' ' the- pre caution in case .of, the. man's return. He:' would I, send ; the / captured bush-, rangers - back ^ to: ;Launceston in the morning and remain behind with two men. Four would be sufficient escort for the prisoners, and a couple of soldiers could besent;ba?k to the house .with, food 'for .the colonel.-:..,, This pro-, gramme was faithfully carried out with what result, the reader will shortly see. \- ' We must now return- to- Brady - He -found little difficulty 'in making George Town, for the. day .was a fine o'rie 'and the country favorable. -for' travelling. ;T.he settlement was(a small one, an-J at the- time,- as. now, ;.of , little importance. It- had (been, a military station of con siderable -strengthen the first' instance, - but; Launcestbn had -taken the 4ead as the ^principal, settlement ' in. ihe north some' years:' previously; '.',T|ie rather' awkward navigation pf.theTamariRiver caused . many '.vessels ?' to still .- go , nP ?further than G.eorge Town-, and for that reason -' it- had ' been 'selected- by-;the leader of Jth'e bushrangers. ? AtLow Heads, 'where the. Tamar en tered'-'ith'e ocearii:-,th'^re!.was' a .signal* station^- which sent:,, -intelligence to ?George Town', sand it was transmitted by siniilar meaHs tb Ijauoceston. There were, several low ^pubHc;houses . at the set'tr^merit,. 'small as';it .Was, and 'to one of. these.. Brady weht..' His appearance created no surprise,; and, he. entevjed the placets' though he: were an .ordinkry customer. ' There - were several - men about'; the® .place, and the experienced eyes' of th£ .outlaw at , once formed, an opinion as. to'.wfip.ahd .what they wer6. At, that . time. there, were a peculiar class in Van Dieman'5 Land who were : half-pirate and half bushranger. They ?were tolerated by the government, jfot at times they werfe very Useful !.to the authorities but , it . was Sjriiply winking at crihie'tb act as the authorities'., did; ,Thege individuals .were, called.; straits; :men,- and; as a rule, :each hajf-dozen— or sometimes.-' less— possessed a ? boat. -When; a wreck ocicurred thfey \vent .out arid'seized' all this bopiy thfey could lay their^ hands on, arid if that.sprt of busi ? riess was dull they nbt unfrequeritly levied 'a sort of blackmail oti the. coast; ing craft of the 'north. . -:y .-?- There were a couple of -these fellows in the tap- room which Brady entered, and he soon made their, acquaintance. He had money, epough to, make him self'agreeable, arid, he spept.it /in good effect. ? Gradually he wormed out pi them, without exciting undue suspicion, a considerable amount of information. It was seldom known that a ' straits man' betrayed; the escaped convicts. They invariably, sided with them when they had to take sides, and) on this oc ca'slori Brady riiade such progress into the good graces of his new-found friends that he determined . on the bold and risky step of- confiding . in them. He was an extraordinarily keen reader of character, and he was' not mistaken iri his judgment of the two men whom he had thus fallen .in. with. He'was not aware at the time , that the reward for his capture, dead or alive, had been iri-' creased to £200 or he might not have had the courage to tell the men; who he was; 'It was a risky thing, indeed, to do; but he resolved to-stake his all on it; arid; taking his coiripanioris into an btji'er room,' he jsoQn revealed his iden tity. He had judged- his men rightly, for the fellows so far from evincing a defiire to betray him at once entered irito.^ his scheme. They' were quite read j^to join in the proposal that Brady made and could get three others of their sort tb assist. - * ' . The whole of theiri were good sea men,- and with the help of ; Brady and his three companions ? they would,, be able to take a- ship round the world if necessary. 'They were sick of the life they were leading, for 'Governor Arthur .was begiririirig to put the screw on them and the good old times were passing away. Brady was of opinion that, a, dozen men would be required to navi gate a ? vessel -such as they would be able to'seize successfully ; but his com panions told him: that some .of the crew of the vessel would be sure to' throw in their, lot -;wi(h . theni, - and. the chief trouble they would experience would be in the direction of keeping ;down the riumber- that/would: wish to gp with therii. ? : ? : ? : ' Y':,l; Brady felt thai in taking the. men into his secret he had been wise,, for they sppn revealed information to' him which .was of the greatest importance. There wash whaling vessel of about .300 tons burthen then lying at Launceston, arid she was; expected down the river at any mpment. ^ She would remain a day or two at George Town, and the straits men were acquainted 'with: the crew. The latter. were a queer lot and ripe for any.'miscRief, so. that they; would fall In ,with the piratical proposal which would be: made to them.. The only .difficulty, in: the way. .was that,, of Brady's, 'com- panions' who -had-been left at Reddish's farm. ; As it- would; be necessary 'to 'set sail as'soon'iis the ship was seized,' they, must bfe left' behind, unless something! was; done to obviate /such a necessity. , Brady, was faithful to -his followers, and, :as he;would'not desert them, the st.raits m.eri agreed' -to', find- a secure ' hidp trig-place if Brady- would 'bring them close to the station. They'would meet him at a place less than a mile frotri the-'; barracks' -and- during -'the- night would'- smuggle tK6; outlaws' 'dn -to' |h[c small boat they kept bri the' river; ', It ' ^yoiiltf.^''necessaiy;.t^it^ti^ the_plari ('at once. Brady was of the same rnirid as the two smugglers, and. he. decided ^o, go back to;his comrades at daylight, the flowing morning, - He' could then get 'back' about dark; He- did not' doubt : -the faith of the straits'meh' iri;the: least,; nor were1 they, likely'tp! ;'pro've' treacher| pus. '' In : the/riiorning ;he ..left George Town! as .quietly -as - he : , tad- , entered, it. ..With characteristic caution-he was care;, ful in approaching the dead settler's, house to guard against surprise.1 1 ? He faricied ' that he saw a thin ;wreith bf; smolte rising from - the chimney as he rieared. the plaice, arid that would indi cate the presence of his companions. He hesitated for a, time .before going to the hut, and then he approached it stealthily -from the back. When he had \- go, ne a : few .yards on the , clearing he tijrried back, again for an omen, scented to tell him of coming disaster. He had arranged a signal, with his late com rades to discharge a musket and this he 1 : decided to do. F8r a few minutes no thing. in. the way of an answer, was given until another shot was ..fired from , the hut. -This was the signal agreed on, and yet, something misgave him that everything- 'was ? not- right. To . -ihaicev . sure he decided to make a trial :that would be very risky in itself, yet not so liable;to end in capture as if he walked to. the ;. house.;;; Strolling .out into the clearing, he sat down on a log about 80 yards from theihouse and kept a close watch on the place. For., nearly half ari-hour he thus satj and he was now conviriced that something !was wrong in the hut. He would'still further test the. point by another ruse,, and he then made a show as if to retreat, He. had not gone many, yards back- towards the bush when three shots were fired from 'the hut at him and several men ran out of it after him. He had unmasked the eneriiy.in a very unpleasant way, but he . trusted to his fleetness of foot and. en durance to get away. He had just . reached the edge of : the cover , when a fourth shot was fired,, and the ball passed through his right thigh. It did ! nottouch the bone, but inflicted a very painful wound and affected one of the sinews, as he soon found. : He' could not run nearly so fast as previously, and he saw at once that he would have to triake a fight of it. His pursuers, were gaining ground; and, tumirig round, he fired at the foremost soldier. The shot was res'ultless, and, throwing away the musket, Brady continued his flight. His iwound was now- beginning to telKon him. He was fast losing his natural courage, which ? seemed to leave him ? with the oozing blood. He still had . twp pistols, and, turning for the second. jtirti?;.;he , fired at the' approaching foes,' 'and then as if !a riervoiis fea'rhad.seized him^be.stopd .stock still arid. waited' for. ;? ihis pursuers to come up. As they sur rounded him he threw down .his pistols 'arid/was quickly secured. The famous leader of the Brady gang was thus cap tured almost without a struggle. ;? . In due time the trial of the outlaws i came 'off, and, of course they were all sentenced; to death. . The part which - the two convicts took in the murder of the Reddishs' was also cleared up; but , the authorities,. in view of the way they [ had been instrumental in efiecting the , capture ;of the gang, did *not execute but sent them to Norfolk Islands D 40 (the end.) \' ' . ? . ' 