THE STORYTELLER. AN ACTOR'S HORSE. THE COLONEL'S STORY. I had a fine company on the road at the time, and the play which gained us the best houses through the pro- vinces was a serio-comic piece with a number of blood-curdling situations. The horse which the play required in certain scenes, and which we had taken with us, suddenly died, and I have forgotten just why, but I know we had a great deal of difficulty in getting another anima which would be even in the least suitable. Finally, after no end of vexation and delay, a substitute was procured by our leading man, who himself rode the horse on the stage. I think I never saw a more ugly looking quadruped. In color it was some grimy nonde- script between a cream and a roan. Naturally rather undersized, it had been starved until it was scarcely more than a skeleton, and in spots the bare, scarred flesh showed the welts from an unsparing whip. With its gaunt head, its prominent joints and dejected aspect, it looked more like the caricature of a horse than like a living animal. "By the great Bucephalus! Where in the name of Rosinante did you get that walking spectre Launce?" I exclaimed The young actor's name was Launce Richmond. He was a handsome fellow, with a sinewy; and symmetrical frame, a statuesque head, tawny hair, and blue eyes, and a skin as delicately pink and white as a woman's; and, besides his physical .attractions, he was as fine a fellow as ever walked—on the stage\ or off it. My amusement seemed to mortify him; but he was not the sort of young man to yield a point because of a mo- ment's embarrassment, or because somebody was pleased to laugh at him. "All the horse needs is plenty of food and good grooming, and a little kindness," my young friend answered me. "He's as sound as a dollar; the shape of his head indicates intelli- gence, and those quick eyes show that hard usage hasn't crushed his spirit altogether." "Well, if you can train him for the required purpose I shan't grumble; but I don't imagine you will ever make a beauty of your prize scare- crow." Launce had .correctly judged his new possession. In a month no one would have recognised the beast. His glossy coat in color was a love- ly dappled cream, faintly patched with mahogany bay. His limbs were smooth and supple. His intelligence was wonderful; he was perfectly docile, and as playful as a kitten. With the gentleness and teachable qualities he manifested toward his new master an affection almost human. About the time the animal was fully trained and everything was run- ning smoothly, one of our ladies secretly "folded up her tent and stole away," leaving us without notice or explana- tion. She was one of the principal characters in the piece, the rival of the heroine of the play; we had no one capable of acting her part, and we were in a bad predicament, as may be supposed. We had not discovered her absence until we had assembled at the theatre for the evening performance. And then somebody brought me a laconic message from her, stating that she had gone for good and all. While I was storming over the ill- luck, and anathematising the run- away actress for her want of ordinary consideration, a tall woman, closely veiled, was ushered upon the stage where I was raging up and down like a madman. "Well, madam?" I said shortly. Before she spoke the new comer darted a quick, furtive glance in every direction, and then removed her veil. The features disclosed were large and a trifle coarse, but not altogether, unprepossessing. Her eyes were a steely blue, and her hair, which was very much crimped and frizzed, was a dark reddish brown. There was something singular about her voice. I noticed it at once, although I was too disturbed to pon- der over the matter, and it failed to arouse my suspjcions as it probably would have done at another time. She stated her errand in a few words. She was an actress, she assured me, and a member of a company which had disbanded in a neighbouring town. She had been informed of my difficulty, and she had come to offer herself for the part. As she had played in the same drama before, she was perfectly familiar with the lines. To prove the latter assertion, she struck an attitude and quoted from a thrilling dialogue in the third act. A crowd was already collecting out- side the threatre waiting for the doors to open, and it can be imagined with what relief I accepted the services of the strange actress. I had stepped to the back of the stage with her, and had called somebody to conduct her to her predecessor's dressing room, when I heard a gasp and the sound of a falling body. At the same instant I caught a smile upon the strange woman's face which almost made me jump. It was the most startling expression of diabolical cunning and fiendish triumph I ever saw in my life. As she disappeared in the direction of the dressing room I returned to the stage anxious to learn the mean- ing of the sound I had heard. Brenda Evelyn, my star, a most beautiful and adorable girl was lying all in a heap just outside the wings. I was on the point of going over to her when Launce Richmond suddenly sprang from the wings and lifted her in his arms. "My darling, what is it? What has happened to you?" he cried in great distress. She was recovering from her faint, but she was trembling violently. At his tender questions she began to cry piteously. The two had long been lovers. For some unknown reason, Brenda had continually hesitated about settling the wedding day; but she had done so at last, and now they were to be married in a few months. "Oh, Launce, I'm afraid! Oh, Launce, we never ought to have loved each other. If anything harms you now I shall die!" she sobbed dis- tractedly. "What has frightened you, sweet? You were happy as a bird a moment ago," he asked her. She did not reply. She only clung to him, shuddering, murmuring in- coherently, and weeping more piteous- ly than before. "It wasn't that woman who was here with Meredith just now who has made you like this? Launce queried suddenly. The girl put her hands before her eyes, as if to shut out some awful sight. "That was no woman! It was a ghost! and it means death to you or me to-night," she said, in a fearful whisper. The appearance of a couple of scene shifters interrupted the unsatisfactory conference. And still soothing her, Launce led her away. The incident had perplexed me greatly, and I was seriously uneasy. I was impressed, vaguely and yet powerfully, with a sense of tragedy in the air. I could not get the fiendish smile of that strange woman out of my thoughts for an instant. What did it signify? What had she ever been to Brenda Evelyn, that the lovely young actress should fear her so intensely? These questions fairly haunted me. But the play of the evening pro- gressed quietly enough. I noticed, however, that Brenda Evelyn did not regain her natural re- pose of manner, and that she was straining every nerve to maintain even a semblance of composure. I noticed too, that Launce never ceased watching her with a perplexity and distress which he did not attempt to conceal. Meanwhile the new actress ren- dered her part with admirable ability and effect. Indeed, she invested the character, which was that of an un- loved and erring wife, with a passion which was almost fiercely realistic. And occasionally I detected her steely blue eyes fixed upon the lovers, with that same expression of sneering triumph and devilish glee. But everything passed pleasantly un- til nearly the end of the play. In that act the lover discovers his sweetheart bound to a rock, with the rising tide sweeping over her. As he gallops to her assistance he is con- fronted by the wife he believes dead. The wife risks her life to prevent the rescue of the drowning girl, and perishes by being borne over the near cataract. It was a scene which always held the house in a thrilled and breathless hush. Now, as Launce, mounted on Sul- tan—as he called his new horse—was about to plunge into the mimic wave, a startled murmur ran from lip to lip. The substitute actress had darted into view, leaping upon a projecting rock to prevent the rescue, as the play demanded at that juncture. It is doubtful if any person in the house saw what I saw. If they did, they very likely thought the peculiar movement was part of the ylay. It was Sultan's extraordinary be- haviour which had startled the audience. As I looked, I saw in one uplifted hand a long, thin blade, aimed straight for Launce's heart, the handle concealed in the woman's sleeve. Shouting a warning, I started toward him; and it was then the shocked cry arose from the house. Sultan backed violently, throwing the actress from the rock, and fas- tening his teeth in her thick reddish brown hair. The next instant he held in his jaws a wig, the removal of which un- covered the unmistakable head of a man! With a snort of anger he dropped the artistic head gear, seizing the dis- guised performer by the clothing be- tween the shoulders, shaking the man as a terrier shakes a rat, while the concealed knife fell ringing to the floor. Launce had no control whatever over the hitherto obedient animal. As he sprang from the saddle, Sul- tan, shrewdly edgted away beyond his reach. Then in a flash, the horse whirld and walked deliberately over to Brenda Evelyn, who stood as if turned to stone. With a snort of satisfaction and a final energetic shake, he dropped his half senseless victim at the girl's feet. Then he turned and trotted across the stage to his master, whinnying softly, and thrusting his nose into Launce's hands, as if begging for his reward. It was all over in a second before any person could interfere. The sympathies of the house were all with the performer, who had been so fiercely attacked by the horse. Not one of the spectators beyond the footlights guessed that the intel- ligent creature had averted an awful tragedy and saved Launce Richmond's life. But the people on the stage knew it, and when the curtain was neces- sarily rung down for a few minutes there was a scene behind the canvas in which the public had no share. The disguised villain was pretty badly hurt, but his injuries were not severe enough to weaken his murder- ous jealousy of Brenda Evelyn's lover. "I'm sorry I didn't kill you! I'd have done it only for that cursed brute, and I'll do it yet if ever I get over this," he snarled, as Launce ap- proached him. He was a suitor whom Brenda had rejected long before. He had threatened her until she lived in mor- tal terror of him. It was her fear of him that had caused her to delay her marriage with Launce so long. She had recognised him through his disguise before the performance when he first presented himself to me. It was her deadly terror of him which had caused her swoon and her agitation afterwards. She had kept her eyes upon him with such untiring vigilance that he had no opportunity to attempt his mad deed until the close of the play. Her admiration for Sultan was un- bounded. "You are a prize, you dear old Sultan; and we will keep you as long as you live," she exclaimed, with her arms around the neck of the equine hero. She and Launce were married not long after that. The mad wretch who had attempted Launce's life did not survive until that blissful event. He was drowned shortly after his release from the hospital, whither he was sent to recover from the effects of Sultan's vigorous shaking. Sultan remained the pet of the company until his mistress left the stage for a happy home life in a de- lightful little house of her own. I see him occasionally trotting sedately before a pony cart, which is just large enough to hold a couple of youngsters with Brenda's lovely black eyes and Launce's tawny curls. 