A YEAR PASSES. ANOTHER COMES. VALEDICTION AND WELCOME. OUT FOR THE NIGHT. "Nothing like It used to be'! was what some of the old stagers In the police force said at an early- hour this morn ing In answer to .the .observation that It was "pretty lively." For all that, however, the city was very much alive. As the Old/Year yielded up the ghost and New V>ar was ushered In cannons' flred, the bells of St. Paul's and' St. Patrlck'sv chimed, steamers blew their whistles, and various other sounds could be heard. It was made evident that a large minority of people hod determined not to go home until morning, and bands, principally com posed of young men, were to be en countered r.t all hours, In all parts, per-' ambulating the city, emitting sounds „o do duty as as jv'gaids me pruVisi\iii a«iiiaPr tak ing after hours, the police had, for once, decided to "wink the other eye," for hotels, especially some In the suburbs, received a much larger share of attention than would have been the case had the bar doors been shut at midnight. The fun, If senseless, was good humored, and those who were kept out of bed late by circumstances over which they had no control, had little or no cause to complain of the conduct of the wandering ones. For some considerable time post a deadly "feud" has existed between the respective "pushes" of South and Port Melbourne, Lost night It was expected that both would meet, and a pitched battle would be fought. The place of rendezvous was the railway pier. Port Melbourne. Some days ago the rumor of the battle reached the authorities, and fearing that damage would be done to the pier fittings, etc., extra police protection was requisitioned for. Some sixteen or eighteen men In plain clothes accordingly patrolled the pier, In ex pectation of something turning up, but the lost hour of the old year and the first of tho new passed without any thing serious happening, the pier, save for those belonging tu the vesseb berthed there, being deserted. Two bells were tolled, and tho few strag glers that remained silently wended their way homewards. '£kteR THiUfew r frit the. 