Along Cape York Peninsula. FAIRLIGHT AND COOLBURRA. By "Basalt." Twenty miles on from Fairview, along the Palmerville-road, is Fairlight station a point of considerable interest for many reasons. Fairlight station, of which a view is given, is just now of no value whatever as a station. Taken over by "the bank," it has gradually lost ground, until in 1895, what with ticks, drought, and the natural inferior- ity of the country, the place lost so heavily that in the following year all stock remaining were sold to Gamboola station, and the place was practically abandoned. Apart from pastoral inte- rests, the Fairlight district possesses coal seams of mammoth dimensions, but not of good quality. The mine was thoroughly inspected a few years back, under the supervision of that indefatig- able and plucky speculator, Mr, H. Fitz- gerald, backed up by several citizens of Cooktown. But even such consistent pluck has its ardour damped by fruit- less results, and in the course of seve- ral trials the wealth, if there, was left dormant, and the party shifted their plant to a more promising part of the Cooktown district. This part of the colony has many picturesque and beau- tiful spots. As one supremely pretty and grand I commend a waterfall on the Rockcy River (Palmerville-road), an illustration of which is here shown. Starting on a journey is all very well if you have a handy buggy, yacht, or steam-launch, but starting on an over- land tour, with half-a-dozen packhorses to fix up, and a "bromby" or two to catch, you have what is termed a " treat." However, the task is gene- rally accomplished in the end, and so it was with out departure from Fair- view. Mounting our steeds we soon set sail, with a strict injunction never for a day and a half to leave the telegraph line. With faces set in a due northerly direction our course lay over some very nice open box- tree ridges, until after six miles' brisk walk we fell upon the valley of the Kennedy River, bor- dered her, and there with beautiful pear-tree flats. Crossing the river we stopped by the wayside to hold a cau- cus meeting and discuss the point whether we should go on till sundown or settle dawn for the night here in this tolerably decent camp. After looking at the matter from all directions we agreed to remain here, so, hobbling the horses out, firstly of course removing the packs and gear, each man set too and slung his hammock from tree to tree. Being a lovely moonlight night we omitted pitching tents, but simply adjusted our mosquito nets. The latter are positively indispensable on this line, the mosquitoes having even at the present time a reputation for viciousness. It was somewhere here, during the erec- tion of the telegraph line, so legend has it, that two new chums asserted that they were carried bodily out of their tents, and would never have been able to regain their bunks in the darkness had it not been for the lanterns some of the larger mosquitoes carried. Judging by the fellow drinking out of my quart pot at this very moment the above feat is possible, but, in all good faith, highly improbable. After a generous supper, consisting of johnny cakes and billy tea, with a few odd luxuries, we all "turned in," carrying on an animated but han- dicapped conversation "across country." Discussion runs freely at such times and under such circumstanced. Poli- tics, statistics, and the all-devouring tick received attention in turn. But the point that commanded most interest was the question "Where shall we camp to-morrow night, and how far is it? This being settled with all due re- gard to the capabilities of our horses, we one by one dozed away into the land of dreams. A night In the bush has many aspects, An old back-blocker sleeps the sleep of the just, disturbed by nothing. But if the traveller is new to the bush the night is a period of uneasiness and fer- vent wishing for daylight. The melo- dious howl of the dingo sharpens his nervous tension to such a point that in his selfishness he quickly steps to a companion's hammock, digs him in the ribs, and nonchalantly asks him if it is time to rouse the horse-hunters up. Whereupon he usually gets his deserts, but it allays the feeling of fear and per- haps allows tlhe restless one to doze again, but only to prove how unreal the pretended calmness was. For even at the soft cream of the coy curlew he awakens, hair on an end. Tossing in a fever of excitement the whole night through, he sees the moon to bed and watches the beautiful morning star arise, and perhaps immediately before dawn, from sheer exhaustion, he falls asleep. But that is only vanity and vexation of spirit, because his mates are up and about at the dawn, boiling billy and heartily abusing him for being such a sleepy head. Once in my youth- ful days I entreated to be allowed to go and camp with a mob of overland cattle that were some ten miles away, just arriving on the run. We camped in due course close to a large range. Billies were boiled, dampers were spread on the saddle-cloth, beef pitched out on to an extra sbttrt, and every one was ln>viited to " tuck in." I " tucked In" with a vengeance, but suddenly I dropped all interest in the meal and gaied intently and constantly along the top of the range. Without a doubt I could see clearly several fires — wild blacks fires. I would not state my fears, and my companions, not knowing what frightened me so, tried to reassure me. Suddenly Billy, a native stockman, dropped to what was causing me so much trouble, and I was given to under- stand that my blacks fires were in reality only sinking stars, glimmering and glittering on the brow of the hill as they passed into another hemisphere. I have got over that stage long since, and having passed through the experi- ence I can always sympathise with the uninitiated, because the bush often dis- plays unfamiliar and ghost-like objects to the man who calls his town park the bush and a near suburb the wilderness. "Buckling in," to use a bush phrase, to our rough and ready breakfast, we allowed little delay before we were once more on the march. Heavy rain having lately fallen, our track was a stream instead of a pad, and was bounded on either side by treacherous, soupy bog. This country is covered chiefly with honeysuckle tea-tree. After several an- noying halts, caused through some un- reasoning packhorse straying off the pad, or rather the stream, and thereby bogging himself and making it neces- sary to remove the pack before he could extricate himself, we arrived at Cool- burra Greek, or the North Kennedy, on the opposite bank of which, somewhat higher up, is Mr. James Staines Col- lings's Coolburra station. Situated on a more or less open piece of country, embellished here and there with a few struggling pear trees; and facing Coolburra Creek, the Coolburra homestead commands as good a site as its surroundings will allow. The im- provements consists [sic] chiefly of two dwell- ing-houses, a paddock, and a useful but not elaborate stockyard. The dwell- ing-houses are both symbols of their time. The one composed of bark is un- inhabited. It is known as the " haunted chamber," but occasionally the owner will offer its commodious apartments free, gratis, and for nothing to the wear- ied traveller. It was in this humpy, in the year 1890, that the pioneer owner, Mr. Harry Jones, on one eventful even ing, admonished a blackboy of 10 years in the following sentence, or words to that effect :—"You bring 'em horse early fellow ; s'posin no more ctoochey-ctoo- chey sing out (daylight) catchem, I'll shoot you." Well, this little nigger, Harry by name, was bred and born at Mr. Jones's, and therefore probably un- derstood that his bite was as good as his bark, and thought that, for once in his short life, it were better to have the first shot. Obeying the impulse of his thoughts, he had no sooner conceived the idea than he set to work to carry it out. His victim was tranquilly asleep ; the Snider hung on the wall, the ammu- nition close by. With the stealthiness that comes as second nature to these children of darkness, Harry procured the Snider, loaded it, and laid it point blank at the sleeper's head. With a gentle touch on the trigger he sent a soul into eternity and a family into beggary. The house still shows the hole where the bullet passed through the wall of the hut. Harry, the murderer, was cap- tured, boasted of his crime before the Judge, regretted his inability to shoot another white man in the hut, and laughed to scorn the whole proceedings. However, in consideration of his tender years, he was allotted a good time in New Guinea for a couple of years, and then entered the Queensland Native Police Force, and is now stationed at the Kirtleton Native Police Station near Cardwell. Mr. Collings, the present owner of Coolburra, procured the sta- tion after Mr. Jones's pioneering la- bours had smoothed matters a little. Being a married man, he quickly erected better accommodation, and it is since his tenure that the present dwelling house has risen. The station comprises very little good country, but has a wide area of grass tree and more or less sour desert coun- try. With water it is well supplied, having creeks and lagoons here, there, and everywhere. The cattle, which are of heterogeneous origin, are thriving well, and the owner states that they have withstood the tick pest so far with out any perceptible injury. Apart from cattle, Coolburra possesses some very fair samples of horses for this locality, and at times commands ready markets for them. Mr. James Staines Collings, better known under the euphonious title of "Terrible Jimmy," is worth a few lines to himself. Though born about three generations ago, he is still as hard as flint and as energetic as ever. He has been engaged for years in pastoral pursuits, and has a high reputation for both horse and cattle management. His horsemanship, a friend Informed me, is superb, nothing being outside the influ ence of his skilful methods. For many years Mr. Collings owned the large sta tion of Collingvale, within the Bowen district, and it is about that locality that he is best known, and it was thereabouts where he earned, somewhat unjustly, it is said, the nickname of "Terrible Jimmy." He has often thought serious ly of entering Parliament, but quenched his ambition in favour of Mr. "Jack" Hamilton. (To be continued.) \---------------------*----------------------- A well-known oculist says that opera glasses which may be hired in most theatres frequently become the medium for spreading very serious eye diseases. An orange-coloured «hlrt has been strongly recommended for tropical wear by a Royal Engineer in India, who de clares that he fell frequently ill after duty in the sun until he treated himself as a photographic sensitive plate and surrounded his body with yellow light. For an able British seaman to become first a petty officer and afterwards a warrant officer is not unusual. There has not, however, been an instance for •the last fifty years or more of a petty or warrant officer being advanced to the commissioned ranks in that navy. To lessen, if not to abolish altogether, the noiee of a train when crossing a bridge, a German engineer has devised a scheme which has proved surprisingly success ful. He puts a decking of planks be tween the cross girders, and on the planks a double layer of felt is placed. In this way any noise Is prevented. Fauuqht Oaxtim Btatiov, mua Pamimviliiß. 