ohapteb XXVI. I found my mistress— it was nearly nine o'olook in the evening — in tho parlor playing her thoughts to borself. Tho room had no light except that of tho street lamp, whioh showed her in her light grey dress something like a ghost-. She turned ber bead as I opened the door. In the lamplight I saw her sweet, soriotis faca and her limpid eyes. I was dragged by ropes to fall at her fsot. But I refrained. There was something to be said first. "Georgo," she said, "you nre worried about something. What has happened?" There must be something in my eyes— yet tho room was so dark. Perhaps she eould feel in some magnotio way — tho way of love — the presence of emotion, This kind of thought reading is a branoh of the soience whioh has been too much noglcoted. It is, unfortunately, incapable oi being put upon any stage, or even illustrated iu any drawingroom. Whioh is,- of courso, the reason of this neglect. -" Isabel," I said, "you are a witch. Ceme into tho study, and I will tail you why I am moved." The study was also in twilight, the light of the same lamp in tho street . falling on the polished wainscot and reflcoted about the room. My hand touehed Isabel's, and again that temp tation fell upon mo to take the girl in my arms and to kiss her and never to be weary of that kissing. " You promised, Geotge," sho said, reading my mind a Beoond time. " Not yet — not yet." "I promised, Isabel, only until there was no longer need to kcop that promise." "Thero is still the need, and greater need than ever. Quiet yourself, George — I oan hear your heart beating. Tell me, or lot me go." I lit tho candles. " I am quiet, Isabel." " Now tell me what has hapoenod." " That need, Iaabol, exists no longer." "Exists no longer? Is Robort dead?" " No, ho is living still ;-but that need oxists no longer." " What has happened, then?" " Sit .down, Isabel. Take a pea and papor. So now, writo at my diatation. It is tho only not of obcdicnas that I shall ovor ask of you. All the future I shall be your slave; This even ing alone I ask you to obey me." Sbe hesitated. Thon sho sat down. "Write, 'Mydoar Robort.'" " I am to write to Robort?" " You shall hear if you will bo obedient for this one and only oooasion. 'My dear Robert ' — have you got that ?" " It looks very odd on paper. This is the first letter I havo ever writton to him." "Write, 'I learn that you yourself are anxious that our engagement should bs broken off.' Have you got that ?" "But, Goorge, anxious? Robert anxious? What docs this mean ?" "Finish the lotter. 'To me it has alwayB been a mennitigleFs engagement, and really im possible. Whon you made that promise to mo I was only a eohool girl, and I was frightoned. My only comfort was in thinking that it was to be a long engagement. I release you from your promise very willingly. Y:ou made a mistako, and you have been too proud to acknowledge it, though I have never ceased from tho beginning' to understand that it wss a mistake. — Yours.' What will yon bo— yours sincerely? That will do. 'Isabel.' Havo you written it?" "Yes, I have written it. But I do not under stand it. Does he really and truly, desire his releaso? Why?" " Ho does, really and truly. Butjie will never nsk-you himself. The reldass must oomo from you." " You havo not told mo why. Is Robert going to bo engaged to some oho also ? " "Perhaps. You aro not jealous. But of course not. How oould you be jealous? I think it is vory likely that he will bo ongagod before long." "No,"-she smiled.. "I have no right to ho jealous. He never loved mo. I novor csrcd enough about him to bo jealous. His engage ment was just a part of his kindness. It gave liim the right to maintain ub without the appearance of almsgiving. No, George, I am not jealous." " At present he oould not afford to marry, unless it was some woman with money. He understands, however, th t he hoB no right to bind you any longer to a loveless engagomont He says ho has had no time to make love. If he marrios it should be to some woman of political influence, and with political friends, who would advanco bim." " Ho nover thinks of anything at all but his own advancement. I wonder it ho bos a heart somewhere hiddon away." " He hSB plenty of heart, Isabel, if you oaa get at it. The misfortuno in your ease was tbat whila ho was here the business of his own advancement did occupy all his soul and all his strength and all his mind and ail his heart. Tho ground is olesred now, and he has begun his march. Tho roit is easy, and now ia the timo for ths flowers of passion to show them selves and to expand. We look to see strange things before long." With such shallow hum bug did I attempt to veil tho truth. But in vain. Women's minds arc swift and far shoot- ing. "Thero mnst We anothor woman," sho said, .. thoughtfully, and not in the lsast jealously. "Otherwiso he would not have considered the question of his engagement at all. Why should ho ? I am hidden away down hsro ; he was not going to marry mo for years — any number of years. Ho never writes to me; he takes no notice of mo ; his engagement did not maks tho least difference to him. Yet he suddenly oxprcsscs his wish to bo released. Well, George he sball be released. About tbat other woman you will tell me what you please." Therefore, I told her all. ' — 0 " Robert in love !" sho laughed gently. " 1 cannot understand it. Will ha tell her. as ha told mo, that there is to bo no foolishness ot fondling ?" Sho heaved a deep sigh. " I have worked for bim," sho said, " for five long years — you will never understand how long thoss years have been. He is a hard master ; ho expeots ths best work always : no ono must be tired or siek or weak wbo works for him." , " A bard master indeod." " And never a word of praise or approbatioa. Oh, Georgo, I havo longed for a word of kind ness. It was dreadful to be engaged to a man wbo wsb only a master all the time. Nevsr a word of kindness would ho give me." "He was absorbed, Isabel ; he thought o! nothing but tho work — never anything of tho people who helped in tho work." "What was tho work? What did ho intend? He nover told me. I was like a man .blindfolded dragging a heavy eart along a road that led whither he knew not. Well, ho wants his re lease ; he shall have it," sbe repeated. " Siooo he wanta that, Isabel, forgive him all tho rest. " " I havo forgiven him, George. I have for- givon him sinoe you came — aad — and — and since my heart was aoftoncd." Ths tears rose to hex eyes. "Isabel!" r (j" " Aro you sure, Georgo, that ha desirts his release?" ' " "Quitesurc. Robort knows that I have. Como this evening with the intention of askingjj|rj)u for it." . " Thon I will writo hira a longer lottertbau this." Sho tore up the little noto that -I .had dictated, and wrote another and a miioh longer letter. "I shall not suffer' my loVeiess lovor, my patient bridegroom, to depart ' without a little explanation. I am glad— oh! so glad to bo roleased. But, still, no ono : likes to be told to go without a little understanding of things." It was corkainly a muoh flnor letter than' mine. But thop, you see, "I was. thinking of nothing but tho rolcose, arid Isabel wss thinking, of what the man had done for her. "Dear Robert," she wrote, " George tells mo that tbo time hSB como when you desire the termination of our engngemoht entered upon by you out of pity. You wantod an oxouso for maintaining two penniless peopls — ono of thom helpless, and the scoond too young andtooignor. . ant to bo of muoh uso. I understand, now, oxaotly why you foracd this engagement upon yourself without any thought of lovo. That was fivo years ago. .1, was then 17, and am now 22. During thifi, long time I havo looked in vain for abjrjHyprd of' interest, any look of affootion frrinryou . It has been quite plain to mo, all along, -that you had no kind of love for me. I bauld'not toll you this ; partly beoauso we owo you so muoh that we must always do what you desire; partly beoause it is bard fora'woman to say such things, and partly because I was afraid. That you should release me, therefore, is a great relief to mo. It must bo unbappiness enough' for a woman to marry a man whom she doos not love ; it must bo far worse if that man does not even pretend to love hor. " You are quito free, Robert. You have lifted- a great weight from my heart. You will be far happier yourself, without the fetters of an engagement . wbioh had proved impossible. You muat marry n woman who will help you in your ambitions. This I oould nevsr do, and when you become a great and famous men you will be pleased to remomber that you released one who would feol no pride in your success, and could take no part in your ambition. Aud. so I am always, and juBt as muoh as ovor your grateful and obedient servant, eie'rk and house keeper, but never your bride, . ' ".,18 abel." I look the letter and placed It In anjenrolope. ' It was done; Robert had got his reieaso, and Isabel was free. . " Oh ! my lovo ! " I oriad, and held 'out- my arms. "Oh! No — George," aha ehrank back. " Not eo eoon. Oh ! I am like a newly made widow : but I am full of joy. Is it right ? Oh j i 1 George— so soon ! " - jjj'-' " Isabel ! At last I At last ! " (To be Concluded, Next Week.) 