Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — Princess Louise, in celebration of her silver wed ding, was presented by a Scotch regiment with a silver model of a Highland soldier. The Princess of Wales is to receive from Kirkwall a chair constructed from oak which for 350 years had formed a portion of the roof of St. Magnus's Cathedral. The Kaiser is building a gigantic cathedral in Berlin, the dome of which is to eclipse that of St. Peter's at Rome. . _ Over 700 cats were on view at the Crystal Palace Cat Show, embracing all varieties and colours, in uuuxug tuai/ vciiy xcurc ucuiiuio llu buiiviuwautiu mm. The price Eet upon one cat was £500. The Prince of Wales has renewed the lease for Keavington Oval. There was a fear that this space, so valuable for building, might be lost to the cricket world. The daily water supply of London for August ex ceeded 19G,580,028gals. Autc-=ais will be much en evidence in London when the Act comes into force. The latest novelty is a horseless hearse. A syndicate is being formed to supply hot water in the streets of London on tlie peimy-m-tbe- Blot principle. The heat will be supplied by the street lamps, and a penny will secure a gallon of boiling water. Denmark promises to provide us with milk frozen into bricks, a syndicate having been formed in Copenhagen for the regular supply of milk ice. A ghost is supposed to haunt the village of Booking, in Essex. Several females when walking alone in the darkness are said to have been terribly alarmed to find a male ghost gliding noiselessly alongside them. The most ccmmon name of babies in England and Scotland is Smith. The English Smiths aie 1 in 72 oflhe ilifant population ; the Scotch baby Smith is 1 y In 70, but he has a rival in M'Donald, who claims about the same proportion. In Ireland, the Murphy baby is 1 in To. A cycling paper says the wheel has led to a decrease in the number of.spinsters. A London magistrate, replying to a wife's com plaint, said a husband could stay in bed for three monthB and refuse to see a doctor if he chose. A magistrate told an ill-used husband that he could not have a separation, though one could be granted to the wife of a cruel husband. A London cabman was fined for refusing to drive a lady unless his right fare was* exceeded. A coal porter, fined for disorderly conduct, con tended that bad language was second nature to men of his class. A man was fined for poaching at Castle Eden, and under an old Act he was further fined for commit ting the offence on a Sunday: Female infanticide is said to be earned on with impunity in some parts of India, ihe birth, of a girl being still regarded as a misfortune. About 250 female infants die to 100 males. An American professor professes to have dis covered, from experiments made with animals, that aged people could bs rejuvenated by splicing them, like the Siamese Twins, to young and vigorous persons. The German Astronomer Royal, in his official capacity, announces that the world will not come to an end before the present century is out. A young Austrian officer became engaged to a young lady with a dowry of 1,000,000 florins. To settle with - Ms creditors and make the marriage possiblehe insured his life for 300,000 florins and raised the needful money on the policy. : The en gagement was, however, broken off, whereupon the officer committed suicide ana the ' companies refuse to pay thS Jiolders of the policy On the ground that the deceased contemplated suicide when he insured his life. An aerolite fell in Belgium, injuring a man who ., was working in the fields. It weighed 301b. , one side being smooth and covered with what resemble hieroglyphics out by means of an instrument. Some try to think it may be a message from Mars. — — — ? ^ ? What part of a locomotive train ought to have the most careful attention P— The tender part. Among the gifts of^be Prince pf Naples to his bride is a ring formed of four circlets, each with a stone of a different colour-^a brilliant, a sapphire, a ruby', and an emerald. These four colours contain the national colours of Italy and Montenegro' those of Italy being white, red, and green ; those of Montenegro white, red, and blue. It is said that the Queen haa ordered at a factory in Milan a splen did breyele for Princess Helen, wljois a famous rider o® the wheel,'' ~ ' ' '' ' 