THE POISONER. ,1Vo cannot bo more Uian 800 miles from Rto do Janeiro. But it is four months and a day : slnao we loft thoro. - The second week out wo struok somo wreokago and stripped the blades' off our propellor, besides fraoturing tho shaft. I do not helievo we moved two miles in any. direction after that. . Bnt worse was to come. Ono day what wo imagined was yellow fovor broko ont amongst us. First," Fort and, tbo chief engineer, dlod. Then ono nftor tho other the officers suooumbed. Onr dootor, a guest of. tho Marquis do la Forcstier and myself, had boon loft, with four other membors of our party,: in Rio. They wore to rojolnus at Fornambuco, for whioh port wo wore bound when wo lost our aorew and struck this windless belt and were boarded by Death. Oho' morning, at breakfast, - the marquis himself was taken ill! At noon, my friend and old soboolfollow died in my arms. No suspioion had any of ns that it was aught but fsver. The symptoms wore oxaotly as wo had hoard when 'ashore— excessive retolilng, agonised spasms, death. Alas 1 we bad no doctor, and, amonjst nsall, co medical know- led ge. . . And it vas calm— always calm. And we lay ftod sweltvred, motioolas- And ftt shcit intervals men died. The officers all gonr. Then in one day fiv of tbs sailors disd— fir®, do you understand? — one after the othe®. Tfa« survivors, wild with tear, declared that La PacelU was accursed, doomed to rot wbece she lay. And, seizing two of the boats, they pulled away. Tbey iropJoTtd tts to join them. But w# preferred to stay and take our ehanee. There had been no deaths for 24 boare. So tbey went. On board weie now left only myself, jsan d'AuTorgne, better knowa as the Baron de Clichy ; my friead, Aotolce de Ceveune, Sieur de Be a a pert, and the eteward, a native of Ajaeeto in Corriea, wbo alto refused to leave the ship. Eridtotly tbe plague had oeat«. Bat week after week we lay like a login the sun's eye ; night after night, and day by day, and boar by boar, did we pray acd waten for wind to fill our little sail, andatleasttok.usfioni amidst tbe graves of oar dead shipmate, from the monsters who never ceased to swim aboat in ' tbo stagnant water watching for more victim#. And ever tbe calm stood, and to save onrselvei from madneAS we worked bard at cleaning and scraping and painting the vessel. , For, some time the steward had been acwog in a strange and most offensive manner, insist ing, amongst other things, that, as we were now nil eqnal, he efaonld take bis mes s with ns in the cabin. Naturally, wercsfatcd this incora- tion. One day, words waxed hot between him- Bilf and Antoine. D# Cevenne struck bim His threats were awfaL Ferrand struck nse once V he concluded. " Where is Ferraod now? Where are tbey all, my accursed masters ?" Then a horrid suspicion came into my mind, and I determined to watch hiro clonely for at least the next twenty-four hoars. But such a length was 'unnecessary. Washing the blood from his face, he went straight to his pantry. Stealthily I followed, and saw him take a square glass bottle from one of the shelves. Holding it up to the light, be grinned, and muttered to himself in Italian — Fool that I was to spare tbtm ! Soon shall tbe f#Ter return! Then there will be bat one master on La PqcsIIc ! With a about to Antoine in tbe saloon, the next minute I bad tbe miscreant by the'throai. He fought like a fury. Bnt we mastered bim. The bottle contained arsenic stolen from tbe dispensary. He had not even tbo exenre of insanity ; for when at last, securely bound, we carried bim on deck, ho bo&sled; in a matter of fact, cold-blooded fashion of the revenge he bad taken. And be told us, too, that be had but Bpared us for a short time longer because of tbe pleasure it g&Tc; him to feel tbe seo.«e ol absolute power over the last of bis former masters— a possession be wai loth to part with. "Bat tbe poor seamen, with whom you bad nothing to do?" queried Antoine, in a voice of horror. Tbe Inst to kill comes by killing," replied tbe wretch with & laugh. And be would apeak no more. Indeed, he had but little time. Far more meroiful than be bad been, we hurled him overboard. Tbe next minute the watchers took bim, leaving only a red stain on tbe still water to show tbe end of the wholesale murderer. And now the ship became utterly insupport able. At every torn we met tbe ghosts of our . poor pofaoned friends. Strangely enough, before tbfa knowledge, no such thoughts bad ever troubled or. Now M artel tbe captain, Ferrand tbe engineer, bloff old Joyeuse tbo mate, tbs marquis, and many others, hovered around us, nil with distorted faces and despair ing gestures, their mane still uuappeassd. To day wo take tho larger of the two remaining boats. Of provisions and water ws have an ample supply. Farewell, unknown reader ! Perhaps, ere this meets your eys, we may b&vc; : joined our friends over yonder. But we trust In \- tbe good God and the eaiots, and, more than &H;, in our luck. Once more, adieu l—Chap man's Mugazinc, 