TOPICS OF THE HOUR, By 'Asmodeus.' The Comic Church Congress-Brawling, J Biffing, and the EeaedJ ction-Every Man Hla Own Minister-Putting down the Drink— Buns as Substitutes lor Beer— | The Awostle of the Nude— Naked- ness our Natural State— The Fig teaf Fashion — The Curse ol Coghlan — Women must have ihe Franchise— Also, Every ? thing else she ask3 for. Pablusiekt will soon require t* look to its laurels as a place of public amusement, or it will be beaten completely out of the field by the Church Congress. So long as the Church Compress sticks to purely religious matters its doings ale dull ,euongh, aB a rule, but the moment tbe business end of tbe good old contribntion-box in thrust into the debate there are ' wigs on the green ' at onco, and each apostle present iB letting oiT his wila ?war-whoop and dancing round aa full of figlit as a 'myall ' black with cix inclieo of fight ing whisky iu his abdominal grog depart ment. * * * Some of tbe Church Congress troubles arise from the decidedly exasperating fact that tbe apestle ' ghost ' doesn't * wall; ' with beceaiing regularity, or, in othor words, that the good shepherd's 'screw' is not paid promptly, and in such a case the contumacious cleric bangs the Bible and points to tbe passage which gays, ' The laborer is worthy of his hire.' Just here a sarcastic saint chips in that sonic laborers aro not worth tbeir salt, and then the hall rings with invitations to ' come outside,' and gat v' Paul to tho Calathumpians,' aad all the laity present sail in 'on their own' to Bend tbe Pandemonium up to boiling pitch, ?while the unfortunate mis-called 'Moderator' in tbe chair rings his bell, like a bailiff at a Bale, and feebly says 'Gentlemen! Gentle men ! do please remember that you are Christian gentlemen !' The ' Christian gentle men' knock off when thov are physically ex hausted, not before, and then the Moderator, seeing an opening, bobs up and hastily gives ths Benediction, after which another wild scrimmage occurs at the hat and umbrella stand, and then the CoGfee Palace tables are ettacked and carried with great slaughter. m » » ? ? In some cases an unfortunate shepherd points out that his family is increasing in an inverse ratio to his salary, but he is very soon equelohed by a reminder lthat « Paul had no family,' and he (the complaining pastor) ?honld 'go and do likewise.1 Then the poor prelate points to the Biblical command, ? Increase aud multiply,' but he is promply reminded that there is a medium in all things, and while a family increase of one or two may be commendable, it is prosuraptuous on the part of any one man to undertake to stock * wholo district. That invariably eilenoss the unlucky but prolific preacher, and ha sinks on his seat with the crushed air of a man who has been violently bumped on the head with o 15-lb brass-bound copy of « .Britain's bulwark.' * B * Occasionally one reverend divine com plains that a self-appointed apostle has settled in his parish, and opened what butchers would call 'a cheap cutting shop,' where people can enter and attend divine service free of pew rates or any sort of charge whatever. Bnch a complaint as this is always treated -with grave consideration, because no parson present knows the hour thai he uiay be ^troubled with similar Christian competition. / but as a rule' tbe cheap churchman gets tbe better Of a case like this, for everyone seems to be * law unto himeolf just now in them matters, and pretty soon every man may be lis own parson as well. . » » « ' 'Whenever a change in thfl Congress pro gramme is considered neceBsary, 'themfiibferf take a fall out of political and other matters, and a precious fine mess they generally make of those subjects too. At Petersham, a few nights ago, tbe B«v. Mr Stephen conGdently informed a Cenferenoe that there were some men in this land who were more afraid of ?work than they weie of the small-pox (or words to that effect), and in his opinion, « every man who would not work ehould be starved into it.' Considering that our streets are thronged with men looking for work, this ?was pretty cool on Brother Stephen's part, but he needn't be at all anxious about starvation for the workers. The God-fearing Govern ment-will attend to that, « » « When it comes to a matter of creating a sudden burst of aide-splitting laughter, the greatest humorist alive has to go down before the blissfully unconscious joker, and he, by the way, is often found amongst tbe ranks of the Congress clergy. The parson who stands up with the deliberate intention of being ; funny, presents the most sorrowful eight I ever saw since Lot's wife was turned into rook-salt^ bat when he unconsoionsly deviates into humor, he is simply inimitable. B « B As a brilliant example of this, we have the case of the Rev. Mr, Bickara, of Brighton (no relation to the Tivoli divine) who, while lashing himeslf.into a furious rage over the evils of the aocur-r-sed der-rink, observed : ?One of the most insane customs here is that of asking a man to ' have a glass along with jne.' I oan't stand a man who is always guzzling, who always wants to 'wet' a bargain. Row when a man asks me to have . « drink, I always reply, 'No, I will have a bun instead.' Shade of the immortal John Barleycorn ! Ceuld anything be more repulsively laughablo than the idea of two genial souls who, after doing a horse, or any other honest 'dicker,' conceived the brilliant idea of clinching the bargain with a ban ?' B B B Brother Bidkar'd has a formidable rival in Jndge Hodges, of Melbourne, however, for while letting his pieus tongue wag at a Wesleytn Church Conference his Honor solemnly said, ' I counsel all present never to take liquor until they feel that they abso lutely need it (Who ever does ?— Ed. Tboth) asd instead of entertaining their friend* by offering them drink, I recommend them to cli scuts questions of constitutional hbtory.and ? of social improvement with those whom they meet so that each would be better instead of wane after the meeting.' ? ? » Holy Babelais I Fancy a jolly old back block visitor to the 'big smoke ' bobbing up against a crony in Pitt-ttreet, and instead of rushing into the nearest pub. to 'feed the snakes,' requesting him to sit down on the ??? kerbing and discuss that grand old bit of constitutional history so popular with newly ? fledged debating classes, 'Was the execution of King Charles L justifiable ?' ' Judge Bodges ehould elide eff the Bench and occupy a Wesleyan pulpit, while parson Bickard should get. a. set of horse-hair brains and turn Supreme Court Judge straight away — in fact the worthy pair might swop billets, and istify the bargain with — a tutu Now -that Brother M'Donald, the 'apostle of the nude/ is ou his way to convert ns all to nakedness, it oocurs to me that that ill starred divorced divine, the Bav Mr Clarke^ .once explained for the edification of Judge Windeyer that 'nakedness is man's natural state, and although some people think it a great sin to go about naked, still that is the way we were .*11 created.* ^ As the dear , old judge himself happened to be dressed to kill at the time, he shook out his puffed sleeves, and tugged angrily it his taetefttllv-trimmei s!diti.vj»nd .snorted b»ok that 'a clergynua's wife is not expected to go about in a blaniC like a Maori,' a re mark that recalls tho story of another clergyman who, seeing his wife dressing for a ball, reproachfully remarked, ' My dear, I don't think our good Mother Eve, in the Garden of Eden- wore as much costly finery. as you do.' ' * m « The only effect this mild reproof had, how ever, was to cause the wife to dab a- little mere powder on her tip-tilted nose, and tartly reply, 'I don't think Eve woro very much of anything in tho garden myself, and I hardly think you would like me to appear with you in church next Sunday with nothing on me but a fig leaf — even a Tory large iig leaf. ] f you insist, however, I will cheerfully do so, but don't be surprised if the congregation is somewhat distractcd from your sermon.' lie was a eonsible man, howevar, and eo he did not ineiet — in faot he preserved an ominous silenos on the matter ever after. ? B B Talking of clothes, one of tbe characters in ' Tho Green Carnation.' says, ' my wife is a good woman, and woars large hats. Why do good women invariably wear large hats ?' 1 am seriously afraid that tbe moment a woman becomes unco guid, she becomes unco dowdy as welL I don't think that is right. Thorough neatness always has companion virtues to keep it company ; in fact, neatness is a twin sister to cleanliness, and is, there fore a next door neighbor to godliness, I csn't conceive an angel going about in a man's old bashed bat, broken boots, and a skirt that exposes more than it Concoale. Apropos to clothing, complaints are already heard from our master tailors and milliners that the Curse of Coghlan has fallen on them, for the ' reduced ' Civil Servants are now patronising the ' slop shops,' aud wear ing the poorest attire, while the 'retired ' clorks are thinking seriously of joining Apostle McDonald's nude sect, and stalking round without any clothes at all. In time wo may find Treasury clerks going te their offices iu their shirt sleeves, and Lands' officials wearing moleskin trousers tied under the knees with hay- bauds, the same as the ' demnition lower orders do ' ; and then the ruin of the country will be complete, for it has hitherto been the custom to judge the prosperity of a colony by the full dress appearance of its Civil Service. Once let it be known iu London tbat our lordly officials are forced to patronise 'pop shops,' or 'Paddy's Market,' for: their toggery, and J. Bull will button up his breeches pockets and shut down on our borrowing business at once, after which tho wisest thing for tho God-fearing gang to do will he to invest their surplue in ' Bough on Bats,' and poieon themselves, aud tho people all round. . - ..j . ... ? B B Humor says that the New Woman and the Old Woman, and the Plain and the Fancy Woman, and all the rest of the so-callsd softer sex, arc girding up their loins and tightening up their stays and getting ready to Hake another rush on Reid and demand to I know what h6 intends to do about granting the franchise to them, as he promised ever so many months ago. Even the women are getting full up of Rumpty's wriggling now, and that is a bad sign for him, for the poli tician who hasn't sense enough to keep a woman 'on the string,' had better put up hie flute and swear off tootling altogether. B B « Going back on my own! oft-expressed opinion, I am now willing to admit tbat every woman who really wants tbe franchise ehould be allowed to have it; and then let her pad her ' bun,' or stuff out her stay-body, or do anything else she pleases with it; It is probably true that this hankering after political life is merely woman's natural bent for information-seeking taking on to a fresh track. If eke wasn't trying to find oat all about political affairs, and prohibition and , tiie proper age of consent, and the like, she would be trying to find out all about her neighbors, and civil wars would be raging in every back yard in tho land. There's a Jot of good in this political woman's worry when you come to boil it down. B * B Possibly the reasoning in the above only amounts to making the most ef a bad bar gain, but anyway it reminds me of the chat of a wise man of the weeds, Sam Sbirkit by name, wbo held the theory tbat 'there's aothing practical about womer — all they can do is to talk,' « B B Sam could do a deal iu that line himself, but by way of vindication he used to say (without going to the trouble of taking his pipe out ef his Mouth to say it) : ' Fellows prate that I'm lazy, just because 1 lets the missus an' the gals chop tbe wood, but that's becoz those fellers are only superficial ob servers, I lets the wimmin do the choppin' becoz I'm a ferlosopher, and 1 can't bear to waste my time and onergy in the useless labor of liftin' an axe over my filosophical head. B B » 'Ton see, liftin' an axe up in the ait don't count for anything at all. It's a mere waste o' vital force. It's only the down strokes that counts, and shows any result for yonr labor. I'd work at makin' down strokes with an axe from ono year's end to tha other, If they conld only be got in without th« useless up strokes. But wimmin don'ti mind loss of time or waste of effort ; in faot, when they take a spell of choppin' wood they threw all their strength into tha up-etreke that brings tbe axe over their fool heads, aud then they're played out, aud (he axe has te fall down en its own responsibility. There's nethin' prac tical about wimmin at all, and so Parliament would be a fuet-rate'place for most of 'cm. M Parliament seems to do nothin' but get in up strokes tbat go for nix all the year round,' 