[Continued from Saturday's Issue.] [all kights kexerveii.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PRICE OF A LIFE By FABIAN BELL. Author of "After Long Teaks," "Stelxa," "The Maharajah's Diamonds," "The House in the Feus." "The Letter in Cypher," " He and She,'' "The Hero of the akawa," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXIV. Ethel Sees a Ghost. Robert dicl not fail to keep his appointment at Eyralla Cottage on the following day, and even to his masculine senses it was abun dantly evident that the dainty afternoon tea presented to liim was considerably beyond the taste and comprehension of the homely dame who admitted him, and pointed the way to Eulalie's sitting-room. This good woman had been a laundress in the old country, but was destined to become a millionaire when her ' old man should return from the diggings with ' his pile', pending which she was kind enough to let shibby rooms at exorbitant prices to ten ants who ' did' for themselves, swept their own rooms, cooked their own food, and gen erally paid a big price for a poor article. Eulalie received her visitor with Bome em barrassment, which did not wear off until she forgot it in the hospitable duty of preparing tea by the aid of a little spirit lamp, in a dainty equipage brought from the Old Country. With great tact Grimshaw occupied himself with the child, and allowed the mother to wait upon them both, divining by some subtle instinct that it pleased her to do this, and finding it very sweet to be ministered to by this fair woman. It gave him a strange home like feeling, which ended in a bitter pang of jealousy, to sit with the child on his knee encircled by his left arm, while his right hand held the dainty cup and delicate cake presen ted by her mother. Afternoon tea wasn't much in his line, but from that day forth it symboled to his mind the fabled feasts of the gods. •It's delicious,' he said, 'I never tasted anything like it before.' ' I'm glad you like it. I brought the whole service with me from England. The tea tastes better in these little cups, I think.' ' It is perfect,' he replied with enthusiasm but the,,remark probably extended farther than was apparent. The ice thus broken, they talked freely, Robert revealing quite unconsciously the simple goodness and honesty of his nature. Eulalie could not help rembering the line, ' An honesi man's the noblest work of God.' She thought she understood what the poet meant, and was well inclined to agree with him. Contrasted with the dark, subtle nature of Hardcastle, the transparent clearness of her present companion was striking as it was refreshing. Yet he too could keep a secret; he did not tell her anvthinu about Chirles Hall. He left early lest he should weary her, and it was Rita who begged him to return. Eulalie did not wish to second the invitation, but without actual rudeness she could scarcely refrain from so doing. She had a vague feeling of possible danger accruing from these visits, hut Grimshaw never said or did anything to strengthen this ; so that gradually it wore oft, and to mother and child alike the brightest moments of their grey life were when this fresh, kindly, simple hearted young fellow sat with them in their narrow shabby rsom,or walked beside them in the public gardens, which were then only in their infancy. In all these interviews Robert had the wisdom to devote himself more to the child thun the mother. It was for Rita that he brought fresh fruit and flowers, a doll, a packet of sweets. He rarely came empty-handed, but if he did, he always brought his welcome with him. In the child's heart his image occupied the place which should have been filled by the father she had never known. Eulalie saw it all with a mixture of feelings which it would be almost impossible to analyse. | So a few weeks passed by, and Robert was in danger of forgetting the duty which hail brought him to the Antipodes, when he was suddenly awakened from thedangerous dream of blis3 by a chance meeting with Raymond, who asked him whether he had found Charles Hall. This led to further explanations, and ! he learned that instead of staying in the larger townships he should have prosecuted his inquiries further afield. . 'Diggers are a very uncertain set, here to day and «one to-morrow. Even in a good field they"soon get restless, and want to move on, and they won't waste time over a poor one. Of course, Hall is not a digger, except by accident; but tiie party that he joined are dingers and prospectors by trade. No doubt they have gone further afield to some new rush or private discovery of their own.' The re-sult of this was that Robert resolved to go up country again without further loss of time* But he could not go without saying adieu to his friends at Eyralla Cottage. As it happened Rita had been somewhat feverish, and out of sorts all day, and her mother had put her to bed early. She hat just fallen asleep, and seeing the visitor pass the window Eulalie hastened to meet him at the open door, laying her finger on hev lips. ' llita is asleep ; she's not very well.' ' What's wrong ? Shall I fctch a doctor ?' ' By no means. I think it is just the heat; she is not accustomed to it. 1 have given her a little dose, and she will probably be all riaht to-morrow. But we must speak softly, these wretched wooden houses c^rry every sound.' He followed her into the .fitting-room; ' I hive come to wish you srood-bye for a little time,' he said. ' I hope you are right about the child,' he added, ' and- that; she will soon be well. Give her my love, and this toy to remember me by. You must not let her forget me when I am away.' . ^ ' You are very good, too good. I wisn you would not give her such expensive pre sents ; something far simpler would please her just as well.' Robert shook his head. ' Don't interfere, please. Rita and I under stand each other.' 'You are very kind, and she is devoted to you, but you must not spoil her. You spoke of leaving town, and we will miss you very much. When are you going V ' To-morrow.' 'Ah..' She drew a deep brea'.-h, and looked him straight in the eyes. 'Where are you going V «To Bullarat-, and probably beyond. I do not know yet exactly how far.' ' To the diggings !' 'Yes. Another question trembled on her lips. She hesitated for a moment as if seeking words in which to clothe it. ' Do you still think that my—that Mr. Hardcastle is living V The blood surged through his red-brown skin to the very roots of his fair hair, and his blue eyes had in them that light which speaks of hidden fire under a calm exterior. ' Yes—yes—I fear so.' ' 0'n God !' she cried, leaning against the tabb for support. ' You're on the track at lasr, is it not so? Tell me I must know.' Ho would have given the world to put his arm round her and support her trembling figure, but he bit his lip instead and spoke with unnatural calmness. ' Don:t excite yourself in that way. I may be altogether mistaken. I was before. I have no certain knowledge.' ' Mr. Grimshaw, you are deceiving me.' ' Indeed I am not. I see cause for inquiry but I know nothing.' ' You are cruel.' ^ ' You do me an injustice. So far from be ing cruel, I would giva my life to serve you or your child. The low tones of suppressed passion thrilled her to the heart. ' Don't speak of the child. Do you forget that the man you are hunting is her father?' 'Forget it. No, I amnotiikely to forget it,' he cried bitterly., ' Do you think there is a day or hour of my life during which it is possible for me to forget that he has claims of which he is utterly unworthy, and that I have none ?' Eulalie shivered, and drew back. ' What do you mean!' ' Oh you need not recoil. I do not wish to offend you. I only mean that I love that child, and you yourself confess that she loves me. Yet I have no claim on her, while a man who has never seen her, who does not care for her, who is unworthy to touch a curl of her sunny hair, may appear at any moment and exercise absolute parental authority over her.' ' He's her father,' murmured Eulalie. ' All the worse for her and for you, but no virtue on hu part that that I can see. Don't let us discuss this subject. We don't think alike on it. Perhaps it is scarcely to be expected that we should. In my eyes he is a bad man, without a single redeeming quality, a slayer of the innocent, an oppressor of the poor. I've sworn to bring liim to justice, or at least to make him disgorge some of h:.a iil-gotten gains, and if indeed he is still alive I mean to do so.' Eulalie Bhuddered. ' I am sure you do him an injustice.' ' If so he has nothing to fear, and,' he added in a lower tone, ' [ have nothing to hope.' ' And even if he should be guilty,' per sisted Eulalie, ' you are not the judge.' ' That is sophistry. It is not I who con demn him, but his own actions. They carry with them their naturally resulting punish ment. I wish him no evil; if he is innocent, that innocence will be easily proved, but his actions have not been those of an inno cent m»n. If, indeed, he escaped the wreck of the Dunbar, his duty was to communicate with you at once, to relieve your anxiety, and provide for the discharge of his just debts. Has he done so ?' Eulalie shook her head. ' You know that he has not, and I say again, that if he is still alive, he is self-con demned.' ' And yet. Even if he be guilty, I en treat—I implore you—for the child's sake, spare him. Think what a disgrace it would be to her in after years should her father be a convicted felon.' ' The disgrace would be the same under any circumstances.' said Grimshaw, sternly. ' To my mind it would be a greater disgrace for her to be called up to love and hor.or such a father than to have the tie between them legally severed. Nothing from without can really defile anyone. Do you mean to tell me that you would wish the child to be contaminated by the daily and hourly presence of such a man. And yourself, too—could you endure it V Eulalie grew white to the lips. Robert's words seemed to probe to her very soul. She had tried to believe in Conrad's innocence, but it seemed no longer possible. At this moment a cry from the adjoining room made the mother spring to her feet, and fly to her darling's side. The child was awake, and wanted to know who was there, and then in sisted that Robert should come and see her. Accordingly he wis soon by her side, kissing the flushed cheek, and smoothing the tumbled hair. ' Dear Rita, dear little one,' he said, and his voice trembled with emotion. She imprisoned his strong right hand be tween her tender trembling fingers. 'Stay with 'Ita, 'Ita love oo,' she lisped, and he drew a chair beside the cot and sat down. Eulalie watched them, and marvelled as often before at their perfect sympathy and accord, for though the one was a strong man and the other a little girl- child, the link be ' tween them was without a flaw. Hitherto she had imagined that women alone care for and understand children. She was now be ginning to learn that the best men have al ways an element of the child in their composi tion. If Robert had been kind to the child merely to win her mother's regard, he could not have taken a more certain means to that end, but the paternal instinct was strong in him, and he loved the child for her own sake. When at last he rose to go, Rita was soothed and comforted. ' You have done her as much goad as a doctor,' said the mother, gratefully. At the door the laid both hands in hie, and murmured.' 'For her sake, spare him.' Robert trembled ; the touch of her cling ing hands sent the blood coursing madly through his viens. ' Cannot you trust me ?' he said hoaraely. ' Oh, that I could ! but I fear, I fear.' ' What do you fear V ' I scarcely know. You are so hard.' He smiled bitterly, holding her hands in a firm graap from which she did not try to free them. ' So soft, so foolish, so weak, you mean, as to let go what I think right for a woman's smile. Is that it V ' No, but ' ' Do not tempt me more than I can bear. If you knew what your friendship has been to me, and how terrible it would be to loose it. And yet—I cannot do what you ask.' ' Why not ?' He dropped her hand suddenly, as if it hurt him. ' Why do you always plead for him ?' he cried, hoarsely. ' What has he been to you ? The worst husband a woman ever had. Would you take him to your heart again ? Is he fit to be your husband and that child's father V It was new Eulalie's turn to recoil. j ' What do you mean ? Conrad was not a bad husband to me.' 'Oh, he cried, desperately, ' unless a man beats or kicks, or personally ill- uses a woman, she will never confess that he is a bad husband, and even then she is full of excuses. Of course if you are satisfied—if that is your ideal of married life.' Eulalie drew herself up with dignity. ' I think, Mr. Grimshaw, that you arc for getting yourself,' she said. ' I arn sorry that I have asked you something that you can not find it in your heart to grant, and I beg to withdraw my request. Good-bye,' ' Stay, stay a moment, and I will explain.' But she had already returned to the child's room, which 9.'ie did not quit again that even ing. On the following diy Grimshaw left Melbourne, and a week later Ethel Rain bird returning from a walk in the town rushed into the room where her mother was sitting quietly at work and cried. ' Mrs. Hardcastle's presentiments were right after all. Her husband is still alive.' 'How? Why ? What is it 1 What do you mean ? What, has happened V ' Conrad Hardcastle h alive. He is in Melbourne. I have seen him.' CHAPTER XXV. The Doomed Men. ' Hullo ! What's that?' * What's what? I hear nothing.' ' Listen! It is like the running of water, rushing, pouring; now cin't you hear it?' 'Yes, I do. It must be the creek turned by some accident into its old channel and flowing over our heads.' ' It is more than that. For the last two hours or so I h-ivu heard it between the blows of our picks. First a gentle trickle, t-hen a stream. It. seems to be running into the cave itself near the entrance.' 'Impossible! There's no water there.' ' Let us go and look; we shall at least satisfy ourselves.' 'Very well, but it's great waste of time. Remember how short we are of candles. This is ne-ir'y the last/and when it is goneweshall no longer be able to work in this cave.' ' It won't take a minute; I must satisfy my curiosity.5 The precious candle was stuck, in true miner's fashion, in a lump of clay fixed in Stub'os' hat and to economise the tallow, which was to them more precious than gold. The two men worked side by side, picking out the specks of gold and dropping them into canvas bags. It was a most; primitive arrangement, but in this case it answered well. The illumination was of the mildest description, and only extended for a radios / of a few feet, beyond which a chimerean I darkness filled the great cave, and the circle of light was a mere dot in its expanse, only making the surrounding gloom appear denser. The cave was t long and winding, and the end where the men worked was considerably higher both roof and floor than the entrance. The miners went down this inclined plane. They turned a corner, and Jakes uttered a suppressed cry. From this spot they had always commanded a view of the ]4gged hole of entrance, through which the light from the outer world shone brightly. This light was no longer visible. ' Where is the entrance ? I can't see it ?' said Jakes. 'Nonsense,' replied Stubbs. 'It's there right enough, only we haven't got far enough to see it. Go ahead.' They went on ; the sound of rushing water was now much nearer and seemed to fill the whole cavern. Again Jakes stopped. ' Which i3 the way V he asked. 11 can't tell where to turn.' ' Go right ahead. We must see the light in a moment.' But they did not. Jakes was leading by a few steps. Sud denly he drew back. 'Water!' he cried. The cave is full of water. Give me your candle.' The Yankee took it from his hat. The light was reflected from a thousand scintil lating ripples and sparkles from the agitated surface of a pool of unknown depth which lay at their feet. ' Great Scot! What does this mean ?' cried the Yankee in amazement. "It means that the lower end of the cave is full of water. Sae there it is pouring from the roof. ITo wonder I heard the sound.' But even then they did not realize what had happened, but thought that it was only a question of wading, or at the worst, of swimming. But the stream had as yet found no outlet, the pool grew wider and deeper every moment and the entrance was no more visible. They sought it all round, holding the candle at arm's length and causing it to revolve slowly, but the rays did not pene trate as far as the rocky s-all opposite, and the scrutiny only served to confuse them more and more. In which direction should they move 1 They could not tell. Straight ahead. Very true, but which was straight ahead ? If any one had asked them half an hour before whether they were certain of the way from the spot where they were working to the entrance they would have laughed to scorn the suggestion of a doubt, but anyone that has lost his way in a familiar room in the dark will know how difficult it is to find it again. And no room in any house can be as dark as a cave in the bowels of the earth. Again, and yet again, they threw the light forward, striving to make it oenetrate a little farther into the gloom. 'If only we had a heap of bluegumleaves to make a flare,'sighed Jakes. But there were no gum leaves or anything else with which to illuminate the darkness. " Only the quartz walls around them, full of gold, and the ransom of a hundred kings lying within their reach. What a mockery it seemed. ' I can't understand it at all,' said Stubbs, reflectively. ' What has turned the water into it's old channel, and what makes it flow into the cave. When we first came it was perfectly dry, and had been for a long time. No water came in then.' ' Certainly not, but unfortunately that won't help us ; the water is coming in pretty fast now.' 'But why does it not flow out: it rises every moment.' 1 Impossible.' ' It's true though. Do you see that point of rock there? Watch jfc and in a few moments it will be covered.' The experiment proved the truth of Jakes' words; the water had found no outlet or at best a very insufficient one. 'I can't understand it,' said Stubbs again. ' Where is the hole wg made ? If the water hasn't reached it we ought to be able to see it, and if the water has reached it it should flow outasquicklyas it flows in, for that holeis capable of carrying oif a stream four times the size of the one which is flowing from the roof. Can the hole hare got stopped up in some way, and if so, how?' 'Oh, that'squite impossible.' ' Where is it then 1 'Very true, wiere is it V ' I wonder whai time it is. Dinner time, I guess, and if so Hall will aoon be coming to call us, and when he sees what has happened he will be able to clear the hole; it must have got stopped ia some way by the force of | the water. Let us go back and work for a spell.' ; Another half hour passed, which seemed as long as two hours. They could not work. Had the whole mountain been formed of solid gold it would have availed them nothing, and they knew it. The stream still poured in from the roof, ' and the pool was perceptibly wider and deeper. i The imprisoned men grow anxious, but as yet they had no thought of foul play, or of any real danger. ' It's strange that Hall does not come. , Perhaps he has wandered off, and forgotten to call us. Done it on purpose, in one of his vile tempers.' The candle burnt low in the socket. They had only one more with them. They lighted that. They could not endure the idea of be ing left in total darkness. ' If he doesn't come soon, we had better dash through the water, and try to find the outlet.' But they both knew the difficulty of the undertaking, for as they shrewdly suspected, the outlet was closed, and the water already flowed above it. To find it would be a diffi cult task, whilst to remove the obstacle against the overwhelming force of the stream would dem-nd the strength of a Hercules. ' Let me go first,' said Jakes. ' You stand there and held the candle: when I find the right spot you can come too and help to clear the way, but there's no use in our both goinf floundering about, and in the confusion we ! might douse.the glim, and that would not answer. So here goes.' He stepped into the water, which rapidly deepened as he advanced and was soon up to his knees. He turned back, but divested himself of his clothes. 'I shall have to swim,' he said, 'and these wouli bo rather in my way.' He waded as far as ho could, and then struck out boldly. Half a dozen strokes brought him to the opposite wall of the cave; he.felt along it carefully with his hands and' feet. Every bit of it was rough,. but he could not discern any special obstruction which might be supposed to cover the outlet. Ho tried to displace more than a dozen lumps of quartz, which appeared like excres cences, but not one of them was movable. Ho returned to Stubb3. ' I can't find any outlet.' '.Let me go this time,' said the Yankee, stripping and plunging into the clear water. He, too, made the tour of the pond, feeling with hands and reet upon the rock}7 sides. He too, returned discomforted. ' ^ e must get our picks and try to force a way out. 'How can we ? There's no place out there where we can stand to work them, the water would be over your heads.' ' We can but try. We cannot stay here to be diowned like rats in a trap, I wonder whore Hall is.' I ve no idea. He ought to have been here long since. By the way I've an idea. I begin to believe that this is some devil's trick that ho is playing us. Remember how he served those men in Canon Gully : he is quite cap able of trying his best to get rid of us in the same way.' ' But why? What motive can he have?' 'For one thing he hates us, and has done so ever since we were foolish enough to let him see our true opinion of him. And secondly, if he got rid of us, all the gold would- be his as well as the secret of the cave. I think, therefore, that he has closed up the outlet with the vory pieces of stone that we .left there for that purpose and that ho has also let in the water. In that case ho is not likely to come near us.' ' But surely he would not do such an hwful thing.' ' He's bad enough for anything.' The tiro men went up to the cave for their tools. The spaco of dry, sandy floor had visibly diminished. Having got them they plunged again into the water, but found lit' difficult to swim with their weapons, and still more difficult to protect the candle which Stubb3 had again placed in his hat, as the only safe place. Swimming with great cure they crossed the pond, and reached the apposite side of the cave, where they cautiously felt about with their feet for some coign of vantage on which they could stand, and which would serve as a fulcrum for the leverage of their weapyns. 'Here you are,' cried Stubbs, resting hi feet upon what appeared to be a projecting point of solid rock. 'Now for a gooc! b!o«\ He braced himself for the effort, resting his full weight on tho rock and raising his' right arm over his head. Jakes did the same. ' One, two, three. Now.' The treacherous rock gave way tinder their feet, and they were precipitated back wards into the deep water. The weapons fell from their hands, and, worse than all, the candle. The precious luminant fell into the water and was immediately extinguished with a sputter and a hiss, leaving the cave in pitch darkness and the two men engulfed in the ever-deepening water. (To be continued.) 