Women's Christian Tem perance Union. The Central District of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of South Aus tralia held its fifth convention at Mintaro on May 27. Tbe morning and afternoon meetings were held in the Wesley an Lec ture Hall, delegates being present from Clare, Burra, and Mintaro. Apologies were received for unavoidable absence of delegates from Jamestown, Yongala, and Snowtown. In addition to the appointed delegates a large number of friends were present at both sessions, the weather being most favorable. Mrs. Brown, Die triet President, presided and gave a very tender and helpful address. Mies Vickery gracefully welcomed the delegates, and suitable response was made. Miss Brown, corresponding secretary, read an interest ing report giving tbe membership at 155, honorary members 29 — total 184. Public meetibgs had been held At nil towns where onions exist, also at Watervale and Stanley Flat. Cottage meetings had been tbe means of much blessing, and one union had held successful drawing-room meeting?. Misses Vincent and Cummins had visited the district and done much good. In all 127 meetings bad been reported. At Jamestown the Evangelistic Department was aglow with life. The year had been difficult owing to the fact of many mem bers and friends removing from tbe district, but the outlook was very hopeful. The Treasurer, Mrs. Ellery who was unable to be present, owing to illness, reported — Expenditure, £4 0s 3d; balance on hand of £1 13s. Mies Noblett, superintendent of franchise, who was unable to be present, sect her re port. Tbe unious of the district bad dis tributed literature and held discussions at member's meetings in order to arouse mem bers and friends to the importance of using their influence in favor of candidates who would vote for temperance legislation and for the better protection of tbe purity of young people. Nearly all members over 21 bad enrolled, and most if not all bad voted on the side of temperance and righteousness. Mrs. Radford read her report of the depart ment of scientific temperance, instruction which led to a discussion on the importance of tbe compulsory temperance teaching in public schools being based on scientific principled. Pleasure was expressed at the iuformatiou that such instruction ia being given to the students in the training col lege. Miss Vickery presented the literature report, and Mrs. A. W. Langeford the re port of cottage meeting, both showing tbat good work had been done. During the morning greetings were read from Miss ClaraJBlight, tbe recording secretary, who is visiting New Zealand, from Mr?. Ellerj, treasurer, and from several absent members of tbe District Executive. Verbal greet ings were also giveu by the Australasian and Colonial Preside til, Mrs. Nicholls, Mrs. Marsh, President of the Para District, Mrs. Mackie, President of Nortti Adelaide Uuion, and Mrs. Colemau, Au&truliau; and Colonial Superintendent of peace aud arbitration. Paper* were read during tbe morning nn-) afternoon by Mrs. Ellery »n ' C maceration,' Miss Talbot on ' Pi'nier,' Mrs. '.'adford on 'Fruit Bearing,' Miss Noblett on 'Self- Denial,' Miss Mitchell on ' Bible Wines from a temperance poiut of view.' During tbe afternoon a very cordial greeting wn* given by Rev. A. W. Laugsford, who sug gested that the ciuse of temperance mLbi be helped by special encouragement being given to tbe manufacture of raisins nnd currants. The election of officers ranked as follows: — Mrs. Brown, President ; Miss Brown, Corresponding Secretary ; Miss Blight, Recording Secretary ; Mrs. Ellery, Treasurer. Tbe following pi in of work was adopted — 1. That we urge the import ance of a special effort lu circulate litera ture to gain new members and form new unions throughout the district. 2. That we endeavor to enlist the help of young wo men and to push forward work among children. 3. That we lend all our influence in favor of the passing of a Local Veto Rill, for tbe prevention of the sale of drink to children, for amendments to the Opium Act, for the raising of the age of protection to 18 years, and amendments to tbe social purity laws, and those that touch the civil rights of women and children, and above all we urge the importance of constant united fervent prayer. The following resn lu'ions were passed — 1. Tbat tbi* conven tion expresses its «atiefaction that the Col onial Executive has received euch suitable and commodious head quarters iu Pirie street, and that tbe undertaking- is proving financially successful. We are glad that thd possession of tbe home is helpful to the general work of the uniin, and cordially coalmen 1 to interests to the sympathy nnd prayer of our members in this district. 1. That this convention thankfully recogoi-es in answer to the prayers offered by our union on tbe general lesults of tbe recent electious for the House of Assembly, in which the women of South Australia voted for the first time. We are glad that eo many women recorded their votes, and did so iu such au intelligent and thoughtful manner, also that temperance principles ex ercised a more powerful influence ou the voting than in any previous election. 3. That we again protest against the cul li- ra tion of grapes for the manufacture of colonial fermented wine, and earnestly urge all our members' and frieude to ouly use colonial currants and raisins, thus creating a demand for these articles of fruit, and fostering this industry, so as to turn vine- growers from growing the grape for alcoholic uses. In tbe evening a large audience as sembled in the Wesleyan Church, over which Mrs. Brown presided. Addresses were given by Mesdames Brown, Marsh, Coleman, Nicholls, Mackie, Rev. A. W. Laagcfoid, aud Me. W. E. R&dford.; Song* were rendered by Mrs. Kitto, Miss Kemp, Miss Priaulx, and Mr. Fry, and a chorus, ' Temperance Sunbeam,' by Misses Tra laggan, Paul, Hunt, Montgomery, Rowe, Williams (2), and Ifeleon. u My dear Sisters — As we stand on tbe threshold of another ' year and review the past, we can eay with God's people of old, ' Hitherto hath the Lord helped us.' Had it Jnot been eo, our unions ere this would have ceased to exist. At the commence* inent of the year oar outlook was dark, and the enemy would have persuaded us that the Lord's work must stop, for the ranks of our workers had been thinned by re moval time after time. But our loving Father is never at a loss to carry on His own work, and has supplied the needs in His own way, removing the difficulties one after another. So we can say with the psalmist, ' Praise ye, the Lord, for it ie good to eiog praises unto our God ; praise is comely. O eing unto the Lord a new song, for He hath done marvellous things. His right hand and His holy arm hath gotten us tbe victory. Sing ye unto the Lord, for He hath triumphed gloriously. Tbe Lord is our strength and song, and He has become our salvation. He is our God, our Father's God, and we will exalt Him, for praise glorifieth God.' We are so very slow to praise. Let us each strive to do this more then we have done before, then we eball feel as old Crovossa felt when be praised God ; for one blessing God gave him another. Then our hearts will overflow with love, and we shall feel and believe in the brotherhood of man, and have a greater desire to be helpful to humanity. Let us each strive to make this tbe dominating purpose of our life, then our hearts will be tilled with divine perfumes, and we shall each leave the world much better and brighter then we found it. If we cannot do all we would, let us do all we can. As yet, men alone have had tbe handling of politics, the making and executing of laws, they eit io courts, compose juries, nnd constitute the police force, and they have run public nnd civil affairs. But now tbat we have the vote I trust tbat we shall all strive to help them by our prayers. It is not enough to have a heart tender and quick to relieve present suffering. Such deeds are truly beautiful fragrant blossoms of a Christian life. But there is a work besides this, tbat of being brought into line to march with the ages. There are influences to be set going to help our work for God's home. For a woman whi eaotmt otidii-e to Unxf n thing done a Unit: less perrecil* at tlie ex pense of her 8ni]'« »row li, her menial polishin ? m- \ th ?? ur»ade'i'--r of h-r out look, th ? not ? niii-; --f her heart, nnd th' slretchii'..1 ? «' of li«?r hands to the wi»rl-l's pitiful reed -?- which she might hrinj/ sovereign h-'ni, is in no Pt-nse a heroine. Letusal1 -wive to remember our bodies are temples of tbe Holy Ghost, and that while dniog w-irlf 'hit otr.'bt to be done fur our Blesse * i^rd and Mig'er, that we -lo not forget ili» re-iiing places which our loving Fathe' Iih.'j niir ed o-it fur our souN, to pauee -urt p rumence with Him and gather strength !-y the way. We are often found working but noi waiting on Him, for if we worn wh should hare the rest of f«itl|. We have His promi-e — 'They that wait on the Lord --h ?!! inherit the earth, and they that tins' in Him ?h ill hens N-mn-7j\m, which c iu-iot he iti -c.' I, bu- nliids'li f--r ever.* So 'et u* ;ill co-iiidh our way unto the Lo I, ' f -r « li-i ?-) putlelh his trust iu the L«-rd sbtill be siifv.' So let us e-ich ' Wait on the Lord and be of good courage, and He will strengthen our hearts.' Our loving Father is always to Hie promise, and when we do not wait we lack spiritual strength. We cau only do a very little for our noble cause, and not one-half that we wish aud long to do for Jesus. Our sisters have done wdl io start the White Cross branch of purity work. But we can do more. We must do more if any good is to come of this movemeut. We must push the work. It is mo*t important to get purity reform among men, for the great reason, that we must get this movement into our legislation. I think we all ad mire and praj for our dear president and the noble band that waited on the members of Parliament a short time ago. Yea, we must each strive to do all we can to get pure laws into our courts, hence the im portance of getting our purity movement thoroughly goiug amongst men. Take for example the abuses and evils of marriage and divorce. Are they not evils that strike at the vi ry root of society ? They can be corrected only by legislation. Bad laws must be repealed, and good laws must be enacted. But such measures can come only when we have wine, good, clean, pure legislators. Such legislators can be had only as we gel them through political puriies. Now that we have giveu to us this great boon — the ballot — let us pray earnestly that the men we have just put in may be Ciirirt-likn, nnd have all tbe wis dom nnd jrrnco they need. We want to be wise as serpents, and 1 trust we all know the meaning of that command. Tbe ser pent ftifcinntos before it kills. We who would be wise in wiauiug souls for Jesus must by our diameter draw the people to us, and then lead them borne to Jesus. How 1 wish some strong, bright, clever womau stood before you to-day to flash be fore you dear ones— as no words of mine oan — the great power you young people possess lo help ox binder the cause of temperance and purity, to make you feel your responsibility iu this matter, and never cease trying to fulfil it. We know tbat our gifls have much to occupy their time and attention. But we eapeciiliy and particularly want theui, for it is they who shine in social life, and who can do beauti fully many things which older women can not touch at all. Let us each try to get them to join- our unions. May we eacb promise as iu tbe eight of God that we will get one before another year. Then our membership would be double. We want our younger ones to be in training to take our places when we are called home. It is doubtful if there ia one woman in our village who is euch a slave tbat she has absolutely no time at her own disposal. Most of us find some time. She who honestly plaus for a little time for temper ance work generally succeeds in securing it. Half the failures in life may be at tributed to the want of faith, patience, and perseverance, and unless we are thoroughly one in this great subject we cannot help one another. We need to be enthusiasts for Christ and for saving souls, and then we cau with complete devotion give our selves lo this work for God, for home, and humanity. Let us each pray the Lord to help us to make our meetings attractive, and thus help to draw all those who come under our influence, and impress them with faith and trust, asking our loving Father for wisdom, grace, and guidance. Christ sees us, and tbe eyes of the world are on us. He says, - Feftr not, for I am wilb thee; be not dismayed, for I am thy God ; I will not fail tbee nor forsake thee ; my grace is sufficient for thee.' We want God's honor remembered at the polling houses then He will himself take care of tbe best interest of our colony. Are not our churches pitifully devoid of young men, and tbe pitfalls of vice in our large cities crowded with them? Thus our brothers and sons are drawn farther and farther away from purity and the influence of a mother's pnyers and the restraining and helpful ordinances of the church. What we need to do is to arrest the thought, awaken the conscience, enlighten the judgment, and strive to stir up all the emotions of manli ness and chivalry. We cannot do it our selves. But do not let us forget that we are laborers together with God, and He that is for us is mightier than all that can be against us. How many tbat we all love are out on the rocks of intemperance? Shall we stand by and not put forth one effort to save them ? If we do not, God have pity on us, for tbe blood of these, our brothers, be upon our garments. ' Go quickly and tell thy disciples that He is risen from the dead,' said the angel to the woman. And we stand by looking on whilst our brothers and sisters are out on the rocks of intemperance, and never strive to help to rescue them. The open doors of the hotels are blockading the highways along which must come our King in His beauty, and we all know that His triumphal reign cannot be ushered in until the dram shops are cleared away and institutions for man's elevation are substituted. We can not live in this world without influence telling one way or another, no matter bow insignificant we may be individually. It is not till the majority of women recognise their duties as citizens as well as mothers, and feel their responsibility that impurity and »in will shrink in the light of justice It is for such work that we wanted ttje vote to repeal unjust laws, to curb vice, to have tbe power as well as tbe wish to go for ward, not for any personal ambition, but lo work for truth and justice. I would like to say to each of our members let us all pray more then we have ever done. The more one eeei of tbe ovila surrounding us, the more I am convinced tbat we can do nothing without prayer. Qur weapons must not be carnal, but spiritual. We muat have the fallness of His love. To eacb sister 1 would eay ' pray,' and work. Do not try to work without prayer, or our work will not stand without it. We can a'l pray, thank God, no matter bow busy w- «re. So let u* e^ch go forth, com mencing' the new jear with a fuller con secration of ourselves, and all we are and have to Hjs Ijonqr and g|ory. W** cannot be all :ijjost!{i8. We can be ljviqg epistles. hat us ever ren.iein.lier the promise, '' Tbere' fore, I aiy uato you, wlj^t tilings saver ye desire; when ye pr«y believe that ye^ret ceive them, an-1 ye shall have them' — faith, lo»e. Prayer and work shall win. Let us pray as if there were no work, and work as if there were no prayer. Nothing eke cat conquer. ^' 'et u^ each a*l{ great things of Go i. Expect great things from Qod, and let Hin jnsl goodness nwke us jijstwrjt jn prater. \ mqst acljnowle.i/e the I{;inl()ossand oonsjlefatiou sLjown to me hy all ilj* dear sinters, and from the depths of a tender, grateful heart f would aslc ojir sisieis to lube bacjf to their unions greet ings, thank tl|em all profoundly for their precious wonjs of cheer and' sympathy which ?*'- miny of them have kindly sent me in my great so i row. Often have 1 askci mjs^lf ihe q-ies'.ion * how cau. I live with so many of my dear ones gone r' but am striving to praise God I have so many safely landed ; and bow gloriously is my beloved living now in our home in heaven. Yes, dear sisters, I am trying to be unsel fish enough to forget my own loss in thank fulness at my darling's promotion, and what I have looked on as loyalty to the departed, who are beyond my care, may be robbing the living who need my help. I have been so richly remembered that it has not been possible to reply by letter but each loving letter has been a source of comfort to me and reread mauy times, and I would bn glad for you to thank all- our dear sisters for their loving sympathy and prayers in mj behalf. Many of us and most of all, our dear leader, have bees gibbeted at the crossroad of public opinion, and all of us have been wounded by the arrows from the enemy's camp, and the harsh fire criticism from our own. 6ut let us live above all that, and use them as stepping stones in driving us Dearer to Jesus, and rejoice in an unfailing faith thankful to be counted worthy to suffer for Bis sake, for they cannot say worse of u« than they did of oar Lord and Master. So let us take heart and hope on and do as our noble leader, Miss Willard, says — ' Fling out our sails to happier breezes, and set out once again on our voyage of search after the happy laud of protected homes.' ' 'Onwaid 1 Upward ! Christian soldier, Turn not back nor eheath thy Eword ; Let its blade be sharp for conquest, In the battle for the Lord. From the great white throne eternal, God himself is looking down ; He it is who now commands thee, Take the cross and win the crown.' 