OR ' Given Up To Slaughter. In oldtn time die good old Vikings went around converting folk with a sword in one hand and a cross in the other, and the. formula which introduced their intentions was, * lie baptized, or given up to slaughter.' The railway meeting, held on Thursday night, was much upon the same principle. Forrest was to give us the grand junction, or we would slaughter him by 'separating.' The Mayor was inthe cha r, ^an/l looked as good as new. Vospei wis agitator in- chief. Cr. M c K f G r .rid Chamberla : n, or clumbcrm ii«i, or something of the sore. Anywjj he. was on deck with batde in his eye. Dr. Davey, the ornate, the polisht-d, the profound, the peerless Davey was also in attendance, as was also that oiher great and good tnau, Dr. Ellis. Dr. Deane was present, so that with so many .medicos on hand what else could he expected but a sick meeting. Lawytrs also abounded, and the triu who spoke made good .sp eches. Mr. (r. Harney supported the objects of the meeting, asserting, on rising, that lie ha'I not come prepared to make a spe» ch. yet strangely enough he had w.fcli liiui a carefully prepared oration whiidi h« delivered with consMerab'e skit! and fo.'ce. It was the speech of the evening. Mr. R. J. Haiv, from Hautians, was repeatedly called for, mid rose u\th th it modesty of demeanor so chiracteri-titi of the man. IIJ wuL-rl into the assembly and di se i ia iti d & few truths which were not »ppreciated by the conspirators. He did not support the Forrest parly, but he dropped gent e liiats like lilies f'al ing from a church stfteple, to the effe :t th it he did not consider the meeting anything more than an electioneering ilod^<!. Vesper, the gr^at patriot, d -mocrat, friend of the people, champion of liberty, defender of the faith, geologist, mining expert, water wiz.ml, orator, politician, journalist, law reformer, tlia Mahomet of the West, whose Mecca is Parliament, lifte.i his beautiful facp -e 'shrined Murat like in a lky flowing curls, which in peace han<* like carressings lound his kin jly brow, and in war stream behind him like pennons in the charge, and lie t «o stated that he had not attended with the intention of speaking, as if Vosper could att nd his o>vn funeral without a word on current events. Nearly all the orators worked tLe cheap advertising dodge; they talked but tliey said nothing, except an old grey-headed horny handed workman, who dressed his thoughts in homely language and ennobled his .utterances, rugged as they were, with the sincerity boru of honest conviction. The Hon. Howard Tavlor sat with easy grace upon a rai', and is evidently not a huntsman though he did not wear the livery of a Forrester. Separation was hinted at by almost every speaker. Separation was the white shirt they intended to "hang on the dummy ghost with which they ho ed to frighten Forrest. Yet in every man's mind there linked a suspicion that the whole thing was a farce, The men who were handling tho guns did not mean to use them in earnest. The same men had raised the separation standard before and had pulled it down at a nod from John o' Perth, and we fear that they will do so again. They are not the men for a great crisis or a great cause, for the brand of the beast Is upon them The preliminary announcement of the Eight Hours Committee of a demonstration, sports, and ball on October 21 appears elsewhere. In our advertising columns Messrs. A. Bunsell aiid Co. announce various improvements to their commodious premises in Bayley-street, a ladies' fitting-room being the latest addition. The firm employs a large number of first-classhands, and all order and repairing work entrusted to . them is turned out quickly and well An summer goods is ribW^OTii^ opfenibd arid inspection is 