Kifigswood Chaco, He proceeded to read in a low tone, quivering With excitement, as follows: 'I, Baron Erle of Kingswood, do here make confession of my most dreadful deed of guilt, My cousin, Lady Maud, of Bright slowe, deprived of both parents by the in roads of murderers and plunderers acting under warrants falsely purporting to hcbe signed by Henry VIII, of that day king, was brought up within shb Hall of Kingswood, a charge left to toy father and to my mother, to cherish and protect. WVe were reared as brother and sisttr, and then it seemed that between us much affection did not exist. But when I sprang towards manhood I found that her exceeding beauty had won my heart in spite of her cold reserve. I was, perhaps, not fitted to play the soft wooer in a lady's chamber,for the wild sports of the chace were with me a passion; but I loved her. She who had been frank with me in childhood was coy when I appeared, or sought pretexts to evade my presence. I tried then to draw her attention to my love by garlanding her favourite white fawn with thIe fairest flowrers I could gather. One eve I found her in a coppice.with her fawn; she was caressing it, and she kissed the flowers I had placed arrund its neck. I broke through the thicket and t.raw'inmsell at her feet. I told my love and aflter 1 bad passionately urged ner to return my love she impinted a kis'upon my forehiead, and I called her my own. She was not mj own; at least another claimed her. Walter Avon, Black Wa'ter of IHIwkesbury, darid to lift his accursed eyes to hier, to seek her, to pour lying words in her ear against me. Bo that when she met mrue she would turn pale antl weep, would shrink front my ernbrace, and too often gaze reproachfully at me I did not then understand the cause. It'was enplained to mre by a fllower of Black \VWalter's, who averred that the Lady Maul --:poatlest as the untroddien snow metWIVlter Av n in the Chace and wandered with him" there. He told me further of an assignation they had. made to meet at sunset in the hunting lodge, at that time without a tenant, for I had begun to lose my taste for sporti"a'd preferred wandering alone in the thickbnes of the wood. When I heard the ruffian' sstaterrent dark thoughts stirred within me. -I resolved to attend the assignation too. I swore to myself that if I found the story true I wotild slay her, and back him limb from limb. As I approached the thicket leading' to the lodge I fancied I beard a woman's scream; but a bird flew away from a free aboie my bead, screeching as it went. I.tho'ught no more of the scream, but my practised eye caught sight of something mioving" towards the end of the thicket. I rin onwards at the top of niy speed, breath less I reached the lodge, and found the door open. I heard a heavy step ascending the stone staircase, and I sprang up the steps. I entered a room, and saw, seated on a chair, Walter Avon with Lady Maud in his arms. Her -face lay reclining upon his shoulder; blood mounted to my brain, ran into my eyes, through thy veins into my bands; Like lightning I unsheathed my sword-Oh God I -I buried it to the hilt in her body I As I drew it out, ensanguined with her blood, he leaped to his feet. I caught Maud -dead ! in m'y arms, and made a deadly blow at him, but only. gashed his face. He drew a dagger and retreated to.the door. I followed him, striking at him as hie leaped rather than de scended' the stairs. T hn he turned and fled. I ,foll'swed him, but, encumbered with the bleeding body of Maud, I could not keep pace wnih him and he escaped. I turned into a glad.; I laid thie lifeless body on the grass; I bound up the ghastly wound, and wbile in the act of lifting her, a monk from the Abbey of Kingswood stayed my hand. 'Who has done this murder,' he said, sternly and fiercely. "If it be murder, then the act is mine,' I answered, angrily, for I liked not the bitter expreSsion oh bis face. 'Cain l' he cried, pointing to her pale face, ' she is thy near kith. *'I raised my fist asd felled him to the earhtb. He rose, blood rushing from his moulir, and levelling his finger at me, cried ,''Accursed I The brand of Cain be on thy brow apd upon tbine hand. Thou shalt not rest on esrth nor after death, thou nor thine, nor those to come after thee, until one bear ing thy name shall mingle his blood awith hers who now hIes bleeding there. And so shall ddomsday corne ere one of thy now accursed race shall lift the doom you have callkd down tpon them and their heirs for ever I' SI-e fled from me or I should have slain liim . But hIis words lay heavy upon my soul. I raised the body of Maud and bore her by a secret passage into tse chamber 'adjbioir. the library, and laid her upon the 'bed. All ithat night Itried to restore ber to life, but in vain. Then troubled thoughts of 'my fate, if charged with her murder, hat ned iei; and in much agasy of mind I cast about what to do with the body. At length I bethbught me of a chest which had been cent to ine from across thie sea, of cunning device in respect to its locks. It stocd within the library. Within that chest I placed the remains of Lady Maud, and l.cked it; the kry I place in the ebony box with thlis, manuscript. Years have passed since 'that dreadful time. Black Walter disappeared after that night of horror, no one knew whither; but I learned after his de. parture that I had been deceived; that he had taken steps to poison the mind of beloved -Maud against me, and that he had, on the fearful night an which I slew her, inveigled her to the wood. On meeting her there, he, upon her refusal to speak to him, seized, her with the intention of carrying her off; she fainted.; he fled with her m his arms; I pursued. What follows I have recited. I have kept my dreadful secret. I dare reveal it in no other fashion than this, for I have a beloved boy, upon whose name I would not cast taint. The loss of Lady Maud at the time caused great consternation, but as I conducted the search for her, no tidings were obtained respecting her. The monk perished miserably, having been set on.by a i mob of peasantry, and, for fught I know, re vealed not what he saw that night. I have caused a statue to be made to the memory :of Lady Maud. It bears the date of her death, and I have appended to it the words, .'The Unavenged'-foraemuch as Black Walter hitherto hath escaped my vengeance. But he has returned to his home, he hath set rumours afloat concerning my crime, and I go to meet him in mortal combat. Should I fa!l I shall leave a Kingswood to draw atbonement for Lady Maud from the blood of an:Avon. For until a Kingswood shall ho!d the life of an Avon within his grasp, so long will Lady Maud remain unavenged, so long the doom rest on the House of Kingseood; I testify to the truth of what I have written. May God assoil my soul I ' Erle, Baron of Kingswood., There the document ended. Erle drew a long, deep breath, and rose up, and gazed on the sweet face of the statue. A tear sprang intd his eye. Pengreep whispered in his ear 'Erle, Baron of Kingswood, fell by the hand of Walter Avon. So has it been down to the father of l.ord Kingswood, who, it is whispered, met his death foully at the hands of the late Sir Philip Avon.' 'So shall it be no longer, I swear,' cried Erle, with intense emotion, ' I have had the life of Philip Avon quivering on the point of my sword and fluttering round my bullet; I, a Kingswood, have drawn the blood of an Avon, and Lady Maud,. the Unaveoged, I will avenge you ' ' Come, come let us examine the chest,' cried Pengreep, with trembling lip, the secret is not yet all revealed.' Erle, highl-wrouglht by what he had read, found hisi hand tremble so he could scarcely turn the key in the lock. He well remem bered the secret spot wherein to insert it. Tl'he sharp, sudden click with which the bolt shot back into the lock made them both start. A solemn, deathlike stillness ensued. Erle silently pointed to the chest, and both exerting their strength, lifted up the lid. The hinges iave forth a harsh grating noise as they raised it, and it fell back against the wall. With hearts beating with violence, they paused and listened, but thire same death-like stillness reigned as befttre; there appeared no sign of interruption from the household. Erle raised up the lamp, and they both cast their eyes within the chest. Tiere, coiled up, muffled as it were in a cloud of silk, which seemed to shrink into dust as they gazed upon it, lay a skeleton; a glittering gemnt sparkled upon the neck, and j;wcls and pearls gleamed upon the wrist A groan burst Irom the lips 6f Erle as he beheld the ghastly object crouching where it hIad been thrust on the night of the cruel m·rder-laying where it had been deposited, without moving or being moved, for three hundred' years. ''lhe Ladye Maud,' be murmured, in a deep and solemn undertone, 'l The Unavenged avenged,' exclaimed old Penereep. . * Not yet,' said Erie, with knitted brows' s The dawn has come,' rejined Pengreep. 'A e, and it shall be day ere long,'said erle, with bitter ermphlasts. 'li Holy Heaven l Pengreep ejaculated, in eccents of terror. £ Who cmes here ?' He pointed down the library. Swiftly ap proaching them was a figure clothed in white. Erile pressed his hand upon his heart to keep down its wild throbbing. . ' The Lady Maud St. Cliir I he exclaimed in scarcely audible tones.. CHAPTER LXXIX. IT was indeed the form of Lady Maud which approached the spot where Erle and Pengreep stood. She was habited in.the same dress as she had worn when first Erle met her in this ancient chamber. It was as though on this occasion she had donned it with some fixed motive. Erle had but time to motion Pengreep to retire into the deep shadow of a recess when she reached his side. He looked upon her pallid face, and his heart sank within him. He long hair was dishevelled and hung about her shoulders in wild dis:rder. Her eyes were glassy and rigid, and he ye ceived that she was once more under the influence of a fit of somnam. butism. She paused as she reached the chest and her lips moved tremulously, but be could not gather from her imperfect articulation a single word. She appeared to be conscious of the presence of some being, but not of his for she turned her head slowly, as though she followed stm moving object, until her face was presented to the antique chest. Then her eyes slowly turned until they rested on the space above the huge trunk, and there they remained fixed until a radiant smile lit up her face. Then she stretched out her hand towards Erie. Intuitively he took it--how, icy cold it was. Her thin fingers clutched his, and she bent herface towards him. ' Kneel,' she whispered, sinking at the same moment slowly upon her knees. * As instinctively as be had taken her hand he bhnt. his knee and knelt beside her, and raised his eyes to the place upon which hers were fixed. Whether he saw aught not usually disclosed to human eyes he never afterwards mentioned but no soonter had his gaze fastenedupon the spot to which hers were turned than the pupils of his eyes dilated, his face grew white as Lady Mauo's, large drops of perspiration stood upon his forehead, iid his lips trembled violently. A feeble cry'burst frodni him, and for an instant he looked as if-he would fall in a swoon. But Lady Maud trembled, too, like an aspen and lhe drew closer to hin, until she rested against his shoulder. He placed-his arm tenderly about her waist to support her, and he turned his eyes from the spot on which he had been g'zitg uponhers. The same smile of felicity curved her lips, and seemingly in an ecstasy of happiness, she murmured 'Thine ! thine alone, and I:fr ever 1' He bowed his head low; it may have been to conceal the emotions which struggled in his bosom, it may have been to receive some invisible benediction. A plaintive, tremulous voice :ascending from behind him, chanted in sweet tones "By God's holy graes the heir of the race, The wronged to right, ' His own to regain, In sorrow and pain, Has fought the light, And has solved the Wonder of Kingswood Chaes." At this moment a shriek anig through the chamber. Erle burriedly cast his eyes up to one who stood with extended arms stretched over him, looking sprctral, as of an age long past. It was E'!dra. SBut it was no: she who shrieked. Erle caught a glimpse ofa dark object flitting past him, but he felt the form of Lady Maud quivering and he turned lsis eyes upon her face. Suddenly she looked at him with a won dering expression, full in.the eyes. 'Is this not a dream ?' she murmured. 'No--no, beloved,' be whispered, drawing her close to his heart. 'Then it is death I' she ejaculated, and relapsed into a state of insensibility. Erle rose up with the inanimate form of Maud in his arms. ' Shall I not call for hIelp ?' he cried, as much in soliloquy as that he addreseed any one near to him. 'Be calm, it is at band. See,' said Eldra, in a low tone, as she pointed to one who approached them. The shriek, although it .had made Erle's blood run cold, had no unearthly origin. It had been uttered by Lady Maua's maid, Harebell, ivwho, waking while in her lady's chamber, caught a glimpse of her mistress gliding Ifrom it. Hurriedly attiring herself she tollowed her, and entered the library to see her kneeling, with her hand clasped in his, by the side of one she supposed to have been murdered, and whose apparition she firmly believed she now saw. She fell back on the floor in a swoon, and Pengreep rushed to her assistance. He raised her and broiught her in his arms to where Elre and Eldra stood. Erle laid Maud's pale, inanimate face up-n his shoulder, and folded his arms around her as it to shield her from all possible harm, while old Pengreep produced from a pocket a small phial, with some of the contents of which he moistened the temples and nostrils of Harebell. The effects appeared magical. Harebell opened her eyes, and gazed about her with a frightened expression. When she was made to comprehend that Erlehad not been murdered; that he was not dead; that it was be himself, real flesh and blood, who stood before her, she burst into tears of unfeigned joy. 'The Lord is bountiful,' she sobbed; * He is merciful, He is good. We shall save-Lady Maud's life now.' 'Not if we Irkeep her here,' said Erle urgeintly. ' Guide me to her apartments. I will bear her thither, and resign her to your charge the moment that we reach them. Her ladyship has wandered in her sleep. Your sudden shriek aroused her; her eyes, on opening, lighted on my face; she recognised it, and the sudden shock of meeting me thus has thrown her into a swoon.' Harebell saw the necessity of restoring Lady Maud to her chamber, and said, hurriedly SBe pleased to follow me, sir; and obh, if you please, don't make a noise to alarm the household, or the consequences will be awful.' Erle raised Maud tenderly in his arms and bore his precious burden until he reached the door of her apartment, when he consigned her to the arms of Harebell. The door shut her from his.sight, and be turned and retraced his steps to the library. When he re-entered it he beheld Pengreep and Eldra standing like grim sentinels each side by side of the ancient black oak chest, Motioning to old Pengreep to assist him, he applied his hands to the lid of the chest rtestored it to its original condition, and then locked it, taking possession of the key. Then be whispered to Pengreep 'Come, let us away. I must seek Lord Kingssood.' Before Pengreep could reply, he moved to depart ; the latter, however, stayed him. 'I do not object to your seeking Lord Kingsowood; he said. 'It will Be needful that you should do so; however, it will be imperative upon you, as a first step to your success, that you should assemble the servants of the household, and proclaim to them your name, tank, and rightful claim as heir.at-law to Lord Kingswood.' Erle, with a slight gesture of assent, moved towards the secret door by which they had gained admittance to the library. Eldra, however, stayed him. 'It will be better that you should for to night return to the hunting-lodge,' she said. 'You may then enter Klogswood .Hall, in order to asert your right, in the open light of day.' As she ceased speaking, she moved towards the chest, and near to its side she touched a spring; a door, fitting so closely into the wall that its existence was not apparent, involved inwards, and revealed a flight of steps, a torch flamed within, and Eldra, seizing it from where its pointed end was stuck into the ground, led the way from the library. The way beneath the Chace was longand devious, but at length they emerged within the old lodge, and Eldra conducted them into the room above, in which rested the por trait of Erle, Baron of Kingswood. Within it, rising up from the floor like a wild beast from its lair, they beheld. Tubal Kish. He passed his hand across his bloodshot eyes as though he was only just aroused from a heavy sleep, and then they lighted upon the white face of Erle. He uttered a low growl, more of terror than of rage, and staggered back against the wall. 'Who be'est thee?' he murmured, not heeding'the presenice of Eldra and Pengreep. 'Art spectre o' race, or be'est the pEantom o' young squire? One or tother thee be'est, I know, vor the baron who wanders in-Chace be dead ages agone, aud Philip Avon shot tother wi' his own han'. I saw un' do't. Ghost as' you be, why do you seek I. What dost want to torture I vor ?' 'I am no spectre,' said Erle, s:ernly. 'But I am acquainted with some of your misdoings for which you may expect a fitting punish ment from my hands. Aye, you and your scoundrel colleague-' ' Hush I' interposed old Pengreep, eagerly. 'To make an enemy of this man ts folly, to treat him in a friendly spirit will be wise. You know not his origin. When you do it may alter your views concerning:himn, and his testimony against Philip Avon will be most valuable. The law treats an attempt at murder with grim severity, and no gentleman would dream of going out with a fellow who endeavoured to assassinate him.' 'Aye,' exclaimed Eldra, raising her:hands, and chanting her incantations " For though hlis lifo he sparo, Shall thrust a vonom'd dart Deep in his serpent heart; Soul slai,, yet not to die, Shall bo his destiny. Tie Kingawood who does this Will win a oath to blites. 'Then be beant a ghost?' muttered Tubal Kibh. 'No,' said Pengreep; but a living creature as you are, and like, too, to prove a friend to you.' 'A doarn't want his vriendship,' he cried. SHe gi' me contents o' his gun.barrel, an' he broke stock ov it on my head, an' I hate 'un, an'. my knife shall do its work better than Philip Avon's bullet, I know." 'Silence, wretch I' exclaimed Eldra, in a fierce tone She advanced to Tubal, and whispered for a minute in his ear; the fellow started as he listened to her and gazed at Erle with extended eyes; then he, with a more respectful manner, moved slowly out of the room. 'You spoke of his origin,' said Erle, ad. dressing Pengreep. 'From whence does he spring ?! 'One of the nmany deeds of shame and wrong which clung like a pestilent disease to those who bear the -name of Kingswood is connected with the origin of yon unfortunate wretch,' he answeed,.- with a shrug of the shoulders. 'His mother was the daughter of a farmer named Kish; his father, the late Lord Kingsewood. The disgrace of the unhappy girl being discovered, she was thrust forth from her home. She gave birth to the chlild in this lodge, but she survived the ignominy but a few months. She found a gravein a pool in the Chace, and her miserable offspring has since lived a vagrant Itfe in the Cbace. He clings, therefore, to this place as an animal to the spot iu which it is reared, submissive, however, to no law or to no reason, save such as Eldra chooses sto iml.ose upon him. He will be a most im?. portant witness in your favour, not only as against Philip Avon, but as to the establish ment of your identity; it will be well, therefore, to conciliate rather than to treat him with harshness.' 'There is'the blood of a Kingswood in his veins,' subjoined Eldra, 'althlough it be not what the Church sanctions or the law allows. Erle of Kingswood will scarcely fail to treat him with consideration.' His history commands my sympathy,' returned Erie, in a somewhat faint voice; 'the circumstances past are not likely to be repeated, and he has little to fear from want of kindly treatment on my part.'. ' The couch which has already offered you rest is still at your service,' observed Eldra, eying him earnestly. 'You will do well to seek it.' ' Aye,' exclaimed Pcngreep, 'you will need rest, BIe advised-secure it.' In truth he did need it. Sa recently arisen from a sick bed, his strength was not equal to the occasions which tasked it. 