THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. The grandest pageants of the century are now in progress at Moscow, the Holy City of the llussians. Lavish magnificence has always characterized the policy of the Czars at coronation times : but never before has so huge a sum as fifty million roubles been devoted to the purposes of conducting the ceremonials, entertain ing the visitors, and feasting the people. On Thursday tho triumphal entry of the Czar took place, and. as our telegrams have announced, he rode alone on a white charger, followed by tlio Czarina and :i cavalcade of European and Oriental Princes, while 200,000 soldier? lined the streets. The spectacle of that gorgeous cavalcade, passing alongthewide thorough fare of tho Tverskaia, is one which will dwell long in the mind of many a Kussian peasant and bo spoken about as the greatest national event of his life time. Along the boulevards, with their magnificent avenues of trees, the apparently interminable procession moved t:uvr.rd.s tha great Kremlin Hill, risim; .so boldly from the banks of the I liver Jlnskva, and commanding at tention from every part of the city, in the very midst of which stands as a huge ?watehtover the very embodiment, to the imagination of the patriotic 'Russian, of the greatness of the empire and of its vast strength find stability. The Palace ?if tho Kremlin is not merely n p.ilace, but a stately group of buildings all nf which possess for the inhabitants of Moscow the most intimate associations with the history of their ancient city. Above the glittering domes and spires fly countless flocks of pigeons, wheeling and edding continually and at times almost darkening the eky with their flight. No Muscovite will ever lay ruthless hands upon one of these, for the bird stands to him as the emblem of tho Holy Ghost. Traversing tho belts of trees, over which frown the walls, pixty feet in height, tho Imperial pro cession climbed the slope lo Ihe Spass Vorata, or Great Gate, overshadow ing that much- venerated and mys terious picture , of the Saviour, before which ? every knee must bow and every head must be un covered It is always in the Cathedral of the Assumption, within the famous walls of the Kremlin, that the Czar and his consort are crowned. There, in the midst cf tho gorgeous magnificence and overloaded grandeur of thafc wonderful specimen of interior architecture, the crowns will to-day be placod upon the heads of Nicolas II. and Alexandra Feodorovna with all the solemnity and pomp by which the hierarchy of the Greek Church have been wont to inspire the people with awe and devotion. At tho invitation of the Emperor of all the Eussias thirty Princes of reigning dynasties from various parts of the world, together with almost numberless Am bassadors and other representatives, are now assembled at Moscow in honour to the occasion. From far distant China comes the chief Minister of that ancient Empire, which in its recentgreat extremity A'as glad to receive the guarantee of Russia for a loan of sixteen millions sterling wherewith to pay the demands of victo rious Japan. Upon him, no doubt, the greatness and magnificence of the Russian Empire will be impressed in a way that will force him to communicate his feelings to his own people. England has sent at least one son of the Queen, .ind the coincidence to which v.'o have alraidy called attention that the time of the coronation is only two days subsequent to the seventy-seventh anni versary of Her Majesty's birthday, will not escape notice in the mutual felicita tions. From Germany and Austria Hungary various scions of the royal families are also present, exchanging formal courtesies with their formidable neighbour, and no doubt noting, with a certain amount of suppressed com ment., the effusively warm welcome accorded to the French Ambassador and special envo3Ts. What a contrast is pre sented by this visit of the French in 1896 and that which took place in 1812, after the great battle of Borodino, when the people . of Moscow set fire to their city rather than allow it to fall into the hands of that inexorable master cf Europe, the great Napoleon ! Through the agency of her rigorous winter Russia then had her revenge upon France, and 850 cannons taken from the Grand Army are still preserved within tho walls of the Kremlin in commemoration of the downfall of Russia's terrible foe. Doubtless the French Ambassador and his suite will be carefully kept from coming in contact with such inconvenient rominders of a time when the French and the Russians entertained anything but a cordial feeling towards one another. The French Legislature, anxious to dis play its loyalty to its ally, has voted £38,000 to defray the expenses of the Embassy during the ceremonies, and in Paris itself illuminations and popular re joicings are to be tho order of the day. On the occasion of the last coronation the Em peror and Empress were received at St. Petersburg by the German Ambassador. The French Ambassador happens now to be the doyen of the diplomatic corps, and he has had the honour on behalf of his colleagues of welcoming the Imperial couple. Among the functions to which the Emperor will be invited is a ball, to be given by the representatives of the Republic at the Shoremetioff Palace, for which 2,000 invitations havo been issued. Tho French people never do anything of this sort by halves, and provision was made for the entry into Moscow of the two Ambassadors in a stylo befitting tho time. Two palaces have been hired for their accommodation, and every accessory that pomp and glitter can supply has been provided to mark their presence and to accentuate the cordial relations subsisting between thuir Government and Russia.. The future of the monarch who is being inducted into his Imperial chair with fluch magnificence o£ ceremonial is sur charged, with difficulties. He has to perform tho formidable task imposed upon him by his nobility and by the iron bnund traditions which beset his office of governing a fairly enlightened European nation by methods appropriate rather to the mediaeval ages than to the present times. His answer to the deputation which waited on him at the Winter Palace after his accession and requested to know how he regarded the matter of constitu tional reform loft no doubt whatever that he is determined to unflinchingly uphold the absolute autocracy of his position. Similarly tho way in which he last year rejected tho petition from the journalists of his Empire in favour of some small modicum of freedom for tho Press indicated that he will try to stamp out as resolutely as his predecessors have done not only all revolutionary sentiment, but also all freedom of public utterance. Yet no one can doubt that, in so far as lies in his power, he has the welfare of his people at heart, and all his efforts in the direc tion of ameliorating their condition will be warmly secondod by the Czarina, a princess whose sterling character and strong sense of duty wore strikingly exhibited when she refused, on her ad mission to the Greek Church, to follow tho senseless custom of formally cursing the faith of the Church -which she had left. Ceaseless effort for the wellfare of the Rufisian people is now the motive of her life, and she is ss,iS to be constantly impressing upon her Imperial husband a due recognition of the obligations of his high office. Doubtless it is in part owing to her influence that the great ceremony nf the coronation is to bo signalized by the granting of an amnesty to thousands of politicril prisoners and by the abolition of the useof the knout. But tho enemies - -f the Imperial pair lie continually in wait for their destruction, and, indeed, even in such festivities as those now in progress the . implacable avengers can find a text to their hands for denouncing the extravagance of Imperial rule and contrasting it with the poverty and sufferings of multitudes of the Rus sian people. Blind with the fury of their pent-up thoughts on this, to them, maddening topic, the Nihilists seem to be still impressed with tbo strange idea that if they am only kill another Czar with dynamite they will bring about constitutional reform. Iieuwj the fiendish attempt to prepare a mine for explosion underneath the route to bo fixed for the procsssion. But. the vast majority of the Russians shudder with horror at such manifestations of murderous designs. They still look upon the Czar jis their Imperial father, the head of their Church on earth, and their ruler and leader in civil and military govern ment. In honouring his assumption of the Crown of Peter the Great thoy believe that thoy are giving assurance of the main tenance of the glory of the nation and attesting to the world its power and its greatness. A Wheel ok Misfortune. — To be sus pended in hanging carriages afc :i height of between two and three hundred feet from the ground for sixteen hours cannot be looked upon as an altogether exhilarating or reassuring experience. The seventy three passengers by the famous Ferris Wheel at the Earl's Court Exhibition who underwent this ordeal must have felt that thoy would have been satis fied with a good deal less for their money. The police in London sometimes place on record casos in which homeless tramps have taken tickets by the underground trains, and, having made themselves com fortable, have remained in the carriages hour after hour for the whole of the day, going round and round in a circle in order to get the full value for the penny or twopence which their tickets originally cost them. There is a lack of excitement about a day's outing of this sort which renders it scarcely so alluring to the pleasure seeker's imagination as the delights of whirling round at a prodigious height above tcrro, Jirma. But the advantage of having sixteen hours in the air for only one fare is necessarily largely dis counted by the knowledge that an accident has happened to the machinery, and by the feeling that a catastrophe duo to the mishap may be imminent. It is not improbablo that tho check which the big wheel received last week may materially interfere with the popularity of this par ticular attraction ac Earl's Court. Since the Wiid West Show of 18S7 the pleasure resort in this part of Lou don has become perhaps the most popular summer garden of London, and tho intro duction of each surprising novelty that is brought out in America has become one of the principal aims of the proprietary Company. Buffalo Bill held the attention of the public for a time, but, when the mimic show of Western life on the prairie became stale, and it was necessary to im port something fresh from the other side of tho ' Millpond, ' the idea of imitating the big wheel erected at the Chicago World's Fair by Mr. G. W. G. Ferris naturally suggested itself. This stupen dous erection was rightly characterized as the biggest toy on earth. When the American peoplo were bent on eclipsing the Eiffel Tower by some structure which should attain to an altitude of perhaps 1,500 ft, Mr. Ferris came forward and suggested a wheel instead, and his idea was eagerly taken up. JJo drew out the plans, got up his Company, and made the thing a great success. The wheel presents a wonderful combination of steel girders and rods moving around a massive axle, and the carriages, in which the passengers sit, are so suspended that they maintain their erect position no matter at what stage of its revo lution tho wheel may bo. On starting on the upward journuy tho persons seated in. these carnages often find -the motion quite imperceptible, and only become aware that they aro rising by the gradual unfolding of the panorama when they look out of the windows. From tho full elevation attained, which is nearly twice that of the Adelaide Town Hail tower, the view is really magnificent, em bracing as it. does Chelsea in the eastern foreground, with Westminster ' and the City beyond, and the shining river and suburbs to the south. But it is possible to havo too much of a good thing, and ho, no doubt, thought tlio passengers who spent rixtcen hours on the Ferris Wheel afc Earl's Court. Vickreral.— His ExcpHoney the Governor held the usual levee iu honour of tho Quocsn's Birthday on Monday morning, and in the afternoon attended tho A.lCC. Meeting. In tho evening his lUxivllonny unturtaincu »t dinner seventy-four guests, including ILis Honor tho Chief Justk-o; tho Premier, U-m. C. C. Kingston; the Chief Secreran, ilr.n. J. V. O'Loghlin ; tho Tre;iaurcr, lion. F. '\V. Holder; the -Minister of Education, JJou. Dr. Cockburn; thu Speaker, Sir Jenkin Coles; the Chairman of Committees, Hon. A. Call ; Sir E. T. Smith, Si.- Charles Todil, tin- Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. C. Tucker, ihe Military Commandant, Colonel Gordon, and th..: Xava! Commandant, Captain Croswell. Arrival or the English Mail.— lluami- ftil weather marked the arrival of the Orii-nt LineR.M.S. Orotava, on Monday. Thestoain;.-r passed Capo Iiordaat 6.50 a.m., and after a r;:n of ovor Eovon hours anchored iu a capital berth at five minutes past 2 iu the afternoon. Tho trip was a splendid --no throughout. There wen: forty-five passongors for Adelaide, of whom twenty -throB canio from Albany. The members of Mcsbra. Stevens, Basse, and Howells's English Concert Company— Hiss Tlmdichiim, Miss Marian MeKenzio, .Mr. Edward Br.inscornbo, and Mr. Douglas l'owull —were among tho passengers for Adclaidi;. and weru met on arrival by Mr. Howells, who welcomed the artistes to Australia. Among the passengers from Albany wore Mossio. Y. L. Solomrm, M.P., who hasten on a .sliori visit to the. wastern colony, and E. II. Hallacl: and O. M. Baxter, of the Baxter Prospect ing Syndicate, and Mrs. Kniijht, or Adelaide. The Hon. S. A. Stephen, a brother of Sir. Justice Stephen, of Now South Wales, was a passenger to Sydney, while another noted passenger for the same port was Professor G. Forbes, the originator of the genome for utilizing tho waters of Niagara Falls. Profesror Forbes is on pleusurobrnc, and will probably make- a tour of all tho colonies. The Front?, Family of acrobats, who are under engagement to Mr. Harry Kickard;-. will disembark at Melbourne. Altogether there wr-ra twenty- five pa'sangors in tho? saloon for Melbourne and Sydney, and W'.\ in otlit.-r cias=eE. Thu Adelaide mails wore placed on board a special tender six minutes after t\u-. steamer had been boarck-d, ami within an hour of the- time of anchoring thu iutornolonial inr.iis were on thfir way to the pit-r, vvnera a &p;:;r.ial train was in roadiness to transfer them to the Melbourne express. The mail officials aro to bo complimented upon tho manner in which the work was performed. The Mail Steamers.— ileproaentatives of three of tho great European Powers were at tho anchorage on Monday, and during thu morning four of the big oeoari gri.-yiidiiacis were anchored within hailing dii ranee of nni; another. The Orient, of the Orient Liw, arrived from Mulhouma boaic.vard bound r.s half-last S, and joined the Villa d-: la Ciotat and 1'olyncsien, of tho Mesr-au'onai _M:iriti:nus Line, and the Oldenburg, of the Norrl]-Ocrnn:n Lloyd Company. She. had ten passenger* on board for Adelaide and 1S3 en rovlr, wiiilo her cargo space was well filled with miscellaneous produce. Tim Villc de la Ciotat reached the Semaphore shortly after :nidnight on Sunday, and had such expeditious dispatch that kIio was able to leave for Marseilles at midday. Shu broujhr. three p&fcscjiigers; for Adelaide, six for Albany, four Chinese for China, and 155 passengers for other ports. Professor and Mrs. Hake, of Melbourne, were among the piu-seneer? for Europe. The J'olynosien and Oldenburg resumed their voyages to Mel bourne at 1 1 o'clock, and were well down tin? Gulf whea tlis Orient liner Orottva was sighted. Th-.- ut'wuonKT anchored in a:i excel lent barth cluse to thu Oi.-i.-aii steamers' b:ioy at tive minutes past ?'!. Tho weather during the day was beautifully fi:iL-, ;uid passengers natu rally took advantage of tho favourable condi tions to go ashore. A largo number of visitors wentoff to the various steamers during the day. 