THE WIDE WORLD \- - I observe that some external critics were anxious to know what Bills I should explain to you on the present occasion (said Lord Salisbury in a speech at Brighton). I am afraid I must refer to a very ancient story, viz., the story of King Henry IV. When he asked a Mayor for the keys, the Mayor said he had eighteen reasons for not giving them; the first was that he had got no keys, upon which the King said he might dispense with the other seven ten reasons. That Is precisely my con dition; I have got no bills. It is very early in the season; we are engaged In the manufacture; I have not seen even the raw article yet-(laughter)-and you know that the finished product often differs considerably from the raw article (Hear, hear.) Therefore, I should be excedingly rash if I attempted to pos sess you with any Bills. Sir Michael Ilclks-Bench, the Chan cellor of the Exchlequser, las a?nooune ed (says our London correspondent) that it is not his intention to propose a tax on eycles inl his next budget. MIlnly mninds have been rellired by the alu nouncement, and the supporters of the (Governm?ent alas breaithie nmore freely, as nothillng would iring them luto 1110o'e iunpleasant relations with .-~:io. great bulk of their constioueiut thainla vote cast in favor of a cycle tax. .?ltRobert Towns prolosedl a tax on natchlles Seni clent to kill one Government, it is not difficult to prophesy the fate of the 1inistry that would alienate and siend into opilosition the great nli?y of cy clists. Allnd yet there are two classes of cyclists who might ie very leglti nlately subljected to tltxalion. They ire the reckless street-se.,rvllers urlli the adtel'tisicgl pe,llliss. ite' fr'reert are niit inukniuiinL at hio Antipodes, ont I nSll nt p:uitres tha-lt biteylists wiith shop anud !ill advertisements betweenor their wheels. hatlveo sfir mntie their tpplea'r:c it the stleer.i of Ielbourinle. Wihact ha:s betcome of Plonuor, the erst ah.l cih:illiiou Ati- tralian slogger. aid the only cololial who has sot far sllu re!iled il snlsshing lthe cslok at Lords ? The nideloriy of the big Victorlhui hitter was revived isays our Loundn eorres lonulent) on Sa;tuiday elening at a din ntr of thei .Johnson Club lu Fleet street. MIr Augusiitine irrell, Q.C., 31.1'., told a very .aunnsis;' anecdote. He said that ]litluOr, when in LouIdin, oucl attelndeder if thener of Johnson Chill. bill he had not the ghost' of anit idea who Dr. Jolhnson was, and lie confidentially assured Mr ilirreli that the vast miajority of Atustrallans b.lared his ignorance in thli. alatter--n statement that is ierttaialy not strict gospel. However, when the dinner was over and ithe big hitter hail absorbed all the slpeeches in favor of theis great lexicographer. lihe rose. and assui:d the company that if he had not benu GIeorge Bonlor, the Australian cricket er, hle would like to have been Dr. Sltninel Johnson. Now, what does lionnor say to this little fairy taitle ? Tlhe fidelity with which the British captlin sticks to his ship ii+ the hour of peril, and never thinks of his own safety until everybody else is out of danger has become almost as familiar as a proverb, ind it is very rare in t'deed (says our London correspondent) that a IBritish skipper is guilty of con duct the very reverse of this. But a shocking case of a cowardly and tral torous captain has been-before the courts this week. The vessel Why Not was found to be on fire off.the coast of France, and Captain Wilkinson, in stead of heroically sticking to his post, Jumttpel into the only availalle bat and, together with the mate and sev eral sailors, pulled away leaving the nnfortunate passengers to their fate. They somehow luckily managed to keep the flames under, and naxigate the Ship into a neighboring port. The chic ken- hearted captain, a disgrace to his irofession, has 'been sentenced to six months' iniprisonment, which Is cer tainly a very light punlishmenit under the-etrCumnst5acnlttte'gut-tir with two months In connection with thelklst Hospital Sunday in London, the "Lancet" pub lished some valuable statistics concern. ing the Metropolitan Hospitals. From these it appeared ethat the number of patients adnitted into all the London general hospitals during the previous year was 52,080, of whom' 15,474 were relieved, 28,320 were cured, and 44900 died. 'he average death rate was 8.0 per cent. An interesting fact smen ltoned was, that the Hospitals which showed ,the highest percentage of cures, and the lowest percentage of deaths was tile London Temperance Hospital, which deals with all kinds of diseases, accidents, and surgical cases, tnd where alcohol Is used at all only as a drug lu its pure form. The death rate in this Institution was - only 5.0 per cent. There was a good deal of discussion last month at Derby among the leading owners about the newly published For feit List, and the appearance therein of the name of Lord Calthorpe, who is down for £385 15s. Lord Calthorpe was for thirty years a prominent member of the Jockey Club, and he raced on a large scale with great successs, to which it must be added that he was a man of immense wealth, and that his breeding and racing studs were sold at New market two years ago, after his death, for upwads of £20,000. Under these cir cumstances it Is generally thought to be very discreditable that Lord Calthorpe's representative should allow his name to appear on the Forfeit List as a debtor for such a paltry sum as £385 15s. The Prince of W'ales is understood to have spoken very decidedly on tile subject, and his view of the matter Is shared by all the other members of the Jockey Club, and by racing min'generally. A strange society has ben brought to light during the hearing of a case before the Thames magistrate. Several men were charged with stealing a watch from a sailor, and were all discharged except Alexander Fulleeton. on whom were found a Post Office Savings Bank book for £49 and a card bearing the fol lowing inscription :-"National Liars' Association.-Having been a member of the above association, and finding you a bigger liar than myself, I must con gratulate you on relieving me of this card." It must be gratifying to the East End community, as well as a tribute to Fullerton's own abilities, that he had found no one worthy of relieving him of the card. The magistrate remanded him for inquiries. Lieutenant Dodd,R.N., writes to the "Western Morning News"--" On my passage from Carditff to Opetown I succeeded by means of a .paper Kitl. while the ship was sailing elgbt knots, in sending a tin box contathlifl a letter (the whole weighing a little over one pound) on board the barque Woolahra, and I received an answer.. I saw by the experiment that there was room for im provement, and have since'perfected the invention, if I might call it such. Now, tby means of -two kites, I can, in a mode rate breeze. deliver a package of four pounds in weight to a passing salling vessel or steamer without detention as easily as the mall can be delivered to a train while passing through a station. The kites are pear-shaped; one is 4ft. long by 3t. at the broadest part; the other is 2ft. long by lft. 6in. at the broadest • part. The line used is only sallmakers' twine. Of course, larger kites would carry greater weights, but as the letters we may sometimes wish to send home by pass ing ships will not weigh a pound, I do not see any need for larger ones. I thipk the great difficulty In passing a line to a ship In distress in heavy seas might easily be accomplished by means of a kite." When a man once engages In the business of admiring himself and sus pectlng his neighbors he becomes a nuisance to the communlty.--"Wash ington Post." Don't be too stingy to pay your fellow meh a few compliments occasionally, If you can't pay anything else.--"Phila delphia Record." -. . 