THE TURF. RACING NOTES. [By Mestoe. I The Spring carnival of the V.A.T.C. will be inaugurated to-morrow, Saturday, when amongst otner visitors there will be a few Ade aidian's present. In some previous years, However, there has been more local interest in the CauUield meeting than there is on the. present occasion, as Adelaide has been ! .otter represented in the field. The Caulfield gathering can be regarded in the light of a dress rehearsal for Klemington. as except in the doubles in which the two cups are connected, there is no event of such prominence os the Muribymong Plate and the -erby. The programme is attractive enough, however, and those whom business or pleasure attract to the Caulfield heath usually speak well of tbe gathering. The course has been so much improved that it is second only to Flemington in its appoint ments, and an afternoon spent upon tbe well kept lawns or under the umbrageous elms is a pleasurable change from the ordinary cares of business or the brooding over a slump in shares. As usual the programme will open on the first day with the CiuurELD Stakes, a weight for age contest over one mile and a furlong. On paper it appears as though Hopscotch should win this event, with Marusa and Reso lute in the places. The FrasT Hurdle Race, of 2 miles, follows, and Bbewgb'b best should win from Galway, with a possible chance of a place for Wirrawa. There are only five candi dates left in tie Cacutbxd Gutkkas, which looks like a gift to Newhavkn. The Fibst Stekpcecbase, of 2 miles, will produce a good field, and Whernsidic or Lab nook may win, with a chance for Nocondra. In the* Debutant Stakes, for two-year-olds, a dozen youngsters have been left in, and some of them should cut out the four furlongs at a merry pace. We award the positions to Fiket Jnimitr., Fortassi. and Good Shot. The Toobak Handicap, one mile, will complete the day's bill, and Hopscotch if saved for it should win, but in his absence Thb Pabibiknnk, Cremorne, or Excel may get home first* We (rive a list of horses that are left in the Caulfield Cup, but their number will be considerably reduced on Monday next, as after that date all who remain in are liable for25BOvs. each, payable at scale. Tbe race meeting which takes place at Murray Bridge on Saturday afternoon will principally be of a local character, and it is not likely that many persons will find their way from town on this occasion. To those, however, wbo can go down on Saturday and remain tin Monday the outing will be pleasant enough, and. the country nags will furnish suitable sport. The various events on the pro gramme include the Handicap Hurdle Bace one mile and a half), Murray Bridge Cup (one mile), Swanport Handicap (six furlongs), Maiden fiace (sir furlongs}, and a hack race of five furlongs, catch weights. The Moonta Jockey Club hold a meeting on Wednesday, November 4, and nominations were due to close with the non, secretary {Mr. Iaddell) on Thursday night. Tbe Gawier Jockey Club win bold their nsnal meeting on the Prince of Wales Birth day, November 9, and offer a liberal pro gramme of six events, -with S00 distributed in added money. 'Mr. iBaokmgham, the seen-, tary, win no doubt be busily engaged on Tuesday next, October 13, -when nominations for alt events will dose at Gawier up to 6p.nu, and at Deeney'a, Criterion Hotel, Adelaide, up till 8p.m. The Broken JHfll Jockey Club announce beir Spring meeting to he held on Monday, November 9, the Prince of Wales's Birthday, but this fixture is so far removed from Gawier that neither are likely to do each other harm. The Broken HOI bfll of fare includes a Maiden Race of 15 sova^ Hurdle Bace of 40 oovs.. Prince of Wales Handicap_of 30sovs, Welter Handicap of ISsovs., and Forced Handicap of 15 aovs. Nominations for toe principal events dose with Mr. J. Souter, secretary, at 8 p.m., on Tuesday, October 20. The Mount Gambieritee had a pleasant meeting on Wednesday, when their Hunt Club races took place, the weather being fine, the attendance good, and the proceeds from die totalizator much larger than last vear. The Hurdle Bace wag appropriated by Mr. Black's Darkness, by Veno, with Hbtala and Black Angel in the places, the other starters being Three Stars and Kathleen. Tbe Trial {Stakes went to Mr. Wheeler's Sea Sprat, by Vaga bond, with Snfur and Banjo in die places, and Hard Case, Venus, Seagull, Kingsdere, and Sleight of Hand in the field. The Hunt Club Gup was won by Mr. Brammer's Active, with Pardon and Coral in the places, and Cuttlefish, Cid, Bnmnette, and Wallace amongst tbe starters. The Open Handicap was won by McDonald's Tramp, from Three Stars and Sea Sprat Tbe Farmers' Bace was won by Itilsby'e Venus, and tbe Hunters' Hurdles by Kenny's Colleen Bawn, with Carouse and Active second and third. Three Scars proved good enough to win the Corin thian Flat Bace from Cawker's pair, Zangand Moyban, and paid the big dividend of £16 14s. TattersalFs . committee may congratulate themselves upon having so good a meeting last Saturday, when everything went in their favor, and must leave a substantial profit on the ledger. The Hunt Club, too, have just wound up a very successful season, if we may except the disappointment of not having a final meet at the Anaraan, as tbe president. Sir Edwin Smith, intended. Family bereavements, how ever, are unavoidable, and the sympathy of members is wrtendnri to the president and Lady Smith. Bedgum, whose name has been changed to Hednse, ran a great race in the Melbourne Hunt dnb Cup on Saturday. He was con sidered a 'dead bird,'' and the bookmakers gambled against him, nothing else being backed except for stray sovereigns. The good thing was, however, bowled over by Trumpe ter, after a most exciting finish, the race only being lost by half a head. Reclnse hung in a lot in the last furlong, and this^nade it appear as if Mr. Godfrey Watson, who rude him, was ratner crowding iTumpeter on to the rails. Mr. Gordon Lyon, in whose colors Bednse ran, has been very unlucky on the tiirf. Ogden, tbe Great Futurity Stakes winner of the Gooey Island Jockey -dab, last month, was purchased in 'England when a foal at the foot of bis dam by Marcus Daly's English agent, James McCaig, and was sired by Kfl wariin, out of Ariole, by Ben d'Or— Fenella, by CambuBcan. He is. therefore, a. most fashionably and well-bred colt. He is a dark brown, of substance and power, has a taking way of going, and ran the distance (six fur longs) faster than even the mighty Domino or the flying The Butterflies, his time being 1 min. 10 sec., and The Butterflies' best previous record being 1 min. 101 sec. By the condi tionsof the Futurity, the breeder of the winner receives £800 oat of the stakes in cash. No one seems to know who bred the colt, and hence the money must repose in the coffers of die Coney Island Jockey Club until Sir. McCaig supplies the requisite information. J. B. Haggin, who is his partner in certain turf affairs, and their friends and followers are credited by the race-going talent with having won from £16,000 to £20,000 on Ogden. A noteworthy feature of the meeting was the performance of Sunny Slope, who won the Autumn Stakes, five furlongs, with 8 St. 10 lb. up in I min. 1 sec. Tbe^Ghost, to bs offered for sale to-day, das been used to race the same way as Gawier before he came to Adelaide. 