Is T^phjid a Preventable Disease P Any man or woman who has ever stiuggled through lhe 10, 12, or 15 weeks' experience of a determined attack of tjphoid fevtr will think (says the English Hospital) we have placed an exceedingly important question at the head of this annotation. Can typhoid be prevented? Well, either it can or it cannot ; either it is a disease whose cause we feiiow and can deal practically with, or it remains still one of those mysteries which baffle science and practice alike. But typhoid is not now . a ' mystery 'to the man of Ecience ; of that we 'are sure. It is, on the contrary, a well understood and entirely manageable and preventable malady. Dr. T. 'P.. TTnATKrnpfl. Tnnriip.nl nffirflr nf 1ip:i1Hi fnr Haydock, Lancashire, tells his parish in bis annual report not only that it is preventable, but alto by what precise and simple means it may be prevented. We have had occasion before to express approval of Dr. Hayward's intelligence and thoroughness as a medical officer of health, and we com mend with confidence his tersely expressed *' Principles of Typhoid Prevention,' as made public in his report for 1895. ' Typhoid is a preventable disease,' says this authority. ' It is a d'sease of filth, and especially of the filth of human excre ment.' That is to be tiken as the beginning of knowledge, the A B C of typhoid prevention, by the unscientific. The next step is equally easy. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli ; and the bacilli we find in human excrement, and in drinking water fouled by such excrement. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid bacilli. They may te swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may be flying about in the air in the neigh bourhood of typhoid excrement, and may be swal lowed with mouthfuls of air. What, then, is the first and last commandment of typhoid prevention ? ' Cleanliness ; personal and public cleanliness.' It is all there. If we ke^p ourselves clean ; if we keep our drinking water clean ; if we keep our closets and our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gar dens, streets, and towns entirely clem, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of Kiug Solomon or the shade of the extinct Deinotherium. The poet Whittier once lent a volume of Plato to a neighbour, and when the book was returned asked, ' Well, friend, how did thee like Plato ? ' ' First rate,1' said the farmer. ' I £eB he's got some of my ideas.' Most golfers will remember the story of the man whom a ball rendered insensible. The golfer gave him half a sovereign as some consolation. ' An' when will ye be playin' again ? ' asked the injured man as he looked at the coin. 