ClIAPTEll XXIII. As the Case Now Stands. Yes, (it was a hairpin liliat Martha, liad picked up. IL did not belong to herself or to Mrs. (Jib; no lady badi called on Km ce; and, moreover, it liad been foin id. in Hie ball, which only that morning had been .thoroughly swept out. Hence Martha, ar- gued that Mr. Bruce's visitor was a lady disguised in male atli.ro. Being a girl ol' great common seuisc, she kepi her suspicions to herself until isl ie could verily I hem; and 011 the next occasion she 'look particular no- tice of the guest. With, that keen instinct which never deceives a. woman, she had satisfied herself of the liui'th, and thus she became a wairo I lia I. Mr. Bruce, wa« n wicked young niaii, who ireceived visits .from a dis- guised lady. A ss wed of tills, lier first idea, was to take Mrs. (iib lulo li or confidence; I nui aware that she might be unable -lo substantiate her statement otherwise tim ii by Hie hair- pin, sho hesitated, lo speak. Then Bruce disappeared, and liol knowing AV lia! might bannen, she 'thought it wiser lo lu dd her h;ligue. Ou îiiy riait lo Mrs. (iii» she lis ivned at tile keyhole, 'bettig devoured by cu- riosity, ami 'then learned' that Bruce Oia.il bef'n murdered. A dirend ot being ilmpli- ca led, willi I lie police hold hoi'silent, 'lill on my second visit and interrogation she could no longer keep the secret. She then con- fessed, with thc result thal I -pieced this and that together, and determined' Ihat Adelaide liad visited, Bruce in malo at tire. What was the singer's -reason for Ibis strange behaviorV She wis not in love with Bruce, she could not be so af ten- his dastardly crime; she was aware Mint he knew not of the church wherein his ninth er had hoon married, and therefore lie could not oust Sir Digby from the esl ates; so why she should visit a discarded lover I'roi'n whom she had nothing to gain was beyond my comprehension. Only the lady herself could explain lillis whim. It was my dm pression that Bruce had killed Barry, not us a delegate of au anar- chistic society, but because Barry, for Ade- laide's love, had played di is last card, and had refused .to tell Bruce the truth. Doubt- less the quarrel overheard by Old Jane had been on tho subject of the certificate, of Bruce's legitimacy, and the succession of the estates. Then, as 1 surmised, Barry iliad taunted the wretched young man with the news that lie also loved Adelaide and intended to marry her, and that now she found Bruce was illegitimate, she would break off the engagement with him. 1 had little 'doubt thai this last drop caused 'Bruce's cup lo overflow; .that all these things working together led him lo commit the crime. That he had eanried out his purpose in public was for his own safety, as he hoped thereby to throw the blaine on ¡the anarchists, 'and so mislead the police. How far Adelaide was responsible for the death I wa.s unable to say, but I firmly be- lieved that slie was morally if not legally culpable. By her vanity she iliad inflamed the hearts of the two ineu; she had turned their friendship into bitter enmity; and by seeking wealth «nid title she h aid brought about the catastrophe. Only in this way could 1 account for the frenzy which had led Bruce to murder the man who held his for- tune in Iiis hands. So far, so good; but lit now remained to find out wliy Adelaide liad visited Bruce at Mnnxby . ¡to discover what had brought bim there; and to learn, if possible, bow far she weis .responsible) for this second tragedy. Remembering the savage way in which -the poor creature had been murdered; the cold- blooded .manner in which tho corpse had been laid in the boat) and sent adrift, I could not believe that a woman could have planned and accomplished so difficult an en- terprise single-handed-. She must have had au accomplice, but who he, or she, might bo I could not think. 1 say "she" becanuso it struck me as pro- bable that Mrs. Tyke had taken au 'active part in tho affair. From all 1 liad heard of her, she was a wicked old creature, who would hesitate -at nothing to secure the ag- grandizement of her daughter. Both she and Adelaide were determined women of mo common order, resoluto and dangerous; so it was not beyond the bounds of reason that they had invented, and carried out, thc bar- barous plot which had. resulted ia. Bruce's death. My theory was tills-Adelaide in disguise, for the more effectually escaping the conse- quence of her contemplated crime, bad in- veigled Bruce on to the beach at 'midnight on the occasion of the second visit. There, in the lonely darkness-, the mother had awaited her daughter and victim, and be- tween the two they had) slain Brace, tied him in tho boat of Ben Lira, then taking another craft they had rowed out to sea. Setting tho 'Liza Jane adrift with her ghast- ly burden, they had returned, to vanish like ghosts of the night. The only point that puzzled me was, that I could noe think two women, however 'barbarous, could have tho heart to strip ¡a corpse nude. Doubtless they might have done so to prevent iden tili- ca lion, but tlio idea was so horrible that even they must have recoiled from such an extreme measure. And. again! What was thc unotivo of the c riane? The certifica to was destroyed, Bruce was ignorant; so tho two liad no rea- son to desire Iris clea iii unless-anti hero co ii KM- lu the -milln point-Bruce could im- plicate Adela ide with himself in the murder of Barry. If lie could have brought, her in as au accomplice, I had little 'doubt but what ibo would do so, if only io prevent her marrying Oairdcll. Tho sa.va.go anti daring .murder of Barry showed nie what Bruce was. Daspa!ring of .getting -title, weal Hi, or the woman he loved, 'berrilied ai the sha* dow of the gallows wi iii ch lowered over him since the tragedy of Hyde Park, it was not inconceivable that he iliad threatened Ade- la kio to give himself lip anni denounce her share in the crime. If this were so, it would supply a. st pong motive for the mur- der of Bruce, and I could think of no other reason why the tragedy should have been designed. Oardell, assured of Adelaide's visit lo her old lover, departed willi rage in Iiis heart, anti a linn dctor.ui.iiia I ion lo break off bis engagement. But 1 had doubts whether he would do so, ¡for Hie woman was so cun- ning and Hie man «o weak, that 1 guessed tlie upshot. She would invent a. plausible story, which ho would, believe, or feign lo believe, and tb en, iii is .jealousy sol at rest for tho lime being, Illings would progress hi the old fashion. Adelaide was loo dov or a. woman lo bo 'daunted by a mischance, .winni in sight of 1'ho prize for which she liad worked so hau'd, and schemed KO evilly. She knew that »ho was dealing with a fool, and would act accordingly. Meanwhile, lo eonvini'e .myself of her guilt. I examined the clothes, looking for the maker's naine in Hie place Indicated by Mrs. (.lib. There it waa sure enough "James Duke, int; (Jarva.v-streel;, London." She had borrowed tho suit off Kruce, or she had 'bought thom off thc «ame 'tailor. To settle this point, which was particularly im- portant, 1 wrote nu account of my discovery io Trumpet, and asked him lo find out if tho suit had been purchased' in G arva y slroet, as 1 suspected. After dispatching Hie letter, I rested awhile from my labors, and waited for the next event. I shrewdly sus« pected it would be connected with Adelaide. In this 1 was- wrong, as no immediate re- sult was occasioned by Cardell's auger. He dill uot come near me after that visit; but two days passed, and I received a call from Grace. His face was flushed, and his eye sparkled; hence I argued 'that he had re- ceived good news. Nor was I wrong in my surmise. He was in the highest spirits, and acquainted me with their cause with- out delay. "lt's all settled. Doctor," said he, after we had shaken hands. "What? Your marriage?" "No. I have not got so far as that yet. But Adelaide Erskine-" "Ah, 1 see. She is not to beome Lady Carden after all." "You might have guessed that after your communication to Ourdell," said Grace smil- ing. "Yes; 1 know all. Sir Digby told me yesterday, and he worked himself up into a tremendous rage. Then he went off to Canute Villa to call on the 'fair Adelaide." "And there and then broke it off?" "I should think so. He ea¡mo back and lord May in my presence that he was not goong to marry Miss Erskine, and that her name was not to be mentioned again by e'ther of us." "And May?" "Oh, she kissed her father, and congratu- lated him on his escape. I don't think that pleased him," added Grace dryly. "I should think not! The. more so as he is still in love with her." "Oh, rubbish! After her conduct 'in visit- ing Brae© dressed as a man he would not think of marrying her." "I'm not so sure of that," I answered re- flectively. "Ile knew before that Adelaide was a bad lot, and still loved her. This epiwode makes very little difference. My advice to you, Grace, ls« lo engage yourself to Miss Ourdell at once." "Why? Is lhere any particular hurry?" "Only this-thal Cardell is so infatúa led with Adelaide's beauty, and she has such ?power over him, that in a. few weeks she will bo forgiven and her follies forgotten." "1 don't think Cardell will be such a' fool." "I do. He is mad about tho woman. You iliad better get engaged." "1 will lif I can," said Grace ruefully. "I hinted to May that she inigbt now fuhil her promise, as the (marriage was broken off; but she did not respond' so readi- ly as I thought she would have done." "Give her 'time; give her time, Grace" "Wliy, just now you said there was no .time lo be lost." "Well, manage it in your own way," I said, worried by his pertinacity; "but I can tell you one thing. Adelaide Erskine will be Ea dy Cardell after all." "I have my doubts about that," replied Grace dryly, "and my suspicions about lier." "What suspicions?" "You know well enough, Fairfax. Why did alie visit Bruce in disguise?" "I can't say. But I see Avhat you mean." "Do you think she ¡is guilty of the crime?" asked Grace, abruptly. "That," said I, "no one can answer at present, lt all depends on Mrs. Tyke." 