Reviewer. Books for the Young. Included in Messrs. Blackie and Co.'s parcel of Christmas gift books, mentioned last week, were the following :— "Hallowe'en Ahoy" is the history of a derelict. H. St. Ledger, the author, baa the knack of Clark Russell to some ex tent, iv that he can write of the sea with a seaman s touch; nud his work with its straightforwardness gives the reader a sniff ox the salt waves. This 'Is from the adult standpoint. Boys Till go from cover to cover with a firm deep- eettled belief that every word 1s gospel truth. The forsaken ship with its crew of one gh<«t will appear to them the height of probability—and rightly so. Then the capture of the ghost by the crew who take charge, the casting ashore of the vessel on the Oroeet Islands, and the final floating off, and return to Bngland, will foe but natural Incidents In the Gospel according to Crusoe. The story is well illustrated by H. J. Draper. "Hussein the Hostage," by G. Nor way, is a bit of Tranecaspian adven ture. It tells of the efforts of a young prince to break the Persian yoke from the neck of his tribe, and of bis own captivity in Persia. His faithful henchman Askar Is well drawn. In the effort to release Hussein, his prince, the sturdy follower is kidnapped and delivered like a monkey or a bear into the hands of a travelling showman. For our part, this story has proved as full of vigour and freshness as any we bare come across for a long time ; and we can only envy the lad who wins, or is given " Hussein the Hostage." Another of the same class, with the plot cast in the East for the most part, and with adventures galore, is " Under the Black Eagle." Andrew Hilliard writes his story with an evident know ledge of the youthful appetite. He takes Ernest Wentworth, an English lad, through the horrors of Siberian exile for supposed complicity wKh Nihilists; lets him off the convict steamer with his friend Oregorleff, who has been responsible for all the trouble; and then travels the pair, after their escape, through part of Turkestan across the Pamirs and into Northern India. If only for the lesson in geo graphy, this book Is worth reading by others than boys; but for them it is especially valuable in days when Trans caucasia is becoming known and when Russian advances are taking the civili sation of the West Into the great heart of Asia. An out-and-out girls' book greets us In " For the Sake of a Friend." It is moreover a story of school life Jn Mel bourne ; and the heroines, Susie Snow and Trixie Beresford, are as sweet as they are made. Stormont House Is the scene of much fun, some misunder standings, and of a happy time gene* rally. Margaret Parker, Mrs. or Miss, who -writes the story, makes us hope tbat all Australian girls' schools are like it. "His First Kangaroo," by Arthur FerreB, is sure to prove a favourite with boys, and particularly so in Australia, as stories of life in their own country are always acceptable to our young people. This Is a tale of adventure on a cattle station in New South Wales. Dick Morrison, a Sydney Grammar School boy, in his last year, has ac cepted an Invitation to spend the Christ mas holidays on a station on the Lach lan, and of course he ha* a good time. The rounding up of wild cattle, the con quering of touckjumpers, and the hunt ing of emu and kangaroo, are all inci dents of the few weeks he spends in the West, and lest this should be voted too commonplace, the young hero and bis friends are afforded the excitement of a couple of very lively bushranglng encounters. To those in search of in formation regarding life in Australia, this wealth of incident may suggest a too fertile imagination on the part of the author, and the critic may have his doubts whether due regard has 'always been paid to the probabilities. But the youthful reader will (certainly devour the book with avidity, and ask for more of the same kind. The work has balf a-docen spirited illustrations by Percy, F. S. Spence. "A Tbane of Wessex," toy Charles W. Whistler, carries the young reader back to the time of the Viking raids on the coast of old England in the days of King Bthelwulf. The tale opens with the arrest and trial before the Great Moot of young Heregar the Tbane, bis unjust accusation and doom. The reader also learns how in bis wanderings the out lawed Heregar discovered the war gal leys of the Vikings, bow he withstood the raiding Danes at Bridgw&ter;, and gathered the levies at Gtastoribury; bow he contrived an ambush and corn- pletely defeated the Vikings at the month of the Parret River, and how at length he was inlawed again, and in re* ward of his valour was made standard bearer to the great and good King Al fred. The «tory Is charmingly told, and will help the young reader to under stand the conditions of life in that re mote period of our national existence. - "The Girleen" is a West Indian tale of the slavery days, by Bdith Johnstone. The little heroine was the daughter of (A planter, and the story turns upon her marvellous friendship for one of her father's slaves ; the crisis comes in the form of a revolt amongst the slaves', which results in the accidental death 1 of the child.—Mrs. Herbert Martin's story "A Musical Genius" concerns si certain Hugo Ricardo <who, having a genius fo* music, attracts the notice of Mr. Pemberton, a wealthy lover of bis art This gentleman adopts and edu cates him ; but there comes a time when he has to choose between the comfort and luxury that his patron's wealth can procure and his duty to an elder brother, who had been everything to him in earlier years ; he renounces all fc> cleave to his brother. 'The brother, shows equal devotion, and all ends happily, as it should.—" The Little Girl From Next Door" is a pleasant, lively. Uttle book for younger children, by/: .Geraldlne Mockler, and narrates the ad- ■ ventures of a small girl who was carried off to the seaside in a hamper througa the ingenuity and goodwill of her play- ~ mates, and who there lost the character ; of a friendless, almost homeless waif, v and discovered a rich uncle with whom " she lived happy ever after." 