Dr. .Ruisey'S Patient i a VERY STRANGE STORY, BY L. T. MEIADE and DH. HALIFAX, Joint Auiiiona op Stojues from the Diari op a Doctor, copvniaitT. Oil AFTER XXIII. The twilight darkened into night, but -Awdroy still ramnined.in the office. Aftor in time he gregied for a-box-nf matches, found one, strubk a match, took a pair of heavy silver candle .sticks from ia onpboard in the wall, Et toe candles whioh wero in ithem, and then put them on !his -office tabic. The room was :a largo one, aud tlic light of tlio .two candles scorned -only to muke thodorkness -virible. Awdrey wont to the table, soated himself in the old chair which his father and his grandfather bad -occupied before Mm, and began mechanically to arrange eomo papers, -and put a pile of Other; tilings in order. His nature was naturally full of system ; from his childhood up he had hated untidiness of all sorts. While he was so engaged there camo a knock at too offioe door. .He rose, went across tho room and opened it ; a footman stood with out. "Mrs. Awdrey bos -sent me to ask yon, sir, if you are ready for dinnor. "Tell your mistress tlint I am not coming In to dinner;" Tepliod Awdrey. "Ask heriiot to wait for mo ; I am particularly busy,'- and ' will have-something -later." . The man, with an immovable -oonntonanoe, turned away. Awdrey once -more lockod the offioe door. Ho now dre w down -the 'blinds to the other two windows, and began to paoo up and down"tho long room. The powers ofjgood and evil were irt tiris moment fighting for Ma soul — lio laiew it ; there was a tremendous -con- flint ranging within Mm; -it -seemed to tsar Ms - life in two ; beads of porspirotion stood on Iris brow. Ho know-that cither God or' the devil woirid hare won too victory before be -left -that room. ... "Xmnstraakemy dooision once for all," ho reflected. "Inm wido awake; my whole in- tellectual nature is full of vigor; I bavo no . -ex- , cose whatever,; the .matter must -bo finally Bottled now. If I follow the devil — " to" shrank as the ' words formed themselves -out of his brain; ho had naturally the; -utmost . loathing far evil in any farm; iris nature was : inoanttobo upright ; at school be bad hoen ono of -tbo -good boyB .; nne of toe -boys to whom low vices, dishonorable actions of any kind, were simply impossible ; he bad bad Iris weaknecses, for who has not ?— but there -weaknesses were all more or less -akin to tha rfrtuos. . . "If Ichoose too devil 5" be repeated. -Onca again be faltered, trembling violoutly. Ho bad oomo :tb too part of theToam where Ms father's old-dosk was situated. Ho leant' tup against it and gazed gloomily out iuto tho darkness -which confronted Mm. ' " "I know exactly what will happen if 1 follow tho downward path," iio.toouglct ngain. "I must faroe myself to -tMnk wroiig right, and right wrong. There is no possible way for mo to live this lifo' of deception except ijy doeeiving myself.' MustI decidoto-mghrt?" ' ; He staggored into tho ctaurwbichbis father usod.to -oocupy.. His fathor had beeu-a man full of rectitude ; the doom of the house had nevor overtakenMm; bo had boon a man with ' an almost -too severe, too lofty code of honor. Awdroy rcmembercd all about Ms lather as to sat in that ohnir. Ho sprang again ' to hie foot '"There is no use an putting off too hour, for too hour bos come," he thought. " This is the stnto of too case; God and the derilare in this . man. I cannot lie in tho . presence -of -such awful, such potent Beings. I must face too thing OBit is. This is what bos hajqiened to -mo. I, who would not willingly , in my sober senses i hurt; tbo smallest insect that crawlB on the. earth, once, nearly six years ago, in a - sudden moment of passion, killed a man. Ho attacked me, and I defended myself I killed Mm in, self -ilef onco. I no more meant to Toll Ikim than I .mean to commit murder to-night. Notwithstanding that fact I did Hie ilocd. : Doubtless the action camo over me as a tremeu- . dous shock. Immediately alter tho deed tlio; horrible dopm of my bouso fell on me, and I- forgot all, about what I myself had done. For . fivo yearH too memory of it never returned to me. Now I know all about it. I committed ' murder, andanothor mauls sufforingin ray stead., Noiw, if, I follow tho dovil, I shall bo. a bruto, and a scoundrel ; too innoocnt man will . go on- ' Buffering, and liis mother, wlrore heart is- already, brokoii, may die before lio recovers Ms' liberty; Thus I shall practically kill two lives., No onowill know — no one will guess that I am leading a shadowed life. I feel strong enough- now to oovor up the deed, to hide away the to- morse. I fool uot the least doubt, that I shall: be outwardly succosaful — the respect of - my follow men will follow mo — tho love of many will be given to mo. By and bye I may havo children, and thej will love mo :as I loved my father, and Margaret will look tt;i to mo and consult me as my mother looked up to nnd con sulted my father, and my honor will be con sidered abovo reproach. My poople, too, will rejoice to have mo with th-rm. I can serve them if I am returned for this constituency— hi short, I can .live a worthy -and reiqieeted life. The. devil will -have Ms way, but nu one will gness that it is -the devil's way — I slmll seem -to live the life of an angel." Awdrey paused bore in Iris own thought. "Ifeelnsif tho devil wore luughingnt me," : ho said, speaking half niloud, and looking again into tho darkness of tho room — " lie knows that his hour will come — by and bye my span of lifo will run out— eventually I shall reach the .long, end of -the long way. But until -that time, day by day, anil hour by liour, I slmll live tho life of the hypocrite. Like a whitod sepulchre shall I be truly, for I slmll cany hell hero. By and byo I shall linvo to answor for allot a Higher Tribunal, -and meanwhilo I shall carry hell -hero." He pressed liis hand to his breast 1— his faoo was ghastly. " Slmll I follow the devil ? Suppose I rctuso to listen to liim, wliat thon ?' There came another tap at the office door. Awdroy went acro33 the room and opened it. He otartod and uttorcd a smothered oath, for Margaret stood on tlio threshold. _ "Go away now, Maggie, I cannot see you ; I am very much engaged," ho said. Instead of obeying him she Bteppod across tlio threshold. " But you have no one with you," sho said, looking into tho darkness of the room. " "What are you doing, Robort, nil by yourself ? You look very tired. Wo have finished dinner. My unolo has come over from Outhbsrtstown, and would liko to boo you. They all think it strange your being away. W hat is tho matter ? Won't you return with me to the house ? " " I cannot yet. I am particularly engaged." " But what about ? Uncle James will he much disappointed if he dooB not see you." I will come to him presently when I have thought out a problem." Margaret turned herself now in such a posi tion that sho could see her husband's face. Somothing in his cyc3 seemed to speak straight . to her sympathies. Sho put her armB round his .neck. " D» not think any moro now, my darling," she said. " Remember, though you aro so woll, that you wore once very ill. You have had no dinner ; it is not right for you to starve your self and tiro yourself. Oomo home with me, Robert, ooine homo ! " Not yot," he replied, "Tlibro is a knot wliioh I must untio. I am thinking over a very gravo problem. I shall have no rest, no peace'; until I . . have mado up my mind." ; ' : "What can he the matter?" inquired Mhr- ; girei " Can I help you in any way ? " "Ho, my dearest,"- ho answered very ton- dorly, " except hy leaving me." " lias it anything to do with your accounts ?" sho asked. Sho glanced at the table, with its pile of lottors and papers. "If so I could "really render you assistance ; I used to keep accounts for Uncle JamcB in the old days. Two brains aro bettor than one. Let mo help you." " "It is a mental problem, Maggie ; it relates to morals." \- " Oh, dear, Robert, you are quito mys terious," she said with a ghost of a smile ; but then she met his eyes and tho - trouble in them startled her.' " I wish I coulii help you," she said. "Bo lot mo."- - '".You cannot," ho replied harshly, for the look in hor faco added to his tortures. " I shall como to a conclusion presently. When I come to itT will return to tho house." " Then wo are not to wait up for you 1 It is getting quito late, long past 9 o'clock." " Do not sit up for mo ; leave tho side door on . tho latch ; I will como in presently when I have made-up my mind on this important matter." . ' She approached tho door unwillingly ; when she reached the threshold Bhc turned and faced hiin. "I cannot but see that you are worried about somef/hing," she said. "I knew, Robert,' that you. will have strength to do what is right." I cannot imagine what your worry can be, but a " moral problem with you must mean tho victory of; right over wrong;" ' "Maggie,- you drive me mad," ho:calIed after hor,- but his voice was hoarse, and it did not reaoh her. cars, . She. closed . the door, and he . heard hor retreating footsteps on the gravel out side. Ho looked the door once more. " .'.'There spoke. God and- my good angel," ho . murmured to himsolf. "Holp me, Powers of Evil, if I am to follow you j- give mo strength to walk tho path of tho lowest. -These words had scarcely risen in the form of an awful prayer from his lips whon 'once again ho heard his wife's voice at the door. She was tapping and calling, to him at the came time. He opened tho door. "Well?" ho said. "I am sorry to .disturb you," she replied, "but you really mustputoff all your reflections . for.tlio time being. Whom do you think- has just arrived?" ' " \- "I cannot' guess," he answered hi a listless r- voico. . ' . " Your old friend and mine, Dr. Rumsoy. . '"Rumsoy 1" replied Awdrcy, "ho would boa strong advocate on vour aide, Maggie.", : " On my .side ?' sho queried. " I cannot explain myBelf. I. will see Rumsoy. It .would bo possible for mo to put a question to him which I could not put to you. Ask him to come to mo." '. "Ho shall como at onco," she answered, "I am heartily glad that ho is hero." She turned back and went to tho house. Sho ran up the frout Btops— Rumsey was hi tho hall. " My hearty congratulations," ho said, coming up to her. "Your letter contained such goou news tlmt I could not forbear hurrying down to Grandcourt to take a peep at my strango patient ; I always call Awdrey my strango patient. Is it truo that ho is not quite well ?" " Half an hour ago I Bhould have said yes," replied Margaret but ' ' Any recurrence of the old syinptons !" asked the doctor. " No, nothing of that sort. Perhaps tho oxcitcmcnt has been too much for him. Como into tho library will you ?" She entered as slic spoke, tho doctor follow ing her. "I wrote to you whon I was abroad," con tinued Margaret, "tolling you tho Bimplo fact that my husband's stato of health had gono from better to bettor. Ho recovered tone of mind and body in tho ma3t rapid degreo. This morning I considered him a man of perfect physical health and of keen intellect. You know during the five years when tho cloud was ovor his brain lie refused to read, and lost grip of all passing evonts. There is no subject now of general interest that he cannot talk about- all mnttors of public concorn arouao his strong sympathies. To-day lio has boon nominated to Stand for this constituency, vacant by tho death of our Into member. I have no doubt that ho will represent us in tho House when Parliament next sits." " Or perhaps boforo this ono rises," said tho doctor. "Woll, Mrs. Awdroy all this sounds most encouraging, hut I fear from your inannor that you liavo something not so entisiactory to tell me ?" "That is so j at tho present moment I do not tike his elate. 'Ho was out and about all day, lut instend of returning liomo to dinner went straight to his office, where ho now is. As far as I con see, ho iH doing no special work, but ho will not como into the house. Ho tells mo that he is facing a problem which lie also says is a moral ono. lie refuses to leave tho office until he has reached a satisfactory conclusion." " Come, ho is overdoing it." raid. the. doctor. "I think so. I told him just nbw.jhntyou had arrived ; he asked mo to bring you " to him ; will you como ?" " With pleasure." "Can you do without a meal until you liavo seen him?" " Certainly j take me to' him at once." Mrs. Awdroy left tho houso and took Dr. Rumsey round by tho sido walk which led to tho office. Tho door was now Blightly ajar; Margaret ontored, tho doctor following behind her. " Well, my friend," snid Dr. Rumsoy, in his cheerful voico, "it is good tosoo you back in your old place agnin. Your wifo'B letter was so satisfnetory'that I could not resist tho tempta tion of coming to see you for myself." "I am in porfoct health," replied Awdrey. "Sit down, won't you, Rumsey? Margaret, my dear, do you mind leaving us ?" "No, Robert," bIio answorcd. "I trust to Dr. Rumsoy to bring you back to your sensos." "She does not know what she id saying," thought Awdroy. He followed liis wife to the door, and when she went out turned the key in tho lock. " It is a strange thing," ho said, tho moment ho found himself alone with his guest, " that you, Rumsoy, should bo hero at this moment. You wore with mo during tho hour of my most torriblo physical and mental degradation ; you liavo now como to see mo through the hour of my moral degradation— or victory." "Your moral degradation or victory?" said tlio doctor ; " what does this mean ?" "It simply means this, Dr. Rumsey ; I am tho unhappy possessor of a secret." "Yes— a secret. TV era this secret known my wifo's heart would bo broken, and this honorable house of whioh I am tho lasfdescondant would go to complete shipwreck. I do not talk of my self in tho matter." , " Do you liieau to confiflo in me ?' asked tho doctor, aftor a pause. "I cannot ; for the simple reason, that if I told you every tiling, you would be bound as a man and n gentleman to take steps to onsure the downfall which I dread." ' " Are you certain that you are not suffering from a delusion ?" "No! doctor, I wish I wore." "You cortninly look sane enough,", said the doctor, ' examining his patient with a keen glance. " You must allow- me to congratulate you. If I had hot seen' you with my own oyos I could never have beliovcd in-, such a reforma tion. You arc bronzed ; your frame has widened ; you have not a scrap of superfluous flesh about you. Let mo feel your arm ; my dear sir, your muselo is to bo envied." "I was famed for my athletics long ago," said Awdroy, with o grim smile. "But now. doctor, to facts. You have come hero - it is possible for me to take you into my confldonco to a certain oxtout. -Will you allow mo to atato my'cnso ?" "As you intend only to state it partially it will bo difficult for ino to advise you," said the doctor. . " Still, will you listen T , "I will." . " Woll, tho fact is this," said Awdrey, rising, "either God or the Devil takos possession'of mo to-night." ' " Come, come," Baid Rumsey, "you are exaggerating tho state of thcrcaso." " I am not. I am going through tho most dosperate fight that over assailed a man. I may get out on the sido of good, but at the present moment I must state' frankly that all my inclinations tend to getting out of this struggle on tho side whioh trill put mo into the DsvU's hands." " " Come," said tlio doctor again, " if that is so tliorc can bo no doubt with regard to your posi tion. You must oloso witli right oven though it is a struggle. You confess to possessing a secret ; that sebro't is tho causo of your misery ; there is h right and a wrong to it ?" "Undoubtedly ; a vory great right and a very grave wrong." " Tlion, Awdrey, do not hesitate ; bo man enough to do tlio right." ' Awdroy turned white. "You aro -tho sooond person who has come hero to-niglit and advised mo on tho side of God," he. said. " Out with your tpublaman,'-' ond'lrelieve your mind," yfy, " When I rolioViTTnyniniirid," said "A"wdre«. " my wife's heart will break, and our houseVUl bo ruined." | 9 f -ju j " ' -"What about you,?1. 1 ' " ' j " I shall go undefi / "I doubt very much;' iCyyn)j"Tloirigl right would ovor break a heart -1 ikey ouhwif q'b,-"' Baid Rumsey, " but doing wrong wbuld'uiidoubtedly orush her spirit." "There you nre again — will no one toko the Dovil's part? Dr. Rumsoy, I firmly bcliovo that it is owing to your inflnenco that I am now in my sane mind, but whon I think of tho path which you now advocate, I could ourso the day when you brought mo back to health and sanity.- A very little inUuenco on tho other side, a mere letting mo alone, and I should now citlior bo a madman or in my gravo ; my Bccret would have been inviolate to the bittor end. As it is " There was n noiso heard outaide— tho sound inndo by a faltering footstep. Tho brush of a womans dress was distinctly audible against the door ; this was followed by a timid knock. "Who is disturbing us now ?" said Awdrey, with irritation. " I will sec," said tho doctor. He crossed tho room as he spoko and opened the door. An untidily dressed girl with a ghastly faco stood without. Whon tho door was oponod sho peered anxiously into the room. "Is Mr. Awdrcy in?— yes, I aeo him. Imust speak to him at once." Sho staggered across tlio threshold. "Imust boo you alone, squire," Bhosaid — "quito alono nnd at once." 'This has to do witli the matter under con sideration," snid tho squire. "Come in, Hotty ; Bit down. Rumsoy you had best leave us." Chapter XXIV. A real faint, or suspension of the heart's action, is nevor a long affair. When Hetty fell in an unconscious state against the body of her dead husband she quickly recovered herself. Her intellect was keen enough, and she knew oxnetly what had happened. Tlio nico black stuff which gnvo such pleasant dreams had killed Vincent. Sho had therefore killed him. Yes, ho was Btono dead— sho had seen dentil onco or twico before, and could not possibly mistake it. She had seen her mother die long ago, mid had stood hy tho deathbed of more than one neighbor. Tho cold, tho stiffness, the grey-white appearance, all told licr beyond the possibility of doubt that life was not only extinct, but had been oxtinct for at least a couplo of hours, Hor husband was dead. When sho had given lulu that fatal doso ho had been in the full vigor of youth and health — now ho wa3 dead. Sho had never loved him in lifo, although he had been nn nffcctionnte husband to her, but at this momeut sho shod a few tears for liini. Not many, for they were completely swallowed up in the feurand terror which grow greater and greater each nio- ment within hor. lie was dead, and alio lind killed him. Long ago oho had concealed tho know ledge of a murder because sho loved the man who had eoinmittod it. Now sho had committed murder horseif — not intentionally ; no, no. No moro had sho intended to kill Vincont than Awdrey when ho was out that night had in tended to take tlio lifo of Horace l-'rero. But 1'rcrc was dead, and now Vincent was dead, and Hetty would be tried for tho crime. No, Biiroly. tlioy could not try licr— tlioy could not possibly bring it homo to her. How could such a little, timid, weak croaturo ho supposed to tako tlio lifo of n big man? Sho had nevor intended to injure him ; sho had only intended to give him a good sleep, to rest him thoroughly— to deceive him, of courso — to do a thing she knew might break his heart ; but to tako liis lifo, no, nothing was further from her thoughts. Never theless the deed was dono. Oil, it was horrible, horrible. She hated being so closo to tho dead body. It was no longer Vincent, tho man who would havo pro tected hor at tlio risk of his lifo ; it was a hideous dead body. Sho would get away from it ; Bhe would creep up close t(i Rover. No wonder Rover bated the room ; perhaps ho saw tho Bpirit of her husband. Oh, how frightened sho was. What was tho matter with her side ? Why did hor heart heat so strangely— galloping one, two, throe, then pausing, then one, two, thro o again? And tlio pain, tho Bick, awful pain ! Yes, bIio know— sho was sick to death witli terror. Sho got up presently from where bIio had been kneoling by hor dead husband's sido and staggered across to tho fireplace. She tried wildly to think, but ulio found herself incapablo of reasoning. Sliivoring violently, sho ap proached tho tablo, poured out a oup of tho cocoa, which was still hot, and managed to drink it off. Tho warm liquid revived her, and she felt a shade hotter and moro capable of thought. Hor ono instinct now was to savo herself. Vincent was dead ; no ono in all tho world could bring him hack to lifo, hut if possihlo Hetty would so act that not a soul in all the country should BUBpcct her. How , could sho mako tilings safe? If it wore known, known everywhere, that alio was away from him when he died, then of courso elio would bo safe. Yes, tliiB fact must be known. Onco she had saved tho squire, now the squire must save her. It must be known everywhere that sho had sought an interview with him— that at tlio time whon Vincent died sho was in the squire's presence, shut up in the office with him, tho door locked — she and- the squire alone togother. This secret, which sho Would liavo fought to tho death to keep to hcrsolf an hour ago, must now be blazoned abroad to a criticising world. Tho lessor danger to tho squire must ha completely swallowed up hi tho greater danger to herself. She must hurry to him at once and got him to tell what he know. Ah, yes, if lie did thi3 sho would bo safo — she remembered tho right word at last, for she had' heard tlio neighbors Bpeak of it when a celebrated trial was going on in Salisbury — sho must prove an alibi— then it would be known' that she had been absent from homo when her husband died. Tho imminence of tho danger made her fed quiet and steady. She took up tho. lighted candle and went into tho dairy — sho unlocked tho cupboard and took out the bottle of laudanum. Returning to tho kitchen Bhc 1 emptied the contents of tho battle into the! range and then threw tlio bottle itself also into the heart of tho fire — she watched it as it slowly melted under the iuflucnco of tho hot fire— tho laudanum itself was abo licked up by the hungry flames. That toll talo and awful ovi- j dbneo of hor guilt was at least removed. Sho : forgot all about Susan having seen tlio liquid in tho morning— sho know nothing about the evi- denco which would bo brought to light at a j coroner's inquest— about the fact3 whioh a dootor would l>3 sure to disoovor. Nothing hut tho bare reality remained prominently before ' her oxcited brain. Vincont was dead— she had killed him hy an overdose of laudanum which sho had given him in all innocence to mako him Bleep— but yot, yet in hor heart of hearts, sho know that hor motivo would not hear explana tion. " Squire -will save mo," she said to liorsolf ; "if it is proved that I wore with squire I am safo. I will go to, him now— I will toll 'im all at onco. It is late,' vory into, and it is dark outside, but I will go." . ; (to-be coxoluded.) 