TILL THE DAY OF JUDG MENT. BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHE1M. 1 Chapter VIII. (Continued). He looked way from vacancy into my face. Something in my manner seemed to attract him. Ho frowned and answerod me sharply. ' "What is it, olilld?' Only mind that it is not a question." " It is not a question," I said. "It is some thing which I want to tell you. . Perhaps I ought to havo told you before. One afternoon last week I was at Lady Naselton's for tea. I mot a man there — half a foreigner he seemed to me. He had lately roturnod from South America. His namo was BerdenBtcin." He heard me in perfect silence. He did not utter a single exclamation. Only 1 saw his head Bink aud a curious marble rigidity settle dewii upon his features, chasing away all ex pression. In tho silence which followed before I spoke again X could hear his breathing Bharp and low almost like tho panting of an animal in pain. " Don't think that I have bocn spying upon you, fathor," I begged. " It all came about so naturally. I gavo you your letters tho morn. ing that you went away, and I could not help seeing that ono of them was from South America. On tho envelope was written, ' In London about loth.' Well, as you loft for London at once, I concluded that you weiit to meet this person, whoever it was. Then at Lady Naselton's, this mail atared at me bo, and he told me that he came from South America. Somo instinct seemed to BUggcBt to me that this was the man who had written you that letter. I talked to him for awhile, and I was sure of it." Then my father spoke. He was like a man who had received a stroke. His voice seemed to come from a great distance. His eyes were fixed upon that break in tho trees on the dis tant hillside, beyond which was Naselton Hall. "So near," he said softly, "so very near. How did he come hero? Was it chance ?" "He was good to Lady Naselton's son abroad," I answered. " He is very rich, they say." " Ay, ay ! " My father nodded his hoad slowly. His manner was becoming more natural. Yet' there was a look of deadly earnest in his white set face. To look at him almost made me shudder. Something is his expression was like a premoni tion of tho tragedy to come. "We shall meet soon, thon," he said, thoughtfully. " It may bo to-morrow. It may be to-day. Kate, your eyes are younger than mine. Is that a man coming along the road there ? — down in the hollow on the other sido of the turn. Do you see ? " I stood up by his side. There was a figure in sight, but as yet a long way off. "It is a man," 1 said. "He is coming towards us." We stood there side by side for soveral minutes. My father was leaning on iuy shoulder. The clutch of his fingers seemed to burn their way through my dross into my flosh. It was as though they wore tipped with fire. He did not move or speak. He kept his eyes steadfastly fixed upon tho bend of the road. Suddenly a slight change flashed into hia faoe. Ho leaned forward, his upper lip quivered,' he shaded his eyes with his hand. I followed his rapt gaze, and in tho middle of the dusty white road I could seo the man now. Well within sight I watched him draw nearer and nearer. His carriage was . buoyant and un-Ehglisb, and lie carried a cane with wliich he snipped' off the heads of the' thistles growing by the hedge side. He seemed to be whistling softly to himself, showing all the while thoso rows of white; glistening teeth unpleasantly prominent against the yellowish tingo of his cheeks. From the Brat I had scarcely doubted that this was the man of whom we had been talking. The coin cidence of his coming never oven struck me. It seemed at the time as a perfectly natural thing. He came to within a yard or two of us before he appeared to recognise me. Then he took off his lint and made me a BWceping bow. In tho middlo of it he encountered my father's steady gaze. His hat Blipped from his fingers — he stood like a man turned to stone. His black oyeB wero full of horror ; ho looked at my father as a man would look at one risen from tho dead. And my father returned his gaze with a faint curious Bmile parting bis thin lips. " Welcome to England once more, Stephen," my father said grimly. "You were about to address my dnughter. Have you loBt your way ?" The man opened hia lips twice before he spoke. I could almost fancy that hia teeth wero chattering. Hie voice was very low and husky. i. - - " I was going to ask the way -to Deville Court," ho said. All tho time his eyes never left my father's face. For somo reason or other they wero full of wonder ; my father's presence seemed to terrify him. " Tho way to Dcvillo Court," my father re peated. I am returning in that direction. I will show it to you myself. Thero are Bovcral turns before you get on the straight road." My fathor descended the bank into tho road. The stranger muttered something inaudible which my father ignored. "Wo had better start," he said calmly. "It is rathor a long way." The man whom myjather had called Stephen hesitated and drow hack. " Tho j-ouiig lady, he suggested faintly, "she will come with us." " Tho young lady lias nn engagement in another direction," he said, with his oyes fixed upon me. " I want you, Kate, to call upon Mr. Charleaworth and tell him to be sura to be at church to- night. You can tell him why it is important." Tliero was a ring in my fathor's tone, and a light iu the glance which ho Hashed upon me, whieli forbade any idea of remouBtranco. Yet at tho thought of leaving these two men together a cold chill seemed to pass through all my veins. Something seemed to tell me that thie was no ordinary meeting. The man Berdcnatein's look of terror as be had recognised my father was unmistakablo. Evon now he was afraid to go with him. Yet I was power less. I dared not disobey ! Already the two men wero walking side by side. I was left alone, and the farm hou9o to which my father- had bidden mo go lay in altogether a different direction. I stood and watched them pass along the lane together. Then I went on my errand. There was nothing olso which I could do. ) I reached home in about an hour. Alice met me at tho door. "Has father come iu yet?" I asked her quickly. She nodded. " About five minutes ago. Tho walk seemed to have done him good," she added. " He was quite cheerful, and had a wonderful color. Why, Kato I what' have you been doing to yourself ? You are as white a3 a ghost." " He was aloue, I suppose?" I asked, ignoring the question. " Alone 1 of course he was alone. Come in and havo some tea at once. You look tired out." CUAFTER IX. By some means or other the news had spread in the village, and such a congregation as I had never seen filled our little church long before the usual time. In a dark corner I saw to my surprise Bruce Deville leaning against a pillar with folded arms, and on my way to my pew I passed Adelaide Fortress seated in a chair in the nave. Neither of theBe two had I ever seen in church before, and what had brought them thero ou that particular evening I never clearly . understood, jltiwasa little irony of fate — one of those. impulses which it is hard to believo are. altogether coincidences. The Bishop came early, and sat by Lady Naselton's side, the centre of all eyes. . I looked away from him to the chancel. I was strangely nervous. It was still dimly lit, although the bells had ceased to ling. There was only a moment's pause, however, then the little space was filled with white robed figures, and my: sister's voluntary, ' unduly prolonged iii this instance, died away in a few soft chords. I drew a long broath of - relief. - Everything was going on as usual. - Perhaps after all this night might be a fateful one for us. . / watched the Bishop's face from tho first. I saw him ..glanco upas though in surprise as my fathor's rich musical voice woke the echoes of tho dark little church with tho first words of the service. At the singing, which was always wretched, he frowned, and catching a sideway glanco from Lady Naselton, smiled somewhat. Studying him through half closed eyelids, I decided that country services in the abstract did not attract him, and that ho was a little bored. It was only when m.v father stood ap in the pulpit and looked around him in that moinont or two of hushed suspense which precedes the giving out of tho text that the lines of his face relaxed, and he settled himself down with an air of interest. For me it_was a terribly anxious moment. I knew my father's state of health, and I remember the few weary and pointless words which had gone to make his morning sermon. Contrary to his usual custom he stood thero without , any notes of any sort. I scarcely dared to hope that ho would bo ablo to do him self justice. Yet tho first words of his text had scarcely left his lips when somo premonition of what was to come sent a strango thrill through all my nerves. "The wages of sin are death." No words . could give any idea of the marvellous yet altogether effortless solemnity with which these words passed from my father's lips. Scarcely uttered above a whisper they yet penetrated to tho ntmost corners of the little church. Was it really intense earnestness or a wonderful knowledge and appreciation of true dramatic effect which made him cIobo tho book with a slew 'movement ef his forefinger, and stand up thero amongst the deep shadows as pale as tho surplice which hung around his frail form? Vet when lie Bpoke his voice did not tremble or falter. His words tense with life, all vibrating with hiddon firo, penetrated easily to the furthest and darkest conier of the build ing. "Tho wages of sin — the eternal torment of a conscience never sleeping, nevor weary 1" It waB of that ho went on to speak. I can scarcely remember so much a9 a single sentence of that sermon, although its effect upon myself and those who formed tho congregation of listeners is a memory which even now thrills me. From those few opening words, pregnant as they were with dramatis force, and lit with the fire of true cloquenco, not for ono moment did the attention of a single member of tho little con gregation wander. A leaf could have bocn heard to drop in the church, the rustle of the pocket handkerchief was a perfectly audiblo sound. Not even a child looked sideways to watch the dark ivy waving softly against the Btaincd glass windows or wondered nt the strange pattern which a ray of dying sunlight had traced upon tho bare stone aisle. There waB something personal— something like the cry of human sorrow itself iu that slow passionate out pouring. . AVbb it by any chance a confession or an accusation to which we were listening? It was on the universality of sin of which my father spoko with such heart moving emphasis. Our lives wero like cupboards having many chambers, somo of which were open indeed to the daylight and tho gazo of all men, but there wero others jealously closed and lockod. Wo could mako their out side beautiful, we could keep the eyes of all men from penetrating beneath that fair exterior. Wo could look thorn with a cunaing and secret key, so that no hand save our own could lay bare the grisly Bpectre that lurked within. Yet our own knowledge, or what wo had grown to call conscience, sat in our hearts and mooked us.' Sometimos the great white light swept into' the hidden places, thoro was a tug at our heartstrings, 'and behold tho seal had fallen away. And in that church, my father added slowly, "he doubted whother any one could say that within him those dark places were not." Suddenly his calm tonsa eloquence became touched frith passion. His pale face gleamed, and hia eyes were lit with an inward fire. Gesture and tone moved to the beat of a deeper and more subtle rhetoric. He was pleading for those whoso sin beat about in their bosoms and lay like a dark shadow aoross all the Bweet places of life. Passionate and more passionate lie grow. He was pleading— for whom? We listened entranced. His terrible enrnest- iicbb passed like an electrio thrill into the hearts of all of us. Several women were crying softly ; men sat there with bowed heads, face to face with ghosts long since buried. Bruco Deville was sitting back in his corner with folded arms and downcast head. Adelaide Fortresa was looking steadfastly up towards that pale inspired figure with soft wet eyes. Even the Bishop was deeply moved, and was listening to every word. For my. part thoro was a great lump in my throat. Tho senso of some terrible reality behind my father's impassioned words had left me pale and trembling.' A subtle senso of excitement stole through the church. When ho paused for a moment before his concluding sen tence, there was something almost like a murmur amongst the congregation, followed by another period ot breathlosa suspense. In tho midst of that deep hush a faint sound attracted me. My scat was on a level with tho open door, and I gluuced out. A man was leaning against tho porch — a mail in very grievous condition. Hia clothes were disordered and torn, and thero was a great stain on the front of hiB coat. I alono had glanced away from tho preacher in the pulpit towards him, and whilst I looked tho sound which had first attracted ine wub repeated. A law, faint moan scarcely louder than a whisper passed from between his lips. Ho Btood thoro support ing himself with his hands against tho wall. His lined faco was turned townrds mo, and, with a thrill of horror, I recognised him. I half roso from my seat. Tho man yras either ill or dying. Ho seemed to he making frantic signs to me. I tried my utmost to signal to Mr. Churlesworth, but, liko all tho rest, his oyes Beeinod riveted upon the pulpit. Before I could leave my seat or attract anyone's attention he had staggered through the door into tho church itself. Ho stood leaning upon a vacant chair a wild, disordered object, with blood Btnins upon his hands and clothes, and his dark'cyes red and gleaming fiercely beneath his wind-tossed mass of black hair. So fascinated was the congregation that save myself only ono or two stray people had noticed hiin. He Btood amongBt tho shadows, and only I, to whom his profile appeared against the background of the open door, was able to mark the full and terrible disorder of his person. And while I waitod, numb with some nameless fear, tho preacher's voice rang once mora through tho building, and men and women bowed their heads before the sweet lingering passion of those sad words. " Tho wages of sin are death. For all things may pass away save sin. Sin alono is eternal. Sin alono must stamp itself wherever it touches with an undying and everlasting mark. Retri bution is liko the tides of the sea, which no man's hand can stay ; and Death rideB her barque upon the rolling waves. You and I and evory man and woman in this world whom sin has known — alas 1 that thoy should bo so many — have looked into her marble face, have felt the touch of her pitiless hands, and ' the cold despair of her unloving embrace. For thero is Death spiritual and Death physical, and many of us who bear no traces of our past in the pre sent of to-day, have fought our grim battle with the death — tho— death " And then my father's words died away upon his lips, and the whole congregation knew what had already thrown mo into an agony of terror. The man had staggered to tho bottom of the aisle, aud tlio sound of his shuffling movements and the deep groan which accompanied them had drawn many eyes towards him. His awful plight stood revealed with pitiless distinctness in tho open-space where be was now standing. The red blood dripped from his clothing upon thebare stone floor, a foam which was like tho foam of death frothed at his lips. He stood there the focus of all horrified eyes, swaying to and fro as though on the eve of collapse, his armB out stretched, and liis eyes flashing red fire upon the thin almoBt spectral like figure of the preacher now leaning over 'towards him from the pulpit. The slight color forced intt my father's cheekB l-y the physical . effort of his impassioned oratory died away._ To his very lips ho was as white as the surplice he wore. Yet he did not lose his nerve or falter for a moment.' He motioned to Sir. Cbarlesworth and the other church warden, and both left their places and hurried down the aisle towards the wild 'tragical looking figure. J ust as they reached him the cry which his lips had twice declined to utter, burst out upon tlio tense breathless silence. He made a convulsive movement forward, as though to spring liko a wild cat upon that calm, dignified figure looking down upon him with unfaltering and unflinching gaze. Judas I You, Judas I Oh 1 My God t" HiB hands, thrown wildly out, fell to his side. He sank back into tho arms of one of those who had hurried from their places at my. father's gesture. A last cry more awful than anything I have over heard woke hideous echoes amongst the worm-eaten black oak beamB, and before it bad died away I saw Adelaide Fortress gliding liko a -black wraith from her scat and fall on her knocs by the fainting man's side. My father lifted up his arma, and with , a deep, solemn tremor in his tone pronounced the Benediction. Then with hia surplice flying around him he came swiftly down tho aisle iietwccn tho little crowd of horrified poople. They all fell back at his approach. He sank on ono knee by the sido of the prostrate man, and lookod steadfastly into his face. The coiigre-- gation all awaited in their places, and Alice, who was only partly aware of what waa going on, commenced to play a soft voluntary. There was somo whispering for a moment or two. Then they lifted him up and carried the lifeless body out into the open air. My father followed close behind. For a few minutes there was an uneasy Bilence. People forgot that the Benediction had been pro nounced, and were uncertain whether to go or, stay. Then someone made a start, and one by one tlioy got up and left the church. Lady Naselton paused and sat by my tide for moment. She was trembling all over. "Do you know who it was" she whispered. I shook my head. " 1 am not sure. It was a stranger. Was it not?" She shuddered. " It was either a stranger or my guest, Mr. Berdenstein. I only caught a glimpse of his face for a moment, and I could not be sure. He looked bo horrible." She paused, and suddenly discovered that I was half fainting. " Come out into tho air," she whispered. I got up and went out with her just in time. They had carried him into a. distant corner of the churchyard. My father, when ' he saw us standing together in a little group,' came slowly over as though to check our further advance. His face was haggard and drawn. He seemed to walk with difficulty, and underneath his sur plice I could see that one hand was pressed to his side. - / "The man ia dead," ho said quietly. "There must have been an accident or a fight. No one seems to know whero he came from." " I wonder," remarked the Bishop thought fully, " why he Bhould have dragged himself up to tho yliurch in such a plight. One of those cottages or the Vicarage would have been nearer." " Perhaps," my father answered, gravely, " he was struggling for Sanctuary." And the Bishop held up his right hand towards the sky with a solemn gesture. "God grant that he may have found it," he prayed. Chapter X. There followed for me after these solemn words of tho Bishop, a phantasmagoria of human faces, and sky and tree tops, and a singing -in my cars, how loud, bow - soft, in which all other sounds and movements seemed blended. I have on indistinct recollection of tho walk home, .and of finding myself in my own room. Then memory gradually faded away from me. Blank unconsciousness enrol- loped me like a cloud. Tho next thing I remember is waking up one morning as though after a terrible dream— a night of nightmares — and finding the room half full of medicine bottles. I looked around me faintly curious, inexpressibly hewildered ; I suddenly realised that I had been ill, I was not alone. Alice wub standing over me, her round. honeBt little face beaming with plea sure and her under lip quivering. "You are better," she Baid softly. . " I am so glad." " How long have I beon here,!' I asked. She sat down by my sido. " A week to- morrow I Just think of it." I closed my eyes. The little scene in the churchyard had suddenly risen up again before my eyesc My head commenced to swim. I asked no more questions. The next morning I waa stronger. I sat up ill bed and looked around. The first thing which I noticed was that the room was full of tho most beautiful flowors. I stooped over a vase of rases and smelt them. The air was almost faint with their delicioUB perfume. "Where did they all come from?" I asked Alice. Sho laughed in rather an odd manner. " From whom do you suppose ?" she asked. "How.Bhouldl know?" I proteBted.faintly. "I have not an idea ?" . "From your bite noire," sho exclaimed, pluck ing off ono of tlio yellow blossoms ond placing it upon my pillow. I still looked blankly at her. Sho laughed. " Can't you really gueBs f she asked. I shook my head. I really had no idea. "From Mr.- Deville. Ho has called'' nearly every day to ask aftor you." It was surprising enough, but I said very little. I Bupposc I was not considered strong enough then to hear any news of importance, but several days later when I was sitting up Alice looked up from the hook she was reading aloud to me, and told mo something which I know sho must have had vory hard work to have kept to herself for so long. "Father is to he made a canon, Kate," she 'said triumphantly. I looked up at her bawildercd. I had for gotten all about Ladv Naselton'B plans on his behalf. The latter part of this terrible Sunday had haunted me like a nightmare, usurping ail my thoughts. There had been little room for other memories. A canon !" I repeated feebly. " Do you mean it, Alice ?" Sho nodded. "Tho bishop came hero from Lady Nasel ton's. Ho said a lob of nlco things, to father about his sermon on— that Sunday night— you remember." , " It was a wonderful sermon 1 " I whis pered. , . ' " So the Bishop thinks, so ovoryone thinks," Alice declared with enthusiasm. "1 shall never forget how I felt. And he had no notes or anything." "It was the most realistic sermon I over hoard, " I said with a littlo shudder. It was like a sceno from a play. It was wonder ful." Alice looked up at me quickly. Doubtless my voico had betrayed some agitation. She laid her hand upon my arm. "Don't think about it this evening," she begged. "I quite forgot, father especially for- bado my Bpeaking of it to you. It muBt have been terrible for you to have been so near it all. I can't imagine what I should have done. I could see nothing from behind tho organ screen, you know." I leaned over and looked at her. " Alice, I do not want to talk about it, but I want to know how it ended. You muBt tell mc that." She hesitated for a moment. "He was quite dead," she said slowly. " Thero was an inquest, and they decided that he must havo been attacked somewhore in the wood between the downs and tho Yellow Houbo. There were all the marks of a struggle within a few hundred yards of tho road." "Did tliey bring in a verdict of murder?" I asked. Alice nodded. "Yos," she assented gravely. "He waB murdered. It seems that ho was lately como from abroad. He bad been staying at Lady Naselton'b, but she know scarcely, anything about him. He was kind to hor son abroad. I think th»t they just knew hiB name, and that was all. They had no idea where to send to or if he had any near relatives aliro. It was all vory odd." " Was ho robbed ?" I BBked. .... "No. His watoli and monoy were found in his pocket undisturbed. If anything was taken from it it must have been papers only. The police are trying hard to find a clue, but they ay it is a very difficult caso. No ono saema to have aeon him at all after he left Naeeltoa HalL "v. \- 1 caught at the aide of my chair. "No one ?— at all 1" I asked. "Not a soul." ' I was silent for a moment. The walls of my little chamber had suddenly opened. I saw again from the edgo of the moor that' lone figure coming down the hillside towards ub. I saw that strango light flashing in my father's face, and I heard the greeting of the two men. A Bick dread was in my heart. ' "WaB father called as a witness?" I asked.- "No! why should ho bo? The man was a stranger to him. Ho had nover seen him' boforo." I closed my eyes and laid back. Alico bent- over mo anxiously. "I ought not to have talked about this . to; you," slio said. "Fathor absolutely forbade me to, but you wanted to know the end so much. Promise me not to think - of it any more." Promise not to think of it any mora. As if only I could have made that promiso and kept it. My sister's mildly protesting words Bocmcd charged with the subtlest and most bitter of all1 irony. Already Bome faint premonition of the burden which I was to bear seemed dawning upon me. I remained silent, and kept my eyes closed. Alice thought that I was asleep. But' I know that sleep was very far off. The white hate-filled face of that dying man was before me. I saw the silent challenge and the silent duel which had passed between those two, the central figures in that marvellous little drama — one; the challenger, ghastly pale even to.the tremulous lips, wild and dishevelled, -my father looking down upon him with unauailinc mien and proud still face. One moment more of life, a few more beats of the pulses, and that sentence— and that sen- ' tence— what would it havo grown to? Tfelt myself shivering as I lay there; " Did you say — that father was away now ?" I asked Alico. ; She nodded. " Yes, he is staying with the bishop for a few days. I should not be surprised if he came home to-day, though I have written to him' by every poBt to let him know how you are, and ho was most anxious to hear directly you were well enough to talk. I have been disobeying him frightfully." Again I closed iny eyes, and feigned sleep.. I had -heard what Alice had not, the sound of wheels bolow. Suddenly' she laid dawn her work and started up. It was my father's voice, bidding the cabman " Good-night." : "I must go down to him, Kate," she declared, springing up. " I won't leave you alone for more than a minute or two." \- But when the minuto or two had elapsed and there was a knock at my door, it was not Alice who had returned. I answered in a low voice, and my father entered. (To be Continued.) v. ; .;. - 