John Humphrey's Strange Guest. Br FANNIE EDEN" Author of " The White Slaves of London " Motherless" etc., etc. CFTA P I'KR TI. (Continued) THE ARRIVAL OF THE GUEST. Breathl^s wish excitement, T fl*w up to mv room, where nurse was mak ing- up the fir<* for the evening ; for here T often sat in preference to beingin frrtindfaih^'s study, whi*ie generally hp did cofhing but doze awsy the time till he went to bed. * Nurse ! nurse !' and I danced round on mv toes and clapped my bands. something has happened ; something has really happened ! There's a gentleman downstairs, and grandpapa'a actually asked him to stay—for a visit, I mean. And he's forgotten we've never had late cinner for years, and he's coolly ordered an extra nice one for night o'clock. Fancy poor cook's consternation. I don't suppose we've a thing in the house for dinaer ; for you know grandpapa and I have nothing in a general way but broad and milk for our early sapper.' Nurse simply sank into a chair speeckleas, her hands in the air. Then she lifted up her voice, and spoke in tones of solemn triumph : 4 Perhaps now, Miss Eve, you'll laugh and jeer no mors at my dreams. Didn't 1 tell you this morning that something was going to happen, as I dreamed of a coach and six last night ?' * So you did, nurse,' 1 said, willing to humour her in that or in anything, I was in such a joyful, happy frame of mind. But nurse, seriously, what 1 sh&il; we do about dinfc?' ^ursf* nodd*-^ her bead sagely. * Don't yn» trouble youraeif about that, Miss Eve. Leave Jacobs and cook alone for not letting the h<inotar of the old house suffer. Tbt-re'll be a good dinner served to-night, if they have to beg, borrow, or steal for it. It's not that that's troubling me, Miss Eve, darling; but something of fur more importance—anj Ifiat is, what my young inistresH shall put on.' * Me ?' T cried, in ungrainmatical and big-eyed amazement. Why. what else 4 can I put on but my best brown merino ?' For never since I could remember had there been any variation in my toilet—my best dress for Suuday, and my second-best for week-days. Nurse bridled, and looked at me with a superior air of mii.gltd compassion and reproach. * I trust, Miss Eve, if we hsv&'t of late years been in the habit of receiving company, that I know a little better what is due to the family than to let my young lady appear at late dinner, when visitors are present, in such attire as that. No ; something must be done, though I'll be bothcied if I know what yet. There, child, don't s,»euk a word ; leave toe to thiuk it out alone.' Which I very gladly did, while 1 sat down on the hearthrug beside her, in a strange, sweet, quivering excitement, because ' something' had happened to break up the dull monotony of my existence. And surely the pictures I saw that night in the fire, as I waited for nurse to think out the slrang««y new and delightful problem as to the change in my hitherto dun-coloured costume, were as glo.ving and wonderful as girl had ever seen. CHAPTER III. FRESH SURPRISES. Oh, nurse, is it leilly and truly me? I cried, in a tone of rapt and ecit&tic; s t 1 awe ; for nuisp, after her hand had put m :l.e last finishing touches to my toilette, hid led me triumplixntlv to 3 Irng minor, where was nct'ti, in pluc* of the usual demure trowD-clad little figure to which I rnreiv vouchsafed second platice, a stately maiden clad in a dainty robe of satin of the exquisite creamy pinky shade of the Gloue de Dijon rose. Real Jacf, c-elicate and ccstly, fell in soft folds where it was optn ut the tifck, and veiled my plump, round aims from the ell-ow. She hud litiffVd out my solt, brown hair about my f?-ce in some woDdeiful way, and had piled it into a gieat knot at the back of my head. She bad wanted lo twine a stiings of pearls in and out amongst it, and .-mother about my throat : but this I would not allow, seme innate sense telling me that this would have me look over-dreesed. B»n without them I felt satisfied, and gaz?d long and fixedly at myself; then turned eyes of big wonder at nurse, and slowlv j and solemnly ejaculated, JNurse, I'm 4 prrttv, and I never knew it before !' ' And not to be wondered at if you didn't nurse said, with a contemptous glance at my cast-off brown merino. ' I'd dsfy Beauty and the Beast herself to look anything in the clothes you'vthad to put on ; not that you'll ever come up to your ma, Miss E\e, if you live to be a hundred •' ' Was she so very lovely, nurse ]' I said wistfully. ' Av, Miss Eve, that she were ! Not but vthat 3'ou're just her height and figure, as you can see by that dress as was one of her wedding trousseau ; but, there, Miss Eve, vou mustn't stay any longer — go downstairs nows' for, Narcissus like, I was still gazing at my own 'sweet loveliness' with a sirungf feeling of delighted awe. With a sigh I tore myself away walking with my back bent and my head twisted round so as to catch the full f fleet of th® sweep of the train, the first I had ever worn in my life ; and continuing to do so ever and anon, T swept down ihe big, wide staircase. At the bottom I stopped in dismay, for I saw approaching me along the great corridor a tall, fine-looking gentleman attired in iramacalate eveuing dress. lie also had come to a sudden full stop, and was gazing at rac in much the same dismayed fathion. We both recovered ourselves enough to proceed—I with a stately curtso?, he with a bow—when something in the face seemed to ptrike me familiarly, and ' Oh dear !' I cried with a sigh of relief, ' it's only ycu ! If I didn't think some other special friend of grandfather's had arrivpd and had been induced to stop. How different yo" look nnw from what you did with your shooLing-clothes on, to be sure !' And I was conscious, as I spoke, of a shade of disapprobation in ray voice ; for T really didn't think he looked quite so nice. He was at my side in a moment, looking me down with a gaze half quizzical, half wondering, and wholly full of fun. * MisB Humphrey, can it be possible ! Do you know as I saw you approaching out of the dimness yonder and emerging i:ito the light, I had a feeling that I had entered into an enchanted castle, and that you wete one of your stately ancestor*, who hud some uncanny power to step at pleasure out from her frame on the wall there and perambulacu the scene of her former haunts Fair lady,' he went on, bowing and offering his arm with great dignity, * will you occupy the half-hour before dinner in taking me round this grand old hall and showing ine these very fine old oil paintings T I said, ' Oh, I will do that with pleasure !' and I laid my hand daintily on his arm, and we commenced to walk round. But before looking at all those tiresome, ugly, old people—for the pretty and young ones were quite the exception—I did so long to knaw the result of his critical survey of my dress just now. Why couldn't he speak out and tell me what he thought now. At last I could bears it no longer. Half poutingly, half wistfully, I looked up at him, and said : ' You might say something about it, I think.' ' About what V and again he came to a standstill, and looked at me wondering]/. ' Why, my lovely dress,* I said ; 4 it's the very first pretty one I've ever bad on in my life. I always wear those ugly, biown, useless ones, you know, like the one I had on when von met me. I did hope you'd think I looked nice in this.' How he threw back his head and laughed ! ' Nice in this,' he said, and now a look half reverential, half tender cam* to hit eyes, such as I've sine* 5een in them when baby girls have toddled to him and put their hands into hig. ' Nice ! why, nice ' isn't the word; 4 you are limply charming, and you look so fair and stately that, as I said, I didn't know you. But, Miss Eve, if I daresay so, I've seen you when you've made an even more lovely picture.' * You could not have done,' I said firmly ; * for I've n«ver, never had a dress on that's made me look pretty till to-night.' Again his keen eyes looked into mine, as though to read me through ; then his face cleared and broke into a happy, pleased smile. 4 I mean,' ho went on, ' the picture I saw this very evening of a woodland fairy, with eoft, brown hair, blown into tendril* by the wild west wind, and wreathed round with scarlet berries, that vied with the scarlet of her cheeics.' I looked quickly into her face, for I hought he was laughing at me ; but . • :„ I - ,1 . , omething in his deep, earnest eyes ade me turn quickly away, end say hurriedly ; ' P-'e.ise ler me show you the paintings now. This,' p intmg- to one a ; haphazard, ' is my great, greiit, gnat giandmuthur. Tiiry say i un like her.' I was brought to mv senses l>y a stifled laugh, and I looked up quickly, to perceive that I, in my confusion, was intimating a Iarje, red facei.' woman, weighing at least fifteen stone clad in i'(g*l scarlet, that toned wu: with her rubicund countenance. I hurst into a merrv peal, that woke startled fchoes in the dim coriidcr. Mr Hilidav joined in my mirth. Alter that we went on5 feeling perfectly a; home together. At last we came to the far end. wh»re another of the house wan shut off by thick, muffl -d doors. * Let us go down here,' he said. 1 feel as though I should like to explore c farthei' ; aud he put his hand on the door. But T drew him away, saying, in started whisper : 4 Noj no ; we never go there. Come away !' ' But why ?' be said. I looked about to see that no servant? were near, then whimpered : ' That i> the wing that is haunted.' He laughed mernly. and said ; Then 1 you possess the luxury of a ghost ?' 1 Oh, plens<*, don't laugh !' 1 said ; ' a' least, not so near hero. The hoiror oi Alton Grange is no imaginary one. It was down there, in the fimt room to the right, wher« unclo was killed j ist eighteen years ago this next Christmas Eve.' lie had drawn near to me. and was looking with a startled earuestne&s; iuto my f;ice. ' Tell me all about if,' he said. ' I don't know very much more than that,' I said, ' Nurse will never speak of it, and, of course I daren't mention it to grandfather, for it was that terrible event which turned him into the foor broken, nervous reclusn that you see him now. I only know that somehow he was murdrred in that room ; that the awful shock of the affair killed my mother, who gave birth to me that very night.' * And you have never heard how it was done, er who did i' ?' ' No, never! It may be it was some burglar, who, after the crime, got right away ; for I heaid he was never caught.' He was sull looking down at me, and now his eyes were full of a great pitving sadness, 4 Poor child he murmured ; poor 1 child !' 4 V s,' ^ said, and mv owu eyes now e brimmed up with a sudden gre<t selfpity , for that awful d«ed robbed me 1 of mother, father, and uncle at one stroke ; for poor father went away, they said, the very night that I was born and that he was made a widower But I cannot help but think that some day he'll forgive me—the unconscious cause of all his grief—and come back, and let me pour out on him all the love that seems sometimes so biz that it almosts breaks my heart.' And then such a strange thing happened. He took my two bands aud pressing them firmly in his, looking at me with eyes that were aI?o fall of tears, said : 4 Cherish that feeling, for it has been given yoa from God, and never cease to pray that some time, and in some way, Hd will bring your father home. (To be continued.) 