I A CLEVER DOCTOR. B prsssburg on tho Danube, overlooked by tho B Little Carpathians, riaiug up, as it were, from B its very Btreots, and by the great gloomy oastle, B In wliioh tho Hungarian nobles onoo swore to M die " fr our Maria. Theresa," may bo fitly 11 called one of tho dead oities of. Hungary. For Si mnny a hundrod years it was the oapital of tho H kingdom of St. Stephen and the crowning plnoo 9 of oil its monorolis. Since 1848, however, it 9 has been but the sorrowful shadow of its former 9 self. The palaces of its kings and prinoes have H (,een turned into schools, barracks and tenement 93 house., and its quaint, narrow, orooicea streets in ere comparatively silent and deserted. Tho PI onoo stately onstlo, on the summit of a steep hill 1 tiling out of tbo Danube and commanding a 11 view of the entire eity and of tho low lying HI plains beyond, is a relic of tho glorious past. Its dark grey windowless walls, its weird rooks, weedy walks and guestless chambers onoo gay with love and laughter, know now no life or movement but tbe wind's wild wail and the Jove bird's, song. Tbe dust is historio, tbe air redolent of heroism, and even the profane visitor fears that the noiso of his footstep or tho sound ef his voice may awaken the ghosts of tbe illus trious dead. Fressburg is now tho favorite residence of retired officers and oivil servants, whoso modest pensions forbid them the luxury of lifo in Vienna or Budnpesth. Honoe it is facetiously known as Feneionopolis. Still, there is n oertain sprink ling of wealthy land owners and Hungarian mag nates about, who find suflloicnt amusement and rsorcation in tho now theatre nnd tbe splendid \- park and restaurant on the other side of the broad Danube, which is spanned by a seemingly endless bridge of boats. In tho Miohnell-street — one of the quaintest and most cbaraotcrlstio survivals of the old city — standB a three- storied house, with a covered balcony on the first story, whioh was tenanted some few yonrs ngo. by Forenoz Vaizary, n man who, having spent the best years of his lifo ns an officer, a rebel, a condemned political felon and an exile, wound up his chequered oareer as a civil administrator, and bad lately retired, broken down in health, on a very modest pen sion. His son, a lawyer, contributed materially to tho family budget, and enabled him to exor cise that minimum of hospitality which is indis pensable in a house where there are two marri ageable daughters. Of, these two daughters, Thorosa, tho elder, was popularly known as tho llose of Fressburg. Her beauty was of a typo whieh only a painter can reproduce, and a prince of painters could hardly do justice to Thorosn Vnszniy. Her benuty and her personal charms— which were indissoliibly blended— could be seen reflected in men's fncos, as those of . Helen were in the admiring gaze of the. old Humeric heroes. .In conversation her soft, liquid eyes would gleam as with intellectual fire in the shadow of liar dark, . luxuriant tresses, which she occasionally allowed to. fall baok on her shapely shoulders. When she sat on the black oaken stool in. the .lofty mediaeval chamber, with its soft, subdued light, weaving sweet strung spells from tho oliords of her harp, she held evoryboarer in thrall as complete as that of Oiroe. . . Theresa had hardly been " out " moro than a eouple of months when she reoeived an offer of marriage, whioh she aecopted, and her parents approved, without a moment's hesitation. Far she was desporately in love with Albort Komarek, and was too honest and naive to en deavor to conoeal her passion.! | Her hoart was oaptivated by the imaginative poet and manly patriot, while her parents' goodwill was won by the wealthy soion of an illustrious house, to whose ambition all careers wero open and to 2 whoso happiness none was indisponsablo. Many il a loving mother had sought to oapture Komarek ; for her daughter, but he solemnly assuted his f- friends that.be was not a marrying man J and ; thoy implioitly believod him. Ho was of, the | stuff, thoy averred, of whioh monks and £ anchorites are made, and none of those who t. know him best would have been surprised had 1; they been told one morning that IComarek had ;5 fiod from the world and taken the cowl among lj, the Carthusians, Trapplsts or Vallombroainus. f, During the 32 years of his life he had never be- ,i fore shown any susceptibility to female beauty ; s had never fallen a slave to n noble or ignoble | passion. In a word, now that the fresh fervor : of his flrst love became manifest, it was agreed ? on ail hands that he was an ideal bridegroom | and would make a most desirable husband. | Tho engagement lasted only three months. | In quiet littlo cities like'Fressburg people of the | same circle know eaoh other as thoroughly as if 3 thoy were all members of the samo family, so 3 that there was no motive for delaying the mar- 9 riage. The banns were duly published, the 9 invitations to the religious oercmony issued and H all arrangements made for the wedding tour 9 to Roumnnin, Bulgaria, Orceoo and Italy. 3| Komarek's widowed mother offered oertain 1 mild objections to a journey in Grseco and Bul garia, on the score of insufficient comfort and seourity, but the engaged bounlc laughed her fears to scorn, and every detail was 'Anally agreed to.. " . One Indian summer's morning, early in Oofco- ber, the bridal party assembled in: tho old cathedral of St. Martin— a vast and venerable Gothio structure, before whioh stands a famouB statuo of the patron saint himself, in the curi ously inappropriate oostume of a Hungarian hussar. The bride, who was simply attired in tho traditional white wedding gown and orango blossoms, and wore no jewellery whatever, never looked so Boulful, charming and queenlike as on that most evontfnl day of her life. Half an hour later she was carried out of the ohuioh senseless. The bridegroom's absence, at first attributed to a misunderstanding, was at i'jf dsolnrod inexplicable, nnd tho shock nearly killed Theresa. Komarek, It was boliovod, had Client the night In a oountry liouso of his on tho other side of the river, some few miles distant ; but the messenger sent thither to in quire brought baok tho significant \answer that he had not been soon near the a place. His mother, who seemed to have tompnrnrily lost hor reason, stated that ho had loft tho bouse on the ovening before at about 7 o'olnok. She believed he would roturn ju a short time and retire early to bed. Not finding him, however, in tho morning, Bhe I landed he had been to his oountry house and I i ' i l,a,baod the night thero. Now she feared he 9 n,, 'alien a victim to some mishap or orime. jg the friends of both families wero dismayed, I ,f"'lr0 population was oxoitcd, and rumors j It : censational kind began to oiroulate. :8 i -here wero no sure data for theories or | hypotheses, and that is why tho mystery re- | mamed » mystory, although the polios were mdefatignblo nnd tho deteotives ubiquitous. Suioide? Murder? Accident? Eaoh was pes- aible, none very probable ; but the least likely explanation, in tho absence of positivo foots was that Komarek had perished in some acci dent. One day— it might havo been throe weeks after tho bridegroom's disappoaranoe — a peasant oalled at tho police offioe and stated that he bad soon a dead body in a sort of oave near tho river. It was at once taken to the station, where tlio rotations reoognised it as that of Albert Komarek, and tho surgeons as tho re mains of a man murdered with a knifo or dagger, with which two absolutely mortal wounds had beon inflioted, ono in the baok 'and tbo other in tho head. No trace of the sharp instrument was found ; no cluo to tbo mnrdorer. In a word, everything remained ns mysterious as before. Komarok's widowed mother sent an urgent request to the authorities at Budapeath to have the murder investigated without delay. They replied that they had already given the necessary instructions to Deteotive Beothy, who had taken tho matter in hand and would not roBt until the matter was fully cleared up. But days and woeks passed by and nothing was done. The death of her bridegroom nearly killed Theresa Vnszory. Sho never left the house nor received any friends down to Christmas, when, roluotantly yielding to tho earnest entreaties of her parents, she consented to appear in soolely once more ; but sho told them emphatically that in no ciroumstanoes would sho marry or en- courago any young man to pay her special atten tion. This declaration was a terrible blow to tho girl's mother, who had already received over tures from T.ajos Eotvoi. a most " nroBentable " young merchant, whose father oarried on a pros- porous business in Budspesth and Pressburg, nnd was said to possess a considerable balance at his banker's. Eotvos, who was highly respected by all ProsBburg, was a constant visitor at tho Vaszary'sj he studied iho tastes, predilections and prejudices of the old folks, left nothing unsaid or undone to further his" suit, nnd was moved by the most tender solioi- tilde for the health of the young lady. His dolicaoy of feeling forbade him to onmmunioate direotly with tho girl herBelf, but her parents wore nil tbe more eager to obtain her consent. Theresa loved her parents dearly, and would have saorifiood much to fulfil thoir behests, but in this matter of marriage she was as lnex- orablo as her parents were importunate. The mental nnd moral strngglo that ensued within her completely ruined her health, nnd the family doctor felt so alarmed that he insisted on calling in a specialist for nervous disorders, who bad just come from Paris to settle in Buda- pestli. Tliis pliysloian, Dr. Szcntivany, frankly informod the parcntB that tho girl must be allowed to havo her own way uncon ditionally, otherwise lie would not answer for her lifo. He also had a friendly talk with Eot vos, the suitor, explained the situation to him, and. aBked him, for a momen, at least, to abandon all thoughts of espousing - the girl. Eotvos replied that he would as soon think of abandoning his lifo ; but he finally consented, if only Thoiosa would see him once and accept somo littlo present ns a keepsake. This was satisfactorily arranged. Ho gave her a bracelot, and promised to eonsldcr her in future merely as an acquaintance. Theresa's health gradually improved, owing to the enre bestowed upon her by Dr. Szentivnny nnd Madame Komarek, who, at the physioian's request, constantly kept her company, and her life was soon deolared out of danger. One evening thero was a quiet family party at the Vaszarys", at whioh Dr. Szontivany and Madnme Komarek took part. Theresa was turning ovor the pages of n magnificent illustrated edition of Schiller's Bell, when the doctor, turning to Madame Komarek, remarked, "That is a pretty bracelet on Theresa's wrist. Parisian workmanship, I daresay. It certainly, was not made here." "I have no idea. I take- little interest in other people's presents., Theresa, doar, would you let the doctor have a look at your bracelet?" Theresa seemed surprised, and perhaps a little annoyed at tbe strange request, but she removed the bracelet' and handed it in sileaoe to the doctor. Of massive gold, it was ornamented with an anchor inlaid with tnrqnoises, bnt seemed suoli a bracelet as might have been made in Tnny city or town of the oivilissd world. Why the physician should hnve thought Paris alone worthy or skilful onough to turn out suoh a simple article was a mystery. It was a much greater mystery, how ever, why the sight of it should cause Madame Komarek.to fall fainting on the floor.' It was exceedingly unfortunate, too, for it gave a very savers shook to the system of the young girl, who insisted on knowing the cause of the lady's sudden illness. " Tiiat bracelet, there . . . is ... my son's ; the man . . . devil . . . that gave it to you is his murderer. Oil, God i . . . you wear ... my . . . son's ... murderer . . . who " "Eotvos gave " stammered Theresa, hut her tongue having uttered a few unintelli gible monosyliabio sounds, gradually ceased to move, and she never spokb again. Tho shook had killed her. After the funeral Theresn's brother (the law yer), Dr.' Szcntivany, (and Mndama Komarek met together for the purpose of taking notion of some kind. The lady, wlio was still suffering from great nervous . irritability, maintained that Eotvos, who sought Theresa's hand after her son's death, was her son's murderer. Tho braoelct had been selected by herself, and was in her son's pocket at the timo of his death. It was to havo been presented to his bride on tho morning of tho wedding. Eotvos could only come into possession of it after her son's death, and ns the body had remained undisturbed for three weeks lie must havo got it on tbe night of the murder, and therefore he alone could have committed the orime. Besides, he had an in terest to do it, as he wanted to marry Theresa himself. Had the murder been perpetrated by a common eriminal, he would have taken tlio money, tlio gold watch and the rings which wero In hor son's possession, nnd were all found untouohed. The doctor admitted that thero was soma ground for suspialon, cnd_ suggested that Eotvos should be sent for. To this Theresa's brother assented. Tho moment Lnjos Eotvos onterod tho room, and before the physician or the lawyer oonld explain to him tho object of the summons, Madame Komarek, unablo to oontaln herself, bluntly oooused him of having murdered her son; The eifcot produced upon him wsb instan taneous and. profound, hut his attitudo wna not that of a guilty man. He begged mndame to be more explicit, as ho could not understand for the life of him what she was driving at. Tho old lady did not'wnit to bensked twico. " You, sir, are tbe murderer of my son." "For heaven's sake, madnme, moderate your lan guage," exclaimed the late Theresa's brother. " I am alone responsible for what I say, and I repeat that tiint fiend is the murderer. My son had that braaelei in his pookot on leaving his house for the last time. This ruffian not only possessed the bracelet, but had tho audaoity to mako a present of it to my son's bride." " But who told you, madnme, that the hraeelet whioh I gavo tho lamonteil young lady Is the same as the bracelet that belonged to your son?" "I know it, I bought it. I——" "But there are many bracolots like that. Dozens, in fact. It a—" "Now, look hero," said Madame Komarek, growing more and moro oxoitod. " I had a spscisl spring made for the braoeiot. See, I am touching it, here, on the anchor," and as she spoke a olick was heard, the anchor moved on its hinges, and underneath could be read in fine lotters the following inscription,' sur mounted by two hearts "From Albert Ko marek to Theresa VaBzsry, 5th October, 18 — " The effect of this unexpected revelation upon Eotvos was annihilating, but only for a moment. His faco turned as palo as a sheet, his fingers beat the chair mcohanically, the muscles of his face twitohed convulsively. But mastering his emotion, he said, " I am astonished that accu sations of this terribio kind should be mado on suoh absurd grounds. If you were a man, madame, I should know how to call you to ac- oount for your words. But as you are a lady I will eontent myself with saying that I purchased that bracelet there from -Ignaz Bollsrtb, the old broker. Let him toll you how he came by it. And you had hotter, offer now the apologias which you will tlieii be very glad to make me when it will be too late." This ended the matter. Everybody knew Bollorth. Young Vaszary, the lawyer, urged Madame Komarek, therefore, to apologise for her thoughtless and inaulting language, while he and the doctor besought M. Eotvos to pay no atten tion to accusations whioh were no more than the fancies of a disordered brain ; they, of course, never gave any heed to the lady's morbid idoae, and they entreated Eotvos to continue to regard them as his otanoli friends. Facifisd, at length, the young man took his leave, and the party broko up. Private inquiries were at once made as to tho whereabouts of tho broker and curio dealer, Ignaz Bollertb ; for, if Eotvos was spooking tho truth, ho alone could throw any light on the mystery. But ' Bollertb was not in Fressburg, nor even in Hungary. He had left for Odessa, in Russia, eight days before, and his assistant was unable to give his actual address in that city, but Baid he would be back In a month or two. Soon afterwards Dr. Szeativany left Fressburg for Paris. He explained that a new and appa rently infallible ourc for certain forms of cata lepsy . had -been discovered there, and he was desirous of-etudying it in the hospital in which the' disooverer lectured. Meanwhile, nothing more was '.heard of the mystery of Theresa Vaszary. The doctor, however, was not vory long absent. In less than three weeks he was baok in Fressburg, and tho day after his return he called on young Vaszary, (and informed him that Bollertb, tho broker, wob lodged in prison, add ing, "And be denies all knowledge of tbe bracelet. "I suggest' that we should call on Eotvo's at once, .before thejnews leaks out, and hear .what.be has .to say now." Vaszary agrocd to this, and thoy walked over to Eotvos's house. .... The young merehant received them affably. Ono being informed -of tho arrest he made a feeble attempt to smile, and said: "T am heartily glad of it. Now the matter will he cleared up." "Not by Bollertb, I'm afraid," nnswered the duetor. " He stigmatises your story as a lie." "You don't mean to say that he denies having sold m'e the bracelet ?" " He does, most emphatically." "Tho liar." " Ho may be a liar, M. Eotvos, hut so was I when I told you. that I was a doetor. I am now speaking the truth when I tell you that I am Datectivo Beothy, of Budapest!, and propose to arrest you." "You Beothy!" oxoleimed tho lawyer and the merchant in unison. "But bow could you venture to prescribe for my late sis ter?" asked Vaszary, suddenly oblivious of all else. "It . was your family dootor who prescribed, I only signed his prescriptions. He was in my seoret. But this is.by tha.,wey." Eotvos, whose face was green with fear, never moved a musoio. Nodding to Detective Beothy, he said : "lam at your disposition.' But I shall be free again this very evening, therefore I suggest that you do your duty-as. quietly as. possible, as I should not like people to know that I had ever beon seriously suspected of being guilty of audi a horrible orime. Fortunately, I still havo the bill, for the bracelet' signed by Bollertb. Per haps you would like to eea it? That may simplify matters somewhat." "Certainly; bring it," sriefl Vaszary. Beothy seemed un willing to make any concession to Eotvos, but ho said nothing, and the young man went to fotoh the bill. He did not return. The detec tive and the lawyer finally went to his bedroom, whioh they found locked. When the door was foroed Eotvos was seen lying on tlio ottoman, a revolver in his hand, and a bullet in hie heart. On the table lay a sheet of paper, on whioh was written : " I killed Komarek for love of Theresa. Had I lived in former times I should have been regarded as a hero. My contempor aries consider me a criminal, but God will treat me as on innocent victim of pure,- unselfish love. I am how sacrificing my life for the object of my love.— Lsjos Eotvos." ."It's a. terrible pity,".exolaimed Deteotive Beothy ; " for if ever a man deserved an in famous death, that hypocritical scoundrel there is he.- But it's useless to cry ovor spilt milk. I must go and draw up my report." — Batty Tele graph, 