t . r . . — • ' . • DIOQ08E OF i BALLABAT. i „ : (From f our, own Correspondent;) la the rspoAof the opening of'the now ing of Nazareth Home in ; ;tbe "Advo- -^te" of the 38rd ult. tbe Bishop of Ballarat meptioned that the large sum of 488,220 12s. had heep expended'on the nstitution durtafr lwt *igh% yaars. The following flfeurei twill' show, the partioulfvrs :~Original puroha?e of and obttage, £8850; bailding and furnitare, 415,018 19s. ;maihtehaiioe,f 18,05118s.; tptal, £88,22012si 1 The fortnightly meeting of the League of -the Cross was held on the 28th tAt. The BeV. Fr. Fitzthatirioe, iahaplaln of the League, -who preBided, addressed : the \- 1 — 41 — — s -••-«---- and rei few of .„ funie'ra^s. Kjtioh a ouiftott,' Ke^iaidj birbiJgHt undesirable 41assof peopletosuob plaoei. He < {Fr. ^itzmauriQe),-, oondemne.d the fta ^ ^ . o s l j ^ ^ ,wm to i»«OTK!c*isee it by every meet* m As Hf^nm and fcjs«wq»Mij roddrnpest. OB „ . y^f gives by fewn. Afterwards nnmfeer of eoogat by Misses Dnggaa sod Long, * pianoforte dnet by tbe Mnaes Laos aa£ MaJlms, * sa2or*s hornpipe W Mia M. Carroll, ruitst'ions tfjrm IfcP.SmoD,^ an acrobatic perfbnnenee were given, which brought a most cujbjabfo evening to a close. Tbe weekly meeting of the Gstbolie fanog Men's Society was held on last Taeadsy eveiriiJjr, and there wae a good attendance. The ebair v» occupied by Mr. J. Fraaer (vim president), and the B«t. Fr. Phzwaurice fteaitmd director) wtf* aim present, five amDrtkms were received, and one new member was elected. The leaders in the forthcoming debate, " Shoald Free Pastes on Our Railways be Abolished T were selected. The remainder of th« evening was spent in (FrM>a Hhs Oigit ifev: £>r. Mt>M'e is apt present making ttH eprgeoj^/fwtetion of the g. Hamilton missittti? 'iiitjKDi 'Snrrday htt Lordship administered fife Bacrament of Confirmation in St. Mary's to 65 candidates. Maeses were celebrated at 8 and II. Tbe Bev. Fr. Shanaha?, pastor of the mission, officiated at tbe latter, and the Bishop preached from the Goepel of Luke vi., 36-42. In B practical discourse bis Lordship dwelt upon tbe forgiveness of injuries. The command, " Lotfe tby fldgbbottr," was one at present much disregarded among Christians, yet there was none upon wbieh our Divine Lord laid more stress, for in the Sermon on the Mount He-declared, "It was said to thee of old,' Love thy friend and hate thy enemy,' but I say to see,' Do good to tbose who hate you, bless those who eurse you, and pray for those who persecute and calumniate yon.'" Let man not deceive himself (continued the right, rev. preacher), for, if instead of forgiving from his heart his enemies and those who in any way offend him, he harbours towards them ill-will, he can expect no mercy from God. At the conclusion of 7""?. " Shanahan, " ^ Z administered \- ^ J Confirmation. ^ ^ The nature of the Sacrament was lucidly explained. Owing to the largeness of the congregation the candidates were provided with eeats within the sanctuary rails. The girls were neatly attired in white, with wreaths and veils, and the red sashes of the boys contrasted beautifully with the snow white dresses of the girls. Piior to receiving the Sacrament tbe confirmees sang with precision and devotion the appropriate hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost," and the order which characterised their movements as they walked two and two up to the Bishop, then filed to the right and left to resume heir seats, was a graceful and impressive pectacle. His Lordship again addressed he confirmees, remarking that, prior to he coming of the Holy Ghost, the postles were timid and oowardly, ut afterwards profepsed their -faith oldly and courageously. Turning is remarks to the crowded conregation, he expressed his pleasure at seeing them so attentive to the duties of their holy religion. The proceedings terminated with the episcopal blessing, after which the confirmees sang that beautiful hymn, " 'Tis the Month of Oar Mother." The choir rendered Mozart's Twelfth Mass.. • As an offertory niece Mr. O'Kelly sang " Veni Sanete Spiritus," and Miss Stretch the " O ISalutatis " at the Elevation. Mr. Phillips conducted, while. Miss : Campbell presided at the organ. That beautiful preparation for the Holy Sacrifice, "Let Us Adore," was song before the beginning of Mass. At VeBpersin the evening Solemn Benediction was given by his Lordship, thb preacher being the Bev. Fr. Shanahan, who delivered a Well reasoned and practical discourse from the Gospel of J St. Matthew *xviii., 18-20. j His Lordship visited St. Mary's school fi Monday afternoon. .He was received ith a song of " Welcome " by the eachers and children, He took the pportunity of congratulating the children on the very excellent knowledge of the Christian Doctrine exhibited by themjat the,examination]on Saturday t and he oomplimBnted , them, on their lovely and devotional singing, bpfb'iid the ohuroh' iand^he' tbhool. fiaSh'fi' satisfactory state of niMrs indioated > ex^ ojellent children, dxoellent teaoheM, iaad aithful and devoted paitors.•i.JhfylfflSm thankod the children for their oif welcome, iiting in' siibh timei aid 'odnolBaed by O'Eelly,. | whom i he aglaMf&lflBI;^ 