THE blAMOND. A. Bride*". Orro Staarbrucker was the first "witness called: jffle^aye his evidenbfe "with great cl£ame&, Aiid«»nveyed, -with consummate | skill, the impression "of his extreme reluc tance and paiiirat having thus brought his, .former ^.friend Into trouble. Only the, tna¥&£& £bstuusi; of self-protection, on1 behalf of himself-and his sister, and the a3p^fi£pjj%?UBal of the prisoner to * declare' iJhe diamond, had induced him to take "tithett extreme steps of. • informing . the '"'authorities, -.One item, and that an im "jwirtsfat one, was added to the evidence A- tendered byhim upon the occasion of 'the pri&oiner;'s committal. He had omitted the^oCstBte^hat on two evenings, shortly before bis discovery of . the diamond in ^^Fjarpborongh's possession, he bad Been ^^^pjpbner, not &r; from the bouse, in * eamestconversatien with a native. The time was evening, and it was dark, and hewas unable to positively identify the * boyv'^^Hus evidence, as was suggested by counsel for:the prosecution, tended ^niaj^estJyto.conple the prisoner with a . jnafeiye. diamond thief, and thereby to the j^tamning - chain of ' evidence rnjjv ijb^afe, %yound <about Kim, Staar brucker Buffered it to be extracted from himwaiiji ^n; .art altogether," admirable.; He^ad'tior mentioned the fact at the •< •'fermpir ' hearing, thinking it- of trifling Importance. The prosecuting advocate, on the contrary, exhibited it with mani fest Bare and parade, as a most important ,«liiik'in.:the-ctoe.. ££ -?EhiB"piece of -evidence, it may be at onoe stated, was a piece of pure and .fpiaidbuB invention' on Otto's part, an afterthought suggested by seeing Frank once^giye. an order to a native groom. In Hieiiands of himself and a clever advo cate it didits work. In cross-examination, Otto Staarbrucker < •suffered very little at the hands of the ft llefeiiding advocate, skilful though the * latter proved himself. The prisoner's theory ($nd-indeed, perfectly true atory) of his, Staarbrueker's repeated offers of a pifc^pectiiig"partnership, and of his ulti mate rage and vexation upon Frank's refusal, he treated with an amused, Blightly^contemptuous surprise. The man was a finished actor, and resisted all the assaults of- counsel upon this and other points of the story with supreme skill and coolness. The touch of sympathy for the prisoner, too, was never lost sight of. Frank Farnborough, as he glared fiercely at this facile^villain, reeling off lie after lie with damning effrontery, felt powerless. -What could he do or say against such a man? To express -the burning indigna tion he felt, would be but to injure the case the more fatally. With difficulty indeed, while be felt his fingers tingling to be at the slanderer's throat, he re strained himself, as Otto's calm eye occa , sionally wandered to his, expressing, as ' plainly as might be for the benefit of all j jmesent, its sympathy and sorrow at the unfortunate situation of his former friend. The next witness called was 'Miss \- Nina Staarbrucker.' Again there was a j manifest 'Sensation. Miss Staarbrucker was well known in Kimberley, and every eye turned in the direction of the door. There was some delay; at length a pas sage-was made through' the crowded court, and Nina appeared. Before she steps into the witness-box it aUay be well to explain "Nina's attitude and feelings from the morning of the day \- upon which Frank's arrest had been made. > • After cooling down somewhat from the . paroxyim of rage and revenge, which > had "impdled him to tuni traitor upon fiis friend, and deliver him into the > none too tender bands of the detective authorities, Otto Staarbrucker bad > suffered a. strong H_j$vulsion of feeling. He regretted, chiefly for bis own ease and comfort, the rash step he bad taken, and would have given i'good 'deal to retrace it. But the die was irrevocably cast; having chosen his j ~ path, be must perforce follow it. i;j !^He was wellaware of Nina's friendship —fondness he might call it—for Frank ; . her /sympathy would most certainly be enlisted actively on the young man's behalf immediately upon hearing of his; ■'^position. '' At all bazar is she must be kept j quiet. , Shortly before tiffin, he returned j to the house. Calling Nina inf;o the sitting-room, he shut the door and sat; down. , | ' * Nina, he said,' I have some bad news; jfor you.- Don't excite yourself, or make a noise,.but listen carefully and quietly I to what I tell you, and then we'll put our \- heads together and see what is best to be | .done.1 Nina turned pale. She feared some i news of disaster to Otto's business, which latterly, as she knew, had been none too flourishing. Otto went on. s' ljheard, late last night, from an un aocpected quarter, that the detective people had an inkling of an unregistered . diamond in this house. You know very ^ell what that means. I went to Frank ^"arnborongh both late laBt night and early this morning. I begged and en treated him, for his own sake, for all our sakes, to go at once first thing this morn ing and hand oyer and declare the stone. This he refused to do, and in a very insulting way. I bad no other course open for my own safety an yours, but to give the information myself. I artv afraid matters have been complicated by the discovery that the diamond is a De Beer's stone, undoubtedly stolen. Frank is in ^^mpprary, mess, but we shall be able to get tiim out of the difficulty somehow.' Nin&had;,uttered a low cry of pain at the beginning of this speech. She knew too%ell*thedanger, and, as Otto went on, her heart seemed almost to stand still within her. * Ob,' she gapped, ' what is to be done ? What shall we do ? I muBt see Frank at once. Surely an explanation from us both.. should be sufficient to clear him T She rose as she spoke. \ * My dear.Nina ; first of all we must do * nnfliing rash. We shall no doubt be1 easily able to 'get Frank out of this trouble. ThetMng is, of course, absurd. He has been a little rash—as indeed we all have—that is all.'\ For the present you must leave everything to me. I don't want to ,have,';your name dragged into the matter eveii for a day. If there is any serious trouble, you shall be con sulted. .Trust jto me, and we- shall make matters all right.' . By ^ one pretext or another, Otto managed to keep his sister quiet, and to allay her worst fears, until two days after, bywhich time Frank had been sent for trial and was safely in prison. Nina had meanwhile fruitlessly endeavored to pos BessherBoul in patience. When Otto had come in that evening and told her of the news. / Why;-was I not called in evi dence,' she asked fiercely., * Surely I could have done something for Frank, i You seem to me to take this matter—a matter of life and death-—with very ex traordinary coolness. I cannot imagine J whyyou have not done more. You know Fiank is as innocent as -we are ourselves. | We ought to have moved heaven and earth to save him this dreadful degrada-1 tion. What—what can he think of me? ' I shall go to-morrow and see his solicitors and tell them the whole of the facts!' Neit morning, Nina read an account of the proceedings in the newspaper, s It was plainly apparent, from the" report of Otto's evidence,; that there was something .very wrong going on. She taxed her ..brother with it. ' My dear Nina, be reasonable,' he said. ' Of coarse Frank has gotrinto a desperate mess. • I was not going to give myself away, because I happened to know, inno cently, that he had an unregistered dia mond for two or three days in his posses sion. I have since found out that Frank knew a good deal more of the origin of that diamond than I gave him credit for, and it was my plain, duty to protect my self.5 ' This was an absolute fabrication, and Nina more than half suspected it. 4 But you were trying to make arrange ments with Frank, to- prospect, the very place the stone camefromi' said the girl.' * I admit that, fully,' replied Otto calmly. 'But 1 never then suspected that the diamond was stolen. I imagined it^was innocently come by: It waB foolish, tadmit, and I am not ,quite such an idiot, after giving the information I did, to oven now-J&afc-I;^was prepared- 'to go in for a speculation with Frank upon the idea of the jliamgnd^eing an up-country one. Now, clearly understand me, not a word must be said upon this point, or you may 'involve me in just such a mess as Frank is in.9 -r Nina was; fairly, bewildered, and held her peace. ^Matters had taken such as tounding turns. The diamond, it seemed after all, was a stolen,one, and a De Beer's stone to boot; she knew not what to think, or where to turn for guidance and information. ' And- yet, something must be do$e,to help Frank. ' For the next few days, the girl moved about the house like a ghost, seldom speaking to her brother, except to give the~barest replies to &is; scant remarks. Several times she was in a mind to go straight to Frank's solicitor and tell her version of the-whole afiair. But then, again', there were many objections to such a course. She would be received with great suspicion, as an informer from an enemy's camp. After almost insuffer able doubts and heartaches, Nina judged it best to wait until the day of trial, and then and there to give her version of the affair as she knew it. Surely the judge would give ear to a truthful and unpre judiced witness, anxious only to save an honest and cruelly misused inan ! Surely, surely Frank could and would be saved 1 About a week before the trial, she was subpoenaed as a witness on behalf of both prosecution and defence, and finally the day before the terrible day, Otto had a long interview with her upon the subject of her "evidence. Her proof he himself had carefully prepared and corrected with the prosecuting solicitor; excusing his sister upon the ground of ill-health and nervousness, btit guaranteeing her evi dence at the trial. He new impressed upon her, with great solemnity and anxiety, the absolute necessity of her story coinciding precisely with his own. Nina listened in a stony silence and said almost nothing. Otto was not satisfied, and expressed himself so. * Nina,' he said sharply, ' let us clearly understand one another. My tale is simple enough, and after what has oc curred—the finding of a stolen diamond and not an innocent stone from up country—I cannot conceal from myself that Frank must be guilty. You must see this yourself. Don't get me into a mess by any dangerous sympathies, or affections, or feelings of that sort. Be the sensible, good sister you always have been, and, whatever you do, be careful; guard your tongue and brain in court with the greatest watchfulness. Remember, my reputation—your brother's reputation —is at stake, as well as Frank's.' Nina daired not trust herself to say much. Her soul sickened within her; but for Frank's sake, she must be careful. Her course on the morrow was fully made up. She replied to Otto: 'I shall tell my story as simply and shortly as possible. In spite of what you say, I know, and you must know, that Frank is perfectly innocent. I know little about the matter, except seeing Frank with the diamond in his hand that night. You may be quite content. I shali not injure you in any way.' Otto Staarbrucker was by no means satisfied with his sister's answer, but it was the best he could get out of her. He could not prevent—it was too late now— her being called as a witness. Come what might, she was his sister and never would, never could, put him into danger. At last the time had come. Nina made her way, with much. difficulty, to the witness-box; steadily took her stand and was sworn. All Kimberley, as she knew, was looking intently and watching her every gesture. She had changed greatly in the last few weeks, and now looked, - for her, thin and worn—almbst ill. The usual warmth of -her-dark beauty was. lacking. Only an ivory palor was in her face; but the glorious eyes were firm,' open and determined, and honesty and truth, men well might see, were in her glance. She looked once quickly at the two judges and the magistrate sitting with them, and then hereyeB met Frank's and for him a world of sympathy was in them. It did Frank good, and he breathed more freely. Nina, at all events, waB the Nina of old. The prosecuting advocate opened the girl's evidence quietly, with the usual preliminaries. Then very gently he asked Nina if she was well acquainted with the prisoner. Her reply was, 4 Yes, very well acquainted.' 'I suppose,' continued counsel,' I may even call him a friend of yours V *Yes,' replied Nina, 'a very great friend.' * Without penetrating unduly into your private affairs and sympathies, Miss Staarbrucker,' went on the advocate, ' I will ask you to tell the court shortly what you actually saw on the night in question —the night, I mean when the diamond •was first seen by yourself and your brother.' Sere was Nina's opportunity, and she took advantage of it. She told plainly, yet graphically, the story of that evening she portrayed the amazed delight of Frank on the -discovery of the stone, his free avowal oi his find ; the knife in his hand ; the open crocodile on the iable : the pebbles previously taken from the reptile's stomach. She went on with her story with only such pauses as the taking of the judge's notes required. Counsel, once or twice, attempted to pull her up ; she was going much too fast and too far to please him; but the court allowed her ' to complete her narrative. She dealt with the next two days. Mr.. Farn borough had kept the diamond, it was true. He was puzzled to know what to do with it. He had, finally, announced his intention of giving it np and declaring it, and he would undoubtedly have' done so, but for his arrest. The stone might have been stolen, or it -might not, but Mr. Farnborough, as all his friends knew, was absolutely incapable of stealing diamonds or of buying diamonds, know ing them to be stolen. The stone came into his possession in a perfectly innocent manner, as she jcould and did testify on oath. As for her brother's suspicions, she could not answer for or understand them. For two days, he at all events had had none; she could not account for his sudden change. Spite of the judge's cautions, she concluded a breathless little harangue—for she had let herself go com pletely now—r-by expressing her emphatic belief in Frank's absolute innocence. She had finished, and in her now deathly pale beauty was leaving the box. There were no further questions asked by counsel upon either side. Nina had said far too much for the one, and the advocate for the defence judged it wiser to leave such a runaway severely alone. Who knew in .what direction she might turn next ? He whispered regretfully to his solicitor : ' If we had got hold of that girl, by George l we might have done some good with her—with a martingale and double bit on.' The senior judge, as Kina concluded, remarked blandly—for he had an eye for beauty—' 1 am afraid we have allowed you a good deal too much latitude, MisB Staarbrucker, and a great deal of what you have told the court is quite inadmis sible as evidence.' As for Otto, he had stared with open mouth and fixed glare at his sister during her brief episode. He now heaved a deep breath of relief, as he watched the judges. * Thank God 1' he Baid to himself savagely under his breath, 4 she has over done it, and spoilt her own game—the little fool 1' .Nina moved to her seat and sat now faint and dejected, watching with feverish eyes for the end. The 6ase for the prosecution was soon finished. Three witnesses, experts of wfcllknown reputation andttnimpeachable character, testified to the fact that the stone was a De Beer's stone, and by no possibility any other. Evidence was then put in proving conclusively that the dia mond was unregistered. Counsel for the defence had but a poor case, but he made the best of it. He dwelt upon the unimpeachable reputation of the prisoner, of the utter improbability of his having stolen the diamond, or bought it, knowing it to be stolen. There was not a particle of direct evidence upon these points. The evidence of experts was never satisfactoiy. Their evidence in this case was mere matter of opinion. It was well known that the history of gold and gem finding exceeded in romance the wildest inspirations of novelists. The finding of the first diamond in South Africa was a case very much in point. Why should not the diamond have come from the Mahalapsi River with the other gravel in the belly of the dead crocodile ? Sir. Farnborough's friend, Mr. Kentburn, would prove beyond doubt that he had brought the mummified crocodile from the Mahalapsi River, where he had picked it up. The greatest offence that could by any possibility be brought home to his client .was that he had this stone in his possession for two days without declaring it 1 That was an act of sheer inadvertence. The stone was not a Griqualand West stone, and it was a puzzling matter, with a young and inexperienced man, to know quite what to do with it. If the stone were, as he, counsel, contended, not a stone from the Cape districts at all, it was an [arguable question whether the court had any rights or jurisdiction in this case whatever. Would it be contended that a person coming to South Africa, innocently, with a Brazilian or an Indian diamond in his possession, could be hauled off to prison, and thereafter sentenced for unlawful possession ? Such a contention would ba monstrous ! The great diamond industry had in South Africa far too much power already—many men thought. Let them be careful in further stretching or adding to those powers—powers that re minded unbiassed people more of the worst days of the Star Chamber or the Inquisition, than of a modern community. Had the prisoner attempted to conceal the diamond? On the contrary, he had shown it eagerly to Mr. Staarbrucker and his sister immediately he had found it. That was not the act of a guilty man ! These, and many other arguments, were employed by the defending advocate in a powerful and most convincing speech. There were weak points, undoubtedly— fatally weak, many of the spectators thought them. These were avoided, or lightly skated over with consummate art. The advocate closed his speech by a touch ing appeal that a young, upright, and promising career might not be wrecked upon the vaguest of circumstantial evi dence. The speech was over; all the witnesses had been called ; the speeches concluded. The afternoon was wearing on apace, and the court was accordingly adjourned ; the prisoner was put back in jail, again, and the crowded assemblage flocked into the outer air, to discuss hotly throughout the rest of the evening the many points of this singular and absorbing case. > (To be concluded in next issue.) 