“ Hullo. Logan, glad lo see Jouie picked up. Hero's Mr Danvers—he's fond of pay ini: us a visit down liere. I had just got into the engine-room of the Ocean Monarch, bound for Cape Town. I was tlie second engi neer, and had come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fevor. This was my first appearance, a ml the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr Danvers, one of the passen gers with whom I had made great friends, smiled. “Sea air does wonders,”.said he. “X suppose I had better depart ill peace, as you. too. will have plenty to do.” ”Oh, no hurry,” said Paterson. “You know we shipped some fresh stokors. "Yes—two.” I answered; “how do you find them’:” “I have no complaints.” I opeuod the door of the stoke-hole and looked in. Danvers put his head in behind me. He always said the great red eye of the tire lnul a faseinalion for him. The furnace door was open, and mu; of the men was Hinging on coals. The hot glare of light fell on him as lie moved backward and forward. lie looked weird—terrible. I turned bark hastily to Paterson. “Who is the third man':" i said. .“Third nmn.M Wluit d«> you. moan ? ■\Vlial\s tin*- mailer, you arc? quit** whitt*'*” “There arc only two men." said Dan vers. following me back into the eugiue We beard the dang of t.lu> furnace door. I looked from one to the other. I felt seared. I suppose I showed the feeling, for both men seemed concern ed. ( “Three?" I said, in a curiously ques tioning voice, as if I were not sure of what I bad seen. “Thompson (that was the stoker who linil been with us for years) "and the new men—I don't know their faces.” “You’d better go to the doctor again,” said Paterson. “I was in there five minutes before you came: there were only Thompson and Holker. one of. the new hands there; and nobody lias gone in since. “You see double, Logan,” said Dan vers smiling. I was silent Nothing could have been easier than to return to the stoke hole and there and then settle the mat ter; but I had a. sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later, it seemed pro bable that the others were right. The fierce light might produce all manner of effects."and .the third man had certain ly looked shadowy enough to he only an optical delusion. But the second time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers’ cabins, and again there seemed someone behind him—an other man: a filmy shape, and yet dis tinct I felt paralysed. There was no thing remarkable about tlie stoker. He was a quiet man, rather “close” with his mates, and. therefore, not much liked; hut we engineers found him a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging about me: yet 1 felt strong anil well, slept soundly, and ate as only a con valescent can. I took to watching Hol ker, although I had a horribly nervous feeling about him. I asked Paterson and tlie third engineer if they saw any thing odd about the man. Nothing at all, they said. Couldn't they see. I the**stoker that. wasirV a "likeness of him. Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too—in the lurid glare of the fire, about the lower deck and passages, in tlie fresh sunshiny air—always that, other man. like some hauuiiug fate. Was I mad. or was every one else blind? “Danvers,” I said one night, as he mid I were walking tlie deck smoking, “do you believe in uncanny tilings':” “Do you meau ghosts?" “Not exactly. I wish you would let me tell you something: only don't laugh “Not for worlds, I am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these tilings." said “Thanks. It is about this Holker. Do you remember when I first saw him ? I told Paterson there were three men.” “Yes.” “There were three figures. God knows whether tlie third was a man,” I said in a trembling voice. “It is no fancy—I have proved it to he none. I am not ill. My nerves are not unhinged; they are steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape-” “What you Scotch call a ‘wraith’” said Danvers, “a warning of his death.” A “wraith” is a likeness of the person warned. This shadowy form is not. in tlie least like Holker. “What, does it mean ? ” 1 said, pausing by his side. There was a sort of despair in my heart. “Why do l alone see it?" Is there something for me lo do. and T do not know what?" I could feci that Danvers was sym pathetic. though lie was silent. “It is very strange," he said, thoughtfully. “It may he that you alone are a ghost seer. I have read that some people never can see anything." “You do not doubt me. then?" “I hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearance?" “It is as clear as day. though misty. It is a young man's face. He lias a white, transparent complexion, like a person in bad health;.thin, aristocratic features; the fair hair, falls in curls over the forehead: tlie eyes are brown —womanish eyes, soft anil wistful-” I paused suddenly. I hail hceu talk ing as if to myself, hardly noticing Dan vers : hilt an exclamation from him checked me. To my surprise he had turned pale. “Should yon know the face?" lie said, in a hurried way. “You mean in a picture?” “Yes.” “Come to my cabin." said Danvers. We went below quickly, and when we reached his cabin he fastened tlie door He seemed excited. He unlocked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked. I could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the face I had just des cribed. “I see you recognise it,” said Danvers. He sat down and covered iiis face, and I laid the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated. 1 felt curiously calm. “ Something you were to do,” said Danvers at last. “You have done it." “How? I have done nothing." “You have told mo.” “Told you? Yes. because I could no longer endure silence. What then?” “I’ll tell you—and you must: help me. Iam not travelling for pleasure-—" “I knew that.” I said, a little dryly. “Ah. You are quick, lint you kept your counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a detective.” “ What." I said, springing up. my heart beating wildly. “Hush. Sit down again. I was sent on the track1 of a murderer. We had certain information that he had escaped to Africa some weeks ago. He is not there—he is here." I “Holker. the stoker," I whispered. | I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly I regained something of his professional quietude. “That face.” he saiil, pointing to the photograph, " is the likeness of Mr. Louis; Temple—a young man of means amt an invalid, who was murdered by his man servant. Perhaps yon have “No. I was ill—I heard nothing." “The man was a trusted servant, half nurse. The murder—a peculiarly hor rible one. oh a defenceless man—was committed evidently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil rn Holker’s chest. Thu murderer escaped, but we have evidence that will surely hang him. Now, do you s<hi how great a service you have uncon sciously done? But for this strange in fcrposi’tion the murdered man would probably never have been avenged. Our false information would have misled us. and while we wasted time in recti fying it. Holkcr would very likely have been lost to us altogether.” “1 see." was all I could say. “Now I have my hand on him," said the deti'otive. “He is. of course, dis guised. I will arrange a plan, in which I shall need your Help to strip him of his disguise. I will arrest him, and he and I will lie put ashore at the iirst port we touch at, and return to Kngiand." “Claim m.v entire services," I said. "I can hardly Vet believe I am in my right senses. Why was 1. who knew nothing of the circumstances — who was igno rant of tlie existence of liiis Louis Tem ple-why was I chosen to bring tliis liorrible crime to lighj,?" and beyond wiser and- better people than I. I don't see bow one could'get over tlie facts—which is all we liave to do with.” That argument did not satisfy me, though I knew 1 never could get be yond it. Tlie strange, the awful thing was. that Die next time I saw llolker tlie shadow was gone. We made our plaus. and I soon saw how necessary my aid was. I was. thrown much more across the stoker .than Danvers was, and the initial move ment was to drug the man,' to get him into niv cabin under pretence that lie was ilk and there satisfy -ourselves of iiis make-up. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective when this plan succeeded and the wretched cri minal was revealed in tlie insensible man before us. That was his'last hour of freedom. Tie came to, (o find hiuisolf the prisoner of the quiet passenger. Mr Danvers. It was a terrible scene. Tlie man could not understand bow lie liad been dis covered when the detective said lie him self bad not made tlie discovery. In tlie midst of the Wretch's friglitfulrav ings. we learned that lie had purposely missed the ship lie liad been repprted to have sailed in, and had fastened on the Ocean Monarch. In his chest were found jewels, plate, money—all iden tified as the missing property of tlie unfortunate Mr Temple-. | There was horror from stem to stern when it was known that we bad a mur derer on board. Sailors are supersti tious on this point—and justly , so. I tliiuk no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't his real name, by tlie by) had been removed from our ship. I, myself, was the sensation of tlie hour, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There was something too awesome to me ill tlie mystery to allow me to dis cuss it with every idle tattler. Was what: I saw the spirit of the murdered man. silently crying for vengeance? I devoutly believe it was. But tlie ques tion I had put to tlie detective remains unanswered—why was I made to play this part? The story got in the papers, and • I was interviewed by more scientific men nt ull nationalities than I can remem ber now. it is years ago. -nie octee tive is dead, the Ocean Mouarcli is run ning her last trip. So all things come and go. And it’s time I went, below and looked ufU*r niv oupines. HMtu. ill uit» iJimva* i>iaut:. 