HOW GHOSTS ARE MADE. A CHAT WITH AN ITINERANT ILLUSIONIST. I mkt the ghost-maker at a country fair. In a field set apart for the village " feast '' wore roundabouts, shooting galleries, cocoa- nut shies, and the many nnd wonderful things whioh mako up a rustio saturnalia. Arranged in a semi-eircle were booths in which, for a few pence, the villagers were able to see the biggest woman on earth, the only living mermaid, the wonderful twins, and a bewildering army of ghosts from tho spectro of Hamlet's father to the phantom whicli haunted old Scrooge. I (nounted tho steps leading to the ghost show and saw a fat man sitting in the pay box smoking a pipe with meditative deliberation. There was nothing spectral or uncanny about him. He was a happy, jolly, good tempered follow, with a supreme contompb for tlio spirits which he charmed from tho vasty dcop. By his side was his buxom wife, a woman of massive figure, who, in tho days of youth and beauty, had played Opiiolia in half tho barns of Eng land. I wept to think how many times the poor old lady had beon drowned. " Woll, how are tho ghosts to-day ?" I shouted, as, witli a Paul Pry movement, I pushed my head through tho half-opened door. "Oh, they're having a rest jasb now," chuckled the old man, as ho removed his (ripe from his mouth and painted with his linger to a seat. "Tlio spirits have van ished — into smoke," and lie put tho well- worn stem between his lips again, and puffed away with supreme content. "How long have you boon raising ghosts ?" I asked. " Oh, a jrreat many yoars. I have been on tlio road nigh on thirty years, and I've been raising ghosts all that timo. All, yes ; I've gob used to tliem by this time. Thoy'ro only flesh and bloAl, liko many a ghost would turn out to bo if examined." "Yos, I daresay. But haven't your ghosts been taken for real spoctres mnny a timo ?" " Oh, yes, in tho early days of ghost shows. Yon see, tho poople knew nothing about it then. Now they understand how tho illusion is produced. School Boards lmve nigh on ruined us. Boys nnd girls don't coine to our show expecting to bo frightened — thoy come to enjoy a scientific experiment. In tlio old days thoy camo to the show with foar and trembling— ay, men anil womon too. They expected real ghosts, and they went away with the impression that they had seen them. Why, one night as the angels hovorcd over ' Tho Collier's Dying Child,1 a woman shrieked to them to snve the boy." " Yes, that part of the illusion is very realistic. You have had many experiences of that kind, I suppose ?" . "No, not many. Ours is a very humdrum life. I remomber playing Mephisto in an adaptation of t-'auit, when one old fellow gob so angry at the way 1 helped Faust to kill liis friend that lie threw a heavy walk ing-stick at my shadow. It Btruck the plate-glass in front and splintered it. When I saw what had happened, I throw tho stage into darkness. The play was over for that night, you may be sure. " Ay i talking of Mophisto," the old fellow went on, his wrinkled face smiling with, delight as ho recalled the stories of his early days, " I had a ourious adventure onco. I was playing Mophisto in a country village about the sizo of this, and all the men and womon for miles nround camo to see me. The ghost show was a wondorful attraction in thoso days, sir. Tlio country poople used to watch tlio play with breath less attention. Woll, I had finished play ing the part ono night when a note oame behind tho scones to say that Mr. Verulam, of The Hull, wished to see mo. I told the boy to bring the gentleman round, and immediately afterwards a fine, well- dressed man camo to the corner of tlio booth in which I was disrobing. Catch ing sight of the fiery-red robos with which I was usually dressed for bhu part, ho said, oxcitodly ; " ' Stop 1, don't tuko them off. I want you to play Mephisto up at Tho Hall.' .. "'What?' I oried with an incredulous look, 1 play Mophisto in a drawing room ? Can't bo done, sir !' " 1 No, no, I don't moan that,' he returned quickly ; ' como with me at once, and I'll givoyouafive pound note for your trouble.' " 'All right,' I said, and covered up my red robes with a big shawl. He had his carriage waiting outside, and we gob into it and drovo off in the direction of Tho Hall. . " I was puzzled to know what he wanted me for, but my' doubts wore quickly allayed. It seems that his wife had lost a beautiful diamond bracelob, and suspicion had fallen upon ono of the maids. The mistress of the houso had good grounds for her suspioions, although thoy were not such as would warrant nn nrrest. Tho girl's boxes hnd been senrched, and every nook and corner of her bedroom examined. Nothing, however, was found. Mr. Voru- lam's wife persisted in thinking that the girl had stolen the jewel, and hidden it until the matter had boon for gotten. That night lie ascertained that the girl had gone to see Faust with hor fellow servants, and ho hit upon a lucky idea. He knew how superstitious tho maid waB — in fact, all country girls were just then— nnd ho resolved to take advantage of it. To do so he had invited me to The Hall to play the part of a ghostly detective. As soon ns we reached Tlio Hall lie smugglod me through a side door into tiio library. Thero lie disclosed hia plans. Ho wantod mo to remain thoro in tlio dark until tho maid arrived from the show. As soon as sho camo in ho would ring for hor in tho usual way, nnd request her to light the lamp in the library. As slio did so 1 was bo mako my appourutico, cut off her retreat, and, in my most sopulchrnl tones, question her ubout tho missing jowol." " How did the expedient succeed ?" I asked, much interested iu the showman's recital. "Oh, capitally," and the old fellow chuclcled again at tho rocollocbion of the inoident. " The maid arrived about half- nn-hour later, having, of course, to walk all the way to The Hall, and shortly afterwards I heard tho master give directions for the library lamp to be lighted. I stood in my red robes in a curtained recess near the door, and, as soon as tlio lamp had been fully lit and the girl was about to leavo tho room, I slowly emerged from my hiding- place and faced her. Woll, you never heard such a scream, but luckily for me she didn't faint. She simply yelled and shut her eyes. Then, in a sepulchral tone, I demanded the jewel for wliioli she had sold her soul. Of oourse, ooming after a play like Faust, iu which jewels form an important part, tho effect was very strong. The girl shivered from head to foot, pointed to a large book on the third shelf of tho library, and screamed loudor than evor. I advanced to the tabic on which tho lamp stood, blew out tho light, and disappeared in tho darkness. " When the master of tho house came up I indicated the book which the girl had pointed out, and behind it wo found the missing jowel. I got tho five pound note ho had promisod mo and anothor in addi tion. Ay I " and the old man sighod as he loaned back, pensively, in his chair, " that was the best stroke of luok I ever had." " Woll,' now, for a little trade seoret. How aro thoso ghosts mado?" " I oan show you bost.in this way. Seo" —and hero lie took up a little model of tho stage he had made in his leisure hours, " hero you seo how tho whole thing is done. In the front of a ghost show stugo you will always see— if you look carefully— a largo sheet of glass. It is generally dcooratod at the edges and joiuod on to the ordinary stage, so that it is difficult to see it. Also — if you- look carefully— you will observe a . wide, gap botwocn the actual stage and tho auditnoo. Tljab is tho ' oven ' in which ghosts are made;" "You donlbibako them, surely?" " No, bub we roast them pretty well. When I want a ghost to appear at a certain lies down on the lower platform, and a strong light is thrown upon him by means of gas jots or an oxyhydrogon lamp. In that position ha throws his hands and foot nbout as required, but seldom walks— because he can't. When I want him to walk he is pulled along a trolley, and then, by moving his feet, the ghost is seen to bo walking on the stage." " Then, how does the ghost disappear 1" "Oh, easily enough. Tlio oven lights are turned down and the footlights are turned up at an equal rate. Thon the figure disappears." " You make the ghosts sing occasionally. How is tiiat managed ? " "Woll, if you aro near to the stage, you will perceivo that the sound comes from tlio ' oven,' and wot from the stage. The men have to sing on their backs." " Bub how do you make tho little cherubs float about." " Merely another optical illusion. The figures of the performers only are visible on tlio stage. All tho apparatus necessary for their extraordinary attitude is draped in black bo that although it is reflected on tho stnge, it is not visible to the people in the show. That is the way we make tho spirit's hand writo, and how we pub heads on the stage without bodies. All the rest of the perforator is carefully hidden with blaok cloth. — Million. 