? ? ? ' ' SCHOOL concerts '^! H4WKSB0BS LADIES' (SOL- i LEGE. AftM . ?. * , . ? , - . ; . ^e'&nualdistribddoni; df ; prizra in connection with the Hawksbum Ladies College (Mrs, and Miss Mon gredien), took .place' jn the Now Janj-hall on Monday evening last. , of fee . MiyS, Or.: William Dnvic« plresided. During* the evening a very excellent *2?. gramtno of musio and elocution -was given by the scholars, opening with a t rand quartette (two pianos)/' Sans ousi, by Misses Emery, Martin. Watkin and Pugh. An action song Lullaby, was then nicely sung by some of the little children ; piano solo, 'Tarantella,' by Miss Emery. Two action songs, 'Golden Boat' and ' Sleigh Song,' by the junior classes. An operetta entitled «-£azy Land, waB a creditable perform ance, thefollowing taking part:— King, Miss Minnie Bowman ; Queen, Miss Beryl King; Ladies in Wait ing. Miss Jennie. Banks and Miss Esther Cockbill ; Hbrald, Miss Beeve ; Merryboy, MiBs Beatrice Higginson. A piano duet (two pianos), by Miss At Hodgson and Mr. E. Hanetein was an excellent performance. A song with chorus ' 0 Soft Star,' by Miss Young, the chorus being especially well sung, Piano solo, by Miss Jeniiie Banks; an action song 'Japanese Pan,' by the junior division, waa very amusing. A play entitled ' Lucretia's Ghost,' was a good per formance, all engaged in it taking their parts vary creditably. The performers wen— Misses E. Wil liams, E. Luxton, X. Martin, E. Reeve, E, Cockbill, W. Jjuxton, and M. Spain. A piano solo, ' Andante and rondo Capriccioso' by Mian M. Hodgson, and a grand quartette (two pianos) by Misses E. and A. Cockbill, J. Banks and M. Bowman conoluded the programme: The prizes were then distributed by the chairman, and the proceedings ter minated by votes of thanks to all ooncerned. The third of the series of concerts given by the Prahran State Schools was held in the New Town-hall Friday evening week, when the scholars attending the High and Hornby streets Schools ' gave two cantatas, ' Autumn's Quean' and 'Santa Clans at jSehooL' .J!n the former Miss J!. Bontledge took the part of ' Queen' and did full jus tice to it, and Hisses Winnie Orr and Jennie Stewaft wore the ' At tendants.' In ' Santa Olaus' the principal parts were taken by Master C. Cooke as ' Santa Olaus' and MisBK. Kelly as 'Queen Winter,'' and they were ably assisted by about 30 of the children, and the whole cantata was performed .very credit ably. At. intervals (luring tbe evening several of the scholars -gave exhibitions Jof fancy danmng, Hiss Alice Coulthard a comic flower song and idance, and Missfladje Nathan ^daughter of .Mr. ' A. Nathan) t&3'Master E. Sohrader Sianoforte solos. Mr. F. 0. Gray,; LP. for Prahran, presided on the occasion, and Mr. Bagge, 8eoretaty of the. Education Department, was ' also present. . ^ ?' The fourth and last concert was given by 'the scholars attending - the. Toorak and Armadale Schools, and took place in the Halvoru Shire Hal T on. Wednesday evening last; .Or. Carroll .(President of the Shire oi. Malvern) presiding. The urit part of the programme consisted of songs,'-recitations, dances and piano forte aolos given by several of the seholars. The cantata on this occa sion was ' The Little Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe.' Miss Bita Hall -was very good as ' The little Old Woman' (Teaoher of a Dame's School), and the other characters were very well taken by different soholars. ' Jack the Giant ' Bailer' by Master H. Westcott, and Punoh, (School Board Offioor) by Master W. Wiise were well represented. Miss Bennie acted as pisnistc, Mr. Schraeder as leader of the orchestra, and Mr. J. Bennieas oonductorof each entertainment. A special word of praise is due to this gentleman for the manner in which each of the schools had been trained for the oc casions. The series of concerts have, been the most successful for many years past, the proceeds amounting to over £ 100, and afterthe expenses have been paid a nice little sum will be left for prizes. The head teachers and the members of the B oard of Advice deserve credit for tho success achieved. 