LITERATURE. THE KEELEYS. The Keeleys deserved a better biographer than they have found in Mr. Goodman, who is prolix when he ought to be concise, and seems to have no power of discriminating between what is essential and interesting in amemoirot this kind and what is unimpor tant and irrelevant. Thus he devotes a whole chapter of sixteen pages to an analysis of the old Adelphi drama of " Jack Sheppard," gives the bill of fare at a public dinner at which Mrs. Keeley happened to be present, and quotes a note of three lines from Sir Henry Irving, as if it were a newly-discovered autograph of Shakspeare's. Fortunately the faults of the writer are coun terbalanced by the attractiveness of his theme, and the rare qualities of the actor and actress whose professional lives he relates are not to be obscured by the imperfections of the record, Robert Keeley was one of the most de lightful comedians of an epoch which was peculiarly rich in histrionic talent of this kind, for his contemporaries were j Harley, Compton, Mathews 2^re et fi^s> Buckstone, the eider Farren, Yates, Bartley, Frank Matthews, Wright, Chippen dale, Robson, Bedford, Tilbury, Hoskins, i James Hudson, and many more. But Keeley's humour was something' perfectly unique. In some characters, as Charles Dickens said, lie had never seen him ap proached on the English, French, or Italian stage. The stolid expression of his counten ance in parts like Dogberry and Verges was J more eloquent than any grimace. There was | a gravity and a seriousness in hiB drollery which intensified the effect it produced. His sublime unconsciousness of his audience—for he was too fine an artist to play at them—gave additional zest to their enjoyment. His squat little figure, the occasional hesitation in his delivery, accompanied by a sort of suppressed gasp, and even his gait—for he could scarcely be said to walk, he trotted or toddled—heightened the comedy of all he j said and did upon the Btage. And even in j the streets of London, where the writer j sometimes met him, with his long grey coat, his tall white hat, his general solemnity of countenance, and his short quick step, J there was something in his appearance which I made it difficult for you to repress a smile. Perhaps it was because the face and figure j called up a host of shadowy personages as- j sociated with the roly-poly little man.' ; No one could convey fear, cowardice, j stupidity, mental vacuity, rustic simplicity, ■ blank amazement, or abject terror so well as Robert Keeley could, without the utterance of a single word. In a little piece he played at the Lyceum he waB supposed to have seen a ghost before the play began, and was haunted by the dread of seeing it again. The moment he appeared, everybody in the audi ence knew what had taken place. The whole story was written on his features, and the dazed look, the fearful expectation of the return of the apparition, never left him. His stuDid, self-satisfied immobility under circumstances in which energetic action j was required; his delicious dulness and doddering senility in a characterj like Verges; his wonderful feebleness of mind and general flaceidity of will in Dolly Spanker; his dismal terror at the discovery that he had inherited a vendetta, as well aB some Corsican property, in "A Thumping Legacyhis stolid rusticity as David, in! " The Rivalshis intense fatuity, and almost invincible obtuseness in Peter Spyk, gradually replaced by a glimmering consciousness that he is in love with Gertrude, which presently merges into raging jealousy ; were traits of acting which left an ineffaceable impression upon the mind of the spectator. George Henry LeweB said of him that "he was drollery personified, drollery without cari catnre, drollery without ugliness, drollery that bad no arriire pensie of cleverness, and nothing of harshness or extravagance." And the great charm of his acting was its spontaneity. There was not a trace ot effort or of art in it. It was the natural growth of his mental Boil, As the late Proj i fessor Morley once wrote" His touch is so I easy that, nnder it, extravagance itself loses j the air of unreality. He never grimaces, never winks at the audience, never takes anybody hut himself into hie confidence; i yet what a never-tiring figure' of fun he is !— how unconscious he seems of the laughter he provokes I—and what a solidity he appears to give to the most trivial expressions But, like Robson and like Jefferson) Keeley could move you to- tears just as easily; as he could provoke you to laughter. For, j as Charles Dickens wrote, "He was a' master of pathos in his way, and many of j our most delightful memories of him are ] connected with characters into which, by a: few words or a little, touch, he threw a cer-] tainly homely tenderness quite his own. He never strained that chord too far, but j struck it, as it were, in passing, relying upon delicate ears to catch it as it fell." One of the most pathetic pieces of acting the present writer ever witnessed was that of Keeley aB Caleb Plummer, in the "Cricket on the Hearth," with Mre. Keeley as Dot, and .their daughter Mary as Bertha, the blind girl. When the hour of disenchantment arrived in'the development of the story, and the poor old man, with tears in bis voice, a tremor in all his limbs, and a look of forlorn ness and agony in his face, was'compel led to confess that he had put all sorts of decep tions upon bis daughter in order to conceal from her the poverty by which they were surrounded, there was something poignant in llie emotions "excited in the hearts of the audience by the genius of the actor. In the blank deBpair impressed upon bis coun tenance ; in the bewildered motion of his hands, vaguely seeking, as it' were, for some-. * The Redeye, on the Stage and at Home. Walter Goodman. London: Bf chard,Seniley and 6< Melbourne; Jlelyille, Mptten, and blade, _ _ thing that was lost; in the quivering accents of his voice; and in his piteous appeal to those around bim for sympathy and consolation, you saw the stupefying effect produced upon the old man's mind by the discovery that all his intended kindnesB to the daughter he idolised had somehow taken the unexpected form of cruelty, and had subjected him to reproach, instead of winning tor him her gratitude and love. At the samq time, it would be unjust to a great actor nov* living, if we omitted to state that this superb performance was approached very closely at the 1'i incess'a Theatre in this city, when the "Cricket on the Hearth" was played, with Mr. Joseph Jefferson as Caleb Plummet, Miss Rosa Dunn as Bertha, Mrs. Robert Heic as Dot, her huBband as John Peerybingle, Miss Emma Neville as Tilly Slowboy, Mrs, Alfred Phillips as Mrs. Fielding, and Mr. J, C. Lambert as Tackleton. Such a cast might almost excuse old playgoers for becom« ing laudoiores temporis acti. " Little Keeley," as he was affectionately called, ran away from Hansard's printing office, in which he was apprenticed, to join a company of strolling players, and made hie first appearance in a barn. Elliston picked him up in the provinces, and engaged him foe the Olympic, from whence he was soon pro. moted to Drury Lane, He began his career upon the Btage in 1818, and retired from it in 1S53, not less estimable in private life than he had been admirable upon the stage, for, as Dickens said, "he had the heart of a.child and the integrity of the noblest man.** It is only a few weekB ago that the Lyceum Theatre in London was crowded from the floor to the ceiling to witness some per, formances given in celebration of Mrs, Keeley's ninetieth birthday, and the voice of: the aged actress was still strong and resonant enough to fill that theatre, while her sight is so good that she occupies her leisure hours in water-colour drawing. Seventy years have elapsed since she made her first appearance on the boards, and, now that old Mrs. Stirling is gone, she must have outlived every actor and actress of her own genera tion. She began as an operatic singer, but was drawn away to the drama, and made such an immense impression" in ; "Jack Sheppard," at the Adelphi, that her reputa tion was thenceforth asaured. As a eoubrette, a much- enduring lodginghouse slavey, an impish shoolboy, as poorSmike, in " Nicholas Nickleby," as Clemency Newcome in " The Battle of Life, "as Audrey in " As You Like It," she stood quite alone. She was all point and sparkle, brimfull of fan, overflowing with vitality, and as aggressive as hgr husband was impassive. Comparingthe two, Mr. &. H. Lewes said, in his essay On Actors and the Art of Acting:—" Keeley was lUrea fat, happy, self-satisfied pappy, taking life easily, ready to get sniffing and enjoyment outof : everything. Mrs. Keeley was like a sprightly kitten, eager to make a mouse otevetf moving thing." Her Audrey in "'As .Yon Like It," was among the most remarkable.of her creations, because it was an entirelyoriginaL reading of the character; a bit of natm^iranBplanted into the realm of art; andT$d≥$iM£' fault less as a picture of unsophisticamd rusticity and clownish gaucherie, but without a trace of coarseness or vulgarity. Never before, we believe, in the history of the stage, had (here been presented such a cast, and such a per formance of the comedy, as that in which Mrs. Keeley took part The former comprised Macready, Phelps, James Anderson, Elton, James Hudson, Keeley, Compton, and Graham, with Sims Reeves as the second and Allen as the first singing lord, Mrs. Niebett, Mrs. Stirling, Mrs, Keeley, and Miss For tescue. The mise en seine was perfection. The forest was a masterpiece of pictorial and constructive art, and the song of the birds, the tinkle of distant sheep bells, the faint chime of a stream tinkling over its pebbly channel, heightened the Arcadian sentiment of the dramatic pastoral. That no point of detail might be overlooked, the Duke of Beaufort sent np by express the skin of a deer, killed for the purpose at Bad minton. Among those who entertain affectionate remembrances of Mrs. Keeley as one of the moBt delightful actresses of her time is Her Mojesty the Queen, who sent for her to the palace not long ago, roseand took her hand, and conversed with her in Buch kindly and sympa thetic terms and tones as quite won the heart of her venerable but still youthful visitor, and made her feel perfectly, at h.ome, Such an act of attention from the Sovereign of the greatest empire on the globe to one of the queens of smiles and tears was. honourable alike to the royal hoslees and her grateful guest, and constitutes a pleasant and ap propriate .pendant to the present biography of the Keeleys,. both of' whom were as exemplary in private lifq as they were popular, and, in their peculiar way, un rivalled upon the stage, 