THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N, Maslcelync, the conjurer, relates some «f Us experiences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine'*" Apart from mere objective illusion," be says, " appar itions exist only iu imagination. The great proof of Uw is the question of clothia. If spirits appeared like dome of th<5 4 living pic tores,' apparently in the sude, one migbtne in* dined to believe iu their reality, t believe 1 i was the first to suggest this objection, about 30 gears ago. f wan bavmga dtscuSMun with Mr. Benjamin Coleman, e irnamad, * Tbe Father <if English Spiritualists," a very nice, amiable, and credulous old RentleDi&n.; He km dct<nribiog <i seance he bad alt&nded; and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had uavet seen nim in enrtlH>t<% hut recognibnd'hini from a painting, 'J'ho . ii'it appeared in periwigs koee- brecches, aim a yroon coat with gilt but* tons. * Then,' said J. * this lady not ouly kbw the spirit of her grandfather, hut also the spirit of bin grceu coat and gilt button* : * Mr. Colutnan looked at inu with rather a pugzlod ex-, pressiou. I continued : * lio yon really believo that there is such athingaadm apiritoj a coat V' * No.' aatd he, * i can't think thai, ami i can't account for the appearance or the clolhes, but I will ank tbe fijtirhs/ 'He vhl gcntlnurju told me afterwards that be bad cvusulturt ' Katey King . upon the subjoct. Katcy King, as you may remember, was a very popular apirit at that time, HO much so that alio was frequently known , to have appeared at several Beauces at the same J moment. She was also the spirit who was said I to have carried Mrs. (3 tippy from lto'l's Pond to ijamh't*. Condiiii-stirat, and it W.ir the ex posure of this ' spirit' which wnt pin r Robert t?ale Uwen to a Lunatic asylum. W* H, Kntey Ring shirked Mr. t'nletneu'a question for soim time, but he perai6t<*i in having un auswer. and fit infit Wk» replied, * VVfr.v. of course, at materialise tbe clothes out of particles iu tbp atmosphere.' This was n perfectly Mtinfnctory explanation to the Spiritualists, hut cveu the most credulous members ot this Society for Psychical Research c-aiiuot at pruseut believe in the ghost of a iwir of breeches. If they conld, they would at once accupt every night mare atory as a spiritual visitation. That cun ning old impostor, Mdmc. Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by iaveutiug the theory that there is an ' aotial body' or counter part' to everything in existence and everything that bus exists?. So there must be an astral aea-Bcrpcut, an antral big gooseberry-'-in fact, an astral world and a astral universe;" 