ANi k RAA STORY.I • ALARST: RALIAN IG yvii ii E of~ Tlien ddlfl 1ita lida in AN AUSTRALIAN STORY Natu ral & Supernatural, S.BT .} • EErI 1fAMIT ,~ M.D., F*R.C.S. CHAPTER XX.--(Coo.c-rn.) "Oh, Mr. Barton," she said, "tellmeif yo hsine nythlingois your mind! You *ill have a partial jlge,. I think." shie added, with a wan smile. " Our burmldens become lighter when we have a friend .beside ns. And I am your friend, mand yon have bought fronm my gratitude all a woman can be stow." It was plain spelaking and spoken in all sincerity. Barton felt the troth of the womoan, and he was moved to his inmost soul. " Good Heavens !" he said, "if l only dare with such a past to hang like a mIill-stoneO round my neck" Then with with'a' sort of fury ins hi'voibce':: .Tsn do not lnlow what you say. Listen. I don't kniow myself. My oota.iss but a. hlidons dracnm with every hellish phantomn dancing in mockery through mn mi?dl. In m the sport of a fiend. One moment.I sem to grasp some recollection i~od clin~i to it liRa a drownuing sailor to a =lippery rock, and again a new idea springs np equally vivid anid equally tangible, and the two cannot ibe true. tnat is it all, you will sy. I don't know, can't know-nand no one lut o Inwenm can helpme andhe wont. IHefvrns! if I were to tell youthieexperience of the peast few monthsa-but no, I will not. .Gi?.pc~nrece your memory, Miss Marsden. \Vith i~t ?,ppe lie. '. . ..-They walked on in silence, both bent on thi"irowa thought . .. !'-"Yom- iuibtittntme help yoiu," aso osal at last. "Ah, it's not fair," (with a little ghost of a smile.) "I would if I dare," recovering hlimself; "bhut the sret of myaamhappysmney must boborne hy myself to the grave. That iill come to finish all erexplDin all." ie daie my no more,and he turned away without another word. Thie lady walked on ,pondrring all these strange things in hlier heart. What forms of self-snacrifie presented thaemnselves before hlier mind we cannot'tell, but we rcan.imagine the wide bounds of a true woman's self- martvyrdom. CIL.LPTER XXI. JT.LTGU/E'S HIAD.1 . Melbourne was md-stark, raviog, I"Kew" mad. The mania for speculatIng in rel estate had seized on the whole plropulation like an epidemic disasn.' Thie p?elple hid been long prosperous and the capital of the country had marvellously increasedi, but hadnotiscreased in any asuchl proportion as the sanmnine wishes of the Vctorians hlid onlosed. Laslaltion had briownpt eopl. f-so 5-fOhi -jIrt toto-- tb greatecity. These people had to find dwell ing-placm,,anid buildings;aere run .uprin everyglirection to accommodate thnbe Of course this naturdaly caused a trcmendou?s advance in the price of city and s.aburbas property, and rwhen lao pricec ered paid for a few allotments, men of thie Wallace typ coulld easily create a "boom" by psr chasiai at a price ten times over the hlghest value; Ownersof property thoughitthat they had become millionaires without the least trouble on tietrpsrt, andothers rlshsdmadly intoI culation with the hope of sharing in iiudes. tel devldonment. any ofthebanks were bitten by the tarantula and aettmilly forced the money on their customners or even on strangers. Building societies hardly knew what to .i16 with the money which flowed into thom fimn all sides, and iso one but a fool would stand .side and allow all this wealth to glide past him without making a clutch to seize some of it. Vhlatni rattlilg, roaring time it was! Eceryone was to be ich; everyone was to have his own house and his own vine and fig-tree, and Victoria was to become the garden of E~e--barring the innocence-of the nineteenth centurr. Wallaco wns ato the head of evervtiinig, aid iidecld- hrdllv undettanding whant was. td"iiuh ifi?i? extet thei work of his own hand or head-was inclined to believe in the realityofit all. Atonetimo he did believe in a half-hearted way and went on rejoicing. Then he recollected the very small basis on which it all rested, and determined to make his hay whilo this nai.m s shining. A sait he was draynin.; .~sohe ..vndimte or othier had to be formed,nnd what chance ?ws there of doingany:good unless .'Sir.Willianm" was knoowKn to have a "hand int." He bought and he sold, biut it was all on paper. Men bought for lanper and inciurred liabilities that they could never meet if they lived to theae of Methlselah, and then sold for paper.tomen .as.reckless anid foolish as themselve. Whsatecer coln was going aWas supplied by banks wrhich suddenly spnmg np into mushroom extatene with the times. Wallace's companies took a new lease of life, and he addeds.to their inimbei nistll they were beyond reven his conpTrehensive glance. His style of living became even more ostcntatious than ever. lHiaTooralmansion was enlarged so that it rivalled the palace of a sovereign. His wife I~j?uly Walhloce, was the leader of society. a2fthiing'otild l hidonie fin toa--i or coaontcywithout herattho head-of .'ondl certainly shefilled the position of "ILaiy Donatiful'!.to anlmiration. She was a good seoman, and good wo:nen are too raoe. Wallke am Lumsaden were again losetted together in the ofilce of the former just when the niadneas was at its 'cight. They were both perfectly well aware thalt the climax had bt-?,fiichhiliaitd thit if ths re to be safe thnijut 'ralise-' gidnsilly;" hit that was easier said than done. Paper has to mature'no matter how good it may be. -The fontirce hod been hongand noxious. The-tw:o-mon-looked haggard-annd weary: They had summoned a spirit from the vasiy deep, and had forgotten- the Abracadabra which could control him. There were many things to be ostrnllyeonoidoertdd-mn ny oon tifnag'detobban'iahijit?d l: Tihoy'hadld su ceeded in quadruplying their assets, but they had been forced into incurring liabilities much greater, and some of these had to be met sabstantially in csh, or the fabric they had taken such trouble in buildinsg would come tumbling ant their ears like a house S Idon't sk iaire om do," sai inna ddi,,ithdnwini himself baek intd'hls ehair; "That confounded bill of Ifinampton's must be met by hook or crook, and the Victoria will require eolidinahogany." - lace, "if we could only see bys,,:l. There is ppwards of £100,000 in vai s in that safe thl?.?~mod be turned into sovereigns or as good as sovereigns in half an hour." : Tho dence there is !" said hIis friend. SiWhat in the name of common-sense have yn been humbugging about, then, with enough in hand to float us for a genera. n l c~n"dlerotlono. "Firt I haee on r!r.'cdiin on some tailveoifiiftteen thousnd of it, and:second, nalthoilgh the rest is eot-nmy-ow. and mnay Ze celed for any moment, I nhave mnade use of it alrcrady for an advance whelin the ' tfercatorial' rc quired one." - "On my hlonor, it will have to go 'for the same purpose again, so far aI carn see," said Leun~rlecn. "It hasn't been long back," repllield Weal Ineoi ",hit I ouppose tlhat doesn't metter. On the smaller siunm I havb somnel;ing of a clain. It is the savinge of ancoupleeofeminerri who gavoe 'it to me for. investment, and I thought I couldn't do better than invetst itin our 'Financial.' They have been well enonugh contented with their dividends up to the l?present at any rate." lBoth the men laughed heartily at the thought of the high dividends, and then Lmsdlen said: " You haven't told me where therest care from." ",Well, there is i hit of a mystery about that Ic ui't get at tile bottom of. It wse left here by the Indian--prince he sid he was-for safe keeping. You met him I think in Toorak one evening. He has drawn upon me twice or. three times, but only for eom pnratively small sums, from DImedin and Lanreston, but tha:t is all I have to kdger eginst hilm saiere hIe ,roeghtl the stuff one earning with something like secrecy. He told me he would.give me fair notice before he withdrew it. I don't kneow why he. samid 0o,, bat at any Tate I trctedl to receiving notice and have .mado good se' of the treasure-indeed, if thilngs six months ago hadn't taken a decent turnm I half fancy I should sharve made a permanait loan of it, but there was no nece?ity, and I don't think there is any now. ' We can always have time' to turn about after receiving his notice." "It will have to go to thile vaedts of the Cmlimerial' to-morrew, I thinck," slid Lumselen. "Thilngs aren't overbrightiin the southl, I ran tell you. The Saving"' Bank deposits hardly keep us afloat, and Carnmey has lbeen 'loominig' it lip too lond. We were both dipped in a couple of specelations pretty heavily, andc ready money is over scarne with u?." "I:lHang :Carney and you both!" cried Wallace in a race. "You'll spoil the whole thing tr your folly. The bottom I tell you every day is knocked clean ontof the e boom,' aid will soon ba 'devil take the himinlmost,' and the iindmnost I tell you agoin will come an eterunl sliash. If we rae spin through for a fKrw moiuths we ishall come out iith i'ly ing colors and full iags, but if you and Carney p!ay the duce now we'll ee bldwn ky-hcigh._ Can't yonu hlave a little bit of connlln'-srnese C" " Oh, a very fewr tlhousands will keep us quainre all roand, so long as the people bring in their savings anid the 'lorrowers pay up their dcer. I can always shut up the direc tore, and the auditors darn't quiek. Very little of tlie reaiy money will be enough, and you can let ui hlave it now." "Well, you eknow hown I stand with all these comllpanie.. We have bled the 'JHer catorial' iahnost dry of cash. I have been disppointedt, I tell yon at once, in many of my expertalions, ,ut I am sure withl time we o?nld pull straight, but we'l! want time and nothig elsoe will do. Time will steady nattero, and the margin of prefit wecocmton wrill bring us in straight. There is enough acd cmore than enoCIgh to do it, but we may turn out the 'donekey betwreen two stools.' One thinig is certain, you lLect Imve no more pecn'a:tion. You have had qaite enough of it, and it is as well for you to keep ii mind that any further spculniatiausnoie -indulge iii will be at your own risk, and'yoer chicate of makingi" anything from thCem is .p the ncllest : T' hleb bottom is out of thie ' hbom,' I tell you.e " I'll telake your wreord fr it. The reandout of thie present state of affairs meset run through your sofe. There is nothing else for it, becaese to calise now'would be madnes, ncd tlhes? bills must bemet or them will be ruin all roned." " Yol are right enough there, and I doubt I see some trouble aheaed with the ' 1er crtorial.' Once erver there is a breath of outeiiocn the crash will come and nothinilg on earth will stop it. If woe canl keerp straight, as Isaid befor', we can manage in a couDle of monthm and meke splendid pr?fits as owell. Time is all-we want, and we mest have thlat at any price. SNow,; tis is lwhat I lshall do. This Lalim Haki left the money with me on the selaecondition .thalt he would have it when itrwas deniaeded. He I, nmde the law:. papep'r' devilishly seveire feor hiinself, I pro mise you. I halrly thoIught he would hare had the iousa to do so but he 'did. He did not, howevnrer, hiind my Ihands as reg?rds ucing it, and thelwhola eonseqnent?y will go to the vaiults of the banek ni saeurity for an nadvance to meet tlhose lills, but ol the condition that it is keptt itctt until reileeml. Darn the monery ---I don't know that it lhas benfittedl me e nch. I always looked back to it lwhen I speculated, and the temporary poessieon nmade me rut my fingers to the Itwcne. unles it ternl llup trnnips now-s-at any rate thlerr is cnongh to pull cLo through for the prescit, and if we get our pags in all straiglht there will be easy going in the future." "Doi't be sure of that, old man. The whiole city l has been bitten, and if oic ofitcse institutionus goesdown the whole bag of tricks will ,it scattered in eternal smash. Ead I shake in my shoe'ds myaief.: Beitwee Cairnyr. and myself there is hardly a penny-piece in our concern. The safe is full of hboeui securities, and any minute we may have a blow up. I harve a few tholusands laid by if the worst comes to the worst, but not enough to make things domestic huinm as I anlyse like them. i'hiz c ia rare nid' ote, het dleadfully expensive." "Well, of oourse, I can't be sure of it, but we both have the reputation of millions and we can live on that for a short time evmr' if times ire bad.: 2Wlat.woe'canstas nIkal . before, is to feud off pre~sing ereditors. Our bills are maturing with frightful rapidity and must lea met or everything is blown. Now, this Indian money will give us a show. I shall have it in the sCommarcil' inc day or so and~you can dravw' oe mie." Ho?wimuec, will do you? YoTn ill lheo tie "ma~ n ittis little as you can possibly do with, because it is ry-mgh ri-eiht rihky, I tl you.' . "I musthavne ~10,000 at'thet very least. You had bettei runme over anid see hoe we stand and then you can judge.' i . tthat'e useleus. 1t know wnll enoegh ?" " ? : """ t ": ' ? ' "'g " hnw. youeqaptcndgeneraily. ?f i ? , \?Y?? icYhattdod you thik welllhe the'reault nf itall?" ,. "Whkt do I think Why mn, a I klow itwill next doorto;xuin ietoriec lotk stoCk: and barrel. That don't matter, however, if we can pull through ourselves. On my con seiene, Lumsdcna" " Of coure eyou mean as meuch as there is of it." ".To be sureo I do--~to b? ?ure Ido. . I was goigt ?aysometling lach. - Bu tIahalal my that on .my conscience or thie partial eon science I wouldn't like to be in your shoes if there is an eternal smash. The old women of the nsouth will wipe yon out with thei dishclout." . Lteisde. shufalnd a bit uneasily on his chair atthe omen. ".Allrilght,-ma.n,:' aild-he--h "tbct let m tell youn whild the old women are at work with me the men will be lynching you, and Egad,'I don't know what I should prefer if I had a say in the matter." "Pooh! Fooh! mnn, we are in Victoria end living in the Victorian age of the nine teenth cratury." "Faith," said Lumsdcn, rising, "only for that'safe over there and what's ill it I should relsh a change of quantcrs and wouldn't bother ahout the uge. You hiouldn't jes' i' " such seCious subjects, W?allac., An ioffi?il i ,ld -nom-.n-did-brig.-nme-to hdok otlither day, and I hod to shell out:. Gal! she ~ao men a fine taste, and now your muitioning tihe leldamen brought. her to mind.: Good-bycj, old man, I'll see you to-muorrw, early." ,r "lie here as early as Iorsible after ten. lIaki's moiey must go, and w?emlust mako th1l.nost oft!ie time' -we "have. i B lsire ids e to onm hop orho to-night. We munst shi a a slfd fac-i ,i finT!"rlis h:litihcrun. Good ,ye!L for the-preont?', m'"%', ?rgi The too men i?-lprated.niuihithden went his way. Wallare remaincil the .l-t lman in the oflice, and dild not :!enve mtil long aft.r his heci'stonied hour., 'The . gaomblcr wam celculatin,, til e haiaeiu·t of the dice.' ?"OHAPTEPP. XXII.'" .i TOO 132 ndb AT TOOlbOX¢. . . " Chisellnsoh t" the Toorl n e ma.lion of ir W ,iliimn Waillle,4 w'nisthe scen:e of iilh iunt and goy dishtr.Lntco on tIhe evening of the eerotful hall. The rad wios tltnrede with carn:aes drawen ip in lino sieaitiuig witli what pitience they could their lint to <rive op nid leave their fair occupants at tithe bril liantly lighted door of. this ho-pitnhle inan sion. Tihe gates, (gminds and house hlazel wsith electric lighlt, fointilin t tlaslcd ,ad gleamed soith rainliow hues', kiliidlly throsni upon tlhen by cnreiifull deiFncil?d li-ht.i; while iiside the hallt the mo-t' wonderful orrangeinent of fcrim" oil flowers converted the stately house into a fairy:palace. At the top of the first reception-roonm stood Lady darioin aid Sir William Wallace, sniling and chatting, beamgnig with welcome as they received their many bruests and a?ddreAsed' to them the few society iphases and appropriate chit- chat whiclh was nil that coulid be inter changed in so great a crowd. ' Edith had grown weary of it some half hour previotsly and wlthldreow to an inner drawing-room, where tho warm light fell from rose-colored globes and thOe scented air, the waving palms iand ferns, the sncet heavy scent of rare and beautiful flowers all helped to" lll the senses to a dreaming delight which thle slow music of the distanit ball room only deepened instead of rousing. E-ith fomid herself for a few moments alone, and, drawing near to one. of the large bay wiindows half lshaded hy the soft, velvety crtrina, slihe drew the blind and gazd onit at the soft ioonlit heavens.. :: S"i,A;: heaven," she mnrriured, "how lo-ely, how peacefulthcnight! and here how lippy the faces around me. Ah, tno ! shahll I ever lkswlhihppiness or pacemigaia. Why can I isot still this eager lodging forone atep, tlhis unad,'insane desire td hear the sound of one voice, to feel the touch of one strong land graspinog~,-ine with'-klndnest.n-Yes-l that is juttit, with kindnesa it is and nothing else- yet I thought the last week or so he liooked with more gentleneas; he spoke with somnietling of tendrcnesa, of regret when he Mid that lie should hlave sooi to take i journey with the prince. Ah, .that;prince, what a dark, mysterious beiig iheo is-one glance of his piercing eyes' is enongh to send a shiver right throogh to imy veryT soul.. Is hle George Barton's evil geniui, as lie oome times selems to intimiate? What is thle con-: nection betwoeti them? I fear-I fear it is him I hiave to thank for the state of George's mind towards me. A glancefrom him and George seems to retreat within himnselfsomoe vhlere miles and miles froni leo-anit yet is not love the greatest power in thile world i . I feel as if my love for George would be strong enough to surronund him like a child-to slay any other power that would appromck to harm him. Ah me, what a wild, foolish girl I am-atid he cares nothing-notling---" She clasped herlhands suddenly-, andwrnmng t!hem in heir torture of mind as the strength and hopelessness of her love for ed itself oil her attention. A deep sigh near her made lier tin- sharply roumd to discover the object of her thoughts stianding a little behlind gazhig out at the night with a dramini-, far away airas if he was only half alive.s "Mr. I3arton, I thought yol were' daihe ing!"' crilElith, searcely knowhig in her confusion what lshe said. "Dancing, dancing-what have I to do with dancing; that belonsged to--to whait omnethiiig orssomewhere that I can't I-iy hold of iin my milnd do what I will--~soeie tilae or pl:ace in my life, and yet ran it my life t" " Mr. Blrton, you talk strangely at times, and yet when naction is nece?sry youn are quick enounghl, as I am never tiredil of remem bering," sohe added in a soft and winning tone. It -ecmen to touch Barton into life for a mnoment. Alvancinlg a step he took her" Ihand in a warm clasp. " Nay, Miss M[srJLden, you think too much of so simple i thing; hut I canmlot oa:lr luch .hmitt it sinco it has hroselht mn the friun ship and sympathiy of so snet ;OWro ilion . a yourself, and I ai so lriu-h and pl1 iu a uman that I cannot express to you'all I wieh to say." "' es, my frienulhilp is your-. if that is of anly L?s to -oii-friundo in .tlis vorld ar nuot .so plentiful I find, cud in scilety it is a worl of a hollow sounld ; yet friendship,hplro and singlelc-hearted, and kind theoi'ht neier yet harnmeld anyone,. and my lifo it so lonely a one, hi spite of app IearanIes, anud ill be atl-: ways so, that ily friensdo are f-tI mid far .be tween. A faction of friendship, therlefore, is not likely'to lie bhroken onm my part--hluds on't?" she itaddedl, with a short lini h wsich verged very nigh to tears ' Once mre their Imands met in a long clap. "Thanks, Miss Ylr.larti-E-lith iny I say for once..This is, itnc';l, a thing to prilze --i tiiue, waiii·-hehr'al little friend; but I furget I camnne to as-ik, -t your, si hr s desir6, if yod will honlor ire with tlhis waltz. I feel as if' I daniced,and yet I sni iot cer- tain i" hlie cried, iii ai irritated kind of way, "but.you re nso gentle that if I- don't shIape well -you will palr.lon mae, .l know," amld d\raing the lannit he still hleld thriugi'h his arm, he ma:rhel off to the ball-rosml ini the half;bsboit imasnner olhieli sne-ied umt e of hii ohief char.-teritica. : '. i: Tio softast and dreamiest of wa:ll-es ontdedl: tlrolIughI thl ball-rsitmi, :uit 'J'litli soon fonli:l herself floating rolsIl.. i- GC,:ige B:iirie's nrma. in ths rethalni- lotin- so dear o all truelovers of the ball-roam. 1I-r -tep and George' harmlonized.weolittgetoer. The dancers thiniil:6ff citrisile htii eoliple, bu!t Eithl nind her comnp?nion kept oni. Iiniy :i a?hniring glance folloned them: s-he was so graceful and Barton so -tall, and their dane ing expressel the vry .poetry. ,of .iotion. Bat'as Kinganle says, "Good titmes ald bad timles inil all times 'son coiie I, :n eld," alid o' at hlast did tho waltz:" Witi the look of drlamiing Ihappilni-os still on her face, she let Barton lead her to one of the diiilv lighted conservatories in silence and ti?nd fanning her for a few moments ere he breko the osilene. - itThonk youl, my little friend; it seems that I did dance onie. somewhlere, though 'pan my honor I ein'titsiy wheicre. But yon possess a. great annnomt of electric force, I fancy, for I alvways feel a certain defiance of fate or something when I am utear you. A strange fact. I canq ot explain even to my self what I miean. A strange ont I hkow myeclf to hbe-a queer friend for you, little one, and:-no- nou!ll- ti? of-efmora-o!g if-i mistake not." . . "Never Geor;e--Mr. Barton I mean-I shall not change as long s. there is life in me at all; bat I wish, oh, I wish Icouldhelp you to r 'tember what you wish; bat I feel strangely depressed to:night, and I thought I heard moren than one 'anixious'tono in the groups of talking people thit we rpassed gomi to the ball-room. What is in thie air-do ye feel it'"--(o nT l?I mliP.) W, iI. 18 