Mchieving His Bansom. mm CAAPTER XXIX (Conftuuetl.) jfJI' moments later Jaek Auglin eotered, and | |wwyci' prooteded to interrogate him as closely flfe dared without bringing on himself the , pBSfe'? °f tampering with the witnesses for ?ilttjMO ! but little more sfttisfftction could be 'J'ck th in he was able to obtain from , fB^^pd the lawyer was in despair. He tried to fwMP B ohepftul appearance for 'Flora's sake, but (fr«tr|iiiiiuu-6. ?®iat do you think of the case now?' esked ' 'cu-'v' kave n0^ tft'kfid witk my '' iSn^ UH 6ee H°ra0L'.' . where waB r.e reason for longer delaying the visit;, Stliey wenr, The lawyer waited in tho hall for i w-ra tJ enter t-io eel first anil acquaint ber ljr.tr C' m the arrangement. After ehu hud been ton /i jftinutes with tho prisoner, be entered, and found i j. loth in tears. He began converning with Horace, | »nd from the £ist wna sti uek with the young man's I | honest face and genteel manner. His story was a | simple and pathetic one. On the day of the robbery, She was riding a horse he had purchflsed fr-m Mr. #fSucce, along^n.unfre.quented road toward a village 4^ bo roe distance south of iStandieh, where lie tli^u^htt | *5 flora's father had sent her. It was hiB intention M to .Boo his lndy-Iovo, have an understanding with ?VW-hor, and tlipti' leave to hunt. -up n, position, and as ?^.jr if Boon as able to ouppnrb a wife,- to oomo for her. /, i'jl About two o'clock in tho afternoon he 'fell /i p.Ja company with a Btrnnger, who rode a roan horse ? (|frlth a black car. He recounted tho conversation fiyihey.had had togethi'r, .and waa. certain it was six (V*; ||«cloofc before they septrated at. a place where tho ' gr»adB'torked. He did not inquire the man's rosi ' Pl#oaoe-'or what bueinrsB ho waB engaged in, but ' ?t/fP0'®'*' I1® waB farmer, or cattle buyer. He only A '/H^aew d-hiib his namo was Grogan. The lawyer §'r;!,^W-j8ked a fow more questions, and left', telling Flora ' g - toijoin&im; at the. hotel. w-')\ ''God bless .you,'' .whispered tho prisoner when *; -^f/' thoy m-re alorie. '.'Never waB a m»n hapfwi r tkanir, for never before had nun such proof of ' Horarjp, you will surely bo aoq.ix'ttod. 'Gid will aotiMsrnjit euoh a wrong !' sobbed. Flora. 7ho,prioouer took the fair girl in Ills arms, and mhinparedr. ' /Pray, .dearest I il -faave anoro faith in .your ; . iJptJtpaM'than in any lawyer'a.Bkil.l.'' iltV'''* Thefliilor said it was time to clote up, and after Sk; B\ itagoring.Qiubrnnn kVi»» Aaonrated. Sheibrushed 'ill ®0 (^oar*° . _Jd hurried to the hotel. , I Hnt. ti'o*(g_nor foomi she tfiipjind hor cousin, Colonel /if' / BEale ,, iiuvaiting hor, i.|» 'H'i.re'a ji,.card from a gentleman below who, . wants fco^eo.you,' saiditho Colonel, handing hor a Si a-3-ird. 6Vlio glanced ab it and saw the name of IftJl'l' Josia ^ iHiint:' -!,')# Jt ' Wh *t5'! he here f Why oan ho want'ta boo ','i i'v. . mo P'. i iM' '? 'You feftd Ibeiifcer boo him,' said the lawyer. The bu6 taes* .way be impoitant. I had bettor, %'- retire.' , , , , , , 'Noire w-ain. I want you ta-hear what he has : to say.' S W it. mohod a boll-button, and a moment ? later a boy ' .appeared, ?' Show Mr. Hunt up I' said F.ora. 1,'ie iboy bowed nnd left, and a fow ? f' moments Int.- J lthe .youug nurchaat onteiod. His ; |'S face woro tlio -UMiai .b'i9inesH-like expression. He I bowed on cntc 4hen looking fit the Colonel waitnd for an i -itooduotion. 'Tl'isisCoIi ttel (Halo, a relative of mine, fl'iid i. Flora. ' Anyth ^ITVPou have to.Bnor to mo you can Jif-: BS' \Vo|i|'1 Pthat'L ' Pla,i,Q aucJ business-liko, Miss f Wells. I* am here &y.ehanoB;,a8 we learned, that' r thero was u binkri i^rfitock here, .and wo thought thoro might bo a ba Seein,S i'our namo on tho register, I detei mjoed to «all on you and do what I had determim '4 ?on doing as soon an I got over that little flb of and b(l »8 ! . hand in his Bide po. to assure jhinunlf his soissors noro safo. ''1 hat w to apologise for my former unhmineBf-like ,r,ll,,n,098' „ , °' ' . Horace yi starday, aud i °;l. ' w ' f; a beist, I luid made of m ysolf. Falling into con veroiition with him, I wna ?oon oonrinood 'from hio tine and manner that be is ',1?°,?%?enV~' .,? . . ; 'Thank you, Mr. Hunt M ihauk you:' or,l3-i } , Flora, linpetuouslyi . ....... « And Sow that L am oonv. mood that he , is mno '' cent, I will do ail in my po\ Ter ',0'P ',,m ou®'' t,':. of the tornpe.' '? ... ... , . . . ' Then fiud tho roan horse ^ v'!'1 blaok.oar .l oriod Flora. T i i t*'' ''WWloit, by jingo | I'll do lfc ' I have to let wlntor trade go to thunder. Bn '^ess ndvortising will find him, fand I shall do it,' I \o deolaredj and ?bidding thoTattorne^ and Flora a dleu, ho hurried away to engnge on his mission. ^ , , 'Do you believe ho is in oat 'n9'' ea Flora. ' Yes, greatly in earnest,' . ' Thank Hoavon. The Hunts at a power in this parb of bho State, and they c nn do muoh toward turning tho tide of publio opin ,on* , Sho Bturtnd for Unole Reubon's that i ?veniDgnnd Colonel Halo returnoil homo after consu l®,nb ™'®u Mr, Hyatt, who wns instructed to keep h 'p1 posted, from time to time, in regard to tbo c Mr* Hyatt was speoially instructed to keep opon for tho lidor of tho roan horso with t 10 ulao* onr. CHAPTER XXX. A ltAB'i'Y DKrAKTUtlB, . It wns night I Silontly Flora passed from t'', old gray tavern, ovor tho mossftrown stilos, nnrt ? turned her stops toward tho hill whoro eho had b, ,u' onthatfatul aftornoon whon her lovor was to ru from her aide. Tho night was fino— auoli a ono i w would win a tributo from any astronomer — th 0 a4-.a*a olw.11,1 P.ui'.ll lilfll II (- 111 H ill a HllLtilll/ of lUt. ' f . Through tho frost-brownod fiilingo of tho trees, a Hf . glimpse now nnd thon of ono of tho outbuildings of tho old tavern greoted tho oyo, and, passing to the 'V inner ooiisoiousnoss, Rrnw intontrnngo nnd fantastic imauoF, bearing no relation to oommoiiiilaco obj.'et-. | . Tho tri'CH appeared to iissume human form, nnd f when a gust of wind would gambol through thoir branohec, thoy tossed their strung arms about in thoir defiant freedom But tho repose was si'lclom broken. If for a momont tho wind ralsod it« voice nbovo a whisper, ib wns only to sink bnok into a doopor quiet, a moro perfcot allonoo. As she gradually nonred bho foot of tho hill, nnd tho tloep HhndowB of tliofnirround'tig wood fo 1 upon hor, nhuttiiig out, as ib woro, tho feoblo light of tho stars, no depression, no sinking of Iho Roul onsuod, -bub greater atioiiKth. ON ite she had oomo to lovo that diukneiB and Bolltiule which had bi'on tho torror of hor ot il Ihood. Thero Boomed moro sym pathy in natu o than Bho outtld find iu human Mra, Howard sympathlned with her, but that 1 . myBlnrY whloli bad nnvolopod bho Howards had ttrown bi. of lato thnt nho had ootne almost to fear hor friond. Thab nlghb in tho old wnyaldo inn, with tho atrango midnight visitor, had novor left) tho young girl's mind. Aunt Rnohol sympathised . with lior, but Iho poor old lady wna illiterate, and unahlo to offor tluvb oonnolatlon to tlio soul whioli musb oomo from duopor natures to aootho suali a . sorrow na hors. Aftor all, ib Is God who sympathizes moat wlbli us in our aflllotlons. Ho alone oan glvo ronl ootiBtili* tlou. Slio auated horfioif oh tho stump to enjoy a quiet hour, IJolow liar, down in tho lowlands, sho oould oatoh a glimpse of tho atroam just visible, nnd tho long bridge aorosa it, and thought of him whom nho loved oonllnod in bhab dark ooll, and tours oame to h°r oyoa. Qraduilly tho eastorn nky waa llghtor ana tho start! grow more indlatli'Ot.Jand bho woab dnoponod the rlohitoBB of Its shadows i hero and thero a dead troo, wlinao white, ghost-llko atma jjoomed a monument of piat prido and ' atronath, aeemed to hnvo put off a dark voll, whioh foil bnok, mingling with tho ob aouro dt'iipery of tho nlulil;. She wna nlouoi alnuo with her thoughts and tho rlnlug nrb. Btightor and briuhfet' Krow tlio sky until nb last, bursting from the oovu* of troon and rooks, tho moon launohod forth on ito unobntruotod lako of hoaven. Though aho felb In all Iba foroo and boauby bhab— 'Nonrerxrew llto moon tmil mlilnlHht »iitr, and doillilmaolf ' moronenr,' yob tho ondnona Innroaaod, nnd, atrango bo aay, a fooling of lonnllnosa and n sonnatlon of pnin took poofloaulon of hor. (To be BonUnuod) ? 