CHAPTER XXIV. THE THIRD PEAL OF THE BELLS. Hitherto I had not heard Gunnery speak ; I had not seen him ; but immediately the chiming bells commenced to usher in the hour of execution. I felt him. It is the only way by which the sensation may be described. Just as sound is transmitted, and thought, and light, and heat ; so there was by some mysterious means transmitted to me— feeling. I could not see, nor bear, but, by feeling, I knew exactly what was transpiring in the condemned cell. He had knelt down mechanically as the chaplain prayed. I felt him. He had shuddered with momentary fear as the warders prepared him for execu- cution, I knew when he emerged from the cell, and passed into the fresh morning air— mounted the scaffold—and looked dispair- ingly around on the few fearful witnesses. I felt the touch of the rope by which he was bound, the pulling down of the cap over his face, the preparatory tightening of the noose around the neck, the shooting back of the bolts, and the drop into space, and the horrors of strangulation. The Doctor stood fanning me, for he guessed what was transpiring, he knew that by some mysterious means I was suffering every agony, and drinking to the very dregs, Gunnery's cup of death by violence. But fearful as the sense of physical suffering was, t here was a torment still greater. It was the consciousness of guilt. It is not given to ordinary men in this life to see the vision of sin. I had seen ; but now, I felt. it. There was laid upon me in that hour of horror, the whole burden of guilt of my spirit, soul, and body. But with the consciousness that it was not vicarous suffering. One might in that way, be willing to some heroic hour to suffer for another; but it was my own burden that pressed me down, the penalty of my own transgressions, the realization of my own sin. Every physical pang which the parting soul and body of the hanged man suffered, passed spiritually to me : but that I could have borne. It was the other thing. The choking: sense of wrong, of a hopeless future, a. wrecked life. A mountainous unshapely thing of evil, which encompassed me, which bore me down, and smothered me in its vileness ; until, as the Doctor told me after- wards, I literally gasped for breath, and actually showed signs of strangulation. But it was nothing physical, which I might explain. If, as I said, every colour has a. corresponding mental emotion, it was the darkest of them all, something which per- sonified all mental and physical suffering. The wonder is that the body sustained the spirit ; doubtless it would have been better for me to have died. But the Doctor was on the tiptoe of expectation us to what should be next. He knew by the pallor of my face , that Gunnery away there in the court-yard of the prison was dying, or dead. His one absorbing thought was, would there be a reunion ? Would the soul come seeking for itself ? Would it he visible ? What matter my sufferings if he could but demonstrate a remarkable psychological fact ! I saw it all myself, but I think it will be best to describe what followed in his own words, as he related it to me afterward. There was no preparatory sound of warning, said the Doctor, but he was suddenly conscious of the presence of a third person in the room. He looked into a mirror, and distinctly recognised behind me the soul form of Mark Gunnery. It had come, as he expected. He confessed to a severe mental shock when the apparition like figure first appeared, standing behind me. He moved away nearer to the side of the room on which the mirror was ; care- fully observing every movement of the soul in the glass. There was only one living Gunnery now, and the soul had come in search of its sister spirit, and yet it seemed to him to stand hesitating. My eyes were closed, and my aged form lay back in the large chair as though insensible. He realized in a moment that it was the aged form which, was repug- nant to the soul, and it hesitated so long that he feared a catastrophe, and every moment expected to see my spirit, in some materialized form, emerge from the body and join with the soul-form and disappear. He trembled in every nerve lest this should occur, and the death penalty should be paid by two instead of one, but he dared not turn around, for it seemed to him from what he could see by the reflection of the ghost in the glass, that it was watching him as much as the patient. His whole body he said, broke out into a cold perspiration, so great was his anxiety. Presently he observed the soul form draw nearer, and bend over the unconscious form in the chair ; then it again seemed to hesitate. He was simply terrified now ; and almost prayed aloud that the end might come one way or the other quickly. He felt the tension upon his nerves so great. Just then the soul-form changed in its appearance; and slowly melted away. It must have been some time afterward when the Doctor, who had sunk exhausted into a chair, came to my assistance. He found me sobbing as though in the greatest grief ; but he at once ceased to fear for me. I was once again perfectly human, for the soul of the dead Gunnery in the prison, had secured reunion with its spirit in the body known as John Vernon. (To be continued.) 