LAUNCESTON. A [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT Wednesday. The report, of the civil engineer specially engaged to make a resurvey of the River Tamar and the harbour, this given the 'utmost satisfaction. It proves conclusively that the assertion made to the effect that the channel was sitting MP, is untrue. That impression is contrary to Lot for the channel has maintained its depth the ghost remarkably well. Of course, those who originally got up the scene which necessitated this re survey being made at a cost of something like £100, hold they were quite correct, for Mr. Clerke ' states that in the harbour and down to Town Point the low water mark has been carried out into the river by ships from the soft bank. But the members of the Marine Boar J were quite well aware of that before, and never disputed it. What they argued, and in this they were some out by their Daniells, was that the channel of the liver was not sitting up, with this extra survey has proved their contention to be correct. As to the harbour, everything possible has been done with the means at the dis- (lad of the Board to maintain an adequate depth. But more money is required. With another drudge at a cost of £500 a year, and the expenditure of a fewtliouauudH in continuing the close piling round Town Point, and carrying out other improvements, the harbour could be brought to a state of perfection, which would even less Warden Sadler and some of the captains of vessels who at present trade to tie poet. But until that money is forth coming these individuals will be compelled to take the common-sense view adopted by others interested, and do the best they can with the facilities and means at their dio point At the Police Court to-day James Williams, alias Alexander McLean was committed for trial on a charge of uttering a (oequefor £19, well knowing it to be a forgery. Edward Rooney, on bail from Monday, charged at Evandale with arson udlaroeny, was arrested this morning on warrant from Superintendent Fincham and waged with the larceny of a riding stock, property of Donald Mackinnon, of Dal as He was remanded to Evandale, bail was allowed in his own recognizance of £10. ". Yet, charged with stealing £12 12. As two gold rings from Ah You, another seaman, at Gladstone, was remanded to surplice for trial. The autumn show of the Launceston Horticultural Society was held this after Main the Albert-hall. The exhibits con jaw principally of chrysanthemums, of "Tb over a thousand blooms were shown in "egg lorne new varieties. There was also splendid display of fruit and vegetables. MOTHERS, DO YOU REALISE how saw little ones suffer when their tender Ware literally on fire with itching and Tag cinemas and other itching, scaly,. so blotchy skin and scalp diseases? To' Is that a warm bath with COTMUBA wanda single application of CUTIOOKA Wotoieni), the great skin cure, will, in the Ptat majority of cases, afford instant relief, ("effect sod sleep, and point to a penny in wd economical (because so speedy) "*, and not to use them without a Pilot's delay, is to fail in your duty. No Pear legacy can be bestowed upon a child "To skin without blemish and a bodiC "Ched with pure blood. Moif8.?">6st Jams in Tasmania; one SDOO' weight' tins" W" D PEACOCK JW the 161 Brand of JAM. Acknow is to be the finest production in the 