? The Editor invites contributions to this column. Accepted paragraphs will be Paid for at usual rates. N.S.W. AGENT-GENERAL SAMUELS drawe IIS20 a year. N.S.W. MINIBTKK OP LAUDS CARRCTHEHS is 3M this month. NEAT " figure of speech" from a New Zealand candidate's°address: "They'll keep cutting the wool off the sheep that lays the golden egg until they pump it dry." N Z. PREMIER SEDDDN was badly flabbergasted at a lecent meeting. He was denouncing the capitalists. " You know whom I mean by the fat man?" he bellowed out. " Yes," chirped in a thin voice from the back of the hall, " the Premier!'' Seddon was struck dumb, and the audience simply shrieked again. Tnc Benevolent Asylum authorities have made another haul, not of spoile.l ediblee and drinkables this time, but of mislaid jewellery, consisting of about 80 gold rings, various watches, chains, charms, and foreign coins. Mr. L&ver;, the superintendent, reports that he "came across" this haul, which is not very definite. We are left to surmise that it is tbe swaer of some venerable burglar who, whilst residing in tbe Asylum,could not resist the desire to crack a crib now and again, and wbo, dying, left his treasure to the Asylum. Anyhow, this is a surprising institution, and it would perhaps be as well to have it thorougbly.overhauled in quest of further hidden stores of liquor and other treasure trove. Forour part it would not provoke much astonishment if such a search led to thediseovery of miscellaneous skeletons of various inmates wbo have died in outof the-way corners and been completely overlooked or forgotten. • Aprnjins of B. E. Minns, the Australian black and white artist who is making bis mark in London. When John Horrocks was running the disastrous Illustrated, Sydney News—Alfred Bennett's pet paper with which be thought to supplant the Graphic—Minns submitted some fketches to him in the presence of the writer. Horrocks, who knew more about cotton goods than art, severely criticised the work, and in contemptuous tones suggested some alterations that amounted to redrawing the pictures. " We want first-class work," was HorroeW parting shaft at the artist, very woebegone and evidently down on his luck, ' not daubs, and don't come here worrying me." Snortly afterwards Minns got a good opportunity, for liis work then waB quite equal to his present-day stuff, and it was not long, before he came to be recognised among Australia's leading artists. SIS GBOEOE GBEY, Maoriland's veteran, is an ardent S.ngle-Taxer. But he ne rer pushed this principle much daring his late years of political life. MAX HIRSCH has a salary of X3 a week from the Single Tax League, the principal members of which are simply in the game for Parliamentary honours. LAWS-KR AUTHOR ROBINSON, who spoke on Freetrade at the Prabran Town Hill last week, is the smart son of tbe A ge's commercial editor. He has politicil aspirations. " WHITE-EYED KAFKIR" CHIRGWIN spends most of his time fishing off tbe St. Kilda pier with detestable luck. Up-to-date the record is one mullet, and yet he declares the sport is " fine." IT is not generally known tbat Sir Herbert. Kitchener, the Sirdar of Egypt, is a native of New Zealand. Many years ago his father settled in Ocago, where Sir Herbert still owns property. HOLDER is the most sombre man in South Australian politics—tall, thin, grim and dressed in immaculate black. He i6 the best attempt at a perfect Treasurer that S.A. has yet produced. MB. ERNEST HOOLEV, the company promoter who presented lhat gold communion service to St. Paul's Cathedral, London, is reputed to have cleared £1 .500,000 out of three recent deals he bandied. MB. JAMES SMITH, the well- known Melbourne litterateur, announces that be has discovered the real author of tbe'-Letters of Junius.'' Many others persons have previously claimed to have made the same discovery. Mr. Smith does not say whether his real author was in indigent circumstances when he discovered bim. If he were it is to be hoped that Mr. Smith will use bis influence to get 1 im into the Benevolent Asylum, on the promise ..hat he will not write any more letters creative of exasperating literary conundrums. H s must be a pretty old man now. DR. QUICK, the Bendigo ex-M.P., and one of the smartest and most prominent of our Federation advocates, is a Sandhurst native, and the first money be earned was as a "feeder " in one of Lansell's batteries. CRICKETER "JOE" DARLING won't have it tbat Giffen is on the decline. When be returned to Adelaide someone remarked anent " Gif.," " Not as good as be was, is be, Joe ?" " Well," remarked Darling, warmly, " he made 1000 runs and took 100 wickets during the tour, and a man can't be much off wben he does that, can he ?" Giffen is as good as ever. WITH Lord Hopetoun it is not a case of out of eight out of mind, for the late Governor has still pleasant recollections of tbe people and of the ability ot Melbourne professional men. The following is a copy of a portion of a letter recently received by Mr. Merrill, tbe well-known dentist of Collins-street from Lord Hopetoun :—" I continue to bless you daily for what you did for me two and a-half years ago. It has been a great boon to me. Pray remember me kindly, and also convey Lady Hopetoun's kindest regards to Mrs. Merrill." PASTOR ABBOTT'S flock of Free Christians— exceedingly free if half the assertions they make againBt each other are true — are not very numerous, but they make a great noise in the community for all that. It was a former shepherd of this flock who was found guilty of having run away from England with another man's wife. He explained that it was an oversight or something of the sort, and that he had taken her in mistake for his own, but be was bundled off with a great hullabaloo. Since then the male Free Christians seem, according to their own admissions, to have spent their time alternately kissing the pretty girls in the fold and pouring out abuse upon one another. This is the most free form of Christianity we have struck, and it seems necessary to remind a few of Pastor Abbott's sheep tbat the command, " love thy neighbour," contains no stipulation to the effect that you are only to love your neighbour when that neighbour is a female and young and pretty. A LONDON correspondent informs PONCU that Boulder "Bill" Brookman IB working mighty bard to share in any_titular spoils going at the coming Jubilee. SIR TnoMAS ELDER is reputed to be the largest landowner in South Australia. The property he is interested in would make a decent-sized English province. GOVERNMENT GEOLOGIST RSOINALD MURRAY has, it is said, definitely settled to secede from the State service. Several wealthy London corporations have retained his services. N.S.W.'s EX-JUDOE WINDRTBE is filling in his spare time in London writing poems tor a volume he has in contemplation. " Cissy," " Josephine" and all tbe other Mellon spook atrocities will, no doubt, reappear in a rhapsody of verse. PREMIER REID, in fie midst of his political duties, still finds time to practise his profession. Litttle fish are his prey, for no big cases go bia way. By-theway, Georgy Porgy was lately initiated into the mysteries of Masonry. CRIMINAL JUDGE DOCKER, ol New South Wales has a pmcknil for long sittings. The other week he kept a County Assize Court going for sixteen hours!! The public are beginning to clamour against little freaks like that. ANTHONY GIBBS, the head of Gibbs, Bright and Co., and the Rothschilds are at the back of the Ashcroft Sulphide Corporation now engaged in erecting extensive works at Cockle Creek, Newcastle. POLITICIAN J. G. WARD, New Zealand's ex- Treasurer, is tbe fastest speaker in the House of Representatives. When angry he can cover 270 words a minute with ease, The Hansard men know him as " Wordy Ward." A oNE-TiMEprominent Prahran amateur vocalist, Mrs. D. Miller, nee Miss Gosbell, is doing extremely well at Johannesburg, where her vocalising brings her in JIM a month. For singing a weekly solo at one church she draws J35 a time. INSTEAD of tbe usual illuminated address, Dan Lanarus, M.L A., is to receive from tbe Bendigo corporation a silver shield surmounted by his own portrait in silver on his retirement from the mayoralty. WHAT a difference there is between tbe Miss Temple wbo played Hero in Much Ado About Nothing" a few years ago and the Miss Temple who played Sooza in "A Mother of Three" the other day. The former impersonation one can unfortunately never- forget ; tbe other will always be remembered with pleasure. GFORQE BEAD MUEPHV, who made South Melbourne too hot to hold both him and Tom Smith, M.L A., has been transferred to do Clerk of Courts' duties north of the Yarra. Murphy claims to have invented a torpedo (why didn't he use it on Smith ?) and it is indisputable that he has written a novel. He iB an advocate of criminal reform (but somehow the criminals won't reform). MR. ROBERT CHIRNSIDE sends a letter to the A rgus warmly advocating a bonus for the destruction of foxes, contrary to the advice of Mr. Allen, the official whose duty it is to determine these matters. Mr. Chirnside is a very enthusiastic enemy of the fox, and abuses poor Beynard as a most destructive plague and a Epoiler of the poor farmer and poorer selector. This is probably true, but it is funny all the same—funny when we remember that tbe Chirnside family is responsible for the introduction of the fox into Victoria. AFTER all, Australia is to bear that good old has-been," the festive Sims Reeves. Owing to the success of tbe South African tour, his management has decided to take this country before returning to England. Sims is now in his SOth year. " BLOOD OR BREAD" VOBPER, Coolgardie's chief opponent to the Forrest Administration, is an extraordinary character wbo has been " revolutionising" for many years, for which be gained a great deal of notoriety in Queensland. Vesper is over six feet high, wears his hair inches longer than any spring poet, and owns the biggest feet iu W.A. He is an effective stump orator, saying much and meaning little—a style that t&k;^e with the crowd immensely. He should be in the next Western Parliament if the electors will stand his hair and feet, A CRICKET match was played in 1S!)4 between a Victorian team and a West Australia eleven. The Victorians batted first, and tbe first ball was bit into a jarrah tree, just outside the ground. " Lost ball," cried tbe W.A. captain. "No," said the umpire ; " I Tan see it in a fork of the tree !'' So the West Australians tried all kinds of methods to knock it down, but could not succeed. Then efforts were made to climb the tree, but williout avail. Meanwhile the Victorians were steadily running. At last axes were oDtained, and the tree chopped down after great labour. The Victorians then ceased running, having made 1249. Their captain then declared the innings closed. The West Australians mBde 14-9 and 231, and therefore suffered defeat by au innings and SG3 runs l! ! PEEMIEU SEDDON, of New Zealand, is no kidglove politician. "Dick" can use his hands as well as his tongue, and when he looks ugly, with clenched teeth and ditto fists, the other fellow feels uncomfortable. Once when "speechifying" in public, Seddon was much annoyed by the interjections of a mm sitting up near the platform. The speaker tried to mollify his enemy with soft answers at first, but finding these of no avail ha seized the first opportunity under the confusion of a show of bands to step aside to his tormentor and hiss: "Just you keep your cursed toug ue still, will you ?" The man cast one terrified glance at Seddon as he stood, looking fit to give a knockout blow to a camel, and subsided, and was -a 8 peaceful as a little child throughout the reina>n der of the meeting. tini" . N'ORLE Pun.— British aristov haB for some jn : ,r trade in the (,]ii >untry, and as i]iH]ii>oragehas probably Ueen tumbling ,,v. i itself in doing .o. enterprising hr.'.: 'hpsarespreadm« ' hemselves and seeking "fresh nr.:.(the intel- ] i s n t compositor -ivi 1 i say n'oods, no fii-1-: . if he pleases ami pastures new." N a • ii rally, the thoughts rt enteij,ri \- ig men turn to .Au-'ralia, and if Au^'ralia, why certainly to the West. We are informed upon good authority that a syndicate lias ivift been started in Cue, W.A., with birds Avonmoreand Kintal at the head, for the purpose of opening a large puljiic-bouse at that plice. The manager is, m- is to be, a son of it late Governor of liio colony. Lord Avonroore is, we Imliove, or was recen 11 y, in Melbourne. IjITTLE DOROTHY Uss Eii, according to American papers, is having revenge on Sat Goodwin for his treatment of her when in Australia. Dorothy has boon interviewed by sereral Pressmen on the ofher side— Pressman have been a weakness of the above little lady's —she could ahvays win them over. AR.cHi!16HO]" CAKR, when railway travelling down GippsUnd on one occasion, had an old digger for a companion. 1 he latter was anxious for a ciial. and to gain his object he fixed the Archbishop with, 11 Can yez tell me, to settle a bet for drinks, sor, how old the devil is ?' " My friend," replied the Archbishop, with a merry twinkle in hit eye, "you should keep your own family record.'' „ , , , „ „ , , , , , • THE KEY." CHARLES JONES, undertaker and church reformer, has naturally come in for some ••oniiomnation, but no one has paid a tribute to his enterprise in setting up as a kind of clerical George and George, selling everything in the person line, and a little more besides. Mr. Jones will marry you, christen you, bury you,make your oollin. pray for you, forgive all your sins, a.id pnibubiy, too, procure you a divorce, all by reason of liis one function as a reformed parson. You belong to his church, just as you might belong to a circulating library, and he does the thing complme. Probably be gives indulgences away witn a pound of tea, if you are inclined that way, or pro. ures you a pair of boots and remission of all four sins for, say, half a guinea. It :s cheap, and tods to concentration of business. Ii the ghost of Schubert had been present at tho Town Hall on Saturday afternoon, he would b«ve enjoyed himself. Schubert never heard his jireat Symphony in C performed by an orchestra. Mm shall Hall did it perfectly. Poor Schubert nev.-r earned more than a paltry XI00 a year «ui ing any part of his life. Marshall Hall, who . - - . , . . „ ,.,,„-,,-, „ „„_„ mm y intreprets his works, gets IK 00 apear liy-he-way, talking of Schubert has Hall heard 1H- remark made by Weber to when Scliu iitr: showed hun the ECDre ot his o^era, Altoneo an.l EstrellaV" "Jt is the usual course,' said WV.er, " to drown the first puppy and burn the firsi opera." May nwt the same remark apply to tne irst poem ? If Hall had burned the M.S. of ' !• ne,'' it had been better for hiro. A CONFIDENCE-MAN HAD. IT - just as well when you meet a stranger in a "Iif i.u ascertain the identity of the person you are talk ng to. One day last week a member of one ot r 'iir .rineipal importing firms was diniug at, a welltun n cafe., and sitting opposite to him was a «ua : and well dressed stranger. The latter noticed 'ha- Ihc importer had added to his frugal meal a suit i bottle of St. Marceaux champagne. '• i observe," remarked the stranger, " that you lirii our wine." " s this your wine?" queried the importer in an iutt- ested tone. '•'.Veil, not ours in a literal sense," replied the stranger smilingly, " but we are the special ageiir.a for it. Do you like it?'' do —very much," replied the importer can stly, smacking his lips. " ! hen," s .id the other, " let me send you a case mtra of it. I can let you have it ten shillings a rate cheaper than vou can get it anywhere else. Our terms are half-cash with order, balance on deli ery. What do you say !" " simply that you are about as cool a customer 1 have come across for some time. My firm has bee:, sole agent, for eome time of this brand. Clear out or you may find yourstlf where neither St. Mai oeaux nor any other brand ot champagne is 'ea.iily available." T»e suave stranger cleared. He saw that lleynanl the fox was not clever enough for Renai d and Co. Fact—not advt " DICK Y '' SPEIGHT is raking in a good sum from his West Australian appointments. The ex- Chairman of Railways will shortly return to Melbourne to recuperate his health. One of Jlr. Speight's sons has also been very fortunate in the Miss ELLA COLLINS will be the first American lady raised to a throne hy marriage. Her lianre, Colonel John Hobbs, reigns over the people ot the Jilka Islands in the New Hebrides group. Colonel Hobbs has had a life full of strange adventures, a n d is n o w ki QVer ]2(X) Ie ^ nam^ 0f Oumaulea THE PRINCE'S CIGAR. —Harry Trott has told the truth about the Prince's cigar that the gonial Trotty was smoking after 1 u n - cheon—but he has not told the whole truth, Our Hardened Contributor saw him after the luncheon at the M..C.C. and taxed him with his duplicity in saying that the Prince of Wales had given it to him. "It wasn't quite right," said Trott, '• but I Epoke upon the spur of the moment. But I did not tell an intentional crammer— ^ wfts ted u n d e r rcu^stancB6. It Prmc(,.s cigar that I was smoking; yetthe Prince gave me one. I smelt it and used one of my own. Royal cigars are too gamey for my taste. The Prince's cigar I reserved for my brother. His N i b s' namesake, Albert Edward Trott. He'll smoke anything." " And did he smoke that cigar ?" O. H. C. enquired. " Smoke it? Rather — and asked for more." We feel it a duty to put Mr. Trott right with the public. Mu. CHAS. GLEN- NING, whose name is familial to Australian playgoers, and who is n0w"takin| part iQ " T leading Duchess of - — Coolgardie," • was respondent in a successful divorce petition on 17th October. John Henry Barnes, actor, was petitioner. His wife, Miss Marie Williams, was once well and favourably known on the stage. A RETURN was presented to the Legislative Assembly a few days ago showing that from 1st January, 1891, to 2">th November, 20!l destitute persons were sent to gaol. A proud record for this young country— The poorest mau in Melbourne town, Though old and sick, and broken-down, And even honest, need not fret, Good treatment he is sure to get, .MIHS fail. A roof he'll have above bis head (A roof that has no holes at all, Through which the rain a night may fall) And food—though plain—likewise abed— In Gaol. 