HENEY CLARENCE KENDALL. (By Alexander Sutherland.) II.— n IS early life! — (continued). Hia thiiteenth year being sped, and a little sohoolms accomplished, fcfonry Ken dall was considered ready for a calling. He ha 1 none of the roving disposition of his father, nor the slightest possiblo inclination to the ecaman's life, b'ut hia uncle Joseph wns captain aud owner of a Email brig of 135 tons, named tho Plumsfoad ; and, as ho w^s willing to take the lad, the unclo3 at Ulladulla made it no matter of concern what wprothe little fellow's tastes-, shipping „fr i ? u. ? ? __ , ii.iu wu -»a uauiu uuy to ue ttiuneu uuuui ana cuffed for a couple of years at the whim of a rough set of sailors. For there are hints which lead oa to guess that his uncle waB froe from any sentimontal softness such as might have given to his nephew any indul gence not shown to other lads. He himself had started from the bottom ; consider what he now was ; cohld it roal.y be a b id thing for an idle monkey to taste a rope's end while still in pracea3 of being licked into shape 1 Thus, while Au tralia was full of the early gold excilemei t, the boy Kendall waa away on his two loii.; - ..; ~v . Tlio brig Plumsi-iacl jiii - ; ,o:i 1.» 1 ; ? n i whaler, bat sbn-eafitiiro/l only »jijn I . '?.'..?.OUu,rwi?o. ?hc_c--nk a ] cargo sv'riwvsr she cr.iiiifgt)!. ii, two year* wero a general cmisc np a* id i ? - - -'?- +i, and the Marques-is, touched at Yokohama, and in mauy lands much must hare flitted before his eyes that waa lovely and capable of firing the imagination. But to him it was a time of misery. Weak, slendi-r, and of studious diaposition, the rude, sordid life of galley-firea, tar-pots, aud wretched cabin, the tyranny of Jack aboard and his drunken orgie3 upon land, must have been utterly d scordunt wi'h hia diapoiition. In November, 1856, the vessel's wander ings brought her to Mauritius, where she loaded at Port Louis with sugar to Mel bourne, and a couple of days before New Year she cast anchor off Port Melbourne. ; The following three months in Melbourne knew the future potfc only as a wistful little fellow, longing unutterably to go home, but living in expectation of a cargo. In March, 1857, the brig sailed for Sydney in ballast, and glad was his heart to set foot once more on land and leave the sea and its un genial experience behind him. He pro ceeded to the Clarence River, where he was known, and at Grafton obtained employ, ment aa office-boy to a well-known solicitor of the district. Thia was James Lionel Michael, not only a genial fellow but a capable poet.. He had lost, some time before, a wife to whom be had been de votedly . attached, and now was living bachelor fashion in a house surrounded by a pretty garden, and enriched within by a choice little library of English, French, and German literature. It was a free and eaBy household, and Michael whs no conven tional employer. He treated as a younger brother the lad who kept his office for him. His business was by no means extensive, and Michael would desert it at any time to talk poetry and whimsical philosophy. It so happened that the very year 1857, in which Kendall joined him, he was pre paring for the press his lyrioal volume en titled ' Songs Without Music,' and it ia very probable that some part of the lad's easy occupation may have been to copy out his employer's verses for the printer. Proof slips must have been familiar, and aa Kendall praotically lived with his em ployer, he jvas no doubt initiated into many discussions of rhythm and rhyme. Michael's book is one of melodious cadence and pretty sentiment. It is in patt constructed on the model of Tom Moore, but ia not without characteristic notes of his own. It formed In turn the model for Kendall's early work, some of his verses echoing very closely the lines of .the other poet. No sooner was this volume through the press than Michael started a long poem which he entitled ' John Cumberland,' a desultory, semi-autobiographical production, begin ning with eccentric imitations of 'Faust' and proceeding with strange intermingling of bold, though rhyibmio prose, wild rhapsodies, and touching paaaages of true poetry. In the friendly off-hand intimaoy of the place, Kendall, no doubt, heard much of this extensive production, second longest among poems of Australasian birth;, and the life thns led must have fired his young pcetic enthusiasm. 1 But Michael did far more for the lad than all this implied. He encouraged him to read, and gave him the beat poets of the English language with which to form his taste. , Kendall never took with any thorough relish to the old Elizabethan poets, nor yet to Milton. He formed a poor opinion of Dryden and Pope. But at thia period he filled his fancy full with the work of Shelley, Mrs. Browning, and Tennyson. Miohael encouraged him to learn French, and he read enough of Beranger and Yie'or Hugo to be able greatly to prefer the latter. ~ He now began to have poetic aspirations of his own, and he furtively despatched bis earliest satisfactory attempt to a children's paper called ' The Band of Hope,' wherein it appeared in all the startling flattery of print. Then he tried the poet's corner of | mo ojuj|.ucu, uwuwu aim Baited by Henry Parkes, . who not only inserted the verses, but after two or three aooept ances of that sort, inquired after their author. Parkes himself had poetic hopes. Twenty years before Jie had weakly per petrated his 'Stolen Moments,' and he waa even now but two or three years distant from the publication of hia ambitious ' Murmurs of the Stream.' It speaks well for the kindly patriotism with which the bard-worked and financially-troubled editor then glowed that he was on the watch for the appearance of the firat genuinely Australian poet, to help him and encourage his feet to the front. Now it bo happened that Michael waa a great friend of N. D. Stenhouse, the recog nised patron of literature in the Sydney of those times. Stenhouse was a practising lawyer, but though no writer, a passionate lover of letterB ; friend of Sir William Hamilton and Thomas do Quincey ; a fine scholar, a man of cultured taste, possessor of a magnificent library, one of the foun dera of tho Sydney Free Library and presi dent of the School of Arts. To him the youthful Eendall on a trip to Sydney bore a letter of introduction from Michael. The old man' took a genial interest in the lad, introduced him to Harpur, then the only true poet of Australia, and to Deniehy, most interut^ting of its prose writers. He introduced him likewise to Dr. Woolley, tho principal of Sydnoy University, and it was probably through Stenhouse that Parkes met in tho flesh the young contribu tor whom ho already- tlightly knew by corrospondcnco. Encouraged by all these friendly seniors, though still only at tho nao_ of twonty-ono,' Kendall in 18G2 pnthered his forty-fivo bost lyrics lo form a littlo volume, which bo on titled ' Songs iind Poems.' Clarko and Co. wore tho publishers in Sydney, but tlio ratna of Sampson, Jjow, and Marston gavo it a certain Lon lon guarantee. It is in greater part tho work of a more fledgling, but there aro ha f'a-d'-zeu pioaes that arrest attention and command respcot. His 'Ghost Glen,' with its Ger.nau diablorio, is a romnrkablo piece of work for a lad. I Cannot find « follow to it in its own particu lar line within the English language. Nut th it it is by any moans ef ihj highest clasi, hut of its kind t is truly poetical, and works With strong i ffect 011 ' h - emvt ona of tho read«r. Tho veraes on iha doith of Charles Ht'p'ir have in the in ervenin^ thirty year* b=en uf'en qu -ted, aud show no sig'i8 of wearing ilireadbure. Tho ' Sung of the Cattle Hunters,' though an echo of Michael, has long been a popular favorite, und the ' Fato of the Expiorera ' Ts an iuipres ive rendering of the story of Burke and Wille, though of exucu'ion not equal to its ambition. Many pieces other wise promising are m srrod by imitation of the tricks of Edgar Allan Poe, then evi dently of some ascendancy in the mind of you'h. With so many frionds to help it, tho b-- k made a nine days' wonder. Not that thi-i implies pecuniary sucocss. Some five hundred o -pics were printed, but th ugh these were all eventually sold, when tr'.de allowances are deducted the rtcaipts fur so .email an edition can n ver at a reasonable V'? rradu to covor the -O -st. Yet the reuuus y.ivo-ihq .y^aug author a certain btauding, end Sir J.ohu r .ibortson offered i-i r. ci'-rkebip in th=- sr. - -.'ey office of the O'cwt Land? Dep -r.(. This he accep ted.. formal r. hv-«-j : -i lis mother aod sinters in Sydney, iife promised to , He began ti read systematically ; took lessons in French, and Dr. Woolley's friendship to some extent direc-cd the course of hia atudicE. He secured for -him the use of the University lirirary ; but with the general ' public Ken dall die! out of notice in very brief timo. He was assurtd by o'hers, and himself felt certain, that an Australian reputation could be acquired only by securing a s'and ni! with the critics in England. Accordingly he made up a parcel of one of his books and a number of more r:cent poems in manu script, and with a touching letter of boyish ambiti n forwarded the whole to the editor of the Aihenatum. Nineteen appeals out of twenty under these circumstances would have passed without no 'ice. But the editor made use of the incident for an article, in which the youthful aspirant received no niggardly praise. Three of his poems were quoted in full, with a prophecy of future excellence. _ Another encouragement came in 1866 with the publication of Mr. G Bartrn'd ' Poets and Prosu writers of Few South Wales'; that capable c-itic, after reviewing all the work done in the colony, asserted that 'the lyrics Kendall baa written are by far the finest yet produced in Australia.' (To be continued.) 