Letter Apostolic of His Holiness Leo XIII. , by Divine Pro vidence Pope, concerning Anglican Orders, ? + ? [Concluded.) 4.— iNVARIATJiyrc PliACTtCK' Of THE Holy See. Tins authority of Julius III. and of Paul IV., which wo have quoted, oloarly shows fcho origin of that practice ?which has boen observed without interruption for inoro thini throe centuries, that, Ordinations conferred according to the Edwardiuo rito should bo considered null and void. This practice iH fully proved by the numerous cases of absolute re-ordination according to the Catholic rite oven in Rome. In tho obser vance of this practice, wo have a proof dirootlv affectiuir the matter in hand. For if by any chance doubt should remain as to the true souso in which these Pontifical dooumeutsaro to bo understood, tho principle holds good that ' Custom is the best inter preter of law.' Sinco in the Church it haH ever boon a constant and established rulo that it is sacrilegious to reject the Sacrament of Urdors, it novor could lmvo come to pass that tho Apostolic Soo should havo silontly acquiesced and toleratod such a diatom. But not only did tho Apostolic Soo tolerato this practice, but apjn'ovod and sanctioned it as often as any particular case arose which callod for its judgment in tho matter. Wo adduce two facts of this kind out of many which have from time to timo boen submitted to tho Supremo Council of tho Holy Office. Tho first was (in 1084) of a certain French Calvinist. and the othor (in 1704) of John Clemont Gordon ; both of whom had received thoir Ordors according to tho lOdwardino ritual. In tho first ohho, after a searching investigation, tho oonHultors, not a few in numbor, gavo in writing their answers — or, as they call it, thoir vola — and tho rest unanimously agreed with thoir conclusion, 'for tho invalidity of tho Ordination,' and only on account of reasons of opportuneness did tho Cardinals deem it woll to answer by a dilala (viz , not to formulato tho conclusion at tho moment). Tho samo documents wore culled into use and considered again in the examination of tho second case, and additional writton statements of opinions wore also obtained from oonsultors, and tho most eminent Doctors of tho Sorbonuo and of Douai wore lilcowiso aslcod for thoir opinion. No safeguard which wisdom and prudonoe could suggest to ensure tho thorough sifting of tho question Avas neglected. (3. — Dkohee ov Clkmknt XT. and Its IMPORTANCE. And hero it is important to observe that although Gordon himsolf, whose case it was, and some of tho oonsultors had adduced, amongst tho reasons which went to prove tho validity, tho Ordination of Parker, according to their own ideas about it, in the delivery of tho decision, this reason was altogether set aside, as documents of inoontostablo authen ticity prove. Nor, in pronouncing tho deci sion, was weight givon to' any other reason than tho 'defect of form and intention;' and hi order Mint tho judgmont concerning this form might bo moro certain and oomploto, precaution was taken that a copy of the Anglican Ordinal should bo submitted to examination, and that with it should be collated tho Ordination forms gathored together from tho various Eastern and Western rites. Then Clomont XI. himsolf, with tho unanimous voto of tho Cardinals conoorned, on' the ' Foria V.,'* April 17, 1704, dooreod : 'John Clement Gordon shall . bo ordained from tho beginning aud uncon ditionally to all tho Orders, even Sacred Orders, and ohiofly of priesthood, and in case ho him not beou confirmed ho shall lirst receive tho Saoramout of Confirmation.' It is important to bear in mind that this judg ment wan in uo wise determined by the omission of the tradition of instruments, for in such n enpo, according to the established ? [Tlio torm ' Porln V.'1 hero unod lias a toolinU'al vnluo. OriUuary wootiiiKH of the Supremo CouuoU for tho rati mention of deoroos uminlly liiko plueo on thoWoilnomlayNi inul uro murltod ' l-'oriu IV.' Hut, tho Bpoclnl and solemn Hassionn whioh, in muttoi'H of graver import, nro hold in tlio preaenoo mid tinder tho proHldonoy of tho l'opo liimcolf, who thus In a upoolaj way inakoa tho dooleioiiH hin own, take nlttoo on Thursdays, und arc inarkod ' Forla V,'J — , Trimahitora' Noto. ? custom, the direction would have been to repeat the Ordination conditionally ; and still more important it is to note that tho judgment of the Pontiff applies universally to all Anglican Ordinations, because, although it refers to a particular case, it is not based upon any reason special to that case, but upon tho defect of form, which defect equally affects all those Ordinations ; ho much so, that when similar oasos subspquently came up for decision tho sanio decree of Clement XI. whs quoted as the norma. (j, — Xins Question already Definitely SETTLED. Hence it must be clear to ovoryone that the controversy lately revived had been already definitely settled by tho Apostolic See, and that; it; is to tho insufn'oipiit knowledge of thoso documents that We must peril aps attribute! tho fact than any Catholic writer should have considered it still an open question. But, as We stated at the bogin uhig, there is nothing Wo so deeply and ardently desiro as to be of help to mon of goodwill by showing thorn tho groatest con sideration and charity. Wherefore, We ordered that tho Anglicnn Ordinal, which is the essential point of tho whole matter, should be once more most carefully examined. 7.-— Tins Anglican Ordinal. In the examination of any rito for the effecting and administering of Sacrament, distinction is rightly made between the part which is ceremonial and that which is essen tial, usually callod tho matter and form. All know that tho Sacraments of tho New Law, as sensiblo and efficient signs of invisible grace, ought both to signify tho graco whioh thoy effect, and effect the graco which they signify. Although tho signification ought to be found in tho wholo osseutial rite — that is to say, in tho matter and form — it still pertains chiefly to tho form, sinco tho matter is tho part not determined by itself, but which is determined by tho form. And this appears still more oloarly in tho Sacrament of Ordors, tho matter of which, in ho far as We have to eoncidor it in this caso, is tho imposition of hands, whioh, indeed, by itself signifies noth ing definite, and is equally used for several Orders and for Confirmation. But the words whioh until recently were commonly held by Angl'cnns to constitute tho proper form of priestly Ordination — namely, ' Receive tho Holy Ghost,' certainly do not in tho least definitely exprops the Sacred Order of Priest hood, or its graco and power, which is chiefly tho power ' of consecrating and of ofl'eriug tho true Body and .Blood of the Lord' — (Council of Trent, So.^s. XXIII., do Saor. On?-., Can. 1) — in that sacrifice, which is no 'uudo commemoration of the sacrifice offered on the Cross.' (Ibid. Soss. XXII., do Saonf. MUscc, Can. 8). This form had, indeed, afterwards added to it tho words 'for tho oflico and work of a priest,' etc. ; but this rather shows that the Anglicans themselves' per ceived that tho first form was defective and inadequate. But oven if this addition could give to tho form its due signification, it was introduced too late, as a coutury had already olapsed sinco the adoption of tho Edwardino Ordinal, for, as tho hierarchy had booomo extinct, there romaiued no power of ordaining. In vain has help boen recently sought for tho ploa of the validity of Ordors from tho othor prayers of tho samo Ordinal. For, to put asido othor reasons which show this to be insufficient for tho purpose in tho Anglican rito, let this argument suffice for all ; from them has been deliberately removed whatever sets forth tho dignity and office of tho priesthood in tho Cathol.io rito. That form consequently oaunot bo considered apt or Hiiffioiout for tho Snoraniout whioh omits what it ought essentially to signify. The same holds good of episcopal conse cration. For, to the formula, 'Receive tho Holy Ghost,' not only were the words ' for tho office and work of a bishop,' etc , added at a later period, but oven these, as we shall presently stato, must bo understood in a sense different to that whioh thoy bear in the Catholic rito. Nor is anything gained by quoting the prayer of tho prefaco, ' ' Almighty God,' since it in like manner has beou stripped of the words which denote the sMMMtm sacerdotium. It is not hero relevant to examine whether tho Episcopate bo a oomph tion of the priesthood or an Order distiuot from it, or whether, when bestowod, as they say per saltuin, on one who is not a priest it has or has not its effeot. But the Episcopate undoubtedly, by the institution of Christ, most truly belongs to the Sacra ment of Orders, and constitutes the snoer dotium in the highest degree, namely, that whioh by tho teaching1 of tho Holy Fathers and our liturgical customs is called the ' summum sacerdotium, nacri ministerii minima.' So it comes to pasa that, as tho Sacrament of Orders and the true sacerdotium of Christ were utterly eliminated from tho Anglican rito, and hence the sacerdotium is in no wise conferred truly and validly in tho episcopal consecration of tho same rite, for tho like reason, therefore, tho Episcopate can in no wise bo truly and validly conferred by it ; and this tho moro ho because among the first duties of tho Episcopate ia that of ordaining ministers for tho Holy Eucharist and Sacrifice. 8\. — The Mind and Aim ov those who Composed the Anglican Ordinal. For tho full and accurate understanding of tho Anglican Ordinal, besides what we have noted as to some of its parts, there is nothing mor-5 pertinent than to consider carefully tho circumstances under which it was composed aud publicly authorised. It would be tedious to enter into details, nor is it necessary to do so, as tho history of that time is sufficiently eloquent as to the animus of the authors of the Ordinal against the Catholic Church, as to the abettors whom they associated with themselves from the heterodox sects, and as to the end they had in view. Being fully cognizant of tho necessary connexion botweou faith and worship, between 'the law of believing and the law of praying,' under a pretext of returning to the primitive form, they corrupted tho liturgical order in many ways to suit the errors of the roformors. For this reason in the whole Ordinal not only is there no clear mention of the sacrifice, of consecration, of the sacerdotium, and of the power of consecrating and offering sacrifice, but, as wo have just stated, every trace of these things, ' which had been in such prayers of the Catholic rito as they had not entirely rejected, was deliberately removed aud struck out. In this way tho native character — or spirit, as it is called — of the Ordinal clearly manifests itself. Hence, if vitiated in its orgin, it was wholly insufficient to confer ordors, it was impossible that in the course of timo it could become sufficient since no change had taken place. In vain those who, from tho time of Charles I., have attempted to hold some kind of sacrifice or of priesthood, havo made some additions to tho Ordinal. In vain also has boon the contention of that small section of the Anglican body formed in rocent times, that tho said Ordinal can be understood and interpreted in a souud and orthodox sense. Such efforts, Wo affirm, havo boen and aro made in vain, and for this reason, that any words in the Anglican Ordinal, as it now is, which loud themselves to ambiguity, cannot bo taken in the same sense as they possesB in the Catholic rito. For once' a new rite has been initiated, in which, as wo have seen, tho Sacrament of Ordors is adulterated or denied, and from which all idea of consecra tion and sacrifice has been rejected, the formula 'Receive tho Holy Ghost' no longer holds good ; becaueo tho Spirit ia infused into the soul with the grace of the Sacrament, and the words, 'for the oflico aud work of a priest or bishop' and tho like no longer hold good, but remain as words without the reality which Christ instituted. Several of tho more shrewd Anglioan interpreters of the Ordinal have perceived the foroo of this argument, and they openly urgo it against thoso who take tho Ordinal in a new sense, aud vainly attaoh to tho Orders conferred thereby a value and effi cacy whioh they do not possess. By this samo argument is refuted the contention of . thoso who think that the prayer, 'Almighty God, giver of all good things,' whioh is found at tho beginning of tho ritual aotiou, might suffice as a legitimate form of Orders, ovon in tho hypothesis that it might be held to bo sufficient in a Catholic rite approved by the Church. 9\. — Catholic Doctrine ov Intention. With this inherent defect of form is joined tho defect of intention, whioh is equally essen tial to the Sacrament. The Ohuroh does not judge about the mind and intention in so far as it ia something by its nature internal; but in so far as it is manifested externally she is bound to judge concerning it. When any one has rightly and seriously made use of the duo form and the matter requisite for effeot iug or conferring tho Sacrament he is con sidered by tho very faot to do what the Ohuroh does. On this principle rests the doctrine that a Saorameut is truly conferred by the ministry of one who is a horetio or unbaptiaed, provided the Catholic rite be ( employed. On the other hand, if the rite be changed, with the manifest intention of introducing another rite not approved by the Church and of rejecting what the Church does, and what, by the institution of Christ, belongs to the nature of the Sacrament, then it is clear that not only is the necessary in tention wanting to the Sacrament, but that tho intention is adverse to aud destructive of the Sacrament. 10\. — Decision of this Holy Oiotoe and Pope's Final Decree. All these matters have been long and care fully considered by Ourselves and by Our Venerable Brethren the Judges of the Supreme Council, of whom it has pleased Us to call a special meeting upon tho Feria V., July 16 last, upon the solemnity of Our Lady of Mount Carinol. They with one accord agreed that the question laid before them had been already adjudicated upon with full knowledge of the Apostolic See, and that this renewed discussion and examination of the issues had only served to bring out moro clearly the wisdom and accuracy with which that decision _ had been made. Nevertheless, We deemed it well to postpone a decision in order to afford time both to consider whether it would be fitting or expedient that We should make a fresh authoritative declaration upon tho matter, and to humbly pray for a fuller moasuro of Divine guidance.. Then, con sidering that this matter of practice, although already decided, had been by cortain persons, for whatover reason, recalled into discussion, and that thenco it might follow that a perni cious error would bo fostered in tho minds of many who might suppose that thoy possessed tho Sacrament and effects of Ordors, where these are nowise to bo found, it has soemed good to Us in tho Lord to pronounce Our judgment. Wherefore, strictly adhoriug in this matter to the decrees of the Pontiffs, Our predeces sors, and confirming them most fully, and, as it were, renowiug them by Our authority, of Our own motion and cortain knowledge Wo pronouueo and declare that Ordinations carried out according to tho Anglican rite have boon, and aro, absolutely null and utterly void. It remains for Us to say that oven as Wo have outorod upon tho elucidation of this grave question in the name and in the love of the ' Great Shepherd,' in the Same We appoal to thoso who desire and seek with a sincere heart the possession of a hierarchy and of Ordors. Perhaps until now aiming at tho greater perfection of Christian virtue, and searching moro devoutly the Divine Scriptures, and redoubling the fervour of their prayers, thoy havo, nevertheless, hesi tated in doubt and anxiety to follow tho voice of Christ, whioh so long has interiorly admonished them. Now they see clearly whether He in His goodness invites thorn and wills them to come. In returning to His one only fold, thoy will obtain tho blessings which they seek, and tho consequent holps to salvation of whioh Ho has made tho Church the dispenser and, as it woro, the constant guardian and promoter of His Redemption amongst the nations. Then, indeed, ' they shall draw waters in joy from the fountains of the Saviour.' His wondrous Sacraments, whereby His faithful souls have thoir sins truly remitted, and aro restored to the friendship of God, are nourished and strengthened by tho Hoaveuly Bread, and abound with tho most powerful aids for their eternal salvation. May tho God of Peaoo, the G-od of all consolation, in His infinite tenderness enrich and fill with all these blessings those who truly yearn for them. We wish to direct Our exhortation and Our desires in a special way to those who aro ministers of religion in their respective communities. They are men who from their very offloe take precedence in learning and authority, and who have at heart the glory of God aud the salvation of souls. Let thorn be tho first in joyfully submitting to tho Divine call, and oboy it and furnish a glorious example to others. Assuredly, with an exceeding _ groat joy, thoir Mother, tho Ohuroh, will welcome them, and will oherish with all her love and oaro those whom tho strength of their generous souls has, amidst many trials aud difficulties, led back to her bosom. Nor could words express the reoog nitiou whioh this devoted courage will win for thorn from tho assemblies of tho brethren throughout the Oatholio world, or what hope or confidence it will merit for them before Christ as their Judge, or what reward it will obtain from Him in the Heavenly Kingdom ! And Wo Ourselves, in every lawful way, shall oontinuo to promote their reoonoiliation with tho Ohuroh, in whioh individuals and massea, as We ardently desiro, may find so much for their imitation. In the meantime, by the tender mercy of the Lord Our God, We ask and beseech all to strive faithfully to follow in the open path of Divine grace and truth. 'We decree that these Letters, and all things contained therein, shall not be liable at any time to be impugned or objected to by reason of fault or any other defect whatso ever of subreption or obreption or of Our intention, but are and shall be always valid and in force, and shall be inviolably observed both juridically and otherwise by all, of whatsoever degree and pre-eminence ; de claring null and void anything which in these matters may happen to bo contrariwise attempted, whether wittingly or unwittingly, by any person whatsoever by whatsoever authority or pretext, all things to the con trary notwithstanding. We will that there shall be given to copies of these Letters, even printed, provided that they be signed by a notary and sealed by a person constituted in ecclesiastical dignity, the same credence that would be given to the expression of Our will by the showing of these presents. Given at Rome, at St. Peter's, in the year of the Incarnation of Our Lord, one thousand eight hundred arid ninety six, on the Ides of September, in the nineteenth year of Our Pontificate. ©0. Card. DE RUGGIERO. © A. Cakd. BIANCH1, Pro-Datarius. VISA. Official of despatch de Cukia : J. dell' Aquila Visconti. In place of -J- the Seal. Registered in the Secretariate of Briefs, I. Ougnoni. 