Punishment of a Speaker. Treating of the reign of James II., and the opening of Parliament in 16S5, Macaulay says:-"The first business of the Commons was to elect a Speaker. Who should be the man was a question which had been nmuch debated in the Cabinet. Guilford had recommended Sir Thomas Wleres, who, like himself, ranked among the Trimmers. Jeffreys, who missed no oppor tunity of crossing the Lord Keeper, had pressed the claims of Sir John Trevor. Trevor had been bred half a pettifogger and half a gambler, had brought to political life sentiments and principles worthy of both his callings, had become a parasite of the Chief Justice, and could, on occasion, imitate, not unsuccessfully, the vituperative style of his patron. The nlinion of Jeffrcys was, as might have been expected, preferred by James, was proposed by Middlcton,. and was chosen without oppo sition." So luch as dcscrilptive of lihe nlan. Ten years later he was still Speaker; this was what occurrcd in 1!)T5: Tile peculation and venality by which tie oflicial m1en of that. age were in the habit of enrilchilng themselves had excited in tle pulllic lintnd a feeling such as could not but vent itself, sooner r later, iii some formnidable explosion. 13ut. tile gains were immlediate: tile day of retribution was un certain; and the plunderers of the public were as greedy and as aludacious as cver, when tile venllge:lle, long threatlenetd and long delayed,suddenly overtook the iproudest and mncst powerful among thenm. But the wholle administration was ill such a slate that it was halrdly possible to track o0ne offender without discovering ten others. .. . . . A rlumour rose and s pread that the funds of tile two wealthiest Cori'polations In thie Kingdonm, the city of London and the East India Company, had been largely employed for the ipurpose of corrupting roat menlll; and(l tle namles of Troevr, Seymour, and Loeeds wero men tioned. . . . It challnced that while a bill of little interest was under dliscussioln ill the Commons, the Inposl.iian allrrived with linumerous letters directled to memblers, anild lthe distribiution took place ait lie bar with a Iuzzi ol' clionversation which drowlled tile vlices ofl' lie orators. Seymour, wliose imperious triip"'r always ]promtetl lilin to dictate, and to chide lectured lhe talkers on tile scandalolus irregularity of their con duc, ald called on tlie Slpeaker to re primand tille:u. An langry discutssiont fol lowed; anld ione of lihe ofl'leulders was pro \'voked into makinig an allusion to the stories whiclih were cllurrlent about bloth Seylmoullr alili thelc Speak(er. "It is undoubtedly implroler to 1alk while a bill is undler discussion; )111i. is. is llUcil ' worse to take lmoiley for gelting a hill lassedl. If we are cxtrolelt lo mlarkl a slight brechli of form, how severely oughtt. we to deal wilth thlat. cor rpllllinll whiich is eatinlg away the very ihub talcC of our institutions!" T'lhat was enolugh; the spuirk l1had fallen; the traill was ready; the explosioIIn was ininteldiate and terrible. After at tumultulous debate, ill which the cry ofT "The 'Tower" was fre qullently heard, \Vharton lmanaged to carry his point. Before. the House rose a com iiittoee was appolited to exaitline the hooks of the city of London and of tile East India Company. )oley was placed in the chair of thle committee. Within a week le reported that the Speaker, Sir John Trevor, ]lad, ill the lreceding .ession, re coivced frol tile city a thousand guinceas for expediting a local bill. This discovery gave great satisfaction to the Whigs, who had always hated Trevor, and was not iUn pleasing to inaniiy of thle Tories. During six busy sessions hills sordid rapacity had made him an object of general aversion. Theo legitimate emoluments of his post amounted to about four thousand a year, but it was believed that he had pocketed at least ten thousand, a year. His pro fligacy and insolence united had been too much even for the angelic temper of Tilllot son. It was said that the gentle arch bishop Ihad been heard to mutter something about a klnave as the Speaker passed by him. Yet, great as were the. offences of this bad man, his punishment was fully proportioned to them. As soon as the re port of the commlittee had been read, it was moved that he had been guilty of a high crime and misdemneanour. He had to stand up and to put the question. There was a loud cry of "Aye." Ile called on the noes, and scar'cely a voice wasrheard. IHe was forced to declare that the ayes had it. A man of spirit would have given up the ghost with rellorse ind shame; and the unutterable ignominny of that moment left its mark ovell on t11e callous heart alnd Ibrazen forehead of Trevor. Had he returned to the HIouse on the following day, he would have had to Iput the question on a motion for Ills own expulsion. He there fore pleaded illness, and shut himself up in his bedroom. Wharton 0 !:oon brought down a Royal message, authorlsing the Commons to elect another Speaker. . . . The indiscretion of Trevor had been equ1al to his business, and his guilt had been apparent on the first inspection of the ac counts of the city. The accounts of the East India Conlpany were more obscure. The committee reported that they had rat in Leadenhall-street, had examined docu ments, had interrogated directors aind clerks, but had ibecn unable to arrive at the bottom of the myutery of iniquity. Some mcst suspicious entries had been dis covered under the head of special service. The expendilure on this account had, in the year .1Gt3, exceeded eight thousand pounds. It was proved that, as to the out lay of this money the directors had placed implicit confidence in the Governor, Sir Thomas Cook. 'ie had merely told them in general terms that he had been at a charge of twenty-three thousand, of twenty-live thousand, of thirty thousand pounds, in thle matter of the charter; and his colleagues hald, without calling on him for any detailed explanation, thanked him for his care, and ordered warrants for these great sums to be instantly made out. It appeared that a few mutinous directors had murmured at this immense outlay, and had called for a detailed statement: but the only answer which they had been able to extract from Cook was that there were some great persons whom it was necessary to gratify! The committee also reported that they had lighted on an agreement by which the company had covenanted to fur nish a. person named Colston with two hundred tons of saltpetre. At the first glance this transaction seemed merchan; like and fail'; but it was soon discovered that Colston was merely an agent for Sey mour. Suspicion was excited. The com plicated terms of the bargain were severely examined, anld \were found to be framed in such a manner that In every possible event Seymour must be a gainer, and the com pany a loser to the extent of ten or twelve thousand pounds. The opinion of all who understood the matter was that the con tract was merely a disguise to cover a bribe. But the disguise was so skilfully managed- that the country gentlemen were perplexed, and that even the lawyer doubted whether there were such evldeince of corruption as would be held suffcient by a court of justice. Seymour escaped without a vote of censure, and still con tinued to take a leading part in the debates of the Commons! 