I FATAL UNION. ? i PART III. CHAPTER VI. A T T II K V A R I E T K S. It is closo upon luncheon hour when Miss Forrester returns to tho Faubourg St. Honoro. As sho enters tho drawing-room, still in her street dress, she sees her lovor, sitting in an arm-chair by the open window, smoking a cigar, and immersed in the art criticisms of the Revue des Deux Mamies, Ho throws down tho poper aud looks at her with lazily loving eyes. Happiness and prosperity certainly agreo with him. — as Gordon Caryll, tho aeceptod suitor of Miss Forrester, ho looks ton years younger than did Mr. Locksloy, tho impecunious portrait jjaintor. Handsomer, nobler, Franco thinks, than Mr. Locksloy, it is impossible for mortal man to grow. 'Well,' ho says, 'you have returned. My thoughts were just turning seriously to tho idea of having out tho dotoctive polico, and olforing a reward for your recovery. Is it admissible to ask, my child, whero you havo boon P' Sho comes behind him, lays hor littlo gloved hands on his shouldors, and looks down into tho gravely smiling faeo rosting against tho ehairback. They aro not demon strative lovers, thoso two, but now, rather to Mr. Caryll's surprise, Miss Forrestor impul sively stoons and leaves a kiss on his fore head. ' And to think,' sho says, drawing a tense sort of breath, ' that I might liavo married him !' Mr. Caryll opons his handsomo gray oyos. Both tho kiss and irrelevant exclamation tako him rathor aback. ' You might havo married him ! You might liavo married whom P You havo not boon proposing to any ono this morning, have you P What aro you talking about, Franco P' ' About Eric,' sho answors, nbsontly. ' And with tho most woo bogono of fucos. Melancholy has evidently marked you for her own this morning. You aro regretting you throw Eric ovor for mo — is that it, my dear P' ' Nonsonso I' is Franco's onorgotic an swer. ' I hnto to liavo you say such things, oven in jest, Gordon. Thank Hoavon, no ! I liked Eric, certainly — ono could hardly fail to do that ; but, I. always had a most thorough paced contompt for him all tho same. And if I had married him — but. no. I novor could, if there had boon no Crystal Hi'ggins, no Mr. Locksloy, in tho soliomo of tho uni vorse. Gordon, I liavo boon to soo thom this morning.' ' So I inferred, my doar, from your vory onorgotic languago, Aud you found them, woll. T. hopo p' ' Eric is woll,' Franoo says, resentfully ; 'ho will bo, to tho ond of tho chapter, But Crystal ? ' 'YcsP' Mr. Caryll says, interrogatively. ' Crystal is woll also, no doubt?' ' Woll I' Franoo orios, and thon stops. ' Ah ! you should soo hor — wait until you do. I novor saw nnyono so chnugod in my lifo.' ?? if or mo nottor r 'For tho worso. Sho is tho shadow of horsolf — poor littlo soul! Hor sad, lioart brokon faco and voico haunts mo liko a ghost. .Erie is a bruto I' ' Indood ; husbands invariably aro, aro thoy not? What has Erio dono?' ' I don't know what ho has dono,' Miss Forrostor answors, indignantly, ' I only know ho is broaking his wifo's' heart. Why don't you say ' husbands invariably do ?' I daro say it is true enough,' Mr. Caryll takos ono of tlio oToVod hands and gi.vos it an affeotionato littlo squoozo, ' My dear child, don't oxoilo yoursolf, I intend to prove an oxooption, Seriously, though, I am vory sorry for littlo Lady Dynoly . I am afraid tho rumours I liavo boon hearing must bo true,' ' Rumours P What rumours ? I novor hoard you alludo to thom,' 'No s ono doos not caro to talk about that sort of thing, find I know it would annoy you and mako his mothor unhappy, But as you soom to bo finding out for yoursolf, well tlioy da say ho neglects tho littlo ono and .runs about with ? ' ' With Felicia, tlio aotross i Gordon, I am sure of it I With Felicia, tho dancor !' ' With Folioia, tho dancer. But tako it calmly, my lovo, How do you know it P ' I know it from Crystal horsolf, That is what sho* meant whon I nskod hor to oomo with us to tlio Variotos to soo Folioia,' ' Ah, what did sho moan P' ' Sho said sho liatod tho Variotos, shohatod Mndamo Pel hia j that she was a wiokod, pa.inl.od woman. And you should havo soon thoso dovo-oyes of hers (lash, My poor, littlo doar UM.lt) Crystal I' Tho dark, impetuous oyos fill AVith tears and (Iro with indignation, ''Only six woolen married I' sho says, pas sionately, ' Gordon, I hato Erio ! ' Now, Franoo,' ho Nnys, gravely, ' don't mako yoursolf unhappy about this, Lady Dynoly must havo known h1 in ran no ordinary risk iu marrying Dynoly — tho most notorious malo flirt in Europe, If sho had one grain of sense In that protty (Inxou head of hers, sho must havo known that matrimony would work no mh'fioloH, A flirt ho is by naturo — thoro is not a grain of constancy 111 his wholo com position 1 m\d as sho hits Inlcon him, so sho must abido by hor bargain,' 'Ho is a bruto I' 'So you snid before,' answors Mr, Caryll, a half-smllo broaking 11 p the gravity of his fiion. ' Still, allowance must bo mado for him, Ho lias boon spoiled all his life— -ho has novor boon tliwartod — to wish has boon to havo, nnd ladies lmye potted aud mado muoh of him for his azure eyes, and golden curls, and his Greek profile all his life long. Time may euro him. Meanwhile, neither you nor I, Miss Forrester, can help Crystal. And thoy say this Felicia plays the dence with her victims.' ' Have you ever seen her, Gordon ?' ' Never, I was too busy last year when sho was at tho Bijou, and besides, I had an aversion to theatres and theatre-going, I shall see her to-night, however.' ' She bought your picture, 'How the Night Foil,' didn't sho P' ' Yes. Di Venturini purchased it for her. By the by, I promised at the time a com panion picture. Thoy say she's to marry di Venturini immediately upon his return from ' Marry him ! That woman !' ' My dear France,' Caryll says, laughing, ' ' with what stinging scorn you bring out that woman ! There is nothing said against ' that woman,' excent that sho is a most outrnceous coquetto.' ' But sho is a daucer, and I10 is a prince.' ' That goes for nothing. Tho best blood of the realm takes its wife from tho stage in those days. I. shouldn't fancy it myself, but you know the adage, ' A burnt child dreads the fire.' ' ' Poor little Crystal !' sighs Franco. ' Poor little Crystal, indeed. Rumour says I10 is altogether infatuated. Let us hopo rumour, for once, is wrong. Arc thoy coming to dinner ?' ' No. Eric pleads a prior engngomont, and she docs not seem to liavo heart enough loft to go anywhere. Here is Lady Dynoly. By the by, I forgot to tell you that Terry is in Paris,' 'Terry? Terry Dennison?' cries Lady Dynoly, eagerly, ' Is he, really ? Where, Franco ?' ' At the Hotel du Louvre. I stole a march upon you this morning, aud mado an early call upon the happy pair.' Hor ladyship's eyes light eagerly. ' And yoirsaw thom P You saw Erio P' ' I saw Eric, mamma,' ' How is I10 looking ? Will tlioy diuo with us P' ' Eric is looking well — never bettor. And they dine at the embassy this evening. No doubt, though, Eric will call.' ' Hero ho is now,' Caryll interrupts, look ing from tho window, and Franco disappears liko a ilasli. Sho fcols in no mood at prosont to moot and oxohango pleasant commonplaces with tho Right Honorable tho Lord Viscount Dynoly. She goes to hor room, throws oJf hor bonnet and seal, jaclcot, and pays a visit to Grandmamma Caryll, in 'hor own apartments. Paralysis has deprivod her of tlio uso of hor limbs. Sho sits in her groat invalid chair tho long aays through. But iu hor handsomo old face a look of groat, serene contont reigns, Tho rostless, longing, impationt light that for years looked out of her oyes has gono — sho has found what sho waited and watched for. Hor son is with hor — France is to bo his wife — sho asks no moro of earth. Tho lunchoon bell rings, Mrs, Caryll's luncheon is brought in, and Torry is 111 his plnco — Torry, who is oliangod, too, and who looks gravo and prooccupicd, ' You woro at tho Louvro this morning, Franco,' ho says to hor, as thoy sit sido by sido. ' You saw her ?' ' Yes, Terry,' and Franco's compnssionato oyos look at him vory gently, ' I saw hor.' ' And you hayg hoard ? ?' 'Everything, Poor littlo Crystal ! Torry, Eric must tako hor to England, and at onoo.' 'Ah, if he only would,' Terry says, with a sort of groan. ' But ho will not. That is past hoping for, Ho is killing hor — ns suroly as ovor man killed woman, And whon ho doos,'— Torry sots his tooth liko a bull-dog — 'my timo o£ reckoning will como.' 'You must accompany us this aftornoon, Torry,' Lady Dynoly says, aftor tho old, impotuous fashion, ' 'Franco is quito as much as Gordon is capable of _ talc in a1 oaro of. I want you.' Torry falls into -tho old groovo at onoo. In his secret heart, I10 is louging to bo at tho liotol with Crystal, to oheur hor in hor lonoli noss ; but that may not bo, may novor bo again, So ho sighs and goos. 'i'lioy spend tlio long, sunny, spring-like aftornoon amid tho lions of Paris, and roturn to dino, and dross for tho theatre. 'Tho wholo duty of family osoort will fall upon your viotimiBod shouldors, Dennison,' says Mr, Caryll, looking up from a letter that tho post lias brought him. 'Thisisanoto from Gouoral MoLaron — I sorvod under him at tho beginning of tho American oivil war, Ho is at tho Hotol Mirabaau; and as holoavos Paris to-morrow, bogs mo to call upon him to-night, You won't mind, I snpposos and I will look in upon you about tho sooond not,' ' I always tola Terry ho was born to bo a social martyr,' Franoo says, 'Tho fotoh-and- ' carry, go-aud-coiuo, do-this-and-that rolo, has booti yours from your birth, my poor boy,' So it ehanoos that whon tho curtain goos up, and tho ' Goldon Witch' bogins, Gordon Caryll doos not mako ono of tlio party of throo who look down from tho front of tlioir box, amid all tho glittoring ' horso-shoo' of gas-light and human fnoes, Tlio protty, bright thdatro is full ; thoro is an odour of pas tillos, a lluttor of fans, a sparklo of jowollory. Folic! a is in groat form to-night — sho has hoard from Lord Dynoly himsolf of tho family party coming to viow hor with ooldiy oritionl, British oyos, Thoy havo laughod togothor oyor it iu hor littlo dusk- shaded, porfumod, luxurious drawing-room, whoro his lordship has mado a muoh lougor morning call than ho mado immodiatoly boforo in tho Faubourg St, Honoro, Sho glauooa up now, swiftly and eagerly, as sho oomos forward to tlio footlights, a goldon goblot in hor hand, hor long hair flouting loosely ovor hor shouldors, singing somo wild, Baoohannlian, M'horosa-lllco ditty, Sho is gloriously bountiful In hor sannt drapery, and hor' rich voico fills tho thoatro superbly, Tint as sho tossos oil' hor goblot, at the oncl of hor drinking song, sho seos that tho man she looks Cor Is not In tho box, Will he know hor? Ho has novor seen hor slnoo tlmt long, fitr-ol'l! night whon thoy parted in tho ilarkoning day by tho shore of tho lonely Ciuiiullan rivor, Ho thinks hoi' cloud. Will ho luio\y hor P A, wild, lloroo delight fills hor soul, llnmos up in hor oyos, and burns in hor ohouks, Will ho know hor P Sho will sing to- night (if ho oomos) tho song sho sang for him, tiint first evening in tho oottngo of Major Lovoll, It as' 1 1 1 run vory woll with this play — that is muoh moro song and danoo than dramn. IT! I10 doubts Tier identity, Huroly, surely, ho will muombor that, She is wild with excitement., she surpasses 1 herself. The audience applaud to the echo — she flings herself into her part with a reckless abandon that sweeps her listeners along with her. And still she watches that box, and still he doos not come. Will lie not come at all ? Amid a storm of excited applause, amid a shower of bouquets, tho curtain falls upon the 'first act. ' How well she plays !'. ' How magnifi cently she is looking !' ' Nevor saw her dance half a quarter so well 111 my life be fore T' ' By Jove ! you know, what a voico Felicia has !' These and a hundred such ex clamations run the round of the theatre. ' She is beautiful !' Franco exclaims, with a beaute du diable I uevcr saw equalled.' And sho dances and sings like a very Bacchante. ' Wish to heaven they would burn her as a witch,' growls Terry, undor his ruddy beard. ' Such a woman should no more bo let run loose than a leopardess.' ' She sings very well,' Lady Dynely says, langnidly ; ' but thero is something ficrco and outre about her, is thero not P I don't like this sort of exhibition. A ballet is bad enough — this kind of thing is positively indelicate. What is she looking at our box for ? I can edit her moro than mien.' ' She is looking for what sho docs not see. Thero is Eric yonder in the stnlls,' says Miss Forrester, in a tone of stony resentment. ' Is he, really p' Eric's mother puts up her glass and leans forward. ' So he is, and quito alone. Whero is Crystal, I wonder?' ' Crystal is at home, and quite alone also, you may be vory sure,' answers France, still in that tone of strong, suppressed indigna tion. ' I wonder if he sees us ? Oh, yes he docs. Thoro! he is rising, No doubt he will call upon us directly. France, why don't you look? Ho 's bowing to you.' But Franco's bright, angry oyes aro fixed steadfastly upon tho rising curtain— sho will not seo Jjord Dyne I y. Aud Lord Dynely looks away from her, fooling he has boon j snubbed, and knowing very well the reason why. _ , He has como to tho theatre to-night, partly bocauso I10 cannot stay away, partly out of sheer bravado. What ! shall I10 stay away because I10 is afraid of Torry Donnison and Franco For rostor ? Is I10 still a child in loading-strings, to bo dictated to ? Not if ho knows it. So I10 loaves early tho ambassador's salon, and goes to tho Varices, and sits out all tho second act. diroctlv undor tho lorcmofctns nf tbo Gordon Caryll party. ? Again madanio surpasses horsolf — again bouqtiots aro showered upon licr. Lord Dynoly adds his mito to tho rest, a bouquet of scarlot and white camcllias, Again and again, tho black, fiorce, restless oyes, flash tlioir foverish light to that ono box. And still tho man for whom sho looks doos not come. Ho como, 'i as the curtain falls for thosocond time, and Franco's oyos smilo and wolcomo him. ' Am I very Into P' I10 asks. ' MoLaron and I had a thousand things to say, and timo flow. I say, France, how do you liko it P' ' Not at all ; Sho fascinates ono, but it is ,1 horrid and unhealthy sort of fascination, J-lor maci singing and clancmg throw mo into a fovor.' 'Is thoro much moro of it?' I10 says, standing behind hor clmir. ' It is all ovor P' 'Thoro is ono moro act. Sho is to bo burned alivo, Torry tolls mo, and I want to wait and soo hor. I shall try to fancy tho burning real, nnd onjoy it accordingly.'' ' By Jovo !' ho says and laughs, ' what a blood-thirsty spirit wo are dovoloping ! Ah, Dynoly, you horo P' For tho door opens, and Eric, languid aud handsomo, sauntors in. ' How' do, Caryll P Late, ar'nt you ? Woll, Franco — woll, ma more, how do you liko it? Suporb actross, isn't sho P 1 Ho looks at Franco, With a cortain do- ' fiance, sho soos and accopts. 'IC dancing mad jigs, singing, drinking songs, and capering about liko a bodlamito, go to constituto a fino actross, thon, yos, A littlo of Madam.o Folicia goos a long way.' His oyos flash, but I10 laughs. ' Thoro is 110 accounting for tastos. Sho soonis to plonso hor audionoo, at loast,' ' Whoro is Crystal P' Franoo abruptly asks, ' I thought you woro to dino at tho embassy ?' 'Crystal is at homo. And you thought quito right ; wo were to dino at tho ombassy.' Tho defiant ring is moro marked than ovor, ' I havo dinod thoro, and on my way homo droppcid in horo, knowing I would havo tho ploasuro of boing 111 tlio bosom of my family.' {To ho continued,) 