TOLD BY A ' assistant. . ' My man, do you w^tab«-tn -; ^^one 'Ave, aye, capi-en,'' said 1. ^ * wjwiu,' , badly.' I'mhalf-starved andhatf-frozen. .. He made no answer, but just asign ; him, aud he stalked away MJ- i_e him. He kept close along the sbore aB we walked, and for a s while he said I no hi S- ? last, however, he turned and pointed seawara. . ' You see that said he. - He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rocK. -? I'm the keeper, 'iaid. he. ^ 1 cook my meals and keep ™ybac^fLw Z me. Now and then I sha11 h»rd Ind buy provisions.- - The worik won . ' a thinkthe pay will suit you. Do you know why 1 chose you?' you,' be.sgid. 'It's only a man who had come to that who could live with me in a ''ghtho^e. 'I was on a desert island once, 'After that I ' shan t be afraid of a Lghthonse I'd been in a lighthouse before ; it w^nooew thing to me but after I'd been there a fewboure I wondered what my master lured, me ? . was like being pensioned off ; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it came ntgbt, and t he wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard was «ie swash, swasli, swash of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called, me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't say he did. He sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak, and shutting.it agaiu. Then said he : 44 What's your name?' 'Ben Dare,'' said I. ' Would you mind calling yourself Brace ? he asked. ,T ' I've no reason to be ashamed of my name, said I. ? 'Look here,' said he, 'I am a gentleman born nnd bred. 1 never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what 1 mean.* *lf »-ny strangers* come out here to aak for William Br-tcf, why, you can say you are the man. You claim to be lighthouse- keeper. Its easy. I don't suppose much company will call, but'? choose not to sen them, if they do. That s what I hired you for.' 'Oh,' said I. _ ' ' Yousee,'sBid he, 'I got this place through a lieh man who bad influence. Those who it to me never saw me If I die some day, why, here you are iu the place. If I go off, and 1 may, here you are still until then. I'll p'y you well, and \ ou know your duties.' ?? Well, 'it's shamming,'' said I. ' but, after all, what does one care what mv name is, aud what shall I call you ?' ' Call me nothing,' said he. ' fall me Cap tain, as you did when I met you, but never speak of me to any one.' Gentleman of no, he wasn't lazy. He didn't care how he worked. The lamps were as bright as jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt- in the whole tower But let any boat come nigh us, away he went and hid himself, and came out with a white, scared face and a shaking hand. At night he waSj afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together At last be took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voice : ' Brace, do you believe in ghosts ' I havn't .considered the question,' I answered. ' Wei!,' said he, saftlier than before, 'look into that corner,' and ha pointed. I looked* ' Don't you see anything ?' he asked, i 'No,' said I ; 'no, Cappen.' 'Ah,' he muttered, 'very well, very well. I'm glad you don't.' But that wasn't nothing to what happened j the very next night. We slept in two bunks 1 sigh each other, and naturally when he woke _up with a yell I woke, too. He was shrieking and shaking and wringing his hands. ? The woman ! the woiuaa ! ' he said. ' She stood her just now, all red with blood. It drip- j ped down the white ruffles. It dripped on her I hands. Stop her ! stop her ! She has gone to call tbem. Stop her ! stop her !*' j ?' Where did she go ?' I asked. He stared at me with his wide open eyes, all ! the white showing, below aisd above. ! ?' She couldn't have been here,' said he. ' It j wasadreitm.' ' Lord love you — a nightmare,' said I. ? So we went asleep again. But I beard of the i woman so often after that that 1 grew used io her. The Cappen, as I called him, got to be worse and worse every day. I wanted to go ashore and fetch the doctor, but he would not ' hear of it . He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. : It was burning hot all day, a&d; a dtad calm at night. About dark the Cappen weht to el«ep, - and I went and sat where £ could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear that I could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their foreign lingo. And I was sort of quiet and dreamy like, when something happened that waked me mighty wide and sudden. Something was standing on : the steps below me, something came toward me. It -was a little sleuder figure, with long hair all about its shoulders.. I couldn't see its face. I don't think I really saw it plainly at all. But it went pBst me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffled gown, andthut she had gone to the room where my master lay. I shook too bard for a moment to' move ; bat as soon as I could I -started up to go to him. '3nst thto a voice cried ; ' Lighthouse, ahoy !' I answered, 'Aye, 8ye,'' and stopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a,. sailor. A boat lay at the foot of the steps, and four men jumped out of it. ?' We want William Brace, - keeper of this lighthouse,' said one, a big man in a linen over coat. ' I'm one that answers to' the name,' says I. He swung a lantern over iny head . ' Search the place, my men,' said he. There wa* no use saying anything, but I did try to stop them. ' I've got a sick friend aloft,' says I. ' Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, he's so low.' 'What woman ?' said he. ' The one that came aboard with vou, si;,', said I. ' ' 'No woman came with us,' he snarled. 'Stand aside. Men, do your duty.' They went upstairs. I followed. 1 saw them walk into the Cappen's room. I heard them cry out and stand still. When I got to the door they stood io a row looking down on ' the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman couldn t frighten the Cappen more. He was dead. ' ] 'What had be done ?' I asked the oflioer. ' Killed his wife,' said he, ' that's all. No j doubt sbe deserved it ; but it's not allowed bv I law when they do.' ' God help him,' said I. I 