CHAPTER V III. A HAUNTED HOTTSB. Mkbin vu taken ao thoroughly by sur prise, on seeing the wild self-abandonment of her unhappy companion, that for a few minntee she stood staring at the orouohing figure on the floor,' like one only half awake. \ Was this really Mrs Dale, this haggard, panting creatine with the hoarse voice, the twitching hands, the wide eyes fall of un speakable terror f Mabin’s sympathy was ready, bat at first she did not dare to offer it. Snoh terrible anguish, such paralysing fear as that from which the miserable woman was suffering, was something surely beyond her poor powers of-comfort! And even as the girl advanced timidly a step nearer to her grief-stricken friend, there flashed into her mind the horrible question —What must this secret be, looked in the widow's breast, whioh could throw her into such paroxysms of abject terror f For, not .unnaturally,' Mabin came to the conclusion that idle vision whioh had alarmed Mrs Dale was one of the results of the remorse from whioh Bhe owned that she was suffer ing. “ Don’t 1 Don't sob like that I Ton will make yourself ill; yon will Indeed. There is nothing, there is nobody here to frighten you," sail the girl at last, drawing a little closer to the orouohing figure, but not yet daring to touoh her, or to speak ii- a tone louder than a whisper. " At the-firat sound of her voice, Mrs Dale had started, and raised her head quiokly, turning to. the girl’s view a face so much altered, so drawn, so old- looking, that she hardly recognised the features of the lovely widow. Then, when the voice ceased, she glanced round the room again, with the same hunted, anxious look as before. " Nothing—nobody to frighten me 1” she repeated in a shaking voice. "No, of course not, of course not. How silly I have been. I am afraid I frightened you, dear, with my dreams, my silly fancies 1” She struggled, as if worn out and ex hausted by her emotion, to gain her feet. Timidly, gently, Mabin helped her to rise. ** I'm very glad I was here,” answered Mabin, in kindly tones that sent a shiver of grateful recognition through her agi tated companion. "Do you feel better now f” " Yes, ob, yes, I am all rights I am not ill. I sm so muoh ashamed of myself f >r disturbing you. I don’t know how to apolo* gise,” answered Mrs Dale, trying bravely to speak in her usual tone, but guanoing at the door, and then back to '±e window, as she uttered the words. " It mart have been a dream, of oonrse, that frightened me.” And then, quite suddenly, she broke down again, and slipping from the support ing arm of her young companion, she threw herself into the' wicker arm-chair, and burst into a passion of tears. Uncertain what to do, Mabin, in her sympathy and kindness, did exactly the right thing. She drew another chair beside the wicker one, sat ;down in it, and putting her right am round Mrs Dale's shoulder, and hold ing the poor-lady’s trembling fingerain her own, remained In perfect"silenoe until *the first ebullition of violent grief had passed away. *: : "T shall never forget your kindness, child, never,” said Mrs Pale, when, as suddenly as it had begun, her passion of Mars ended. " Yon have saved me from going mad, yes, mad. I—I most leave you now, or yon won’t get any rat” She rose as she spoke, but Mabin saw that the-panio of terror which had been upon her at her entranoe was regaining its hold upo«» her as she apprbaohed the door. With her fingers on the handle she stopped, : and seemed once more to grow rigid with fear.. Mabin was by her ride in an instant. “ Stay here, she said. " Yon will have the dream again, perhaps, if yOn go awayby yourself.’’ At these words a shiver ran through^n Dale, and she faltered. w: " It must have been that gloomy, room ! ’’ she said at last, in a whisper. "And the cffcot of her visit! Bat it will kill me if it oomes again! ” Suddenly sbe turned to Mabin. " May I lie on the sofa until the morning ? ” she asked, piteonsly. " I won’t disturb yon. I fed as if I should be safe from—it—In here with yon! ” The wistful pleading in her eyes brought the tears to Mabin’s. "Of oonrse yon must stay,” she cried, heartily. " And I do hope yon will get to sleep, did not,have any more dreams.” Very qnietly Mrs Dale lay down en the couoh between the windows, and, drawing the sofa blanket over her, and refusing any ether covering, she olosed her eyee. Msbin knew that this apparent tranquility was assumed only, and ine plaoed herself on the bed in snoh a position that she oonld watch her friend, while appearing to bo ;herseli asleep.. Thus she waited and watched In rilenoe. Before many minutes had passed she saw, from between half-dosed eyelashes, that Mrs Dale was sitting up, and.bending her head In a listening attitude. And presently the ■lender figure, with its white draring-gown, ■lipped softly off the sofa and hurried on tip toe aofoss the floor to the door. There it knelt down and listened again. And aftai a few minutes Mrs Dale tamed the key in the leek, and crept back, not to the oonoh, but to the armohalr. ..... Msbin shut her eyes, and tried to disen tangle the knot of strange ideas that filled hotbrain, Wkat was the nature ofthe secret which weighed on tbs oensdende of Mrs Dais ' Why was she kept in luxury by the verj womaa whe tried to make her Qfs nobeer able, to out her off from every human friend? [ What was the strange tie between the hard, elderly woman end the impulsive, volatile young one ? What was the vltlon which had earned her ao mnoh dlatreea? - And, above all, why, if it wai only a vision, did she try to keep it away by looking the door? • And why—and why—T Mere questions ■urged op in her tired brain; but Mabln forgot them ae they rose. She fell aaleep. . When she awoke in the murning it was to find that someone waa knooking at the door, and then ahe heard -the hohaemaid’a voioe annonnolng that it waa eight o’olook. She ■prang up, and looked towardathe aofa; bat there waa no one bnt heraelf in the room. Sorely, ahe thought, the atrange visit of the night muat have been'a dream. The rug on the aofa waa neatly folded, just aa it had been when ahe oame up to bed last night. Not a aign waa to be seen of any in tensionduring the night. Even when ahe went downatalra and met Mrs Dale in the hall, there waa little to toll of the experience of the houra of dark ness. Perhaps the pretty widow look' d a little paler than uaual, but In every..^>er reapro^ ahe waa the ' aame airy., I ive creature, new amiling, now lep;’ /ad, aa ahe had been before the dread';. . -■»« otthe lady whom Irreverent Mabln'called “the oat.” It waa not, indeed, until breakf&at; waa over, and they had gone out into the.garden to outcome flowers while the dew waa on them, that either of the ladiea made any referenoe to the eventa of the night. • Mra Dale, with one dalntly-ahod foot in a flower-bed, waa stretching out her hands to wards a bush of aweet peas, when, without taraini? hw hud* ihe slid—* “I am in great trouble about you, Mabln." “Are you? Why, Mra Dale V “ I don’t quite know what to do with you. If I land you' to Mra Bonnlngtoni I shall have to toll some ahooUng tarradiddle about the drains having to oome up, or thereof having given way, and ahe will be .sure to find me out and to pry, and to give both of ua what the old women oall ‘ muoh nn pleaaautneaa.’ And if L send you on,to Geneva, I don't know whether they willlM glad to see you when you arrive." “And I'm sure they won’t,’’ said Mabln, heartily. “And there la one. other objec tion to sending me anywhere, and that la that I won’t go.” Mra Dale dropped her sweet peas, and turned round. Her eyea were full of sudden tears. “ Nonsense, child,’’ ahe aaid, sharply, but in a queruloua tone whioh betrayed her emotion, “ nonsense. It waa decided yeater day afternoon that you were to go. Ton know it was." “ You decided that I waa to go, I didn’t. And——’ Instinctively, she dropped her voice. " And something that happened last night—in the night, made me decide not to go. There!' “But, my dear-” 11 No, Mrs Dale, I’m not going to be' got round.' You’ve ohosen to take ine upon your shoulders, ao now yon must just keep me. Hat hat You didn’t know I had so much determination, did you ?’’ But Mrs Dale could aoarely apeak. Now for the firat time that morning Mabln realised that the scene of the’night had really taken place, for the emotions aroused by thia little bit of talk had brought baok into Mrs Dale’s blue eyea a faint reproddo Hon Sf the wild terror ahe had shown when ahe came to. the' girl'a room. - When she had - recovered her voioe, the lady in black, pale, hoarse, shaken with her agitation, stammered out these words— “My dear girl, it is beautiful of you to offer to stay. But I cannot let yon. You ought never to have oome. I waa mad, wicked to let you oome; but my madness and my wickedness I muat bear alone.” H >w strange these words seemed in the broad daylight, Mabin thought. By the weak glimmer of the nig. Dale’s'wild looks and words ha fantastio, weird. Bat thejij seemed to give the namelesst hung about the poor littlaladyi reality: as vivid as it was pail with this feeling there oame also into* Hie heart of the young girl a great tendeneas towards the suffering woman who was haunted by the shadow of her own cask' So ahe smiled, and, with a pretty, half-ahy look in her eyes, aaid— / • “ You told me I saved you from going mad,so I mean to stay; and I mean-fa* deep in the same room with you, ao that1 you shall not be frightened any more." ‘ Mrs Dale shook her head. > *• I can’t let you do that,” said she. “ I don’t sleep very well, and sometimes I. start up. and cry out. I should frigkten: you.” : I'... Then we will exohange rooms,”; said. Mabin. ? By the look of. joy. and relief whiedt flashed over Mrs Dale’s facs at this , sug gestion Mabin saw that shs had conquered. “ Bat—won’t yen be afraid f” asked the: widow, in a troubled voioe. “ What 1 of a ghost, a vision, or ofhav ing bad dreams P No,not abit.” ;; Mra Dale glanced gratefully at . the young face. With its look of - robust Philis-’ tine scornof phantoms. ’• ; A “It ia a temptation,’’ she murmured; “for, after all, r know, i (now that it was only a dream, a horrible dream, and there ia no fear that the dream will pome to you.” . " ‘ J. " “ And if it did," retorted Mabin, stputly, “it wouldn’t frighten me. I’m too ‘stodgy;’ .1 have noim agination.” V f Mrs Dale smiled sadly. ..-V . *> r'lU. " Yon are right,,‘"abe siid. “If you did havu the same dream it -would have' not terrors for you. Yoair conscience ia pledr.” \- •* And my - digestions Icood,’^ -Added' Mabin,; lightly, as she pioked tipthefellen flowers .and put them in her basket.. ■ ■ . There was no doubt that -her refdeal to, So had taken a load of mebiaohdiy from lie shoulders of her hostess, who sentfche young girl out for a walk as. soon as; the gathering of the flowers was over, and charged-her not to go far enough to tiro hat still: weak ankle. .. Mabin, with, n book and a sunshade, sauntered slowly down the hill to the nearest gap in the oliff, and went down the deep, descent to the sands.. This was ho paradise of nursemaids and babies, but a solitary nook, beloved, by quiet, maidea ladies and sentimental couples. 'With rash disregard o< the daugerof Bitting under a chalk oliff, Mabin' found a; eaat- on a rook worn smooth by the sea, opened her book, and began—no* to read.. . . : -5 The circumstanoee in which she found herself were far too interesting' for heric be able to give herself up to the milder ex; oilements of fiction. She sat with her open book on her lap and her eyea staring out ai the sea, whioh was. vividly blue in the sun shine, when she became suddenly oensdont of a footstep she. knew in bier immediate neigborhooa. Although she affected to ba surprised when Bndolph- appeared before her, eta had known that he was approaching, and her heart began to beat very fast. He looked down as her between the apikee ol her sunshade, protending to be afraid tc speak to her. ' • *3ood morning,’’ said ehe at last..... “ I was wondering whether I dared asy the aame thing I" . . “Dared?” . . ‘ “ Yea.' Attar your treatment of ma las! night, I felt nervous.” “My treatment of yon! What treat ment?” “ Why were yon ao nnkind f Or muatn'f I ask why?” “ Yon may ask, of course. But;I ean’j give you any answer, because I didn’t knou tout I was unkind:” “ I wish I oonld believe that.” “ Well, if yon won’t believe it, I havi nothing to say.” BudolpV was silent a fewminutes Then, with a bunt of explosive energy, hi madeup hia mind. “No!” he cried, ao loudly that Mabii atartad, aa ha throw himself down on thi sands beside her, “ I will net be daunted 1 will encase myself in double raub- prooi armor plates, nud I nid tip to tench lw baits ba dignified it is not necessary to be unkind—end—yea, I will any it—abso lutely rode.” . Habin became crimson, and the tears atarted to be* eyes. She had not meant to be rude, but nndonbtedly her behavior had laid her open to this accusation. "I am atnpfd, clumsy; I am rude with* out meaning it,” ahe said in a tone o( snob excessive humility and penitenoe that it was impossible to donbt her sincerity, “ I am very sorry. But you shouldn't take any notice of what I do or say. Nobody does at home. When I am more awkward and tiresome than uBual, they always say— 'Oh, ifa onlyMabinl’ and then nobody minds.” “ Ab, well, I can’t quite feel like that— that ifa only Mabin. When one likes a person, and wants to be good friends, very good friends with that person, just as one. used to be when that person and oneself were little things in short frocks and kniokerbookers, it is very disheartening to find that person determined to be—or—to be -or—so reserved that when one sits beside that person, as I did last night, you know, she will only let one see so much of her right ear as to practically tnm her baokto el” „ _ “Idiu.’tl’ : “ Ton did thongh. And it is what yon were doing again just now until the hor ror of hearing the truth made yon tom round to fly at me I Yon did turn your baok upon me .last night) Miss Bose, and yon hurt my feelings.” " Indeed, yen did not seem to be hurt. Ton seemed to bo enjoying yourself very muohl" *• Well, so I was, In a way. Bnt I should have enjoyed myself muoh more if yon had been as nice as you were in the garden,” Mabin heaved a deep sigh. fit’s no use expecting me to ben!oe,”she i said In a voloe of despair, “I oan only manage it so very seldom.” Well, oould yon hold out some signal, suoh as by wearing a particular flower, or colour, or some especial knot of ribbon, to let a fellow know when he may speak to you without being snubbed ? “No, I oouldn’t,” retorted Mabin with great fierceness, but with a twinkle of fun in her grey eyes, whloh gave greater hopes than her words did. “ It is of no use for me to promise more than I oan perform. Yon had better look upon me as'a decidedly dis agreeable person, with rare moments of proper behaviour.” V “Proper behaviour, then, means nloeness ? I’mgladyou thinkitproper to be niee to me !'* said Rudolph. 111 perceive that I’ve lighted upon one of the rare 'moments,' and I'm going to take advantage of It,’’ he added, as he came a little nearer to her, and looked up in her faoe with a glanoe of amusement and admiration whloh nude her blush a little. “Iam going to make you talk to me, and amuse me, as yon were told to do last night.” > “ No! It (was you who were told to amuse me l” . \- “Was It! Well,we'll take it in tarns then. Dj yon remember who taught you crioket.” \- " Yes; oh, yeB.” “ And in what a rage yon nsed to be when you were oaught out!" .“Yes,” answered Mabin. "I remember; but I don’t want to talk about orioket. I want to toll you something. Mrs Dale has a fancy that * The Towers ’ is haunted." Ana she related the adventure of the pro vious night, and her intention iof changing rooms with her hostess. : Rudolph listened gravely, and there was a pause when she had finished before he made any comment. Then he said, abruptly: " Ton are not nervous, are you, Mabin ! I know you nsed to have no end of pluck.” “ Well, I. haven’t any leu than I ever had." “ Well, if yon do change rooms, yon have got to be prepared to see the ghost yonrsetf." *' You make me feel rather—rather creepy! What do yon really think I shall see !’’ "A faoe at the window, probably. The fade of the spy, from year house, . What jftto oan she have seen!’ ' " Mabin oonildered a moment* *' "‘.I'll riek it!" she oried, at lest. “I ■han’t go to bed at alL I- shall sit up and watch.” .• “I wish yon would. We should find out Something if yon had the strength of mind to do that. . ‘ Not without a wild- beating of the heart, Mabin -Undertook the task of holding the strange night-watch, without saying a word Jtp Mrs Dale of her intention. 5;“8he thinks she only had a dreadful dream, yon know,” said Mabin. . “Wall,” replied Rudolph, “I want to ;know what sort of a dream you will have.” -Ha had' to admire the courage she showed in undertaking a risk which was, as .she expressed it, "rather shuddery,” for when he left her at the gate of “ The Towers,” she was still steadfast in her in tention. \- It was not until after dinner that even ing'that lbs Dale introduced the young girl, to the apartment she was to oooupy that night. Mabin was astonished at its dihginess, its gloominess, contrasting :B> strongly as they did with the fresh prettiness of the room whioh had been pre pared for herself; . ;It was a large square room, with a (mouldy, old-fashioned wall-paper, on whiob unnatural pink roses climbed up a eucoes sionofthinhop-polei. The pictures were groups of trees, done with the penoilin the woolly early Victorian minner, and stiff bouquets, in water-color; of conventional early: Victorian flowers.. The bed, which was hung with green curtains, occupied an undue space; and Mabin felt that, in the ;weird circumstances of her tenancy of the roam, she would have died rather than sleep in that funereal erection, i When ibs Dale had kissed her and bade her good-hfght^ after receiving. Mabin’s assuranoes that she did not feel in the least nervous, the young girl felt a strong incli nation to follow her friend outfit the room, ahd to implore her to find her some other sleeping-place. By a valiant effort, howeveir, she oon qnered this weakness, end made a caretal Survey of her. surroundings. In the first plaoe, the windows and their fastenings had to be examined. They were carefully secured, and were both so high above the ground that it would have been impossible far an intnder to reach them without a ladder. ‘ . (There were three doors; add at first Mabin was inollned to regard this as a dis quieting circumstance. But on finding that ’two of them were unused, looked, ana with out a key, aid that there was a bolt on the door by whioh she had entered, she began td feel more at ease. . Exchanging her book for a dressing gown, and providing herself with a book, :she placed herself in an armchair whioh stood near the fireplaoe, whioh, although shabby, waa sufficiently oomfortabh, and, patting her candles on a small table beside her, qettled herself to read. Her book waa 'n novel of.excellent type, not too clever to be ohaxming,-notso commonp’aoe as to be doll. Much to her own surprise, ahe got interested, and forgot, or almost forgot, the vague fears whioh keptherin the arm chair, imtsad of in bed. She was in the very heart of the book, Iwben a sound, a very aught sound, behin her baok, caused the blood aljnoet to free inher veins. 2 It was a soft, stealthy tread. :L Looking round, half . paralysed with terror, she saw that the door waa ajar, and that creeping softly round towards the in 'ride handle was the long, thin hand of a ssan.; \- (To Be Continued.) A Simple Knife Cleaner.—Mr R. Bll toa, of 22 .Oleethorpsa-road, Grimsby, Is thi Inventor of a naw knlfe-risanlng arrange ment:. It oonsisto of a stoat wooden'box, having a hole at one end for the insertion ol ths blade, a small rsservoir for powdered bathbrick, end a loose top which preasea or the knife. . The blade c| the knife works bo twain sn emery stone on the bottom, shd s 'pitas of the nsnsl knife-board material or the top. There is nottdng in 'this bextc 'tat put of order) and It should be an sffso mr‘ • 