IN THE BAR PARLOR. ' Wben people are lard up fpr1 something to do,' remarked the Worm, ' they generally assuma tbe virtue of a significance of things in general which they have not. Now for instance when a 'few interested persons raise au argument Upon the subject of bimetnliBin, as . they cull it, n, whole heap of wretched people who tire wise because they are idle ? ' ' I beg your pardon,' chipped in the Snub Editor, 'but I do;i't quite follow your argument. Idle people arc not always wiee.' ' Diogenes never did a stroke of work in hie lite. He was uo idle that when he saw a boy drinking out of the hollow of bit hand the worthy philosopher threw away a cocootmt shell he had been, using and cursed himself for having taken the trouble to use ao un necessary a luxury. Socrates was just as idle a man, and at last re cognising the fact, the Greek au thorities ordered him to commit suicide — which he did.'. ' Are you contemplating offering yourself as a candidate for Parlia mentary honors?' asked the Bottleholder. ' I am not. Why f ' ' Well, I fancied that you. were taking a leaf out of the Fillup 6bIi book on ancient history.' ' Bat it is repeated to-day and every day,' replied the Worm, 'and coming back to the old thing, opinions upon tbe subject of bimetallism are so divided in America that it is likely the elec tion question will turn upon it.' ' It is a serious matter, I be lieve,' said the Athletic Person, ' and vra6 set on foot I am told by a certain section of alar mis Is who, by realising npon their estates, cal culate to bold a large quantity of bullion in hand so that when the old greenback business is renovated they may have a purchasing power of thirty shillings in tbe pouud. The opposition, to tbe coinage faction is running the banks for gold.' ' It is a lesson for everyone to chew over,' said the Sunday Man. ' Something in fact to think about mucbly.' ? ? * 'That ghostly party who has been creating, such trouble of late,' remarked the Insignificant Man, ' appears to me to be either one of two things. It is either the mad fresik of a lunatic gone wrong by a course of hereditary in sanity, fhe results of old-time cus toms at Point Peur, or else it is a job got up to raise the wind.' ' Of tbe former portions of your allegation,' said (he Police Court Reporter, ' I may say that you hold a great deal of truth upon your tide, for my experience of Sassiety bear out the truth of yonr reservations, but as regards the latter until we have a system of police centralization I must bo dumb, for a closed mouth catches no flies, although it will all come out in the wash by and bye. I dou't care what is the outcome, but I say that the whole thing is a dis grace to Hobart.' ' How nre the police to blame ?' asked the Government House Man. ' You do not expect that a person acting tho ghost will walk baW headed into tho arms of a constable on duty, do you ?' ' I did not say oar own men were (0 blame. I intended to con vey something entirely different,' replied tbe other. ' But speaking about it all, you know that there aro very many people in Hobart who nightly disport themselves fts ghosts.' 'They haven't got the ghost of a copper to jingle, I suppose,' hazar ded Jim the Ladey, ' or else they would go in somewhere and bust it these cold nights.' ' Probably so,' said tho Pub lisher. ' Anyhow, I know pf one case which didn't quite come off. A poor deluded creature of a man tho oth'^r evening was going arouud up North Hobart way mar Warwick-street, and considered it advisable to do a little of the ghost business, so lie waited about until he fancied he raw someone comiup, and juBr, t!ien tbe spirit movi-d him to ilop himself ahout.' 'What happened?' asked the Publisher.' 'Tho party lie met just happened.. very handy. He went straight for the speritre, actuated «o doubt by visions of au alleged fifteen ppiincU, reward, and gave him beans. He bumped his 'bUfixl up fignvtofi a citizen's wall and knooked his pose-ag&inst; the foundations of the nost 4oor.hous& 'calling put tjiai tie' had got the ghpstaU thp while, and making ? shrieking : inquiries far the police and ipv'. forth, ,/ !Then the gent oocuping, ifee upper story opened his window and added his polios whistle U- the din, which brought -along a fair orpwd. .They, pulled .tbe ghost catcher off and' disclosed the victim to public ,gaze. He struggled to hifl feet, aud After re- setting a couple of- back' teeth, straightening the tip of his rfQBa, nod pushing back into its place a quivering and distended eyeball, showed himself to ba oaa who w&* well known to all. But he fel into it all the same.' 'Well, it .sorter serves him right in one sense,' remarked the Poet, 'although mind you occasionally these ghost hunters are a, little too fly. Now a Mend of mine who curries a thick stick was walking home up Mftcquarie-street the other evening and wheu close to Har rington-street saw, as be fancied, a ghostly figure approachibg. It was about eight feet high, and without more ado be let fly his stick at it. Mr. Johnson's weapon rung off a tin can carried npon a sanitary gentleman's head and — well, I leave tue rest to your comprehensive faculties to figure out.' ? ? ? ' Rabbits,' observed tbe Sport ing Reporter, ' are tbe friends of tho worker.' ' How can a pest be a friend to anybody, pray r' asked the Snub Editor. ? ? ' They overrun the big estates and eat the eheep out. They fur nish an industry for trappei-s with winter skins at sevenpence a pound. They give to a few of us employ ment in canning.' ' Not in Tasmania,' interrupted the Worm. ' They send hundreds aud thousands of tons away to Eng land from Victoria, but never a show do they give us here.'- 'Well, a few millions a year killed would only cauBe those left to breed more profusely, I have no doubt ; but in Western Australia the local Bureau of Agriculture held it that either the rabbit6 or tbe squatters would have to shift.' ' And did either of them ?' asked the Insignificant Man. ' Well, not up to date, but the question is both there and in tbe other colonies giving rise .to much consideration. The rabbit may, and probably has, tbe best tight to the land, aud asserts itself as agkinst the jumbuk of the squatter. Now a huge area cauuot. stand against it all, but jnst you break up the land into, small holdings on the leasehold principle, and you'll soon see where the rabbit will be.' ' Where will he be ?' asked the Government House Man. ' Coming from you as a visitor to tbe Government House kitchen I am surprised at your asking. But as idle curiosity Iihb evidently prompted your questions I may say that the rabbit would in some places be cultivated as a food ox port and in other places excluded from the small sections.' ' Which quite fully and tho roughly embraces a high mural lesson,' said the Insignificant Man. # ? ? ' Ah,' sighed the Worm, ' Father Jime is a barber. He is a silent barber. He is the obverse of the hair restorer fiend, for he makes bald hairs grow on people's heads whilst the otber makes hairs grow on people's bald heads.' ' He has operated evidently upon you old man,' observed tbe Poet. ' True,' mused the other, ' but, young man, reflect. If an old man only knew as much aa a young man thinks he does know, how the world would whiil !' ' Jest so,' remarked the Bar maid, ' who came in at tbat time, ' I see that Lor.g Maty has struck oil at last. However Hid ah'.' collar poor little Jim ¥'' ' In a very aimple manner, ' ex plained the Gloomy Man. ' You see James was so given to remain ing out about public houses by night that he covered some of tbe slates on both sides, and concluded in consequence to put up at a pri vate house. He struck one at lust which was very private indeed. No other boardorB kept, you know, aiui all tbe comforts of a houit», etcetrst. Ah ' there wero two daughters wlio were so bashful at first that they would not sit down to where a man was, He might be a naughty man, you know. A bold, i»ad rpau.^Poor Jimmy was »' $Mjle concerned at 'first at being tWunfooeni 'cause of /heir trouble, and .tried to. explain. Somehow ho .'found after .a whiie, when confidence was a jittje way jtfB'tabliBtel, fhft* :-jtfapse two jlattghr ters eat very , elbao to lum at iimos Wheu they were near the fireside. 3le fottujl, that :' his .letters .'h»4 -by some means wormei themselves into odd envelopes, and that eel-tain find sundry photographs which '^he oarried— — ' ?. ?? ' 'Of ladies P' esked the B&r-; P»Md. . . ...,'.' ?'Of ladiesr-Btage ladies pro bably—but anyway, these jigged about the room in a niost inexpli- . cable manner. . He oould hnve ox ensed it if h» had been drinking, but in that house the idea was |-iv- ?poste?ous. Sit it remained » riddle. Then then' were some private per formances given at the thuatre, aud in a weak moment he procured an order and escorted the two girls. The elder seized his arm in (xiumph and squezed his hand against her wooden chest all tbe way home. He found tbe younger looking at him with tearfully reproachful eyes across the table next day, and suffering from a. losa of appetite. When be recommended Goulds's Nerve Food she ran off in tears. Then one evening when he got home he fonnd the mother waiting for him. She was sitting bolt upright in a tall chair in the cheerless ante room. Silently she pointed to a feat. He fell upon the conch nervously. 1 Now, sir,' she eKclaimed in a tone which floated in fitful whispers through the silent house, 'what are yonr intentions towards my daughters ; and if so, which daughter?' Jimmy huug down his bead and sighed. 'In heaven's name, madam, which yon will; I have no choice !' 'True,' she replied, ' they are both equally, beautiful, and as it is so lei, it be the elder, may God have merer on your soul.' So Jimmy got married.' ' Poor fellow,' said the Bxrmaid. ' I kud au eye to him mjnelf.' ' Would you bare taken him on tick ?' asked the Worm. ' Beast !' retorted the other. 'You have«uo soul. ' vr W W ' A case turned up the other day,' observed tbe Police Court Reporter reflectively, ' which to my mind anyway furnishes much food ' for reflection, and proves bow really energetic a certain section of ! our plain police forcj some- j times is. You will recollect doubr- ! less how a yachc was robbed some ' time back aud a party was duly fitted for it?' , ' We do,' replied the Ediior. ' But all the gonds were never found, were they ?' i ' They were not. Well a friend I of mine who runs a barge which was a bit tbe worse for wear, I although tbe old boat can sprint a ' piece still, concluded to give her an j overhaul, and clear out some of the cockroaches, etcetera, especially i the latter. In going to work for- , ward some of tlie bunk flooring ' was lifted and a quantity oP goods j turned out. Now Harry was called j away npon family matters to Sydney, bo he left the «tuft at his home j promiscus-like until he returned.' ' Which was very foolish of ' him,' said tbe Suuday Mau. ' It was so. But, anyhow, (luring his absence it was whispered abroad to the fobrce what was not , auy secret, and the return trip of j the Oonab there was oh ! such a - muster of the plain clothes push (o receive him. They were mar- | shalied alongside that gangway like i crows around a dend sheep Bnt ' not caring to suffer the indignity of being hawked away theie bafore an ' admiring crowd, nor having any fancy to pose as a heavy villain, he quiotly exchauged hats with a friend and walked piisttbem by tbe rear. A customs House j officer examined bis luggage light under their noses aud cliucklud ' with glee, for you know flie two departments dou'tquite bitit. When they found the bird h.id flown (hey , rubbed to his house nud surrou ndtd ' it, for they are ever oa the lUert to i show a rich man, even if he be 'a ' very wretched man, how sui.irt they ' can bo all tlie world over. But Harry bade them good eveuing ami refused to open, for lie was more comfortable in be;l you see tiiau in tho lock-up. They did 1.1 perish for :i time nnd condu'ted ! l-at a drop of hunii'tuing ivai'n wouldn't, do any h:n in. Accordingly the.? adjourned, and liia blether slipp.'d in by d,e buck and guve him the luy .'.f the coast. He attended coui't itfter wardH and whs discharged.' ? ' '4: (wart job ,»U, round,' re marked the jjpltleholder. ' I suppose some of them-' aro pretty gone ovor it. I often saw a man 1 who'd like to 'soatyciMno oaf; very iowT' '?**?' ' ':''.';'...,-;,.-'','.', ,.'' , ?'Tljtipe nvo some, 'verjr smart people jp, HobarJi', i6Vsejr\vea tbe Poet, 'and the smartest is tbe. bad punster. .,:. . ?. ? :? ?.:?, ... ? : . , ? TheetnurtCEteoinetiiueetry toeoftv, , To iaw afresh au old-tinip;eore, .. Born aud saw till Jill arp.sors Tliat Lo begun. ' Of all til e cores wo ever «aw Wo never saxt a eaw to uir As sore tie he who fain would soar Distort his language tn b sore : And wretched nnn 1. : 