LITERATURE. ? & ? ''IN THE DAYS WHEN THE WORLD WAS WIDE.'* ByHknky Lawson. Sydney: Angus and Robertson. I Vekses relating to the life of men in the Australian I; Bush, in order to bear specific value, must deal with j those things that are peculiar to Australia. Verses ? dealing with mere occasional episodes which may I happen in a man's experience amid any surround I mgs, although placed by the poet in an Australian ! setting, are not true bush ballads ; they are but as I lackeys masquerading in their master's clothes. ; The volume to which Mr. Henry Lawson has I placed his name contains work which is of the best j description of bush poetry, as the poems deal with tne are winch, is peculiar to Australia alone ; ana in this respect it takes a position far above much of the Bo-culled bush ballads, which do not show the life of man in Australia, but merely set out in pleasing rhyme experiences which the rawest new chum may have on his first visit ' up country,' either here or in tiny other part of the globe. Mr. Luwkoh seems to bo attracted more by the life of men and animals than by the surroundings in ?which they are placed. Perhaps that may be because his experiences have been in the ilat coun try— ' ? those burning wastes of barren soil and sand With their everlasting fences stretching out across the land !' and that his sympathy with, humanity, toiling and siru^ling, and with' all living moving things, has bo completely possessed him. Feeling, sympathy, human nature, whatever it may be called, is domi nant throughout his poems. It appears in many forms. ' Brother mine, and of misfortune ! times are bad, but do not fret, Keep your courage up to struggle, and we'll laugh at these things yet. Though there is no corn in Egypt, surely Africa has some — Keep your smile in working order for the better days to come !' And after describing ' Sweeney,' the product of Australian loaferdom, sunk below the power of human feelings, he says — ' And I fancy that of evenings, when the track is growing dim, What he ' might have been and wasn't,' comes along and troubles him.' It is only a man who has needed sympathy himself- who has had to work hard, without a friend beside him, who could write : — 'They wh'ne o' lost and wasted lives in idleness and crime — I've wasted mine for twenty years, and grafted all the time ! And never drunk the stuff I earned, nor gambled when I shore — But somehow when yer on the track yer life seems wasted more.' But this sympathy has not made him sad or despon dent. He is hopeful for better times for all — if men will but firmly fie;ht against their trials — ''For it can't go on for ever, and- — 'I'll have my day !' sez you.' In order to be able to write good poetry a man must possess humour and imagination, without which., no matter how well-chosen and polished may be the lines, they are but so many dead things — beautiful it may be — but dead. These two qualities up to the present have not been prominent in Australian poets. A certain form of fun or joke certainly has been displayed, and grotesque situations have been devised — but fun is not necessarily humour, nor is fantasy imagination. Mr. Lawson has imagination and humour ; his sympathetic nature could not exist- without them. It would be difficult to select particular poems as examples of what we wish to point out, as every page shows the qualities which he possesses. If one piece were to be chosen as an example of Mr. Lawson's quality as a writer of true bush ballads, the best piece is 'The Teams.' ' With eyes half shut to the blinding dust, And neck« to the yokes bent low, Thu beasts nre pulling as bullocks must; And the shining tires might almost rust While the spokes are turning slow. 'With face half hid 'neath a broad -brimmed hat That shades from the heat's white waves, And shouldered whip with its green-hide plait, The driver plods with gait like that Of his weary, patient slaves. ' He wipes his brow, for the day is hot, And spits to the left with spite ; He shouts at ' Bally' and flicks at ' Scot,' And raises the dust from the back of * Spot,' And spits to the dusty right. ' He'll sometimes pause as a thing of form In front of a settler's door, And adk for-a drink, and remark, ' It's warm,' Or say, ' There's signs of a thunderstorm,' But he seldom utters more.' This .is the lonely life in the bush, monotonous, dull and slow— equally bo at the head station as in the bullock-driver's ct'.mp. There is more true poetry in 'TheTeiims' that in a wilderness of verses about bush rncea of the Adam Lindsay Gordon pattern. Within the shart limits of this notice it is not pos sible to analyse in completeness the contents of Mr. Lawsori's book, or the quality of the elements which make up Mr. Lawaon's poetic faculty. A few re marks only can be permitted as generally applicable to him and to his work, which will bo pointed out by one or two quotations. Popular poetry — the ballad — is distinguished by simplicity, picturesqueness, and the best word-painting possible. The simplicity of Mr. Lawson's poems mvst strike home to all, while his picturesquencas can be indicated by a re ference to some of his deFcriptions. What is more vivid than 41 And of afternoons in cities, when the rain is on the land, Visions come to me of Sweeney with his bottle in his hand, With the stormy night behind him, and the pub. verandah- post — ' ' or, | £ 'The fierce white heat-waves blaze, And out where the tank-heap rises Or looms when the sunlights wane, Till it seems like a distant mountain Low down on the Great Grey Plain.' The short poem, 'The Blue Mountains,' is an ex ample of excellent elt'ect obtained by simplicity. Verses about mountains are for the most part poly syllabic, turgid and slow in movement, so as to produce by artifice the effect of physical mass. The verse is short and full of life, yet it rather gains than loses by this lightness. 'The stream that, crooning to itself, Comes down a tireless rover, Flows calmly to the rocky shelf, And then leaps bravely over.' The heart that is in Mr. Lawson's verses could have got there only from the bosom of the man him self ; he has lived the life he paints, and so he has been able to embalm the truth of his experience in ringing verse. The matter of his Muse, dealing largely with a crude and sordid mode of life, neces sarily must be subject to a simple mode of expres sion, which is extenuation sufficient for any dearth of rhyme or polished periods which may be looked for by some readers. He but dresses his subject in the verbal dress suitable to its fashion. Much may be expected from a man who has written the piece which gives its name to the volume. ' In the days when the world was wide' is the cry of a great heart desirous of noble things — a nobler life, a higher ideal of duty than is led and held by men at the end of this nineteenth cen tury. 'Faces in the Street,' 'The Star of Aus tralia,' and ' The Ghost,' are echoes loud of the same cry. And the true human heart of the poet, superior to all the teachings of all the creeds, is shown in the last lines of 'Taking his Chance,' where the dying bushranger turns a deaf ear to the sergeant, and looking at his sweetheart — ' He gazed in her eyes as she lifted his head. 'Just kiss me — my girl — and — I'll — chance it,' he said.' The verses, 'Up the Country,' when first pub lished, drew an answer from Mr. Paterson— 'In Defence of the Bush,' which appeared in that gentleman's volume, 'The Man from Snowy River, and other verses.' 'The City Bushman' were in reply to Mr. Paterson. Each side of the question is, no doubt, right, from the point of view of the respective writers. Those who have had experi ence of bush life, as residents working and toiling, and not as visitors who are provided with experi ences as passing episodes only, can form their opinions on the merits of the rhyming contest. Attention will be drawn here to this 'fact only : that the very great majority of men, when they 'can do so, leave the bush to settle in the great Australian cities, or in England. This is a fair touchstone to use. Mr. Laweon will, no doubt, pardon the refer ence now made to some small blemishes which mar his book. On p. 119, ' When the Race is Rode,' cannot be allowed by any poetic liberty — license is not liberty. Again there are several examples of false rhymes: p. 58. ' worry— Macquarie' ; p. 91, 'harsh — moustache' ; p. 93, booze — use' ; pp. 99 100, 'soon — tune; noon — tune'; p. 117, 'war — before' ; p. 1G5, 'broad — roared' ; p. 172, 'Lord — abroad;' p. 22G, ' fume — tomb.' The use of a certari refrain at the end of each stanza in many of Mr. Lawson's poems has several evils. It givrs the aspect of a trick to what is occasionally very effective in maintaininginterest, and giving emphasis, and it also has the effect of cramping the'poet in the play of imagination and in freedom of expression. Certain yords must be used to maintain the con stant rhyme, and the thoughts become liable to be fitted to the words, rather than the words to the thoughts. These remarks are offered in the kindliest spirit, and are prompted by keen appreciation of the author and admiration for his poems. There is little doubt that Mr. Lawson's poems will be widely read. A great circulation of his book must be pleasing to the author, but a wide sale is not necessarily a standard of merit. This can be said of Mr. Lawson's poems : independently of past claims to popularity they are in themselves a sound contribution to literature, and show that in Austra lia, among many clever versifiers, there is a writer wno may ciaim to be a poet. The mechanical por tion of the book is in the best form — paper, type, and binding. Produced wholly in the colony, it is a credit to its publishers, Messrs. Angus and Ro bertson. 