CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. HOLY SATURDAY. The word "night" used in the benediction of the Paschal candle, the collect, the preface, and the communicates, in the Roman Catholic Church, shows that the office and Mass of j Holy Saturday were formerly said in the I night to honor the time of our baviour"s resur j reetion. "We may suppose," says a writer I commenting on this, " the anticipation of this j office to be an indulgence granted by the | Church to the faithful rendered incapable of | watching at niidnignt by the long penitential j fasts of Lent. 11 The church assumes a joyous tone, the bells are rung at "Gloriainexeelsis," and the organ, which has been silent since ! Maundy Thursday, peals forth once again. i The altars, which are denuded of their uma ! nients, are covered with linen cloths ' and the usual embellishments, and a | new 6re is blessed to illuminate them. | Tiie office begins by lighting a triple candle to I signify that the faith of the Blessed Trinity I proceeds from the light communicated to Christians by our Lord nov risen from the dead. The paschal candle, blessed in the next place by the deacon, is a figure of the body of Jesus Christ, and not being lighted at first represents Him as yet dead, and the 6ve blessed (Trains of incense fixed therein denote the aromatic spices wherewith he was em balmed in the sepulchre. When lighted it represents his rising again to life, and the subsequent lighting of the lamps and the rest of the candles teaches the faithful that "the resurrection of the members will follow that of the Head." After this ceremony tba eliurch, in order to dispose the catechumens for a worthy receiving of baptism, reads 12 lesions out of the Old Testament called Prophecies, and after each lesson a solemn prayer by which she instructs them in the effects of that sacrament, but also begs for them of Almighty God all its advan tages. The reason why the Church appointed this time for the sofema administration of baptism, was on account of its being so lively a representation of the resurrection which she now solemnises. Before the administration of the sacrament, the baptismal font is blessed in several mystical ceremonies. The priest divides the water in the form of a cross, to teach her children tuat it confers grace and sancity by means of Christ crucified. He touches it with hjs hand, pray ing that it may be free from all impressions of evil spirits. He signs it thrice in the sign of the cross, to bless it in in the name of the Holy Trinity. He parts it with his hand, and casts out some of it towards the four parts of the world to instruct the faithful that the grace of baptism, like the rivers of Paradise, flows all over the earth. He blows thrice upon it in the form of s. cross, beseeching God to bless it by the infusion of His Holy Spirit that it may receive the virtue of sanctifying the souL He plunges the paschal candle thrice into it, praying that the Holy Ghost may descend upon it as He did at the baptism of Christ in the waters of the. Jordan. Finally he mixes holy oil and chrism with it to signify that baptism consecrates Christians to God, and gives them spiritual strength to contend with and overcome all the "enemies of the souL" After the benediction of the font, the sacra ment is solemnly administered to such as are prepared to receive it, and the sacred ministers return to the altar, where they lie prostrate. The litanies are sung and moss celebrated. In the mass incense is offered at the gospel to re present the perfumes carried by the women to Our Saviour's monument, but no lights are borne as at other times because neither they nor the apostles did as yet believe His resur ruction, and for the same reason the creed is not said. The offertory, tbe kiss of peace, and the communion are also omitted, because the faithful did not receive the blessed eocharist at this time, but waited till Easter Sunday. These ceremonies were carried out at St. Patrick's Church, West-terrace, on Saturday morning, and Father Cosgrave was the director of the service. The celebrant of the High Mass was Father Hurley, Father McEvoy being the deacon, and Father Murphy the sub-dacon. 