THE DAY OF REST, CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AGE. [From the Rev. Dr. PATOS~'B openingaddress as Moderator of Federal Assembly of Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tasmania, delivered ia Melbourne September 10, 1896.J When with the help of heaven's own searchlight, that revelation of Christ, namely, which is the touchstone of the Eternal, we seek to discern the signs of this time, it is not hard to disoover strong and obvious reasons for closing up our ranks and massing our spiritual forces against the common enemy. While strenuously repudiating the creed of the pessimist, it is impossible to deny the imperious necessity that exists for a united attack on the strongholds of sin, error, selfishness, and vice, and for an equally warm defence of the citadel of righteousness, purity, goodness, and truth. As of old many false prophets are gone out into the world guilty of the supreme heresy in denying that JesuB Christ has come in the flesh. And many false professors are come into the Church who put asunder that Christian theory and practice which God hath joined. All around us is the clash of discordant voices and the confusion of opposing views. In the poet's extravagant vein, "Everybody is all at sea." The kingdoms of this world are still far from being the kingdom of our Lord and His Christ. Not yet do we see judgment running down our streets like waters, nor righteousness as a mighty river. I do not mean to say that the immediate outlook is destitute of promise; anything but that. The.hopeful auguries are many, and I would like at this stage to remind you of a few of them:—1. It is a good omen, for example, that Holy Scripture is everywhere subjected to such a microscopic examination with a view to ascertain more clearly its origin, growth, structure, history, contents, and principles. Whether this phenomenon is a part or a result of the relentless scrutiny that is brought to bear upon all the ancient literatures, is a question that need not detain us here. Enough for our purpose that it is true. A fierce light beats upon every several corner in the open field of Biblical criticism; and I pronounce this a hopeful sign, because the unshakable truth has nothing.to lose, but everything to gain by the most rigorous investigation. The better the double aspect of the Bible in its bestowal and development is understood, the more human and the more divine is it seen to be. To the luminous and reverent eye the Book of Books stands out like some glorious temple, none the less haunted and hallowed by the presence of the Kternal that its sacred precincts are crowded by a motley band of men and women, sinning, suffering, tried, tempted, hoping, and trusting like ourselves. 2. Another of those grateful symptoms is the endless fascination that seems to attach to the study of the life of Jesus Christ. It is without parallel in the annals of mankind. If it be true, as some allege, that the noblest bequest a groat man can leave behind him is to force the world to explain himself, then is the aphorism pre-eminently true of the Christ. Wlio is this Son of Man whose sublime interrogatory about Himself, "Whom say ye that I am?" reverberates through the ages, provoking and compelling men at every successive conjuncture of human history to face the enquiry afresh ae if it had never been met and answered before? In this reflection there is a world of encouragement for us. If Paul, the prisoner of the Lord in the Imperial dungeons at Rome, rejoiced in the preaching of Christ by any man whether from a spirit of contention or affection, ought not we to be exceeding glad to think of the patient consideration, sympathetic or pitiless, bestowed on that unique biography from every camp and by all classes and conditions of men? To be in His company for a space, though in that remote way, is to be brought in some measure under His maerie spell and matchless influence, and who can forecast the benefits of an association even as slender and shortlived as that? 3. It is also matter for good cheer that the "Holy Church throughout all the world" seems more than ever to be awaking to the consciousness that she is nothing if not a crreat missionary institute. Perhaps it might be too much to say that she has at any period of her history absolutely forgotten this. But the sense of her high calling in this respect was, if not absolutely quieseent, at least often very weak. To be sure, it is even yet only the selector spirits in our several communions who realize that, having freely received, they should as freely give. The average communioant, it is to be feared, does exceedingly little by prayer, effort, sympathy, and contributions to leaven with divine life the mass of civilised heathenism that abounds at his own door, or the mass of barbarous heathenism that abounds abroad. But the repetition and reassertion of the Master'e standing orders by some, and the liberal and heroic execution of tSem by others, are beginning to tell on the Church at large. The effect is most peroeptihte in the attitude by men towards the claims of foreign missions, and yet not on that alone. For in this matter, as in others, action and reaction are equal and opposite. The Christless souls beside us will not suffer because of an increasing interest ip the Christless souls beyond us. It is encouraging to reoognise, therefore, that the subject of missions as the great end of the Church is commanding a larger share of attention in all the denominations than it has hitherto been wont to do. One other cheefinK symptom of our time, which, in my opinion, ought not to be omitted here, is th« av -wed principle of science aud the results of he" devotion to it. Facts only, aud not fancies we are told are the objects of her search—forces only, and not nhenomena, the reticles of her creed. And it cannot be denied that science has laid the ghosts o? manv superstitions. For all truth brings emancipation. The loftier the truth the grander the freedom. She has done not a little to elucidate the order and method of the divine operations as well as to unfold their excessive | magnitude and minuteness. By her means a | marvellous breadth and body have been im • j parted to our intangible ideas of time and | spaoe. Not that she has rified nature of her i secrets or emptied it of its wonders^ for we I are still surrounded by a great wall not to be scaled by any effort, not to be pierced by any weapon. In these modern times of ours, as in iI 1 those more ancient ones of Augustine, all things go out and die «-way into mystery. Stilliess has she been able by her experiments and observations to find God. " God is not found by the teats that detect you an acid or salt, while you search only for secrets that process of soience sets free. Nothing youU find in the world but matter to handle and see. . . . What now if Spirit and God are the thought which is written out plain on the great page of the world, and your method of seeking is vain? Still it seems to me oause for gratitude that we have in our midst a brilliant assemblage of men who avouch this as their motto —"The truth, and nothing but the truth." Defections and deviations from such a lofty standard there must needs be. Hypotheses, speculations, dogmas, even which have no foundation in fact, are sure to be occasionally espoused. But so long as "truth" is the sovereign to whom they profess allegiance, we ought to hail them as brethren, even though, like ourselves, they are not always! as consistent in their loyalty as might.be wished. Considerations like these, however—and they could easily be multiplied—register at most but one set of observations on the signs of fche times. The induction is obviously incomplete. There are phenomena around us of quite a different character which must also be taken into account, otherwise ours will be a-fool's paradise. Bear with me, then, in an endeavour to submit a brief enumeration of some of the more unsatisfactory characteristics of the age, to the end that we may better understand the mission of the Christian Church and the manner of its fulfilment. There are, to begin with, certain defects in all Churches, probably, which mar their beauty, sap their energy, and reduce their influence for good. Congregations Jack that unity and cohesion which is born only of sympathy and love. The mutual confidence and friendly intercourse and opportune assistance which ought to distinguish the several members of the family of God are frequently more honoured in the breach than the observance. The responsibility of administering the different organisations of the Churoh is often ignominiously shirked by those who are competent and able, and shifted on to the shoulders of thoee who, in their instinct for service, are mo're ready and willing. In the heart of not a few of the frequenters of the sanctuary there never seems to be a desire to take part in any one of the redemptive movements that emanate from, and centre in, the person of Jesus Christ. They come and they go, and not one soul is made gladder by word they speak, or sign they make, or deed they do. How can a congregation grow or flourish where such inhumanities obtain? What can be said, moreover, of the tortuous expedients that everywhere abound for replenishing the Church's exchequer to which we all appear to be succumbing as to an inevitable necessity? Has it come to this, then, that the Christian ministry among us is regarded as nothing better than a splendid charity? Even if it were granted that the Churoh is not a divine institution at all, the support of whose ordinances ought to lie as a perpetual obligation on the hearts of the Lord's people, still the point might be conceded that for the most part the preachers of the Gtwpel are labourers worthy of their hire. Until ail the members •jf our Churches make conscience of giving systematically—as to the Lord and not unto men, and according to the measure of their ability—tho unseemly scramble for fund* will go on while tho variutu sohemes of our Ohurcli, uhilanthrtpi^ and religious, will languish for want of sufficient help. Extending our survey again, we meet with other features in Church life, which are at once discreditable to the servants and dishonouring to the Master. An unreasonable amount of time and temper is wasted on petty and trival affairs. Questions of ecclesiastical birth and genealogy, position and authority, rites and ceremonies, attitudes and gestures, nomenclature, and even vestments, are dincussed with such warmth and gravity that an ignorant man might think that the prosperity and even the existence of the Church of Christ hung upon their correct solution. Old anomalies are found under new conditions. Beligious functionaries and formalist! still go on rithing mint and anise and cummin and omitting the weightier matters of the law—judgment, and mercy, and faith. Spiritual success is measured by material results. Blind attachment to one denomination is often identified with, personal devotion to the Christ. It is deemed a work meritorious in some quarters to allure member-, from one Christian Church to another. Apostolical succession does not any more stand fo«* a succession of apoetolic men. The sacred passion of winning souls to the Saviour ever and again gives place to the vulgar ambition of increasing the membership of the Church or the denomination. (To be Continued.) 