TRUE AS STEEL. ' , (BY MARION HARLAN D.) Author op ' Alone,' ' Hidden Path,' ' Moss Side,' etc. CHAPTER IY. — (Continued.) 'blood will tell' ' Cottage and home-made furniture has a 8habby-gpnteel look,' she did not scruple to say to the busy pair of ama teur upholsterers. 'If I cannot) re plenish my house with solid, handsome articles, I will let it go bare. And in so unpretending an establishment as ours, cnere snouia oe no snow-place — no room too nice to be used by all the family. It is a Tulgar, Yankee custom. I, for ono, shall never feel comfortable in here, Hadassah. Not that that can be an object. with you. But you asked for my opinion, aud I must speak frankly, if at all. The place has a cheap, tawdry au to my taste.' After this free expression of her senti ments, she let the father aud daughter hare their cosy bower to themselves, ex cept when there were visitors. They passed, on an average, five evenings out of seven there ; she busy with her needle work while he read aloud or talked with her of what they had studied together, consulted her about business and family mutters, and listened to her sensible and sprightly speech as to the dicta of an oracle. It waB the one restful nook in his home and be enjoyed it to the' full. The npper room in which she now sat was even more simple in its appoint ments, yeb had the nameless air of purity and refinement, which is never more pleasant than when felt in a young maiden's bed-chamber. The druprd dressing- table and glass above it, the spotless coverlet of the bed, the one easy- chair, also white, with the foot cushion before it, and a reading-table at the left elbow, the crayon sketches in straw and cone frames upon the walls — were what any lady of modest means in the surrounding conntry might have col lected in her dormitory. Yet few ex cept Hadassah Todd did. There wus ??? something pathetic in tbese signs of the girl's longing after the beauty and grace that had bo little expression in her outer i;fo -at,o nalmmorl nt l,o». tnmo ka mother, her ..sisters and brothers ; con scious sometimes to awkwardness, of the imperfections of her own dress and be longings. She had little time to spend on personal adornment, and yet, since her father could not afford to pay the ' bills of town-dressmakers, she must manufacture gowns, mantles and the like for herself. She had meant to re touch the party-dress Violet's needs and her mother's demands had granted her but scanty leisure to prepare, but there would be no time for this now. A p_d..to:night she was too distningli t, too full of. carking case to be annoyed by such a', trifle. What mattered it how she' 'looked ? If tli.e choice had been 'given.her.8he would have preferred to ? mend Humphrey's muddy trousers . and T-l.-,. ? ? .n,l ? UUIICUVOO I.UIU gicn,ojr vmiavu 4.1 vwv iu handling, muslin and lace. . She had no heart for' pretty frivolities, and her fin gers must be busy with something until the fever was worked down somewhat. The begloomed eyes, the trench of sufler ing parting the brows were not evidsnces of disrelish of her employment. It was eleven o'clock when she began the repairs. Twelve sounded as she beat off the dried mud from the boy's garment, folded and laid it upon Juli ette's, and ' set away her work-basket. Then' she extinguished the lamp, and, wheeling the .easy-chair to the window, leaned back witt .a long, struggling oigu. 'If mine were the right I would walk * every mile of the way to be wi'h him now, to watch under his prison window that he might know he had one friend. Oh, Heaven ! but this is very hard to bear!' Everything seems giving way under my feet at once.' The night was very lovely without, with !a cloudless moon in the zenith, nnd still shadows of bouse and trees upon this turf of the yard. It was not entirely to please his daughter that Mr. Todd kept inclosuros, buildings, and garden in good order. Twenty years of a slatternly wife and Western free-andeasinesa could not eradicate his Connecticut ideas of order and neatness, Bub personally he cared little for the flower-fringes that edged his square of vegetables. Theso were : Hadassah's bantlings. Sho could gee her clump of roses — white and pink —and smell them as the dew pressed heavily on their hearts ; the shut buds Of her day-lilies asleep upon tho tall stalks and tho snowy parallelograms of eandy-tufb and feather few. Sho knew the whereabouts of the honeysuckle that yielded the spiciest breath of the incense arising in slow, unseen waves towards her window; could count the few milk white cones upon tho stately young magnolia by the garden gato. Sho '? noticed these things in a dull, mechnnical ?way, as matters that ought to interest ljerj-to relieTe, in some poor and im perfeot degree, the feverishing aching of find heart. As listlcBsly, she bent over the windowsill to train some wandering sprays of the cl mbing roso that ran up to the eaves— was just uoy ing to herself as if she were someone else, ' Iiow fast it grows !' when her eyes dropped casually to the magnolia, and she saw under its wide tent of shadow the figure of a man looking up at her I With a smothered exclamation she receded a step within the obscurity of the room, and apparently divining the cause of the movement, the intruder advanced to an open spaco where the moon shone most brightly, and removed his bat with a gesture of courteous appeal. In notion, form, and features she recognised Maxwell Humphreys. CIIAPTFAl V. FOR 1IIS SAKE. A boor opened from the parlor into o small side porch, and in this the old playfellows met when Hadassah had hurried down in breathless eagerness to receive the unlooked-for guest. 'Is it really your living self?' she said, clasping in both of hers the hand Maxwell extended, and feeling in the midst of her agitation how hot and tremulous it was 'I ran down, half fearing lest I should find you appearance to havo been a trick of my own fancy. You are sure that you are fl'-'sh and blood ?' 'It is the jail-biid and the disin herited son !' he said, with harsh abruptness. 'I wonder you are not disappointed at the discovery thab L am not a ghost. How can you bring your self to take me by the hand 1 Yon should hound me off the premises, as 1 heard you sny to-night my futhi-r would do, if I showed my head in the house where I was born.' 'Come in!' Hadassah drew him gently over the threshold. 'I will prove to you that you have other friends besides myself, who believe no evil of you until the shameful story is confirmed l-y your own lip3. It was you, th« n, whose shadow frightened me so terribly on our way home? The most startling feature in the apparation was its resemlilai co to you. There is no one stirring in the house exci pt ourselves ' — seeing ;him glance apprehensively around the room. ' But I wi 1 call father ; lie will be;de lighted to see you.' ' I doubt it; he spoke of my guilt as a foregone conclusion. Call no one ! 1 ought not to be here,' said Maxwell, with the same aflected roughness of tone and style. 'But J was loitering about the Riverview gate to-night, in doubt how to announce my arrival to those who I knew must have already lieird Shelby's account of my late misdemean ors, and I overheard you say that my parents believed the worst they iiad been told. Then, I followed you stealthily, to learn whatever else I could. I was a dishonorable sneak for doing it, you will think, if you do nob say : but when one's character is ruined, he ceases to be squoamish, and I was nob far from in sanity jusb then. For a whilp, I meant to discover myself to you, bub your father's arguments changed my pu-pose. I have already walked fifteen miles since three o'clock, having left the stage at Ashville, but 1 did not know I was tired while I listened to your story. 1 learned from it that my mother di-.owns ino also. That did not surprise me so much, for she always loved Shelby best of all her children. You said nothing of Violet's verdict. I am here to hear ruy sentence in full. You used to be truth itself, Hadafsah. Tell me, what doss she think of me? Is she faithful in the fire of this trial ? Can the listen to these monstrous lies with patience ? She cannot believe them.' ' I will tell you everything, and how much yon have st ii) to hope for, when you have rested a little while. You are too tired, you can hardly, stand — poor fellow !' cosxei Hadassah, striking a light, nnd shutting the outer door. As the lamp kindled, she saw that he had sunk upon the sofa, as if his limbs refused to support him, but his stare or agonised enquiry gave earnest life to the face otherwise so changed. 'Don't keep rue in' suspense,' lie said, chokingly. 'A n^an can suffer death bus once.' She knelt before him— bhe proud girl whom men culled distant and prudish — and laid her bauds upon his, chafed the tense fingers as a sister might. ' Ib is nob strange that our poor Vio lab should be shocked and frightened, Max. She is timid, and new to tho wickedness of the worid. And if your I father, who is accustomed to weigh and sift evidence, found no flaw in Shelby's story, you should not be hard upon ycur mother or Violet.' 'He has the cunning of Judas, I know. | Had I not heard you say so, I would not I have come to you. Wlmt hindered them from trusting me as well ?'' 