it The Two Lovers of Marget Langley. CHAPTER I. I was a good deal flustered when I left the house that morning, I am willing to admit. I daresay most - spinsters of thirty-five who had just re ceived a proposal of marriage from an eligible man would have been a little b agitated, as I was. You see, I had I had my little romance twelve years t: ago; and though I carried a lock of el brown hair and "verses to my sweet- a heart" signed "your own Tom" in my purse, I think I had got over the pain n of that estrangement. I had even = learned to be thankful that Tom had al "dropped" me, since I knew that he I had drifted away from all respectable y asseoiates, and was lost in the whirlpool of London's "unrecognised." I was reconciled to my spinsterhood, and had a' settled myself in a quiet little villa at I Lewisham with a maid to wait upon me, and a dog to keep me company. Some- h times I took tea with a neighbour, or tI spent the day with an old friend at i1 Brockley; and it was through those d' mild dissipations that I met Mr h Andrew Jones. a: He was a pleasant, well-to-do gentle- ei man of forty-five or fifty, well-known to g my friends, and in every way suitable if it I chose to accept the offer he had made. w I thought I would, but determined to Is consider it well, so decided upon taking re a morning's shopping before sending P my answer. ti I had broken a ruby brooch-pin the a day before, and I meant to leave it with a jeweller when on my shopping expedi- ti tion; so, as I shoved ten pounds into t my purse, I put the brooch there as well b for safety. It was a very old- fashioned F brooch, good stones set in silver of a Indian workmanship. It had been "in r the familly" a long time, and I valued it I v.ery highly. I set out for Lewisham High Road, thinking more of Mr r Andrew Jones and his letter than any- I thing else; and--Well I well I was carrying an umbrella, a maff, and purse, also a chain by which I was 1 obliged to lead my dog Puff whenever I wp went along the High Road. How, or when, it happened I cannot I tell. I believe it was when I passed a corner leading to St. John's Station, I and had to step aside as a crowd of I people came pouring out. Anyway, e when I reached the jeweller's I had lost I my purse. Ten pounds is always a sum to be re- r gretted, and so is a family relic valued - at fifteen pounds ; but somehow I found r myself dwelling more upon my loss of the " verses to my sweetheart" and the I lock of brown hair. Had I dropped I the purse ? If so, there was the ghost d a chance that an honest person picked it up, and would restore it to me, I for my card with full address was in- I side. But I felt sure the purse had I been taken from my hand when I was I jostled at the railway corner. I could remember changing Puff's chain from I the left to the right hand just there, 1 and I am sure the purse was also in my right hand. The dog had been pulling on his chain. It was easy to see how I had been robbed. I reported my loss to the police, and I returned home with mind so full of regret that all thought of Mr Andrew Jones had departed. It was not till late in the afternoon that I recalled his unanswered letter, and set myself to the task of replying. While I was occupied in concocting a pleasant billet donu the postman's knock thundered on the door, and pre sently the maid brought in a letter. It was a very unpleasant-looking envelope, I dirty, and the address very badly written though correctly spelt. I am very particular about the spelling of my name. So many people will call it Langly instead of Langley. But what struck me as curious was that the letter was addressed, not to Miss Langley, as all my letters are addressed, but to Miss Marget S. T. Langley. Being an unmarried:woman, I have my cards engraved with my Christian name, and no "Miss" attached to it. Whoever had written the letter I held knew my name very well indeed, even to the uncommon spelling of it. I opened the envelope, and drew out a half sheet of paper with some writing on it. It was evidently the writing of an uneducated person, and this was what I read : "Yur purs was took near Sent Jons. .?e hav no use for hare and such like. any is in our line. the juel pin will bring ifteen pounds, and yur set store b~.it. If you like to buy it of us we are agreeable. Bring. fifteen punds to place named below at nine of the clock this site and you will receive yur purs aid all contains but mony. Polls is no use we are not to be cant. Place, east eui of Carlton Road, yurseelf ; no one else mist apeer." "How very surprising 1" I exclaimed alond, though I was alone; then I be gan to study the letter bit by bit, and a strange thrill of fear went through me as I realised by what was said that the thief mist have been watching me; he had found out the value of the brooch, he had made sure it was a trinket I cherished; he had not destroyed the lock of hair and verses; he had con sideration for a lonely woman's senti ment regarding precious relics, aod I should have mine restored if I were brave enough to trust a thief, and meet him alone after dark at a lonely corner, bringing with me a good sanm of money. At first I thought of consulting a neighbonr, but the warning words Spolice of no use; we are not to be esught," showed me that I had wide awake rogues to deal with. I should cor gain nothing and lose all, probably, if I go1 did not act in every particular as directed. it After hours of consideration, I made sor up my mind to risk everything and do in as desired. ma I always kept plenty of ready money hoi in the house, so there would be no for difficulty about the ~15 ; and, being in be comfortable circumstances, I was quite willing to pay that sum for my precious Jo relics. for At half-past eight I put on my walk- I ing gear, and prepared with much sol trepidation for my adventure. As I I came down the stairs there, was am visitor's knock at the door, and who should step in-meeting me in the hall P -but Mr Andrew Jones ! we CHAPTER II. ha "Good evening, Miss Langley," said go my visitor in cheery tones; and as he Si followed me into the library, he added, "Pardon my coming so late, but I was impatient for an answer-couldn't have slept, you know, till I was certain. You-you got my letter, of course ?" "Yes," was all I could reply, in a flatter. "You have just come in? I can wait your convenience." he I "I am just going out," I stammered, of n "but not for long-a few minutes-on ar t -on-business-you know." m fHe looked surprised, probably think- p' ing I chose queer hours for business, an e but merely said, "Allow me to escort fir d you to your destination, and our little nu . talk can be got through as we walk, th f eh?" with a smile which somehow ne annoyed me. a y "'sNo, no !" I answered hastily, and ab n rudely, I suppose. "I shall not be out ha many minutes." I looked at my watch, tir d and it was ten to nine. "I must go," pc SI said. "Please excuse me, and-if rh le you like, wait till I return in-in a few a g minutes." "Very well, Miss Langley," he he d answered quietly, and took a seat, while ha t I fled away. as I would not let myself think as I on hurried towards Carlton Road; I had an r thrust my hand into my pocket, clutch- on t ing the bundle of bank notes, and al e determined to go through with what I r had began. It was moonlight, clear, st and bright. When I reached the east m end of the road, I slackened pace and m o glanced fearfully round, but no one was he if in eight except a servant maid, gossiping hi , with her neighbour at a gate, and two th o lads strolling along smoking. I walked H g round the corner, turned back, and m g passed slowly down Carlton Road a bit, m then retraced my steps, glancing around or os all the time. ti b "Twice, thrice, I went back and re- g, i- turned, the maid disappeared indoors, .o the lads had gone a good way off, and I tr ll began to fear I should never see my e d purse again, when suddenly a man with ri of a shuffling gait and hang-dog look came in in round the corner, and stopped not far ft it from where I was. fi m With my heart in my mouth, I went I Ir nearer and said, "I have come for my tl y_ purse." t: I "Right you are, Mum," he made h id answer; " where's the money ?" and he f, as held out both hands, in one of which a. er lay my purse. I put the roll of bank- R notes in his other hand, and took the n ot purse. a "Thank you, Mum. Open it and a n, see that all's right," he said, as he t of thrust the money into his pocket, and y, stood to see me examine my lost pro- n st perty. The brooch was there, and the verses, I e- and the lock of hair and my cards, and d -d -something more, something I had ad not put there, but which I recogmsed at , of once. I could not speak, I could only he gaze in horror upon the little " forget- r Ed me- not" ring which lay beside the lock st of brown hair, for I knew it as a love on token given to me by Tom, and re- f te, turned to him when my little romance n- ended. I could scarcely stand, I was so ad moved in my soul by finding the ring as there. ld " Where. how-- '" I began, turning m to the man, but he was gone, and I was re, alone. sy Then my tears broke forth in time to t rg prevent my fainting. "Oh, Tom, Tom," a I I wailed, as I leant against the wall, and remembered nothing, nothing, but nd young love, and my lost youth. "Oh, of Tom, my poor Tom I have you fallen so ew low as this ? Why did you leave me ? fll I was strong, if you were weak. I could us have kept you on the straight path. he Oh, this is cruel, terrible-oh, Tom, Tom !" t a "Marget," said a low voice near me. i's I turned, and there stood Tom, haggard re- and worn, but Tom for all that." It I caught his hand, and cried again, ie, and Tom said nothing, just stood with ly his head bent and his hand trembling in I cm my eager grasp. ny At last his silence frightened me, and it I asked, "Why have you chosen such a way as this of coming to me ? " s " Not of my choosing," he answered. to "Your purse was picked up by one of ure us," and there was a horrible tone in his 1 T. voice as he spoke identifying himself m, with thieves. "I overhaul such things. ny I recognised your brooch and card, of I is" course; aye, and the other things, en Marget. I determined you should have I ry those things restored, but-theywrangled on about the brooch, and I pledgeI myself that you would give its value in money. ut Then-because of those other relics, ng Marget-I felt a great longing to see of you again, or, at least, to let you know 0 ras something about me. So I put the ring there, and I came here, not to speak to as. you. But your tears--oh, Marget, I ke. left you not because I had ceased to love ill you, but because I knew myself un ire worthy of you. I ought not to let your we hand touch mine." to I clasped his hand tighter, and I ck saidd- Need I tell what a woman ors in such a strait says ? I think God no gave me power to speak then as I had set never spoken to anyone in my life, and ie I spoke to some purpose. " Since you have some faith in me," led said Tom, lifting his head for the first be- time, "I will try-yes, I will try hard da to retrieve. I will do as you bid. I me will, if possible, break the evil chains the with which I have enslaved myself. I'll he make a stand at last, I will! " ch, "Then come with me," I said. My I will was always stronger than his, and I the overcame his feeble scruples. I made on- him come to my house, and I led him iti- into the library, where Mr Andrew I Jones was waiting for me. ere Without a moment's hesitation, I told Eet the good man all Tom's story, how he er, had been led away by vicious companions, ey. how his people had turned him off with a out giving him a chance to retrieve, of rs our engagement, and my lost purse be everything. And as I spoke I looked de- from the one man to the other, and was conscious of a great revulsion of feeling going on within me. Something like contempt was blended with the pity I had felt for Tom; something more than respect was waking in my heart for the honest, plain gentle man who, through years of patient, honourable work, had made a position for himself which any lonely lady might L be thankful to share. "Dear Miss Langley," said Mr Jones, when I finished, " I honour you for your confiding frankness. I daresay \- I can help the-young man. I have someinfiuence-and-that sort of thing. I-hem ! I shall wait for the answer ti L my letter of last night." He took Tom away with him, and he 1 put him on a straight road, which Tom did not always keep on. But Mr Jones was patient, and always helped Tom back again. And I-well! Sentiment I got smothered, and I loved and married Mr Andrew Jones.-Jessie M. E. Saxby, in "The Scotsman." 