The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. By Una Roe, Author of "The Mysterious Whisper." Chapter XV. THE SHADOW OF DEATH. Oh, the fret of the brain ; And the wounds and the worry, And the thought of lore, and the thought of death, And the soul in its silent hurry, • And the stars break above, And the fields flower under, And the tragical life of man goes on Surrounded with beauty and wonder. Lawrence did not forget his promise to Bridget; as soon as he returned to Perth he sought t^ engage Dr. Malcolm but found, to his disappointment, that he had gone to the country for a few months; which would occasion a delay in the accom plishment of Lawrence's design and Bridget's expectations. The change to York had quite restoi'ed the failing health of Mrs. O'Connor—she looked the picture of contentment. "Love in a cottage" per sonified, as Martin observed to his wife, while Metia advanced in perfection day by day, and the baby waxed strong in wickedness. "My dear Constance, what do you suppose has happened ?" were the words with which Mr. Hesketh greeted his lady one morning, as he entered the house, after being absent for a few days in Fremantlo. •5 Something very exciting, I am sure," replied Constance. " To judge from your appearance you have not slept all night, and your coat, I perceive is torn and blackened. Dear Martin, what has hap pened ?" , " The Hampton Hotel was burned to the ground last night." " Hawkshawe's Hotel ? And yon aided in the work of rescue ? O Martin, have you sustained any serious injury ?" " No, my lady ; calm your fears. Beyond a: scratch or two, and this scar on my face I escaped all harm. Lai and I were exert ing our best efforts to save them—the man and his wife." " And did you succeed ? That miserable Mary Ann, she could not expect better fortune. But were they saved ?" "Listen; Lai dicl his best to rescue Hawkshawe, but the fellow went raving mad, swore that Lai was a ghost and had come back to torture him, howled like a maniac, and threw himself alive into the hottest part of the fire ; as for the miser able Mary Ann, I liad the honor of bearing her out of the flames, but she was terribly injured, and did not live through the night." ," Died without a priest, Martin"Was she conscious ."Aye, conscious to the last; called me ' Master,' begged my pardon, asked for a priest. Lai went for him. It was pouring rain then, poor Lai came back drenched to the skin, and his reverence arrived only just in time. Miss Moffat expired as Father McCabe left the house again; I was with her. She spoke once of you, said she was sorry, and begged me to tell you 30\. Thanked and blessed me and Lai, and died the death of the just—Requiescat in pace." ;"Amen. She may indeed tliank you, you saved her body and soul, but it was a fearful death to come by." "She had more reason to thank Lai. The poor fellow ran for the priest at the risk of his life—he has a fearful cold this morning. His poor little wife will be anxious about him. You go over and see them to-day, dear. Now, how do you think the fire originated ?" •"The very question I was about to put. Is it known ?" " Without a doubt; Mary Ann told me herself. She was at the bellows as usual, blew the chimney on fire, which was the beginning of the conflagration. In less than an hour the building resembled a lighthouse to sailors afar. There was no saving the house. The last tune lias been played, the musical instrument destroyed liked the phoenix—but, alas, will not rise like the phoenix." "Martin, you must rest. I will take care of you this morning, and will go to see Lawrence this afternoon." "Yes do, I am anxious. The least cold Lai lias flies to his lungs, and you women are wonderful helps in sickness. Put the bright side out to Eileen, and bring back Mena with you if she is in her mother's way at home, just for a few days you know, till Lai is quite well again." Lawrence was really very ill. For weeks and weeks he lay a helpless prisoner tended by Eileen's loving hands. Mena being given over to the tender mercies of the Heskeths, and little Patrick to the guardianship of Aunt Kate. The crisis came at last; Lawrence began to recover, and was able to leave his room and walk a little distance leaning on his wife's aim, or his strong blackthorn stick. He would have the children home now, and persua ded Eileen-to, go out sometimes, lest she should fall ill in her turn. 'So" by degrees he seemed to grow better, yet his cough never: left? him, .and at times/a spasm of pain crossed bis face, which sign of suffer ing he did his best to hide from Eileen. He was always cheerful and hopeful before her, still he improved too slowly to allay her fears. "I see that Dr. Malcolm is in Perth again," said Mr. O'Connor one day as he and Eileen were alone at breakfast. " I will go and see him. And you, dear, will you walk down to your father's bye- and bye and bring Bridget here ? She can stay with us for a few days while Dr. Malcolm attends her. I daresay he will come to-day or to-morrow." "Are yon fit to go so far, Lawrence. Will the walk tire you ?" " No, dear, I think it will do me good. It is not very far, and I can walk slowly/' " I will go with you, Lawrence, and go for Bridget afterwards." " Ah, but I want you to go for her this morning. He may come back with me, or want her to go to him, and there would be a delay. No, I can manage very well. The fresh air will do me no harm." Eileen said no more, but watched him depart with an aching pain of heart. His steps were so feeble, lie leaned heavily on his stick, and she heard that cruel cough till ho had turned the corner of the road. Lawrence had a motive for wishing to go alone besides the excuse he had given to Eileen. He intended to consult the doctor on his own behalf. He feared the worst for himself, but wished to ward the blow off from her as long as possible. He would fain know what might be done to save him. Eileen and Bridget waited for Lawrence for two hours after the usual dinner time. " I think I had better go to meet him," said Eileen, at last, and she rose to prepare for the walk when she heard his step in the hall. He came slowly toward her. Mena and baby jumped up form a corner to meet him, Mena clasping his hand and baby holding him by the leg and shouting with glee. " Eileen, take the little ones away, and come back to me in tbe sitting-room, I want you." He said no more, but having been released from the children's embraces went on into the room where Bridget sat alone. He greeted her kindly, but in a tired voice, and soon she went softly away. Lawrence leaned his head on his hand and closed his eyes. He opened them again to find Eileen kneeling beside him. He put one arm round her and rested his head on her hair. Neither of them spoke for a few minutes, then Lawrence began in the kindest and gentlest tone and manner— "Will you bear it bravely for niv sake and the children s r " Yes. Lawrence," in a very low voice, scarcely audible. " There is no hope for me, Eileen. I must prepare for death." Just one low cry. Then she bent her head on his knee and made no sound. He held her hand in both liis not breaking the silence. By degrees she grew calm, looked up at him and assured him that she would be brave and a consolation to him, that she would try to forget herself, and think only of him and their children. " I will not dwell on my own sorrow, dear Lawrence," she said. " I will strive to be your faithful and loving companion to the very end. Do you dread the approach of death, dearest love ?" " Not in the least, Eileen. Death offers me no terrors. I hope I am quite resigned. God knows best, and we all belong to Him absolutely. I have been thinking it over for days. I can look death in the face calmly now, Eileen, but my heart bleeds for you." It was all true; Lawrence O'Connor's days were numbered. The. doctor said lie had been keeping up too long and exerting himself too much. He was in a rapid decline, he must give himself up to be nursed. Lawrence was very patient, very thoughtful for others in all his sufferings and weariness. Everything that could be done for him was done, he had every attention. Eileen hardly ever left his side, and then only at his earnest entreaty, when Mrs. Hesketh would take her place, and sometimes the blind girl would sit beside his couch, and wait upon him too. Dr. Malcolm had taken Bridget's case in hand at once. He hoped eventually to cure her. An operation had already been performed, but Bridget could not see yet. She wore a bandage over her eyes, and was on no account to remove it until after a certain time had elapsed, and then only in a darkened room. Lawrence took great interest in this case, it was the last act of charity of his waning life. He inquired of Bridget every day how matters were progressing and earnestly hoped she might see him before he died. " Bridget," said he, as she sat near him one sunny afternoon, "years ago I would have given you my eyes were it possible. Now while light will soon be taken from mine, it is coming back to yours, as though we made an exchange, or your restored vision were a gift I were bequeathing." " You will soon be free, Lawrence; an un limited vision will be yours, your spirit will not be limited to gaze through two narrow windows.' You mil think of us, Lawrence, we who loved you oh earth and who look for ward to meeting you in heaven ?" " I shall never forget, and I ask the same kindness from you—forget me not. And I ask you as my dying request, to console my dear wife. I trust you for that, Bridget. Now I have a small favor to request. We are alone, are we hot ?" "Yes; Eileen has gone out with Mrs. Hesketh. They hftva taken the 'children with them. Martin "ahd Eafe hre coming this evening, ■ but have. nbfc ^arrived yet. There is no one in the house but the servant. Well?" " I "want you to sing to me; sing that song, ' Beautiful Isle of the Sea.' It was the first ever I heard you sing—on the day when I met Eileen, coming up from the river-bank with the violets in her hand, when the won my heart for ever. Will you sing me that song, Bridget ?" And Bridget complied with his request. When she had finished, he lay with his eyes closed, and Bridget did not disturb him. But he spoke again in a little while. " Bridget, when did Dr. Malcolm say you could take off the bandage ?" " In three more days ; and then, he tells me, I shall see." " Three days," repeated Lawrence. " I do not think I shall last so long." Henceforth Bridget's prayer was that he might live for those three days. During these, his last days on earth, the beauty of Lawrence's character shone with a greater lustre than it had ever done before. The Christian virtues were deeply engraven in his soul, and the near light of the other world brought out the golden characters in soft and beautiful relief. His union with God was unceasing. It had never been his custom to parade his devotion, but it was there all the same. Now he found solace and companionship in holy thoughts and pious aspiration. When he thought he was alone the words of love and devotion escaped his lips and brought the tears to the eyes of his faithful wife, who was sure to be near at hand. In these days, too, a closer bond of union was knit between these two. They understood each other better than ever before. He helped her in one way, as she ministered to him in another, for many were the lessons he taught her from his death-bed, preparing her for that future time, when he should be no longer with her visibly, though ever united to her in the Communion of Saints. (To be Continued.) 