SYLVIA MONK'S CRIMIE, WVhat self-sacrifice ?' asked the girl, in sharp tones. 'Are 'you. capable of a sublime self-ab negation?' a;sked Monk, his black eyes all aflame. ' Can you immolate Self on the altar Ql your husband's happiness. I have thotijht that there was in you the stuff of which martyrs are made; but, bah, you are likeall the rest, regardful only of your own petty love. . And yet there bave been women who bav? sacrificed themselves for their husbands-' 'Gilbert, what do you mean ?' Bernice cried, her voice ringing sharply. ' What waq your last act before falling into the trance in which you were consigned to the tomb ?' asked Monk, in a stern voice. Be?rniee seemed about to answer, but paused, deathly white. 'Ybu rememher. Your last act was to clasp the hands of Chetwcynd and Sylvia Monk together. And what were your last words ?' - -No' answer came from the girl's white lips She began to understand his drift. ' Your ilast words were to beg Chetwynd, after a suitable season of mourning for you, to marry Sylvia isonk,' said Gdlbert. ' Was it not'so?' Berhice oaked at him dumbly, a world of gathering woe in her great vivid eyes. \- Ycudo not contradict me. Your last act before:your seeming death was to reunite those two who had been so terribly parted. And they were glad that you gave tIem back Sto e?'ch other. Aler conrsigring you to the burial vault Chetw~,yc reiurned home and had a priv?ite intervitew with Sylvia. I that interview fall was imade straight between them. Chetwynd thought it better to spend the year :of his mourning abroad, and he went. HIe, would not expose his future w fe to malicious comment. He returned to-day. This very evening Chetwynd and Sylvia renewed their formerengagemnnt. Your day is past-??-itis anothes's now I Your place is filled. You are not wanted here. The revelation that you live will only bring dismiay and horror. Bernice, from my sous I pity you. My'heart bleeds for you I' The girl dropped silently on her knees in the wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. 'There have been women,' said Monk, after a long silence,.' so self- abnegating that upon such a return to life they would go away in silence, without revealing the blasting seciet of their continued life. Are there such women now ?' .There iwas a long and- terrible pause. Monrik waited in breathles ssuspense for her response, but he had long to-wait. At last hier low ahd broken voice cut sharply through the stillness, with the words : . But lam his wife, you know, We said, .until death do us part,'and I'm notdead, Gilbeit. .His second marriage while I live would be illegal.' SNpt so. I)Death annuls all ties. You s?eemed to die, and were buried. You are supposed to be dead - you are dead, in the eyes of the law,' said the villain, with an air of relnciant sainceiity. ' If you were to re ape~lre it is possible that your mairiage cerenisoy might have to be performed again to ial?.eybu Chetwynd's wife. I repeat, thbat in th ?e:ts of the law you are dead. Chet. -wynd'akccond ':arriage would be legal -and valid . ( The girl; brought up in a far island.of the liea, knowing no hingabout law, profoundlyig forantiapon many points oh which an 'nglish ichoobgirlfis well informed, having implicit celiance :pon and faith in the man who had res?iedher from the tomb, believed him ! 'I will:go away,' she said, in a voice so steange that Moak scarcely recognised it. 'I am dead in the eyes of the law. It will be no criie for them to marry. I beard him ca!l' her his' promised wife'; I saw him kiss heir. They shall be happy. I love him so wel ithat I will die even for his sake !' . And you will go back to Mawr Castle? T'' he.girl nodded dumbly. 'I'll find FIlck. He shall hire a carriag , ,nd:drive you to some station beyond East hoirne.' It would not be well for you to be seen even 'at Eastbourne, Flack will .ise. c:rupany, you back to the castle. You have ;dby a ebrav , grand and noble thing in giving up Roy, Bernice. I admire you tor y'our publime self.sacrutice. I ciimake your futur.iby charge. I will be your brother, witPiwitch over you anid try to make youb hqappi. Wait here, Bernice, while I go to -FTick and send-him for the carriage. I will retur? 'and see you safely out -and on' your wayvji'l hun m. Bernice agi-s nodded assent,- and he went -out, leavoing her alone in :the bare, cold rdboof' fin' the pale stream of moonlight. .: Hl He miade his wir thdwn to the edge of the. park, lti.iind reaCily found Flack, who was srsrokilig a pipe in the shadov of the trees Mo'iik ; communicated the. fact ' of hlii? tucess, and -sent. bis ally. to :the little?? inn at Chetwiynd·by-sea fpr :the r-quir ':,-' car-irge. Having seen ham rij· .irisruc:ted, Monk stole back again iiito tlie h ,use.. All was still now in rdmols ard o-ridors. H: crept along the diu )lassages, and ascended the.stairs to the attics. H?e'sntsred the little roomL in which he: had -left iBerritee. . She wis niot tihe-re i 'le stodd as if trans. fixed . SWh';t had happiened ? l-I.d she been dis cove?Fd ?. Had. she repented her self sacrifi- -? , :I~tis iv.ld eyes detected the gleam of paper onn' theoflbr in thk b-oad she 1 of the mnon ight.. .i-lb houdried tow.ird it and picked it p.p It wlas a leaf fi.itn Lrrasice's note-b(o'e, andpti?rer was writingo:un it;. He struck B 'fus?d aid read ihe iiregularly sciawvld wbrds, Theybitl been r?ritten by Bertiice, aind.wer: as follows: .GH.sE~T :. I have given hi- up. I sbnhall iespect iny oath not to reveal my identity; but-I:-ipnorot leave him yet. One more lock i' his detar face--to hear tiisvoice again--o seethijin sleepitg--surely I may be permitttd thehle Writhiut fear of wronging any one. Do nrot sbarch for me, I may go back to Mawr Castll in tiime-ioot now, My only thought now. s'that he is here and I must be near Shimi, .myself unseen.' SThatii was all. Monk sought for her through allithe hours of that night. - He listened at Ctelt'ynd's door; he was in an agony of un rest, hndforebodingfar his searcb was vain. He did .ot fiud her I - . . cAPTEttR XtV - :,.4REALITY U5ISER THE SEEMINo. UPvra the morning aftle the double appear aice of the ' Spectre' of Lady Chetwynd at Chetwvynd Park, the family met at the break fast- table at the usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face of having passed a sleepless and anxious night. The young marquis had been so abtsorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night, as to have forgotten his second betrdtinal to Miss Monk. B:st Sylvia, as may be supposed,: had not fo'gotten it. There was a tenderiess in her manner, a soft reliance upon - hbinia loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd the fact that she was his betrothed wife.- His face, however, did no' brighten at the remem. brance, and the haggard look in his blue eyes even deepened. He was strangely silent throughout the meal, although. Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, who came in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast Miss Monk took Lord Chetwynd's arm with the air of one having a right to its support, and walked through the great hall to the winter morning-room. 'Oh, Roy,' she said, 'how happy I am ! Your wife, and mistress of Chetwynd Park ? Lie holds no joys that can compare with these. And, Roy, don't think me unmaidenly if I speak to you regarding our betrothal. As the poor dependenl, my life is a bIurden to me. I think it would be lair and just to me thlat our engagement should be proclaimed at once. My position will tihen be made clear, and I shall not feel compelled to seek other shelaer. Chetwynd winced a little. He would have preferred not to announce his engagement of marriage so soon aftec his rettiri home, but he reluctaintly acquiesced to Miss. Monk's desire. 'I knew you would think as I do,' said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction. ' I presumed upon your consent to my wisbee, and have already communicated the fact of our en gagement to Mrs. Skewer and'to Ragee. I shall write a note to Lady Welby to-day, informing her also, and she will spread the news tbroughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to see mre at once. And, Roy, when she asks me how soon we are to be married, what shall I say to her?' Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. SI do not know-I had not thought,' he said. ' I leave the date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will be agreeable to ?ue.' ' Then let me say this day two months,' said Miss Manik, vivaciously. ' It is now March. Wr: will be married In May, in the season of early flowers and good weather. \Ve will have a grand breakfast hlere at the Park, and ag:arden party, a dinner and a ball, to celebr:ate our marriage. And we will then go to the Continent for the suminer1 dividing our time between Baden-Baden, Spa, Wiesbaden, Vichy and Trouville. I will do you credit, Roy. I shall be gay and charm. ing, ind as sumptuously dressed as Fugenie in the height of her glory. Ah, that reminds mre,' and she clasped her jewelled hands more tightly on the ,sarquis's arm, and regarded him with an affectation of shyness and em barrassmenst, 'I would like to assime my new rank and position with suiiable paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word ?' and she forced a laugh. ' I am already a peasioner on your bounty,'.Roy-' ' Not so, Sylvia. Do not use an expression like that. You have been a detr sister to me, and have occupied an honoured position in my household. You have been no pensioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you should have a suitable trousseau,' and he sighed heavily. 'I will give you a blank cheque today, and you can order your jewels, shawls, laces, and the rest, at your pleasure.' Spylvia fairly beamed upon him in her delight and gratitude. She flung her arms round his neck and kissed him. He returned the caress in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that at another tiue would have angered her. She talked to him gaily for a while, until the bailiff marle his appearance, and then she glided away to her room triumph antly happy. SEverything is going on splendidly, Ragee,' she said, enterinr, her dressing- room with a wild wal:z. 'Chetwynd consents to the immediate announcenaent ofour engagement ; and I have appointed this day two months for the mnarriage. LIe will give me a blank cheque today for my troussead. He-cannot retreat now. I am sure to 'be Lady Chet wynd, Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help me.to make out my list lortorders and saopping. We have time enough to study the mystery afterwards.' Miss Monk sat dlown at. her desk and wrote an affectionate little rote to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her esgugement or marriage to Lord Chetivynd. Her next letters were to milliners atid dressmakers, ordering a magnificent triousseau; . She also w•rote to various business hoises ins London for samples of goods and garments to be sent to Chetwynd Pal: for heri ipspection, thus ordering jewels, bhawls,.rare laces, and a host of rther feminine adornmeats. She went down to luncheona, nmeeiig the marquts, Gilbert Monk .and Mr. :Sanders, who had been invited ta're ntain. It was evident that the bailiff fad nolt becn informed of ithe new relations existiqg between his employer and Sylvia. The young lady awaited odlv an opportun!Fi D piroclaim her giood fortune, which soon occurred, and the b.iliffhastened to ofifer his cobgratulations Alter the repast, Gldbert .Iloik withdrew apparently to his own r'oom and was seen no nuore .until dinner. The intervening hours were actually spent by hitn in an examination of the 'disused portions of thegrand old house in the honpe of fiiding Betmice. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired.to lhis room that night with a sense of disappointmient, half cOn.vinc'd that he had been 'inet:d the victim' .f a freak of a disdrdered imagination. Yet hesat late before !he fire in his bed. chamber, with his eyes fixed:with intense ex pectancy upon lse doas of:;'the bathroom, praying that the "illusion might be repeated, He prayed in vain ;The fire burned low on his hearth The silesce of midnight lay ike a spell upon the house, anrd yet his straining eyes failed to.behold the.vision they longed nor. And at last, wearied.and hope. less, he flang himself on 'hiscouch and drop ped into a troubled sleep'. . - He had been slumbering -ntre titan an hour, and his deepening breathing sounded through the hushed room, and the light burned low, and the 'erbrs were dying on the hearth, when the doi;rof the dressing room softly opened, and 'the ' spectre' stole into the rooim. No ingtinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his heart stirred not as she stole thidough the dimness -like a ghost, indeed-'o his side, and bent above him in an agony sf lovis and tender. ness. Hn?r.kisses fell like soog"flakes, softly on his hair, his face, his hands, and be felt them not. He had ben miuch awake on the previous night, and Naturel sis r?ow taking her recompeanse. : i My darling.l Oh, niy .arling I was the mute cry that filled B:rliti'a heart. 'The n:w love will never wilship .yio a's the old love did.' Sylvia canit:.u ndycstand you as Bernicedid. Oh, it isis buid lo be thought dead; and yet to live-to know that regret for one is ovdyer, and thit" oie is. no longer missed. It is hard to see one's place filled -to know that ainothei's £caresses are dearer now, anuther's voice sweetestSt another's love most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh, God ! Why did I not-die?' Shite bowed her head, and her :tears drop. ped like a silent rain upoh the fair' gaolden hair of her young husband. And he who loved her better than his life lay there sleep ing heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exbaustion fettered him as a drug might have doie. Bernice kissed his hands softly. She yearned over hinm. And }et she d:re:l not betray to him her presence. Her oath restraitid her. A little weile she lingered, until he stirred uneasily in his sleep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing.room, She had hidden in the attics all day. She was cold, and bungry, having eaten nothing since the previous day. She stood before the hearth in her dressingroom in an attitude of flight, harkening intently, and warming herself. There was a silver tray upon the table, with a half bottle of wine and some biscuits, which had been brought up by the butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the butler having observed how little his lordsbip had eaten at table since his return home. This little attention to the marquis stood Bernice in good stead. She drank a portion of the wine and.ate the biscuits as she grew warm and ccmlortable. But she might not linger here. It was time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. She had chosen to lay it aside during her night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to hbe taken for a spectre. The cloak was not warm enough to protect her from the chill of the damp unused rooms which she made her haunt, and she stole now to one of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower drawer in which she had kept her. shawls. The shawls were there now as she had left them. Her dresses hungin the press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fifine had arranged them. She took out an Indian cashmere shawl which Chetwphd had bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around htier. Then she closed' the drawer, and crept to the door and listened. Not a sound was to be heard without. She opened the door and crept out into the hall, stealing along in the diinoess like a swift shadow. She crossed the wide hall to place herself at greater distance from Chet wynod's rooms, and so unconsciously passed close to the doors of the suitsoccupied by Miss Monk She passed the dressingroom and bed chamber of her East Indian rival, her heart beating, it seemed to her, lik'e a drum. As she came abreast the door of.. Miss Monk's bath-room, whichI had bees' ijar all the evening, it silently opened, and the witch-like figure of old Ragae crept ou- like a flash. Bernice caught a glimpse only ot the dusky East Indian face, which resembled a face cut out of a walnut more than anything else, a red turban, a pair of outstretched hands, and the gleam of sinister eyes,, and then she flew before her strange pursuer, without a word of outcry. The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching ber shawl. Bernice loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, like the white spectre she seemed. She hurried into the branching corridor in a panic, but the old woman did not pursue her. Ragee clutchedt the'shawltightlyin her arms and hurried back into the' bath-room. No one had been aroused. She went into Miss Monk's bed-chamber. 'Sylvia was sitting up in bed, anxious and expectant.. Well?' said the young lady, impatiently. You have watched all the evening, Ragee, depriving me of my sleep, and what good have you gained by it ?' 'Tiss!' cried old Ragee, dashling the shawl down upon the bed. ' Do you not know that shawl? I have just seen the spectrel I It came out of the late Lady Chetwynd's dressingroom. It was dressed in white, only it wore this shawl to protectit from the cold. It crossed the hall. When it came alongside the bath- room I darted our and grasped the shawl, dragging it from its shoulders. The spectre was flesh and blood!-the shawl proves that. 1' saw its face; it was white with terror; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the face of Lady Chetrwyndl-thbe-face of the lividg mar chioness ! It is as I have believed. Gilbert Monk over-heard our i.scheming, and outwitted us. The girlt is alive, Itell you! Why she does not reveal herself to her buband I cannot imagine. She has but to speak to send you,.and me to pris.m. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made a real. ity !' . CHAPTER XV. THE NEW CELEBRITY.'. WE have now to relate the experience of Mr. Tempest, tbe great explorer of China and Tartary, who had been the travelling com panion of Lord Chetwynd upon the return to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, and his explorations and discoveries. bad' made a great sensation in the scientfit world. He had sent some books to be published under the auspices of the Royal Geographical Society, and his name bad become in England a household word. Upon the morning after the departure of Lord Cbetwynd tor Sussex-the morning after Mr. Tempest had read in the newspaprr of that disaster at sea in wbich.Mr. and Mrs. Gwellan had perished-the great explore'r exhumed hts manuscripts, diaries and reports from his portmanteau, and made his way to the headquarters of the Royal Geographical Society. He found himself receiv.d with flAtteiing attentiens. Members throneed around him to shake hands with him. Bef6re he left tbh Saciety rooms be had received a dozen invi tations to dinner from men of rank and learn ing. Tempest would have declined them all. His heart was sore with the recebt wpound in flicted by the riotice of 'I Bernice Giellan's' death. He wanted to return quietly whence he had come, but so many 'Fellows ' of the R. G. S. combined to combat his resolves that he consented to remain a month in Eng land at the least, and accepted an invitation to dine with a learned F. R. G S.-one Sir Harry Fortescue- that very day, and an invitation for the marrow 'with a' atty of scientific gentlemnen. 'You look harassed, Tempest,' said Sir Harry Fortescue, as at last he ivalked.out of the society rooms arm in arm with the great explorer, on their way to the baronet's club, into which Timpest bad been persuaded to '.drop ' for an hour. 'You think;'we shall run )oa to death, but wheni the ladies -the most indefatigable lion hunters in the world -come upon you, you will have'tb surrender at discretion. Have you bteeinmuch in English society, mj dear sir ? .. S' Not of late years,' replied Mr. Tempest. I don't like society, Sir Harry.' My fifteen years, more or less, in Tartary, have riot fitted mne to grace a lady's boudoir. I should like to ask after a few whom I remember, As yet I have made no inquiries. Woer- is young Lord Grafton nowadays ?' ' Dead. He died ten years since.' 'Indeed I' said the explorer. "Can you tell me anything 'of the Riglit tIonorb:e Mrs, Molyneux, a great beauty and belle a dozen years ago?' He asked the question with seeming care lessness and indifference, his' ice averted. He might have inquired, judging from his tone, after some chance acquaintance of former times. But his face had grown, sud denly pale, his forehead was dewed with sweat, and his 'mouth quivered under his beard. He awaited the baronet's answer in a breathless suspense. TO DE CONTINUED. Auckland, W'edneeday.-President Cleveland, it is learnt from American flies to hand by the R.M.S. Muriposa, Ihas written a letter to the Demoeratio Party Organisation, in which ha formally declines nomination for a third terme of the Presidentlal oftise. 