TORF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. 11 v "M'.nwam DoiiMin." 51k. .Tu.-TR'f: M'Swr* key's bay colt Arolia proved himself to 1ih the best of the Hopeful Stakes candidates nvcr five furlongs of ground, albeit he ran so " green " licth in tlifi men itself and in the run-olf that Ins hackers were somewhat fortunate in that. Mark Thompson's bay gelding Sayles (by L'R-hiei—1,-ilaj just inissed downing him. Ai'.oiia is by Ma'.ua from Jlara, and was bred by Mr. S. I.;.' I^oiik- (of Pytchley .'.lodge, Newniaiket. and AVaveriey Pari;, Sandrinuhauj). Mara was an ex.'client performer herself in her day, ar.d her breeding lines (by The Ace, her dam Jewess. by Panic, from IIa\ flower, i>y King Alfred I'rnin -hade, by Gohanna, a fon of Wanderer, from 1! lEaliell"'. by Peter Kin frmn imported Merino, by Wiialehonei are fo undeniably stout liiatone iiihv i iir.fi lenlly prndicr. a very successful Turf career for Mr. ,\i'Sweeney's colt. Mb. M'?\veknky has been remarkably lucky with )lis inin-iM.il'* at Mr. 0..okV yearling sales; as he secured Arilii (a M -iribyrnong Plate winner) oh his initial venture, ivhiht in Aroha and 'Pawert (by Malua frmn Kortuno Teller—full sistw t" Tiie Charmer, the dam of The Enchanter! he has likewise, scored winning brackets. In fact, purchasers of tile \V«rnrJej- l'urk stock have, so far. done better when racing them than the-a or I hy pri prietor himself. And f hf-reJty hangs a tab;, iiast. Friday morning, on Flemington training tra>-k. I <*•«•= having a "pitch" to Mr Thomas \Vil?< 11, of liallarat ("Mount Pisgah 'loniniv). ami in tin- /•ntiree of conversation, while chatting on the heavy state of the sand gallop at iieAiiijUsrfer'K as couipirtfi with previous vearp, the. veteran remarked—" 1 don't believe in working horse.- on heavy going. It may not break them down : but it makes them leg-weary, and in courie of tiiu^ slow. Tfiat's iv)?y ! don't bsliere in Mordiallnc as a training ground; the sandy soil is too draining altogether: although ct late years I'VulfWd has vastly improved in this respect." *' JjOok again at Sain Oook down at Sandringliaiu, * continued the aucient Ballarat sportsman. ' Sam thought he was doing a good tiling by having a track of his own by the sea-shore, whore hii horses wmild have the benefit of the beautiful sea-air. Hut to my way of thinking horses don't want beautiful sea-aii -. they are not fishes, and weie meant to roam about on the plains and amongst the woods of the interior—not alongside the ocean at all. No! No! ' he remaiked; " Sara Cook breeds them right enough, but his private track at Sandrinaham is a big mistake, and 1 wonder he doesn't fiad it out himself." The Leger was a most Unsatisfactory Race to everybody—save, of course, Mr. Humphrey Oxenhain and the members of the King. I don't know that Wallace would have won the event had Gough not allowed Cabin Boy to whip-in such a bit' break on him up the straight (the first, time) and along the river side. When W. Delaney saw how matters wera going he naturally failed to hustle Waterfall along, or had he done so Wallace would undoubtedly have followed suit. Personally 1 thought Waterfall would win, as ha was the best colt. 1 still think that he is a better colt than Wallace: but, like a great many more, } never for one moment imagined that the threeyear-old son of <107.0 and Kathleen (Cabin Boy to wit) was as good a stayer under b.10 as I10 proved himself to be. The time IS!) was Five Seconds slower than Preston's record last year, although very cieditable nevertheless; but, taking all the circumstances of the case into consideration, the Error of Judgment committed by ,1. Gough (perchance under instructions from the stable to "Shepherd Waterfall") was inexcusable. Jamcs JhsvFKtnx'n Ma)us—Madcap nick has been a remarkably happy one : Malvolio having annexed a Melbourne Cup, and his full sister— Malum* — a Newmarket Handicap. " T'ould Tyke " has also proved to demonstration that " moonlight gallops" Are Not Always a Mistake; for, canning as the Cmlfuld touts and trainers are, I believe I am right in averring that only ono of them—Sir Isaac de KouJshain — ever succeeded in " snicking " Maluina : s gallop. i'es, thu wary Ike "got it" right enough; and lie likewise got some Tongue Pie from Jim I ieJfoarn iiuuiediately afterwards—or else a little dickey-bird has been warbling a "fairy" to me. llowerer, Jiidfaarn wade no secret of fcbft filly's superexcellenee when talking to his friends, and thp triumphant yell which arose when it was perceived that Maluma could stay as long as a lady a draper's'shop was si tpecaal recognition on the part of the general public that the Heverley Lodge stable had once more proved true to its traditions. Tub New South Wales men bad brought down a real good one in Cotirallie: but after half a furlong had been traversed there was Only One in it; and that one— Malnma. Tub Newhaven people declined to meet Coil at 1-Hh. disadvantage in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and those punters who laid 2 to 1 on Mr. W. Bailey's colt (it would have been 100 to !> on in England under similar conditions!) landed their fpoil right handsomely. Natheless one Very Long Limb of the Law. who had laid JElO to 20 on the favourite, experienced a very bad five-andtwenty seconds through getting "mixed up" over the colours, and mistaking the white jacket and brown cap of Fucilefor the black jacket with red sash and white cap of Coil. Sijch glowing accounts bad appeared in the morning and weekly pflpereas to the Tremendous Form Hova had been displaying on the Flemington training-track that punters felt not the slightest chill of doubt when laying 2 to 1 on the son of fngomar and Happy Land against five opposers in the E^sendon Stakes, of a mile and a-nalf. Auraria had been far from herself during the week : but as neither the Quiver nor the Preston folk cared about staking on their prads against the supposed " moral certainty," it was small cause for wonderment that the South Australian filly should start at 5's and Quiver at N's. Jfayes pursued the same old waiting tactics with the favourite; Auraria leading from Preston, Elswick and Quiver, wifli Havoc last. They were lruin. 25J3RC. out on their journey when the sixfurlong post was reached, but on approaching it Quiver put 011 a full head of steam, and before Hayes could respond the doughty daughter of Trenton and Tremulous was some eight lengths in advance of Jiovo, and sweeping along 'ike a tornado. As a matter home the last tliree-quarkers of" wile in 1 win. ].").l«ec., and—phenomenal brilliancy though Hova jiops^sses—it was expecting altogether too much from him to suppose that he could successfully compete against sueii a dasli of foot'located where lie was at the time Charley Ettridge made his effort. As far an tlio win was concerned, Jjmmy Wilson's filly won very, very comfortably; thus affording another object lesson as to tlie Autumn of the year bung the period when the proverbially " kittle cattle " are at their best. 1 l'ti.T satisfied both The ljnchanter and Disfigured woeld run forward in the iirunswick Stakes, whilst at the saruo Lima being very firm in the faith that.U r arpaint would he nearly certain to '• scoop "-ri handicap duritigtlie meeting. A furlong from home it looked Mick Usoley to a Chinaman 011 Mr. Ji^mes AVilson's aged daughter of Malua and progressive; but Teddy Power fairly lifted Warpaint along in the last filty yaids, and managed to bring the Chester—Wheel of Fortune horse " heads And -tails " past the post with Disfigured ; The Enchanter beiog third, two lengths away, Pilot Hoy fourth, Music fifth, and Trentside sixth, with iliraclutn whipping in ten others ; time, 2uiin. lOsec. A viKM) of HG horses coming Btraight-on to you for three-rjuarters of a mile takes a Hit of Calling (in Press Parlance, " nominating the positions of ' the horses"), but in Mr. Uiierley the Press boys have a friend "nkalled by few and excelled by none" in this particular connection. Well, I was sitting plump (I always do sit "plump," bythc-way') alongside of him on Saturday jotting down the words of racing wisdom which over and anon fell from his lips, but failed to catch Pilatus' name till towards the finish of the great six furlong dash, From which I opine Pilatus couldn't have got too well away, or else was unfortunate in not being able to get a clear run until towards the fag end of the journey. The three year-old gelding (by Chester—Etna) came like a lion from the half distance, though ; conclusive testimony that the St. Albane people knew they had a pretty fair article "on tap" when they backed him to win them those thousands the night before the battle. Artist carried Tommy Wilson's polish in the Hurdle Race on Tuesday, and was only Once Headed during the journey ; Figaro, who vacillated from Last to First, then back again, and finally finished up second, mystifying bis backers in a most perplexing manner. Coil's perfotmance in the Ascot Vale Stakes was Too Had to bo his Correct Form. At his very best it is questionable whether be would have stood any stow against Newhaven, who made perfect hacks of the opposition; but the fact of Kobold runniug second and Coil fourth at a difference of 31b. only (including gelding allowance) caused Tom Payten's usually placid brow to be " sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought" for some time after the event. Wallace ran a Tremendous ltace towards the conclusion of the Australian Cup, which was all the moie remarkable seeing that he had Sst. 101b. in the saddle, and that four furlongs froui home Jauies Gough was hard at him to keep bis position at all. Quiver rounded into the straight looking all over a winner, until it was perceived that Idolater was on her trail likes sleutb-bound ; and below the distance Mr. Philip Kustell's chestnut son of Nawmmster and Nina had her apparently settled. Up to within fifty yards of the winning post Idolater had the race at his mercy ; but all at once he died away to nothing, and Wallace, who finished with a, gampuess worthy of bis illustrious sire, as near as a toucher euchred him on the post, Judge M'CuIlocb's fi-oi being " Idolater by half a head." Thk time—3mim. 5!Usec.—has Only Once Been Equalled—namely, by Dreadnought in lH'.iO. Hut then Dreadnought only carried 8?t. (iib., whilst Wallace humped 8st. J01b,; so that in real point of merit Mr. W. R. Wilson's gallant three-yearold has somewhat the best of it. A stride past the post Wallace was a quarter of a length to the good. Mr Particular Wizard—W. Douglas—Managed to Fluke Home again; this time on Quickliijbt. It must have been a Fluke, don'tcherknow ; for quite a number of my friends, who know all about the game, assure me that Douglas Can't Ride a Little Bit; hie only qualification as a steeplechase rider being the possession of a Cast-iron Hull. Now that's a Most Astonishing Thing when you come to think what a number of crosscountry events Douglas has won Bince first I dubbed him a Steeplechasing Wizard in these columns ,1 few months ago. Most astounding ! Can't possibly account for it ! It must bo the Truth that he can't ride, because it has been handed down from father to son for generations that Truth is Stranger than Fiction. Aye ! aye ! So it is. And, another thing I Truth is also a Grpat Strangei—to so me people. Lookimj at the result ol the Hourke Handicap, won by Maluma with Eijjht Eleven in One Minute Twenty-eight and a-Quarter seconds, What a Certainly the Newmarket Handicap must have been for .Jim lledfearn's filly with Thirteen Pounds Less < n Her Hack. And What Sort of a Race did young W. Redfearti ride on Hoth Occasions - Spare my days ! The younker kept, just within striking distance until it was the exact moment, to hustle along, and then—whizz ! he was through the field and up top with the celerity of a streak of greased lightning. The third and fourth davB - racing at Flemington should provide excellent sport, and dealing with the events it is possible to express an opinion anent I shall select:— To dat (Thursday). Second Hiiiidlk Rack (about three miles).— Aitist, Pilot Hoy, Navarino Maiden Stakes (one mile).—Ilchester, Koran Alone. AvrvniN Handicap (one mile and five furlongs)—Damien, Hirksgate, Foxtail. Cha mi'jon Stakes (three miles)—Quiver, Wallace, Dreamland. NunsEiiy Handicap (seven furlongs) —Thunder Queen, Ammunition, Spindrift. Thk KivBtt Handicap (one mile and a-quarter). —The Enchanter, Damper, Laura. SA'rUJlDAY. All-Aqf.d Stakes.—Newhaven, Hova, Wallace. Loch Plaje.—Hova, Quiver, Auraria, As the backers of Wallace and Hova experienced o their cost last Saturday—To Part is the Lot of Mankind. And after a connection extending over welve years with MHLnoDnvE Punch, the place that knew " Nunquam Dorinio" will know him o more. If during the period I have had command of these columns there have been times when I have written things that perhaps had etter have been left Unwritten (which I know to e the case !), I feel no diffidence in asserting that it has ever been my desire to temper Justice with Mercy. For the future, friend " Cranbrook " will supply the weekly I'urf pabulum, and will supply it well; no man in Victoria that I wot of better. In accepting a position on the Morning Herald, in Perth, West Australia, I feel satisfied that I am best studying not alone my own interests, but the interests of those dependent on me ; and yet, my readers, believe me it is not without a tinge of something more than regret that the trembling hand indites the word— fA liK WELL! to-morrow, llut when the other coveys have played p. few more matches together, then the boot would undoubtedly be on the other leg. It s certainly a Peculiar State of Things, though, when men of the slamp of frank L&ver; and Dick Houston are not considered " class enough " to lie selected in a Twenty- six of Australia. Melhockne have defeated East Melbourne, and as North Melbourne are likely to "hype" South Melbourne, the excitement in the pennant matches should just about culminate when Melbourne and North meet in a fortnight's time. It should be a real good tussle, and I do not know but what the Northerners possess the best chance of coming out on top of the transaction. Jack Cariton is a Tower of Strength this season, bjth with the "willow " and with the " leathern sphere." And talking about " leathern spheres " reminds: me that (he one Jack Carlton performed that ten wickets' feat with, having been suitably euibal lisbed and "fixed up" generally, was presented to him last Saturday afternoon by the bronzevisaged hut warm-hearted Richard S. Houston. Ol course the " Rtcketiy " One bad a Whole Lot of Nice Things to say about Jack Carlton as a cricketer (my old pal Dick fancies J. C, a bit, dontcherknow!,; but the reply the recipient made (as to whatever cricket ahility he possessed being mainly attiibutable to the kindly advice and admonitions vouchsafed to him by his captain) bore the stamp of Truth so indelibly impressed upon it that it was really a difficult matter to solve whether it was not even " Jicttcr to Give than to Receive," Save and except that the Outward and Visible Signs always remain id evidence, whilst in a few short years the Memory of Doughty Ddeds done fade away like a tale that is told. Mick Nathan's Victoria Hall—large as it is— was packed chock-a-block last Saturday; an J what sort of a Korty-Turry Assemblage was it ' Of course it was Rice Time, and all that sort ef thing; so that. I oughtn'L perhaps give any it them away; but still I can'c help chronicling the fact that sitting right behind me were liati O'Drien, the Wizard of Hurrumbeet, Rom Tielev, and Bole Centley, whilst in front I observed the V. D. and P. Society worthily represented by Jack of the Princes Hrulge hos'elry, and the Champion Fox Terrier breeder and importer, Un the extreme right there was a select coterie of Dark Blues, headed by Sir Herky, who was flanked by D. C. tt'onaldson, Ced Tan!well, Naek Jairne and J1 orman N'Williams, The reason for such a gathering of the clans was the prospect of a good " go' if Mick Purcell ("The Unknown") should prove competent enough to hold his own against tlie redoubtable Mick Dooley—both being 14st. men. Purcell advanced to the encounter with a l'lucky Grin on his lace, but although he possessed some knowledge of the game he stood no chance against6uch a Veteran Practitioner as Dooley. who kept spanking him on tbecutwater with a straight left every now and then until the carmine was tremendously in evidence—in fact, to paraphrase Macbeth, " Making the Grin, One Ked.' 1c the middle of the second round Dooley floored his adversary, whose scconds. seeing he hadn't the ghost of a show, wisely "skied the towel" in token of defeat. To night (Thursday) my twin brother, •• Nudquaui Dormio," will be tendered a " send-off." the programme consisting of songs by Miller l'raser, Frank. Davidson, Burgoyne, and others, whilst Will Elder, Master F. Filgate and the Iciirlidaw will deliver humorous recitations. This will constitute the first part, the concluding portion ol the entertainment (after a ten round "ro" between Sam Coben and Jack Mouritz, the result of a challenge issued some time back by the latim) being another ton- round contest between the redoubtable Mick Dooley and the old-time Victorian Champion, Peter Newton. On Satjrdajnight Nipper Peakes and Ted 0'Neil will fill the bill with a fifteen-round contest. 