Tuesday; aijgtjst 11, 1896. THE POLICE FORCE. The astounding increase that Las taken place in the population of this colony, combined -with the im portation of some of the- most skilled criminals from the Eastern colonies, have rendered it neces sary to largely augment the metro politan and territorial police force. The demand for increased police protection has come upon the authorities so suddenly, that re. cruiting has been carried on more in haste than with judgment. Only last week we had to direct atten tion to this matter, in the case of a man who had been a resident of the colony for four months, two of which he had spent in the force. Before completing even that short term, it was found necessary to dispense with his services, owing to a very serious charge which was hanging over his head, and on which he was found guilty, and ultimately was sen tenced to six months' imprison ment. A case like this naturally casts a slur on the men in the force, and ive sympathise: with them in the unenviable position in which they find themselves. We happen to know that many of the members feel very acutely the dis grace which one of their comrades has brought on the service. But, then, they must be consoled by a knowledge of the fact that black sheep will get into every fold, and they can find solace in the old adage that one swallow does not make a summer. But what is really required, to prevent a repeti tion of such an unfortunate occur rence as reported last week, is the utmost caution in the selection of candidates for the force. Better to have fewer men, who can be im plicitly relied on, than a number patrolling our streets who are almost worse than useless. There is another matter which is exercising the minds of the constables at the present time, and that is the ques tion of promotion. It seems evi dent, from various rumors which are floating in the air, that there are several matters which require looking into. Parliament might' with advantage, appoint a board to inquire into the whole manage ment of the police force of this colony. The system of promotion appears to be giving considerable dissatisfaction. This may probably be news to the Chief Commis sioner, but it is not to the general public, nor especially to those who, in their business capacity, come in frequent contact with the rank and file of the guardians of the peace. Throughout the service there is a feeling that promotions are not altogether made on merit. In plain English, that certain constables are more favored than others in having opportunities afforded them of making arrests. It is generally understood that the greater number of arrests a policeman makes, the better are his chances of promo tion. What some of the men find fault with is, that when a constable has spent some days in making arrangements for the arrest of . a 'wanted,' another officer is sent out to effect the arrest, and that man's record is improved as a thief catcher, while the solid work of the constable, who has devoted consider able time to the suspect, does not come under his superior's notice. W,e do not say 'for one moment that such a state of things does exist, but meielythat such facts as we have enumerated are common gossip in the service. On this subject, a reliable correspondent writes us that 'the general public can scarcely realise the discontent that at present exists amongst the men.' ' He makes the suggestion that, if a Board-of- Inquiry were appointed, the . men should be examined, not the' officers: With this proposal we cannot agreed If the inquiry is to .be: of -any service, it should embrace / all. ranks. . The men may complain that they .have been overlooked -when , promotions have been made, but, on the other hand, the officers responsiblefor the men's advancement '. may I be able to give' very, excellent reasons for their actions. 'We can easily understand! that 'promotions must always give rise, to ' .heart burnings, but, at the same time, the old latin adage/, ? Midi ; alteram partem (hear the -other side) comes in with singular appropriateness in this question. If there is to be an inquiry into the management of the West Australian police force, by all means let 'both sides be heard. The rapid:. growth of the colony— and especially of the capital — renders it necessary thatit should have an efficient service, of- civil guardians, and we are certain that no one desires this more than our able Chief Commissioner of Police. Peospeeous Perth. is. making, a marvellously rapid progress towards winning .for itself the unenviable reputation of being the filthiest city under 'the sun. ; : Look where you will in our streets, our yards, and our vacant allotments of land, and the view on every side is greeted with rubbish 'heaps, piles of old tins, and broken bottles of every description, while the. sani-: tary arrangements generally are of the most wretched description. We have health officers, and all that kind of thing, but they appear to be utterly incapable of grasping the situation. Without wishing to pose as alarmists, it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that, with the approach of the coming summer,; we have, if we do not rapidly .remedy matters, every possible chance of a pestil lence. ' We have time-out of. num- ber thrown out .'hint's;' with a view to having corporation- carts, in which to con-^y 'the rubbish now accumulating in the backyards of Perth. If the authorities will not deal with this matter, private en terprise, if not .interfered with, might accomplish .much. One thing is certain-1-' The -G-olden West' at present -can boast of pos sessing, in Perth, a' city of filth, rags and bone's,- tins, bottles and rubbish, which would be hard to 'beat.-, ? :';?'?[?'.''?.: . ? ; ^ ,- 