THEI CUSTER MASSACRE'. It was in January 1876 that GCns. Custer, Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against the Sioux in nlontaoa. At Itlnebud on the Yellowstone. Terry eotah. lished a camp and (:ster kept on the searech for ra?skins. Crook was detained in another ditection, which left Custer with a small force of Amen. OId Sitting Bull was the medicine man onl tih Sioux and gave them advice as to what they should do. On June 25, Custer struck Sitting IHull's trail and fuollowed it into the little ItIg liorn valley. Cooler expecting a hattlu deached Ml ajor I elun witth sevet companlci to croos the Little Ilig liorn rivcer, atld attack the enemy from the west. Cstter dashed otl to thbo right. ta no was on the tlet alld Ileoteen Im the cettre. Custer noon disappeared in the vallhy sod immediately after Iteno and Ilteslsen were isurrounded by Indians, and for 24 hours they fought desperately against over whillineg oidle. While Itno and his men were battling for their lives they leard firing in the dircrtion taken by Custer. Itmuly lasted a foew millnuleo astrd tells eaised. Thein Terry arrivell lroln the Yel?tltlowlone camp nlndl ason romo tmand waas aved. The Indians had all dis Isppeared before Terry arrived. A nearch was then mltde for Custer. lie was solon fIund dead with his men. Major lIleo was tried by Court Martial for failing to oupport Custer, lie was a ruined mlan, but there have always bern doublt as to the jiustness of his pnishlment, furit is thought by many that Ileno did well to save his command from mnlnaacro. A tdinany people were not slow in blamling Gen. Custer for dashing into the trap he did,. when by Ia little strategy he maight havy given battle to the reds and iullictel a sever, punishment upon them. Ilut le waited for no one and some who know himn well say that his desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him to charge the enemy instead of waiting for Iteuo. But, who can tell? Custer died and not one of le's brave tand wi pllertlited to escape to tell the history of that charge. Such is thlo brief history of tipb Custer ialssacr. Il is many years now since that dlenperate charge was tmade BhyGenerol Custer, and lduring, those years I met with tnel who hlad visited the Custer battle field. I also tcl a number of tioux who wenrt in thile battle, and froin dilfr-: rtt sources I picked up nilt the informationu r could in relation to the mansacore. Some ytars ago I met Frank Yates, an Indianl agent. Frank had a brother in the 7th Carltry (Cslter's regiment) who died by Custer's side. Vbheu I saw Yates lie hail charge of utl iain inlthelb Face, chief who tool thie ail in the Custer ntmsanero. Iliii.initlilie-a' e was the Indian who, after the bnttlll, cul out l Tom Cs. ter's la nt, siland it a plierce iit of it. Tons Custer wan a brotlher o Geon. Custor, and wlhn. Rlain-hi-the-Fare cult his heart out lie was ful filling a vow. Soteo tilltuoefore the Liolllx went Ion rthe warpllth,' Ti Cilller had strnclk Rlin. si-lbon.oacea for sroel trivial matter. The olhi Indian lookedll bit in the face said said: " Tonl Custer, I will cut your heart out for that somte day." lie kept lhis row. GIn. ClstLtr's hlodl was not maltilateil, aidt Iis death enwas alddeli for hI was eliot i Lhu sheiad. Another story ofi tls nlassascr which was told to a hby Yarn, wlho got it from the Indialin, wans that of a atsllire who was with Ctater whell they charlget Ilo Indsianss. ofleto this sotlier lsa that tlhey wer In a trac, lice he lrdlhis bose endlil latedi swa lowsart hien open vlley. Several I lian fol. lowed him scd he finally aceo Isp all hope anit drawlig a pistol he shot Blii scl in the hend. The Indtians dtllared to Yone that fli rolle el bad a better horen than tasy of theirs ause that they were just going in give iip tie catse wI Ihe they saw the leenllg mian shoot himselfR , Ilut let is not call it a ibattle, er It a. simply a nlasancre. Lately there isa berns I number of slnrls publtaheil in reuard to Cuter. aill among them s one rellte by ae soldier who was loft lehiln with Itentteet whelat Clte started oft' to fail Sitting Illl. This.olller ayn lshat tie was one of the first illi to roalea the Custer battle lmelil,and from Itls atilns whlcli Ire saw he eama to Its cuncltioon that Crtoer alll Ilie tenll were tint given a chalice to atrike, one blow. The men lt y itI raesn iltn tIlli frtmud rod tley hail evliently falesin logethelr. lthey rodt into the very grouts of thie lthlleoui, wlto were tonealel otliItiftee feet away whonl they llureli a volley lIto the littleo hii wshi, lterally ocnitd away llku s mlLsa bloter a) breeze. oUualter's cavalry, lIho Seveitlh reghmletf, ?ai alwlays ile blltrtest fin of l I hionlx. ''he Sereeth hadl haraslaeil the Idann foryaara millsi III hInliaisll wereo gladl of a chilieso to wip o lt , tlrd of thes eutire rogicment. Yearl aftLr whtl thu ghost Ilallscig Ingann, anll thu BSioux war broke out at filoe Ililds gongy, the Sevetllli wsl, agale ccitt Into tile field to fans their old loas sill It wn el hs thel ot in l SvuIlh atlie very sear bellig nniaill cited,;'ie regliteim t wa etirreliuettIt iul aelllally beig overwhulnt l bly inliborn wlhen the l.levrilh arrhva l n sevedi tlol tlo1 tellilillil, Adl Ihe reglllnmet wchlnl tlun tv tbe rselte wn iat negro reglnllit, Iteernt survry shllow tflit otn.slxlit of the StaIlu ofl Olregont onothlg ovo' 10,000,00) teres, is coerod with doseo forentls A spenels sl miuale Ilrsalllati nelldir apliua webs an flte that it thkes 4uOQof theist twlshld together to eqlllal hi dllantuter of a Ithliiui hair., The nlortellty latitg catleo at sea. resulltig from cruelly, wallt of water, ho., wna fornteorly rut liow at silxooti lir etot,, while at fis Ireseont lime it IIs one tier rant. I 'rleont feo iloilt liTll0fli00 iturs ulnlder tots eulllvitilol I llherlllsh llidio, 'ig tIlt J:imperoii 1t?ttlunrltk sit nil lile ullli tlulilgnt tihetil It Iirryl wsith itlis fise U IlrI lury liyil huosh si hiueist froishi lit tinlisorl 'lll otirowlh of lei'l, Ig'itrilts t it theft Iltltlisth yerl i nittl t iist fiit loyti b l Ill tho tUYit.. filitl Iderl,'It gull ilihIi In Atillrlihn unt' lthu iigdill, nit lliitnwll, 2,401 tlotl pilds Tuiloill'ta tiht ttfiihnltiur lslt ",1 