SPORTING NOTES. fBy Mentoe.1 After more than 24 hours' delay the Mel bourne nominations for the Onkaparinga Easter Monday meeting came to hand on Friday week from Hahndorf, forwarded by Mr.- Von Doussa. -It is eomewhat extra ordinary that the telegraph line should have gone wrong just at the juncture when so much interest was taken in what horses would, be nominated over the border for tne principal events at uaicuanic on master Monday. It will be seen, however, that some of the best jumpers in Victoria have been entered for the Hurdles and Steeplechase, and that some good ones have also bsen nominated ' for the Cup aud Hills Railway Stakes. Tho total for the four events is 42 less than last year, tho figures* being : — For the Hurdles, 48, as against 59; Gup, 38 as against 50 ; Steeple, 43 as against 47 ; Hills Railway Stakes, 47 as against 56 ; or total 176 as against 218. No doubt Mr. Von Doussa will feel disappointed at there being a falling off in numbers in the face -of the in creased amount of stakes, but it may be said that all the available jumpers arc included in the Hurdles and the Steeple, and the fields for the other two events will probably be as big as last year. The sudden death of JBarossa has caused not only the omission of his name from the Hurdles but also of his stable com panion for the Steeplechase, both of whop were virtually backed straight out and in doubles for bo'th events, but these wagers will be 'off' now that one horse is dead and the other not nominated. We understand that the nomination of The Duke for the Onkapavmga Hurdles in tbo name of a medical man has given offence to the .gentleman whose cognomen has been awarded to the animal in question, and that it is almost certain he will not be allowed to run under that name and will probably l-o scratched. Now that the entries are in for the Onka paringa meeting owners and the public will support their fancies for the two jumping cventB, but aB the weights are not due until February 13 the usual reticence will be ob served as to the names of the animals being backed. After that date we may expect matters to be pretty lively aueut the Oakbank Easter Monday gathering. A fair amount of wagering is being done over the Newmarket and Cup, one of the Litest local wagers about the former, straight out, being 000 to 15 Destiny. The Mount Pleasant Racing Club have issued a programme for a meeting to be held on Mr. PhiUis'e estate, Updown Park, on Monday, February 17. There are five events on the programme, for which entries nuust be mode with the lion, secretary (Mr. W. H. Codrington} not later than 8 o'clock this evening. Weights declared February 5 ; acceptance due February 8. The Eales of booths and gates willtake place on February 4. The Alma South races took place on Wednesday, January 22. Theia was a good attendance. The programme was well carried out, and there were eonie very closely contested finishes, TIub being the first meeting of the club they are to be congratulated on their euo cees. The following wore the results:— Maidens— Dop, I j The Ghost, % Alma South Handicap— DoUsr, tsBaiaba, 2 {St. Helena, S. Handicap Trot— DifinwroU, SO yards, 1: Professor. 200 yarde, 2. Limited Handicap— TwJae, 1; Club, 2, Consola tion Handicap— The Ghost, lj fit. Helena, 1, Jiati\m~-€iiros,liVon,2, iir, O. Vrmusin acted as judge -ma Mi1. J. W«Wi as starter. The secretory of tUa Petersburg Rose Club ?6e»\rm us to state that V.'/C. wan omitted from the TotoliKfltor Handicap in the uoniinotiout fur that olub'e tuectiug. U will be 6t»u by our Melbourne wires this moiuiuf that ftlofctyu And Jiwstiny haw bueu fiorAtoUod tor the Jfuwnjwkut fmt&ivan;, ma Itotyn also for tiw V.K.'l'.C Autumn Cup, A QQiwnxm&mt;, over the efguatwe of » Intwosm.' mtes i — ♦'»»? — Omi you ftu*wm'itttttlwfoMowittg Questions f—L SVUtti w«m Ute amiKi trf die -&Jl;»mw cuti'U* fov Onkttjwringfl. not imves tm4o known ia Urn puWio for inoiiB ttiiiij M hours -jfM tiia timo of »'oaoivi-tg-4»eiutttW««Jttid-*1f fi, bit(ruo tlittt they mw teoeivei at Wuu4»i4e mrbf wext mowing) after tlio my of tmUmi 8. A»i it H14--' Waived At WOOUWOP it) iW HJOTH' lus. »vlii' ww ilw f«ot not m»h4o mam heforv iiu'dw&iutiwMmiuui; 4\. WhmAli J,O.I/« »owiwa4o»wwv*itttWiHJa*wtt mm why du liUnifUHM nut WM«ftr tu my m «ur AauuUau iiuiWNt fi, I« it true Mint iiwto up Umt wiUwd fo» tiw l*l#^*», «Md wiiy iijjj UttimAMi MWttm tm*m mm m$ »u&&^hi'tw»U\\*li-m* ut 4 1-.IH'. *W-.W» i STw ridiutf VluAk, !«♦« 4mwunI ? vm' «Ut#i*- uuawtumt u* tiia unman' over Iti* *»♦» to % «««#? i*r»', U i* *u wMwental »lurfl ur l^lUr «f »m«M4- «i lour Iwwi of Ote Umius ? witWbk fawiflkm. 'too ****** matiwM Uvu »iilUi iWtmMM teuw »»Wi «wH4« rtij»» Vrtwtu, Mid t»»ctv«»i imhmi very well executed by Mr. B. W. Gurr, of Sturfc-street. We have received the following memoran dum from Mr. Heseltine : — The committee of the Adelaide Racing Club, Limited, have resolved to protect the public and racing men against welchers and that class by passing the following by-laws, which will be rigidly ad hered to:— 'Any person betting otherwise than by means of the club's totalizator shall be liable to expulsion from the racecourse and may be removed therefrom by the direction of the committee or any member thereof.' 'Any person who shall without written authority from the committee of the club receive or oflFor, or pretend to receive money for investment in the club's totalizator eball be liable by the direotion of the com mittee or any member thereof to expulsion from the racecourse and may be removed therefrom accordingly.' It is understood, we believe, that these by-laws have been passed at the request of the committee of Tattersall's Club, whose members will be recognised and allowed to pursue their calling on the Old Course. Mr. J. Martin, of Tattersall's Club, adver tises himself in connection with the Onkapa ringa Hurdles and Steeple. Acceptances for the Orroroo race and entries for the Trial Stakes are due with Mr. L. B. Addison, secretary, not later than 8.30 p.m. on Monday uext, February 3. We are informed by Mr. Von Doussa that the name J.O.I, should be included amongst the horses who have been nominated for the Great Eastern Steeplechase. Nerissa, bv Richmond— Jessica, who won the Maiden Race at Lake Albert last week, was bred by Mr. S. A. White, of the Reedbeds, and was the first of Jessica's offspring to be put into racing. Messrs. . Elder, Smith, & Co. will sell by auction at Kingston, early in February, the well-known Lake St. Clair stud, comprising about 350 horses, acd the stallions Rochester, Federation, and Moy Hall Lad. Venetia and Bain Marie, who have been purchased by Mr. T. F. Elliott, of Coolgardie, through his agent Mr. A. Webber, has been shipped in the Marloo, accompanied by Moondah. Scarpia returns to West Australia . by the same boat. Jubilant, who won the Welter Handicap at Williamstown, is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 7 St. 5 lb. Iris pulled up lame after running in the Steeplechase at Williamstown. Day of Grace, who ran last in the Maidstone Handicap at Maribyrnong on Saturday, ricked himself during the race, and will not be seen in . public for some time. Monard, the winner of the Williamstown Trial Stakes, is a full brother to Upshot, by Dunlop from Result, and is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 7 st. 5 lb. The jockey Howard, who had the mount on Waratah in the Second Hurdle Race at the Sydney Turf Club Anniversary meeting, was suspended fox three months for suspicious practices. The Anniversary Handicap, the principal event of the Sydney Turf Club meeting, pro duced an exciting race between Glendeunon and Gozoreina, the result being a -dead beat, with Response half a length away third. The owners agreed to divide the stakes. Glen dennon is a son of Julian Avenel and Eva, and Gozoreina is by Gozo from The Orphan. Martini, the winner of the Maidstone Han dicap at Maribyrnong on Saturday, is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 6 st. 8 lb. The Martini-Henry gelding was well supported, and won in a canter from Lottie and Scarpia. The latter was again entrusted with a lot of coin, and started favorite, but once more he failed to show his true form. With the V.R.C. Autumn meeting close at baud matters turf.v are beginning to show signs of animation, says the Fleinington cor respondent of the Melbourne Herald. Mon dny morning being a comparatively ' off ' one there was not very much done, if one or two gallops bcexcepted. Shortly after 5 o'clock Partnia showed an improvement on her Mari byrnong form on Saturday by covering seven furlongs on the saud in 1 aiin. 35 sec., and going on completed a mile inside 1 min. 49 sec. Alone went the first six fur longs, aud Sway brought her borne. Patron, assisted by Bouvardia the first half-iuile and Palmetto the lest four furlongs of a, mile gallop on the tan, got to the cud of it comfortably in 1 min, 03 eeo. The eon of OJga was ridden by Chris. Moore, How, looking in capital condition, went .nicely over a mile ou tho sand, the 3&st; six furlongs of which ho traversed in 1 niiu. 24 eeo. Disparity rattled over three furlongs on the sand in 39$ ec%, And Jubilant was just jnsido even time over & furlong further. Mischief galloped a strong mile and a biilf on tlio sand truck, which she got over inside I twin. 47 boo. »ege»t went with the daughter of Comjnotion for ft mile, when lie wtfl be»teu off, Pftubydalp and Uttvei locks slipped over a merry half -mite and thejafcter petting nw»y with her tiny pilot comj»JsUid five furkmge in I min tffc seo, Carl' ton made bis rouppuariweo and cantered freutJyontheeand track, ue did the Carbine BUy AmimiuHion, Wmmint, Huiugbpuu, 8efynna» Itaatiuy, Trent, ttirtdtfwte, Wolf, mtinw, O'friagw, AmwJius, CoUart, Qhn ma, toterJwifl, Jtorleroom. Mo» Ai»i# J.Q.I., Oftutolu Hwiii, Dunlin, Wamtab, Vagrant ana a host of odieiv all aid etajidy work, VU» htmiliyrnous *U-wm4* Uud tlioii- Jiwid» tehw&Ay; full on ftAturduy, when t\mv were no fewer mm tt»«e euaunfefc two of \\\MuU fOou»wdJMuiHii«)K(iji»vHIJt|i« Hurvllu JUas, hitHiuninp)mu^ttm given warn mmmm. TJw»»»i)Hma% tioH'svw, uulrainatid by Uw ftfewwft 4mmmg down UmvUv m the frit* m mmtiumiL tiw iioim immil', Wliuui) u»-J j-wkey (A, HmMi) bdiitf 4tau*Uftpd (w m mmm»wr «W|-U4i»u» wiwuum in emmmUna vilAi tho Jhnayenf Viut Jiaw, /or wMdi Pot-8-os, Borderer and Aurelius were the only competitors. Notwithstanding (re marks the Age) that Borderer and Pot 8-os met on precisely similar terms as when they ran a dead heat at Mentone, the former opened a strong odds on favorite, whereas a liberal price was obtainable about botti his opponents for the asking. It was noticeable that Pot-8-os ran extremely wide all through the race, and at the home turn let. up Borderer, on the inside, a fact which the stewards deemed deserving of the punishment noted. The V.R.C. committee contemplate the re vision of the lists of stewards of various clubs, with a view to the removal of the names of gentlemen who, though allowing their names to appear, do not attend and perform their duties at the various meetings of the clubs. Mischief, Count Herbert, and Flat Iron will leave Melbourne on Wednesday to fulfil their Tasmanian engagements. The team will be in charge of T. Rawlings, and Mr. Alexander Pearson will be a passenger by the same boat. A 'man who knows' tells the Philadelphia Record, that a concern in Philadelphia makes a profit of 24 dollars on the carcase of every horst. In the first place the hide is valualle, and the leather known as cordovan is taken from the skin over the rump. The other leather is soft, and is used mostly for slippers and heavy driving gloves. The hair from the tail and mane is made into haircloth, and the short hair is used in stuffing cushions and horse-collars. From the hoofs oil is extracted, aud the bony substance is sold to comb manu facturers. The leg-bones are used for knife handles. The ribs and head are burned to make bone-black after the glue has been ex tracted. By various, processes phosphorus, carbonate of ammonia, cyanide of potassium, and prussic acid are obtained, and sometimes tho meat is canned and shipped to Europe. We could, do with such an establishment in South Australia, The clergymen of Toronto, Canada, insti tuted a movement some little time back to secure the repeal of the existing betting law in the dominion, which permits open book making. To this end a conference was hel d with Sir Charles Tupp'er, representing the Government. The reformers were afraid that the stringent law in New York state would force the gamblers there over into Canada, and 'as they were opposed to gambling in any form they would be satisfied with nothing less than a complete repeal of the law permitting betting. Sir Charles Tupper admitted that the ministers had some cause for complaint, but he declined to assist in endangering the turf as an institution. He counselled modera tion, aud while promising to do all that he could to meet their views reminded them that they mit-'ht achieve much greater success if they merely aimed to strike and crush a dangerous abuse of what might otherwise prove to be a harmless pastime of the people. A few weeks ago at Coney Island races a restaurant-keeper made bets to. the extent of 330 dol. with a firm of bookmakers, and lost ; but as he claimed to have won from them subsequently 400 dol., he refused to pay the former amount. The ring men repudiated the 400 dol. bet, and went to law to recover the 330 dol. The complaint, an exchange says, was drawn up in such a way that it went to show that the money lost was practically a loan and not a racing bet, and plaintiffs had a ver dict returned in their favor. The Spirit of the Times says that tho verdict is unprece dented and contrary to the clause of the Percy Gray law relating to betting, which is as fol lows:— 'Any person who, 'upon any race course authorised by or entitled to the benefits of this Act, shall make or record, directly or indirectly, any bet or wager on the result of any trial or contest of speed, or power of endurance, of horses taking place upon such racecourse, shall forfeit the value of any money or property so wagered, received, or held by him, to be recovered in a civil action by the person or persons with whom such wager-is made, or by whom such money or property is deposited.' Angelica, the sister to St. Simon And dam of Orae, lias such a good colt foal by Kendal that the Duke of Westminster has decided to send tier again next season to that horse, to whom also Colonel North will send Philomel. Messrs. Weatherby have just published the third annual supplement to volume- XV11. of tlie English Stud Book, and breeders well wel come its appearance, its contents being of a moat valuable character to those interested in blood stock records, The total number of brood mares accounted for in 1895 amounts to 0,502, against B.67S in 1894, but this falling off i&explamed; by the fact that when a ware was etatea in last year's supplement to have died after producing a foal, being barren, or having dipped, the name does not appear m the pre- sent volume. This makes the number about (JO fewer than would otherwise liave been the cfijso, Tho returns show for 1895;— Colts, l.ttiMj nJHee, 1,525; barren, 1,805 j slipped, 124 ; not covered in previous years. Wi ; nut to half-bred siren in previous yuavx, T& ; died einoe preceding season, l&l; i sent abroud, 100 ; not returned, 395 1 put out of the stud, 77. In the list of foal* we find Iloyal Hampton cw ditod with SB ynungBtow ; £t, Angelo with 31 1 »t. Serf and Salisbury, 30 each i Dasimir, W ', Ayrshire Pouovait, and A4ieu, 'M each; Pioneer and Himm, &i; 0Mh ; Ueuiiai and Common, 85 eseb j Minting, 'M i 8t, Himou, Hampton, Udlopin, and )\\-|-uor And Halt, 23 Mich, it will he obsurv'ud Uy our European cahjos thut 'I'miion und Carjiugu imvo iwuihud Naplw in wfoty on their journey home, \mt that ttiu ddcr hnua lm» hum wttmnx t'tum mmumimtfon uf th' ho»ve}», llu it. huwuwr, amwwiitly out afdtiu&n; and it will wgruii Wng U Umw Unit n» ha* reaohuq lii» timv tmmu in H-Wy, hut hu u'ili «/int mrfful attrition ular IjatUing tvith A iieut w»v» an (h« h'inu trip In Uu mtywi trt tlto «4iiU« at iiiu nl'l ':uui-try iti Uu* month of Fiibivaty, Althmi^ii nu uuubt 'i'iWiUiii 1(0* uwn JHHur«d fur tini ft,«uo fiiiui'iiM witiuU tlit) win of Sir HuMiiiuJ Wilwui gu\u iur h(i» tt Wfliild -w v«ry Uvi nw* to hw u{ uuy tiiingu\\-riiiU*liiiMMmlHuUiihu Uanu-, ithu Iim luw6&hlm;*6Uwi-\\**l#lMlu Au^idliii '.inwu thtjduo«wt*«f Jtiimv«»lfe, Mnsiiut. TlwyumijM' hui'w, O*Himg»i, mmm in im 4u1uk woll «itd ghuuld iiiwvg « mw ittVif*Uimil U* hi* »uw owim; Mi1- «-. A, Hum, of iUu iUtnuf liw*, li«t»t*j' k Vv&iH;, imkm, »f b, Oui»lm)i UulWitigd, MiiM, iiumuavu wUmwiUtu iU far (IiId tu'inMH in full, Iliit U;u \\* Ui »w»$m, Qnmu\it lint Mlwl hi liOii ««ini »h, Mnutviloiy i« mm m'U »m \m- trip la Ooluitiha Mi. Tom Omi r iiaviuu tt-iu-iu4 a witv of hoc fHf'ity »*- fur m AWmwy, U i» ivimiM ihut Mont »« unilur offw to au Indiiiii )iu-w. ii»v-«'(llx;iH1ur mi --**«**)', whu m-iv *'?' -^tUu laud ui Uiu JtujnK hwt- mi immh kum and njtty iw «wit Wk to Attiw-Alin, j«i^atifttivn»,lH* «t«Wd, «w in i-r^»«ii wjUj Mr. Geo. Davis for the purchase for West Aus tralia of Bain Marie and Venetia. A deposit has been paid' and it is expected the sale will be completed shortly. Mr. C. D. O'Halloran, the recently-elected member of tho V. A.T.C. committee, has issued a criminal summons against Mr. H. H. Champion, proprietor of the Cluwnpion news paper, for li Del in respect of an article published m the defendant's newspaper commenting ou the running of the filly Dowry in the January Stakes at Mentone on Jan. 13. The summons is made returnable in the District Court on February 21. Information has been received from Cal cutta that Muscovite, carrying 9 st. 7 lb , won the Grand National Hurdle Race, two miles, beating The Indian, who was weighted at 12 st. 31b. The conditions for the Doncaster Handicap, of 1,000 sovs., 1 mile, and the Sydney Cup, of 2,000 sovs., 2 miles, the principal handicaps of the A.J.C. Autumn meeting, have been pub lished, and entries are due till the 10th proximo. Latest advices from India report that Mr. R. McKenna has sold Swordbearer, by Grand master, to H.H. the Kaar Sahib of Patiala, for 7,000 rupees. Since trotting was introduced in France, 17 years ago, it has made great progress. Last year 136 meetings were held, and the prize money amounted to £77,500, or an average of £560 per meeting. Private advices from India state that Blarneystone ran very unkindly in. the Vice roy's Cup when the whip was brought into play ; but Fortunatus, who finished second to the English- bred gelding Sprightly, ran a good, game horse, and will do better when he gets acclimatised. The time for the Viceroy's Cup, lg mile, was 3 min, i} sec, a record performance for that event. Particulars of the third and fourth days of the Calcutta Christmas meeting are to hand, aud show that the majority of the events were secured by Australian-bved horses. The Pony Hurdle Race went to Tug and the Pony Plate to Queenie. The Scaramanga Cup fell to Regal, and the Tabletop-bred Colleen Juna, with 9 st. up, finished a dead heat with Sprightly, 10 st., winner of the Viceroy's Cup, in the Kuch Behar Cup, 1^ miles, while Repudia tion, 8 st. 2 lb., ran third, the journey occupy ing 2 min. 13?- sec. The Grand Annual, a handicap hurdle race, two miles, was won by Muscovite, 9 st. 7 lb., who defeated Sweep, 10 st., Prince Imperial, 10 st. 7 lb., The Indian, 12 st. 3 lb., and five others in 3 min. 55 sec. Frivolity, 7 st. 7 lb., secured the Stand Plate, five furlongs, in 1 min. If sec ; and Norbert carried 7 st. 12 lb. to victory in the Durbhunga, Cup, 1£: miles and 132 yards, de feating the English mare Virago, 8 st. 2 lb., Colleen Juna, 8 st. 10 lb., Blarneystone, 9 st. 3 lb., and Chaperonne, 7 st. 8 lb., negotiating the distance in 3 min. 21 sec. The English jockey John Watts intends to retire from the active duties of his profession this season. He holds a retainer as first jockey to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales for the current year, and that is the principal induce ment to continue riding during 1806. H.R.H. the Prince of Wales has that pood colt Per simmon engaged in the Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and St. Leger, so that the capture of one of those classic events under the livery of the heir apparent would be a fitting termination of a career that has been marked by brilliant horsemanship, integrity, and good conduct. Watts has won the Derby three times, the St. Leger and Oaks four times, the One Thousand Guineas twice, aud the Two Thousand Guineas once. At the Newmarket (England) blood stock sales in December Mr. John Gsborue gave 1, 100 guineas for the two-year-old colt Monte Carlo, by Breadknife from Purscproud, and Mr. H. distance paid 1,000 guineas for the two-year-colt Prophet, by Marden from Canoness; while the horse Tarrare, by_ Dis cord from Free and Easy, brought 670 guineas, the bid of Mr. Walters. 