A. TTTTRST Ef THE DESEBT. Tptt- GrOIK SSHKEHS They -were encamped on the desert twelve miles from Old Woman Springs. . Botnnson - and Barlow, prospectors; the former an Apollo, in his prime, strong, snewv. and vigorous, mil of the fire and energy of youth; the latter an older man, ■wiry, scarred, and worn by toilsome years. With them was a boy, ilartin Sogers, who remained in camp while they were prospecting and looted after their outfit, keeping an especially watch ful eye on the two mules which bad hauled them to this lonely spot among the dimes, and npon which, in certain contingencies, their lives might depend, it was the tenth day of -Jane, 1S9—. They had a half-barrel of water, and there -was no more within the twelve tedious miles to Old WOman Springs. They were debating whether they should retrace their steps or go forward and take the chances of muling water. On this desert a temperature of 130 or 140 degrees is not uncommon. Then a man requires about two gallons of water a day, and an animal like a borse or a mule requires more. So their snpply was scanty for the size of the party. " You know the country," said Kobin son. "I do not. It is for yon to say. But I don't want to go back if there is a ghost of a chance for as ahead." Barlow hesitated a moment, reflecting, and consulted a ronghly outlined map. " If s four years since I was here," he j \- said. " But—if I remember right—we j found water in a canon between those j hills over there." He pointed to the indistinct outlines of some low moun tains in the distance across a stretch of rolling desert, above which the heated air rose in quick, successive, wave- like i vibrations- -'If that's the canon. I'm thinking of," Barlow resumed, "the mine we're looking for is about five miles to the north." " All right," repliedBobinson. ""We'll ; sleep until midnight. Then we'll go over there- If we find water, we'll come hack and move the camp." \-- Bobinsou and Barlow had often pros pected together before. -They bad been : successful, and owned jointly mines which were profitable- But this excur sion was to make them milHonaires. It was the old story of a- lost mine of fabulous richness accidentally discovered bv a party wbo had been attacked oy Indians. The sole survivor of this adventure, wounded unto death, had been able to give some account of the location of the mine, and had drawn a crude map \- which had descended from one to another until Barlow had secured it. ' At midnight, the hoy, who had kept watch, aroused them from their refresh fog slumbers. Having filled their can teens mom the slender store of water, they started. It was cool now, and the bait-moon, riding high in the sky, made the way sufficiently plain. Travelling was easy, and ly morning they had covered much of the distance, although the canon was still far away. They halted for breakfast on the contents of their knapsack, then pushed on. The sun rose higher and higher; the hot sands ' began to "blister their feet, and they . stopped often just to moisten their lips from the diminishing contents of the canteens. But their hearts were strong and their courage was as yet undaunted At noon the water was gone from then canteens. and then they begin to suffer. Their lips were soon swollen and parched, and they spoke only rarely and in mono syllables. The hot air blistered their 1 cheeks Eke a blast from a furnace. Their j skin, which had until now been moist! with excessive perspiration, became dry : and feverish. Their eyes were bloodshot; in fact, all the blood in their bodies seemed to have mounted to their faces. They were tortured with pains at the j base ox the brain, now dull and heavy, now piercing like knife-wounds. The glaring sun overhead seemed an angry, j sentient thing casting daggers into them, j St31 they kept bravely on, although ever 1 slower and more wearily, for the mouth l of the. canon was connog nearer. Its outlines were more distinct, and Barlow tried to cheer his companion with oc casional suggestions of the water and safety ahead of them. These remarks Jiad a curious effect j upon Bobinsou. Bess inured to hardship ' tihrn his companion, although much the i stronger of the tiro, he was the less j stoical. Their march early in the day ' had seeuied like the ending of a toilsome ' pilgrimage with a certainty of success awaiting them. He had not questioned, at first, the existence of the water or of the mine which they were seeking. But as the day wore on he seemed to lose control of his will, andhis mind wandered upon speculations which he fought against in vain. Suppose that they should _ fall to find water 1? Their condition would indeed be pitifuL Suppose that Barlow were mistaken ? And, then, suppose that Barlow were intentionally misleading him ? Bomoson fought against the sngges- j iron of treachery, but it would not go I away. He tried to tell himself that j Barlow could gain nothing by his death, 1 but he could not help thinking of the j other mines which they already owned. If he should die. Barlow would own them alone. True, their peril was ap- : pareutly equal; but, on the other hand, ■ Barlow knew the country ; Bohinson did nbi know it- If he so desired. Barlow | could lead him within half a mile of -water, leaTehim to perish, and savehiin seli. "Was the story of the lost mine only a myth, a lure, a delusion, and a snare f Ebbmson's better self revolted at all of these suggestions, yet they besieged him. He told himself that his mind rnnst be wavering, that his friend could not be false; yet every time that Barlow spoke of water and the cool shade of the canon awaiting them, Bobinsou started as though the other bad struckhiin in the, ■ face. .... ! It was night when, at last, they reached the canon and looked np at its gray, for bidding tides, and flung themselves upon the ground, in the shade of the first pro jecting rock- They vyere glad to be there, and they looked eagerly about for tigns of water. There are sand-storms on this desert ■which sometimes hide everything. They pile the sand over railroad tracks, in such portions as are traversed by rail roads, and often delay trains for hours or days. They drift over the weary pros yeetor and his pack-animals and occa sionally bury Ihem alive. They frequently bide ike Ettle springs so deeply -that the slender flow of water can not reach the surface. Here and there before the agonised gaze of Bobinsou and Barlow was a cactus or a bunch of sage-brush, but no tign of the greener verdure which would betoken water. " "We must go on." said Barlow. " I guess the water is farther up the canon." Bobinsou made no reply, but staggered io 'his feet and led the way. Barlow followed, eveu more feebly. Presently they came upon ihe bones of a borse or nude; half buried. And a few yards further Bobicson stumbled against some thing just concealed in the sand. IVItli an oath, he gave it a kick, and unearthed a human skail. Throwing down his pack, he dug in the send with hands and feet and "unearthed other human bones, stripped of their flesh and scarred by the teeth of coyotes- Then they found some , fragments of clothing, attached to one of which was a pin, an emblem of some secret fratennd Grder. ftobinsoii handed '; - tins to his companion with an unpleasant Jeer upon his handsome face * I guess this fellow failed to find the spring," he remarked. " Evidently he did." said Barlow, try in" hard to retain his composure, "but " "hundreds of men have perished vnthm a mile of water. "We shaft find it furthe. on. So they kept along between the walls ; jof the canon, which grew higher and tne j •canon itself narrower and more difficult j -to traverse as they proceedea. The stars j -were ont now and the moon was again j overhead. Still no sign of water. Bobm- | son's growing suspicions became almost a 1 certainty. The idea of treachery kept 1 dancing through his brain with horrible ! iteration. He found himself "watching' Barlow's every movement and computing, by his occasional stumblings and other signs of weariness, their comparative strength. He wondered constantly which would hold out the longer, and he finally fell to questioning Barlow about the water, and" the mine, and the map, and their chances of escape. Barlow's replies became mere and more contused and evasive. At last he threw himself upon the ground. •' \Ve are lost," he moaned. "I can go There is no water here. XVe must have come to the wrong canon. I do not remember these jutting cliffs. I was never here at night. But we must stop. Let ns rest here for a while." Then the repressed tumult in Bobin son's mind broke forth. He stood over the prostrate form of his companion and guide, and swore the most terrible oaths that his madness could suggest. "With maudlin inconsistency, he lifted his hands towards the stars and uttered a prayer, not an appeal for succor, hut a hitter cry for revenge. Then, with a sudden frenzied impulse, he turned upon Barlow and threatened to kill him. " Ton have brought me here to die," he said—" votu whom X trusted as a guide and a friend. "What right had you to rnn the risk of being lost at such a time r I will kill you, and then I trill go back home." But the figure before him was. dumb, its face buried in the sand, and its limbs lying limp and palsied, impotent to resist Even the maddened brain of Bobinson was touched by the pitiful i spectacle. : . "" I ought to kill you, hut l won't," he resumed, more gently. Til leave you alone, and perhaps we'll both get home yet- Then we can settle this. I believe you meant to lead'me here to my death, but you've been caught in your own trap. Do you hear that-f Whistling down the canon from the heights above, there came a shrill, , (dear cry, then another and another, and then a chorus of yelping voices. "It's the coyotes," said Bobinson. " They have scented ns. They will be here by-and.by,'and they "will find yon here and I shall he revenged. Good-by. X am going away. Do you hear me ? I'm going to leave you alone—alone with the night, and the desert, and the coyotes, ana the lost mine. I will you all my right, title, and interest in that," and Bobinson laughed. The figure on the sand stirred and then rose slowly to a sitting posture. The face was black, but perhaps the dusky tint was only the shadow of night and uot the shadow- of death. " Go," he whispered, " it is right that-you should desert me. Only tell me first that you forgive me. j Beforge God, I meant no harm. I | thought there was water here. I think so now—only—only there has been some horrible magic at work, and we can't find jit. But it onght to be here. You are young and strong. You will not die. I do not care—for myself. I am tired I want to go to sleep. Go, if you like, but shake h an rtifirst.'" Then the two clasped hands, and the younger man said : " Yon are right and I was wrong. I was crazy to speak as I did. It is for you to forgive, liow, listen. Best awhile it you like, but try not to go to sleep. If you do, you will never waken- As scon as yon have a litttle strength, get npon your feet and come down the canon. I am going hack to camp. If I get there alive, I will send the boy after you with one of the mules and water. Then we will go home. Good-by again." Bobinson turned away, and, 'without once looking bade, began to retrace those weary steps. In his path, a hundred yards from where he started, a ride winder—deadliest reptile of the desert— swung before him. with its peculiar glid ing, curving motion. Bobinson kicked the thing aside, regardless of its fangs. Further on a " rattler " of a different species crossed his path and coiled itself, with mouth alert and buzzing talL Huge, black, hairy creatares skipped awkwardly away from hira "oh either hand: but whether they were tarantulas, their pro portions magnified hy the moonlight, or only figments of his imagination, he did not pause to consider. He was indifferent, in the face of a greater danger, to these repulsive, creeping things, the ordinary, every- day foes of the prospector. Often he stumbled and fell, but rose again. He knew thai there was to he a fight against rime and agaiiist the rapid ebbing away of his life forces- His body was an hour-glass now." Its sands were the latent springs oi vitality within biur, all the reserve forces, the combined re sources of flesh, blood, and will spurred by despair. For one moment, rallying every atom oi vitality, he almost rejoiced in the unequal contest against the silent, destructive forces of nature. The breath of the night was cool upon his brow. The shadows of the moonlight were wierd and beautiful, and, as be approached again the month of the canon, he lifted up his voice and sang, in an unnatural, thin, piping falsetto which frightened him ; " Come, oh, come with me, the tapster is wait ing; - . 1 ■ ' Come, oh, come with me, the ho tile's rotating. Come, oh, came with me, cold water is tree; And we will indulge hi a cap of iced tea." Then he closed his lips tightly over his teeth. "Would his strength hold out ? Or would he fall after a little and be un able to rise again f Hedidnot try to ring again, but after a little, to his great surprise and to his ajmoyanee as well, delicious niurie caiae to his ears. There, were the soft, rippliug notes of flutes, like the flowing of wuter. Thenhe heard, the shrill treiuulo of violins and the clear call of hngles, with the loud tenor and the mellow alto of horns. Then they were all mingled in a grand orchestral hurst that swelled louder and louder and died softly away. Bobinson was perplexed. He was out in the open now; ana trying to shape his course by the stars. That delirious, throbbing music was confusing to his senses, and he could not divine its source. Assuredly there was no living thing near him exceptthe deadly and uncouth vermin of the desert. .Yet, what was that wonderful virion just be fore ? He sank upon his knees and gazed in rapture. . The marble court of a palaee, and in its midst a pool of limpid writers, with broad steps of stone leading info them. The place was roofless, but Its gleaming walls were supported by stately columns ; elaborately sculptured. The moonlight threw abroad the shadows of these, ana,j was reflected from the "shining surface of! the water, evidently a bathing-place. for-i fairiav a fountain for nymphs." And now these came into view, beautiful milk-white forms, with round, swelling breasts- and long, waring hair, and anas ; outstretched in invitation, dancing to ; music from some source unseen, the swift ] notes of pipe, the reel, the twanging ; string- There were a score or more. ! They descended into the waters, and their white shoulders gleamed in the! moonlight as they stretched out their ] wiliowy, swinging arms and floated, with languid grace, npon the crystal tide. Through the mouths of sculptured dragons steams of water constantly re plenished the fountain, and their sugges tive gnrgle drove Bobinson frantic with desire. He rose to his feet and ran. Then fell again. The virion had dis appeared like the phantoms of a dream. There was nothing before him but that eternal waste, boundless and barren. Curses fell from liobinson's lips at this disappointment. And perhaps it was a punishment for these that a new foe assailed hiin. At any rate, from behind each shrunken desert hush around hiui j there sprang aimed men. who attacked ; liim and sought to despoil him Hobin- i son ran in fear. They were not. Indians, { who might by some chance have been ex- j peeled there, but warriors of another \ '■ race, huge-, stalwart men armed Aith i spears, shields, and nelmets. The thing j was ridiculous to Bobinson, though j awful. These soldiers were like the ; pictures of the Greek and Boman j warriors which he had seen in his school- : boots when a boy. He felt confident, although bis strength was so fearfully diminished, that be could distance those unwitldlv icemen with their antiquated equipment. He laughed in their faces as two or three drew nearer than the rest. Then he dung- off his coat, which he had worn until now, bared his sleeves, and turned to face them. Thev had gone, had vanished a s unexpectedly' as they came, ! and Eocinsou shrieke-d ana laughed in delirious joy. ***** On the morning of June 11th, 1S9-. young Martin Sogers, in camp on the Mojuve Desert, twelve miles from Old "Women Springs, had risen at daybic-ak, made a little fire of sage-bush, and pre pared himself a cup of coffee. Then he washed thoroughly the mouths and nostrils of the tvro mules, and gave each a few swaSows of water. There was very little water left, and Sogers, who was growing anxious, had nearly de cided to return to Old Woman Springs for more. He would await the return of his companions only one hour longer. During thathourhe constantly scanned the desert for a trace of his friends, and at last saw a strange, almost nneurthly figure in the distance, a form that kept disappearing and then coming iuto view, distinctly seen through the thin, dry, clear atmosphere. Now it would come straight ahead; now it would wander away in aimless circles; and now, again, it would drox> out of sight. Sogers toot a look at it through a glass, and made out that it was a tall man naked except for the shoes upon his ieet, -who kept fall ing to the earth. Eogers snatched up a canteen, un tethered one of the nrales, and, springing upon its back, hastened across the desert. In ten minutes he had come-no with the apparition and was kneeling beside the prostrate Eohiiison, pouring'between his black and swollen lips a few drops or water, carefully bathing his face, and. when the reluctant power of speech re turned, listening to the incoherent ravings of a mind which had lost all ■ sense of time ana place and its own identity, and wandered in a maze of horrible fancies. The words which came the nearest to having a definite meaning for Eogers were the following, which Eohinson kept repeating in his delirium : * "There isn't any chance for him. I -They're cunning little fellows." those coyotes, and their teeth are sharp. They're the highwaymen of the desert" 