OFICIAL pOETRt LOCALLY* MANUFACTUÃ1D. A GrkEAT CRICKET MATCH. (Bt TBI NISHT WlTCBXA*.] They came in all the flowerof youth, The Chiltern boys and sober, To meet the bold Excelsior lads That tenth of sweet October ; T^hey -came, tbe golden- coloured cream Of Chiltern's sons, to battle. And vowed, while scoring centuries, The foeman's stttaps they'd rattle. And when the spinning coin came down, The Chiltern boys they ' blowed' it; For ' head' it was, ihe foeman wbn, Nor luck this start foieboded ; The Prentice boys at onte came on, But I must hasten over The dashing innings they began, And ended, too, in clover. While howlers in succession tried A vain attempt at shunting, The flying hours sped on amain In wildest leather hunting; And still the War was waged apace, The war that knew no slaughter, For tbe Excelsior boy« could play The bowling wide, like water ! And soon the century was won, Then tbirty niue, more mildly, By sterling cricket all obtained And not by slogging wildly ; With ' two to fall' the Prentice boys Tboir innings closed instanter, And left their foemen on the field To barracking a&cl; banter. Again the story must be told> How âona of heroes olden The ancient British valour showed In Chiltern's valley golden ; With high resolve and martial mien, And British courage vaunted, Without tbe ghost of cricket funk They issued forth undaunted» The first he smote as if the stroke Went out from muscles oaken, And then a shout like thunder loud, As Martin's duck was broken \ A moment of expectant hope, As round the crease he pattered, But vain the hope—in Guthrie's next His blooming stumps were scattered 1 When Smyth made two, he put his leg Where batsmen place the willow, And then retired to dream of fame That night upon his pillow ! Tbe wickets now were falling fast- Yea, falling fast and faster, As Travis filled the deadly breach To stem the fell disaster. He smote with all his might and main And Chiltern's sky was rended When three, the highest score, was made By wood laid on, and splendid ; But while the barra.ck.ers around Their "bravos I" loud were crying, The demon Hicks sent down a ball That sent his wickets flying. Nor funk did Irwin show as he Strode down upon the wicket. With calm and cool and high resolve— Bold exponent of cricket I The Wristy stroke, the dashing play Should better be rewarded ; But, ah! alas! too soon he saw The awful " duck" recorded I Then Joe came on, the last resource Of Chiltern's high ambition, tnsloggittg form he sallied forth, And pink of high condition. A quack Was heard ! and Joe went down„ Went down without a warning I— And Guthrie with bis reeking scalp His brow was soon adorning. And Sundries made the highest score, And grief with rage was blended. While brooding o'er the ghastly deed Of six—and thus it ended 1 The battle great our sons will sing, And legends name hereafter, To children who will hear the tale With ringing roars of laughter. To sons and daughters yet to come. Will legends tell the story, Of cricket in the olden times And Chiltern's buried glory; And history repeat the tale, The tale to coming reader, As gleaned from out. the glowing page ! Of Chiltern's ancieut LBADBÇ, j i ' i ' LOCAL BAZAAR.—The Bazaar held under the auspices of the Agricultural Society was -opened -on Tuesday evening in tbe Star Theatre 'bv Dr. Harkin, President of the Shire. A good display of an attractive and interesting nature was made by the energetic youág ladies who generously devoted much time, trouble, and expense to the laudable cause. Miss Anderson aud Miss Gallager had. charge of the Fancy stall, and were ably asftiste&by; Miss Hutton. Miss Mc- Swiney, Mis» Gálik&her;, Miss McCraith, and the MiHses Page. At the Refreshment stall Miss Wenke and Miss Shaw presided, and had for their able coadjutors, Miss Black, Miss ICilgour, Miss "Sk«rry, .Miss Eiseman, the Misses Portch, and the Kisses Duncan. A fair patronage was accorded the young ladies, and a» the Bazaar remains open to the end of the week, a reward Commensurate with their labour will, -it is hoped, be derived 'from their enterprise. I^CBBTAINLT the best ®.edicine known is SAVDBR AND SON'S EITCALTPTI EXTRACT Test its eminently powerful effect in cougbs, colds, influsoDiza ; the roli'ef h instantaneous. In seriou* cases and accidents of all kinds be they wounds, burns, arcaldings, bruises, sprains, it is th» safest remedy—no swelling —no inflammation. 'Lflfe-'surprising effects reduced ia croup, diptheria, bronchitis, inanimation of the lungs, ^swellings, &c.; S diarrhoea, djrsentry, disease of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe; patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploitta at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article and reject all others.—ADVT 