A.NT TB E A Z., A WRrIER in the Stock ean Station Journal in an'article'on anthrak, thus describes .it:' ' The .germ of anthrai lives in the grass- with the otler,vege tables.? A sheep tikes it in ainogst the seeds. The sheep has asore noutl or a rough throat and .the speck of. anthrax gets into the blood and begins work. " That gerrn finds itself in the warm blood of the sheep and it growsv It doesn't want to get married, because it's a vegetable, so it just breaks up as it grows into more rods and they grow into more and more until every current of blood in the sheep's body is carrying millions of tlhem. Thle sheep keeps on feeding all th t ti ie; It iitiy be a plump, nice sheep, nid, to look at it, nobody would ever think there was anything the matter with it. You can't sea the germs in the grass, you can't tell what is going on in the blood of the animal, but 20 to 50 hours after the beast ges the first speck into its blood it stands still, drops its head, sways ahout, falls down, and is dead. That microscopic speck has divided and divided until the blood of the animal is full of poisonous specks and the sheep gives up the ghost. Now, what killed the sheep I The rods, of course; but you ask some great genius in the business and he'll tell you he' doesn't know. If he hasn'tstudied thesubject viry deeply, he'll tell you all about it, for I've found out that the only men who.know "all about" anthrax are the chaps who know least about it. But you ask a wise chap and he'll confess his ignorance. My own opinion is, but, mind you, it's only an opinion, that the miserable little vegetables set up some sort, of poison themselves in the mystic process of growth and so poison the sheep. What makes me think that is the horribly livid color that thetissues assume when the sheep dies. It may be, of course, that death ensues by the number of germs choking up the blood passages, or it may be that they eat up the oxygen in the blood, or you can't tell what it may 'not be. But this sure: The sheep dies and the blood if full of tiny rods that are all ready to start work in a new sheep at a moment's notice; or they'll start in a bullock or a man, or for the matter of that, in a guinea pig or a rabbit." Exchange. ___ 