WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, * Author of "Isbmael," "Dead Men's Shoes, "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," Ac., Ac. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIII.—(Continued.) The Dutch ships were at Chatham. English men-of-war were blazing at the very mouth of the Thames and there was panic lest the triumphing foe shouhTsail their warships up the river to London, besiege the Tower, relight the fire whose ashes were scarce grown cold, pillage, slaughter, destroy—as Tilly had de stroyed the wretched provinces in the religious I Here in this sheltered haven, amidst green fields, under the lee of Brill, the panic and consternation were as intense as if the village of St. Nicholas were the one spot the Dutch would make fctr after landing; and, indeed, there were rustics who went to the placid scene where tho infant stream rises in its cradle of reed and lily, half expectant of seeing uncouth Netherlandish vessels stranded among the rushes. Tho Dutch fleet was at Chatham. . Ships were being sunk across the Medway to stop the invader. Sheerness was to be fortified. London was in arms; and Brill remembered its repulse of Hampden's regiment with a proud conscious ness of being invincible. The Dutch fleet saved Angela many a paternalflecture, for Sir John rode post- haste towards London and did not return until the end of the month. In London he found Hyacinth, much dis turbed about her husband, who had gone as a volunteer - with General Middleton and was in command of a cavalry regiment at Chat ham. " I never saw him in such spirits as when he left me," Lady Parehaui told her father. " I believe he is ever happiest when he breathes gunpowder." Sir John's leave-taking had been curt and moody, for his daughter's offence rankled deep in his mind; and it was as much as he could do to command his anger even in bidding her good-bye. \- _ "Did I not tell you that we live in troubled times and that no man can foresee the coming of evil or how great our woes and distractions may be?" he asked with a gloomy triumph. "Who everthoughttohearDe Ruyter's guns at Sheerness or to see the Royal Charles led captive?_ Absit omen! Who knows what destruction may come upon that other royal Charles, for whose safety we pray morning and night and who lolls across a basset-table, perhaps, with his wantons round him, while ' we are on our knees supplicating the Creator for him—who knows 1 We may have London in flames again, and a conflagration more fatal than the last, th'ou obstinate wench, before thou art a week older, and every able-bodied man called away from plough and pasture to ■ serve tho king and desolation and famine where now plenty smiles at us. And is this a • time in which to refuse a valiant and wealthy protector, a lover as honest as ever God made, ' a pious conforming Christian of unsullied ' name, a young man after my own pattern, a fine horseman and a good farmer, one who loves a. pack of hounds and a well-bred horse, a flight of hawks and a match at bowls, better ' than to give chase to a she-rake in the Mall •or to drink himself stark mad at a tavern, in Co7ent Garden with debauchees from ■Whitehall?" ' Sir John prosed and grumbled to the last ' moment, but could not refuse to bend down •from his saddle and kiss the fair pale face that looked 'at him in piteous deprecation at the • moment of parting. "Well, keep a brave heart, Mistress Wilful. Thou are safe here yet a while from Dutch marauders. _ I go hut to find out how .much truth there is in these panic rumors." She begged him not to fatigue himself with too long stages and went back to the silent house thankful to be alone in her despondency. She felt as if the last page in her worldly life had been written. She had to. turn her thoughts backward to that quiet retreat where there would at least be peace. She had pro mised her father that she would nob return to the convent whil6 he wanted her at home. But was that promise to hold good if. he were to embitter her life by urging her to a- marriage that would only bring her unhappines's ? She had ample leisure for thought in one summer day of a solitude so absolute that she began to shiver in the sultry stillness of after noon, and scarce ventured to raise her eyes from book or embroidery frame lest some shadowy presence, some ghost out of the dead past should hover near, watching her as she sat alone in scenes whero that pale spirit had been living flesh. The thought of all who had lived and died in that house—men and women of her own race, whose qualities of mind and person she had inherited—oppressed her in the long hours of silent "reverie. Before her first day of loneliness had ended her spirits'had sunk to deepest melancholy; ana in that weaker condition of mind she had. begun to "ask herself whether she had any right to oppose her father's wishes by denying herself to a suitor whom she esteemed and respected, and whose filial affection would bring new sun shine into ..that dear father's declining years. She, had .noted their manner to each other during Denzil's protracted visit, and had seen all the evidences of a*warm regard on both sides. She had too complete a faith in Denzil's sterling'worth to question the reality of any feeling which his words and manner indicated. He was- above all things a man of truth and honesty. She was roaming about the gardens with her dog towards noon- in the second day of her solitude when across the yew hedge's she .saw white" clouds .of.dust rising from the high road andheavd the clatter of hoofs and roll of wheels •=-a noise . as of a troop of cavalry—whereat Ganymede harked himself almost into an apoplexy and rushed across the grass almost like a; mad thing. A great cracking of whips and sounds of voices, horses galloping, horses trotting, dust enough to whiten all the hedges and green sward. Aneela stood at gaze, wondering if the Dutch were coming to storm the old house or the country militia coming to garrison it. The Manor Moat was the destination of that clamous troops whoever they were. Wheels and horses stopped sharply at the iron gate in front of the house and tho, hell began to ring furiously, while other dogs, with voices that resembled Ganvmede'«, answered his shrill hark with even shriller yelpings. Angela ran .towards the gate and was near enough to see it opened to admit three blaclc aud-tan spaniels and one slimpersonage in along flame-colored brocatelle gown and a large! beaver hat, who approached with stately movements,, a small pert .nose held high, and rosy upper lip curled in patrician disdain of common. things, while a , fan of peacock's plumage that flashed sapphire and emerald in the fierce noonday sun was waved slowly before the dainty face, scattering the tremulous; life of summer that buzzed and fluttered in the sultry air. In the rear of this brilliant figure/ appeared a middle-aged person in a grey silk *gown and hood, a negro page in the Earehaan's livery, a waiting-woman, and a tall lackey, so many being the necessary adjuncts of the Honorable Henrietta Maria Revel's state when she wenfe abroad. Angela ran to receive her niece with a cry of rapture and the tall slip of a girl in the flame colored frock was clasped to her aunt's heart with a ruthless disregard of the heaver-hat and cataract of ostrich plumage. "Prends garde d'abimer mon cbapeau, p'tite tante," cried Henrietta, " 'tis one of Lewin's Nell Gwyn hats and cost twenty guineas without the buckle, which I stole out of father's shoes t'other day. His lordship is so careless about his clothes that he wore the shoes two days and never knew there was a buckle missing and those lazy devils his ser vants never told him. I believe they meant to rook him of t'other buckle." " Chatterer, chatterer, now happy I am to see thee ! But is not your mother with you ?' " Her ladyship is in London. Everybody of importance is scampering off. to London; and no doubt will be "rushing back to the country again if the Dutch take the Tower, but I don't think they will while my father is able to raise a regiment." "And mademoiselle," with a curtsey to the lady in grey, "has brought you all this long way. through the heat to see me ?' "I have brought mademoiselle," Henrietta answered contemptuously, before the French woman had finished the moue and the shrug which with her ever preceded speech, "and & fine plague I had to make her come." "Madame will conceive that in miladi's absence it was a prodigious inconvenience to order two coaches and travel so far. His lordship's groom of the chamber is my witness that I protested against such an outrageous proceeding." "Two coaches!" exclaimed Angela. " A coach and six for me and my dogs and my gouvernate and a coach and four for my people," exclaimed Henrietta, who had modelled her equipage and suite upon a reminiscence of the train which attended Lady Dastlemaine's visit to Chilton as beheld from I & nursery window. | "Come, child, and you, mademoiselle, must! be needing refreshment after so long a drive." ' "Our progress through a perpetual cloud of; dust and a succession of narrow lanes did' indeed suggest the torments of purgatory; but the happiness of madame's gracious welcome is an ill-sufficient compensation for our fatigue," mademoiselle replied with a cteep curtsey. "I was not tired in the least. We stopped "at the Crown at Thaiae and had- strawberries and milk," "You had strawberries and milk, mon\ enfant. I have a digestion which will not allow such liberties." "And our horses were baited and our people had their morning drink," said Henriette, with her grown-up air. "One. ought always to remember cattle and servants. May we put up our horses with you, auntie? We must leave you soon after dinner, so as to be at Chilton by sunset, or mademoiselle will be afraid of highwaymen ; though I told Samuel and Peter to bring their blunderbusses in case of an attack. Ma'amselle has no valuables and at the worst I should but have to give them my diamond buckle and my locket with his lord ship's portrait." Angela's cheeks flushed at that chance allusion to Fareham's picture. It brought back a vision of the convent parlor and she standing there with Fareham's minaiture in her hand, wonderingly contemplative of the dark strong face. At that stage of her life she had seen so few men's faces; and this one had a power in it that startled her. Did she divipe, by some supernatural foreknow ledge, that this face held the secret of her destiny ? She went to the house with Henriette's lissom form hanging upon her and the grey governess tripping, minciugly beside them, tottering a little upon her high heels. Old Reuben had crept out into the sunshine, with a rustic footman following him, and the cook was looking out at a window in the wing where kitchen and servants' hall occupied as important a position as the dining parlor and saloon on the opposite side. A hall with open roof, wide double staircase and music gallery, filled tlio central SDace between the two pro jecting wings and at the back there was a banqueting chamber or ballroom, wherein its prosperous days the family had been accus tomed to dine on all stately occasions—a room now shabby and grey with disuse. While the footman showed the way to the stables Angela drew Reuben aside for a brief consultation as to ways and means for a dinner that must be the best the house could provide and served at 2 o'clock, the later hour giving time for extra preparation. A capon larded after the French fashion, a pair of trouts the finest the stream could furnish, or a carp stewed in clary wine, and as many sweet kickshaws as cook's ingenuity'could furnish at so brief notice. Nor were waiting-woman, lackey, and postilions to be neglected. Chine and sirloin, pudding and beer must be pro vided for all. . ' " There are six men beside the black boy," sighed Reuben ; " they will devour us a wei's provision of butcher's meat." ' "If you have done your housekeeping, tante, let me go to your favorite summer- nouse with you and tell you my secrets. ■ I am perishing for a rete-a-tete! Ma'mselle," with a wave of the peacock fan, "can take a siesta and forget the dust of the road while we converse." (To Ic continued.) 