. " 1 . I, I II I _____ , — I ' ; ; L r THE GHOST'S EYES. Mrs. Robert Livingstone was a woman of upsrb dignity. Yet any ono of hoc oity friends would scarcely have recognised fcor in tbe ratbar > clumsy flguro . running and stumbling up the rough canon road that led from tbe lower bean- field, to the ranch-house, Her blaok skirts were not held up, bnt allowed to trail a little and catch the floe dust and tar-weed stain as sho hurried on. Nothing of trilling importance could have forced Mary Livingstone thus far to forget her elegant self, oveu aluno in n canon. . The fog was coining up from the sea aud Blowly closing in and deepening the shadows of ' tbe gorge. It was already late twilight, and tbe ioneliness and gloom of the place tortured her over- tenso nerves. A little owl flow with a shrill scroam ovor her bead, and she screamed with it. , A belated ground-squirrel rustled in the underbrush up tbe bunk, and she felt that nil the terrors of the jungle were upon her. A sharp turn in the trail brought her at last in view of the.house, and the welcome glimmer of a light gave her a little courage. She quickoned her steps still more in her eagerness, forgetting that the canon stream crossed the road at the bond, and missing the board she stepped in aukle-deep. Even this she scarcely noticed, but splashed on over the Blippery stones. It was only when she reached the gate, breathless and diahovelled, that sho seemed to be able to think. "I can't let Allen ace mo in this plight, she laid to herself. " Ho would ssk all manner of questions, and not be put oil', and I could not , tell him that. Ob, no, no 1" But just then a ' light, youthful figure appeared nt the veran dah steps, standing on crutches. " What makas you so awfully late, mother ?" he called to her. " 1 thought you never would come here," aud the thin, complaining voice was even a little more impatient than usual. , " Sing is on one of bis worst rampages, and is savage as hops because dinner is late. I was event afraid to ssk him to light the lamp, and X'vo been sitting out here in tho dark for ages. If tbero's a dish loft out there, it won't be his fault. Listen to that !" and just then a tin pan seemed to go spinning across tbe kitchen. ! " I am very sorry, my dear," said Mrs. Liv ingstone quietly, 11 but I was detained by the engineer. Ho says the thresher muebiue is broken, and ho must go to Rcco Grande to morrow for repairs. Some of the men were to be paid off, and I had their accounts to look ovor, I shall bo glad when your fathur gets home. Hirvestiug is too important a time for me to be left alone. ' Poor Allie. What a for lorn time you've had I Come iu. and we'll make up for it," and she preceded him to the dark little parlour. ,'g Quickly lighting the lamp, she Buid, " Turn St up more, dear, after it has burned a little, and toll Sing to huvo dinnor in live minutes," t and sho hurried to her room, leaving her son g. wondering vaguely that his mother's hand should (.tremble as she buid the match, nod 6ccrutly -wishing she had not loft him to face tbe irate Sing alono. j Allen Livingstone was 17, but long accus tomed to having every wind tompered for him, he was naturally timid and not a little spoiled. Mrs. Livingstone lavished upon bim that yearn ing and pasaiouate tenderness that a hopelessly crippled child calls forth from a mother's pity, I He was at onco her idol and her sorrow, and his slightest wish was law. H . Dinner at tho raneh-houEo was even more ( quiet thun usual that evening. Mrs. Living- .stone appeared tired and preoccupied, while rAllen fretted childishly over the rather warmed ' lop flavour of things on thot'ablo. j The offending Chinaman came and went in ' sullen routine. After the coffee, Mrs. Living stone put her arm lovingly over her son's shoul- ' "der«, and they went out to tbe parlour thus. | " I have a lovely scheme, dearest," she said, ("While father is away, I think it would be . nice for you to come over and sleep in your old room adjoining mine. It will be more sociable, . and we oau play at being younger again. What 7 do you think ? " W 11 1 don't mind," said- Allen, indifferently, . flighting a delicate oigarita. | The house was one of those primitve Spanish i structures, built of udobo, ono story, and three tides facing an open square— very pleasant and artistia with the deep verandahs, vine-covored and cool, and the little court always full of flowers and sunshine, but not so convenient and praetienl for everyday comfort as some more i modern plans for homos. Tbe main part of tho house la taken up by the living-rooms, leaving the sleeping-rooms in the wiegs and far separated. It was a trying time for Mrs. Livingstone, .when her husband insisted that Allen should fgivo up bis little bedroom next to theirs, which he had always occupied, aud go aeross tho J court. Tho boy was oo longer a baby, be said, jnnd he had , always ueodea that room for his | own private use. He wanted a place tor bis .Idesk and his books and tho big safe which held \;the family valuables and often considerable sums in gold and silver, as be preferred to pay his men in coin rather than by cheque in tho -nsual way. I But his wife had nover been reeonciled.to having her delicate child out of the sound of her voice at night, and many a time bad she stolon out in the durkness to listen at his win- flow to see that her darling was sleeping well, and to iudulge in a long moment of adoring worship, as she strained her eyes to see the pale face on tbe pillow. " I will go around tho verandah now, dear," sho said, osAllen smoked, "aud bring yon Ihiugs for the night. The couch is very comfortable, and it will ba lovely to have you buck." . (l Tbe chill air struck her unpleasantly as she opened the door. She shuddered a little and drew her shawl closer. I "What a fog!" she exclaimed. "The l»ans will bo sgoiu delayed. . It's worso than |the oonllict of haymokitig and showers in New (England." i Coming out of her sou's room a few moments later, with her arms full of her clothing, sho was startled by a Blight noise across tbe court. It , laoemed like some heavy thing dropping with Siss Bound than its weight would suggest. In be .misty darkness sho could see nothing. \- IMaiy Livingstone was known for and uoar as a (woman of unbounded coarnge and self-reliance. IHuring her husband's frequent business trips to \- :Esn Francisco she stayed and ruled tho little ikinidom liko a queeu. Not a man on tho ranch jbut was glad when Mrs. Livingstons was j" boss." The house in the canon was her tcastis, where sho and Alloi!, with the faithful iBing, abodo in Becnrity which none dared to pxnolsst. If anyone bud told hor a week ogo that. j this night she would ho u haunted oreature, trembling and unstrung, tormented by an evil, presentiment and dreading she knew not what, she would have laughed the prophet to scorn. , 1 1 he parlour door had been left a littlo ajar,, snd she pushed through it and on to her own' apartment. | " Please shut the door, Allie. My hunds pro full. I'll be ready for you soon." -1 Drawing the shades, she set resolutely to Work about making her eonVroom comfortablo tor the night. She dared not think, or she telt that she should scream from sheer nervous- >«... I Tbe dainty silver toilet articles which were hla- pride, sho arranged on the broad desk, end ... goon had the low .lounging-couch transformed ' Into an'inriting bed, with ovou a hot-water bag \- tucked in at the foot. Sho took from her closet-shelf bis little toy-like night-lamp, which bad been one of his childish idols, snd lighted It, and, after one or two littlo flnnl touches hero sad Uttte.Bha.cqUcdhigy ' " It's time small boys were astcep. Lock tbe front door, dear, and some. I have suoh a fanny story to rend to you." Allen hobbled in, a alight frown on his deliuate face ut being babyod, and surveyed'tho little ream. "It's as cold as a barn in here," be ssid, " What mikes it so cold I I don't want to go to bed yet." " Ob, yes, you do. It's getting latn. You'll soon - bo nico and comfortable in your old nest. You will llnd it warmed." " Oh, well, I suppose there is nothing olse-to do," be complained. " Whens'stho story ? " I'll begin it now, while you're gptting ready," and Mrs. Livingstone settled hetself by her lamp to read. In less than half «u boar she quietly peeped in to Had her boy fast asleep. She wanted to stoop and kiss the whito forehead, but duuiod herself lest sho should awaken him. Noarly closing tho door, she walked restlessly about her room a few moments, aimlessly touch ing this and looking at that. She took her account book nut of the dragglod dross sho had worn down the canon and looked it ovor a little, soon putting it aside. She tried to road, but tbe words followed each otliur under her eyes in an unknown tongue. She took up her Biblo, and even that seemed to hold no word of peace. Sometimes as people in great peril go over their past life, she fell to thinking of hers, but she was suou brought book face to faco with tbo present. The thought that she was struggling so to keep in abeyance, at last seemed to breslc its bounds and till hor soul with an irresistible fascination ; she dwelt upon it and did not try to put it aside. Three uights ago, at midnight, sho awskenod suddenly, being conscious of a noxious prcsenco near, and slowly there had grown from it two dark, glittering eyes close to her own, which held her g»xe with terrible inteatness. This evening in tbo canon they bad been there before her all the way, and she had almost succumbed to their terror. For iho first time she hud noticed thst tho brows and corners of tbe eyes wcro slightly upturned, like the Mongolian. What did it all mesn P The end was not yeti What would it be ? Tliese thoughts seemed to enthral ber. It was nearly 11 o'clock. Would it come to night ? Outside tho night was so deathly still and so icuely. Why didn't tho wind blow 1 Anything that would break tho spell upon hor, Shu turned tho light down, and throw herself wo'srily on the bed as she was. With tbe first stroke of the olock at midnight she woke from a troubled sleep. In a moment she bccsine distinctly conscious of a smoky odour, tbe unmistakable scent of a China man's ololbing. A slight noise on the floor caused her to sit up quickly. A man's head aud shoulders were slowly emerging from under tbo bed. One sickening moment she wivored. thou sprang out upon bim, boldiug bim down for an iustant j but he lurned, and there glared up at her those aamo ayes— the flond-like eyes of her vision, and tho man was Sing. She grappled with bim in superhuman strength, liow many desperate, struggling mo ments, sbe nover knew. It seemed on eternity. Not a word was uttered. She saw that bis superior strength must gain in tbo end. He constantly tried to reach for a knife which evidently was caught in some way, for ho failed to got it in his baud. At last Allen beard tbe noire and appeared at the door, almost fainting with fright. His mother spelled out to him, "G-e-t- t-h-s a-x-c q-u- i-c-k," and then adiled;' " Go to bed, ' child." Tlio boy had presence of mind to go around, as there were many looked doors in the way through tbe house. The Chinaman,, afraid of same oulside assist ance, began to beg. " Mo eatebeo money— mo no kill. You gib no kill. Yon no gib, me alieo same killee you, killie Allie, too. You gib key ? " Mrs. Livingstone said nothing, and in an incredibly short time for bim Allen came in, panting aud dragging tbe gleaming axe. The fiend saw it and became like a madman. Ho shrieked aud bit at the strong white wrists that bold bim like a vice. Ho foamed at the mouth in his fit of rsge snd fear. " Allcu," she said, " get the trunk rope in the closot— bo quick." After an almost hopeless struggle and a little woak help from hor son sbe mansged to tie one hand, then both together, and. had Allen make tbe ether end fast to the bedstead , Tbo rope was old, and if it gave way tboy were lost, for it was tbe only thing of the kind available. Hor Ituces were still on bis chest, " Allen," she commanded, " go from tho room and shut your door tight after you." He waB almost stupefied, but obeyed blindly. In another instant lie beard au awful blow aud a short shuffling sound, then a long moment of silence, but he dared not go in agaiu. Presently his mother appeared, holding her wounded hand. Bho looked to him, io the dim flight, like an old woman. Her face was ashen snd drawn, and hor dark hair had turned almost snowy whito. He looked at her mutely. "My dour," she said, slowiy, " God knows it was tho only way. He gave me' the power to savo us, or you and - I, AllBn, would this moment have been ill the traitor's place." Sho gave an involuntary shudder, but turnod and locked the door on tbo ghastly scene. Taking some antiseptic solution she bathed hor hund thoroughly and bound it up with some of Alton's handkerchiefs. Sho then sipped » small glass of whisky and water, and lay down beside her son. So the long night wore away. There have been few changes. in Seco Vallsy. The lima beans grow on tbe broad, sunny low lands, are harvested, and grow again. .- 'Iho canon brook ntill sings its love song to the blos soming hillsides. The owls and the mocking birds, tho squirrels and the lizards, live aa be fore, but the vinos run rampant over the broad piazzas of tho ruioh-houss in Seco Canon. Only a few complaining doves have tboir homo la tho low garret. When Mr. aud Mrs. Robert Liviugstono re turned to lira in Now York their friends wol ooraed them back with open arms,. It was "vuig w sua lUKuiirr uurn, nr. Liviugstono had not covered himself with glory' or lined bis purss with gold in his touching schomo ; but it was the change in Mrs. Living stone that exoited the most comment. Tho snowy hair, the restless, hunted expression, and absent manuor spoke of some stupendous ahangs from her own self. To only one trusted friend did she conflde the mystery of her life. Every night at twelve o'clock there appeared to her two fierce, bard eyes, which would not turn till aha was nearly beside herself with horror. 