A Blessing in Disguise. By Fitz. ' Charley, old man, I am getting awfully sick of this kind of life; is there no way out of it V ' Look here, Jim, it was to talk over that very subject I asked you up tonight; for myself, my mind's made up ; I am off to West Aus. — to Cool gardie ; of course I would like you to come with me, and if you see no pros pent—' ' I don't, Charley, none whatever ; it's a most infernal mess to be in, any how ; I declare to you, much as I love Amy, if I had the slightest inkling of such a misfortune as this happening, 1 would never have asked her to be my wife.' ' Not much use talking like that, now, Jim, is it 1 After all we are no worse off than hundreds of others ; we are retrenched out of the- service, and so ends that chapter ; the question is, ' Will you come with me V '? ' You know I'd like to.' ' Well, think it over ; of course it's awkward for Amy, poor girl.' 'See here, Charley, my Aunt called this morning and proposed to come and live with us ; she is verv fond of Amy, and has a little income of her own ; 'pon my word T believe it could be managed ; the great difficulty will be with Amy, I'm afraid.' ' Well, as you know, Jim, I'm a goodish bit older than your wife, but, from the time we. lost the ' mater, ' Amy was mother and sister to me ; just take my advice, put the matter straight before Jher, and rest.assured, DDfllir AnwiMi- whatever determination she arrives at» motives of self will in no way have influenced hrr.' ' I will, old num. I'll say good night now ; no, not another drop thanks.' ' Good night, Jim ; see you to morrow.' * # * Bayley-street, Coolgardie, on a Satur day night presents a sight, unique of its kind in the whole of Australia. The s-tably Afghan, the wily Htile Jap, the ubiquitous Chinaman, in fact representatives from every nation in the world, are to be encountered in the mot'ey crowd assembled there. The well-lighted stores and shops, the big hotels, the flaring bar rooms, crowded to overflowing, the sounds of loud talk and boisterous laughter, the frequent popping of Champagne corks, and the endless crowd of well-dressed men, are instances of money being no scarce commodity. ' By Jove 1 old man, it beats George street hollow, and Bourke street, Mel bourne, is a fool to it,' exclaimed Charley, as with Jim he stood in front of their hotel and gazed on the morn ing scene of life. 'By thunder! that's a voice I ought to know,' he said, and tun ing he caught hold of a tall dark looking man, with a flowing beard, who was stepping from the roadway on to the footpath. ' Hi, there ! Mate, where are you shoving to ?' The man with the beard turned fiercely, but on catching sight of his assailant exclaimed, '' Charley Bruce, by all that's holy ! and Jim Sullivan too ! Well this beats all. Here, come in, come and have a quencher. May I never strike it rich if this isn't the rummiest 20. Wait a bit, let me introduce you ; this is Mr. L ? , storekeeper, from over the way, »nd these \ Mr. L ? , are two old schoolmates, dropped from the clouds into Coolgardie streets this blessed Saturday night. Come and have a quencher.' After partaking of the quencher, '? in the shape of a bottle of fiz,' the four adjourned to Mr. L ? 's store, where after mutual c xplauations and much parleying, it w.is agreed that Jim should accept the position of book keeper to Mr. L ? , and Charley ac companying a prospecting expedition, which was being fitted out by Mr. L ? , the host of the hotel they had just left, and other business men, under the leadership of their new-found friend 'Dick Connors,' who had grad uated as a mining expert as well as civil engineer at the Sydney University. The united funds of Jim and Charley entitled them to a full share in the ex pedition ; und thus, sooner than they expected they were in harness, and Jim earning something to keep the liest warm at home. * * :|: Some six months later, towards the close of a fearfully hot day, Charley and Dick Connors wen? walking slowly up from their claim. A township of tents was spread be fore them, and hundreds of tired men were wending their way in their direction. 'I told you all along, Charley, (his was going to be permanent, and every day only confirms my belief. The stone is improving the deeper we go ; that last shot gave Splendid results.' ' Yw3, you're a true prophet, I be gin to think, Dick. I only wish it wasn't so confoundedly hot. Look at that ball of fire they call the sun, going j down in a blaze of splendour, as if to | assure us of another scorcher to- i morrow ; and, by jovp, talking of j scorchers, here comes a hike express. \ Now v?e shall have news, at all events,' i As he spoke, an express messenger dashed up on his bicycle and handed Connors a despatch. Hastily tearing it open, Dick handed Charley a letter addressed to him, and proceeded to read his own. ' By thunder ! this is glorious,' he exclaimed. 'L ? informs xne ho was lushed for shares. The assav panned out better than I expected. Company fully floated in two days ; we retain a large interest and have a com fortable cash - bonu3 to divide. It's -Eastward, ho ! Old man, we may eat our Christmas dinner in Svdne^ yet.' y 1 An exclamation from his friend made him turn quickly. / ' My God, Charley,' he said, ' what; has happened ? Have you heard some! terrible news % Or is it our good for tune that has broken you up 1 Foil God's sake, old man, don't look like that ! ' - ' Good fortune' replied Charley, bitterly ; ' good fortune has come tod late for some of us. Jim Sullivan lies dead— dead of fever in Coolgardie' ! and- entering the tent he threw him self on his bunk, face downwards. \ * * * \ It was fortunate for Mrs. Sullivan that her baby was born prior to hei receiving the account of her sad loss. The advent of that young life, so de pendent on her for its existence, help! ed to divert her thoughts, and enabled her to bear up under so terrible an affliction. ^ Nothing could have equal led the tender care and solicitude of her aunt, who, like the brave woman she was, nobly restrained her own grief ; and she dearly loved her dead sister's son, to in every way cheer and comfori the desolate young creature, so early widowed. Inexpressibly sad and worn, Amy looked, as she reclined upon a sofa and upon the thin, white hand, resting on the edge of the little cradle by her side. The blue veins showed painfully distinct. The old lady was seated near her, readingiu alow voice, when a ring at the front door occurred, and she was presently called out of the room. Left alone, the young mother turned her sad gaze upon the sleeping infant. Thoughts of poor Jim crowded on her. How happy they would have been had he been spared. How proud of his baby boy ! And this good fortune, which now she thought of only with loathing, as being the cause why she lost him, would, were he only alive, have so conduced to their happiness. The tears coursed silently down her wan choeks, till, hearing her aunt's re turning footsteps, she hastily wiped them away, and lay buck, closing her eyes, as if asleep. The ol 1 lady entered, and, after some hesitation, softly crossed the room, and, stooping down, kissed her. At the touch of her aunt's lips Amy sat up quickly. '? My God !' she exclaimed. 'You are crying. Your hands tremble! Oh ! aunty, what is it f' and her eyesj instinctively sought the little cradle. J 'No! no! my darling,' said th«| old lady, lifting the baby in her arms.] ' Baby is all right, my precious. Gods has been very merciful. Look at yourf baby, my sweet pet. There has beer! a terrible mistake, Amy, love. See darling ; baby is awake now. Charle] has comeback, love, and ? ' j Catching sight of a figure at th-| door, the dis.racted young creature! vainly trying to rise, stretched he| arms out piteously. 1 'Jim /' she screamed. I ' Amy ! oh, Amy !' came the re| sponse. I A quick rush across the room, and! Jim was on his knees beside the! couch, and phe was in his arms, Tb«i I -oor young thing, casting one grateful jlance heavenward, tried to clasp her lands around his neck, and fell for ward on his shoulder. Joy never kills, and Amy soon recovered consciousness. Later on, when they were all sufficiently coin -osed, Jim told his story. When he grew so ill in Coolgardie ihat he had to be removed to the lospital, almost his last conscious act was to give the doctor Cha-ley's iddress aud his aunt's, and to exact a -romise from him to send them word f the fever terminated fatally. Fever had been terribly rife all ihrough the summer, and Dr. S ? lad a frightful time of it ; at last he vtfs struck down himself. It was ate at nighb when he stood by Jim's -edside, who was then in a comatose state, with all the evidences of ipproaching dissolution upon him that the doctor finally gave in. He had just taken Jim's temperature, and, burning to the wardsman, he said, ' Poor fellow, his troubles will soon De over. Driscoll,' he continued, 'I lave taken the fever. I am going to ny room now, and will send word to Dr. B ? .' On despatching a note to Dr. B ? , he remembered his promise to Jim, who he was confident would not live the night, and wrote the letter that Charley had received at the '' Norse man,' and also wrote to the old lady in Sydney. Poor fellow ! Next day he was delirious, and for muiy weeks after lay fighting the ' grim battle,' oblivious (if Jim and all the world besides. But Jim did not die, how ever. Contrary to all expectations, he rallied from his deathlike trance, awoke free of fever, and, thanks to assiduous and skilful care and atten tion, rapidly regained strength. So, when some six weeks later, Charley, then on his way eastward, on arriving in. Coolgardie, hastened to the hospital to ascertain where his brother in law had heen buried, to his amaze ment and intense delight, Jim was convalescent, and able to be out of bed. On. learning the tei'tible mistake made so inadvertently, Jim was terribly excited. He insisted on returning immediately to Sydney. He would get there as soon as a letter. Charley had heard from the aunt, so he was aware that Amy had re covered in a great measure from the shock the news of his death had occa sioned. He decided not to wire, pre ferring, if he lived to reach Sydney, to carry the news of his resurrection in person. With much difficulty they got him down to Southern Cross, but from there the le t was easy. A lovely passage across the Bight helped him along bravely, and by the time they got to Sydney Jim, although only the ghost of his former self, was out of all danger and raoidlv regaining strength. Ic was a happy party — perhaps nob a happier in all Sydney — that was assembled down at Manly on Christ mas Day. They were sitting out on a balcony, facing the wide Pacific, and even the baby seeimd to participate in the general happiness, and to realise how near to being left father less, as he had tight hold of Jim's finger, who was leaning over him as he lay in his mother's lap. The old lady — God bless her! --the picture of contented enjoyment, looked on smil ingly, and Charley lazily smoked his pipe. 'Well, old man,' said Charley, emitting a cloud of smoke seaward, ' what at the time we thought so terrible a misfortune, our being re trenched from the ' Lands ' has, after all, you see, turned out to be a blessing in disguise.' 