FAREWELL; Tne capacity~ of the Presbyterian Church 1 on Sunday evening was severely tested by the very large congregation which as sembled to hear the Rev. M. G. Hart's parting sermon. ' The text was.taken from Acts, 20th ch. - 18v;.: "Ye know from the first days I caie' into Asia, after what manner I have been. with you at all seasons, serving. the Ldrd with all humility of mind; and with many tears and temptations, which befel men by the lying in. wait of the.Jews. And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught ycu publicly and from house to house." The reverend gentle man said that they knew from the first day he had set his foot in Footscray by what manner he had been with 'them at all seasons. St Paul was just three years in Asia, but he (the preacher) had been with them nearly eight years, and as Paul was known in Asia during three years, surely during his eight years stay in Foots cray he was well known, both in the temporal and spiritual sense. From the first day of his arrival in Footscray he made it a matter of prayer that the Almighty would bless his ministry. Did they ever hear a nian say that he had served God with temptation. Paul had done so, and he too had done it for hlie had buried a loved one in Footscray, so that he had served in all humility, and with tears and temptations which were only known to God.. Paul said that he kept :iickzdiothing thrit was profitable, and he 'liht$ht lieh'ould say the sam'e. He might hie"rea-d them some very nice essays from "the pulpit; "and the people would have exclaimed "What delightful ser mons," but would they have saved souls ? A preacher was not an essayist; preaching was a divine fire from Gad. The prophets of Israel were preachers, not essayists they had messages to deliver which the essayist had not. Paul said : " I taught you from house to house." If he (the preacher) had failed them at all it was in visiting, but as far as he knew he had never refused to attend a sick person's bed-side. Though he had not visited as much as he might, he had never gone round the district scandalizing another person's neighbour, he had never added to the gossip of the town, and he believed that his dear wife could say the same. He hlad been with them in the hours of their deepest sorrows, had stood 'beside them when the clod was thrown upon the form which they once loved. He had been with the young men in their happiest moments, had married some of them, and thus like Paul le had preached to them publicly, and had gone from house to house comforting, praying, speaking and singing the gospel. He was going witlh the fullest liberty to Tasmania, and would 'do in the Spirit. When he came back 'from Tasmania last time, he took tip the Bible and read the 12th chap. Ezekiel, in which he read the following : "Therefore son of man prepare ye stuff for removing, and remove by day in their sight, and thou shall remove from thy place to an other place in their sight." He believed that that was a message to hire. Two years ago he had a call, and had now re ceived another from the same city. There was a Sunday School of 500-eight hun dred sheep and lambs to look after-a great work. He thought a change here would do both him and the congregation good. The rat in the barn got so used to the noise around it that it took no notice of it. He was afraid that in this respect the people were like the rats. They got used to the preacher's voice, and in the end took very little notice of him, and yet he thought there were many present who would be ready to testify that they had berefitted by his ministrations. One reason of his departure was that he be lieved that his work was more j? the evangelistic than the pastoral li" ' Some people copld preach and preach until the fongregsaton went to sleep, but he was not built for that kind of thing, and could fore? ih t I efra had said to him ~'.Get out of Footscray, if you don't I'll pull you out." But he did not wish to be pulled. out, nor did he wish to be kicked out, and he certainly did not wish to be starved -out. Wherever he went they might be sure that the gospel would be pretty well sounded. He advised them to stick to their church. They would never find a perfect church this side of heaven. Some Christians were like the old Scotch couple who reduced the number of the elect down to themselves. The old man said to his wife, "Well I am no very sure about you," and thus he concluded that he was the only one going to heaven. He commended them to God and the Bible, and felt that he was leaving Foots cray and the church without animosity to anyone. He might have foes, but he was a foe to no man, and he freely forgave them who had any antipathy to him. Of osurse he has made mistakes here. Was there a man who had not made mistakes ? He did not pose as a perfect man. He stood up for the old doctrine of faith. If it were to bring the roof of the house down on him, ,still he would preach what he believed to be the teaching of~flid Holy Ghost, that while we are in this body there will be sin in the flesh, and it is only by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost that it could be got out. He thanked all the friends of the Presbyterian church for all the help they had given him, they might have given him more, but he thanked them for the help they had given him. He thanked the teachers for helping God's work thtere, and thanked thie financiers of the church. He would ask God to bless the church; and he hoped that God would place a man there who would preach faithfully as he had done. 