Smoke-Ho. These are 40,000 empty houses in Mel bourne and suburbs at the present time. Amongst the gifts presented to ft, Cool- ™wtte bride on the auspicious occasion ot fer HiddKg a week or two ago was a 2000 mdlnn water tank. THE democratic journal, TrA will be hmed I in Gympie on the 27th June. The * «S»r ' journals won't llke ZVtt*» cever' -? theless it will prevail. . « A County Councillor of Aberdare, Wales, i who is a -wKefow by trad*, recently ad ZLine a meeting of the local butchers' i slaughterers, and feliow-siiiMiSESi ? r — ^fSsliacs-^hlcHTSe now playing sudh havoc amoagst Queensland cattle in the ! forth are said to have been first introduced to this continent by the camels that were jmnnriMd into South A.UBtralift. Governor Norman used to supply toe bandsmen who discoureed music at the Government-house, Queensland, with pig brand stout, in bottiea. Governor. Mumng i; ton supplies them with colonial purge out I of a bucket. \ [ Joseph Alien was let off with a cautioa I &t; the Eockhampton polioe court for being I dmnk at Kabra. The -evidence- given ag&iast; Joe by Sub-inspector Dillon went to show that he was kept ©n a chain by the \ police from 10 in the morning until 10 at BlgUV. The maddest man in Melbourne ib the individual who stole a bottle of hock from a wineshop and then when be went iuto a lute to satpple it, found it to be water, He immediately handed himself over to the polioe as a victim of misplaced confidence, mingled with mortification at beiug caught sieseily. A Sunday school boy at Birmingham, Bog , bf iog asked to write all he knew about Abnharu, wrote: 'He was the fetherof Lot and had tew wives, one was called Hismale and tot her Haggnr. He kept one at home, and he hurried totner into the desert, where *he became a pillow of salt in the day time ana a puiow oi nre acnite.' Ex-inspector Reid, retired from the police force of Modern Babylon, said ; ** I have beard wretched women of that class, fterviog, homeless, unhappy creatures, in t&emiHery; of their debased life .Eorgam for Jack the Ripper — pray for him to come to them and their misery. And I saw chiidreu in the street when the scare was at its height laughing and skipping1, and enjoying life playing at the game of the Hipper*' WhUfit Plutocracy screams ' On with |ho dance !' 'Tbebs are BOD English companies farmed for the working of West Australian mines' (says tne uemumn express}, 'Tueirannual capitalisation is 09,300,000. Of this mim £28,540,000 is, or has to bo, spent in purchase consideration?, leaving the working capital at about £11,000,000. How miDBs can be successfully worked ' under such conditions it is impossible for us to divine. Poor unfortunate John Bull !' A WEiBD-LCQKtNG ghost one eight last week emerged from the Adelaide cemetery and in grave-like tones told Thomas Meddal that he came to claim him. t 'Take roe then,' said Thomas, and flourishing & shillelagh he used it with such effect as fairly knocked the spirit out of his ghost ship. Thomas neicti morning took the ghost before the polioe magistrate, who effectually laid him out with a fine of £4 5s. The Imperial Federation League of Victoria, which is composed -$ all the holy and unholy grovellers in Melbourne, presented an address of welcome to Brapney at a tntb of ^10 lls. 5 d., ami a tnost pottentioufi piece of drivel Lit was. The j^guegot Tbitten in the gone-bung Metro politan Bank to the extent of £49 IBs. til, and it ban now changed its account Into the Swinse Bank, notwithstanding that out of tbe 136 members composing the League, at least 120 are strougly opposed to State control. A wholesome, bub unpalatable, truth U thus spoken by the Wovdye Vremya, a Russian paper: 'The eulogies upon Jameson, in which even tho Poet Laureate n&B; joined, reveal thoroughly the character of the English. They have never doubted their right to attack their neighbours in a piratical manner, albhougb they have never before shown theuiselves in their true colours to euch an extent. It is to be hoped that every civilised Government will .in future remember that filibustering is upemy sanctioned by the countrymen ot Jameson and Rhodes'.' A wholesale butcher in Richmond (Vic.) left the local council's abattoirs.be C&U88; of the stricb supervision exercised over the slaughtering of beasts. The council appointed a committee to inquire into the way in which he ' ran ' his private abattoirs, and on a visit by that body it was found that two beasts had just been slaughtered which were in the worst stages or tuberculosis. There was not the slightest supervision to prevent the rotting carcases from entering into human con sumption. It is unnecessary to say that we anil. Socialist party are the loudest mouthed in such an instance as thie,-fur mil and complete State supervision. 