THE TURF. RACING NOTES. [By "Mentor.' With anything lilte good weather on Satur day the Adelaide Racing Club should have a bumper attendance on the Oid Course to in augurate the new season's racing and their Grand National meeting. Everything about the place is now in excellent order, and no doubt public interest will display itself, both in the attendance and the totalizator returns. The lirst race is placed on the card to start at half-past 1 o'clock. For the Welter Handicap there are 22 ac ceptors, with Danbydale at the head of the list, 1) st. 10 lb. It is some time since he had a win, but it must not be forgotten that he won a welter race over this distance on the G;d Course. Next comes Pitehery, 1) st. 7 lb., who won a race last Hi ay, but lias not been to the front since. L'rout, 0 st. 5 lb., is also engaged in the Buxton Handicap, and will run weil in one of these events. First Bolt,!) st. 5 lb., has been up at Mount Gambier in charge of 11. Hopwood lately, and ran up there as a winner a short time ago. Ho did not perform extra well, however. As his work has not been seen down hero it is hard to judge his form, but on one or two of his victories in the Adelaide district he ought to have a chance in this race. Happy Jack, !) sc., will need to show more brilliant form than ho has up to tho present. S tafia, 8 st. 11 lb., has also a"second engagement in tho Lightning Handicap. Ho la Volt a, 8 st. 9 lb., would be more at home on a shorter course. Mom pa, 8 st. 7 lb., on track ; performances and country form should have a \ chance over this distance. Supposition, 8.st. 7 i lb., is engaged in tho Buxton Handicap with ' nearly 2 st. less, and for which ever race her connections fancy liershe should bollard to beat. Nackara, 8st. o lb., has been a disappointment, to Ins backers since ho won the New Year's 1 Gift. Fair Saxon, S st. (> lb., is also booked for the Lightning Handicap, and on her j second to Kase should have a show in which- I ever race she is backed for. Conscript, 8 st. j 4 lb., has been going to win several times, ' but lias not done so yet. Rosed ale, S st. 3 lb., | should run well. Clytcmnestra, 8 st. 2 lb., we ' no not care for, although she is trained in the | same stable as Supposition. Snowdrift, 8 st. j 2 lb., is outclassed here. Of the seven horses in the S st. division probably First Master will be found to be the best. We give our vote for . PITCHERY or MOMPA ] to win, with Supposition and First Bolt for j places, whilst Trout with a start should havea chance. In the Grand National Hurdles Black Flag, 12 st. Slit, deservedly holds the pride of place. He had several successes to his credit before the Grand National Hurdle ; Race in Victoria, for which event he was j backed down to (i to 1, liis last win being at1 Williarastown, with 11 st. 2 lb., over one and ; three-quarter miles—time, 3 inin. 27 sec.— j Zourotr being second, with 9 st. 10 lb., and i Woonoke, 11 st. 0 lb., tliird. He has not doue much since the National, and probably the spell will do him good. Radiant, 11 sr. 7 lb., started winning at Gawier, and followed it up at the S.A.J.C. and Port Adelaide meetings. Bud the cattle he has to meet this time are far superior to the competitors in those events. Jack Sprat, 11 st. 4 lb., we have j a preference for, as the going will suit him and ! he lias proved himself a good horse. Ensign, 10 st. 11 lb., we hardly think is ready. Con ventioner, 10 st. 11 lb., showed good form at Tattersall's meeting, winning with 9 st. 12 lb. from Gaillardia, 9 st. 2 lb.; Gipsy Queen, 9 st. ; 71b., third. He has gone up 13 lb. for that I victory. Flood bird, 10 st. 7 lb., should have j won the race when Haveloek beat him and on several occasions has run into a place over a distance. Nalpa, 10 St., is in the'same stable as Baccarat and if the master fancies either of them they should run well. The Golden King, 9 st. S lb., was going very well in the. Tattersall's Hurdle Race when he stumbled and nearly came down. He jumps Very well and has plenty of pace. Of the reniaining quartet Encounter, 9 st. 0 lb.; Isinglass. 9 st. 6 lb.; The Goose, 9 st. 3 lb.; and Bombastic, 9 st., the latter appears to be the best. In giving a cast for the winner we must name BLACK FLAG, with Conven tioner, Jack Sprat, and Golden Kino for the places. The following are the j'rabable starters and riders :—Black Flag, 12 st. 2 lb. (F. Wise); Radiant, 11 st. 7 lb. (T. Curtin); Jack Sprat, 11 st. 4 lb. (J. McGowaa); Ensign, 10 st. 11 lb. (J. Beveridge); Couventioner, 10 st. 11 lb. (Thompson); Floodbird, 10 st. 7 lb. (F. Barr); Haveloek, 10 st. 7 lb. (P. Deveuey); Nalpa, 10 st. (S. Ferry); The Golden King, 9 st, S lb. (H. Hiscutt); En counter, 9 st. 0 lb. (Gebhert); Isinglass, 9 st. 6 lb. (L. Pile); The Goose, 9 st. 3 lb. (J. O'Toole); Baccarat, 9 st. 31b. (Williamson); Bombastic, 9 st. (Burns). The Fulham Park Plate, three and a half furlongs, next claims attention as the first of the two-year-old races of our season. This race has been liberally endowed from the time of its first inception by the late Mr. William Biackler. The club have this year made the stake worth 300 sovs., the second horse getting a fair stake out of it (70 sovs.), and the third 30 sovs., which appears to be a wise division of the money. Including one from Melbourne there are 10 entries, but we have heard nothing of Bon Mot being likely to come over. At the head of the list we find Mr. J. Reed's Selection, so named because his owner selected the youngster from the ring at Newmarket. She is by Robinson Crusoe—Tragedy, and a very nice looking brown filly of tlie Quality stamp, and we hear is doing very well with Bay at Loikleys. Mr. Bladder's Rose Park, a sister to Marryatville, is in the hands of Quinn, and therefore well -eared for. Security, by Pad lock—Queen Eliza, was bought in Melbourne, and is doing remarkably well on the track. Mr. David Jamas has a couple in, namely Talisien, by Nautilus — Ursula, and Lord Salisbury, by Thunderbolt — Pantoufle —the latter a very fine - looking colt. Mr. Pilkington is represented by Hoppo. who may' be heard of later on, and C. Foon's Smithereens, by Enfilade—Conjecture, is re ported to be very smart. Mr. Forward's Firelock, by Enfilade—Rustle, is a nice colt, but unfortunately hurt one of his legs when he fell this week at a trial of the starting machine. The injury, though slight, inter fered with his_ work a bit. T. Kiely's Respond, by Richmond—Encore, comes of a good family, but may not be so forward as some of the others. From what we have seen of the work and condition of the contestants we think Quinn will add another Fulham Park Plate to his credit with SECURITY, whilst Lord Salisbury^ and Talisien should make a fight for the positions. The Lightning Handicap follows, of six furlongs, for which there are 15 candidates, and for this event we like best the chances of DIADEM, Nomadic, Princess of Wales, and Fair Saxon as named. The Selling Steeple comes next, and as RORKE'S DRIFT is left in the race with a start he should win from Juliet and Wood field. The Buxton Handicap concludes the day's programme^ and this event, over a mile and a quarter, should he won by VIKING, with Quinn's Best and Kirkby for the positions. In the local betting market on Thursday 75 to 25 was laid straight out about Blaclc Flag for the Grand National Hurdle Race on Satur day, also 40 to 10 Couventioner. In doubles 500 to 124 was laid Black Flag and All Fours, 200 to 4 Conventioner and Young Lucifer, 200 to 2 Nalpa and Sir George, 100 to 1 Conven tioner and Taradale, Ensign and The Ghost, 100 to 14 Conventioner and Juliet, Conven tioner and Doric, and 100 to 2 Jack Sprat and Rorke's Drift. U. Howie, the son of the well-known horse owner, R. Howie, of Baliarat, lias reached Adelaide from Queensland, and is available for a mount in hurdles or steeple at the forth ■coming meetings. It will be remembered that Howie rode Taradale a winner at Morphett ville on New Year's Day. The fractions at the last S.A. Tattersall's race meeting have been allotted to the follow ing institutions:—The distressed and disabled jockeys'fund, £10 10s.; the House of Mercy, Walkerville, £2 2s.; the Children's Hospital, £3 3s.; St, Margaret's Convalescent Home, Semaphore, and the Home for Incurables, £2 2s. each; the Home of Providence, Franklin-street, £1 Is. 3d.; total, £21 0s. 3d. The Hunt Club will meet on Saturday at the bridge over the Torrens to tlie north of Fulham cross-roads at 2.30 p.m., and run to Wood ville. A coursing meeting will be held at Penola, on the Yallum Estate, on Wednesday, Sep tember 2, for all ages, unlimited. The Spring meeting of the Millicent Race Club will take place on Wednesday, September 23\. ^Tke principal event is a Welter Handicap. Mr. James Redfearn, the owner of Maivolio and Ascot Vale, intends starting a stud farm in the Goulburn River district. The Tasmanian jumper Hero, won the Hurdle Race at Aspendale rather easily on Tuesday. Halifax, the favorite, broke a blood-vessel in the race and could get no nearer than third. The Chainshot colt Bombshell is now on his way to England, 1,000 guineas bavin" been given for him. He was the crack tw<> year-old in New Zealand last season. Bomb shell's sire, Chainshot, is already in Eng land. The annual meeting of the Victorian Club was held on Tuesday evening, in the club room, Mr. A. Anderson pre siding. The report of the committee of management showed that tlie year had been financially successful, as, thanks to economy and careful superintendence, tho investment funds had been increased by £500 to £3,215 12s. (id., and the credit balance at the bank was £448 lUs. 7d., as against £277 9s. lOd. last year, while the membership iist had also been increased by 38. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report, and congratulated the members upon the sound position of the club as disclosed by the glowing balance-sheet (says the Aye). Mr. A. Joseph seconded the proposition, ami eulogised the excelleut management which had placed the club in a more prosperous position i than was held by any similar club in tho colony. He specmllv complimented Mr. Buddy, secretary, auc?Mr. J. Byrne, manager of the club, upon the success of their work. Mr. L. L. Smith and Mr. W. H. Short were re-electc-d members of the committee, and Mr. Alexander Pearson and Mr. G. 0.11, Fenuer auditors. Mr. Agar Wynne, M.L.C., of Ballarat, lias purchased for stud purposes in Australia tiie two-year-old Grafton, a brown colt, by Galopin — Maid Marian, lie secured him for fitO guineas at tiie sale of the stud of the late Baron llirsch, at Newmarket. 011 July 1. It is stated that Baron llirsch gave 3,500 guineas for the colt. Grafton will not be shipped for some time (says the London correspondent for the Ar-;vx) as he is entered for a race to come off in August. Mr. Wynne was 110 doubt influenced in his purchase of this colt by the fact that he possesses some of the same strains of blood ; Musket. iusket. Maid Marian is by Hampton from Quiver, who is a sister in blood to Musket, by ■ Toxopkolite, from a mare by Young Melbourne | from Brown Bess, by Camel. The vote carried by the V.ll.C. against the racing of two-year-olds before October 1 is a move in the right direction so far as Victoria , is concerned, but will not alfect this colony. : It is admitted when the Morphettville and other Booth Australian yearlings enter tiie sale-ring at Newmarket in March that tiicv are far more advanced than the youngsters of the sister colony. Our climate is at least six weeks earlier than that of Victoria, as can be proved by fruits, &c.;, that are placed upon the market in Melbourne, and tiie fact that the Spring meeting of the S.A.J.C. is held on September I and 5, ancl what is virtually the Spring meeting of the A.lt.C. commences on Saturday next, when the first two-year-old race of the season, the Fulham Bark Plate, will be contested, and the Morphettville Plate and the Derby are run in less than a fortnight later, whilst the V..LI. C. Maribyrnong Plate and Derby will not be run until Saturday, October 31. Such owners as Mr. William Bailey, wiio made a long stay in; Adelaide after the Birthday meeting, ad mitted that his only chance of winning with two-year-olds early in the season was to pur chase the South Australian bred ones, who are always more advanced than the others, even if they have the had luck to be beaten, as various things can account for a. defeat, whereas the fact is established that the majority of our youngsters are early coiners. There is also another aspect to Mir. Lloyd's motion, and that is that certain clubs in Victoria have been encroaching on the calendar from season to season, until we find the once im portant Maribyrnong Plate is robbed of its interest and owners are unable to obtain any thing like the betting they could in the old days. Under the new arrangement the Plate will again recover its prestige, and we may expect to see it united with the Derby and Cup or straightout books being opened upon it, as was the case in the. time of the Thompsons, when thousands of pounds were wagered over this event. The Loebiels are commencing to look up again in New South Wales. A double win for Loch Pad, a son of the New Zealand Cup winner of 1SS7, was recorded at Moorefield, and following this up lie scored at Rosehill 011 July 4. At the same meeting Survivor, a two-year-old by Lochiel, after winning the opening event, put up a 7 lb. penalty and captured the last race on the card. Survivor is spoken of as a colt of much promise and likely to do his sire good service. An English writer comments as follows on the state of the track at Royal Ascot:—This year at Ascot upwards of £10,000 in money will be added by the race fund to the various stakes, and the track is still a disgrace to civi lisation and an outrage on common sense. I have read of late many a glowing description of the prospects of the field for the forthcom ing Ascot Gold Cup. There has been, in 10 years, a " grand " total of 00 runners for this trophy, giving an average of four and one eighth per race. And I have a sort of idea that if the prestige of the Ascot Gup is to he restored there is something more than money necessary to restore it. In dry weather the track is almost certain to injure some part of a horse's understandings. In wet there are pools of water at intervals, and the jockeys are far more puzzled how to select the best ground than ever they were at Hamp ton iu the old days, when there were picnics to be avoided all over the place. Iclo not imagine for a moment that anything will be done during the lifetime of most of us to im prove the state of things at Ascot, but with the chief meeting of the year cursed with the worst running track in the universe we have no reason to wax too proud over the way in which racing is conducted in the " old country." We have been asked to advocate the insti tution of a few races confined to geldings only, says the Sporting Times of Slay 23. As racing exists for the purpose of promoting the breed of horses, we could not at first see how geldings were to improve that breed, but on examination we can plainly discern that there is something sound in the idea. Recently we travelled to Cobliam to see the Australian sires with Mr. Gollan, a large breeder in New Zealand. Ho expressed astonishment _ at there being so many bad entire horses in this country. Said lie—"In New Zealand when we find that'a horse is bad we cut him, but here you keep him and let him get others worse than himself." If a few races for geldings were to lead to the "altering" of horses that otherwise would become worthless sires a point in breeding would certainly be gained. It is the colonel of a cavalry regiment who has made to us the above suggestion, and though at the first glance we were not with him we are now satisfied that his proposition is a thoroughly sound one, and is worthy of the consideration of the Jockey Club. Referring to racing in California the Breeder (aid Sportsman of May 30 says:—We can think of but seven horses in all American turf history that ran as me.ny as six races and retired from the turf unbeaten. They were American Eclipse, Ball's Florizel, Norfolk, Asteroid, Sensation, Tre'mont, and El llio Rey. The last-named, bred in this State, was a mem ber of this glorious band. His sire, Norfold, also on this list, lived for 25 years in California, and contributed much toward making her as famous as she is throughout the world. * Within the confines of this State lives the horse that has stood either at the top of the stallion list or close to it for years—Sir Modred. We can f also congratulate ourselves over the fact j that the greatest racer of the century, ' Ormonde, lias a home within our borders, and as he has shown the ability to reproduce his wonderful self, the glory of California will be still greater as the years roll around. Australia and New Zealand are well repre sented here by Darebin. Loyalist, True ~ ~ Mred. Wu also Briton, Artillery, and Sir Modred. ,, <= have at the stud Racine, the first horse to run j a mile in 1.3!!'r over an oval course iu a race. ; Raneho del Paso is the most extensive stock ! farm on the continent, if not the world, its | paddocks contain horses of the most royal ! breeding from England, Australia, and New I Zealand, as well as matrons who were rated in I their day as queens of the turf. There, Sal j vator, holder of the world's record, at a mile, I makes his home. Near Los Angeles is famed Santa Anita raneho, home of Emperor of Norfolk, Gano, Clara D., Sister Anne, and hosts of other celebrities. On behalf of the committee of the A.R.C. Mr. Heseltine has sent invitations to his Ex cellency the Governor and suite to be present j at the meeting, and should his Excellency's en (gagemeuts with Lord Brassey prevent his at i tendance to-morrow a member of his family or I suite will represent Government House. Some good work was done 011 the Old Course I 011 Thursday morning, a large number of spec I tators being present, despite : the adverse weather. Lord Grenviilo was the first to put i in an appearance, and he did good work over a : distance. Wahiue ran along for six furlongs. • Gipsy Queen and Juliet performed an excellent I gallop over two miles in 4 mill. :!; see., the grey ■ marogoing very well and heatinghercoinpanion. ; Rorke's Drift did serviceable^ work over ' a distance, with ail increase in the pace ! the last few furlongs. His companion, Black i Flag, was sent over two circuits at a good 1 working gallop, the first in 2 mill. 12 sec., and the last in 2 min. 2j- sec. Dick Whittington worked over once round pace. This colt hurt his leg when he fell last Moi " at the starting machine last Monday. Barter performed useful work over a distance. Confi ; denee covered over three miles at half and j three-parts pace. De la Volta, Conscript, and | Carmelite were bracketed over a mile, run in i 1 min. 53A sec., with Conscript in front ! of De la Volta at the finish. All i Fours did useful work over four ' miles. Doubloon worked steadily over twice round. He had his shoes off, which 110 doubt accounts for his gallop with Wahine 011 j Tuesday. Haudover did steady pacing, with 1 a brush home. Bombastic, Jack Bp rat, and Radiant were bracketed iu their work, coining home the last round at a sound pace in 2 min. :f sec., finishing in that order. Diantlms and The Roya list were companions over : a mile and a quarter run iii 2 min. 23-1 sec., finishing together. Simple .Jim per formed useful work over a couple of turns. Young Lucifer, looking well, was down, and did serviceable pacing with IL.Hopwood in the saddle. Encounter, looking li ght, per formed at a medium pace. Trout's mission was half and three-parts pace over about two miles. Couveutiouer, looking better than when he came down, did sound pacing over a distance. Havelock worked over a distance with a spurt home. Fishwife went about four miles at a strong pace. , Consequence worked strong on the cinders. Gailiardia and Longbow did steady pacing. Home Rule exercised over two miles at a mixed pace. Wood field, looking better than when he last raced, did nice work. Ivirkby got to the end of a mile and a furlong in 2 nun. 7:i see., going very well. First Bolt worked over a circle at a steady pace. Angler ran a mile in 1 min. 5'Q sec. Jackeroo worked 011 the cinders. The Count ran his last mile in 1 miu. nli.j- sec. Sir George worked in neck sweaters. Mom pa. ran over once round in 1 miu. 581 sec. Helena negotiated a round at a strong pace. Isinglass and Snowdrift came home tho last mile iu 1 inin uSi see., Isinglass in front. Kase and First" Master negotiated seven furlongs in 1 min. 88 see., finishing together. At Morphcttville on Thursday morning the gallops attracted a let of attention. Miracluin and Thunder qmeen were dispatched together for a good once round. Doric performed good steeplechase work. Respond and Fleet Admiral worked at a steady pace. Vie ing (Wiilis)was seat a good gallop over a once round, run in 2 m;u> 44 see., with Concussion waiting and bringing iiiin home the last half mile. Port Admiral (Jacques) and Pitehery (Rum) ran a circle in 2 nun. 42 see. Danbydaie (Grillilhs) and He.tr Hear (F. Burn) were companions over six luriougs, 11111 ill 1 min. 28 see. Diadem and Treiicalto negotiated six furlongs at a fast pace, both going well. Alveary left live furlongs behind her in 1 min. S sec. Ciytemnestra got over mile at an even time gait. .Security ran along good for a lialf-miie in oij- see., a very good ; gallop, liose Park being 111 waiting to! come home the last three furlongs. Hose- j dale got over a mile in 1 min. 0-1 i sec. liusign did good serviceable work over j two miles. Foliage was sent along over a mile and a quarter run in 2 min. 22 sec. and should be dangerous 0:1 Saturday. Nomadic per formed useiu! work over a distance. Blodwen and Princess of Wales negotiated a miles and a half at an even time gait; Princess of Wales pulled up after going a mile and a quarter. Biu.siniau and Dalesman did half pace work over a distance. The Golden King and Flood bird were companions over a two-mile galiop, the last round occupying 2 min. 45 sec., or one second slower than Viking. Supposition was dispatched over a mile and a quarter, the watch registering 2 min. 25 see., the last miie in 1 inin. 5t> sac. Thunderer gut over a circle at half pace. Lord Salisbury and Taliesian worked at a steady gait hut did not cry to make time. 