A CHBIRTMAS MEDITATION. 'Christmas bec'omoa everyone b day. Childhood can have no monopoly of it, though His child lifo inspires it. Christians are not its solo posseBHorn whilo thoy are its only trtio interpi-oturs. Youth cannot; claim tho whole of it oven while its oxubor anco gives it its chief natural emphasis. Thovo uro cuwents beneath tho suriaco motion lntowluclitu'u phtmmot meditation must plunge, to note thoir existence- and dctorim'no their direction. ' To tho old it is a day of reminiscence, of com parison, of the I'OsuiTQctiou of loves and joyu buried imdei1 tlie slowly thickoning mould of the years. To them and to the middle aged it brings surpriBos in the marks of change in mind, body, custom and' place, Even as I write thesu words memory resurrects a toyless morning, an undoeoratuil church, a conscientious secularizing of the day by a stem but holy Puritan, who yielded to the Advent gonialty only in a more bountiful provision for tho table. Faces ' thatwe havo Joved and lout awhilo * ?reappear in the magic photographs of undying ? affection. Voices of sweetness and slrongth made vibrant by my sorrows and my unsubdued longings, whisper and cry to mo from tho mimmonod past. Ideals onco dominant, how but tho sad-faced ghosts of failure, float up to,mea3iire their littleness, aud, alas ! it may be their stalwartuess, by present attainment. Nothing, perhaps, so much murks tho changes as tho strength of tho events now noeded to awaken tho exhilaration or surprise. It is , pathetic to seo how little it takes to startlo tho yduth or tho riinid into ocstacy, how much loss tho boy and girl. ' But it is just hero that tho Christ Child doea one of his noblest works in becoming the bond Yifi sympathy between tho -young; -and the mature. Mothers taught by tho Virgin mother ponder those' things in thoir hearts more than men. That Ho who was tho Word and therefore tho expression of tho divine thought of mercy 'and redemption humbled himsolf to our low estate, Hnuloc'l i'roin his wido-opon oyes upon the gifts of tho wise Mon nnd on those who brdught thorn j these are tho toudor yot mighty guarantoos of tho valuo of childhood in Christian homes. As lovo watches tho unfolding of mind aud heart, youth takes on dignity by tho quoswous lio nsicoci i;no uociora or tno i;ompie, ana young manhood, has an, addod grace through tho record of his toiling with Joseph and his omorgoncieB and tviumpli through the attest of tho Heavenly Dove, Tho young in our homos do1 not know tho depth aud interest and the, purity of affection with which thoy are onriohed, because Ho was born.' Through lovois joys and pains :thoy must como to this knowledge, and its refining discipline can novor roach them, until the lowor lovo has taken on spiritual illumination and beauty through his transforming touch.'^— Bishop D. Goodsoll. 