AN OL'EN LETTER. to the miners of the a70ca division. aiAKYiioKOUGH Dtsrnici. Gentlemen, — Y u will phortly be enllcci tipon lo select it representative oo tho Min ing Board, and I wish to ask you whether ( ns tho independent men you ought to be) you are satisfied with our preeent member. I am not going into heroics — I am ono of yourselves, and I therefore make no oxense for no annlysis of tho characteij capability, intellect and honesty of Mr A. J. Barbqt as a public man, I also prop'pso to inquire into his right to represent himself as tho spokesman of tlio best typo of democrat Australia can produce— Tlio Digger. As to character ; do you remember tho Marray affair ? If Mr Murray spoaks llm truth then Mr Barbat is utterly corrupt, con temptible, and treacherous. That one alleg ation, if true, should damn bim in tho eyes of the miners for evor, and consign bim permanently (o tlio private lifp which bo lias so long adorpod as a noble example and a eliasto ornament. . Mr Barbat's rqply to Murray's exposure was illogical, disjointed, and guile ineonsrquent, but nt the saino tinio boro'tbo old familiar typo of knavery — tlio onmistakablo trado mark of insincere A. J. Barbat. 'Are the miners of this district eon- tent to bo represented by sncli a character F Aro they to bo bought and Bold in ordor that Mr Barbat may, at tho expense of their man hood, gain a card of admittance to tlio society of men wilb cloan hands? ' Oh I' his fiiends say, 'Barbat ia a not oxactly a smart follow, but you know bo is a-well ho is-or- er-bo is Barbat ' Gentlemen, T liuve no desiro whatever to nneartb his private his tory. Ho is perfectly welcome to all the glory bis former record cao produco in tbe way of hard nuts, but at tlio same lime, may I ask, where is bis reason lo boast tlicrofor. Really there is none, and to be practical and to the point, as a miner, may I ask docs tbis Barbat k'no.w q winze from a mullock tip ? Could lib wash a prospect if bis lifo de pended on it? Could ho tell a piece of iikcly country if lio walked' over it ?, Is thoro a miner in tlio district ontsidoa lunatic asyluin who would take liitri for a mato one week ? . Whore on earth' is his olaim to speak on behalf of tlio mioers ? No claim) brother miners I And I say in the coldest of cold blood that a Chinaman, with his prac tical knowledge of mining, lias a far hotter claim lo represent us than Mr Barbat- lias. I for ono alii not going to be represented by n Chinaman, and still loss by a loas deserving man — Mr A. J. Barbat. As to tho character of the man (as a public man) we are nil quito as ono ; but as to' the intclleot tlicro may bo by tlio merest possibility the ghost of a doubt. But I will apk liis best friends ' Has any one' in the district ever beon known to rebogniHo him as the' 'father pf ono idea.' No doubt lie. is plausible, fond of ploying to the gallery, find a regular uffiicljqn atllio local sing-songs, where it costs him nothing ; but, gentlemen, leather lungs apd ii lapoous1 voice" don't prove that your would-be representative is other than a brainless and spinclesb nonentity 1 That stylo of man docs not nuit tlio digg'ors— If Mr Barbat had as much gonnine courage an ho lias effrontery (qlioek wo call it) nnt even his peculiar stupidity could have subjected bim to tbe nnspcekahle scorn of which b.e is now the object. But courage or decision lie has none. Ho tliinkq— that is lie imagines lm thinks — for lie has got nothing (o think with— neither brains or thinking simp i of any kind— he thinks with thn apparent majority. If that apparent majority lie a real minority, well of equiso, as a sensible man (?) ho goes vvith:tlid"reai majority, and directly' against the party he-spoke, for. first. In fact his firsi nnd leading nrtii-lo of Faith is t' God's'good, biit iiiind you the dovil nju't too bad, so as a ' cliuffcutier . nnd pub lic man let us'keep a' fair level.' a last oriliciain let de'look'iiito'liis speeah'bs, God forgivo mo for lnis-naming tliem so oven after liaving been doctored. Hovy 'do Ibe'y go?— Begin, in tlio middle and end in a bowl nowhere ip particular lv- Minors of Avooa, tlib.dny may come when you shall have your figfit for a"; living -wage. Bnrbnt by Ilia own-rate of vvn'ge to: his employes is not likely to sympaihise \vitli.';yoii. -. Ho is not a minor— lie is. a timaservor at. your expense. He is : brainless where j-our interests aro at BtakeL-lioj is; cunning to secure your vote— most -likely lib novor had a miners'. right in Hia lifo .till, lie made up hia mind to exploit you: JReligion, irre- ligion,: biisiness "and 'liam friendship are all his lovers, but youarenot the .-'miners I take you for. if lib Jpiposos oq .'you. Has ho suggested any.' remedy- for the svvoating tributes at 'Maryborough and other plucos ? ' No j' If a brainy -man offered bim a solipma would ho try to uso it ? ' No 1' He lias noitbbr-giit, brains, nor 'sympathy, ' In eliort ho wants his fifty pounds and hang tlio minors. I suggest that each of. Ilia seven camps send/one or more "delegate's ' to attend a_ mooting of inieois in Avoca. Tlioy can easily come to an understanding to oust Barbat and put, in a man who will bo honest, sympathetic, and sensibly courageous. Yours.' nln' ' - A SPECIWEN. A " Spooimen"' hnpps to ho hhlo to address (ho minerp, ' ; _ > ' ...... .... - 