THE TURF. Havelock disappointed his party at Flemington on Saturday by finishing last in the Hurdle Race, for which he was fairly hacked by his friends. The Canterbury Park races (N.S.W.) were postponed on Saturday on account of the weather being wet and unfavorable. A rumor was circulated in town on Satur day that Mr. S. Perry had bought the Jordan Park Estate for £2,000, but we understand that although negotiations have been going on the purchase has not been completed yet. Members of Tattersall's Club who play billiards are reminded that nominations for the coming tournament close with Mr. Devine at the club at S p.m. to-day (Monday). Mr. Whitington requests us to "give nomi nators a final reminder that acceptances are due to-day, at -1 p.m., for the S.A.J.C. Accession Day meeting. The weights for the v.R.C. Grand National Hurdles and Steeple are due in Melbourne to-day. During the past week the trainers have been bustling their horses along a bit in view of the near approach of the S.A.J.C., Port Adelaide, and Tattersall's meeting, as well as Port Augusta and others in the country. Schooling operations over the hurdles and steeple fences have been going on on the Old Course. Paul Jones and Lallawa were jumping the hurdles on Saturday morning, and Consequence per formed4 cleverly over the big fences. Lord Grenville galloped a mile and a furlong in 2 min. 72 sec., the last six furlongs in 1 min. 23 sec. Carmelite got over six furlongs in 1 min. 2S sec. Fulham negotiated five furlongs in 1 min. 10^ sec. Gipsy Queen, Parneil, and Juliet were all doing good work. Two up country horses, ■Eaglenawk and The Ghost, were also exercising. Jack Sprat has resumed work under Patterson's charge. Radiant, the winner of the Gawler Hurdles, has thrown off his lameness, and the rest of Patterson's team are doing well. Trout has started training operations again, also The Idler (under Fitzroy's care). Helena on Saturday got over six furlongs in 1 min. 24?.- sec. Young Lucifer, Barter, Netherby, and" Home Rule were all on the track. Royalist has met with a slight accident that may affect him for a day or two. Pluvius and First Master are pottering about. At Morphettville The Golden King has been tried at the illegitimate game and jumps well and freely. Port Admiral, Royal Admiral, and Pitchery are all doing good _ work in company. Eleusiman has been doing long steady work. On Saturday morning Foliage and Kirkby went together, the son of Malua showing a clean pair of heels to Kirkby, beating him by about 20 lengths in a mile and a furlong. Nomadic has been doing good work since he came back from Gawler, and all the yearlings in Quinn's charge are doing very well. Mr. Crozier's horses worked on Saturday after noon. Viking beat Hortensius over once round on the track, running the distance in 2 min. 41 sec. Concussion and Surefoot were doing moderate work together. 