A GODIIESS IN EXILE. [By PHILIP B. WARNE.] CHAPTER XVI. COUNTERPLOT. 'A murder! Oh, nonsense!' cried Horace, looking as if he feared that his friend had taken leave of his senses. 'Calm yourself, Max. Here, sit down, and have a glass ofwine.' 'Horace,' cried Max, not regarding the offer of hospitality, but wringing his friend's hand, 'I am the most re creant coward-the weakest, the most selfish. My God! if I had but taken your advice. Instead, I have laid up a life-time of remorse. I shall never feel that my hands are free from the blood of?' 'Hold on, Mdax! this won't do. Whatever others may be responsible for, it is folly to assume for an instant that you" have done anything to justify such an extravagant state znent. I know better, my boy. Take it coolly, and tell me the facts.' 'But, Horace, I placed the tempta tion before others to murder an inno cent woman.' ' And has she been murdered ?' 'I fear so.' 'Ah, I thought it wasn't quite so bad. The woman may be alive and well. Don't run after remorse, Max, until it runs after you. Now let us have a plain statement of facts from the beginning, and we'll see if we can't do away with all this masque rading. There's your easy-chair ; put your feet on the railing, old fellow; Harvard ought to have made you Yankee enough for that; and here are Havanas. Take it cool and comfort able, and things will assume a different aspect, my word for it. Now, who is the woman, who are her alleged mur derers, and what is your connection with the whole party ?' 'But that's just what I can't tell you-at least, not yet.' ' Eh ? more mystery ?' 'If it proves that she has died a natural death, then I will bury, and try to forget, the wretched past. I will go away from here and leave all, never looking back.' Horace stretched his head resign edly. 'Well, old man, you know your business best, perhaps,' he said. 'Tell me what you please. You know that I. will help you to the best of my ability, with what light I have.' 'I do know that, Horace. Here is all that I can tell you: A woman is dead, and to be buried the day after to-morrow. You and I must disinter the body, and institute a post-mortem examination. You understand medi cine well enough to apply the tests for pisnon?' "'Slowly, slowly, my dear fellow. This is a very ticklish proposition. If there are reasonable grounds for such a suspicion, why don't you put the proper authorities on the case at once P' 'But there must be no expose. I won't submit to such a scandal, unless she has really met with foul play,' cried Max, excitedly. 'It will be bad enough if we are forced to punish the criminals.' But a couple of strangers opening a grave, Max! That will have an ugly look, if it ever comes to light.' ·'I have the right to open the grave. More than .this I cannot tell you.' Horace Warwick gazed at his friend very seriously. ' Max,' he said, 'I will give this proof of my friendship, of my con fdence in you--I will follow you blindly.' Again Max grasped the hand of his friend. 'Thank you, Horace,' he said. 'Never man needed a friend more than I.' When Horace Warwick'had put his hand to a thing he cast all hesitancy behind him. 'And now what are we to do first I' he asked. 'We must have some place to take the body to.' 'Yes-a secluded place.' I have thought that we might rent an isolated house in some suburb of the city.' Say no more. I have a place in my mind. I ran across it in my wander ings. A cottage which hasbeen with out tenant since the last occupan't had the bad taste to commit suicide. I believe it has the reputation of being haunted.' 'We will secure it at once. Then we shall need a horse and a carriage, tools to open. the grave, and surgical instruments.' The preliminaries were soon ar ranged; then the friends waited, with various emotions, the day of the interment. Don Felipe, by ways known to the wealthy, had kept the affair out of the Mobile papers, so that it was confined to neighbourhood gossip. Thus May Warwick had no intimation of it, nor was her husband much more enlight ened. Max's excitement culminated when night fell, and the hours dragged slowly until past midnight. Then a close carriage drove up in the road at a little distance from the private cemetery of the Fentons. It was met by a shadowy figure which came from among the trees. 'Well, Max?' said Horace, as he leaped from the driver's seat to secure his horse, 'is the coast clear I' 'Confusion !' cried Max, excitedly; 'they set one of the slaves on guard over the grave with a shot.gun.' 'Why, cried Horace, aghast, 'are body-snatchers so common in this part of the country ?' 'JBody-snatchers ! I never heard of such a thing.' 'Well, then, it's a rather odd pro ceeding, ain't it? " What else can they be afraid of ?' 'But what are we to co?' asked Max, the defeat of his plan engrossing his thoughts. Horace scratched his head. ' Negroes seem prety plenty about here. We couldn't very well n'urder this particular one, I suppose?' he observed, half-ruefully, half-laugh ingly. 'It's Pomp,' said Max, reflectively. 'As trustworthy a fellow as ever lived. No hope of his relaxing his vigilance. He'll guard the spot like a blood-hound.' ' Can't we scare him by some hqcus pocus?' suggested Horace. Negroes are all superstitious by reason of their ignorance.' 'But Pomp is as brave as alion. Nothing in the shape of man or beast will scare him from his post. Look here, Horace, I have a mind to take him into our confidence. It is our only hope.' ' But can you trust him ?' 'Yes; I know that he would stand by me against all the world. He was my foster-brother.' Horace made. a grimace. His Nor thern prejudice revolted against the suggestion. 'Then let. us .proceed on that plan, by all means. He will take the labour off our hands. I confess that Iam not partial to grave.digging.' 'But one moment,' suggested Max, as Horace immediately set about get ing the shovels out of the carriage. 'He supposes me dead. He may shoot me before I can make myself known, and he's a dead shot.' 'Hum.! That's worth considering,' acquiesced Horace. 'Then, after a moment's reflection, his fertile brain was ready with an ex pedient. 'I have it. Appear to hiu from your grave.' 'From my grave ?' 'Exactly. As a ghost.' 'Pray explain.' 'Hero- these wraps which we have brought for the body will supply the habiliments commonly supposed to be worn by visitants from the other world. You throw a corner of this sheet over your head, like a hood. The opposite corner trails behind you, while the two remaining are held in either hand, leaving these folds to de pend from your arms. You'll be a famous ghost, my word for it. Appear ing as if arisen from the grave, where he supposes you to be, he cannot fail to recognise your face, supplemented by your voice. Then, if he does not faint or run away, you can reveal yourself to him in your true character.' 'Though it may fail, it is worth the trial,' said Max; and ten minutes later he had crept into position be hind the tombstone which bore his name. Far into the night had Pomp watched, until his super~titiouW fears abated and he was somewhat drowsy, when he was suddenly startled into vivid wakefulness by a deep, hollow groan. 'What's dat?' he gasped; and it must be confessed that he shook so that his .aim would have been any thing but steady had he thought of his shot-gun. Then a deep, solemn voice seemed to fill the space about him, without coming from any paricular direction. 'Pomp !' ' Who's hyer ?' demanded the negro, now frightened out of his wits. But his strong animal courage made him still a dangerous man to confront. He stood on his guard, with his shot gun in readiness; If anything in the ordinary shape of man had appeared, his superstition would have vanished. But the same solemn voice said: ' Your master !' Then, as from the grave, appeared a spectral shape, with all ghostly ap purtenances -of white winding-sheet and face deathly pale, before which Pomp fell upon his knees, crying: ' Massa Max !' Down on his 'marrow-bhnes' he dropped, clasping his hands and shutting his eyes tightly, as children frequently do when frightened, and, lifting up his voice, cried: 'Oh, Lo'd, spar dis child ! He pore, mis'rable sinnah. He ain't pre pared to die, nohow. 'Deed, an' deed, an' double 'deed, let Pomp go dis once, an' he'll lead in de prayin' an' singin'. Pomp ain't like none o' dam 'ar car'less young nigs a-shinin' aroun' de gals, when dey ought to be fleein' from de wraf to come.' 'Pomp ! Pomp!' said Mlax, guard edly, yet of necessity loud enough to mako himself heard above poor Pomp's frantic appeal; and casting aside his sheet, he advanced until he could rest his hand on the negro's shoulder. 'Don't you know me, Pomp? Have you forgotten "Massa Max ?" Look at me, old fellow. It is I--not dead, but alive, as you can see.' But Pomp had (or supposed he had) seen 'Massa Max' duly put under ground; and to his simple mind a return to this life could be nothing else than the work of the devil. Now, the Lord, according to Pomp's faith, is to be appealed to, but the devil is to be exorcised by something holy, for which he is supposed to entertain an insuperable repugnance. On this theory, Pomp, suddenly and without warning, broke into a camp-meeting hymn. Worst of all, he began at the chords, which consisted of hallelujahs. 'Hush ! ' cried Max, clapping his hand over Pomp's capacious mouth, while cold perspiration oozed from every pore in his body. 'Listen to me. I am not dead. It was not I that was buried. It was a stranger, by mistake. Pomp, look at me, and you will'see that I am no ghost. I did not drown. I got ashore. It was a stranger, I tell you, buried in my stead.' - The intense earnestness of Mdax's voice, perhaps more than the words spoken, arrested Pomp's attention. MKoreover, the apparition seemed con ciliatory, rather than aggressive. Indeed, he had even sustained the contact of its hand without annihila tiin. After this experience Pomp's natural courage began to supplant the ghost scare. He risked a quick glance; then closed his eyes again. 'Pomp, look up. Do not be afraid. It is only I,' said Max. Then Pomp opened his eyes and looked at the master who, he had thought, had gone down to death in that tempestuous sea. But he said nothing; he only gazed, incredulity and fear struggling with wonder. Max smiled encouragingly. Feel of me,' he said, extending his hand; having taken which Pomp said, in a voice of hushed awe: 'It is you, Massa Max--ain't it? You wouldn't come no gum-games on a poor nig----' 'Pomp, rest assured that it is I, in the flesh.' 'Oh, Massa Max, I knows ye!' cried Pomp, with a sudden burst. And suddenly clasping the hand in both of his great paws, Pomp carried it to his lips and fell to sobbing over it. 'You's come back! you's come back! Oh, Massa Max! we's got ye once mo'! But won't dar be joy on dis hyer plantation. Die am de year ob jubilee. Hallelujah! Halle--' 'Pomp! Pomp! hush! you will betray me. No one is to know that I am here--even that I am alive. There, there! my good fellow,' said Max, much moved by the love of this humble soul. ' I have come back to you, but to no one else. You must guard the secret--' SMassa Max, wild bosses couldn't pull it out o' me.' 'Yes, yes, I know. And now listen to me. You were left here to guard this grave ? ' 'Yes, Massa Max.' And had Agatha been present she would have detected a sudden change in Pomp's voi'ce and manner. Was-it a look of deep pity that softened his face? 'Pomp,' said Max, 'I have brought a friend with me to take that body out of the grave. You know,' he added, as Pomp's eyes began to dilate with horror, 'that I wourd not do it if it were not right that it should be done.' 'Massa Max, do you know?' asked Pomp, glancing about apprehen sively--' Massa Fillippy married her. 'Yes, I know,' replied Max, a ter rible look coming into his lace. At that instant he heard a footfall, and Don Felipe appeared in the clear moonlight. His face was white and set, his eyes blazing. Was all discovered? (To le Continued) 