HOW HISTORY IS WRITTEN IN AMERICA. Mo3b people who road the newspapers of tho United State, either from duty or inclination, aro tolerably familiar with tho distortod, ex aggerated and often falsified natratives of con temporary cvonts to bo met with too ofton in their columns, causing one to compassionate future historians whoso task it will bo to separate the wob of fact from its thick em broidery of fiction. But in a oountry which has given us the works of suoh men as Irving, Pres- cott, Notioy and Bancroft we soarcoly oxpeoted to find a sorious writer on the early history of the capital of Ycnozuola weaving a tiasuo of fable, with respect to tho exploits of ono of tho groatcst of Eugland's sea kings, and passing it off ai tho sober truth. Yot this is what Mr. E. W. Curtis, the Author of tho book just referred to, is convioted of having done by a writer in Mac- vidian's. According to thevivaoious American, Sir Franoia Drako, aftor tho defeat of the Spanish Armada, sailod for South America, and, Arriving at La Guayra, destroyed tbe shipping lying at . amohor there, proocodod to Caracas, whioh he seized, and remaining in the-capital for three days, "plun dered tho houses, ravished tho women, and feaited his soldiora upon tho wine and luxuries thoy found," aiid then wont baok to his ships with 1,000,000 of dollars in treasuro, and with out tbo Iojs of a singlo man. Id another okapter Mr. Curtis relates how " tho ghost of that most famous of all froeboolcrs, Sir Franois Drake, haunts tho h&rbor; of Puerto Cabello, in tha Golfe Triste, a few icaguos westward of La Guayra," whore, it is alluged, he died of yellow fever, and " was dropped into tho water with a bag of shot at hi hesls." Those state ments are literally astounding, for Drake was nover at Caracas in lfis life, and there is no record of his over having boon at La Guayra, and sb to his death, it occurred off tho coast of Daricn, and bis body was "onolossd in a loadon coffin and solemnly committed to the dcon amid tho blare of trumpets and tho thunder of oannon." As the contributor to Macmillan's observes, "If many such books (as this) are written for tho odifloatlon of the Amerloan youth, one oan understand that some very quoer notions may got about among thom oonaorning the part played by Englishmen in the history of their country." 