WEST TOKRENS. MESSRS. HOURIGAN, BROOKER, GOULD, VARDON, AND BRANDT. • On Tuesday evening the Hindmarsh Town Hall was packed, when a meeting was held to hear the'views of candidates for the district of West Torrens. Those who had announced themselves were Messrs. T. H. Broolcer and Hourigan, who sought re-election, and Messrs. B. Gould and Joseph Vardon. Applause greeted each speaker, and the labor candidate was accorded an ovation. Surprise was oc casioned when, after the last speaker had con cluded his speech, Mr. Brandt ascended the platform and announced himself a candidate.. He created much merriment, although his - ad dress was interrupted frequently. Mr. Joseph Ashton presided. . Mr. Vardon congratulated the ladies upon the extension of the franchise to them—a measure which he had always advocated. He expresssed his determination to conduct the campaign in an honorable spirit. . He would ■vilifc nn mfin's r»l»n.mntnv nnrl imnp.ipli nn vilify no man's character and impeach no man's motive, so that, whatever the result, he might look, back upon it without regret. He announced himself as an absolutely indepen .dent candidate, being run by no party or asso ciation. While neither socialist nor com munist, his motto was "The good of all under the leadership of the wisest and the best." He deprecated the idea held by some people that an employer was the natural enemy of'the worker, and reminded them of the service he had rendered to the workers during the tanners' and curriers' strike six years ago, quoting letters of high appreciation from the Premier (Mr. Kingston) and others as to the service he had rendered on that occasion. In speaking upon the policy of the Government as an nounced by the Premier he expressed himself in favor of federation upon a democratic basis, and hoped the matter would be calmly dis cussed while free from any. outside dangers; that the foundations would be laid broad and deep, upon which should be raised a noble superstructure resulting in an Australian nation developed on the lines of liberty and justice. He was in favor of federal defence and intercolonial free-tracle. Referring to taxa tion and finance he said rigid economy was the right keynote. They had begun with the Governor's salary, and a reduction of 25 per cent, on Ministerial srlaries ought to follow. He rejoiced in the better times that seemed to be approaching, and hoped that the exemp- [ tiori in the income tax would be raised to at least £150. He would endeavor to abolish thej progressive land tax and make up with an all round increase. He was in favor of rendering! all possible help to the producers, whether j farmer, dairyman, gardener, miner, or I squatter, and would _ endeai'or to open lip markets so as to bring tlie producer into direct contact with the consumer. He would open wide the doors of the Agricultural College so that young men should be able to equip themselves for going oh to the soil by learning the best possible systems of cultivation. _ In reference to the village settlements, while approving of the motive which led to their establishment, he believed that founding them upon communistic principles was a mistake, and.unless there was a change in the system the residue left on the I banks of the Murray would be very small in deed. Ho would endeavor to reorganise them j on sound lines. He was in favor of the rail-j way to Kopperamanna and the erection of a new1 railway-station in Adelaide. He would also favor the extension of the deep drainage, but could not see his way at present to sanction the expenditure of £iu0,000 on a graving dock. The plant and appliances of the railway workshops should be .utilised to their fullest extent in the manufacture of' articles requir&d; in the service. He strongly advocated the development: of the pastoral and mineral resources of the Northern Terri-i tory, He Tfasjn favor of reform in the pubho service, and would remove inequalities between officers bn the fixed and pro. and tem. list; five increased pay for increased responsibilities; and all things being equal promote the man longest-in the service. He looked upon the State Bank as an experiment, and was pro pared' to test it upon its own; merits. Ha would'see how it worked before'-promising to extend its functions. He was strongly. in favor of the present system of State education, but would honor the verdict of the electors as expressed by the result of the • referendum. While not in favor of State' life in surance or five insurance he . would like to Bee provision . made for old age pensions and annuities. ■ He was op posed to lowering the qualification or shorten ing the term for the Legislative Council, bub would extend the franchise to leaseholders and occupiers as indicated by the Premier. Elec- • tive Ministries lie looked upon as a very doubt ful experiment, but thought there was a good deal in favor of the biennial retirement of one i half the Parliament. Referring, to the pro j posed Japanese.treaty he said every provision ■ should be made against a Japanese invasion, | but it would be a good thing for South Aus i tralia if we could open up a market in the | East for our wool, wheat, and fruits, taking in . return tlie naturall; products, such as rice, &c.;, of that country. By all means let us have law reform— equal laws for rich and poor—and the process of law cheapened in everyway. He was in favor of local option :with a two-thirds■ majority, and also in' favor of bringing clubs' under the supervision of the police so as to prevent the illegal sale of liquor. His desire wa3 to help forward every law that made . for righteousness, and to do every thing for the moral and material welfare of the'-community, (Applause.) Mr. Brookeu said that he had something to do with granting the franchise to women, and • was glad to see so many present. A man •sometimes made enemies in connection with his political duties,'but he had given up the idea—if he had one—of trying to please' _aLP parties. He hoped the best men would win. and that there would not be any illfeeling after the election was over. He had not associated himself with any party, but bis actions and ; words had been guided by the pilitical prin ciples he had advocated. He had answered alii platforms sent him, and was prepared to j back up every reply he had given by his pasfej doings in Parliament, and he was prepared tot be loyal to himself and constituents if re- j elected. He dealt with federation, and1 ~ said he had voted for the Federal Bill, j but if it was not laid on a true basis South - Australia would go to the wall. If federation, was submitted to the people it would be safe,. but they needed to be very carefuL Federa tion had been put forward in some quarters to prevent the advance of democratic principles. ^ If it was costly it should be approached with? care. He regretted that in the Government: policy no mention was made of an alteration in th e incid ence of taxation: It was desirable that the incidence of taxation through the Customs on the necessaries of life should be altered. He thought it possible to do something in this direction. The consolidation of the land laws was wise, and he would seek to expedite the taking up of land by blockers and others by the operations of the Central Land Board. The national debt was 23 millions sterling. From 1879 to 1S87 there had been borrowed 13 millions, and from 1887 to 1895 2b millions. During the past three years £140,000 had been paid off the liabilities leaving £60,000 in suspense. In three or four years there falls due three millions of loan money, most of which was on a high rate of interest. There was great hope' that' these. loans could he obtained at 3 per cent., which would result in a saving of about £50,000 a year. The saving thus effected would allow a reduc tion on the necessaries of life. It would be a good thing to consolidate our loans, and borrow for a long term of years, by which he thought about £200,000 a year could'be saved. The country had been too long' burdened with heavy interest. The cost of government during the past three years had been reduced by £240,000. He would develop the Northern Territory. The suitable labor for it was white labor. By liberal mining laws the Territory would go ahead. He would assist producers, and liad no fear of the State Bank, for it had already done good work, .. Its operation might be increased by granting * advances, and the State could have control of its own currency. He would like to see a system of light railways to give encouragement to producers. He spoke in favor of village settlements, and, touching on the socialism connected with it, said if there. be only a residue of settlers left it would result in the building up of a noble system. There had been too many of the "pulling down brigade" in the past Parliament, for members pulled down and did not build- up so readily. He was in favor of leasing. The con solidation of the electoral laws was advo cated by him, and the holding of elections, on a public holiday. He was not in favor of biennial Parliaments, because if altered from three years to two it would be against the poor man. but if for four years he would sup port it. He would support having a graving dock at Port Adelaide. He would like to know the cost of the alteration of the new station at Adelaide before giving his opinion. He was not in favor of the railway from Hergott. to Kopperamanna, unless the stock tax was taken, off, and the extension of the deep- drainage. He would support elective Ministries.. The Hospital Act should be amended, and the State should take it up,. which would stop wire-pulling. It would be advisable to have a paid staff of surgeons and an advisory board. It would be better to remove the Destitute Asylum to, say, Salisbury. . A Usury Bill should be introduced to Parliament, and he would give it his support. It bad been said, that they could not legislate for the prevention of crime, but he thought they should. He< quotedfrom Diekens'sChristmasTales, showing the evils of crime, and concluded, by saying that it was the duty of politicians not to legislate for punishing crime 30 much as to provide Acts to lift humanity in our day and generation. (Cheers.) . . Mr. Houp.igan said he was a nominee of the , Labor Party and could claim to have served West Torrenswell whilst in Parliament. His first plank was. the stopping any further alienation of Crown Lands and substituting a . system of leasing. The disposal of the fee simple- in land had infii'ct-ed an injustice. Farmers ivlio had been under- the .leasing sys tem were in better positions than if they had been freeholders. If the - land . of . faoutli Australia was open to the people it would be taken up as required. The evil effects of land monopoly were appa rent-. He advocated the remission of the duties on tea in bulk, raw .coffee, cocoa, kero sine, and upon articles which are not grown nor produced in the colony; any resulting deficiency in the revenue to be made up by in creasing the tax on land values. He regretted that no reference was made to this in the Go vernment policy, for it had been demanded by the people, but no Government had been suffi ciently courageous to take this matter up. The abolition of the duties on the lines men tioned of about £53,000—dividing that amount by our population, 340,000, would result in a gain of 3s. Id. per head j but he would point out that the gain, reckoning on the amount received by the Government, would be per fectly fair, and this could be estimated at another 25 per cent. - before the goods reached the consumer. This would be roughly a' saving of - 4s. per head, or to a family of five £1 per annum. He was in favor of the amendment of the Land "Values Act of 1893, known as Part XIX., on the lines of the Bill he had brought before Parliament in 1895. 'The.Land Values Assessment Act was now a dead letter owing to clauses which made it inoperative. 1 He would sweep these away. The system he advocated was most equitable. The encouragement of local in dustries and the further development, of the resources of the country would receive his support. All work that could, especially in connection with railways, should be done here. When the Mining Bill of 1893 was before Parliament he tried to insert a clause giving the Government power to develop our mineral fields wherever practicable, and had it been carried great good would have been done. A Steam Boilers Inspection and Registration Bill, an Early Closing Bill, reform of the ship shipping laws, amendment of the {Employers,. Liability Act, amendment of the Liens Act of 1S93, a minimum rate of wages and maximum - ■ hours of labor-in Government contracts and works would receive his support. This would, be conserving the safety of the public. With, reference to early closing it was admitted that late shopping was an evil. Moral suasion had been tried 20 years, but it had not prevented late shopping. It was only fair to say that some shopkeepers closed on Saturday at 6 p.m., and he asked was it fair that their trade should be taken by less scrupulous persons 1 The only thing to be done was to legislate on. the matter, and the people could say when and how it should be done. The Liens Act re quired amending in the direction of the better protection of workmen's wages. The amend ment of the electoral laws, by giving greater, facilities for the registration and transfer of electors and a redistribution of seats on the basis of population, was necessary. Regard ing the redistribution of 'seats, the present system of sectional-divisions was unfair. .1 hen the, reform of the Legislative Council m-the direction of shortening the term, of member ship and liberalising the franchise to lease- , holders and occupiers should be brought about. He did not see the. necessity for the Upper House,} although it was said that it prevented hasty legislation. The extension of the department of labor was desirable, as labor was the principal factor in the prosperity of the country,. for it was necessary to give reliable information to people seeking employ ment, which would .enable them j to comprehend the conditions surrounding them. He believed in the extension of the," functions of the State Bank; The foundation of this had been laid and money .was lent at a cheap rate of interest, -It was;expedient to. extend, its usefulness .by making it a bank of | deposit, which, would be an immense benefit to ; ■producers; ' As. they intended to enlarge the State :Export -Departnleht advances could be . made on. all kinps-'of prodrice. In fact, the general business v Of bahking'could be taken up y. the Government,v as already the State . managed the railways, tliq post-office, the tele graph, the water supply, and other works. Then the profits from the bank would revert to the . people. He was in favoij of State ownership of all railways, and opposed the system of land grants for railways and other works, for . if .it.paid a syndicate to construct railways it would also pay the State. Where the land grant system had been carried out for railway con struction it had'been associated with the most glaring forms of bribery and corruption. He . spoke in favor of 'the repeal of the Indian Immigration Acts, and prohibiting the influx of • Asiatic and servite races, and restricting the-introduction^ of immigrants bound to service before arrival in South Australia; the introduction of the . referendum on the. lines . of, Air. E. L. Batchelor's Bill of. 1895; the extension of the State Export De partment for wheat, wool, wine, and other agricultural. and horticultural produce by giving assistance in the shape of advances and facilities of transit, bo that producers may be able to obtain the full benefit of foreign markets; Mortgagors'. Liability Limitation Bill; encouragement and development of the mining industry; federation on a democratic . basis; and an equitable and reasonable claim of women for the amendment of the laws. .'In asking for their support he had no other motive • than to serve the electors who were on the dowest rung of the ladder, and he wished to "raise them to a higher plane. He would endeavor'to hasten the time when society should cease producing millionaires and paupers, gorged indolence and famished in dustry, -r honest labor in rags and a . bloated aristooracy robed and crowned. He wished to hasten the day when the good and virtuous would be; the 'beautiful, and the useful would be the honorable. If they thought he could . contribute in ever so small a degree to the 1 realisation of that ideal all he asked was that . on the 2oth April they should cast one vote, for him. ■. Mr. B. GoDLD said he was an independent candidate, for lie was riot associated with the Labor Party or the National Defence League. ■ He held that any person elected to represent the people should be perfectly free to act, and not be laid under special obligations to any .class or section of the community. He hoped the time would arrive when industrial disputes, strikes, and lockouts would be things of the ■ past; • It was fashionable in some quarters to attribute/all the political evils of to-day to the existence 'of the Labor Party, but he was not going to endorse that charge, as a variety of causes could be fairly quoted for the depres sion recently experienced. He thought it was : time for an armistice to be declared and a cessation pf hostilities to take place in con nection with the continued struggle between capital and labor. Eriendly relations should . be; established between capital and labor. Any victory gained by mere force against right cbukl only be of a .temporary charac ter, as-' fight .would ultimately -prevail. He hoped tlie' day would soon arrive when right motives would prompt all inen's actions, and right; principles govern all men's lives. . He thought it would be admitted that oneof ..the most pressing duties the new Parliament ; should undertake would bo the placing of the finances on a sound footing. The expenditure had been allowed to exceed the revenue until there was a deficit of over a million sterling. It was ariything but cheering that more than . £1,000 a week for interest on the deficit account had to be paid, and they had to add to this the fact that there was other borrowed moneys to the extent of over £23,000,000 upon which interest was Daid to the tune of £940,000 yearly, being more than £2,500 a day for interest alone. • It wasnecessary that prompt attention should begiven to our financial position, and that • ' every care should be taken in the future not to allow the' deficit to he further increased. During the six years he was in Parliament the deficit was reduced- from £1,100,000 to £800,000.: The colony had paid its way, and cleared off £300,000 from the deficit. Since then • another £100,000 in round numbers had been \- added to the deficit, making it now £9O0,pOO. He was opposed to the levying of additional taxation, as he considered the present financial burden heavier than it should be. It appeared to him that with proper economy—having all due regard to thorough efficiency in the public [- service—the revenue amounting to over two ; and a Half million sterling ought to more than ' ' coveri the expense of government. He would ' give all-the assistance in his power towards reducing the; Governmental expenditure where it could he done without im pairing the efficiency of the service. • During the next three years £1,359,225_onloan accounts would have to be paid. The interest on,this amountnow averaged about 5 per cent. Probably "a loan for that large amount could ■ be obtained at 3per cent. If so a saving of over £35,000 a. year would be effected, which would . .be-a great relief to our revenue, arid still further [obviate 'the necessity for in creased taxation. He would support the removal of the duties on tea, coffee, cocoa, and kerosine, and if the revenue re quired to be made up for that loss' he would support a small increase in the land tax. He was opposed'to'the further alienation of our Crown lands. Under the system of the past huge land monopolies had been secured, by a • few ■ individuals to the ' disadvantage of the community. . They ought to carefully guard against any possibility of aggregating enormous landed estates. Under, a leasing system, the Government • - having the power to prevent transfers of leases .. to -persons disapproved of by them, land moriopply in the future could not be secured. Land'Iegislation should be made as liberal as possible to induce settlement and to. advance pastoral, agricultural, and horticultural pur suits.; He would support any legitimate effort • :■ to encourage the development of the resources of the country. With wise_ legislation South Australia .would become an important part of a great nation. The homestead system had always received his support and the results of the legislation of the_ past in purchas ing lands suitable for providing working men's blocks fully justify this means of settling '. people on the land. The village settlement scheme was Btill in an experimental stage, and it: remained to be seen whether it would reach the standard of success that its promoters claiined for it. While commending the'Go verrimerit for making an effort by this means . to settle people on the land he thought it was a mistake to try the experiment on so large a soale. "It would have been wiser to have con fined 'the' operations to two or three settle ments and waited the result^ before operiing '" up further areas of country for that purpose. Possibly success would attend the labors "of the village Settlers, but the prospect was not encouraging. _ A federated Australia was .a . grand ideal, and was a goal that should be constantly kept in view, but it was necessary to make haste slowly. The desirability of Australian unity, the advantages of federation for defence purposes and with a view to commercial progression would be • admitted on all sides. The Premier had said —" We advocate it only upon a democratic ' basis, upon the .foundation of a uniform federal franchise in all the States, adult suffrage for both Houses." He believed this to be the correct basis, but it appeared' that until the other colonies had adopted a uniform franchise and adult suffrage in their domestic affairs, they would-not likely fall in with the ' idea for the larger object, arid that in conse quence "considerable delay in the accom plishment of federation would be_ experienced. Any public works that could be' shown to be ' of a reproductive character, especially in the matter of water conservation, would receive his hearty support. He would oppose the further borrowing' of money for any public works unless it could be shown that the. pro posed works, would ; be remunerative, as; in view of our financial circumstances to which he had. referred he considered it would be doing a gross irijustice to taxpayers to further involve them. He thought the Government had been pursuing a penny-wise and pound foolish policy with reference to public build • ings, riiany of which have been allowed to get into such a state of disrepair that to effect the necessary repairs and renew the painting, notably of the railway-stations, would need a considerable outlay. The work should be done at once.. Mr. Brandt hoped he would not he- con demned because he was a poor man. * He was a candidate, although he thought he had not "a ghost.of a'sho'w." (Laughter, and interruption.) He'said hear my policy. (Roars of laughter, .• arid- interruption.) The Chairman asked the audience to hear the candidate. Mr. Brandt, said he had not done anything that they should treat him in that manner, for he was one of God's creatures. Heasked for a fair field and no favor. A comprehensive scheme of legislation was not required ; they desired plenty of work and good wages. (Cries ■ of "Time.") If he was Sir John Downer they would not condemn him. He asked for justice. . A Voice—Six months will do yon. The Chairman—Will you give the candi date a hearing? He is entitled to it. The speaker proceeded and read from a hook his policy. 1 He advocated a policy to suit the working classes, who he said were the founda tions of society. The Chajrjian—I will take a vote as to whether this candidate shall be heard. The vote being in his favor the candidate proceeded amidst laughter for a few moments, when he retired from the platform. " A long string of questions was replied to, and votes of thanks were accorded the candi dates and the chairman. 