m\t$ zn& Sftobfoa. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By MISS &L; E. BEUOCON. Author of ' Lady Andky'a Secret,'' Vixen,' ??Lshnwel,' 'Uk* and Onttke,' 'The Fatal Three,' 'The Day Will Came,' &t; (ALL BIGHTS RESCBVKD.) Chapter XIX.— Daisy busr. {Then I wa a child, and even last snmmer, I wed to think & July day coald not be too lone, provided, of coarse, that July behaved as July, and one could bask in the sunshine on the lawn or on the river, and cool oneself in the thade of willows is mysterious back water*, where the sedges are fall of bloom and the lilies lie in a tangle of .loveliness, lift ing their milk-white chalices to the warm bloe sky. Thia year I find I am growing old, and that we can have too much even of July, a monotony of loveliness that preys upon one's ?pints, a perpetual sunshine that irritates one'* nerve*. I have only lately discovered what it is to have nerves ; and since 1 made that discovery I seem to nave nothing bot nerves. Mother asked me yesterday what had become of my sweet temper. She hardly recognised ber daughter of a year ago in the fretfnl young person of to-day. Wasleveraueet-tempered! I asked myself wooderingly. I know I am very tuiaouWUe now. I was snappish to my dear old Broomfjeld this very morning. I snatched my white frock oat oE her hand while «be stood shHly-aluUying and prosing abont ft in her old rambling way, debating whether it was or was not fresh enough fur me Co wear. ?? What does it matter f I cried impatiently. M There is nobody to see my freck.' ' Nobody Miss Daisy, when Mr. Cyril is mirchiflg np and down by the bo&thonse; at this very moment waiting for yon T' 'Cyril b nobody, a fiance doesn't count,' aaidL « Don't he, Miss* It was different in my time. A young woman always took pains with henelf when she bad someone to walk oat with.' M And you used to walk ont with all sorts ol people, I beUeve, you dearold flirt,' said I for one of my earliest aemonea is of Broom field's long atones abontwldicnandahopboys who paraded the London parks with her in ber priTioos aerrtcea. MI always bad admirer*. Miss Dust, bat I know bow to keen them at arm's length,*' she answered with dignity. 'A young person in service in London must have a respectable young man to walk out with, or she would ncTer get a breath of fresh air.** -On, you cruel Itroomfield, to think of the Bhoe4eatfaer your victims must have worn oat, you meaning nothing all the tme.' ' Lac, Uiss, they're used to it, and it only servea them right,' said Broomfield. 'They're all as axtfull as they're high, and they're always an eye to * young woman's Post Office Saving's Bank book.' I encouraged the dear old thing to prattle in this fashion while she fastened my white cambric frock, and I forgot poor Cyril, who had been loafing about for the last boor wait ing for me. I am afraid I am Betting tired of the Thames. I am afraid I am developing a horrid inconsistent, capricious character. How odd it is that one may go on adoring a pUceTor year*, and then weary of ft suddenly, CTone week of blaring Joly weatber. I hope it is only a temporary weariness, earned by that ray bot weatber. Fountainhead shows its usual dismal aspect of dosed shutters and blinds drawn down. \fr Ftorestan tttif in a tne£eor-6ke manner *£ the *ygf*»ning of last week ; took tea with mother on Tuesday afternoon vhile I was tmles and miles op the river with Cyril, yawn ing myself to death over a atlly novel, while be threw bis fly for trovt, and seemed to do nothing bot entangle his line in the wiDows. tfbeu I went down to dinner that evening mother informed me that Mr. Floresun had done me the honour to inquire about my health — as if I were ever ill !— and, furthermore, that be was to leave Founts .jibea*. early next morning on his way to Scotland, where he was to apesd the whole of August aad September. I felt indined to hate Scotland. ' How w31 'Paris get on without him I Vm afraid ihereil be a revolution, or at least an «mcat£,n t remarked* flippantly. I hive noticed in myself lately that when I feel «a if my heart were made of lead I am Always ineUned to be flippant. Why should my beart be heavy * Why, oh, vhy ? Cyril is ao frank, «o clever in his own bright, boyish way, so altogether whst a young man ought to be : and yet I am not satisfied : there is a terrible sense of failure *nd a life gone wrong always gnawing at my beart. Mother began to talk to me yesterday ?bout my trousseau, but I begged ber not u- mention the odious thing for ages. My drawers and ormoirt* and hanciog-cleetta are stnfied with clothe* of all kinds, and how can I want more ? True, that I never *eem to bare *iie right kind of gown ro wear for any gives occasion; bat I believe that is a peculiarity of all wardrobes, and I daresay if I bad the most magnificent trooae»a I should find before my honeymoon was over that I tout refue really tempting invitations for vasft '^ 'PfHTTfiriaTT raiment. AH thu is idle beating about the bush of my discontent. I am engaged to be married, and I shrink with actual arersioa from the mere thought of the future life I have pledged roy aelf to lead. I lite my lover with a very cordial liking, and I am happy and at ease in hu company so long at he does ooc remind me that be i* my lover, *nd thu he expects very goon to be my husband. When he does re mind me of that odiota f*ct I almo&t; hate him ; just as I bate the Joly weather, and the rirtr, and the gardcaa, and myself t&o;&t; of Oh, it vs. cucb a dreadf at thing to know one self beloved by a good and true heart like Cyril's and not to be able to give ont'a whole heart in return. If it were not for this good old stupid diary I believe I should go out of my mind. It eases my beart a tittle to scribble about my thoughts and feelings. I could not talk even to my dear mother as I can talk to this book. £ wonder. Mr. tflorestan did not stay one day longer at Ftfmtaiuhead, just to see us all again, and to ieU ns the Utest news of Parii Poor mother has anxieties of ber own, «cd it would be cruel to plague her with mine, even if I could bring Myself to talk about my trouble, which I am sure I coald not. She is very anxious about Uncle Ambrose, and I don't wonder. He is in very bad health, and I fear that his mental health is in question, and that w^tth more hopeless and more full of alarm for the future than any bodily ailment. He came back to River L*wn reluctantly ; and I have seen him change for the worse day by day since we came here. He spends all bia studious hoars in the old cottage, sitting in Ote library where be has ail bis choicest books, and where he did so much good wort in past yean. But tven in his studious hoars he is restless, and copies bAcktothishoaaeevcrynow and then is a. capricious, purposeless vay.joatto any a few words to mother, or to wander about the garden for a, few tninutea, and to stand looking dreamily at the river, as if he h&d; had eoaie rea&aa; for leaving bia books and coming across the road, and bad forgotten it o& the way. He will not admit that lie is ill, nor will he consent to consult a physician, though mother has urged him to see any one of the great men in whom everybody believes. He declares that he has never in his life consulted a doctor on hi* own account, and chat he is too old to begin. ' I remember a sleek, white-haired gentle man with gold-rimmed spectacles, who felt my pulse and looked at my tongue every day for a fortnight, a ben I had the measles,11 he said. ' asd who dosed me with nauseous medicine three times a day, and with nightly powders. He give me a poor opinion of the faculty which I have never been able to out live.' It is all very well for him to m*ke light of his ailments, and to refuse all advice, but I know hti* liquid very OL He baa*. nervous irritability at times which makes him altogether unlike the Dude Ambrose of old ; ud something happened the other day which makes me fear that his nerves are in a worse condition rii«n even nifttinH* suspects* anxious though abe is xbout him. I was dawdling in the ball after playing tennis all the morning with Cyril, who really b quite the finest player I know. I was ex amining my racket before I put it tn the stand, and was almost bidden by one of the oak pillars, which etood between me and the library door. The garden door opened * bile I was stand ing there and Uncle Ambrose came into the hall, looking white and weary, as he so often looks now. He opened the door of my fatter1* old study, expecting to find my mother there. 'Q*ra,' be said, as he opened the door. She was not there, and the room was empty. He stood upon tbe threshold motionless for some moments — for some minutes it seemed to me m t watched him stasBing there, rigid aa a stone figure, staring into the empty room — then be gave a, groan of agony, staggered back into the hall, and sank into a chair, and eat there languid almost to feinting, viping the perspiration from his forehead. I oottI^ fffM* hU band tremble as he drew his hand kerchief out of his coat pocket. I came from behind the pillar and ran. to him. He gave a cry at sight of roe just «s if 1 bad been a ghost. I offered to get him some brandy, but he said there was co occasion. He bad only suffered from a sadden faintness, which had come over him as be opened the library door. 'Don't tell yocr mother,' be taid, 'it would only alarm her causelessly.' 'Bat she ought to know.' I told him, 'Indeed, indeed, indeed, Uode Ambrose, you mast consult some clever physician — you must not go on any longer like this.1* ' Well, cbBd, I will consult a physician if mygohmiwoa upon tnat poiu twill make you and year mother Any happier ; although I can tell you beforehand that no doctor in London — not the whole College of Parsidaos — coo do any good for me, The evil' I suffer from is purely nervous, and do doctor has yet fathomed the mystery of the nerves, any more than any theologain has fathomed the mystery of the worlds that lie behind this life or in front of it.' I took his band in mine and found it as cold as ice, and the perspuation kept starting out afresh upon his forehead. His whole being fieemed coo raised and shattered, t bare heard of catalepsy, and I could but think that be waa in a cataleptic etate during those minutes in which he stood on the threshold of tbe library. ' If you promise to go up to LoudoQ to morrow with mother to see a doctor I will not tell ber a&vtbicg; about LhU attack to-day,' I said; ' but if yon refute I most tell her.' ' Haven't I «aid that I trill do anything to please yon and yonr mother. Daisy *' He k'ept bis word, and mother atid lie went off to Cavendish Sqa- r ', and my cousins from Harier-etreet came don for a. long day *t tennis. I can only say that it was a long day. The interval between loneh and tea was a Pacific ocean of time. I ihooght the blessed break of afternoon te* would never come ; but the tea kettle appeared at last, and icother and btr bosband came home soon after. She knew I was almost as anxious as herself, and she told me all tbe doctor had said. It did not eeem to aiuoanl to much, b U no doubt ic was comforting. All the wisdom otCavendiab Square might besnmtncdnpiiihlfcr three heads — a judicious diet, as per balf- page of note-paper filled *itb the great man/a uritiog — less intellectual work — and bromide of potas sium. The diet wai the. most important point, according to tbe physioan, and I suppose be [was right and then an iDJadisioas helping of j AyWiury duck may have been the cause of that strange seizure at the door of my father a Cyril took bis father's illness rather lightly.. I told him of the attack, though I said not one word about it to mother. ' My father is paying the penalty of having do fixed purpose or pursuit in life; i be is suffering from too macb metaphysics. H»Pf» a braia capable of better jrork.;than h«|JraS ever done, and he is*eguu*n£- *-*&-* *£?? wasted *flergies, ' ? - '? , 'ButJwJiftB written books ti»t hmjnajfe their mark in the most intellectual c.rdes, ' Yes, and therJort books that tbe Briiisb public don't care twopence about— books that interrogate everything and solve notfcine— bookBthat leave ns not one feairVbreaatn farther advanced towards the comprehension of the three peat mysteries of matter, life, and mind than Aristotle and Piato left as three hundred and fifty years before the birth ofChrist/1 - A 1 ' Some of the reviews said tkat joor^dier's book marked iuwwera in philueopBy,*' «id ' My dear Daisy, Philosophy is like the sea. Tbe waves rise and fall, and change their forms every hour ; bat the short: is always at exactly the same distance from mid-ocean. I felt that it seemed hard upon Code Ambrose that tbe son should make so light of the labours of the father's life-time. Oh, I am wicked, desperately wicked, steeped to tbe lips in falsehood and dishonour, I ought never to have listened; I ought to have sifeuced'hirn in the first moment as I silenced him at Wat. He £s too honourable a man to Iiave insisted upon speaking had I been firm- Bat the crisis af.tny life came upon jk suddenly. Those impusioned words took me unawares, and I longed so to hear all he had to say. I wanted so much to know Ibe de&et; of his heart, though tnat heart could never be mine. Gilbert Florestan had not gone. to Scotlind, after all. Wfaeu I avoke yesterday morning, I thought of him far away in Argy/eshireJ I pictured tbe barren heathery tull-™aBet And palest green under the bakiog July eky, as Flora, and Dcra— who go everywhere — have often described them to hie ; and I thought how much nicer those wild hills above the Kyles'of Bate must be than our pretty little toy-shop river with its willowy eyots, which look as if one could bold them in the hollow of one's han^T I felt such a longing for Scotland yesterday morning, almost ac if I were homesick for a country 1 had never seen. I began to think I must have a Scottish ancestor hidden in some corner of the family tree' All oarfaaaesaud vagaries are put down to heredity nowadays, and certainly yesterday icoming I felt Scotch blood seething and babbling ia my veins. Bat he was not in Scotland. Motbir bati mtfunderatood him about the date of bb journey, or else he had changed his mind. At any rate lie bad only gone to London I o see about gona and fishing tackle for the autumn ; and there he was yesterday morning at eleven o'clock coming suddenly between me and the sommerThouse in the shrubbery. Cyril had left us by an early train for a two days visit to a Manor House near Goildford, in religions observance of one of those college friendships which young men esteem so highly His friend bad telegraphed to him urgently, 'Come,** *nd -he went; having carefully ascertemrd first that I did. not mind. How I wish I had minded more. I felt a sense of relief when I sav him drive away from the gate, and yet I was dull with out him. I missed his cheerful society, which generally makes thought impossible, and I £*t thinking deeply in (be stillness of the shrubbery, where there were no birds singing any more it seemed. I h&d; books, wort, a titUe ake^ch-Uock, and colour-box, ample means for employment or amusement ; and yet I sat iflly linking, i£ly draining, ud picturing a life that was not the life I had pledged myself to lead. In the midst of these vain and foolish dreams, he whose image had coxed itself with all of them, etood suddenly before me. £ looked op and saw him standing there, mate aad serioos. My ^ailry conscience sent tie blood up to my face in a great wave of criaisoo. I coald not epeak, nor I think could he jost at first. 'I thought yon srere in Scotland,' I said at last, and I really felt as if it was a briUunt remark. He explained, and, tbe sound of oar voices having made us both jast a little more at our ease, he sat down in the only empty chair, and took up my books, one by one, atid looked at their titles. ** How learned yon are,' lie said. 'Cousin, Spiaosa, Beid : I did d «t think that little girls troubled their early heads tbout philosophy.' ' I *m sot a little girl,' I answered* Luffed at this impertinence, *' and philosophy ia mv Uuc'e Ambrose's favourite Ruhject. Hi taught toe all I know, and I like to read the subjects that interest hiai.' ' Have you read mnch ihts morning**7 he «skol, looting me straight in (he Uce, with * crnelly deliberate scrutiny. ' .. _ / gain tbe hot blood rushed ap to tny ch eks «Bd bror. ouA I felt be must kaov my mtcked blushes chit I had not read a word - that I had jost given over my bean and luv mmd to utterly fnolith thoughts of him ? Vf^T '''W*1' f mb* ''?(*' «*« teen if I h»d not engis- d mrselr to Cyril that dirr »t Torcello, and U he, Gilbert Floreatan hall happened to care jost a little for me. Coold iny daj -drea.:r» bs wilder or more oobfeomine - a girl with the elightert notion of self-reepect * I felt th»t I hid degraded mreelf by mv ' '^follj-. »ni that I wis hardly »orthy to' ' Have yon read much this roorciugr1 he' esfced again, pravofciagtj- persistent. ** Not very much.' I 'R*™ ™« ae ?« T°a «oW not have j nadW. dozen owsearive lines. I have not been able to read properlr for many tteeks. An imipc cornea dancing along the printed lines and dailies me ; like that ,ptc trnm of the son we see upon tie page of a book after we have looked at the enn himself. I ban been no good for intellectual work for ererso lone. Miss HatreU.' It ™1 relief when be called me Mia Hatrell, for I had been trembling le»t he should call me Daisy. It was a relief to find him^«|ierly cettmonions T-,*nt I^MSoot know h*r brief |he respite jras to be, and hovsoob he was going to thalter tnecUaael of my self-respect. '-, ... - He looked at all the book again, rearranged them methodically on the table, took np my (fceteh-bfocfc and looked aidcaly *c the half-finished sketch of a group of sycamores by the bend in the opposite shoie. I duu't suppose he recognised1 them, Ihoqgh be most have known the originals Irom bis boyhood. I took my little bit of embroidery out of my basket. It waa one of my namtroas begin nings in a neir style of work, which don't often go beyond the preliminary Mage. I threaded my .needle carefully Kritli silk of the wronc colour, and begsn a bit of a scroll. Every etitch had to come out when I took ap my work again tijis morning. I don taeem to have known wb»t colour I was using. ?? Uiss HatreU,' he said at last, ' when is lliis marriage to be ?' . I concluded tbat fee most mean my mar riage, though Ue put bis q jest ion rather 'I don't know. There is no date fixed yet. Not lot »ge», perhaps.' 'Ages in a young lady's vocabulary generally mean weeks. There is do date tiled ! But the marriage ia 6xed I suppose. There is no doubt as (o that ?' 'No,' I answered resolntely. 'Tbere is no doubt ; there never has been any doubt ; there is no room for doubt.' ' Ton have never felt the slightest inclina tion to withdraw yoor promUe. Snob tilings have been do::e, you know, and in nil honour. Better to discover now than latter that yonr heart is not wholly given to your fuice' : belter for yon, happier for him. It is not an honourable act to marry a man you do not . love, only because you li»»e promised rashly.' 'I have promised, and I mean to keep my word,' lanswered, still resolutely ; and now Uie crimson flush, the fiery heat of tlut fierce shame had cooled, and X coultl feel from the faint sickness of my sinking heart that I must have turned deadly pale. 'I have m»uy reasons for being fane to my promise irjiich you cannot know, tcotives of gratitude, motives of affection. I am not romantically in love with my fiance. I don't think there are many romantic marriages in onr day. Girls have grown mote eeombk. They no longer take their ideas of life from Byron and Moore.' I knew that I was rattling on in a most ridiculous way; lint I felt constrained to talk. It was my only means of hiding my confusion, a kind of cattle-fish vivacity, by ?rhich I hoped to hide my thoughts is a clond of words. Mr. Florestan leant his arms upon the table whore my books and work wcrescattered, and watched my face earnestly while I spoke, as if he was reading the thoughts behind all my foolish babble. ' irou are not romantically in love with your fttur,' he repeated slowly, ' tnt yon have promised to be his wife, and you mean t j keep your promise. You are perfectly con tented with yonr lot. I think that is the gist ofwhatyonhavejustsaidtome. Miss HatreU. Chat xb what you mean. ' 'Yes,' answered stiffly, ' tbat is »b»t I mean.' ** Th**n i can only ask you to pardon my impertinent questioning, and wish you good bye,' be said, rising slowly, and taking his hat, which be bad pot upon the bench besiJe bun. ' I shall go to Scotland to-night.' Ue he!d out Iiis hand and I gave hint mine u-ithtut a word. I wonder which r-as the colder. I thonght of Mrs Browning's simile of tbe etone iu the brook. Ah ; if my hand could have lain in the bollow of his cotnfi-rlabtyt aa his possession, with what wild happiness this heart would have beateu. IVe parted so, with most admirable gravity. Sir Charles Grandison and Miss Byron could not have behaved any better in t similar situation. And tbeo, all at once, as I lirard his footstep grinding the gravel, Satan got hold of roe, and I ran after him. I did more lhan run. I neu-. He was walking very fait, and I only caught him within a few paces of the gate which opens out of the shrubbery into the road close to his own domain. 14 Mr. r'loreelau,' I gasped, too breathless to He turned uid faced me, still willi that Grandisotuan gravity. '* I hope jou are not angry with we,' I said, inanely. 'Angry! WhatrinhtuaTtltobesiiSTy V returned be. 'I ventured, perhaps over boldly, to ask ft quest ion. You Iiave answered it frankly, and there an end. U'hatever hope ted oae to yon thui morning is a hope that has vanished. Nothing less than Hie knowledge that you are unhappy in your en gagemeot to Mr. Ardcn would justify me in telling you wliat I might tell if hononr would allow. Oh, l)»isy, Daisy,' he cried, eloping mv hands, and cbancing in one ii&fant; fiom Sir Charles Grandison to the icost animated and unpaSfcioned of men, ' why do you tempt oclo say srbat were better tumid— if— if you bawreilly made npyonr mind. Don't trifle with me ; don't fool me. Oh, 1 thiotc I under attuid you. I ktioa- what- women are, even the best of them. You are going to marry Cyril Ardfn, but you would like, just for sport, to know bow bard hit I am. Very hard hit Dais)'. The ai row has gone home to its mark, and it is a poisoned dart that will many a year. It is not a pltunxe, my sw«t one, to know that in making one man bappy yon will make another inan mifteniUl? V ?? Ko, it is not a pleastre ; and I am utterly wretched,' I said ; and aa the tears were foiling down my cheeka be coald not help relieving me. He toolc me in .his nuns, and held me to his heart, and kissed my forehead and my hair — ' biased toe, Cyril's promised wife —and I let him, oat of sheer misery. I was too com pletely broken down with woe to make a good tight for honour. ' Dear love, break this foolish engagement ; Matter your precipitate vows to the winds. It will be better for everybody— for Ardcn, whom you don't care about, for rae who adore yon, and even foryouraweet, e wee t self, whose heart beats throb for throb with mine— like the rival engines which wOl be racing to Scotland through -the summer night, one of ffrpro carry ing me away from you 1' I had recovered my senses by this time, and wrenched myself from hia arms. -** How cruel of you to take each advantage ofmyhelplessness/'lBaidtryingtosmoothdown the fluffy carle upon my poor ill-used forehead. 'Sir Charles wouldn't have done such a thing.' 'Sir Charles r he echoed, doubtlessly thinking me *»»-i- ' I am very sorry that I was so fcolish as to follow yon,' I said. ' There was really do reason for my doing such aa absurd thing. Only I. wished to part friends.' ' That means yon are obdurate to both yonr victims. Yon will marry Arden — not caring a straw fur him — and you will break my heart, caring perhaps 5^t a little more than a straw for me.' ** Yon are very impertinent for making such ? suggestion,' I said, with all die hauteur, I , and it is very difficult for a girl of my dis position to summon any. The fairy who ought to have supplied me with feminine dignity and proper self-respect must certainly -have taken offence at my christening, for I feel myself, lamentably deficient in these qualities, And I really tJiink the want of them is really worse than aepindle through one'* hand. Worse than a spindle. Worse than an after dinner nap of a century. What if I were to deep for a hundred years and Gilbert Florestan were to wake me, **in that new world wiiich is the old !' . Ah, why have we no fairies now ? Why has life bo sweet surprises ? Wby has every thing in my life gone wrong? He did not notice my reproach. ' la there no hope, Daisy?' be asked, pro 3h-iuic1qs my name as if he bad never b^en accustomed to address me by any other. 'I have told .yon that. I .meant to be true to my promise,' I said. ?? lam ashamed of my self for having given you the idea that I could possibly waver. Good-bye, once more, and a pleasant journey to Argyksnire.' Jft. I did not offer to shake hands with fflm again. It wonld have seemed absurd after his awfal conduct three minntcs before. I turned and ran back to the arbour as fast as ever I could go, and I opened the driest and most pessimistic of the books upon my table, and read and read and lead for an hour and an half, UU mother came to look for me, and to tell me that the luncheon gong had sounded ever so long Ago. I shut my book with a. bane, and went meekly back to the house with the dear mother, and I had not the least bit of notion what I bad been reading, except like Hamlet's book that it was 'words, words, words.' I hated myself as I had never hated' myself before, thonRh I have been ever keenly alive to my own hatefolness, t- my hideous pro pensity for doing or saying Uie worst I hinge on every possible occasion. To-day self-scorn was sharp as an acnte bodily pain, as a raging tooth-ache, for instance, or a gnawing rheu matism. Why had I so betrayed myself, why had I gone out of the way to let him see that I love him, and that my fidelity to Cyril is only man tuned by a straggle. That while I was dismissing him and -his love as a hope less caae, Z was ready to throw myself into his arms and say, ' Let us go to Scotland to gether, let os be married by the blacksmith at Gre na Green ; if there is each a person as the blacksmith, or any such place as Gretna Green left for true lovers in *hfa unrotnantic age.' I felt that he would never more have a good or proper opinion of me. I felt that if be bad had a sister turn out like me he would have considered her a diegrace to the family. I was more completely miserable than I bad been ever tince those weary days at Westgate^on-Sea, when the misery of my father's death was a new thine, and when I was parted from my mother. A kind of heip |u«^«ifre and a dull pching s'nse of degarda tion had taken hold of me ; and the worst of &U; was that for Uie first time in my life I dared not confide in my mother. We sat opposite each other at die luncheon table, neither of us caring to eat ; she low-spirited about my step-father, who was buried in his book -room over at the cottage, Idnmb and des pairing. (To be continued.) 