Mr. Arthur Streeton's Pictures. THE collection of pictures which Mr. Arthur Streeton is exhibiting at 88 Elizabeth-street, next to Collins-street, are a gratifying proof of the progress he has been making during his absence from Melbourne. He has not stopped short in his early promise, but has gone on working, overcoming difficulties, and developing his rare gifts as a colourist. His work still possesses the same characteristics. There is the feeling of airiness and space and spreading sunshine that has created scores of admiring imitators, and there is the un- satisfying vagueness which must always provoke a sneer among the unthinking and the captious. But in spite of his faults, there is no denying that Mr. Streeton is a great artist, inasmuch as he understands colour, as no other man does in this part of the world. The collection of works under notice includes the prizes of the art union Mr. Streeton and his friends are working up, with the object of providing funds for a term of study in Europe. The landscapes are mostly illustrations of New South Wales scenery, and the spectator can find a varied interest in viewing Sydney from Mosmans Bay or singling out groups in the arrival of Governor Hampden, or speculating on the glinting mass of colour which leads up to the bustle of Redfern station. For quieter subjects there is a pumpkin field of extreme naturalness, a sunburnt tract of country " out back," or a winter effect revealing a swampy, bush road. Mountain range and meadow land, garden and gum-tree alike offer a charm to artist and spectator. Several incidents in bush life such as wood-chopping, tree-falling, fossicking, are set off with the blue sky and summer breeziness of the typical Australian landscape. The bank of a river is beautified by the sunlight glancing among the vegetation on its banks or a forest of dead trees stand like an army of ghosts before a shadowy hill-side. The Hawkesbury land scape, with its spreading blue river taking up the foreground is one of the most important studies Mr. Streeton has perfected, while every work in the collection has some special charm, for there is no disputing the originality and the truth of the painting and its unmistakeable look of nature. The figure subject, " Oblivion' is a new departure and suggests a degree of hitherto undeveloped strength for this class of work that cannot fail to bear fruit in the future. " MB, Thomas Bowden, of Roden-street, West Mel bourne, is being sued in the Supreme Ooutb of Vic toria for "improperly and maliciously attaching the wages of the plaintiff in the Railway Department." '.Damages are laid at £600. Receipts from the IFdte held at " JBeaulleu," Toorak, on November 14, in aid of the building fund of the Collingwood Ordohc, were ^6118 8s. 4d. The expenditure amounted to .£20 12a. 7d., leaving a balance of J291 15s. Od. for the charity. Mna. Green's juvenile pupils ball and entertain ment takes place on Monday, December 7, in tha Melbourne Town Hall in the presence of Lady Brassey and suite. Evening dreBS will be worn in the balcony as usual. Tickets may be had at Allan's, Glen's, Mullen's, and Miss Turner's tea rooms. . Miss Godwin Smith and pupils will give an enter* tainmput in Christ Chureh schoolroom, South Yarra, on December 11. In addition to a programme of musical items and recitations, a juvenile operetta Tha Fairy Ring-by J. Wallaoe, and the muslo by Jas. Batchelder, will be performed. MB, Leonard M. Mendoza has been appointed superintendent of agents in Victoria for the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited. Mr. Mendoza has been in the service of the society for upwards of twenty jrears in Sonth Australia, New Zealand and Victoria, and during that time his business capabilities have won universal recognition from those with whom he has been brought in con tact. 