Alien Races, IN reference to the question as to whether Syrians come under the provisions of the Colored Races Restriction Bill, it is reported tkat the Premier states that the bill excludes Asiatics from enter ing the colony and that thongh the Syrians, may be Caucasians, and numbers of them may be -white in complexion, they are certainly Asiatics, and not Europeans, and, as Asiatics, come under the operation of the bill. This bill if it passes into law, seems destined to lead to some peculiar complications, although in its main principle it is right enough. The Premier's pronouncement about the Syrians seems almost to amount to saying that, contrary to the proverb, a man is a horse if he happen to have been born in a stable. A deputation of Syrians called at this office yesterday, and they and their fellows intend to wait upon the Premier on Thursday and treat him to some ethnology, for which purpose they are primed -with learned authorities. All the Syrians seen yesterday were perfectly white, in fact there was nothing to dis tinguish them from the average of white men, in fact their appearance was no more Asiatic than that, say, of the ordinary member of Parliament. Of course one may pass actsof Parliament excluding persons of this kind, but it is perfectly hopeless to think of keeping them out. The white Syrian who wishes to come to New South Wales has only to say that he is an Italian, a Greek, or some other kind of European, and he will be able to land with no one to say him nay. Some of the Syrians are fair enough to pass for natives of northern Europe, but as they all know some of the southern idioms it would probably be as southern Europeans that they 'would enter here,if the law forbad them entering in their own- character. Their Greek or their Italian might be a little defective; but the idea of New South Wales officials of a New South Wales Parliament excluding intending immigrants because of deficiencies in their Greek or Italian accent is too funny -to be entertained for a moment. Another curious situation that the exclusion of everyone born of Asiatic parents would place the population' here in is that New South Wales could not receive the Armenians, for whom its pious folk have been praying, and with whom they have been passing resolutions of sympathy ; while it could receive the Turks of- European Turkey if those blood thirsty persons were to wish to come, as fortunately they do not. To exclude an Armenian 'who was a subject of -the Sultan would not be a very serious matter. The Sultan knows perfectly well what to do with surplus Armenians who may be returned upon his hands, and would be only too glad to do it. But there are thousands of Armenian subjects of the Czar, and his Russian Majesty might re gard their contumelious treatment very differently. As a sample of the curious entanglements that are apt to arise from, the fine old British habit of lumping together as ' niggers ' all persons not Europeans, it may be noted that General Loris Melikoff, who some years ago was virtual ruler of the Russian Empire, that is the right hand of the Czar, was an Armenian. If this distinguished person 'were still alive, and wanted to tome to Australia, we should have, in accordance with the Alien Exclu sion Bill's principles, to treat him as though, he were a black man wishing to support himself by peddling dusters, and apt -to cause pestilence by a propensity to pig with a number of -other black men in a garret or cellar. Would it sot he well if the proposed bill' were so amended as to make exclusion apply only to persons who are unquestionably colored? The Syrian merchants here com plain that they suffer great injustice from the fact that an Afghan or a Hindoo directly he gets into trouble is apt to describe him self as a Syrian, which statements are accep ted by the police whose ethnological gifts are generally of the most limited. Surely it is an easy and simple thing to tell a colored man from a white one, though not so easy to tell a white man from one part of the world from a white man from another. If the colored men were excluded as such, then the cases of white foreigners who were thought likely to become a burden on the State or to be otherwise objectionable could be dealt with separately on their merits. This would be more after the method followed by America which excludes Chinese as such, but which deals separately with undesirable immigrants. If police or Custom House officials are set to discriminate between foreign ers who were born somewhere from whence they may be permitted to enter New South Wales and foreigners who were born in some place that according to New South Wales ideas should have a black mark against it, New South Wales will soon be getting itself into hot water. It would also get itself into hot water quite uselessly, for as long as all white men are free to land in any of the other colonies, nothing can prevent their walking across the border whenever they choose. The police cannot indiscriminately stop all white men who do not look quite like native born and ask each whether he does not come originally from Asia. One can faintly imagine the friction and lan guage that would result.' The New South. Wales Cricket Association had before it last night a proposal to invite the Australian cricketers to play a match in Sydney on December 13, 14, and 16. By a majority of 13 to 9 the motion was defeated, and it is instructive to notice the attitude taken ap by those ?who opposed the proposal' and the reasons that swayed the majority in coming to the conclusion they did. One consideration which appeared to have great weight with the opponents' of the pro posed match was that the Association itself would derive no pecuniary benefit from it. This was stated with refreshing candor by both Mr. Teece and the cricket ground manager,. Mr. Sheridan. What amount of weight it carried with the meet ing it is not easy to sayj but the fact that such -an argument was advanced at all shows the bent of the Association in these mat ters. To besnre, the money consideration was sot the only one that determined the result.. Extraordinary regard iras. saonn to the feelings of Queensland, which cheerfully agreed, at. the request of , the Association, to forego its fixture with the Australian team out of consideration for intercolonial cricket. Apart from this, it was thought to be inconsistent on the part of the Association to arrange & match with the team , here after the stand taken against the New Zealand, Tasmanian, and Queensland tour. The Cricket Association is supposed to be, and in a certain sense is, repre sentative of the general body of cricketers and supporters of the game in New South Wales, but it is doubtful if,in this matter it represents the general feeling of the cricketing commu nity. If it be possible to arrange a match at all in Sydney with the Australian team, there is no valid reason why one should not be played before the team is disbanded. Such a match would be far and ' away the most popular of the season. The Australians would be fresh from the most successful tour ever made by a team of tsricketers from this part of the world. They would receive an enthusiastic welcome, and a match in which they .were to figure would_ assuredly attract thousands of people from all parts of the colony, and give the public an opportunity of seeing them in their beet form.. Whether the Association would or 'would not ? profit pecuniarily ' would matter little to the thousands witnessing the match, and there would most certainly be a thumping gaxe, which would becefit somebody without injuring the ~ game' in any way. To refuse to sanction such ' a. popular match as the one proposed out of consideration for a colony which is not even represented in the Australian team is carrying sentiment too far. Everyone will remember the foolish opposition that was shown to the Australian Eleven engaging in a match with the next best team* before leaving for England and the ridiculous reasons that were urged against the 'suggested match ; and no one who saw that match played ' is likely to forget what a really popular one it was, and successful from every point of view. The opposition to a match on the return of the team is even more in comprehensible than that which was offered to the one got up before the team's departure. The special municipal grants have not evoked a very lively feeling o£ gratitude from some of the special objects of them. It is, in fact, very much the other way. -This is not, indeed, to say that the grants themselves are objected to. It is cer tain conditions attached to them which consti tute the grievance, which was voiced last night- at no less than three suburban council boards, Faddington, Bur -wood, and Eockdale. The conditions in question were introduced with the object, from the Government point of view, of exercising a measure of control over muni cipal expenditure, and so guarding against waste of the subsidies which the Government might advance. This, on the iace of it, might seem an exercise of prudence in the interests o£ the community as a whole. But from municipal quarters it is now denounced as unjust in the extreme, as a very unwarrantable niece of interference with the aathority which belongs to the municipal councils Some indig nant local councillors have discerned in it a scheme to flood the municipalitiea with all the surplus labor in, the colon}. It may at once be aBBumed that the Premier had no snch intention in his mind, and that he would not think for a moment of anything co foolish and short sighted. On the Other hand, it may be that the terms as to the expenditure of the subsidies axe a little too hard and fast But decidedly the financial history Of municipalities in New South Wales justifies the Government in the »doptjon 4-? every reasonable precaution with respect to the proper disposal of funds which it may contribme in snch a direc tion. It has a clear right to leave nothing ambiguous as to where the money goes. If tumor speaks truly the German Emperor has capped all the other eccentricities with which lie h&B; foeentfredited by -visiting Paris. in disguise, and witnessing the reception of the Czar. To be BureT tbis ;may be simply one oE those legends wbich spring up m connection with every notable event. , It -is perhaps to hs distinguished from the reBt^fitB iind only by* more than ordinarily rad3en growth. It ia easy to ^mderttaad *w-w suet a report would obtain currency. . Once made j it would fly round like 'wildfire, - and would be too j good to provoke, at least for the moment, any j sceptical inquiries as to whether it 'Was uttered j in jest or earnest, . But what, in the name ? of all fthat is strange, would Ms Germanic j Majesty want in Paris at such a time.' Tnere would be no conceivable motive short of what -| madness might suggest which could cause him I to improve on the exploits of the Caliph Haroon Alraschid, and thus secretly ' join the throng in the French capital. The risk of discovery under such circumstances might possibly . be attended * with danger. It would certainly be associated with ridicule, the bare thought of which might well give pause even - to a personage eo very little apt to identify that sort of thing with his own actions as the Emperor William is popularly believed to be. The story, on ^h.e whole, may be regarded as an invention, though one in which, with the hint of malice there is also a touch of fun. The matter naturally- recalls other stories of a similar nature. There is for example, that south ot England tradition ' concerning the great Napoleon, which a popular novelist of our own day has made the subject of a rather impressive little narrative. It is to the effect that when the French Emperor had his iegionB at Boulogne waiting for an opportunity to invade England, he managed, despite the vigilance of the British cruisers, . to make a personal survey of the intended point of disembarkation. Napoleon, like those legendary Continental ghosts, of whom Macanlay speaks in the opening chapter of his history, was supposed to have been ' 'ferried over at midnight from the land of the Prank.' Wakeful dwellers near the sea were said to have seen mysterious figures moving about the Bhore, and to have caught glimpses of uniforms which were undoubt edly those ef ' French officers. Above all. there was a man of- small stature recognised, whose directions the rest seemed to obey, and who could be no other than the dreaded Corsican. himself. A more credible tradition is that which tells of Prince Charles Edward Stuart's presence in London on the occasion of the accession of George III., and of his having witnessed the coronation eerenjony ia Westminster Abbey. Readers of Scott's 'Kedgauntlet' will remember that the great novelist, in one oi the notes to that work, makes mention of the tradition in question, and couples ~ it with another one which is doubtless to be regarded as more purely romantic and imaginary. That is the account of the picking up, by a woman who instantly vanished behind the pillars, of the glove which, according to ancient custom, the hereditary champion of England had flung down to any and all who might challenge the royal suc cession. Hut it is much easier to understand why the Young Pretender should have been in London, when the third Prince of the House of Hanover was made king, or even why ' Boney' should have secretly crossed the Channel, ere yet Trafalgar had been fought, than to imagine any reasonable purpose which could have sent the German monarch gadding in such a. fashion to see a French pageant in honor of his Imperial brother of Russia. The Alsatian recruits who have broken out- in mutiny against their German officers at Heidel berg shouting ' Vive la France ' may prove to have done a thing which, just as France is beginning to feel her strength again and make friends, have grave consequences. The exemplary punishment .of the recruits would certainly provoke anger on the western side of the Shine, and yet Germany could never brook remonstrance as to the way she maintained discipline in her own army. Why Alsace Lorraine after twenty-five years oi annexa-* tion is still by no means reconciled to Prussian role may be to a certain extent explained by what bas just taken place at Carlsruhe, which like Heidelberg is in Baden. At Carlsruhe one Brnsewitz, a lieutenant, in order to satisfy his honor, slew tne otner day aa unfortunate engineer who had stumbled against his (Bruse witz's) chair in a cafe, and had then refused to apologise. Brnsewitz— it is pretty certaia that Brnsewitz -will turn out to be a Prussian — had the aid of several companions in preventing the unfortunate engineer from escaping:, uxd seemed quite proud of his deed after he had accomplished it. If such an atrocity had occurred in France or .England — to take two countries with which Germany may be considered on a par as regards civilisation — it would be pretty safe to assume that the perpetrator was mad. In Eng land, if he could not be proved mad he would sorely be hanged, and in France his punishment, though perhaps sli^iitij lesB severe would be none the less certain — probably a long term of penal ser vitude. The German military have often, how ever, been encouraged in an overbearing demeanor towards the civil population, and according to certain authorities the Prussian lieutenant, even without encouragement, is the most offensive of all created beings. An officer has before now * been acquitted for cutting down an ? unarmed tradesman, who he thought had insulted him; — a very similar case to the present. A sentinel in Berlin some years ago fired into a group of boys who were chaffing him and killed one ; he was not held to have exceeded his duty. Soldiers also' endeavor- ing to escape from the custody of pickets have been shot down in circumstances* tbat in any other service would merely have meant pursuit, recapture, and. a nighc in the guard room and subsequent pack drill. Bruse witz*s offence may have been so flagrant that pusishment may follow. But if punishment be severe, the army will certainly grumble that its privileges are being brought into disrespect. . The curbing cf the swaggering ways ot the Prussian officer would, on the other hand, be agreeable to all the civil population, and to the population of South Germany generally, military aa well as civiL. A-visit Jrom Mr. Harry Furniss, the well-known caricaturist, is announced, Mr. R. S. Smyth having, it appears, engaged him for a lecturing tour of Australia, ?which, is to commence in May next. If Mr. Furniss can only manage- to wag his tongue half as wittily as he handles his pencil, he should be a great success on the platform. This is the 'artist who, as, many people will remember, was 'the subject of a. slightly sensational cablegram a few years ago in connection with a scene which took place in the lobby, of the House of Commons, and in which the other actor was' a Home Rule member, Mr. Swift MacNeill. The M.P. was rep resented as having assaulted the caricaturist for having pictured him in 'Punch?' as a sort of living illustration of the Darwinian theory. That was^a kind of humor indeed which the Eleet Btreet jester was apt to carry a little too far at one period of his career, when Irishmen happened .to engage his attention. They, were usually de picted with more jor less ol a resemblance to apes, j It was not only Irishmen themselves who resented j this as savoring more of malice than legitimate fun. Many Englishmen and Scotchmen have also spoken of it as a practice which was not only ill natured,' but rather foolish as well. John Moriey on one occasion said that it had much to do with perpetuating bitter feelings and unworthy preju dices between the two. countries. However, 'Punch' had for some time abandoned that tradi tional method of joking, at the Irish -when Mr. Furniss. was heard of in the character of a' re vivalist of it, and. as having suffered at the hands of the individual who was .specially aggrieved. But' when the particulars -of the matter came. to be learned it was -found - that the .circumstances had been greatly : exaggerated. The alleged as sault was a very -harmless demonstration, and the cause of it by no means a national affront, what ever Mr. MacNeiil thought fit to -consider it from a more personal point of view. In short, the thing assumed a totally- different complexion when people were reminded that the allegd per petrator of the latest injustice to Ireland was an Irishman himself, and -that it -was Mr. MacHeiil's vanity which he Tmfl hurt much more than his sense of patriotism. 