Political. —0— Much interest has been manifested in Sydney lately, regarding a new process fer preserving fruit. Sydney politicians are anxiously awaiting a new process for preserving eggs. A fresh egg at election time is a decided novelty- Lyne, M.P., in N.S.W. Parliament, recently advocated the abolition of electors' rights. He considered electors' rights to be the bane of politicians. Politicians of the Lyne-clothes-fine-order, are likewise the bane of the sister colony. During a debate recently in the-N.S.W. Assembly, the electric light went out suddenly, leaving members in the dark. Which may be regarded as a sarcastic reflection on the House generally. Premier Reid promises that the Referendum Bill, for settling disputes between the two Houses, by referring the subject in dispute to the people for decision, will be introduced, in the NS.W. Assembly before the present session closes. Reid is advised that not improbably the Bill will have a favorable reception in the Council, as some members are beginning to see that with the Referendum, the jealousy against the Council would disappear, because it would be brought into direct contact with the people. If Reid was sincere, which he is not, and never has been, he would also state what he knows to be a fact—namely, that he has not a million-toone chance of ever seeing the proposal accepted by the Council. Anyhow, this paper is open to lay the odds to that extent, and as usual, it " knows nothing." The gigantic Coolgardie Water Scheme, passed through W.A. Assembly is estimated to cost <£2,000,000, and will probablyr un into three times the amount before it is finished. It will take about three years to complete. The best thing the Forrest Govt, could have done would have been to appoint half-a-dozen leading engineer experts from different parts of the world to work out the practicability of the scheme. If they spent ^20,000 in this way it would have paid them in the long run Remarked that Williams iB the name of Vic. Railway Minister, and Williams is the constituency which W.A. Railway Commissioner Piesse represents. W. M. Clark, ex Footscray (Vic.) member, 18 , a minin S expert on the Westralia goldfields. Next general elections in W.A. will probably resolve itself into a ballot-box battle between " Tothersiders " and " Sandgropers." Premier Reid, of Sydneyside, recently denied that any correspondence had taken place with regard to the appointment of a colonial judge to the Privy Council. The FREE LANCE stated emphatically that correspondence was taking place, also that it was marked " strictly private." Reid was last week forced to admit that the LANCE'S information was correct. But why correspondence on such a public question should be marked private is more than this disreputable sheet can understand. Labor-man; Thomas, of Sydneyside Parliament, wants the Government to provide for the maintenance of widows and orphans of all miners killed while following their avocation! The FREE LANCE considers the country already is taxed with a man named Thomas, a nice young fellow, whose head and impudence aic out of all proportion to the individual himself. The rumor that Toby Barton has been approached with the view of inducing him to accept the leadership of Sydneyside Opposition, i6 denied. The FREE LANCE and those in the know are aware of the fact that the rumor has more foundation than is admitted. Leader Lyne, though an ardent Protectionist, has not the qualifications for a leader, especially when he has to fight wriggler Reid. " I know the Govt, are doing all they can— and God knows that ain't much—to reduce the expenditure."—Dove McLellan in Vic. Ass. The Vic. labour members aren't quite a happy family, with Trenwith out of the way. Prendergast is a particularly fractious member and delights to run on his own, to the burly Hancock's disgust. Prendergast wants to pose as the John Burns of the party, and the 'aughty one tries to upset his apple-cart at every turn. Likewise Prendergast is inflated with a notion that he has a Heaven born genius for solving problems. J. B. Tucker, the newly elect of South Melb.,,is the 'Enery Parkes of the Vic. Ass., so far as neglect of the aspirate goes. .Also he hasn't the ghost of an idea of how a sentence ought to be constructed. The other night he urged the Premier " to shove on these 'ere works and the likes of them." 