^^§^^;vS^abtiigi-. 0HBI8TMN CERTAINTY. ' [By J. Gershoji Greenhough, M.A.] We know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness ; and we- know the Son of God ia come, and hath given us an understanding, that we ? may know Him that is true, even in His Son Jesus Christ This is the true God and eternal life.— 1 John, v. 19, 20. This epistle has often been called the epistle of love, and it well deserves the title ; but I think it might almost properly be called the epistle of certainties. There is a ring of confidence and assurance from the opening words to the close, and on that account it is refreshing to read it in these days. To read it \- after groping through the land of fitful gleams and overshadowing darkness which the modern apologist loves, or after sighing one's way through the faltering hopes and feeble trusts of Ttennysonian verse is like passing out of the confined air. of convent gloom to the tonic breezes and unclouded splendor of Alpine heights. Instead of that doleful cry of the night— Behold, we know not anything1, there pomes on every breath the sweet morn ing voice, ' The darkness is past and the true light now shineth.' The opening verse strikes the keynote — ' That which we have seen with our eyes, which our hands have handled, declare we unto you ;' and the whole song is sustained on the same high level. ' I write unto you because ye have known the Father ; ye have an unction from the Holy One, and know ali things.' 'We know that we have passed from death unto life.' At every pause this comes like some glad antiphony, and at the close there is heaped up, in a sort of erand climax, the four times repeated ' We know,' as if the writer would fasten it upon bis readers' minds as the sum of all that he has been teaching. He writes and speaks as one who, concerning all the great and vital matters of our faith, has been lifted for ever and entirely out of the region of doubt and' speculation and uncertainties into the divine sunlight in which dark ness and misgivings are unfelt, and ?where the discords of the divided mind are silenced in the full, harmonious music of those who behold the Face. We know that we are of God, we know that we are in Him that is true ! Now, these words, strong as they are, are not singular and exceptional. Just as this apostle wrote and spoke, so felt and so testified all those first witnesses of Christ. The strong and prevailing power of the early disciples was in their certainties. They went forth with decision upon their lips, with the fire of intense conviction burning in their hearts ; and that made their testimony irresistible, and gave them their victory over the world. It was the age of the sceptic— a period pf almost universal uncertainty. Agnosticism was bringing forth its inevitable fruits of pessimism and despair ; the old reli gions had grown decrepit, and were regarded as hoary-headed imposters even by those whose business it was to defend them ; and the creeds were worn-out rags which barely covered the nakedness of atheism. Thoughtful men were sneering at the very word of truth. The theatre was ridiculing the godt-, philosophy contemptuously ignoring them. Priests hid themselves behind the Temple screen to laugh at the credulity of the worshippers. Sooth sayers, augurs, orators, and sacrifices had become a system of charlatanry. Men were everywhere boastfully declaring, or mourn fully confessing, that nothing was known, and nothing could be known, about the higher powers and a future life. Often were they avowing their atheism with flippant lips whiie their hearts were full of a sad weariness and longing. For, my brethren, there is no boast ing so stagy and unreal as the boast of the human heart over its own religious darkness ; the laughter of the cynic over his dreary ne gations is as hollow as the hysterical laughter at a funeral! Man hungers for the spiritual food which he has cast away ; his soul has its dwelling among the tombs where his dead faith lies buried ; he is for ever impatient to know something about God and the mystery of birth and death and what comes after. It is terrible to be groping in damp mists and labyrinths of darkness, and he is for ever sending out his urgent, desperate cry, ' Who will show us any good ? Who will read for us the everlasting riddle ? Who will rend the veil for us?' That was the secret sigh and groan of nearly all the world in tho days of the apostles ; and then these men appeared, declaring, in tones to which the world had long been unaccus tomed, that they had found the truth, the eternal life, the Conqueror of death, the mighty Saviour, an everlasting Father, and the v sry light and life of men— that they had proved these things by touch, eight, and reason, by evidence of sense, and mind, and spirit — that no opposition or ridi cule could aDate their confidence in them, and that they were prepared to labor and suffer and die in witness thereof. ' We speak that which we do know, and testify that which we have seen.' They come with triumphant certainty upon their lips, holding up in their hands the clue to all the great mysteries. It ivas like a rock on which the desperate swim mers in that sea of doubt could plant their feet. It was the one clear beacon light in- the' waste of darkness. No wonder that men* Rathered round them. ' This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.' And, further, it was these certainties that . made the Apostolio Church a missionary ' church. That church throbbed in every fibre of its being with the missionary spirit ; it took il in with every breath and gave it out with every thought. It was the fire of Pentecost, which sat on the lips of all, and as a fire burn ing in their bones, so that they were weary with forbearing, and could not stay ; and as a forest fire spreading from tree to tree each illumined soul passed on the. light to another; each convert was' as good as two, because each one made another, as it always ought to be. Prisoners whispered the glad news to their gaolers, soldiers to their comrades, servants to their masters, women to everyone that would listen'. The lame man leapt as a hart to carry it forth, and the lips of the dumb sang. Everyone wanted to pluck the brand from the burning and win a jewel for Christ. The audacity of that early faith was sublime. It . took no account cf numbers ; every Christian soldier was a battalion. Two men lay siege to A city ; a handful advanced to annex a king ? dom. Every foot of ground they trod was . claimed for Christ. All things were created by Him and for Him, and all must yield to Him. They saw Him marching forth with His invisible hand laid upon the hearts of nations and with His foot upon the neck of kings, and they followed, conquering and to conquer. And how could it be otherwise? They were swayed by the force of a mighty' conviction. There' was no hesitation, because there was no doubt; they had come out of darkness ' into perfect light. On their faces shone the full glory of God, while the world round them lay in the grim shadow of death. They alone had grasped ;,the grand realities, they alone had received power to become the sons of God, they alone were alive from the dead, and the splen dor of their privilege made them debtors to all men. The overflowing gladness of their hearts streamed out in saving pity. .They could neither fear, nor hold back, nor sit still in the mighty assurance which possessed them. 'We are of* God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.' Now, in saying this I am saying what is true of every living church, every church that is earnest, and aggressive, and advancing. And so let me say, thirdly, and mainly, that the measure of our certainties is the measure of our power. We cannot lift others on the rock unless our own feet are there. No man ever wrought conviction in his_ fellow-man unless conviction had swept hesitation out of him like a whirlwind, and cleansed his heart of doubt like a fire. No man believes a witness who only half believes himself. There is no persuasion on the lips save that which comes from the intensity within. And if there be no certainity there will be no fervor, no enthusiasm, no pathos in the voice, no pity in the eyes, no thrill of sympathy ! There will only be cold words falling on cold hearts, and returning as they went out — void. If we are to prevail it must be with language and with feelings such as are written here — 'we know.' In all work — especially in forward work — we must have an absolute assurance that our truths are proved, that our weapons have been forged in God's own furnace, that our directions have been given by the Holy Ghost, that the promises which inspire us are written or spoken by Divine lips, and that He who sends us forth is the true God and the Eternal Life. We must have credentials which are indisputable, and a commission wose authority is beyond all question, and a purpose proof against the timidities of disloyalty and the fickleness of doubt ; for if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself for this great battle ? I think, my brethren, that there is a cry rising everywhere just at present for cer tainties. The church of to-day, just because she is eager to obey her Master's call, panting for a fuller life, and on the spring for new activities, is holding more confidently her grand inheritance of faith. The whole church is beginning to feel and rejoice in a powerful reaction towards positive beliefs. Those who talk somewhat boastfully about their advanced thought are being left behind, though they do not know it, by an advance of a nobler kind. The Church is sweeping past them in the impatience of a renewed assurance !_ Is it not a fact that all the most earnest spirits are getting weary of those who would keep us always in the enervating atmosphere of eelf questioning? Weare always revising our beliefs, reshaping and paring down our creeds, and burrowing at the foundations to discover whether there is anything bolid there ! Do we not all feel more and more that the teaching and the preaching which deal chiefly with negations, which cut away half the Bible, and are mainly occupied in proving what ought not to be believed, cannot stir a single pulse of holy endeavor or inspire one generous pur pose ? They fall like a Scotch mist across our vision, and like a chill east wind upon our zeal ! I have little desire to speak about what is called the higher criticism, except to say that it might perhaps have been content with a more modest title ! We are not unmindful of the debt we_ owe to the patient and reverent scholarship which has helped us to read God's Book with other and larger eyes, and which has shown us more clearly the human setting of its imperishable Divine treasures; but is it not possible to sit with too humble and sub missive attitude at the feet of mere dry scholar ship, and to accept witli too little question its imperious dictates? Surely to admit that the Book can be read and judged as other books are by the historian, the antiquarian, and the philologist is to give up all that we claim for it. Surely the language and tho thoughts of the Divine Spirit can only be pro perly understood by those who feel some of the movements of the Spirit within them selves ? _ And the true criticism — whether you call it higher or lower — needs heart as well as brain, anoVthe fine spiritual touch as well as the keen analytical perception. Our thankful ness passes into impatience when the reverent handling of Scripture becomes the cold, cruel vivisection which heartlessly lops off living members, and lets out the very life blood to shov us how the Book was constructed! Tho criticism which revels in destruction, find on pretence of clearing the creepers from the tree hacks at the very root, cau only provoke anger and pain in us. If we are to accept the re sults of this criticism, which I am sorry to say are sometimes announced in Christian pulpits, that Book which was to us as the garden of the Lord, perfumed with the very breath of His mouth, becomes like the land which the locust, the caterpillar, and the palmer worm had devoured, orJeven, as in tho valley of Ezekiel's dream, fullof dry bones— 'Lo, they are very dry.' We may well ask, Can these dry bones live ? Tliestoutest faith may well pause when it sees one treasure after another carried away from it's soul's treasure-house, and timid faith may well be excused if it fears that at last it may be found weeping by the empty sepulchre and saying, ' They have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid Him.' Surely the Church has had enough of this— enough of the pruning-hook and the dissecting knife ! She wants to feel the sword and to use it for her real welfare. She wants to have her feet planted again on apostolic certainty, and for her mission work particularly there must be the heart established and a quiet assurance. The missionary spirit is one of the mightiest of all forces, and it is also a tender flower that soon perishes in the chill air of doubt. It was born and nursed in the tropical air of enthusi astic conviction, and only in that fervid air can it live or be strong. The chill breeze of negation freezes the tears in its eyes, and stops its breathing. It is swept along by grand emotions, impelled by the urgings of an unspeakable pity and an infinite love. It is full of divine joy and Gethsemane sorrow ; self-sacrifice is its meat and drink continually ; and each day it has to be rebaptised in a furnace of impassioned love and devotion. There can be none of these things without the intensity of an unquestioning and un troubled, faith. Missions can only march to the music of '.'We know.' If there is apjj dubiousness in the feet as they take their steps, or any misgivings in the heart, there will be perpetual falterings and paralysing weariness. And if we are not certain that our Bible is the Word of God and our Christ the only possible Saviour of the world, shall we care to expend treasure and blood and send out men to loneliness and peril, and often into the very grip of death, to give them forth ? Nay, what men will go, indeed, unless they have first fought their own uncertainties and slain them ? And how can they bear the protracted delays, the frustrated hopes, the sometimes desponding results, the weary cry, 'How long?' unless in all our prayers and tears there is an absolute certainty that the world is perishing for lack of this truth, and that there is no life at all for the world without it ? There would be an end of all missionary zeal if we are to believe, or even be largely influenced by, that talk concerning the heathen systems which students of compara tive religion have recently made current. Many hands have been busy of late white washing the darkness and laying a thin covering of gilt over corruption. It has become [fashionable in certain quarters to extol Buddha, and Confucius, ' and Mahomet, and by implication to depreciate Christ ; to hold up for admiration the Light of Asia, and by implication to bedim the Light of the World ; and the levelling up of the heathen system and the levelling down of the Bible have gone on together until they are made to meet almost on common ground ! It is a singular thing that at this time, when all theinfluential and thoughtful minds in the East, who have grown up under tho shadows of those systems, are revolting from them, turn ing away from them with disgust, here at home, far away from those systems, are minds busily at work glorifying the treasures = which they contain, and holding them up as well nigh divine! Surely it is distance which lends enchantment to the view ! What have all those delightful moral precepts dug out from beneath the accumulation of centuries — — what have they to do with the utter dark ness of sin and blind guilt which broods over the whoie heathen world of to-day? What, indeed ! Moreover, the people who compare these things with Christian life and power may know something about .heathen literature, but they know nothing about the forces of Christianity. Christianity is not a set of fine sayings and sweet rules of conduct. The world has always had them in abundance, and has not been greatly benefited by them. If we had nothing to carry to the heathen world but our moral precepts, do . you think we should care to spend our treasure or energy on that task ? Nay, if we had the whole Sermon on the Mount and the example of Him who translated it into lovely deeds, we would not go forth if that were all. Moral truths by themselves are only a poor treadmill upon which men spend weary labor and never get &ny; higher. Christ did not come so'much to tell men what -they ought, to do, what they ought to be — that is to mock them 'with the revelation of their own impotence; He did not come for that, but to give them power that was more than human, and to enable them to ascend to the heights which He showed. We do not go the heathen world to repeat bits of sweet philosophy and moral prettiness ; we go to give them the unveiling of a Father's face, to open up to them a new world of infinite compassion and forgiveness ; we go to give them the sweets of atonement and joy of recon ciliation ; we go to carry them an almighty living Saviour to help them, an intense and personal love to inspire them, a vital union with the source of all power to energise them, and a life beyond to enrich with its hopes and brighten with its glories the labors and the sorrows of the life below. And between that and everything else in the world there are no terms of comparison possible. It is not- a question of superiority. Every lover of Christ flings scorn on that patronising word. It is a question of contrast— machinery against living force, a father's heart against unfeeling, stone, and a heaven full of love against a present house of despair. No less conviction than that will keep up the white heat of missions. 