THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDAY, JULY 4,1896. Bprrom; OF HEWS. Nominations close for homing match on Monday evening next. ' Tendera for road works at Hamilton close on Monday. The Hobart Marine Board met yesterday and had some practical work before it. The S.T. Artillery ball at the Town-hall laat night a great success, Annual mining conference at Launceston next, month. Bellerive Literary and Debating Society meeting on Monday evening to discuss Hon. N. J. Brown's paper. Tasmanian ram and ewe bave taken the championships in fine wool classes at Sydney show. At a meeting of temperance workers and parents yesterday a Loyal Temperance League for Hobart was favoured. . Yesterday the Minister of Lands and com- mittee inspected the route of a proposed new drivo to the summit of tho Queen's Domain hill. London tin quotation £615*. to £6117s. Gd. Slight outbreak of Cholera at Wady Haifa. Tasmanian 3} per cents. 11UJ, an advance of J por cent. British South Africa Company said to be about to raise addition;.! capital. Steamboats in collision off the Japanese coast ; 178 lives lost. China has granted Russia absolute freedom of trade in Northern Chinese territory. Brickwood Colley, a veteran jockey, has died suddenly at Brisbane. Shocking outrage on peaceable Jews by Russian soldiers. A son of Lo Bengula installed as king by Matappo rebels. Bavarian officor sentenced te 10 years' im- prisonment for selling military secrets. Renewed fighting in Crete.' Two hundred Turks killed. Queen interesting herself in the Queen's Nurses Soaiety. Coal Mines Regulation Bill read a second timo in House of Commons. Lord and Lady Hampden, family, and suite visiting Melbourne. Queensland revenue shows an increase of £228.411 for the financial year just ended. Austral, s.S., sighted off Albany last evenincr. Ex-Detective Kirby committed for trial in New Zealand. New South Wales Premier has promised a subsidy of £250 for intercolonial band com- petition. House of Commons has voted three millions sterling for the Uganda railway extension. Newcastle coal mine owners have agreed to meut the Premier in Conference on the strike crisis. Nowly-elected Canadian Premier has com- menced the work of tariff revision by appoint- ing a Commission of Inquiry. Martin, American cyclist, covered 25 milos in G9min. 5l»ec, and 5 miles in 12irain. at Brisbane yesterday. Inquiry has been instituted as to cause of delay of the s.u. Ballaraat mails at Adelaide, from Wednesday until Thursday. Australians against the .North of longland Bcored 195 ; the North responded with 82 for ? (ivn wicket». Mr. Harper's scheme for adjusting Com merdai Bank of Australia affaim is approved of by The Times and financial Times Proposal to tax Kronen [teures mooting with much disapproval in Chamber of Deputies. A.J. Club has instituted a Red Ribbon j trophy for tbo St. Loger. Wallace wins the j first of these distinctions. Sweeping reductions in Now South Wales Post and Telegraph Department; 196 officers to be dispens°d with, and savingB made amounting to £51,789. New Zealand House of Representatives has carried, on casting vote of Sneaker, the second reading of a bill providing for election of Executive Council Earl of Elgin, as Viceroy of India, has pro- tested strongly against the cost of the Suakim contingent of Indian troops being charged to his administration. Action against Russell, Melbourne share broker, for £200,000, alleged damages for non sale of scrip, has been decided in favour of defendant, with costa. FEDERATION may be said to be the topic of the day, but, somehow, there seems to be a want of interest in the subject on the part of the great body of the people. There is no outside enthusiasm, though, except in a few farming districts, there u always a favourable reception for orators who advocate the cause. Still, with all this, it is easy to discern that diffi- culties are growing apace as the dis- cussion goes on, and some of them difficulties which ought never to bave been raised. Some of these, as wn have pointed out several times, may i be described as quite gratuitous, such as the proposal to dictate to the several colonies how they shall manage their own affairs, started first by Sir GEORGE GREY at the last Convention, and now followed up and carried further by Mr. KINGSTON, in South Australia, who appears to have lost all perception of the fitness of things. We do not know chat his eccenti¡cities will do much harm, because he will, v.e should think, find himself in a very small minority when the Convention meets, but still the raising of such questions shows a want of appreciation of the position. Mr. KINGSTON will, more- over, have some help in New South Wales, for a portion of the press there fell into the trap laid by- Sir GEORGE GREY, and we expect to see some fol- lowing behind the South Australian delegates. On the whole, however, we incline to the opinión that this attack on what we may call State Rights will have but little effect beyond starting a useless discussion, which will not be of much import- ance if the proceedings are conducted in private, as they should be. We can see, too, that the Federal Consti- tution Bill of the last Convention, which was declared to be absolutely perfect, will have to undergo sundry alterations, amongst which will bo its financial provisions, which were never satisfactory, and also, let us bope, the ! provision as to the financial power of the Senate, which was always regarded as an absurdity on its very face. Then, we may expect a new and prolonged discussion on the name to be given to the Federal Union, as there is now a very ¿general acknowledgment that the term Commonwealth is quite unsuitable. As a matter of fact, there is no proposal to create a Commonwealth, as the very financial difficulties which have arisen show. If a Commonwealth could be consti- tuted the financial difficulties would not arise, so that the absurdity of the name comes out more and more plainly, the longer we consider what can be and what is proposed to be done. In fact, Sir SAMUEL GRIFFITH has recently shown that the financial scheme set forth in the Bill cannot be carried out, as it would work in a very unfair manner, so unfair, indeed, that we can hardly expect that the Legislatures of the colonies will accept it. The financial problem is still the lion in the path. There must, however, be some way in which financial equality can be secured, aud we should say that the problem ought not to prove a very difficult one. But, that it will have to be gone over agaiu with more knowledge and care than were exercised before is now quite certain, and it is not improbable that some new scheme, on quite another basis, may be found to be desirable when a further examination of the facts takes place. If the finan- cial difficulty, which is mainly the result of the heavy debts of the colonies can be removed, the path will be cleared of the main obstacle, but others will romain, amongst which ( we must reckon the antagonistic fiscal policies of Victoria and New South Wales. At presenb it is impossible to see liow these two can agree on a common tariff, and we are much in clined to think that Federation, in any practical form, will have to wait until New South Wales has either demon- strated the absolute success of Free trade, or has decided to return to the fold of the faithful Protectionists. Another financial subject which will be discussed is the management of the Debts of the1 colonies. Various pro- posals have been-indeed are now being- discussed as to the consolida-. tion of the Debts, by which we J are told that a million a year can be saved, partly in interest, and partly in the cost of management So far, we cannot see that a case has been made out. We have had some figures before us inteuded to show tbat even this colony can save some thousand; a year by giving creditors a large amount of stock at a lower rate of interest, but they seem to be based on a fallacy. Evidently, nothing can be saved by giving an equivalent If our creditors are to get in stock at a lower interest an exact equivalent for the stock which they now hold, it is evident that they must get yearly the same amount in interest, «r they will not take the new stock. English debeuture-holders are not going to throw away a portion of their incomes to oblige these colonies, that is quite certain, from which it follows tbat nothiug can be saved by offering tbem more stock at a lower rate of interest. This applies, of course, to a consolidated Debt, issued iu the name of the Federation, as the present holders would have to be deal with, and they will not take less than they now get. Then, it is well known that some sort of premium will have to be offered in order to induce tbem to convert their stock at all, and what the amount of that premium would be bas yet to be decided. Besides this, there would be the cost of couvtr lion, which is, we understand, estimated at J per cent., so that it is not easy to discover where the saving is to come in at present Of course, as the debentures run out a Federal Loan could be issued at a lower rate of interest, as the security would be more satisfactory, but by that time interest may not be so low as it now is, when money is actually going a-begging, for there may have been a war, or some finan- cial convulsion, say bimetallism, may have sliakeu England from her supreme position in the Money Market of the world. Another proposal, which is said to find favour in the eyes of our own TREASURER, is to issue debentures for longer periods thau the present ones at a reduced interest, which, it is thought, will induce holders to lessen their incomes in order to make it last longer. Some of our debentures have forty years to run, so that ¡tis evident that if these are to be dealt with on the plan suggested, their term will have to be a very long one iudeed. Is it pro- bable that debenture-holders will rise to such a fancy fly as this ? We think that the fish »ill be found to be a great deal too wary to be induced to snap at such a bait, and that a Treasurer, whether he happens to be a Federal or a local one, will make many casts before he gets a run. Some such ex- periment has been, we believe, tried in New Zealand, and it proved an uttor failure. The call to the unconverted proved to be quite ineffectual. There is, of course, the further objection, that at the end of the term, whatever it may be, the Federation or the individual colonies, as the case may be, may have to redeem their debentures at a very high rate of interest, unless a sinking fund is formed, which would swallow up the savings. As far as present information goes, there does not seem to be much, if any, in the many proposals made to deal with the Debts, so that the Convention will have many difficult problems to discuss, and will stand in need of the best actuarial assistance. The TREASURER has, we understand, some scheme to set forth in his Financial Statement for dealing with debentures ; let us hope that to him will come the honour of having solved the problem. THE cattle tick has been found in New South Wales : dead ticks, it is true, but still the tick, and therefore it is one step nearer to Tasmania. Now, as we understand it, the proclamation which the Government intend issuing next week, prohibiting the importation of hides from Queensland, is thought to go far enough, because it is assumed that the Government in Sydney will have taken secure steps ana sufficient precaution to prevent the tick entering their colony. It has not, therefore, been thought necessary to protect Tasmania against New South Wales, but the presence of the pest in any form in that colony entirely changes the position of affairs. It shows, for one thing, that the people in the mothar-colony are not so seeure as they thought they were ; that they are not so well protected as they imagined they hud _ a right to .xp«ct to be ; that there is a scrow loose in the regulations of the Stock Department of the colony if infected hides can penetrate from Queensland, through Sydney to Nowra, and it will still further »how the people and the Government uf this colony that, if they wish to be free from this menace to the whole pastoral industry, they must trust no one but themselves, certainly not such a weak reed as the Sydney Minister of Agriculture, or is it the Chief Secretary, is proving himself to be. The first idea which such a rpport as that which comes from Nowra gives rise to is, naturally, to extend the pro- clamation to include, for a time at least, all the mainland colonies, and to prohibit for a while the importation of cattle and hides from all ports beyond sea, but then, of course, conies in the con- sideration of the serious interference this would be with bubiness, and, worse still, the effect thatsuch an interference with themeat traffic would very hoon have upon the food of the people. The in- terests of the pastoral tenants require watching, it is trye, but is that to be done to the detriment of the colony us a whole 1 In this way. For a few months past this colony has been able to supply itself with beef, but now the winter weather has arrived that state of things will quickly come to an end, for the cold wiuds will make the cattle rather lose flesh than put it on, and there will bo no morebrought forward until late in the coming spring. By next month, therefore, the cities at least will have to supply themselves with beef as best they can, and the | Hobart supply will, as usual, come by way of Eden from New South Wales stations. If this supply is cub oil", by prohibiting _ the importation of the beasts, it will mean a short supply, and an increase of price for the poor stuff that will bo forthcoming locally to 2s. per lb., or even higher rates. The poor beasts that will thus be killed in untimely fashion to suit the wants of the hour will be a double loss to the colony, for at the best two of them will only go as far as one would in proper trim, leading to a permanent reduction in the colony's herds, and to very little purpose. This _ is the way in which the falling olF in the number of sheep in the colony is to be accounted for. A large number of lambs are now placed on the market that ought to be kept for future breeding, and when these lambs are done the slaughter yards are supplied with fresh stores, as some call them, which really ought to be kept for fattening, and if i;o retained they would, with lum or 15lb. more flesh upon them, go two sheep to the three at present slain forfojd. This is a serious loss to the colony, and to the owners of the animals, if they could only see it, and so, though the graziers might benefit temporarily by# the with- drawal of outside competition, they would be eventually the losers. Though their purses might swell for the time being, their nerds would be reduced m most uprolitable fashion, just as sheepowners now find themselves less well off, because they will not sell their sheep upon terms for fattening, but have preferred a future loss by disposing of them for immediate consumption, so that the sovereigns were also immediately jangling in their pockets. With so much to' lose, therefore, by' prohibition, it seems as if we must put up, even with such a grave danger as the nearness of the tick- undoubtedly is in close proximity, with a system of inspection of the most rigorous character of all the mainland stock that come here for food, with perhaps a loss of the hides, which it may be wise to destroy after entry. But there must _ be no mistake about this inspection ; no perfunctory passing of the beasts with a look and a nod, like medical officers of health content them- selves with in the case of smallpox. There is no need for a scare, but there is need for great caution in the present instance, unless Tasmanian herds are to be opened to decimation of the most disastrous character, and the owners thereof to proportionate loss. The 'position is no ordinary one, and the Government must see that they do not treat it in that way, but take every proper, and, indeed, even extremo P1"6" caution to koop out the pest, wf«8 *J the same time they do not uniM'y ,IM,tj unnecessarily interfere with tll° toou supply of the people. _ TiiKitE is likely to be nnother storm at the Launceston City Council meet- ing on Monday, when the pro- posal to introduce a bill into Par linment during the coming session authorising the borrowing of a further sum of £20,000 for electric light purposes comes on for consideration Already £50,000 have been borrowed for the same objeot ; but the sum 1ms been found insufficient to copo with the large expenditure incuried in connec- tion with .'.he oleetric light work«-not because the contract price of Messrs. Siemens Brothers it Co. has been exceeded, but simply becauso numerous extras which ought to have been in eluded in the original scheme were omitted from the estimated cost, and being absolutely necessary have now to be provided foi. On the principle Unit what is worth doing is worth doing well, the Council and thoir advisers are to be commended for endeavouring, within reason, to make the installation as perfect as possible, for in tho long t un it is almost cortain to become a very \alu able asset. But, there are one or two members of the Council who can- not be induced to loek at it in that light. They have thrown every obstacle they could in the way of the scheme from the very start, and now that mote ironey has to be borrowed they are adopting tho after game cry of " I told you so," and trying to appear very wise. These are the men who, while decrying anything like inct eased taxa- tion, insist that the streetb and other public works should be kept in pioper order, and that the Coun- cil bbould never get into debt. It is with platitudes such as these that they get into the Council, and although they lealn better uhen linne, thoyare aft aid to chango their tactics for fear of bunging down upon theuisehc» the righteous indignation of their noiny supporters. But it is expected that the majority in the Council »ill look at this mattor from a business point of \iew,and seeing that it is necessaiy, if the finances of the Corporation are to bo kept straight, that the money should bo borrowed, they will take steps to set the requisite machinery in motion. Although it is proposed to ask power lo oorrow £25,000, only between £12,003 and £13,000 will be required immediately. But it is hardly worth while going to Parliament for the smaller amount, for with installa- tions proceeding at the present rate, additions and extensions will _ be re- quired at the generating station and other parts of the works in the near future, and with the differpnco in the above sums at their command, the Council will be saved the trouble of going to Parliament foi further borrowing powers in the course of a year or two to defray the expenses. So that taken all round, the proposal is a most judicious one, and should bo carried into effect without delay. OUR contributor of North Western jottings tells a pleasant tale There is, he says, a much more hopeful tone amongst North West Coasters than han been observable for some years Charm ing weather, fair crops, and fair {/rices, have all tended fa\ourably, and aiiuti pations are rife of a speedy and perma neut levival of every thing aUectmg the well being of the people This is but a reflex of the geneial cheerfulness pre vailing throughout the agricultural districts o£ Tasmania The traditional grumbling faimer is for the present 7io)i es1, the past season has been good, and prospects for the coming season give assurance of continuing pros perity, not leading to sudden accession of unexpected wealth, but at least bearing fair promise of adequate re turns for the fanners' ne\ or ceasing labour Those who still hate gloomy vie»b, if theie are any such people, wisely refrain fiom croaking They aie as ptophets without honour, and wiholy hold then peace Heie und there may be heard a faint wail of repining, iiere and there a line may be seen in print averiing that farming has gone to the dogs, and never can bo restored, but all this is what Americans term poppycock, and nothing more Mete iietful winning and dyspeptic eructation Figuies ali cady publish« d \- as compiled by the Government Statistician - incontrovertibly pro\ e, to use his own words, "tint upon the whole the seasonal influence has favoured all crops with the exu ption of apples, hops, and peat»," and that also "owing to the hugel aiea unJei tillage and improved yield the gtain crops, as a whole (2,456,23 5 bushels), art 23 77 Eer cent above the produce of 189J 91 " larger tillage and improv ed yield indi cate cause and edict Our funnels an putting more heart into their v. oik, ind Eiobubly also ato doing such woik etter The tendency to slipshod farming, the uieio scratching of the surface on the off eh ince of seed slovenly scattered producing a payable , yield, is fust vaiiibhing before caieful system and the wise blending of theoretical and piactical knowledge Tlie Council of Agriculture lias done much to furthei thib bettei oider of tlungb and Tasmanian fat met s aie indi vidually becoming wisct men m their genetation than wore their progenitors ''OUR Bo\s" in England aie once more achieving turnouts in the cricket field Two undoubted \ictones have fallen to their prowess, the temporary eclipse, of which the test match w as the dnicest houi, having lifted, leaving them still very much in the ascendancy BO far us the general results of the tour aie concerned Nine matches won out of thirteen played, and standing well in the one now in pi ogress, is a M cord of which no travelling combination, play mg against such picked teams as the Australians do, need be ashamed, and the public of England, ever quick to recognise merit, aro evidently respond ing by large attendances whenever the climatic conditions allow them to do so Trott seems to be manipulating his forces well There has so far not been a whisper of favouritism shown eithet to individuals, or to particular colonies, and when one considers how rife such allusions bave been about previous tours, even in their early stageB, and the detrimental effect such partiality has had on the good-fellowship of the team,- the change in this respect is really something to be glad to note. The confidence placed in Trott has been well justified by events, and his able generalship has no doubt contributed in no small degree to the grand average of ability which the men as a body manage to keep up so well. The Tas- manian representative is clearly doing his share of the work, and though not free from his share, also, of temporary collapse of last week, the missing of Abel, after which that batsman put together such a total of runs, being the worst perhaps of the weaknesses he has been guilty of, his general assistance more than compensates for such a single though expensive slip._ Those wno cavilled at Eady's inclusion in the team have probably by this time, however, become reconciled to seeing his name in the list. The stand he made with Gregory in the match now in progress, and the useful 33 which he compiled under conditions of weather which made anything like tall scoring improbable, must have conduced nota little to the coti-pleteness of the in- nings. McKibbin is also doing better than at first, while Giffen, who is pro- bably still unwell, is the present laggard. This time Pougher - the dreaded Pougher-has not proved so deadly, and the Australian batsmen have shown that they know how to deal with him as well as England's other great( trundlers. Next week "Our Boys '' play a match against Hampshire at Southampton, followed by a meeting with a team of professionals at Ley lou ; then Leicestershire at the county town, when Pougher will bo very much, ou his mettlo, following which comes the second " test " match against AU England, at Manchester, which every- one at this end of the world will wisb to seo the Australians show well in, even if they should not eventually win the rubber. CHURCH SKRVIOKS. - Notifications of ohuroh services to lie held tu-inorow appiur in eucond column of tourth (.ago. Ouït Si'PiWMENT to this day's hume con- tains-A Modern Myth, Hobart Manna Boaid, Supreme Court, The Quien'» domain Drives, Wom.au SufTruge, I he l/uiversity, Miuing, Another Tempemuce Orguuuatiou, Reciprocity, i apt.iu Miha' Sw asea Address, Oar Melbourne Letter, The All reuud Tax on Wodth, A Bdloon to the Pole, Jap» 'a Naval Programme, The Tick Plague, Mark lwain Interviewed, Dramatic Notes, und Adveruaenieiite Tins Wiihks TASMAMAN MAIL-Beside» the speaial pictures and other matter cou ooruiug the Victorian football team, the Australian crick« ting eleven, and other sporting events contain ii in this week . edition of The Tasmanian Mail, there are epeciul articles and reports LOI oerniug the approaching session of Parliament which it will be well for [jolitiLiaiih to read Society doings contain, au ongst otbor items, an account of Mist, Joubirt's wedding in Laun- ceston lnst week, while tho fiaiiou is of an intoronting chirao er, for adults a« well aa> children and the mining, commercial ami shipping summaries are oompil d with the ouatomaiy car« The mon h'a advice te also comprehensivo, not only in respect to fashions for ladies, but wit i referenoe to farm, garden orohard, and greenhouse culti- vation of all doacriptioni TIIK QufcKNSiAND Ties -A proclamation will be issued t day prohibiting the im- portation of bono?, oittlt or hidea from Queonslund and Now South Wale!, to> prêtent the iiitio.iuouen into this colony of the Queensland tick Mou T LYWL WORKMKN -"One of the Relief i'oikrs kinds U3 a letter profeating to con net our acocuni of the action of the relief Harkers, pul lished on Thursday. He says that the inou would not sign became they heard that there waa a strike at Mount Lyel', und this ia precisely what we said. MILITARY -lhe Premier has received intimutiou fron the Imperial authorities that 1 lout T ii Parker, of the T<amauian Defence Force, uni son i f Captain Pal ker, B N , the laemauun Acting Commandant, ha« parsed the Army Literary Examination for ino Importai service SOCIAL ÈVKNINO -The aooial given ly Bishop Montgomeiy to the member» of the Cathedral choir at Bishops court proved the enjoyable evening anticipated Dr Mont gonicrya hospitality has beoome to well known that it u ncudl ia to enlame on tin» kindly action, und it will suffice to »ay that the uhulr wera un ter mint d right royally. Vhu first part of the evening wai. devoted to an inspection of tho many valuable curio» and work» of art p »ceased by the Bishop, whilat in tho sonond portion a number of musical item» vrero randercd Supper wa» laid out in the large dining room The I choristers were uiiaaunouB in their exerça sion of i.ppr val, and oon.Jdor that this not I of thoughtfulness on the part of their host will do much towaida oemcuting the good feoling already exisii g between the bead of the Church and the choir; SOCIAL AT KII>QSTON -On Wedneaday lait a social, unanimously voted the mont enjuyabln ever held in Kingston, took place in the Beaoh hall The Rev W. Hopciaft presided The room had boen arranged drawing room fashion, and the various little tea Holes, were under the eui orviai n of Mei dames Hopcroft, Gems J oliffe, Lues«, and Smith, the Miase« Lucas, Shoobridge, and riuroy, assisted by other competent höhere Mr Hoperuft, in opening the pro ccedings, explained that this wau not a money making object, but as it waa dosirablc for the Church to enter into the recrLatious and amusements of her people, this socul war orgauised Bimply with a view to bring ng them together for a pie Hunt hour or two An excellent programme of musioal number» and recitations wini gone through, those contributing being MeBdames Montgomery, Lovett, Hoi craft, MiaseB Jollffo and Lucas ; Rev VV Hopcruft, Mr Allanby, and Master and Miss Giblin Refreshments wore served by the ladies, and all present immensely enjoyed the evening r,RKSiiMAîio>, -At the Bellerive band and gymnasium club room on Ihuraday uigbt last, Constable A 11 Ward waa the recipient of an illuminated address and * tia and coffee service a» a mark of respect and esteem in which he was held while dis- charging his duties as a police officer, and for tlio acuvo m tu eat hu took in furtner ing the in toi este of the Bol len ve band, gymnasium, and junior enckut clubs The President C»pt J fe Tay loi, in making the presentation, oxpr seed lue pleasure ia binding Mr Wurd the address, which re grotted the severance of his conneotion with the athletic clubs, and Bpoke in high terms of his work for the welfare of the community. Mr G W Alhvnght spoke of Constable Ward's ofbcul worth, and heartily thanked him for tho lively interest ho had alwuv« taken in the band and other luoal insutu tiona On brhalf of the Gymnasium and Junior Cricket C ub Messrs H Faty au«! P Townly also oxpre seed thanks, and Cou stable Ward suitably leplied The meeting, which was largely attended, closed by the singing of " Hi. s a jolly good fellow," aocoinpanied by Mr Tennyson Bates on the coruet WoithiNGMEN s CI DB - There is now on viow at Mr A P Mill r 1 the trophies to be given aa pri/cs in the billiurd touruanieuc now being ho d The first prize in the nrst class division is a handsome silver cup, pre seated hythe president (Vlr S Bonjamin) The hird pn?c, a hilliard cue, presented by Alcock k Co , who also givo a cue as Brut pri7o m the second division I HE GHOST-YooteidAy evening con- siderable excitemouc wau caused in the Postal Telegraph Department by one of the stalf rushing in auu announcing that the ghost hid been capiuiod at Sandy Bay A few miuutea later uno of the messengers appeared on tho aceuu and very excite Hy j, ive the information is authentic, hut tho rumour proved to be unf unded The other cveuing a policeu an on duty In Davey street was somewhat startled by seeing what he took to b the L,IH r m "st David s burial ¡.round leaning ugninsc the fence Being some distante away from the unwelcome visitor he stopped thinking of what he should do He was alono, and naturally felt a bit nervous However, ho decided to " face the inusio," and draw ing his staff saun toi ed along, bracing himself up with the thought that he was there te proteoi hie and property The night was dark, and in the distance he could seo the " white monster," with pieicing eyes, staring fiiedly at him Still ho went on, but wiBhiog all the time that someone else was in his shoes On getting pretty close to what ho took to be the meet mt at moonlight alone visitor he allied him a question, hut, gottlug no repl , he made a torrifio hit with his staff, but the animal (for, sure enough, it was a billy goat) dodged, and wa« soon out of reaob It ha i been standing on a tombstone, with it» two fore legs resting on the fence The policeman Suffered a good deal from mingled ftelii g» after this adventure, bus wa» consoled with the proud »atisfaotion of having done hi» duty. SUCCESSFUL TBEATMKNT OK DEFECTIVE. VISION.-Mr. CLEWKB (representing Carier and Werner, Oouliate Opticians, of Bal- larat) has afforded immense relief and satis- faction to a large number of fellow-uolouiate. wboae sight« were defective from uatural and various other causea. Poaaeaaing, as he does, a perfect knowledgu of the acienue, and the beet and moat modern aclentifio instruments and appliances, specially im- ported from Germany, for aight- teating aod examination of the eye, he can correct any aimple or complicated error of vision to whioh that dehoate organ ii subject. Mr. Clewer ia abo highly fortunate i» receiving the support and recommendation of the medioal profeasion throughout the island, which fact alone guárantela his bona fides. A record of all orders Bupplieel haa been kept, which enables petrona to obtain at any future time repetitious or repair« without the inconvonieiioo of further p r .onal attendance. Attention is drawn to a gratifying testimonial,appuaiiuK in another column, from Mr. C. K. Haywood, son of the woll-knowu oaterer of this oity. It may ulao bo mentioned that Mr. WEHNER will vhortly ro-vii-it Hobart for the fifth time. UNAVOIDABLE POSTPONEMENT.-We have been requested to mako known that Mesura. Ureonfioid & itarraclough will not open tbuir aiftht-tostiug rooms till MONDAY NEXT, tim professional representative of the firm not having arrivod, due to an exceedingly lons passage being made by the boat in which the gentleman is coming. WEBE WE TO SAY that the IXL Jams are the finest production iu the world there would, we feel sure, be some sceptics who would not anare toe aame opinion. Admit tidly a Mg DOM*, bat, iiewtrUieleea. tena, ^HK ATTOIÍKKY.OENKUALOH FEOEBATION. _Aa soon aa Parliamentary businoos will -permit, the Attorney-General (Uon. A. I. .Clark) intend« to deliver lectures on Kcdeia tion at Soottud.ile and Derby. Mr. W. J. Mo Williams, M.H.A. for Bin^aroomi, .acoompanies the Attoni*y-Grnor.il. POLITICAL AND SOCIAL ASPEO».-On -June 29 the Hon. N. J. Brown deliv-red an addie«* to the Bellerive Literary nnd Debat- ing Society on " Some Asptota ol Politio.il and Social life in Australia." The address .deals bil fly with what may bo said to be a very lurg» nubjuut, but it contains u great deal -I cxu- llent advice. Mr. lirown re- minds hiB hearers that they own their freedom and I rec institution« to the men and women who worked for them in Eng- land maoy yoora ago, a laot which young colonials ure »pt to forgot. The lectuier dealt with the foolish atteinpW tu luteiiore with Male Rights of Mr. Kingston und oth' ra, «nd (¡bowed how dell intentai tiley must be to the cause of R deration. Hut, per- haps, the s.roog point of the adrtrui-s w.,s tho n fereuoo to the foolishness of keeping up party names in UICMJ coionio!, aa tuero are no such persons »i ouimervativcs here. Mr. Brown bees only a Liberal Party nud a " Wrecker " Party, the litter being use'd by political tricksters to serve their own oudi. Some ploin truths abour, Woman Suffrage brought the lecture to a close, It «ill be debated ,011 Monday nex>, and Mr, Brown baa, certjinly. givt'ii abundant food (or thought. He hua 'aid sundry thina.« which requit to be said and repeated, und has -thui dono a service «lil.0 lo his hearers jtnd ni» readers. Some »lu-o plain speaking, honest upeaking, like- tills would much im- prove our politiza! Ufo. COURT OK PETTY SESSIONS -A Court of Petty S ssions for tho purpose of healing and determining appeals »gainst the ansesx ment roll under the Town Boaids' Act ot New Town was held yesterday, before the Po'ioo Magistrate (Mr. B, Snavv) and Colonel Wai ner, ./. P. There wore only two app als, one ul which wau grunted, and the othei diauiiisstii. DRITlNti IN Tile DOMAIN.-The police are deterniined ihifc in futuiu the regulation» .pertaining to driving i.t the Domain shall noa'rictly enforced, and that all ofTendein shall be proceeded against &'? the Police Court. Sovorul pcoplo have buen wai ned lately, but breaahes of tho law are still f<<< .qucnt. Yeaitrduy two person» wore fined at the Police Court, but us it was thought that the ohje-nt of the prosecution would be ob' tained by inflicting « nominal penalty, Sub Inspector Cuok d.d nos press the ohargo, otherwise the defendants would not have boen let off an leniently as they were. THE " PEOPLE'S FRIEND."-Tho July number of this publiaatiou his been issued. It ia, a' usual, replete with argument against the use of alcohol in any form. The proceedings at meetings of the various temperance aest oiatl na are du/y reported. BLIND -OCUTY. -The usual monthly meeting was hold yesterday afternoon. Present :-Mesdames Rumney, Soott, Robb, Dulzón, Kerr, Jarvis, Brown; Aldermen Seabrook (chairman), Bradley, and Hiddle atone, and the Iion.aat-istantiStcrctaiy. Mr U. Scown (teacher) reported as follows: - " Our work during the past month has been going on steadily, nothing nf special importance having transpired. I have < ob- tained some large orders for h littra, and httvo taught a young >n<in to maku them in Hcbart, which he is doing very well. Tues» Are ihe fiiet mado here, IIB up to the pre- sent i uave liad them made up North er tu the country districts. Our trade in mata ha« increuscd lately ; orders are coming in moro Creely, and our work ia giving general satisfaction. I have one new pupil, 1» young lady at New Norfolk, IS years of age. I have received railway pass from the Go- vernment for thi« quarter. Du ing the ?month I have visited Laune.eton, Longford, Latrobe, Ulverstone, Clevelind, and New Norfolk. Visit» paid amongst the blind Hobart, 55 ; Launceston, 27. Booka circu- lated, 43" The Chairman lepor.ed, with reference to the institution, that the plan« had been prepared, und Aldetmon Bradley aud Seabrook were requested to interview tho Minister of Landa with regard to placing the nain required tu carry out the work on the Kstimates for the ensuing session. THE BKAILI.F. ¡.OMETY.-At tho meeting of tho Executive 1 ommittce of the Blind Society yesterday tho hon. sooretary to'the Ladies' Committee reponed having received offer« from ladies to emboss bjoks in the Braille type for the blind to read. This is a form ol work which will be extremely help- ful to the society in replenishiug ihe library, and it can bj performed at home without any outlay to the uninusuer, and the lubuur entitled in learning to write ia very slight indeed. An advertisement appears in this issue givine further particulars, and the committee will boglad of a hearty response. TRINITY CIIOIK CONCERT.-The first con oert of the present season, under the auspice« of Holy Trinity choir, is aunounoeu for Munday evening next. The ohoir will bo assisted by Mrs. Benson, Misa Hudspetb, and Miss Ida MorriB, anil a special feature will be the appearance of Mr. C. E. Andrews, a oomedian, well known in the North, and who is now resident in the city. ASSISTANCE roB THE POOH OF HOBART. Attention is again called to the announce- ment of a concert to bo given in the Town hall on Wednesday evening next for the purpose of raising funda to purchase blankets, clothing, and boots and shoes for the poor The prevailing distress, which is so pressing on a larger number of perron«, in the community, appeils for immediate as- sistance, A fund has alre»dy been started outsidejtbe effort« to bo made by the concert, which is daily being inoronsed. A number of ladies and gontlemon will lender musical assistance. Mr. Chas. E. Astley, a violinist highly spoken of, who is at present in Hobart, has been induced by Mr. A. J. Mills, the oity organisi, to give ins assistance for so laudable an object. This, along with the first- clans local talent already mentioned, should Bccure a large attendance. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC ENTERTAIN- MENT.-At the lemprrance-hall on Tuesday evening next, under tho patronage of Lord aud Lady Gormanston, a musical aud dramatic entertainment of a high-class character will be cmducted by Mine. Cecilia Sammerhayrs Tlie proceeds will be. de- voted to aiding the village settlement fund. THE TfeciiNiOAL SCHOOL.-lu connection with this suhuol, the second half of tho second term will commence on Monday next. Students will be admitted to all olaasos on -payment of half leo. The leoturo on Mon- day eveniug will bu on " Shorthand." BiJOC DRAMATIC CLUB.-A successful entertainment by this olub was given at Battery Point last evening. There was u argo attendance. DERWENT VALLEY TRIPS.-To-morrow afternoon at 2.20 a special train will leave Hobart on a trip up the Derwent Valley as <iar as Glenora and back. The usual aheap day trip iares will be oharged Similar fares will be »harped by the 1.10 p.m. train from Hobart on Wednesday next. H011ART MUTUAL BDILDINO SOCIETY. .The annual meeting of this auoiety will be .held on the evening of the 13th inBt. STILL A SUCCESS.-Mr. W. M. WILLIAMS '.has once again tha honour of being .the most successful distributor of Sott Goods in this city. Since the day he took Hobart by storm with his BED 'LETTER BAL3, his store in Liverpool-street has been crowded with eager buyers from the time of opening to that of closing. It ia the most unreserved aalo he has ever had, which moans that every article in stock has been marked down to a very laree order ,in the buyer's favour. All the valuable com- modities contained in bia warehouse-from Bilka and Dresses to Calico and Flannelettes, from Mantles and Jackets to Millinery and Lace«, from Ribbon and Underclothing to Gents.'Mercery and Hosiery, from Blankets »nd Sheetings to Trimmings and Gloves-all have been gone through bv Mr. Williams, and marked at auch prices aa will reduce the stock to the smallest possible limit Our readers are requested to send a post card far Í» 20-page catalogue giving liât of prices, etc WORTH KNOWING.-That it-yon trust .your valuable watch to an unskilful watch- maker for repair, you moat expect that it will be in some way damaged. It does not .require any skill to clean a watch, but to make ita performance aa a timekeeper reliable and of value to Ita owner, it requires -the most délicat« and skilful manipulation. A. Butterfield'« custom ia to do the work .thoroughly, and charge aa low as possible. It ia an accepted fact that «camped repair* «re the worst investment that can be made. Every repair is guaranteed for 12 months. .One trial la sufficient A. BUTTERFIELL, Oculista Optician, Watchmaker and Jeweller, ,aW, ElUabetb-street, Hobart, As THIS is the hut day of the week we must not forget to replenish our Larder, and «hove all things, for goodness' aake don't let -tis forget our IXL Jams. 130, Elizabeth-street, Hobart, Juno 17, 1806. DEAR SIR, I cannot apeak too highly of the Astig- matic Spectacles you supplied me with in .August lost. Tbey are simply perfect, Yours, etc, (Signed) O. R. HAS WOOD. .To Mr. W, J. Clewer, Chomiat, 03, Klizabeth-itreet. "."DEFECTIVE SIGHT PROPERLY , AlAJUSTBR 