THE HAERIS-STREET TRAM, I (to the. editor of the ' Sunday times.') Sir,- — As I ventured to predict some time ago, writing upon the above subject, that while the Public Works Committee would be pretty unanimous on the necessity of the proposed electric tramway from Circular Quay to the Railway Station, via George-street, when it came to swallowing the Harris-street proposal there might bo expected some objection, and so we find that the lattor part of the scheme was only carried by tho bare majority of one vote. It is Bomewhat satisfactory to know that the decision is not final, and the matter will be shortly submitted to our legislators, from whom no doubt it will receive the atten tion it deserves. The first part of the proposal, the George street line, I am thoroughly in accord with, as I think the majority of people who have givon tho project auy consideration are; but when it comes to extending a costly tramline along Harris-street just for the sake of carry ing out some pet experiment of the Railway Commissioners, I am just as firmly opposed to it. In George-street and Harris-street the cases are entirely different, the necessity of a tram along the narrow thoroughfare of our city, being a want of many years, and one that can be supplied, giving a reasonable assurance of a handsorao profit on the money expended. On the other hand, the Harris street lino has never been asked for by the residents of Pyrmont and Ultimo, the idea being laughed at by most of them, and anyone who ha3 noticed the poor patronago bestowed on the fow 'buses that ply along Harris-street need not be re minded that there is not a ghost of a show of the line paying. Why, even if tbe tram were assured of all the traffic now secured by the 'buses (and there is very little hope of that, as the commissioners well know what tho com petition of the S.T. and O. Co. means) it would not be made to pay. I ask tbe co operation of tho Sunday Times to fairly place this preposterous proposal before the guardians of the publio purses, who, I hope, will not permit such a wicked waste of money as to sanction the Harris-street tram. — I am, &o.;, D. White. 