Laying a Ghost. For some time post persona who . attend evening service at the lioman Catholio Church, Junee, have been startled by seeing a weird and uncanny apparition which nightly took tip a position in a meditative attitude at the foot of the hill (reports the Junee Democrat): Descriptive acoounts of its appear ance varied considerably. Some were positive it resembled1 an old hairy man- with a long and silvery beard and a countenance whioh bore that mild and' benevolent aspect 'peouliar to the man who combines the duties of a ohuroh elder with' the director ship of a bogus bank, while the des oriptione of others left the impression that it was something whioh was a oross between a bunyip and a load of wood. - One individual who had re sided in a place named Kioma during ghost scarp, was certain it was a cele brated -statesman who was.enjoying a. holiday up at. Junee in. his usual sportive fashion, A plucky resident (may his shadow .never grow less) determined to aolve&he.; mystery or know the reason why. . 80 arming hlmaaU with a..breechloader and 21 rounds: of- .-ammunition, he, as the shades .of night, were felling fast, quietly wended his way .to the haunted . epo.t, and .there taking, up an entrenched poeition on hisptomaoU quietly waited. It rppidiy grew, dark, aud eUll he waited. -Presently ' It', appeared, the 1: only. -thing - he could, diqcern plainly .was two. large eyeflj.wh»oh glowed with-.unnatural brightness-. ,.ffpw at -the -supreme moment, our hpro's reeplntiop, never wavered in.the,least, but. with .un daunted. courage, and -.with a voice rendered . ebaky. with , emotion, he called put,.' In the; name.of. Queen Victoria and the EmpreOB of -.India, I,call on yon to ptand, or I'll firol'. It stood. Jif yom have-anything to saysppjke. Pnt P ;■ In the name of. St. Patrick, ;apliber r^u5 here,.the ap parition, deliberately, plceed one eye, but remained silent. 'I'll aek you three times to spake, and if you don't I'll igive yon'tbe contents of both bar |relsl-: 'OnejwiU yoh spake t Twice, | will youspakeV^Thlrd and last time, ;wlil you epaVeT Batigl bang"! and a wounded cow dashes madly towards !the die ta nt horlxon hellowin g mourn fully, ,' And' thus the Jknee ghost was'laid. . V. '' 