Comments from the City. Bx Calchas. Adelaide, December 22. Parliament ia over, but it could not die without having made sure that the ghost of the Hospital dispute would haunt it right through the session. When the Hospital Select Committee ceased to exist it ap peared as if the spectre was laid, but the Government, whether wisely or unwisely must be left to the decision of others, 'de termined that the Accused doctors should be given the right of reply, and so no doubt there will be letters in the papers for the rest of the recess. There were many eigns of delight over prorogation on Saturday. The 60. stalwart policemen looked quite happy at the prospect of arresting further political squabbling, and there were many other cheerful faces to be seen at Parliament House at 11 a.m. The Speaker, too, wore his collar and star of St. Michael and St. George, while the Premier was away fixing up the Bills for the signature of the Go vernor. 'Ihe Assembly met at 11 o'clock, and matters were progressing very peace fully, when suddenly a big debate sprang up on the presentation by the Treasurer, who was temporarily left in charge of a naner uivinir the answer nf Dro I.aith Napier and Ramsay Smith to the charges made against them. He moved that it be printed, and Mr. Bomburg, of ail men in the House, rose, to the surprise of everyone, and objected to this course as unfair to the other side, because there was no op portunity of cross-examination. Angry feelings were stirred up, especially on the part of Mr. Solomon and one or two gentle men of the Opposition party. Mr. Hom burg acknowledged that he could not com mend Dr. Campbell for bis action in giving nu uiucj. iv uui uuiuiu iu eiHiiuiifc) records at the Hospital, but he objected to the re plies of Drs. Napier and Smith being printed. Let them go before a proper tribunal he protested, with their vindi cation. ' Surely you'll let them reply to what has been said ?' remarked Mr. Holder. 'Certainly, but on the same terms ? ' ' You should be the last man to speak in this way,' Tnterjected the Treasurer, ' You were the first to mention it in this House.' Then facetious Mr. Brooker chipped in with, ' The first and the last.' ' What has the case I men tioned about the nurses to do with this?' Mr. Homburg asked, though he afterwards agreed that all the subsequent proceedings emanated from that. ' 1 appealed for fair play for the nurses,' he asserted, 'so that they might have a full inquiry.' ' You gave me a lively time on the Royal Com mission,' protested Mr. Gilbert, who evi vividly, and smarted under the recollection, Mr. Homburg expressed sorrow at the ordeal to which Mr. Gilbert had been sub jected, and he again demanded that cross examination should be allowed in the case of Drs. Napier and Smith, a request in which Mr. Solomon, Mr. Ash, and some others joined. Mr. Kingston fortunately was not in the Bouse except daring the last three or four minutes, or there would have been quite a row. Even as it was the Speaker had some difficulty in maintaining order, so that everybody was verj relieved when the messenger from the Governor came to stop the disturbance, and summon members to listen to the breaking-up speech. It is probable that this little episode on the closing day of Parliament will keep the wretched Hospital trouble going right through the Christmas holidays, and on into the recess, although it is to be hoped that the diversions everywhere entered iuto at this season of the year will have influence to distract attention and so cause its death. Dr. Morrison, one of the gentlemen en gaged in England to help in the Hospital work, arrived by the Oroya, to-night, and went straight to the scene of his duties The influence of this wretched Hospital is terribly far-reaching. Just at the present it is the cause of a dispute with the Bo tanical Gardens Board, because the Govern ment insist on opening a special entrance through the garden property into the Hos pital grounds, so that Drs. Napier and Smith may have ready access to the wards at all hours of the day and night. On the Bo tanical Gardens Board are such men as Sir Henry Ayers, the Chief Justice, and Mr. Barr Smith, and none of these are likely to submit to the snubbing which the Minister of Education ia helping the bumptious Owen Smyth to give them. Even Dr. Napier himself wants the gate in a position different to that chosen by the a 1 mighty Smyth, who seems to be ambitious of boss ing everyone he comes into contact. The Commissioner of Police very nearly had his career cut short by a bolting horse on Tuesday. There was, however, that miss which is as good as a mile, and beyond the cold shudder which passed through him as the auimal dashed by, CoJonei Mad lev did not feel any ill effects from his experience. That mine about which Sir Richard Baker and M?. Tucker are sauabblins is h the district of Onkaparicga, which will have a chance to vote for the former soon. The Old Exhibition Ground, Adelaide, which was to have been turned into an ex perimental orchard, was reoently let to a cycling firm as a place of instruction. Now it is leased to Fitggeralds* circus. The Government are too poor to give the money necessary to prepare and plant the en closure, and so it is turned again into a revenue producer. 