THE PRIMACY OF THE ROMAN PONTIFF. BY TELE MOST REV. DR. CARR, ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE. The Archbishop of Melbourne, in St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday evening last, delivered the third of a (series of lectures on the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff. The church, as in each previous instance, was densely crowded, and it was apparent that the congregation included many non-Catholics. His Graoe said:— Having examined the testimony of St. Clement and St. Irenseus in proof of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff, and having disposed of the difficulties raised in connection with their witness, I purpose to direct your attention this evening to the creative words of the Church's founder, which form the first link in the unbroken chain of evidence that indissolubly connects the Primacy of Peter with the Primacy of Leo the Thirteenth. I will not delay to notice any misunderstanding or misrepresentation of what I have already stated in intelligible language, and on undisputable authority. No criticism is worthy of consideration unless it be based on at least an average knowledge of the bearings of the subject, and evince, besides, a disposition to weigh the arguments dispassionately, have gone to the original sources, I have placed St. Clement and St. Irenseus in the witness box, not only for direct testimony, but, if I may reverently say eo, for crossexamination. . If, in addition, I have quoted modern authorities, it must not be forgotten that they were almost exclusively Protestant, and that their witness was not merely personal, but was founded on the unanimous belief of the primitive Church. Nothing can more clearly establish the strength of the Catholic position than the fact that we can summon a multitude of adverse witnesses, whilst on the other side not a single Catholic authority can be quoted. To appreciate the import of this Protestant testimony in favour of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff we must always bear in mind that this Primacy is the cardinal point of modern controversy, and that around it have accumulated the prejudices of more than three centuries. To what an extent such an accumulation interferes with a calm consideration of the question we may learn from a distinguished convert, who has made the Roman Primacy, both before and after his conversion, the special object of his studies. He thus explains how it was that he himself had been unable to see. for a considerable time the convincing force of the Scripture argument in its favour:— " In point of fact," he says, " a modern contradictory tradition, inculcating as a first principle of belief that the Primacy of St. Peter, as continued in the Pope) jhrjstianity, had then Wind, as it has pi mati$ ^Jgfisstant minds at MffiKented taiy-even studying Iniif |tf$y Writ with regard ilar' subject; ' /Such a tradition wcuucii ^firapkble of exercising it may desire to do so. ThougliiProtestants profess to go to the Bible alone, probably not one Protestant in a million has ever attempted to judge dispassionately of what is said in Scripture to Peter and to (he other Apostles as to their power of governing the Church. It was already, a ruled point in their minds."* With this statement before us we can easily understand how it is that the strength and clearness of the proofs derived from Scripture in favour of the Primacy fail to convince or even to .touch so many Protestant minds. Still the proof, if impartially considered, is, iq! its cumulative force, most convincing. Before proceeding to analyse the various texts on which this proof rests, .let me premise what will be generally admitted, namely, that Christ our Lord came on earth for two great but distinct pur poses. The first was to redeem the world, by offering to the Eternal Father abundant and superabundant satisfaction for tho sins of men, thus repairing the dishonour which sin had offered to God. The second was to re-open for man the gates of heaven by providing him with insane of sanctification and reconciliation. To dispense these means of sanctification, to preserve the deposit of faith, and guide m6n by salutary laws, He established His Church-on earth. That Cburch is exhibited in the New Testament as the special objeot Chrifct'fl predileotion. It was to last as long as the world itself shall last. ^Behold I am with you all days, even to .the consummation of the world." In its extension it was to embrace all nations. " Going teach all nations." It was to be a visible body seated like a city on the mountain top. It was to be a kingdom governed by a constitution and by rules given and provided by Christ Himself. But the mark or note of His Churoh on which Christ specially dwelt was its unity. For that nnity He prayed long and earnestly in the solemn and efficacious prayer He poured forth immediately before His passion bad begun. In it there was to be, as the apostle says, " one body in one spirit, one Lord, one faith, one baptism." It was to be a reflection of the union between the Eternal Father and his well beloved Son. It was, by this gift of union, to be a perpetual proof of the divine mission of its Founder. " That they all may be one, as thou, Father, in me, and I in thee, That they also may be one in us ; that the world may believe that thou hast Bent me." Joan xvii.,21. It was to be " the Kingdom of God on earth, " the Kingdom of Heaven," " the house of God," " the pillar and ground of truth." It was to be tbe " sheepfold," for He was the Shepherd who gave His life for His sheep; nay, it was to be His sponBB, and His love for the Church was to be the model of purest marital love. All this was Christ to His Church while He lived on earth, the visible King, Lord, Shepherd, Master, Father, Spouse, and Head. But He also promised that His care of the Church would never cease till the consummation of ail things. He would be no longer visible on earth, but He would make provision for those who were to represent Him, and govern the Churoh visibly in His name. Accordingly we find Him during the coarse of His publio ministry making fullest provision for the future government of His Church. To this end he choose from amongst the disciples His twelve Apostles. " And going up into a mountain He called unto Him whom He would Himself; and they came to Him, and He made that twelve should be with Him, and that He might send them to preach." One of these twelve was already marked out by Christ for singular distinction. Amongst the first aots of onr Lord's ministry after His baptism by John was to do in regard to one of the future Apostles, that which in Scripture is full of significance—namely, formally to change his name. When Simon was introduced by hiB brother Andrew to " the 1 Lamb of God," Jesus looking on him said: "Thon art Simon the son of Jonas; thou shalt be called Cephas, which is interpreted Peter, or Bock." God had of old changed the names of tnose who were to do a speoial work, or to bear a representative character in tbe dispensation to whioh they belonged; thus He changed the name of Abram to Abraham. We find in Scripture three classes of names conferred on men. The first may be called commemorative, because they recorded some remarkable fact connected with tbe bearer of the new name. Thus Isaac was so called from the laughter of his father and mother; so, too, Manasseh, meaning " God hath made me to forget my labours." The second class may be termed significative, as intended to distinguish their bearers by some special quality which appertained to them. Thus Jacob was so called from being the supplanter; Moses from being taken or saved. The third class are prophetic, and, therefore, con- ferred by God, to whom alone the future is known. Such are those which point out the office destined for their bearers. Thus Abraham received his name because God had made him " the father of many nations," and Christ changed Simon's name to Peter, because he was to be the Rock on which Christ's Churoh was to be built. In ease of Peter it is significant that the name given to him was one by which Christ Himself was known in prophecy, and in its fulfilment. He was the " stone in the foundation of Sion," tried stone," "a preoious stone founded on the foundation," the stone " which the builders rejected," whioh " ie become the head of the corner," "a corner stone," in whom, says St. Paul, " all tbe building, being framed together, groweth up into a holy temple in the Lord," finally " the Book "—and "the Rook was Christ." It is very significant, therefore, that by this ohange of name Christ thus early in His public ministry marks out Peter specially for a participation in His own name and office. . As far back as the . fifth century St, Leo brings out with mu^h force and beauty of expression the relation, established between Christ and Peter by this, ohange of name. "While I am the inviolable Rock," he represents our Lord as saying, " the Corner-stone, whomakes both one, thefoundaiion beside whioh no one can lay another, yet thbu also arc the i^kybi&cWtee; bytbyVirtto, ttaoualij rtMjTifliWa «e as ft wyby b T tion the properties which are peculiar to * * The promised change of name was Actually made in the second year of our Lord's ministry when He selected the twelve Apostles from the rest of His disciples. Then, as St. Mark tells us, «' to Simon He gave the name of Peter," or Rock. From this time forward Peter is always named first in the enumeration of the Apostles. No fixed order is observed in regard to the other Apostles, but St. Peter is ever afterwards, in the Gospels, consistently and always the first. When the Evangelists refer to the whole Apostolic College, they often do so by naming Peter only, and speaking of the others as " having been ; with him," a marked distinction which is ' given to no other Apostle. Recognising his pre-eminence, the angel at the sepulchre, on the first Easter Sunday morning, said to the women, " Go your way, tell his disciples and Peter." But it is when we come to the third year of our Lord's public ministry that we find the full meaning of the change of Simon's name to Peter, or Rock, and recognise the efficacious provision which Christ made for the unity, visibility, catholicity, and indefectibility of His Church. Before conferring great and extraordinary favours our Lord was wont to prepare the minds of His hearers, by a special promkS^tte^Otpre. gift. The institution Blessed Eucharist/as y?efi as the senai&fe;" .of the ,tp ^he~ Jiiind at 'Xhii Uj ' and of /the/other erved e made, to all the Apostles in~common, some to St. Peter alone. It will be useful to distinguish these promises, and again to distinguish the promises in each case, from their fulfilment. To do so more clearly let us follow the convenient arrangement of bringing together in parallel columns the promises made to Peter, separately, and those made to all tbe Apostles in common, including Peter. To PETER ALONE. ~ 1\. "I say to thee, that tliou art Peter, and upon this Rook 1 will build My Churoh." 2\. "And the gates of hell shall not prevail aguinst it." 3\. "And I will give to thee the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven." 4\. "And whatsoever thou shalt bind ou caith it shall be bound also in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed also in Iieaveu."—Slatt. xvi., 18- 19. " Verily I say unto yon, whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven."—Matt, xviii., 18. : The use of the parallel columns brings out the fact clearly that four promises are here made to Peter, the fourth, only, of which was afterwards made to the Apostles conjointly with Peter. This fourth promise was subsequently fulfilled in favour of all the Apostles when, Peter being present, Christ appeared to them after His Resurrection and said to them, " Peace be unto you: as My Father hath sent Me, even so I send you. And when He had said this, He breathed on them, and saith unto them: Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained." Besides this power over the mystical body of Christ, ail the Apostles in common received at the last supper power to consecrate and offer the Blessed Eucharist. " This do in commemoration of me "—or power over the natural Body of Christ. These two powers made up their Priesthood. In addition they all received power to baptise, to administer all the other Sacra ments, to teach, to secure obedience to their teaching, and to bind by laws, and inflict censures, "Whatsoever ye shall bind," etc., and to all was promised the presence and assistance of Christ is exercising their ministry; and these powers made up their Episcopate. The Apostolate, as distinguished from the Episcopate, included immediate institution by Christ,'' As My Father Bent Me I send you," etc,, universal mission, " go ye into all the world," and personal in fallibility. But, in addition to these, which Peter shared with the other 'Apostles, there was conferred on him tbe further prerogative of being (1) the Rock on which, after Christ, the Churoh waB to rest. " Thou art Peter, and on this Rock I will build my Church." (2) The strong defence of the Church, so that not evep I* the gates of hell should prevail against it." (3) The steward or guardian of Christ's Churoh, aid office of which tlie "'An[d given to alLthe Apostles, was specially empowered to " bind and to loose/' (5) The pastor of the whole flock, lambs and sheep. ' " Feed My lambs;" "Feed My sheep." (6) The confirmerof his brefttoen, so that Satan's as&WshWiia; .iniftfMMui^fcait m/m-*- - i' I "And the Lord said : Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fad not; and thou, being onoe converted, oonfim Thus we thy find b r that e ^ in r e addition r u ^ J to ^ the M powers which Peter received in common with the other Apostles, he received distinct and plenary prerogatives which we maintain go to make up hie Primaoy or Supremacy. The other Apostles were equal to him in regard to the powers of the Priesthood, and of the Episcopate, and of the Apostolate, but he was superior to them in the powers of the Primaoy. For he received all the powers they reoeived, and • more in addition. His powers Were to be exercised by one—their powers by many. His powers included theirs — theirs did not include his. He was the 1 Head—they were a part of the body, By the employment of parallel ooltunns we have been able to indioate more clearly the promisee made to Peter, exclusively, on tbe one hand; and, on the other, those made to all thB ApoBtles, including Peter. A similar arrangement of texts will show at a glance the powers granted to Peter singly, and those granted to the Apostles and him collectively. To ALL THE APOSTLES, To PETER ALONE. INCLUDING PETER. 1\. •' This do in remembrance of me."—X. Cor. hold Satan hath desired 1\. " Simon, 8Imon, be- xi„ 24. to have you that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail thee not; and thou, being onoe converted, confirm thy 2\. "Whosesoever sins brethren.—Luke xxii. ye forgive they are forgiven unto them, and lovest thou me more than 2\. " Simon, son of John, whosesoever tint ye retain these? He saith to him : they are retained."—John Yea, Lord, thou knowest xx., S3. that I love thee. He said to him: Feed my'lambs. He saith to him again : Simon, soil of John, lovest thou me? He saith to him: Yea, Lord, thou 3\. "Teaoh e all knowest that I lore thee nations." ^llatt. xxviii., Heasith to him:, Fted 19. my lambs. He said to Baptizing them in him the third time: the name of the Father, Simou, son of John, lovest and of the Son, and of thou me ? Peter was the Holv Ghost."—Matt, grieved, becanse he had xxviii., i«. said to him the third 6\. "Lo I am with you time, lovest thou me ? all days, even to the consummation of the world." Lord, thou knowest all And he said to him: —Matt, xxviii., 20. things, thou knowest that As the Father hath I love thee. He said to sent me, I also send you." him: Feed my sheep."— —John xx., 11. John xxi. The whole question then resolves itself into this—Did our Blessed Lord, in dealing with the constitution and future government of His Chnrch, on the most solemn occasions, at different times, and in different places, using words of startling significance, mean anything at all-by these magnificent promises/and various powers, of which Peter alone was the recipient? Or are these solemn and apparently creative words of His to be read only as an unmeaning enigma? Are we to suppose tbat He did not foresee that these words of His would prove fruitful source of error to His Churob, and a snare to innumerable souls, if He did not mean that they should be understood in their plain and obvious sense ? Would He have allowed His Churoh from the very beginning to entirely misunderstand tne form of government whioh He established, and the centre of unity which He founded, and the source of perpetuity which He provided? Let us lay aside all the subtleties of controversy and suppose - that we were present when Christ spoke these words to Peter, and that our minds were unbiassed by any pre-conceived opinions, is there any of us who, after hearing these magnificent promises and witnessing their fulfilment, would not look on Peter as the one amongst the Apostles wlio was to be the strong foundation, the great high steward, the chief shepherd, the invincible guardian of the Churoh after Christ's ascension into heaven? The exigencies of controversy have led many to attempt to obscure our Lord's clear and momentous words to Peter, but these words will ever remain proof against the violent and unnatural torsions to Whioh they have been subjected. Let us now examine, .in detail, the first text in which the promise of the Primaoy is made to Peter. " Thou art Peter (or Rook) and on this Rook I will build my Churoh and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it."* The first question to be decided is—Who or what was the rock on which Christ here promises to build His Church ? . We must remember that it was «ur Lord who had changed Simon's name to Peter or Rock, land that the reason of the change is at onceBUggestad. in this verse. Again, it is weU tpiknow; ithat in the language which our tipTd Bpoke. the same word precisely is used in both clauses of the sentence, tA; for.JPeter and for Book, eo that the sentenoe would run : " Thbu art K^a, i^V^ok, and oh this Eepha I "Will b'uU'd my Church."' identity jof.-terms recurs in the ByriJo, Arabio, and other Eastern languages, aa well as in tlie'I!renoh language, in which fcoth Peter and Book, i; For a long time Protestant writers, rather than admit the Catholic doctrine of the Primacy, maintained Mat the rook on whioh Christ, promised to build His Church was not Peter, hot either Christ Himself, or the .objective or subjective faith of Peter, or the body of the Apostles, or the whole body of the faithful. But the more impartial criticism of modern times has compelled Protestants to abandon their former forced and contradictory interpretations, and to admit that the Book on which Christ promised to build His Church !b no otner than Peter. If I quote the authority of Bloomfield, Marsh, Stanley, Meyer, Rosenmiiller, Gerard, Thompson, Salmon, Weiss, Alford, Hammond, Bengel, and Whitby it will be sufficient, and save me the trouble of giving the names and statements of less eminent modern scholars. Bishop Bloomfield (in a note on the text) alluding to the other interpretations considered and rejected by him, sayB:— " Others again—and, indeed, almost every modern expositor of note—refer it to Peter himself; and with reason." And again—" Indeed, the first interpretation certainly (referring Petra to Christ), and the second probably (referring to Peter's confession)—however plausible—seem to have been forced upon the passage for the purpose of avoiding the difficulty thought to arise from taking it in its obvious sense, which is: Thou art by name Bock (i.e., thy name means Bock), and suitable to that shall be thy work and office; for upon thee," etc. Dr. Marsh, Bishop of Peterborough, remarks:— "But though it was easy to confute the argument of the Bomish writers on this subject, both the Lutheran and Calvinist divineB, from the very commencement of the reformation, had recourse to the uncritical expedient of torturing the words of our Saviour to a meaning which they cannot convey. . . . And as the words of the Latin Vulgate Tu es Petrus, et super hane petrarn aedficabo eccksiam meant, were so interpreted by the Bomish writers, as if that Church were the only Church to which the words applied, the Lutheran and Calvinist divines saw nO other expedient of confuting their adversaries than by asserting that the latter part of the passage applied not to St. Peter at all." Further on he adds:— " It seems a desperate undertaking to prove that our Saviour alluded to any other person than to St. Peter; for the words of the passage can indicate no one else." ,! - Stanley (in his Sermons Wid Essays on the Apostolic Age, p. 118), writes:— "That it was in consequence of the confession (of Peter), and in reference to it, that the name was bestowed,' thus agreeing with the probable origin of the only other surname bestowed in like manner on any of the other Apostles (Luke ix., 54), there can be little doubt. But as the name Cephas has regard not merely to this particular act, but (John i., 42) to the general character, of which it was the expression, it seems certain, that the words themselves (epi taute t4 petra), though occasioned by the confession, refer to Peter himself." And, again, the Bean of Westminster, commenting on our Lord's words, writes:— " The Church . . . is represented as a house; not a temple so much as a beleaguered fortress, according to the figure" frequently used by the prophets immediately before the captivity. . • • It is of this fortress . . . that Peter is to be the foundation-rock. It was no longer to be reared on the literal rock of Zion, but on a living man. . . . And against this new theocracy . . . as to founded and supported . . . it is declared that the gates of the grave shall not prevail. . . . The promise is clear that, vehement- as may be the struggle for its very existence . . . which the . . . Church will have to maintain, yet such will be the strength of Peter that, through Christ's bleesing, it will survive the shock triumphantly." This is very valuable testimony, both because of its distinctness, and because nothing but the plainest meaning of the Scripture text' could induce a man .of Dean Stanley's Low Church views to support' the Petrine claims. Meyer is equally emphatic in his exposition of the text. He writes thus:— " Thou art Peter, petros, appellative: thou art a rock. The form petros is also used by classical authors, and that not only in the sense of stope . . . but also of rock. But tbe gospels knew, for the appellative, only the form jpetra, and the consequent flight difference of form was absent, opfy in theAramaio original, in which the tvords were both times read Kepb£ • And uppn this _ rock. The emphasis lies on this, pointing to Peter: on no .other than npoh this voek, i.e., upob this rock"nature whieh as tbe rock in'the parable (vii., 24-5), could ensure the existence bf the houee, the continuance aBd cobeaidD bf the new community. I mil build my -Church. The Primacy among the Apostles is here undoubtedly awarded to Peter. With this acoorda also his appearing first in the lists of the ApoBtles, and the actual superiority in which we find him throughout tbe New Testament in the circle of the Apostles."^ Rosenmiiller, the German rationalist commentator, is very explicit:—" The rock," he says, "is neither the confession of Peter, nor Christ, pointing out Himself by His finger, or by a shake of the head (which interpretation the context does not admit), but Peter himself. The Lord, speaking in Syriac, used no diversity of name, but in both places said Cephas, as the French word pierre is said both of a proper and appellative noun. He pointed out Peter, therefore, either by His' finger or nod; for the gesture suited His purpose to explain the reason of giving him this name. So it is said of Abraham: 1 Thy name shall be Abraham, because I have made thee father of many nations.' So Christ says: ' Thou art called by Me, Peter, because thou wilt be a rock.' And He promises that He will build His Church on Peter. Allusion is made to the custom prevailing in Palestine of building houses that are exposed to floods and whirlwinds on rocky soil, that they may be able to resist tbe violence of waters and winds (Matt. refore whosoever thinks of butt all, JoOjty'arouiiti grouWg^ the; the iA&i;&s; te >use should, above rock, or firm thing whence Geflww : Sin :tJ*fe&i; of Biblical i Critici§fi(jyi^*ing laifl it <Jowi» as a canon ; , v 1 (511) that and natural! sense is to y when it is j absolutely cont to something plainly taught in Scripture," goes on to j say that " the opposite way has been taken by all the sects," and then gives as an illustration the very text with which we are dealing. " Building on Peter is explained by some," he says, "as contrary to the faith that Christ is the only foundation (I. Cor. iii., 2), and as favouring tbe succession of Peter and his successors; but the connection shows that Peter is here plainly meant." Thompson, in his Monatessaron, having put aside two other interpretations, continues: " The third opinion is, that both the words petros and petra are ; here used as appellatives of the Apostle; and, consequently, Peter was the rock on ! which Christ said His Church should be built. . .' . There seems something forced in every other construction. Protestants have betrayed unnecessary fears, and have, therefore, used all the hard hood of lawless criticism in their attempts to reason away the Catholic interpretation."—Bait, edit., p. 124. Dr. Salmon, in bis work on " The Infallibility of the Church," acknowledges that "it seems to him the most obvious and natural way of understanding our Lord's words to take them as conferring a , personal honour in reward for that con-', fission. Thy name I have called Bock: and on thee and on this confession of thine I will found My Church " (p. 340). Puller, in his "Primitive Saints and the See of Rome," is constrained to admit that "this is decidedly the more common opinion and the oldest." I might quote to the same effect the authority of many more modern Protestant commentators, such as Kuinoel, Dad well, Michaelis, Parkhurst. Bengel, Whitby, Hammond, S. Clarke, and Fritzsche. The words of the last named are worth quoting for their very plainness and Catholic sense:—V Hand dubie hoo dicit Jesus: tu es Petrus et in hao rupe (quam Petri nomen portendit) extruam coetus mei adifieiwm (h.e. tu tam insignis eris doctor, ut mei coetus quasi columen futuras sis) cui destruendo ne fortissima quidem vis par est futura" etc. "Without doubt Jesus says this:—'Thou art Peter, and upon this. Rock (for Peter means rook) I will ereoli the edifice of My Church—that is, thon •halt be such an illustrious teacher that thou wilt become the pillar, as it were, of My Church, for the destruction of whjph not even the strongest power will pre/- vail.'" But I have given quite enough testimony to claim that the rock referred to in the 16th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel is not to be identified with Christ. I need not delay, then, in giving the practically unanimous tesjitnony of the early Fathers and the traditional teaching of the.Churcb, which identify Petros and petra, or Peter and the Rock, and teach that the Church was founded on him. Tertullian, amongst others, teaches this twice; Origin, four times; St.'Cyprian, ninetimes; St.Hilary,once; St.Ephraim, once; -St. Gregory, Nyssa, once; St. Gregory of Naheantium, three times; St. Basil, twice ; St. Paoian, once,; St. Epiphanios, twice; St. Ambrose,, four times;' St. Jerome, three times; _St. Ohrysostom, twice ;-6t. Augustine, twice; i St.* Maxitnoifrlrwfoe ; St; Cyril of Alfaandria.'onpei St.'Leo^gtotimBS.^ Nothing -shows the moral unanimity or all theiterly writers more clearly th«m;|l»; J KlitlacU—Eicgetiich?r Kownentar, 1, pp. 333-4. avidity with which Protestant controversialists seize on and distort any assage of the Fathers which seems to contravene the common and Catholio interpretation. But we must remember that the Fathers frequentlyintorpret particular texts of Scripture, not in their literal, but in a secondary or accommodated sense, and attribute to the meritorious cause what is literally true only of the formal cause. It is in this sense that St. Jerome says that it was the faith, not the body, of Peter that walked on the waters. Hence we may find in one part of their writings the primary, and in another part a secondary sense of the same text or texts. In this way we can easily reconcile the passages from St. Cyril, St Augustine, St. Jerome, St. Ambrose, and Origin which are usually relied on by our adversaries to minimise the force of the text of St. Matthew. These Fathers, in particular passages, interpret the rock of Christ as well they might, for Christ is, as St. Leo says, the primary and independent rock, while Peter is the secondary aud dependent rock. But if these Fathers did not believe that in its literal sense the petra or rock was identified with St. Peter, they never could have spoken of him as the rock-foundation of the Church, as they all and repeatedly dc. In truth, St. Augustine is, perhaps, the only one amongst the Fathers who appears in two passages to interpret, in a literal sense, the petra or rock of Christ. But against this we have the following facts:—1. That St. Augustine had previously interpreted the petra, or rock, literally of Peter. 2. That where he departs from the commonly received inter- pretation he gives not the traditional meaning of the text, but his own private interpretation. S. That later in life, in what is sometimes incorrectly referred to as his "Retractations," St. Augustine giveB expression to his doubts as to the correctness of his later opinion, and he leaves his readers to judge for themselves. " Harum autem duarum sententiarum quae Bit probabilior eligat lector "—that is, let the reader choose whichever of the wo opinions he reckons the more probable. 4\. That St. Augustine's private pinion on the literal meaning of the text f St. Matthew counts for very little, as he was ignorant of Hebrew or Syro Chaldaic, and, therefore, as such wellknown Protestant writers as Neander, Rosenmiiller, and Kuinoel admit, based his opinion on the distinction which appears in tbe Greek and Latin text between Petros, or Petrus, and petra. "Non |enim^' he writes, " dictum est illi, Tu es petra: sed, Tu es Petrus." (L. Retraot, C. 21, n. 1.) If he bad known the language in which Our Lord spoke, and St. Matthew wrote his Gospel, the difficulty would have at once been removed, for, as we have already observed, in the original the very same word, Eepha, is used both for Peter&nd; for Tock. " Thou art Kehpa, and on this Kepha I will build my Church." 5. That, as far as the dootrine of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff was concerned, it had not, as we shall see later on, any more loyal or consistent advocate than St. Augustine was. Thus there is an end to the difficulty arising out of St. Augustine's varying interpretation of th 6petra, or rock, whioh has been put forward with much elaboration in a recent work of an Anglican parson, whom his admirers and copyists delight to style " Father " Puller. I must ask yonr indulgence while I interrupt the course of the Argument to notice a much more frivolous objection recently raised for the purpose of blocking the Scriptural and Patristic proofs, the urgency of which the objector foresaw and feared. We are seriously told that Catholics are precluded from interpreting this text of St. Matthew in favour of the Roman Primaoy, on the ground that we have not the unanimous consent of the Fathers in favour of our interpretation, and that we are forbidden by the Council of Trent to interpret any text of Soripture " save in accordance with the unanimous consent of the Fathers." Then, with the confidence that accompanies superficial knowledge, the Vatican Council is set against the Council of Trent, as if they were, at variance one with the other. In this fancifal difficulty we can easily recognise the deoeptive diplomacy of our familiar friend, "the unanswered because unanswerable " Dr. Littledale, though, to do him justice, he does not stray so for from historical truth, at least in this instance, as some of his copyists do. i , Would it be too much to ask those who improve on Dr. Littledale to read the canons of the Council of Trent for themselves before they undertake to pronounce o dogmatically upon their meaning? It o (Happens that the Vatican Council , is .perfect accord with .the; Council^ of T^elti each prohibiting the interpretation of Scripture " contra uiMnimem 'corisenston PatYum." The Couneil of Trent (Sess. IV.) decrees '" that no one , . . , hall in matters of faith or tobralrV '. . are to interpret the Scored Scripture contrary to that sense- which Holy Mother Church . . . hath held and doth hold; or even contrary to the unanimous consent of the Fathers." The Vatican Council (Sess. III., Cap. 2) decreed in precisely the same terms:— " That is to be regarded as the true sense of Scripture which Holy Mother Church hath held and doth hold . . . and therefore it is not lawfal for anyone to interpret Sacred Scripture against this sense, or even against the unanimous consent of the Fathers." The Decree of the Council of Trent was directed against some men of restless disposition (petulantia ingenia), who held that it was lawful, in expounding Scripture, to propose a new interpretation at variance with tbe unanimous opinion of the Fathers, whenever such new interpretation seemed to agree with the text, and did not contradict any defined doctrine. Both Pallavicini and Sarpi state that this was the error condemned by the Council. Soon after the close of the Council, Pius IV., who himself had confirmed the decrees of the Council, and was not likely, therefore, to require anything inconsistent with their teaching, issued a form of Profession of Faith whioh was to be made by those entering on any ecclesiastical charge or obtaining anyacademic degree. In this creed the positive side of the Decree of tbe Council of Trent is enforced in thest words:—"Sacram Scripturam. . . . admitto nee earn unqnam nisi juxta unanimem consensual Patrum accipiam et interpretabor." I admit the Holy Scripture . . . nor will I ever understand or interpret it except according to the unanimous consent of the holy Fathers. But it is obvious that, before either the negative or the positive norma prescribed respectively by the Council of Trent, anc the Profession of Faith of Pius IV. is violated, a unanimous consent of the Fathers must be present. If this unanimous consent of the Fathers in the interpretation of Holy Scripture, and in any matter of faith or morals, be found to exist, then we must take their testimony, not as expressing individual opinions, but as reflecting the doctrine of the Church in the different times to which they belonged. And as the Church is infallible in her doctrine in every age, we are bound to follow the unanimous consent of the Fathers in which that doctrine is reflected. But if there be not a unanimous consent of the Fathers regarding a particular interpretation, and a particular point of faith or morals, then Catholics, as far as -the consent of tbe Fathers is concerned, Bre quite free to adopt such interpretation of any text of Scripture as may seem to them more probable. Thus Dr. Littledale's difficulty disappears immediately it is examined, and leaves us free to proceed with the further analysis of St. Matthew's text. I make no apology for having dwelt at such considerable length on this iirst erroneous interpretation which identifies the petra or rock with Christ instead c-f Peter, because its refutation practically disposes of the other unsound opinions which make the petra or rock refer to the faith of Peter, whether subjective or objective, or else to the body of the Apostles, or to the whole body of the faithful. These "forced" interpretations, as Bloomfield styles tbem, are now generally abandoned by Protestant writers who make any claim to exegetical scholarship, and are, moreover, clearly excluded by the structure of the text itself. For in the text the same word Eepha or Rock is not only applied in the same context, connected by the copulative conjunction " a/nd," to Peter and to the rock. particl^J times/ cons I the! the bind,- the refei Moreover, the same connecting pours not less than five' two verses under ihof iihese— this rock,—and 1 give to thee thou shalt Bhalt loose,— Peter, Agai: •pronoun *7m8 identifies :k with Peter, Christ does ] on art " Rock" and on a rock, or on some rock, but on this rook I will build my Church. This rock must refer to the only rock of which there was' question m the sentence, namely, Peter. Hence Meyer, amongst the moBt eminent New Testament scholars, writes:—The evasion often -taken advantage of in controversy with Rome^-viz., that the rock means not Peter wmself, but the 'firm faith, and tbe confession- of it on the part of the Apostle—is ineorireot, since the demonstrative expression *' ' on this rock 1 can only mean the Apofetle"- himself." Finally tbe following words:— And, I will give to thee the "keys', etc., show that P6ter mnat havelbeen pro: raised some previoti8 ~yiit5hoci6n'" : fr6m Christ. But unless Pete/was promiaea' that he should become the tock fottndation of Chi^ C f a o r i ^ i n « ; favour conferred in the previous sentettce." To suppose, therefore, as some Proestant interpreters do, that in pronouncing these words:—And on tiwA rock I will build my Church, ChriBt pointed to Himself, is, as Bloomfieldadmits, "a wholly gratuitous supposition." We may take it for granted, therefore, that Christ promised to constitute Peter as the rock foundation of His Church, and we have next to inquire what this promise implies. . . . v. The language is metaphorical. But metaphorical language, so far from being less definite, is amongst all nations, and particularly amongst Eastern nations, even more determined in meaning, than language that is not metaphorical. The foundation of a metaphor is some prominent quality which is common to two objeots, and which therefore leadB men to call one by the name of the other. Thus a lion has great strength and courage, and hence we are justified $n calling a strong/ brave man, a lion. A fox, on the other hand, is reputed to be very ounning, and bence we call a crafty | man a fox. These qualities of courage ' or of craft are brought out much more ' tersely and vividly by the use of the metaphor than by a long description given in unmetaphorical language. Christ named Peter a rock, and said He would build His Church on that rock. The prominent qualities of a rock, when viewed as the foundation of a building, are strength and firmness in itself—immovable as a rook—and the strength, unity, and endurance whioh it imparts to the superstructure. This is obvious from the common use of language, and is forcibly illustrated in the words of Our Lord, given in the 7th chapter of the Gospel of St. Matthew, where he tells of the wise man who " built bis house on a rock, and the rain fell and the floods came, and the winds blew and they beat on that house, and it fell not, for it was founded on a rook." On the other hand, the house bnilt by the foolish man fell, because it was built on sand. Again, when we speak of a house built on a rook, we imply not only that it will not fall, but that there will be no rent, fissure or settlement, which would weaken the edifice or expose it to the danger of falling. We judge, too, of the strength and solidity of a house by the skill of the architect. If he be very eminent in his profession we know that he will lay the foundation securely, and watch over the superstructure with the greatest care. Now let us apply these principles to the text. " Thou art Peter, and on this rook I will build my Church." Here, then, Peter is the rock, the symbol of strength, security, and durability. On Peter, as a foundation, Christ builds His Church, so that it may participate in the firmness and solidity of its foundation. The Church so built is preserved, not only from utter ruin, but from injury by rain or wind or flood—that is, from, every assault. Finally, the builder is no other than Christ Himself, whose work will endure for all time. We next come to the second clause of the first verse:—"And the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Here we have the result of the strength and stability and unity which the Church derives from • ther rock foundation. Oar Blessed Lord frequently referred to the perilsand conflicts in which His Church, was to be placed. At the very, beginning of His public life Christ had encountered the prince of darkness, who is constantly represented in the New Testament as the great adversary of Christ and of His followers. By the' gates of hell, then, we mustunderstand every agent and instrument employed by Satan for the ruin of sonls. Therefore St.. Ambroseincludes tint, St. Epiphanius hcresiee, St. ChrysoBtom perseputiom, St. Leo airmen, and terefict, . Qt old the strength of,,a,citeja&mIfi;^f&B.; Heno* the -gates are$bW^ymbol ojf$j&E;§r and of strength, <J?g™i power is deaigpg^jl Porte.'! ,, At .thj^ps,^ %,p,$gcils of the citizens (^^sthejoour^^^tice were wfl. jBufe^ gateji.l^Eeraed to in thQ tetf wp the; «|te» cjjf^eU.^SThey. represent,! therefore, r>*he ; power and the craft of theyisible and invisible enemies of Christ'fi .Church, on earth. In what- ever way we render Hades, whjether T as; death with some Protestant commentators, or the nether worty mih others, or the hell a/.ifo'iflwM smrits, „tbe argunienti ^n ^your of the .Primacy of Peter jug. successors will .be. fully language is metapbglgM^ ram.' fngntJTadet may . , metaphorical meaning f|tere4?; thP/vfijWgftQal .conflict wh ioh fe batriepl on against thp Church, by her,%oet |omuda,ble Risible ana in-, visibi%ifoes.' v jji that foiifyot wtory will he with the. 'Pfi^uUt that&w;^fio^ Christ against the incessant and power ful attacks of its enemies, to defend the faith, to safeguard morals, to recall sinners, repress schism and heresy, to provide for every want, and ward off every danger, is to proclaim hisPrhnacy of jurisdiction over the whole Church. The second prerogative given to Peter waB promised in the following words • " And I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven." There can be no question that whatever power or authority is indicated by " the keys of the kingdom of heaven," is here promised to Peter, and to Peter alone. " I will give to thee." We have to enquire, then, what was symbolised by the heys. From the earliest times, and amongst all nations, keys have been regarded as the symbol of authority. In Scripture there is no metaphor more frequent or more distinct than that of giving or receiving keys as a symbol , of power and authority. It will be sufficient to quote one out of many familiar texts. Speaking „ of the deposition of Sobna from his office of authority, and the eubstitution of Eliacim in his Btead, God, through the prophet Isaias, says of the latter " I will clothe him with thy robe . , . and will give power into his hand . . . and I will lay the key of the house of David upon his shoulder; and he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open."—Isaias xii., 21-22. The symbolical meaning of the keys is not confined to spiritual authority. Everyone knows that the legal possession of a house is given or surrendered by the delivery of the keys. When a chief steward is appointed to manage the household or business affairs of his master, his entry n the discharge of his office is indiated by the delivery of the keys. It is nnecessary to multiply examples, as the etaphorical meaning of the keys is ot questioned. - Peter, then, receives or is promised the eys ofthe kingdom of heaven. By " the ingdom of heaven" is understood in cripture sometimes the kingdom of od's glory in heaven, sometimes the kingdom of His Church on earth, and sometimes the spiritual kingdom of grace in the souls of each of the just. Here, as is obvious from the context, and, indeed, as., is generally admitted, it signifies the kingdom of Christ's Church on earth. Of this kingdom Peter receives the keys, is constituted the chief steward, and is made the chief raier and watchful guardian. But what is this except to have conferred on bim Primacy of jurisdiction over the universal 1 Church? The third prerogative promised to St. Peter is contained in the remaining words of the texts I have quoted:—"And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth, shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shalt be loosed in heaven." What we remark about this prerogative at first sight is, its universality and its supremacy. Its universality is indicated^ the word whatsoever* without any limitation as to peraons, or subject matter, except such as is imposed by the nature of the power conferred. ,Ite supremacy is indicated by the fact that all its decrees are ratified in-heaven, and, therefore, aire-not subject to any earthly power. It is therefore supreme in genere suo.in its own sphere. As to the extent of the power promised, to Peter in. these,[•words there .are three opinions. Some would limit it. to the power ,of retaining. and of forgiving sins, others to the power of declaring, some things lawful and other things unlawful, and others finally of binding men by laws, censures, penalties, or of dispensingthem—in a word, of legislating, for. the whole Church on all,matters which affect the welfare of tbie whole body nd of individuals. The third opinion s , certainly naueh. more consistent itjh the!-ponleit,'with Scriptural, Rab-. inical, and profane usage. I need only uote^the|estitnMjy;pf BBng$l;—Ligandi t solvendiveibis co'mprehenduntur ompia a, quae. Petriis. in yirtute nominis JTesu hristi et per fidem in illnd nomen apostolica potentate gessit, docendo, prohibendo perinitiendo, pnniendo, remittendp. In profane iiierflture ^e ;fihd that.the words translated binding , and loosing y ave the same comprehensive me&pipg.; Thus_ JosephuB ! wrjites :—" B^t thepei Pharisees ai;tfjal]y iDskiuate^ IhemBelves into her 'fcitojir' (Quran little and little, and laeo^ms; t^|^selyes. the real adriuhutratbrs df , 4He public affairsj.they banished.and Srprightb'aok whonj they sieved J. I'iltey 'Mmd- qnd, loosed at. their .plpasnM.'* '0h|us pas-l' binding ind^opiSng, ap^plying ipen^ 3viM T 'l.'i L*-i I.!-: Chri 82.) . . . . ... . : Here extended bear. ThW s^nse, as we hive seen, inoludes legislating, as well as providing, in-various other ways, for the welfare of the Church, and, : consequently, includes supreme authority or Primacy of jurisdiction over the entire Church. I had hoped to be able to complete the Scripture proof of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff to-night, but, though I have limited the proofs derived from the power of the keys, and from the power of binding and loosing, within the narrowest compass, yet I feel that I cannot further trespass on your attention this evening. On next Sunday evening, therefore, I must ask your calm consideration of the other texts in which the promise of the Primacy finds its f ulfilment. 