MELBOURNE. ? ♦ ? (from: our correspondent.) The annual meeting of the Victorian Auxiliaries' Union and of the Melbourne Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held last week in Melbourne. We were not treated this time to the abuse of the Catholic Church on account of its treatment of the Bible. Hitherto, this seemed to be inseparable from such meetings. I fancy some of the ardent spirits present must have chafed under this strange silence that pervaded the meeting, and longed for the good old days when the orators vied with each other in their denunciations of Rome. In the light of history, this change of front is easy of explanation. At the last meeting Bishop Goe gaye free reins to his fancy, indulging in a few 'historical jokes' at the expense of the Catholic Church regarding its relation to the Bible. But the Archbishop of Melbourne was on the watch, and not only did he reply to the silly and worn-out calumnies of the Anglican bishop, but he made the attack the occasion of publishing a splendid pamphlet of 160 pages on the whole question of the Church and Bible — so that out of evil good some times comes. A burned child dreads the fire; the Bishop is aviso in his generation, and restraining his innate desire for jokes, lie is this year discreetly silent. Lord Brassey presided, and the leading lights of the various Protestant sects were present. For once they were a happy family ; Canon Potter and Dr. Eentoul shook hands, and however they might differ about doctrine they would unite on this common platform. I confess it has been always a puzzLe to me, tins .biblio mania, or rage for the letter of the Bible. Trinitarians, who worship God in three persons ; Unitarians, who hold such worship to be isolators ; Churchmen, who glory in having preserved the whole orders and part of the Mass and ritual of Cathodes; and the countless sect of dissenters who believe such things as anti-Christian— all these will forget their mutual difference, and unite in enforcing the reading of the Bible as the grand panacea, the only thing necessary. Little they seek what meaning is attached to the Bible ; they are satisfied if the text of the Bible be read. For his sect each one finds justification, at least he thinks he does, in the Bible, and the work of disunion and disintegration goes gaily on. Sects are multiplied, and the truth of Luther's words is borne out every day : ' This one will not hear of baptism, that one denies the sacrament . . . some teach that Christ is not God, some say this, some say that ; there are about as many sects and creeds as heads. No bumpkin is so rude, but when he has dreams and fancies he thinks himself inspired by the Holy Ghost, and must be a prophet.' When will these Bible enthusiasts learn that the Bible is not the sole rule of faith 5 that the custodian and infallible interpreter of the Bible is the Catholic Church ; that ' the word of God,' as the Protestant Bishop Walton remarks, 'does not consist in mere letters, but in the sense of it, which no one can better interpret than the true Church to which Christ committed their sacred deposit.' At a meeting of the Brunswick Council this- week, the Mayor and some of the councillors endeavoured to lay the blame of the late meldc on the shoulders of Father Luby. When his own authority was flouted by the multitude, the Mayor was very glad to have the assistance of Father Luby in quelling the dis turbance. Next to the Chief Secretary, if not equally with him, no man was more responsible than Mr. Methven, for, notwithstanding his admitted know ledge of the Unlawful Assemblies' Act, and the excited condition of the Catholic people of Bruns wick, smarting under great wrongs, he gave jDer mission for the Orange procession to march through the public streets. In a letter to the public Press, Father Luby has replied to the aspersions sought to be cast upon him :-—' In a British community a man may expect some fair play, and I will, with your permission, ask the Mayor and Cr, Balfe how can a man be said to be guilty of a disturbance, if, in his public or private capacity, he insisted on Her Majesty's law being enforced ? But I will go still further and tell the Mayor that if I had not inter fered there would ]jrabably have been more serious consequences. It was only when I heard that there was to be opposition that I took steps to warn the proper authorities of the danger that might follow if the two opposing parties mot. ... In face of these facts, I now ask the Mayor of Brunswick and Cr. Balfe two questions — (1) Whether I was not perfectly justified in objecting to an illegal procession which I felt morally certain would bring about strife P And (2) Whether, as a priest, and representative of the ?Catholic Church in Brunswick, knowingthethreatehed danger, I was not bound to report the matter to the proper authorities ? ' As a matter of fact, Father Luby's action in the whole business has received the warm eulogy of the Press, as the following extract from the Spectator, a Wesleyan organ, will show : — ' While we are on this subject it is only just to express our reprobation of the accusation made in certain quarters against Father Luby. He did all he could to quell the disturbance at Brunswick, and, if the authorities had hearkened to him beforehand, that disgraceful riot might have been prevented.' A mistake occurred in my last letter; 25,000, and not 2,500, people were present at Brunswick. An appeal against the decision of tlie magistrates in the case of young Holland, who was fined .£5, has been lodged. An interesting debt case came lately before the Carlton Bench. The Rev. A. Toomath, Church of England minister, sued for the recovery of -£13 12s. from Jones, an undertaker, for work and labour done, viz., reading burial services. It was this undertaker who put the following cheerful advertisement into the papers : ' Why live when you can die and get comfortably buried for c£5?' This view of death reminds me of a story, the accuracy of which is vouched for by one of the chaplains of the Melbourne Cemetery. A few years ago about twenty young men, who were proceeding by boat from Mordialloc to Mornington, in order to play a football match, Avere drowned by the vessel capsizing. A few days afterwards, the sad accident was the subject of con versation between the undertaker, who was a Scotch man, and the clergyman, as they were x^'oeoecUng to a grave. 'A very sad accident this, sir, down the bay,' said the undertaker. 'Yes, very sad, indeed,' replied the clergyman, thinking no doubt of the young lives thus early cut oil5, and so suddenly sent to the great account. ' Very sad, indeed,' continued the Scotchman ; (l very sad the bodies wern't found,' and not even a smile lit up his face, so that the clergyman concluded that his grim humour was quite unconscious. From the evidence given in Mr. Toomath's case, it would seem that Jones tries to sweat the Protestant clergyman. There is a keen competition between the clerical representatives of the various Protestant denominations, and Jones takes advantage of this, and if one does not give him a modest 12£ per cent, of the fee, he quietly seeks the services of one who, like Barkis, ' is willing' even though of a different denomination, at least so says Mr. Dawson, the counsel for the plaintiff. It is clear, from the evidence, that Mr. Toomath himself is not loth to read over Wesleyans provided the fee is forthcoming. A decree for the full amount was granted, but an appeal has been lodged, and this grave question has yet to be settled. An address and a purse of ,£125 has been presented to Father Robert Scanlan, who was recently trans ferred from St. Arnaud to Hamilton by the people of the former place. The Mayor presided, and amongst those present were Revs. M. Meade (Creswick), M. Barry and J. Costelloe (Watchum), D. K. Harrington (Charlton), Q. Doyle (St. Arnaud), and several pro minent residents of St. Arnaud. For the past four or five weoks Father Bingham, C.SS.R., has been relieving Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., of Kerang, who has just recovered from a severe illness, during the greater part of which he has been the guest of the Rev. J. H. O'Connell, Carlton. Father Barry has now roturned to the work of his misson, and it is to bo hoped ho will soon be com pletely restored to good health. On next Sunday a window erected to tho memory of the lato Father Walsh will be unveiled at Foots cray by Rev. John Manly, the pastor of that district. In the morning Rev. J. Malono will preach, and in the evening the Rev. T. Quinn. 