'TISHER'S-GHOST;- : ?'?--??? ???\l-.-\i' .. — !?.'? .'.- '.:.??' (.,?' ,:? :.??;- :-.?? f ContinualJ. .-' ' ..?? \\..'-- ? ''The following is tho best otdry.we haVo eopnpublisyofl.o'u. tljo subject of Tisher'a ghost. It is from the pen of John Lang, and is very interesting not only to those who ropiomhol 'the /tragedy upon which the story is foundea.tut to tho younger genera tion whiVmay hot havo bad an opportunity bbfoT3 of reading it : — ? ???'??'?? ~'''£HE GHOST UPON THE RAIL. On the following AVodoosdoy— Thursday being.thiB maifket day in Sydnpy— old David Weir loaded Iub cart and. made his way to the°Au.stra-ian;metmpolis.: True to his word with'his wifo, ho did not mention to a soul one syllablo .^touching tho ghost. Having dispoSidofhis' butter, oggSj1 poultry, and maize, the old-man left' Sydney, at 4 p.m., and. at half- past tpn, arrived at Sean's publio-houno. He had travelled in that space, of timo thirty niilos,, and was . now about eight or nine from Ijoine/SAs was his wont, he horo baited*. /he 'horse: but declined: taking any refreshment njmaolf, though prossed to do so by sevoral travellers who wanted to ?? treat' him. During tho whblo day hn had, been romarbably abstoniinuB. At a qunrter to twelve the old man re . narnessed his jadod horse, and was about to r ?? . rosutno bis jourooy, when two men, who were going to Penritli, asked him for 'a lift'-. ??.-. ? ' ? ,: 'Jump up, my lads,' said old David ; ? ; and oft they wore driven at a brisk walk. : One of the mou in the cart was a tiokotof , leave man, iu tho omploy. of Mr. Cox, and .-. : - bad been to Sydney to attend 'muster.' The other was a newly-appointod constable ??'; of the district. Both of these men had ? lived for sovoral yoars in the vicinity of Penrith,; and knew by sight all: the inhabi tants, mal«' and female, free and bond. . , ;i,When they nparod tho spot whore tho ?'??:; old. man had seen tho Bpparition, he walked thenorseas slowly as possible, . and again V beheld tho figure, of lit. Fisher, sealed (in : the upper ran of the fence, and in precisely -: the same attitude and Bamo dress, i ?'?-.: '? 'Look there!!' said old David to the z two men, 'what'is that?' ? '''It is a man !' they both replied ; ' but ,: bow odd! It seems as it a light wore shin Ink' through, him !' : 'Yos,^ said old David; but look at him, what man is it?' . 'It is Sir. Fishor,' thoy Baid simul taneously..) ??? - .- ?'?:--: . . ; ?. 'Hold the reins, ono of you,' »aid old ;. David; 'I'll go: and speak to him. Thoy say ho is at home in England ; but I don't believe it.' ^ ???-?? ' Descending from tho cart, the old man, : .. who was as brave as a lion; approached :'.}the spectre, and stood within a few feet of '. it. ' Speak !' ho cried, ' don't you know '.?'?-me,'.tir.fs I am David Wojr. How came ktjou.by 'that, gash in your forehead ? -Are :; you alive or d«ad, Mr. Fishor?' To thoso ?: -questions no onswbrwas returned. The old :; 'man then stretched forth his hand; and placed ;. ' rTt| on what appeared to be llr. Fishor's I . 'shouldor; but it was only empty air, vacant spacK, that the intonded touch rested upon ! ,-.:.s'-Thero.has been foul play,' said the old :' man, addressing the spectre, but speaking ;,. : sufficiently loud to be hoard by both men in ?'??': thecart;'r ' And, by hoavoi, it shall be /brought to light ! Let me mark the spot,' . and; with these words he broko off several boughs from a tree near the rail and placod them opposito to where thespoctre remained sitting. .Nay; further,' he tookout his clasp knife and notched the very part on which Itherright haiidiofithe spectre rested. \- Even after the old mnn returned to the rart, the apparition of Mr... Fisher, exactly as he Tfis ln'thoflosb. was . f' palpable to tho sighted fill three men. They Bat gazing at it forfuU ten 'minutes, and thon drove on inawoand wonderment. ... ? , ' ' V\ ?????? :-';'':. cnAPTEnrv. » ; j';*,\yhen did David Weir arrived nt, home, |his wifo, who.wasdolightcd to seo him. so calruand.collected, inquired,, laughingly, , if be had seen the ghost again. ' Novor mind .about 'that,'.', said the old man. . 'Hero ?take the money and lock it up while I take the horse out of the cart. He is very tired, and no wonder, for the roads are nearly a . ;fp'ot [imp. in dust. This is the fifteenth ?-'month', that. has passed since wo bad tlie last shower of rain, but never mind ! If it holds ; olffjra fortnight or three weeks, longer, ? our mtiizo will he worth thirty shillings a bushel. -»'It is wrbng^to grumble atihe waj-s of Providence.- Iii my belief it is vory wioked.' ?.?? . ?. ? . ? , 'Well,Ithinksotoo,'.saidthoold wo man. 'Thiity shillings a bushel! Why, Lordta-bloss u-.tlmt ull set us up in tho : world. Jiliralyj^ [Wliatja mercy wo did riot ; selllMheji Jt roio. to nine nnd Sixpence !' -. . . vGet-mp somo supper ready, fotf'as soon ' as I have taken it, I have some business to transact;'-; ' ? ? r i ' ? : ' : ' : ' 'Not' out' of thehouse?' ' '.Nevonyou mind. ; Do as I tell you.' : Having eaten his supper, the old man ; roso from his chair, put on his hat/' and left ?hisuboile.: ;In reply to his wifo's; question, ; .'JWbero areyou going?' ho Baid, 'To'Mr. /'] Oiix'sj'Tll be home in an hour or'so.. I have business, as I told you, to transact,' : I -The old woman suggested that, he could . euroly waitltill the morning; but he took no ' heed of her and walked awav. ? : ??? Mr. Oox was a gentleman of very large property. in tho. district, and was nne of tho most zealous and active magistrates in the ? colony. At all times of the day or tho night Jio'was 'accessible to'any person1 who coii aidered tliey.had'busincss withhim. It was past two o'clock in the morning when' David Woir arrived at Mr. Cox's liouso, and informed the watchman that he desired to see the master. . It was, not the first time that the old man had visited Mr. Cox at such an hour. .Two years previous ly he had been plundered by bushrangers, and as soon as they had gone he went to giTe'the' information; ??«'i'*--: ?; ?? Mr. Cox came out, rocoivod tho old man very graciously, and invited him to enter the homo. Old David followed tho magistrate, and detailed, all that the reader is in pos session .of. touohing the ghost of Mr^ Fisher. ,.,' And who were with you,' said Mr;' Cox, Von theisecoiid occasion on you seeing7 this ghost!'.-''- ' ?_ '??? ?' ; ' :?' - 'One-is1 a ' tickot-of-loaro man named Willmins, a man . in your own employ j and the ntlldr was a man namod Hmniltou, who livod for sevnral yoars with Sir Jolin ' jamie- bihi. They both.rodo with mo in my cart,' waa,tho.4-ld. map'3 answor.. .:- - -iivn: '''Has WiliiynV returned?' ' Voa, sir,': ; ?;, ; ?fit is vory late, and ^ tho inan may bo tired and have gone to bed ; but, novortho loss, I will send i for him.' And Mr. Cox gavo the order [for Williams to -be 'sum- monod. ? ? ;' : '. : . ' Williams in a tow minutes came, and cor roborated David' Woir's statoment iu overy ' It is the most extraordinary thing! have ovor heard in my life,!' said Mr.Cox. ' But go homo, Weir, and you, Williains, go to your rost. To-morrow morning I will go with you to.the spot. and to.exammo it. You. soy that you have markod it, Weir.?' . Tho'bfdman then' loft Mr. Cox, and Wil liams returned to bis hut. Mr. Cox did not Bleep again till a few minutes before tho day dawned, and then when he dropped, olf for a quartor of an hour ho dro'amt of noth ing but tho ghoat sitting on the rail. .. , .. ,1 oiiArrBU'v. ... (! ..: The next morning, or rathor on that morn ing, Mr. Cox, at eight o'clock, rode ovor to tho township of Ponrith, and saw Hamilton Weir's second witness. Hamilton/ as did Williams, corroborated 'all that 'Woir had statod, so far as related to the second timo tho apectro had bson seen, and Hamilton further volunteorea tho assertion that no ouo of tho party was'-* in. the slightest dogroo affected by drink. Thoro was a tribe of blacks in tho vicinity and Mr. Cox snat for tho chief and.- several others. The European riamo of this chief was 'Johnny Crook,' and,, like all his race, ho was an adept in tracking. Accompanied by, Weir, Hamilton, Williams, nnd tho blacks. Mr.Cox proceeded to the spot. Woir had no difficulty in pointing out the oxact rail. Tho brokon boughs and tho ..aotohei on tho post'wero his] unerring guides. Johnny Crook, aftor' oxamimng tho rail very minutely, pointed to some: stains, and exclaimed, 'whito man's blood!' Then leaping over the fence ho oxaminod the brushwood and tho ground adjacent. . Firo long ho started off, beckoning Mr. Cox and his attendants to follow. For more than throe-quortora of a milo. over forest land, the savago trackod the footsteps of a man, and something trailed along the earth (for tunatoly, so far as thft ends of justice woro couooroedj^no* rain uad^fnllen'-during: tho period alluded to 'll^^piB Daf id, hnmoly, fiftoon months. OnoTSovy ^smpw.or would havo obliterated all tbeseTNJjjks, most pro bably, and, curious onough, tUU very night there was a frightful downfall, such a down fall 'as had not been known for many a 16ng yoar), until they camo to a- pond, or water bolo, upon tho surface of which was a bluish scum. This scum tho. blucks, after an ex amination of it, declared to bo 'white man's fnt.' Tho pond in question was not on Fishor's land, or Smith's. It was on Crown land, in the roar of their properties. When full to tho brink, the depth of tho wat^Mvns about ton foot in tho centra; bataUho time roforrod to ther'o was not mnre thf^Hroo feot and a half/ and badly as tho ca^V wanted water, it was very evidont, from tho ubsence of receut hock- prints, that thoy would not drink at this pond. Tho blacks walkod into the pond at the roquost of Mr. Cox and fait about the muddy bottom with their feet Thoy wore: not long omployed thus, whon tboy enmeiupon a ibag of .bonos, or rather the remains of a human body, kept togothor by clothing which had become so rotton it would scarcely baro tho touch. Tho skull was still attached to tho body, which the blacks raisod to the surfaco and brougl t on shore, tbgotber with a big stono.and tho ro mains of a largo silk handkorchiof. Tho foaiuros wero not recognisable, but tho but tons on tho clothes, and thoboots wero thoso which Mr. Fisher uapd to woar ! Anil in tho pocket of the. trousers -wns found n huck hnrn-liandled knifo, .^vliich bore the initials 'J.P.' ongravod on a small silvor plato Thin was also identified by Woir, n ho had soon Mr. Fisher use the knife sciros of times It was of those knives which contained n large blade, two small ones, a corkscrow, gimlet, horse-shoe picker, tweozers screw driver,. etc., etc.:- Tho murdoror, whoover it might be, had either forgotton to tako away this knife, or had p'urposoly loft it mtli thn body, for all tho other pockots woro turned ? 'Well, sir, what do.yoiijthink of that ? ' said old Woir to Mr. Cox, who looked on in a stnte of amazomont which almost amounted to howildormont. ' I scarcely know- what to think of it,' was Mr. Cox's reply. 'But it is lucky for you, David, that you are a man of such good charactor that you are beyond the pnlu of being suspected of so foul a deed.' 'I, Sir?' ' Yes, you: If it were not that this dead man's property is adrertisod forsdlo, il might havo gone very hard with you, i old man. It would havo been suggestod rthat jour conscienco had something to do with tho in formation you gave1 me of the gliosi But Btay here, all of you, with tho body 'until I return. I shallnotbe absent for more than an hour. Haver you a pair of handcuffs about you, Hamilton?' . 'Several pair, sir,' replied tho constable) '?' OUAPTERVI. After leaving the dead body, Mr. Cox rods to Fishor's house in which Mr. Smith was living. Mr. Smith, on being: informed of the approach of so exalted, a person^as Mr Cox, one of the proudest men in the colony camo out to receive him with all respeot and honour., Mr.1 tJox — wno would not rhave given his band to. an ' ox-piroe '. (under any circumstances), no matter how. wealthy he might be— answered Mr. Smith's greeting with a bow, and then askerl if he could speak with him for a fow minutes. Mr Smith replied, ' Most cortainly, sjr,' and orderihg-'a servant1 to tako' tlie magistrate's horso to the s'ables, ho conducted his visitor into the'best room of tho' ' neatho'r-boardod nnd comfortable tenement.: - Tho furnituro was plain and homely, but serviceable, nevertheless, and remarkably clean. Tho pictures on the walls formed rathor a motley collection, havingbeou pioked up at various times by fair. Fisher at sales by publii auc tio'n ' of the effects of deceased ' officials Amongst othors woro two valuablo oil paintings, which had originally belongod to tfnjor. Ovens, an occonlric officor.whq nas bVried on Gafdon Island, in the harbour of Port Jackson. These had been bought for loss money than tho frames were worth. Thoro -were also somo Dutch, paintings, of whion~rieithVr Mr: FisKor nor those who had not bid against; him little know tho roal value whbn tlioy ' wore knocked down for forty-two shillings the set— six in number ' ' I havo come to spoak to you on a mat ter{of business,' said the magistrate. ' Is theisaleof thisffarm and^tho stock to bo a p'ofomptory salb?— that is to'say, will it bo mocked down, lona fide, to the hjgliost biddor ?',',' ,; ... ?, , ,. ?;.:; , .'Yos.-sir.'; ?:??: ' And tho terms are cash ?' 'Yes, sir.' ;. ??' ?'..-:: ; ;,' _ ' S0I08 for CQ.8D qto not Tory common in this country. The tetme aro usually ton ppr cent^ deposit, and tho rosiduo - at throe, six, nine, and twelvo months, in equal pay ments.' -??-..' ''Tory truo, sir) but those are Mr. Fisher's instructions, by which I must be guidod.' ? ._ 'What do you lmagino tho farm will re alise, including the stock, and all that is upon it?' ' Woll, Bir, itought to fotch £1530 roady monoy.' ' I hoar that the whole of Mr. Fishor's pro perty is to bo sold, oithor by motion or pri vato contract ?' ' Yes, sir.' 'What will it roaliso, thiuk you, in cosh?' . ? . ; . 'Not undor £12,000i I should say, sir.' f ' Ono of my brothers has au idoa of bid ding for this farm : what about tho title?' 'As good ob can be, sir. It was origin* ally granted to Colonel Foucaux, who, sold it and conveyed -it to Mr. Thomas; Blaxall, who sold it and convoyed it to Fisher. But as you know, sir, twenty years' undisputed possession of itself makos a good titlo, and Fishor has boon on this . farm far. longor than that. All the doodi aro hero ; you may see them, if ydu'ploasd, Bir.'' 'Thoro is no occasion for that, as Mr. Fishnr's constituted attorney, you will sign, the dopd of conveyance on- his bohalf.' ' Yph Kir' 'What is tho date of tho powor of attor ney?' . ? ' I will loll you, sir, in oho moment,' and opening a bureau which stood in ono corner of the room, Mr. Smith producod the deed and placed it in Mr. Cox's hands. With tho signature of Mr. Fishor, Mr. Cox was not acquainted ; or, at nil ovents, he could not swear to it. Ho had soon it — seen Fisher write his name, it is true, but then it was that sort of hand which all uu oducatod and out-door working-inon employ when they write their names, a sprawling round-band. ' But as to tho signatures of the attesting witnesses thero could bo no ques tion whatever. They were thoso of two of the most ominent solicitors (partners) in Sydney —Mr. Cox's own solicitors, in foot. ; ' And tho lettor of instructions, authoris ing you to sell by auction, for cash, for it says in this power, ' and to sell tho Bamo, or any part thoroof in accordance with such in structions as be may receive from me by letter after my arrival in England.' ' Here is the lottor, sir,' said Mr. Smith, producing it., Mr. Cox read the letter at tentively. It rah thus :— Donr Sir, -I got borne nil right and found my friends and rotations quito woll mid hoarty and Tory K^d to hgo mo fLgnitii X nin so htippy colon} S» sell all off by public unction or by pnvnto con racf but lot it bo for en li ns I wont tho monoy slidrp j I am gom? to buy n sliaro iu a broworj with it I reckon it oii(,lit nltogothor to letch about £17 000 Hut do jour beet and tot mo hnvo it nuick whntcvor it is 'J Your faithful frioml Ihoro whs jio post mark on this lotter In thnso days^ trto postaLo on letters wns vnrv lnfh nnrl notbinr' «rm morn pommon ward communications by privnto hand As to tho signature of tho lottor, it wns idonti cal with that of tho power of attorney. 1 All this is vory satisfactory,' said Mr Cox. ' Is' this lottor, diitod flvo months ago, tho last you havo rocoivod ?' Yoa sir.1 It camo by tho last' ship, and flohanliuuedj 