OR, THE MYSTJEliX OJ? BZACK . HOLLOW GIlANGJjl. j CHAPTER XXII.— (Coxtinukd.) ' , Threading a dark ntreot, with tho damp' itvind in his teeth, und his heart turn with hitter memorios, a woman's cry for liolp startled him. Ho dasliod forward, following tho di- jrcutiun of tho sound, and a few blocks off an tho Bhndow of a projecting roof, lie jenught sight of n woman struggling in itho hands of a twinp. ! " Sou villain I" thundered Sir Harry, stinking n dive at hi3 throat, but tho tramp eluded his grasp ant! fled, leaving fliis victim panting uml faint with terror, alio was a tall, slim woman, in a flowing mantle of black. ! "I hope, madam, that I was in timo to pave you from injury V" p The woman turned her'whito, affrighted jfneo toward hint, and put forth a slender piund. ' I thank you sir," she began, but bia cry of amnzemont cut bar short. " Moroiful heavens !" ho gaopod, catch ing at her arm, "am I in a droain, or do tho dead ooino back ?" "Sir Hurry Trusham I" A" j His nnmo broke from her lips in a tono bf startled regret, and wrenching ber arm ifrom his bold sho was hurrying nwny. ; Rut ore sho had retreated ton paceB ha caught her ugain and held her fust. Sho Ituniod on hiui, her blue eyes blazing. ' "Sir Harry Trosbam, liow dare you? jUnband mo this instant." ' , Ho only hold her all the moro securely. I, "Miss T'revothonl It is you, and alive ! Thuuk Heaven 1" His voice broko almost into sobs, so great was bis emotion. Lonoro stood passive, a smilo lighting her palo face. "Yes, Sir Harry. 1 see there is no hope pf running away from you," sho answered. ; " Rut what docs it mean V ho do- mandod ; "for Heaven's sake, speak. Miss Trevothon, only yesterday I saw you buried, and to-night I moot you here." | Her blue oycB flashed with a sort of jgrim umiisement. ; " Can you not guess, Sir Harry? I am mot a ghost, bcnco you did not see ino buried yoatoiday." j Ho caught her hand and kissed it in jliis rapturous delight. " You are alivo ! there is somo mistake. lOli, Alien Trovotbon, this is tho happiest 'day of my life." . Sho laid lior Blim, soft hand on his arm, looking up at him with lior gravo, plead- iing oyus. | " Yos, thero is a miatnko— a great secret, Sir Hurry which you havo found (out, and I urn sorry. I inoant to keep |thci truth all to mysolf, but since wo havo root. you will Icoep, of course, tho secret j at my asking?" I " Assuredly. I think thero is nothing |you could ask of mo that I would deny, piiss Trevothon. But, I licg your par- jparduii, I do not quite understand." : " Ret us walk on togothor, and I will explain. I am stopping nut far off, aud jbuing somewhat of a stranger, in London, jl lost my way in tiio fog this evening, jivhioli accounts for my being out so Into. jSir Hurry, I am very grateful to you." Ho shook from head to foot with ox- citmnoiit and oinotion a3 ho gavo her his .arm. ' " For wlmt, Miss Trovotbon ? Because 'you havo made uio the happiest man in England i Half nil hour ago I boliovud 'you dead and buried under tho druary iinnrblos at Lyndith llnl), and to 1110 lifo was not worth tho living. Now, I look upon your living fnco, and " t The little trembling hand left his arm, Iho sad oyos filled with tears. " Sir llarry. pray do not speak in that way," alio implored. " If you do I must run away from you this miuute, and 1 am so minorablo, so utterly alone, so sorely in need of a friond. Help mo and keep jny scurot." Tho rapturous glow faded from his cyos, for soinutlilug in tho look of liora tuld him Lhnt the hope lio cherished xvaa a vain' ono. Ho answered iter like itho man ho was. " You shall havo no noed to rnn away from mo, Miss Trevothon. Anil now tell sno what your secret is." " You havo surely guessed, I livo,. ,snd i. am not Richard T'rovothon's wifo." "Miss Trevethon I Then thero must Stave boon vile falsehood and treachery. Can Sir Geoffrey have perpetrated this great duplicity in order to soeuro aud ho! (1 your fortune?" , She bowed in nssout. " And you have suffered tho world to (bcliovo it? Alias Trevethon, I cannot , understand." ; " No mutter ; you undoratimd ouough. 8 wish the world to beiiovo it." , Ho turned upon lior in diro amazo. f " You wish tho world to beiiovo it ; tou intend to let this shameful plot suc- cocd. Js that what you maun, Alios Ire vv thou?" " l'rocisuly that, Sir Hnrry." ; " And you will let Sir Geoffrey Trevo-' Alien lie tu tho world, and ohent it with a. mock funeral, iu order to hold yotiri wealth ? You are willing to give no your1 jnuiiio aud your birthright, Alisi: Trovo tbon . " Yes, I intond to do nil that." j / Her voice was steady, and lltu hand on' bis arm lay quiet and pulseless. Tiiol young man looked at horiu shoor amazo.! mont. i "Alice Trovotbon, what can youi menu." ! "Just this, Sir Harry. I'opuld nob obey my father's last command and wjshi and marry Richmond Trevethon, and thereby seouro to him the fortune which- should ho his ; and bihco tlioy Jinvo. pi. nurd and plottod this immousu frutid, I li:ivo no wislt to expose it. I moan that they shall have it all tlioir own way. They and tho world bolievo mo dend, and to thorn dead henceforth I will re main j then thu foriuno will bo thoirs, and in part, at leant, my father's wish will lie observed." " Give up your naino, Miss Trevothon' ; —your fortuno, everything I By Houvcn,' it shall not bol Before this time to , morrow all London shall ring with tho story, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall be dealt with according to his desorts." " Nuy, Sir Hurry ; tho soorbt is mine, and at iny asking you will surely keop it ? Oli, pray, do not deny mo tho solo kind ness 1 havo over uskud of yuu I Holp mo in this my hour of sore' trial. Keop my eoorot, Sir Harry, and bo my friond." i "Always your friend, Miss Trovotbon," bo answorod, utterly unmanned by her entreating manner, " but this gross fraud 'and injustice should bo oxrmaod," ' " X dp not acslro it. For my aalto, flir Harry, you will bo silent?'' '( ."For your sake, Miss Trevethon, 1 . (would willingly do oven moro than that. But is tho world to losu you utterly ?" 1 " Tho world can wall do without ma," p'uo answered, with a titoiiruful smilo j ( ; j flt will seat'flely. mine ma, 1 ahull leave Vvfc ''' ' .. England in a"fow days, noVor to return:- . _ Ho caught hor hand and hold it close, "to eyos burning down upon hor, "MissTrovethon, it shall '.be as you say ; I will keep your accrot. You ahull die to the' world if you will, but ;livo for mo. '. AVhon you loavb England, let it bo ns-nijr dear wifo. I naked you onoo bo lero, and you doniod me.. I nsk you fg'un. Havo pity ou a love, Lenore, which' never sworvos, novor forgets, wliothoryou livo otvdie. Givo up youj ventage j I have aiib'tbor for you. Ro- lmquiah your natno and tako initio. We will leave England together, and in some tor land; with every wish of your heart riilnllod, you -altall- lonrn to lovo ino Lenore, you must lovo mo when onoo you nro my wife. Havo no . fears, hesitate mi longer, but lay your dear hand iu mmo and say it shall bo so." ii't. 'kod at him with briming oyos. „. r««« '«y very soul, I wish I could Sir Harry. " You can, Lonoro." " Nay, forgive mo, I cannot." " And why !" A sadden crimson stained hor white fnoe ; hor lioad drooped, her clear eyos fell. "Alias Trovotbon, I am answered,' said tho young man, gravely. "You lovo another." Sho was silont, burning blushes still mantling her checks. lib walked bosidc her, silont also, until they rcaohed cite door of tho lodging-houao. " Aliss Trevothon," ho tsid then " you will at least permit nie to bo your friend. Indeed. I think you asked that much of mo. Now tell ino what I can do 1 ii you cnmiot lovo me, surely you will allow me to do somo little kinduosB for you "Yes ; you shnll koep tny secrofc.' " Is there nothing olr.o ?" Sho hesitntcd, and said with- somo con fusion : "There is hut ono thing. Come in »nd I will toll you." He followed hor iuto the plnm nttli sitting-room bIio occupied. "You will think mo very childish, very silly, no doubt," sho began the moment they wero seated, " hut 1 eannoi holp it. 1 should havo been out of England long ago but for this fesling oi fancy, or whutovar it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remombor our summoj trip tu tho Highlands ?" " I do, assuredly." " Woll, while there, tho day that you and Sir Geoffrey wore door-stalking, 1 ran off and went to tho Black Hollow Grange.' "To tho Haunted Alanor?" " To tho Haunted Manor. I had n mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I had done so. I went alone, en tered tho old honso alone, and thero, Sir Harry, I saw tho ghost. Don't laugh at me, pray, and don't say that I was mis taken. 1 saw it just as plain as I see you this minute." ' "And what manner of thing was it; Aliss Trevothon 1" " An old man. I saw his face clearly ; a (ino, palo face, with a long white hoard, just like tho Trevethon portraits at Lyn dith Hall " " "Did you speak to it ?" ' ' " No ; I'm ashamod to toll you what I did. I got frightcnod and fainted, and afterword ran away, and I have so bit- torly regretted it." "Aly dear ALeb Trevethon, why ? You Buroly do not boliovo in tho popular legend that peoples tho old houso with ghosts? The old lnau you saw was a rambler of some sort." She shook hor head with sad, sober eyes. "Nay, I think not, tho face was a peculiar one.' You'vo heard tho old story, Sir Harry — tho mystery of my poor father's fute ?" . " I liavp, Alias Trevothon." " "Well, all tny lifo lung I havo felt somehow tlmt. tho clue was in that old manor ; and now, over siueo I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, I cannot rest day or night. It haunts mo incessantly, until now I think that it was my poor father's face, and tlmt ho has boon shut up iu that uui House alt tncao years,' " Aly dear Aliss Trevethon, that could not bo. " " Tho notion haunts mo all tho samo I must know ; I must solve tho mystory, or 1 shall go mad. I havo thought to go again, I was to go last week, yesterday, to-day, but somohow my resolution always fails ma — Iho old place is so deso- lato and " She paused, a painful crimson flooding all her drooping face. Tho young n a i regarded her curiously. " You would like mo to go in yum stead, Miss Trovotbon, and investigate this mystory ?" Sho looked up with eloquent oyes. " Oh, Sir Harry, if yon would." "I'll start in the next train, and h Micro's a mystory in the old houso, I'l unravel it. And now, as I'vo a few hur ried preparations to make, I niuBt bidyov good-evening. On my roturn I shnll line you hero?" " You will find mo horo. Sir Harry how shnll I thank yqu ?" "I'll toll you when I got back. Good byo. Miss Trovetliou." IIo preBSod hor hand, bowed, and wttl gone. " Such a noble heart," sighed Lenore as sho watohod him down tho mini stroot ; "and I, what a misorablo, un . womanly fool I am." And sinking down upon a sofa sho hit Iter proud face in Iter hands und wept it shauie aud bitterness. CHARTER XXIII. thk 8e0rbs pabsaox. " It will go hard with mo if I fail to find jpmo loop-hole," ho hod said j bitt search and gropo as lie might, no loop-holo could bo fouud. And at Inst, after tumbling and falling and bruising his hunds against tho thiok walls, he had givon over, and sat down in nttor despair. Tho walls were solid, and th'ore was no sign of door or window, tho only ogress boing the dosed trap door far above. How many days and nigbts had gone by lie could not tell— nu eternity it teemed. He. wns growing alarmingly trunk from hnnger, and a fierce pain, produced by the dampness, raoked his cody. " : There wns but one hops for him, the hope of death ; and the sooner it onme and released him from his agony, the hotter. ' And yet it was hard to die thus, in the very prime of his manhood j to lie tliore mid Btnrvo and rot in tho darkness, and the. world never know aught of his fate 1 Ho bowed his burning temples on his ilnspsd hands, and a great sob of pain nd despair shook him. She would Hve, lis only woman ho adored, and smile in ".r ineffable loveliness, andgivo hor stveet ivo iiissos to somo happy lover, while ho .hould lio tliore unlamentod, and porhnps inremomborod. The thought was very bittov. His bowed head foil lower, nnd sob after zob shook thu strongman nntilhotrombled like u rued, -."JjgavgR Jiftvg rooroy. ojt mo hji ; i- groatmd aloud, "lifid if I am'tTdHnY this bitter oup, let me drain it quiokly I" Something like tho Bound of a human voioo answered hint — a strange, hollow sound that Soemod to issue from tho solid floor beneath him. Ambrose started to bis feet, the per spiration breaking out upon him in aold drops, his eyes glaring into tho thick, blaok gloom. " What was that ?" he demanded. The hollow sound was repeated, and aftor it cninon sucoossion of taps. The young man stood and listened, the im penetrable darkness nil about hint. "What's that?" ho again demanded, tho tremor of a groat horror running through bis voice. The rapping grew loudor, a rasping sort of crash followed, and then some ' subtle instinct warned Ambras'o that ho was no lougor alone 1 Some living creature was near him. " Novor till his dying day did the young man forgot the sensations of that moniunt. A horror that wns unuttorablo fell upon him, and the very hnir on his head seemed to rise. What presence was it that he folt so near him ? By a great effort he oo:n- niaailod his voice. " In Hoavon's narao, wlmt nro you?" ho skcd. A soft stop struck the damp floor. " Yo'i are there, are you ?" answered a pleasant voice ; " and in utter, darkness, too 1 Why, whero's your lantern ? Pat out by tho foul air, though, of couree. Whow ! what a stench, and dark as Erebus ! One might as woll stop into a gravo 1 You've found the timo tedious,- no doubt, nnd 1 couldn't get here one rmmite sooner." "In Heaven's name, who are you?" again domanded Ambrose. "Who jim I? Well, King Loar, at your servico, as I told yon onoo before. I'vo not forgotten you, Mr. Gorhart ; I know you in an instant. Your faco is a vory striking ono. I saw you whon you wont down, and I should have stopped you, but I wns curious to sso what you wore after. I didn't think a soul but my self knew of that secret pnssngo from tho doiith-rooni. How canto you by your knowludge, nnd what took you down hero ?'' " No mntter now," exclaimed Ambrose. " If you are a human croaluro like my self help mo, I beg, to get out of this hor rible pit." A peal of mirthful laughter filled the vault with weird echoes. "A human creature? Indoed I am. Did you tako me for a ghost ? I'll wagor my bond you did now. Ha, ha, ha 1 A Hit" joko that. No, ytmng man, I'm not a ghost as yet ! I'm good for a dozen years to coinc, if I don't loso my breath before wo'ro out of this. Come, now, give me you hand ; it io timo wo were moving." Tho touch of human fingora thrilled ovor norvo in Ambrose Gorhart's body with delight. "Heaven bless you, you are human !" ho cried, clasping nnd holding the hand that had sought his in tho darkness, "and you havo come to sat mo froo." " Procisoly, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happened to see you, for no other man alive, I take it, knows the soorot of tho underground entrance. Canto, now, horo wo nro 1 Softly, softly, stop by stop. We are going down, you boo. Wo Bhall got a firm footing pre sently. If wo only had a light." Ambrose permitted himself to bolod on to a sort of aperture in the fioor, from which a few steps lod downward to soma subterranean chamber oven darker and closer than tho one thoy had left. ''Horo wo are," said his companion, as their foot touohod tho ground. "Now all you havo to do is to follow me. Tho tunnel is straight and safe, but it is very tedious. You 11 fancy yourself nesring tho neighborhood of London before you emergo into tho daylight. Once outoi this scrape I'd advise you to koep out, for you have had a narrow escape. If the question is fair, young man, what did bring you down here ?" " The question is fair enough. I camo down in soaroh of the Alystery of the Black Hollow Grango, and I found it, too." King Lear wheeled round and faoed htm in tho narrow way. " What do you mean?" ho demanded ; " What havo yon discovered ?" _ " Lead on," answered Ambrose, fool ing for tiio yellow roll in his breast. "As soon as wo strike daylight you shall know. You forgot (hat I have been without food or drink for — Heavon only knows how long. In a fow intn- utos nuire iny strongth will givo out." , In eilonco tho two pursued tlioir way through tiro black, underground tumiol. A violont thunder storm and the sum mer dsy closing in. Sir Hnrry Trosham, sitting in his saddlo on tho Iono hoath, had his first sight oi tho Black Hollow Grango. Sinoo his boyhood lie lmd heard of it and of its mystery, and now for tho first time his eyes behold it. "Aud that's the Haunted Alanor 1 Wlmt n ghostly old plitoo I ' And to think tlmt Miss Trevothon vonturod to come here alone. No wonder sho was fright ened. Of courBO there's nothing under the blaok turrets worso than bats and rats, but it is rathor a forlorn old nest to look at. One wouldn't quite funoy sleep ing there such a night as this, with this coufounded Btorm about his ears. I'll defer my investigations till to-morrow, and seek shelter in some adjacent inn. To-inprrow I'll make a- fresh start, and if theros a ghost on tho premises, I'll moko ills nnqunintonoe. Alios Trovethon's mind shall be sot at rest. Softly now, Ratt- lor." ' ButRattlor would not he soothod. Tho thunder peal that Bhook the hills, and immediately suopeoding a lurid blaze of lightning, mudo him cower and treiublo beneath his rider. In tho next broath, with distended nostrils and flattened earo, ho throw up his head, and darted off at a mad gallop. # "Rattler, softly now," coaxed Sir Harry, vumly tugging at this bit. The horse flow on as if he had gone mad. Aoroas tho grounds, through the black hollow, and shear down tho rocky foscunt. ' D'0 w'tff took Sir Harry's hat and whirlod it away j the lightning flashed in his eyes, tho thunder doafoned him. And en went tho terrified horse, defying rein ar ourb. ' 6 'They made the dangerous deaoont, and the ridor had kept his seat ; but just beyond the moor thero roso u rooky ledge, _ Rattler leaped ovor It like o whirlwind, and Sir Henry waa whirlod over Rattler's head, striking the hard earth beyond so violently that ho lay thoro motionless. The horse flew on wross tlie windy inoors, utterly regard- loss of tho fallon rider, , (To be continued.) The product of a single pair of sparrows, If each p&ir; should havo fit yoimfi in a year and all livo, wnnlii in 10 years number 1-73,7 1 U.fibfi.fioS 'birds, Tho bird liatolios I) wfl brands in a ywir, and. nmdu W hWm. i fy fi rating In a 