HUSH MONEY. POWERFUL DRAMATIC STORY by JEAN MXDDLEMASS, Autooe of :"Iwo False Moves," "A Girl in a Thousand, " "Tho . Mystery of Oloment Dunravon," "Scaled with a. Kiss," "By Fair Moans," &0., &o.; . aij. Queensland jiionTa besebvkd/ i CHAPTER V. — (Continued.) Ho was Mr. Wallis, tlio rioii bankor, who, i though English by birth and doBcont, had lived so many yoars abroad that ho had bocomo a thorough foreigner in liia habits, and oertaiidy wus' claimed as suohby tho pcoplo around, with whom ho wub most popular. Ho wus a widower with nn only son, who, owing to business urrungeraonts, wus moro In England than in Paris, out the oharming hotel that Mr. Wallis inhabited iu the Faro Monocau quarter, was not 011 that account olosed to suoiety. Ho usually had a liieco or sister-in- law, or some other moinbor of his family, , staying with him, and tho dinners aud reunions ' in tho Ruo Madagascar wore among the ovonts talked of iu tho French capital, and niuny a -heart-burning was folt by those would-bo fashionables who woro not among tho invited. On this occasion Mr. Wallis was accom panied by his sister-in-law and hor pretty duughtcr, who woro 110110 othor than tho in habitants of Hazol Court, who had eoino over > to pay their relation in Paris a visit. Follow ing immediately behind thorn was Mr. Wallis's son, Alan, tho owner of tho black ayes whioh had worked snob terrible havoo with sweet little Ursula Boldersoii's iirst affections. Could any complication have been moro unlucky if tiioy hud only known tho rcul foots of tho cuso? 'Meantime both Ursula herself and Mudemoisello Lucille were delighted, the girl in having such a handsome, delightful . lovor, for sho was quite snro that Alan loved her very dearly, and Mademoiselle Luoillo because sho thought sho was doing u very 'clover thing in allowing Ursula to become entuuglcd with tho rioli banker's son, so that a marriugo must eomo of it. If for no other rouson, surely out of gratitudo for marrying his daughter so well sho was entitled to become Stoplion Boldorson's wifo. All, how littlo tlioy oitlior of thom know ! Whilo us for Mr. Wallis himsolf, tho father of this vary promising young man, ho had not the faintest suspioiou that Alan was ovon ncquuinted with Stephon Boldorson's daughter, of whoso oxiatunce ho was absolutely unaware. To reach his seat as ho followed up in the rear, Alan Wallis passed so close to Ursula that ho could not liolp touching her. "My darling lovo, I am so glad you have managed to como," ho whispered, so low that no ono olso could henr. But tho mugnotio words penetrated into the girl's heart of hearts, the crimson colour mounted to hor fuir brow, and hor whole being was aglow with a passion that was a feeling lioyond tho comprehension and which, in hor ignornnco aud innocence, frightened her vary much at timos by its intensity, especially when slio remembered that no ono in tho wliolo world savo Alan Wallis had tlio power to make hor feel these strmigo sensutions. Her lovo for Alan was a bewildering rovcln-' tion to this young, lialf-fledged girl, especially since, uuliko most girls who tako lovo for granted, as a disease tiioy must catch sooner or later, she strovo to analyse hor feelings. To do so successfully was, however, beyond her powers, and hitherto it had been her ono trouble in her growing lovo for Alnn, that slio could not explain satisfactorily to herself why sho should lovo him so much more than anyone olso iu tho wholo world, to tho extent that she would oven dio for him if need be. Tho scuts occupied by the Wallisos woro two or throo rows in front of thoso in whioh Ursula nnd hor companion wcro sitting, but Alan so munuged his placo that ho could ovory now and again look round at Ursula, and by that oye telegraphy which lovers intuitively understands he kopt tho Are that thoso fow whispered word, lmd' lighted in her heart in a state of glow thnt really guvo hor fur moro pain than pleasure, Bo nicely is tlio lino of exquisite fooling drawn that it is often difficult to dofino whero pleasure bocomss pain. To-day at nil ovonts tho latter wus destined to predominate. The largo hull wus orammod to suffocation, the weather, too, was intensely hot, so perhaps without the addenda of highly wrought feelings tliero would have boon somo excuse for Ursula to faint, mid faint she did, much to Madc- moisollo's Lucillo's dismay, who, evon whilo sho wiis raising tho girl, wondered whothor this attraction of publio attention would bo advantageous or detrimental to tho nuptials which sho hoped to bring about. Anyway a climux uppoared imminent, for MudonioiscUa lind not succeed in raising Ursula boforo Alan was at her sido, and took hor up iu his arms with tho intention of carrying her into tho opon nir. Mr. Wallis und tho two ladies at onoo looked round, tlio lnttor seeing nothing particular in the inoidont savo a desiro on tho part of their young rolatlvo to make himself useful. Mr. Wallis, however, who had gono through a good deal, and who prided himself on novor being deceived about a lovo affair, thought ho detected danger. " Alan would not havo been so prompt or havo looked almost as white as tho girl, if sbo woro wholly indifforontto him." He asked sovornl pcoplo olono to him, " Who is that young lady?" but 110 ono seemed to know, hor numo. " Une Anglaiso," was his only reply. , Ho muBt havo pationco and await Alan's roturn. . But Alan did not roturn, and what littlo stook of pationco Mr. Wullis possessed obbed quickly, away. An interval arrived in tho per formance, end asking liis sister-in-law to oxouso him; I10 wont ont to see what was hap- poning. Ursula had reoovorod considerably, but was still sitting, on a garden- seat, whither Alan hud carried her. Hor hat was off and the refreshing breezes woro playing with hor protty, wavy hair, and had already brought book tlio colour to hor olicoks, making hor look . so exquisitely lovely that Mr. Wallis stood and gazed, and wus scarcely surprised to ffud his son " nux potits soma. " Who is sho P" was tho quostion hovoring V , 011 his lips. v ' Ho did not go forward or allow himsolf to bo seen. Ho lina asoortainod what I10 wanted to know, for that Alun was acquainted with theso pcoplo ho now folt perfectly sure, and, pro tected from observation by a friondly knoll of trees, ho stood wutohing and waiting for what should happen. Ursula got up, and having put on hor hat walked to uoab which Alan hud insisted on culling. Ho saw hor into it with the greatest euro, paid tho driver himself, and then stood in tho Champs Elyscos looking after it until it was quite out of sight. Mr. Wullis retreated to tho door of tho build ing, whero ho was standing whonhisson at last appeared. Alun flushed to a deep orimson when ho saw his father ; not that he was usually iu any awe of him, but in this instance ho folt guilty, and did not know how Mr. Wullis would take the discovery uf a lovo affair, presuming, raeun- tnno, tbut ho hod made ono. Mr. Wallis was, however, laughing. Ho was a young man for his yoars, und had, moreover, yot to lourn that there was anything serious in tho ovidout admiration for a very protty girl. "Allow mo to congratulate you on your , , good taste," ho Buid, tapping his son affec tionately on tho Bhouldcr. . " You are a truo chip of tho old bloek. Who ia your liouri ? \- I (10 not rememlicr ovor to havo seen hor "bofoie.'l . ... Alun waB silent. Ho had an intuitive dis- . . . ! hko to mentioning tho namo to liia father, f reZnVXOreticcncQHV0 tU"8'bl 10 « Oh, yon need not be afraid, Alan, I shall not try to out vou out." 1 And Mr. Wallis laughed heartily at tho idea of outting out his mvn son. His success with seomtohim to bo so vory unlikely. " It is not that, father, of course. I have no reason for withholding her namo. Sho lives with that French woman, Mademoiselle Luoillo Lafiirge, in tho Ruo Duphot. I havo not known tliem long, not more than a month, hut : V ' Ihato Mademoiselle Lucille. Sho is falseness personified, andis altogether a most improper porson to have tho oaro of an innocont young girl."' ' Mr. Wallis's countenance assumed it. graver expression. Ho was beginning to think tho matter more sorious than ho had at first imagined. " So it has como to that, has it ? You have taken tho diseaBO more virulently than I thought, nnd oven now I havo not boon told tho numo of tho durasol. What's in a numo, tho poot. says ; yot mimos are useful in giving an idea of fumily and podigree." "Ursula — Ursula Bolderson," stammored Alan, us reluctantly us if lie had absolutely known tho effect his announcement would pro duce. Every shade of oolour faded ont of Mr. Wallis's faoe, overy spark of joviality from his miuinor. " Bolderson, impossiblo ; she cannot be " "Who, father, who ? What do you mean ?" . '"I know a man called Bolderson once, who — woll he fell- very low indeed in tho social scalo, umong tho dregs, ovon at tho bottom. If sho is his daughter thoro must ho no moro philandoriug, Alan. You must drop hor acquaintance." " Ursula is good and sweet and true. What oan her father's shortcomings havo to do with hor. Besides, it is impossible that hor father could he otherwise than a loyal English gentle man." " My poor Alan, do not dcoeivo yourself. Sweet womon very often have bad relations, hut that does not mako it any more desirable to he mixed up with them. You scoin hard hit by tho charms of this young lady. You must, howovor, pull yoursolf togotlior und oxorciso a littlo Bolf-rostruint, or thoro is no saying in what a mesh of trouble wo may both bo in volved. Remember wo are tho architects of our fortunos, which, extensive though tlioy he, havo not tho stump of antiquity to mnkc them respected in the eyes of tho world.- You can not afford a mesalliance, so you must retire before suoh a thing is ovon in contemplation." "But, father, you havo not yet proved that Ursula is tho daughter of the man to whom you so mysteriously nlludo." " No, it is not proved, hut I shall make it my busiuoss to find out. Meanwhile, do not go to tho Ruo Duphot." "I must — I must— I havo promised to go thoro this evening to inquire if sho is hotter." "Well, then, not again after this evening, until you hoar from me, and bo most careful not to compromise yourself." Tlioy had talked so long that tho performance was over, and the two ladies oanio in search of them, fearful that something was amiss. Tho carriugo'cumo up, and Mr. Wallis sent thom buck to the Ruo do Madagascar undor AIuu'b escort. Ho felt that ho himself must walk, and thus liavo time to coutomplato tho situation, whioh displeased him not a little. Ho was very certain that Ursula whb Stephon Boldorson's daughter, since now ho thought of it ho bcliovod he hud heard that Stephen had a daughter, and tiiut she wna living iuParia. Mr. Wallis was a man who had no belief in coercion. Something moro practical mnst bo done than saying, "You Bhnll not marry this girl, or if vou do I will out yon off with a shilling," if he intended to suooced. So instead of returning forthwith to the Ruo do Mudugascar, as ho had intended, ho wont to his office, sent for his confidential olork, and instructed him to find- out from Deeocq, whom this man occasionally saw, whethor tho young lady residing in tlio Rue Duphot was tho daughter of tlio Stephen Bolderson with whom ho had had relations in days gono by. " But be careful, Gage, how you obtain tho information, for I have my misgivings about Deeocq. I havo scon him in questionable Hooioty more than ouco. I don't tliiuk ho is as straight as ho UHcd to ho." Neither master nor olerk know what a doubledycd villain this man was. Having, therefore, us ho hoped, satisfactorily accomplished this part of liis project, Mr. Wullis sallied forth onco moro in tlio direction of tho Pare Moncenu, hut he wont into tho first tolograpli oflico ho pasBed, und sont off a " wire" to his partnor ill Loudon. " Send for Alan at onco on pressing business. Will write explanation." CHAPTER VI. Rachel's Tanole. As Rnohel Boldorson stood on tho thresh- hold of the Willow Marsh her heart misgave hor, and suoh a fooling of intonso fear camo over hor that sho longed, as she hud never ex- peotcd to long, for tho littlo liouso ut Oholsea, and tho days wlion sho wus freo to ho liappy as slio listed. But thoro was no tinning bnok now that sho hud put hor hand to tho plough ; and, notwith standing her fear, did she not lovo tbo melancholy, silent Stephon Boldorson, although ho hnd beon moro ailont und reserved than over sinco his marriage. Had she not sworn to lovo, honour, nnd obey him, and wus sho not in duty hound to mako tho best ot lifo for his sake ? And Rachel was not 11 woman to set duty on ono sido. Sho would go steadily on, doing whnt sho considorcd right and honest and truo. oven if her porsistonoo iu this course entailed endless suffering to herself. - Yot, for nil. this, - slio was but a frail, loving woman, with u tender heart that longed for sympathy, and therefore sho mnst bo forgiven her momonts of weakness when tho sky lowered und the clouds gathered ovor her head. Thoro had been no fostivo homo-coming on this occasion. Tho neighbourhood lmd mude its littlo fcohlo effort when Stephon Boldorson como into tho property, and tho wolcomo had proved so utterly uboiitivo that tlioy were not likely to try it again, ovon though it hndleukcd out by means of Mrs. Cubitt's tongue, "that a nowly-wod wifo was about to oust hor from lior position." A faot that so "riled" hor that site had not ovon put on tho cap with tho pink ribauds on tho occasion of reoeiving her, but wore tho grimy old black ono sbo had donnod whon tho lute owner died. No one had boon ut the Btation to moot Mr. and Mrs. Bolderson whon thoy got out of tho train ; 110 one, tlmt ia to say, hut Dink Vonubles, tho vlllugo oraolo, and ho had only gono thoro nut of sheer ouriosity. A curiosity,' too, wliioh I10 considered was umply rewarded, as ho told Vicar Salt, who oumo ahamhling through tho villugo as uaual half an hour Into. "Lord blesa yor rovoroiieo," said Dick Vonublca ua aoon as ho saw liim, " if that thoro Bwcat- fncod lndy isn't tho making o' tho Willow Mnrsli und its miserable looking master I ain't lived i' thoso parts for tho best half o' a; contury. Howovor aould slio do it ? To marry suoh as he; if sho don't havo hor own hands full o' sorrow and misery it will ho queor. But thoro, there'll no acoountin' for taste nor yot tho crooked ways o' lovq'i' tho heart." "I must go and kco this lady," lio said. "You are not of ten so full of pruiso, Vonublos." "No,' I ain't; cob-I'so far sooin', and tako tho world as it standB, thoro ain't much to pruiso in it ; hut sho ain't got none o' the pitoh 0' haughtiness about lior. If sho ho'ant anangol, wall,' there's nono on earth." ! " "What a holp sho will lio in tho parish," said tho Vioar, who had tho overybody-for- liiinsolf feeling strong upon lilin. - . 1 "A holp and a trouble, too," muttered Dlak,'sontentioiisly. " r: "Howso. How so, my good man.' I do not understand ?" v "Sho'll holp . tho -poor, I don't make 110 doubt 0' that, ' said Vonublos, who "was always aooustomed to stato his opinions ovoii to the Vioar, ay, and oxpootod too to havo them hoodod — "and she'll bo giiod onougli to tho siok o' body, but if she's not sick o heart lior-' self it'll not bo tho fault of tho man she's took for hotter or wna.'' ' "All, well, all, well, thoso who live tho longest will boo tho moat. I'll go' and cull at tho willow Marsh in a' day or two and soo for mysolf how matters stand. Good ' day, Vonublos." And tho Vioar strodo on. Ho did not think lio had taken hiaouo from Venablonbuthohad ; the old mini inudo the laws and guvo forth the opinions that woro promulgated in Marshtown parish muoli moro than unyono thought, and fortunate it was for Ruehol Boldorson that lie had oleotcd to tuko lior undor his fostering wing, hh it would mtiko somo of tho difficulties whicli beset hor path easier to manipulate. But "a faint cold fear thrills through hor veins, that almost freezes up tlio heart of lifo." lis sho stood surveying, for tho first timo tlio dismal dreariness of tho Willow Marsli, so abso lutely in keeping as it wus with its muster's well-nigh chronic inolunoholy. Nor did tlio uspcot of Mrs. Oubitt, who received her with a tliat wasVo'vnright n'ldo, 'add in an inconsider able degree to Rachel's disappointment whon StephonCBolXrson could not holp remarking that liis wifo was by 110 means favourably im pressed, und it gnovod him not a little. Ho had, on his occasional- visits during tho last fow weeks, become moro aooustomed to the poouli- ' - ; - nritios of his lately acquired property, with its moat and weopiug willows nnd tho surrounding overgrown wilderness, to say nothing of tho tnmblo-down condition of tho house nnd the generally crusty appearance of tho housekeeper. Ho had forgotten that ho too had been unfavour ably impressed when he arrived there for tho first time, deciding jn his mind that it was moro a placo to die in than to livo in. That Baohel'a presonco would mako it habitable for liim lio folt cortuin, hut to hor, with her artistic proclivities und refined tnBtes, it seemed to be a haunt whero happiness was impossible whoever might ho hor oompanion, and, God knows, sho was not wanting m lovo for Stephen Boldorson. Her devotion to him would probably stand far moro wour and tear than his would for lioi'. And oven at this moment itproolnimed itself, foreseeing that I10 had noticed hor disappoint ment, she made a vigorous effort to conceal it, nnd smiled gaily through tho tears that would glisten in her eyes ; and even hold out hor hand to ropulsivo-looking Mrs. Ouhitt, winning that prejudiced individual into somo bIiow of goodwill by tlio pleasantness of tho silver tones 111 which sho hoped that thoy would ho good friouds when tlioy heoamo hotter acquainted. To bo hotter acquainted with Mrs. Oubitt would, howovor, reveal a character so imbued with ignoraneo, untrustworthinoss, and solfish- noss, that friondly approvul on Rachel's part could liover bo forthcoming. For tho moment, howovor, she tried to put away all unfavourable presentiments, und to viow tho Willow Marsh and its belongings from a favourublo stand point, crushing buck with strong determination tho dread, sickly feeling, that would not allow itself to bo wholly suppressed, and looking about hor to sco what sho could do to hotter her surroundings und mako tho placo moro homely and oomfortable. Tlio tablo had boon laid iu tho dining-r&om; as it had beon for Stoplion on his first arrival, hut it was ovidout tho suino care had not beon tukon with the ropnst. There was no tempting sucoulent food, only a picco of cold moat wliioh looked dry and indigestible. Stephon, if ho noticed tho difference, made no remark, but ato what was sot boforq him, aud drank a oup of tea as if ho did not know that bettor things oxisted. How difforent from tho dinner ut tho Roso Inn, by tho river, not so vory many weeks ago. Rachel could not help thinking of that day, and comnuring it with tho present hour, and though sfio wus making strenuous offorts, tho tears would aoureo down her chocks und mingle with tho tea sho wus drinking. It would not, however, do to give way. Sho would grow hysterical, and her feolings would no longer ho under control if sho were not careful. So onco more sho shook off tho feur- fiend and spoke cheerily, and as if lifo were as full of joy and us bright as it should he to a nowly-mado brido. " Wliut a number of cards, Stephen. How many of them havo you returned, I wonder,' and she tossed ut loost a dozon bits of paste- bourd on to the tabic, in the hopo that, by examining them, sho would divert her ihind from othor matters. "Ihuvenot returned any of them," he an swered, morosely. " I have left them iill to you." " Oh, Stephen, how rudo. Besides, theso pcoplo havo not called on mo, perhaps tliSSf may not wish to know mo. I shall certainly not cull on thom until thoy halve given some token of encouragement." " Not wish to know you, Raohol. H thoy havo called on mo surely thoy must wish to know : you, sinco yon are so muoli hotter than I." "So liko a man, Stephon, to talk like that; yon forget you were a gay bachelor when tlioy nailed nnd I am only a woman. Besides, I will not havo you say that I am so muoh hotter than you. You have said it moro than onco lately, and it is nonsense. Wo aro both nliko, or, if anything, you are best, for you aro my dear, good, loving husband." Stephen got up and camo round to where his wifo was sitting. Standing behind her as ho was vory fond of doing, lest sho should road too much on Mb furrowed brow, ho leant ovor and kiBscd lier. " If I woro only half as good as you aro how thankful I should bo," 110 whispered. "I think you the host in tho wholo world, nnd yon think mo tho host, that is as it should bo, oil, mou luuri," she said, still striving to appear light-hcurted nnd playful ; hut, unfor tunately, turning quiokly round to look into his fuco as sho spoke, what sho saw there filled hor heart onco moro with sudden dread, and sho hocnnic faint nnd white ns death. Ho did not spook, hut turned away, annoyed at tho look she hud detected, anxious if pos sible. to savo hor from scoing more. " Oh, my liuBband, my husband," sho mur mured,. " if I could only loom what it iB that troubles you." "Nothing— nothing, my pot. Nothing, at least, that would interest -you, or . that you oould understand. All mon havo business worries, yon muBt surely know that. Hbro, lot its go ovor these cards and 'see who are the cnllors whom I havo so diroljr neglooted." . But the ourds no longer interested Rachel ; . what were the people thoy represented in com parison with tlio dark seorot that lay botweon lior and Stephen, und soemcd to Rachel ns if it must wrook their lives. "If I only know, 'if I only knew," sho repeated, thinking while she spoke how by knowing sho might be able to avert somo dire calamity. But he hooded not her , persistency, hat seemed us i he did not ovon hoar, so absorbed ' wus lio — either foignedly or really — in tho contemplation of immos on tlio cards. And in truth it would seem us if ho woro not altogether enacting a part, for there' wa's a rlng.ih' his voice whon lio said, " Tlio Wnlliscs, tho WalliHos havo boon culling here,'.' that it would liavo taken a fur hotter noter than was Stephen Boldorson to liavo lissumod.' " Who aro the Wallises, and why should tlioy not call?" sskod Ruohol, holding out hor hand for tlio oard, and wondering as sho road it whotlibr theso pcoplo would throw any light on tlio dark mystery whioh sooracd to envelope tlio Willow Marsli. .I.,i , Mr. and Mrs. Wallis, Miss Sioolo Wallis, : Hazel Court. Thd piece of panto-board "does npt seem to convoy muoh, and Racliol ia far from guessing wliut an important part the family of Wallis is doBtincd to play in tho history of hor . lifo, and that tlio day y ill arrive wlion alio will wish that sho hud novor heard tho name. Now, us . Bho toiscs tlio card back, alio says lightly— "Pretty' namo. I wondbr if thoy aro lis nice as thoy should ho to liavo suoli u name. Is Huzoi Court near hero P." At this momont,' Mrs. Cnhittcnmo into' the room; iind it was 'sho who answered tlio 'question. . ' "About three niilos ; that is, across tho fields.' ' It is longer' lyr tho road. It is only to-day tlmt Mrs. Wallis und Miss Siccle oallod, about an hour before you arrived, ma'am. Tlioy sbqinbd very pleasaiit-spokon ladies, and said thoy hoped you' would' liot bo long liofbro ' you wont to soo them." "There, Stephen, , I am nlroiidy let in for ' returning 1 onb visit, Mind I don't think lam : sorry. ' I soom to fancy theso peoplo, although I havo. ; never,; soon thorn. , Of course, you will . eomo with nio." " ' . ' ' I hutq paying calls, ' ' ho said rathor shortly, .lighting' his pijio as ho' spoke, and going out into tho so-called garden, among woods and tangles, to smoke it, thus louving Ruohol to make further aoquuintancq with Sirs. Oubitt, who was 'olearing 'tlio dinner things from the , tnhlo, mid ut tho same timo taking stook of tho ;now mistress, against whom lior indignation and prejudipqd disliko was slowly giving way aiiiob sheifouhd 'hor uffahlo nnd ready to nocapt tho information whioh slio wub always ready to give. V Whilo I10 smoked, Stephon Bolderson tried to put away from his mind tho disagreonblo recollections with wliioli it was usually filled, "and to plan out tlio uncultivated wilderness whioh lay around tlio liouso into something liko a gurdon whioh should givo ploasuro to his holovcd Rachel. This ongrosscd liim, und kopt him employed for somo littlo timo, thus affording umplo opportunity for tho talk in tho dining-room, in tho course of whioh, commencing with tlio Vicar, Itaoliol soon hocumo intimately ac quainted witli all the residents in tho neigh bourhood. Thoso which interested lior the most wore tlio Vioar mid tho -Wallisos, fur reasons wliioh slio thought sho could havo defined, but wliioh woro probably connected in Homo oconlt way with tho influonco they wcro pre-ordained to exorcise ou hor own destiny. Tlioy had shown a desiro to cultivate her acquaintance, the Vicar having loft a inessago to that offcet, and sho did not intend that tlioy Mr'Cubit'iraute'd helonng'to 'ho . . ' I - - , .' c- " Mr. "Wallis was tho best landlord in all tho oouuty, Mrs. Wiillis was tho most kindly womnn, who was always doing a bit q' good whorever sho got tho ohanco, whilo lis. for Miss Sicclo, sho was a protty young lady — wont to hor first ball a fow weeks haok, and wasn't sho talked about and admired, just !" " What yon toll me is dolightful, Mrs. Cubitt, I do lovo pretty, bright; young girls." " Aqd sho is ono, and no mistake, ma'am; she'll .'ho a nioo, sweot, oompanion for your young lady." " My young lady ? I havo not any young lady." "Not a daughter, ma'am, I thought " " Of conrso, of conrso. I wus a widow whon I murriod Mr, Bolderson, you aro quite right. But I have neither ohiok nor ohild." Mischievous intention gloumod in Mrs. Cubitt's eyes. Sho would havo a potty von- geanoe on this interloper at tho Willow Marsh, sooner than sho oxpooted. "Bless you, lady," sho said. "I did 'not think as you was old enough to havo a grown up gal, but isn't Mr. Boldorson's children now yours?" "Mr. Boldorson's ohildron!" And tho words dropped feobly from Rnohol's llpB, whioli woro tremulous and white. " Lord lovo yor, I wouldn't have spoko of it, if I hadn't thought yor know'd." "This thon was Stephon Boldorson's seoret," Rnchol thought. "Well, after all, it wus not such a vory dreadful one, only why did ho not toll her ?" Sho rallied lis speedily as sho oould from tho first shock, nnd trying to appoar pleased at tho discovery, sho said, "Tell me, Mrs. Cubitt, how many children am I oxpooted to mothor — sinco you seem to know all about it ? As I said juat now, I lovo young pcoplo." "Lor, ma'um, there ain't only ono as far as I know. A biggish gal I believe sho is, but I haven't novor scon her. Sho lives in Paris." "Well, I hopo sho Will soon come horo. It will bo dolightful to havo a young thing in tho liouso, and, us you say, sho may become grout frionds with Miss Sicelo Wallis." And after this there was 110 moro conversa tion to ho got out of Ruohol. Sho waikod uoross into tho stiff, rigid looking drawing- room as though simply desirous of inspecting it. In reality she wanted to got away from Mrs. Cubitt, and, boforo sho again mot hor husband to bo alone for a fow minutes with the unexpected discovery sho had made. It was not that Raohol was sorry about tho existence of this unknown girl ; on tho contrary, her strong maternal instincts wont out to hor in a yearning at which sho hersolf wus astonished; but what upset her und rendered her thoughtful, almost suspioions, was, that Stephen Bolderson should novor have told lier aught about tho ohild, of whose existonco ovon his liousokcepor was aware. Somo shadow must assuredly lio athwart tho past, or I10 'would not ho so roticont. Mrs. Cubitt said that sho herself had not scon tho girl. Could it ho poBsiblo that sho was imbecilo or deformed? Surely, if she loved Stephen Bolderson woll enough to marry him, sho would havo accepted his ohild what- ovor burden hud fallen upon hor. No, this could not bo tho reason of his silonco. Thoro must be somotliing in connection with hor purontogo which he did not dare to reveal. And lost in countless surmises, sho took no account of timo, and sat on in tho half -furnished drawing-room until darkness overtook hor, nor wits sho 0110 whit nearer tho solution of tho difficult problem sho had sot herself. Meantimo Stephon Bolderson wandered about tho grounds planning und arranging — until from arranging he dropped into dreums — thoso had dreams whioh were apt to frequent him both by day and night. Neither of thom recognised tho faot that thoy were drifting— drifting farther usundor with caoh thought that took possession of thom. Thoy must ho careful what (hoy did or snid in tho future lost coolness should arise, and out of coolness, senuration. " Ono deed may mar a lifo, And ono may mako it ; Hold firm thy will from strife, Lest a quick blow brcuk it." Raohel was meditating what sho should do and say whon tho rocollcotion that sho had lately road tliuso lines flashed upon hor. Evon in tliut moment a hund was laid on hor shoulder ; it wus hor husband's. Ho had couo into tho dark room by tho opou window. " "Why so pousivc, wifio mino? " Sho started us if sho hud scon a ghost. Should sho tell him what sho was thinking of, what imxircssion hud boon mudo on her by Mrs. Cubitt's revelation? No, a thousand times no. Till ho should vouolisafo to hor Bomo information ps to tho oxistenco of his daughter sho would-bo silont nor let baok-stair gossip obtrude . itsqlf into tho story of their lives. . . Pride as woll as discretion prompted Ruohol at onco to adopt this course. She answorod him thon in a casual sort of way, saying she was half nsloop nnd dreaming, and as he could not sco her face ho acooptod tho oxcuso, although ho did not altogether think thoro was no arricrro ponseo in tho matter, hut ho ascribed it to her disappoint ment at tho general aspect of tho willow Marsh. He put his arm round hor to load hor out of tho darkness into tho dining-recm, whore thoro was a lump. . We will mako it all vory different boforo we are inuah older," I10 said. "I havo boon planning out thn'gurdoii while I smoked, and you will soon imiko tho insido of tho liouso into a bijou. Porhups I was wrong, but I would not touch it till you camo. 11s I thought yon would uiTiiugo it much bettor than I oould. Sho ontoroil at onco into Ids humour, uud for 11 long wliilo thoy chatted away about dotails, Ruohol striving very hard to prevent him from seeing that thoro wus a third anil uiirevoalod presonco stalking botweon lior and tlio liomo wliioh ho was inviting hor to mako beautiful and bright. . . Nor was tho rocollcotion of Ursula wholly ilbsontfrom Stephen Boldorson's mind; with ouoli turn in tlio conversation ho lmd it almost ou liis lips to tell her:a oliild ljoiug brought up with Luoillo Lafiirgo would ono nay olaim hor motherly cure and interest. But lio had put, it off so long that enoli day it became mora' and 1110'ro difficult to mako tho confession; bosidos lio was still itfraid, not that Rachel would liot ho tender and loving to liis oliild, hut that tho interohaugo of civil amonUios that' would bo thus brought' ubout with LnoiUo Lafargo would load to strife iind annoyarioo. . . Thus liko many another ooward who bus gono boforo him, ho put off tho ovil day and loft ciroumstatioos to unravel the complications that troubled him, totally disregarding tlio faot thnt tangles, if loft to thoinBolves, havo 11 wiiy of hocoming more and moro iuvolvcd tlio longer tlio straightening procoss is 'deferred.' And so in this case, it would iuovitahly provo, und ovon Rachel's deft fingers mid patient persevorunoe would find her, tangled skoiii of fife almost impossiblo to untiivol. chapter yn. compbomibino Lctteus. Ursula Ib sitting by tho window looking out into the street. It is rainiiig, and tho sun is liiddou behind heavy olonds ; so is tho sun of lior young lifo, and sho is fooling perfectly miserable. "In ovory life somo rain must fall, Some days ho dark and dreary.". But Ursula does nut rctiliso this. Sho fools certain that hor prosont utter wretchedness will lastior ovor, and despair lias taken entire pos session of hor. An open uoto lies 011 her lap, tho papor blistered hero and thoro by tho scalding tears that uro fulliiig from her qyos. Tho lotter is from Alan Wnllis, saying that he is sont for to London ou urgent business, nnd that it is difficult to say whon liO will return. From lier father's absences, which frequently last for months, Ursula Iuih a vory dreary idea of wliut going to London moans. Months, at hor age, soom as long us yours do to thoso who havo battled with adversity, and, moreover, uro not iu lovo. ' " Ho will novor como buck. I know lio wil\ novor bomo baok, my dear handsome Alan. IIo has gono away for over, across thut horrid water. How I hato England. It swallows up all f ho people I lovo, If ovor you go to 8t'"wl,nMh«uld I go 4 England for P You aro muoh more likely to go tlioro than I am, K:,ff rt,;;"'""4 " 5l"' """ - ' Oh, tiiut would bo delightful," oriod Ursula, ' Always Alan, only Alan, ' ' oriedMadomolsollo : "" ' - M;': ... V. i. ... .'.v, .v to ono mun. IIo is not Worth -it. little ono. No man is. I dare say at tliiB moment ho is flirting with somo protty girl ho has mot oii voyugo." This suggestion evoked a fresh burst of tours from Ursula, while sho indignantly protosted that Alan wub incUpablo of infidelity, ho had sworn to iovo hor and lior only, and ho would bo truo. Mudomoisollo Luoillo triod to comfort hor, but sho was laughing tho whilo. Sho had 110 lioliof in any man's fidelity, not sho ; hut thon bnffets and disappointments had made hor oynical, and all thut sho lmd any faith iu was tho powor of £ s. d. Stoplion Bolderson had led hor to boliovo — what had ho led her to boliovo? Slio did not quite know, but ovon if sho married him, whioh sho would do, hocnuso Deeocq had told hor it would ho worth her whilo, it novor for a momont would ooour to hor that ho would bn faithful. This sccptioism of good in whioli sho freoly indulged was, however, acurcoly a dogma with which it would ho easy to inspire a lovo-siok girl, although Lucillo devotedly wishod that Ursula could bo rendered harder, sinco, for her own sake, sho would ho far happior if sho wore absolutely heartless. Alan "Wallis was quite right when ho told his father that this woman who Was ovor ready to trumplo on high principles and honest hourtfelt. emotions was no fitting montor for an innocont girl of sovoutoon. Mademolsolio Luoillo, noting tho kind of man thut Alun was, hnd strivou to conceal from him us muoh as possible her want of faith in common honesty and loyalty, but her disbelief in all things pure and truo was too strong to allow itself to bo calmly laid to sloop at will, and in spite of horsoif it would at times hoooino so assertive that Alan Wullis had not failed to discover its oxistenoo. _ Ho could not, however, for tho moment do anything to reinovo Ursula from tho charge of this pornioiouB guardian. Ho must go to London in answer to tho pressing summons ho had rooeived, or ho would risk his business position, tho loss of which would in no way promote his intended murriaga. At tho earliest momont ho hoped, howovor, to return to Paris, und doviso somo sehomo — in conjunction with Mr. Boldorson— if ho oould find him — by which Ursula might broutho it moro wholesome atmosphere. Alan Wullis had seen a good deal of tho fast and wild sido of life, into whioh young mon aro apt to dip la tho French capital ; still ho was too innocont of ovil to liavo any idea of tho net work that surrounded tho Boldersons, both father und daughter, hunco how utterly im possiblo it would ho for Ursula definitely to freo hersolf' from Madomoisollo LuoiUo la Furge, even if she horHclf were desirous so to do. Alas, tho strong affection Ursula had for the unworthy Luoillo was another mesh in tho not of involved oiroumBtanco whicli bound thom so inseparably, Binco by it LuoiUo maintaiiiod a powor ovor tho girl, whioh, without this lovo 011 Ursula's Bide, it would havo been diffioult to hold. Lucille had not spoken altogother rashly and without thought whon sho said perhaps thoy would go to England and look up Mr. Bolderson. Since slio had received Dccocq's telogram sho hud beon fidgctty and uncomfortable, twice sho hud wired to him forfurthor information, bat had received no reply, hut sho folt vory certain that something was going on, and sho was soriousiy meditating 11 trip to England to seo for herself what it was. For LuoiUo know full woll that devoted to hor though Dccocq appeared to bo, assuring lior constantly that thoir interests were identioul, yet, judging him from lior own standard, sho felt that sho could not trust him. Sho would have thrown Deeocq ovor ut any moment to servo her own ends, why thon should she expcot that ho would not do tho sumo. Nor was she far wrong in tho cstimuto sho had made of this man's churuotor, about wliioh she hud had ovory opportunity of taking note since, although tliey never alluded to tho oir- cumatanco, und it was known to very few peoplo, tlioy woro stepbrother and sister, Dccocq's mother having murricd M. in Fargo when ho wus a hoy of sixteen. This relation ship hod given him a tremendous influonco ovor LuoiUo, whoso scant faith and bohof in aU things honest and pure hud certainly boon originated by tho sceptical sneoring doctrines whioh wcro perpetually ringing in her oars when, us a young man, making his first start in tho commercial lifo of Paris, ha usod to como and spend his holidays ut his mother's house, sho at that time residing in tho country, about twenty miles from tho capital. It was horo that La Fargo, the father of LuoiUo, died, and thon his widow and child came in to Paris, it being previously arranged, for reasons that Dccocq did not divulge, that tho relationship between them Bhould remain u secret. Madame la Fargo novor questioned her sou's aats ; sho was an uncdueuted cainnagnurdo who bcliov'ed in him implicitly ; hut Lucille, to whom more light and knowledge had como. frequently puzzled hor brain as to why Deeocq wished to disown his relations. Sho, howovor, also, ton groat oxtent boliovcd in him. Ho had been good to hor, und treated her more liko a father than the ono Hho had lost, and sho hod thus littlo cause to doubt him. Probably sho would not havo dono so now hut for tho dootrincs of no trust in unyono whioh ho him self so unooasingly disseminated, uud perh'upBfor onothor reason, that he novor wus commuuicu- tive with her on the subjoot of his own affairs. Sho know that in somo way Decouq hnd been mixed up for a long timo with Stephen Bolder- son. Slio know also that tho relatiuns 011 caoh sido woro ;not altogother croditablo, hut of dotails sho liad-uo oluo. Thus did Dooonq, by excess of care, some what overstep tho mark ho wished to attain, since he raised tlio vory suspicion about himsolf whioli it was his desiro and object should peace fully slumber ; his aim lioing to mako a useful and sharp-edged tool of Lucille— no such onsy matter wlion a woman is oluvuruudsolf-roliaut, nnd ns capable of planning and currying out an intnguo ns ho wus himself. Thut a marriage between herself and -Stephen Boldorson would ho agreeable to Dococq slio was fully invitee," whilo sho hersolf was considerably fascinated by tho roticout molaiioholy-looking English man, whoso nature waslso absolutely iu contra diction to hor own. Tlio tondor sido of Mr. Boldorson's character, which lie usually ex hibited to woaiuu, hnd not failed to liiivo its offoot on Lucille, comitig out thoroughly as it had dono on more than one occasion ui Ids re lations with hor aud his daughter. Notwithstanding thnt ho kopt Ursula's ox istenco a secret from tho swoot little widow ho had made his wife, Stephen was vory fond of hie child. His reasons for being silent on tho mutter wore principally bocuuso ho was afraid of any communication taking placo botweon Ruehol iind Dccocq whioli might mar tlio carrying' out of liia mutrimoniiil intentions, for although Stephen did not know thut Dococq was half-, brother to Luoillo, ho was aware tlmt tlioy wore bound together by strqiig tics. The othor and less 'reason for his silonco was a Hoiitimental ono. Ho did ; not wish Rachel during her engagement and iu : the. first flush of hor married lifo to think that thoro .was any other bring who" had a right to share .with hor the lovo 'that lio ussured lior wns all hor own". ; : ' In this Stephen Boldorson utterly failed to understand a thoroughly good, truo, tender hearted woman. Ursula, bring liis ohild, would never b'o 1111 nliou to Rnchol j on tho contrary, if tho girl horsoif would havo "it so; slio would find Biioli a uostliiig spot in Riinliol's warm liourt as Luoillo lu Fargo was quite in- onpablo of affording. . "VVhotlior the reooptioii uouordod by Stephon Boldorson's new wire would ho as goneroiis and , wolcomo should Ursula suddenly appoar'' in England, accompanied by tlio ohimorous and jealous Luoillo la Fargo, was doubtful. Fortu nately Lucillo did not feel quite sure . ubput carrying out that sahomo. ' Sho did hot kribw what Mr. Boldorson might say to thoir unex pected arrival, nor how angry Dooooq might bo. Cortes it wns of him more than, of Mr. Boldorson thut Lucillo was afraid. Yot Luoillo 00 lior sido was very much dis pleased with liim. „ AVhat did Dccocq mean by Bonding that, exciting toiograin, Mid thon subsiding into a silonco which 110' repeated questions from hor oould break? Wasshonotu freo ngoiitto do'lis slio pleased ? Why should sho remain under Dccocq's uoutrol as though sho wcro a littlo ohild ? She had as much intelligmioo as I10 hud. safe's"..;" ai=W wus ill a collected and cool condition, she, like taTore?caU At thimmturcwhcii tho feelings of both LuoiUo anchor young charge wore' at high tension, Deeocq, instead of writing, put in nn appcarauoo at tho Ruo Duphot. Ho hnd boon in Paris for somo littlo time, although it had not suited him to lot his sister know it, lienco tho unanswered letters. Now, howovor, it was necessary that ho should havo somo communication with hor, so ho walked in ono morning boforo dejouner, whon ho knew thnt Ursula would probably bo practising, and Lucille bo superintending tho 'ouliiiary depart ment, which, us is tlio lmbit of tlio . French bourgcoiso, always received much of hor atten tion. There was a soowl on Dccocq's brow. Sho saw at a glanco thut ho.wosnotpleasod, neither was sho, so sho received him roughly, whioh wus impolitic. "So, Dococq, you havo come at last. You hnvo grown far too groat n gentleman of late. Otlior pocplo's interests and projeots no longor trouble you." " And you havo turned into a fool," ho re turned, mumbling his words angrily behind his moustaclio. "What tho deuoo do you mean by complicating matters by lotting Ursula fall in lovo with Alan Wallis?" "Hoin ! What has that got to do with you? You aro not one of Mr. Wnllis's olorks now." "I — no — I havo nothing to do with it, ex- copt thnt idiot Gugo, Wallis's oonfidontial clerk, has been oross-qucstioning mo until I did not know what lio to invont next." ' ' And why should you invent lies, mon ami ?'? " Oh, women, womon, what short-Bightcd fools thoy aro. Thoy novor sco a ditch until thoy hnvo tumbled into it. Don't you know that Stephen Boldorson line! a disastrous money transnotion with Wallis a fow years baok whon I was iu tho office, and tliero is not a ohanco of Wallis over giving his conHont to M. Alnn'H marriago with Ursulu. Ha would soonor sco him dead." "Diou! Poor child, how unhappy sho will be — but liow could I know anything about the matter sinco you told mo nothing. If you made moro of a confidante of mo, Dococq, it would he bettor both for my interests and yours." " I don't sco what advantage it would havo beon to yon to bo told all tho private concerns of this Stephen Boldorson, espeoially as thoy will never matter to you now," suid Dooocq, still from sheer lovo of sccrotivontas withhold ing tho fuot of tho forgory. ' ' It will nover matter ! What do you moan ? What has happened? Is ho dead?" "JuBt as well porhupB for you if ho wore, sinoo he is murricd." Tho orimson oolour rushed to Lucillo's usually white brow, and hor emotion wiis so ' strong that it wus sonic seconds boforo sho could urticu- luto, und thou tho words camo with a sort of gurglo, whioh mudo Dococq fear that sho was going to havo a fit. "Thou — that — was tho — reason you asked for letters — hat of what uao — if — hois murriod?" Thon slio sat down, und shook all ovor with u norvous trembling that was ghastly to witness, tending as it did to somo torriblo rosnlt. Before, howovor, ho had timo to say any thing, or take any stops to abate tho symptoms, tears camo, and her next utterances woro brokon by convulsive weoping. Relieved by this ohango in hor condition, Deeocq was onco moro thoroughly unsympa thetic, ovon contemptuous in munnor. "Did I not say all womon aro fools. Do yon wish mo to understand you really cared about Bolderson ?" ho asked, with a sneer. " If I did not care for him why should I havo wishod to marry him ? Ho has no money, und according to you, thoro iu some shade over his past." " Ho 1ms just booomo tho possessor of a pretty little ostato in England, loft him by a cousin. And aa for his past transgressions no one but Mr. Wallis and mysolf, and perhaps Gago, know anything about them." " Then why havo you told mo that thoro has boon somftthing?" ' "I thought you would liko to havo aweapon in your hand against tlio'man who lias played youfulso." " You are considorato. Yos, ho may live to discovor how torriblo can ho tho vongcunco of a woman scorned. Toll mo what ho has dono?" Deeocq laughed. Ho onjoyod tho idou of war, ospeoiolly of seorot warfare, whioh, if ho had imy voice in tho matter, was what he would endeavour to induco. Ho did not beliovo in opon-heurtcd hatred, it was only tho blow struck in tho dark, thnt wus, he considered, of any uso to tho individual who thrust it. He did not, however, think it well to ontor into dotails, and turnod tho conversation, "Lot 1110 soo tho letters." Sho got up from hor seat, took off hor house hold apron, and wipod lior hands whioh woro covered with flour, and going into hor bedroom, whioh was across tho pussuge, returned with thrco lottors, whioli if not tho only communica tions sho had received from'Stephen Boldorson, wore the only missives which had boon con sidorcd worth kcoping. Dooocq rood thom very oarofully. Thon, as thoy apparently gave him satisfaction, ho guvo omphatio utterance to to tho ono word " Good." \- Luoillo was, however, by no means as satisfied us ho. Sho was terribly disappointed to find tliiit tho man on whom sho hnd sot lior heart wus murricd. Especially sinco ho had coma into a littlo mouoy, and sho doubted whothor the ven geance sho could attain through thoHC lottors would afford hor niucli compensation. . To wound Stoplion Boldorson, through tho woman bo hod married, was hor idou. "Of course, I will send them to hor; it will not bo pleasant reading," she said, when Dccocq had finished tlio perusal. "Bali," was tho sneering oontradiotion, "wo will do something better — threaten him with broach of promise, nnd mako him pay heavily to havo them suppressed." : Lucillo's eyes glistened. Tho idea of coin was consolatory, seeing that she was not ovor- iiurdoncd with it. Yot for all that sho was longing to mako somo attack on tho woman who, alio considorcd, had robbed hor of lior mute. " ICeop the originals, uud do what yon' con, hut surely slio might liavo copies," was hor noxt suggestion. Dccooq laughed. Ho in his astuteness did not fail to seo tho drift of hor petty, vougouueo. "If you lot Mrs. Boldorson soo thoso lottcra yon will sliow your hand too muoh. I do'not suppose ho remembers what ho bus written, and will pay more if ho iH led to boliovo that thoy are moro compromising than thoy. really uro.'.' , " Tlion I ani to do nothing but wait, whilo you munngo the whole affair. You know what Goorgo Suml says, ' Agir est niso ; attend, voilu. oo qu'il y u do plus diffirilo uu moudo.' " . " On tho contrary, thoro ia something whioh you ouglit to do." " Ah." "Write to this nowly mado wifo nnd mother, and toll ' hor of tlio woll-hoing of ., 'la petite Ursulo.-' " " What good will that do ? What iloos alio care for Ursula? Why Interfere with hor? I liko tho girl, niid' lio' pay's for hor hoard and lodging; wliioli is convoniont. ' 'I would ratiior write to him, nnd toll blm wliut a traitorous vuuricn I think him.'.', . " Mv poor Luoillo, I did not think you wore ro hard hit: Lot us compromise. Write to tho wife; toll her ' of tho letters ' wo hold, without quitting thom; it will prepare tho way for my.appearanoo on' tho soona as your agent, but 011 no account forgot, to mako somo ujlnkioii tii your lovo aud dovotion for Ursula." ' " I'oiin't think' why' you will' liavo 'Ursula dragged into the matter 1" " From what I have heard I liavo reason to hriiovo that Stephon Boldorson has novor nibntionod her oxistenco to his now wifo." ! . Luoillo gave a cry of satisfaction. ' ' " And I shall thus bo nblo to givo the stab, rniao tbo first word of dissension hotwoou thom. You are good, Dococq, hotter than I over gave you credit for being." Holuughcd as lie snid, pooketing tho lottors, "I am glad you are learning to trust liie." At this muinent tlio sound of tho piano, which Ursula hud boou playing during his intorvipw, , censed, and tho door of tho salou bpoiiod. "Not a word boforo her," said Dooooq hurriedly. " Write tho letter, hut lot mo ioo it boforo you sond it." ,, ! " All ! M. Dococq, I am glad you havo ooino," and the girl hold out her hand to him with as muoh confideuoo as if ho had been worthy of hor consideration." ' ' " And ho accepted hor wolcomo with kindly pleasant words ; whilo Lucillo, miikiug a of whioh Dccocq condescended to pnrtuko ; although, as a rulo, I10 preferred the more ""ociilontfuio provided in tho large city i " ' ' ' , ' '' ;! ;' ' ' "A'.r 