CHRISTIAN L0VS. [By Chables Gobb, M.A., Canon of West minster.] ' God is love ; and he that abideth in love abideth in God, anil God abideth in him.'— 1 John iv., 16. St. John is, as we all know, the Apostle of love. He had been in the inner circle of Jesus of - Nazareth. There he had watched that perfect human character, that character which re sponded to every ideal of his heart in the per feotion of its human love. Gradually he had learned the mysterious secret that that human character was not only human, it was also truly and really the revelation of the Divine character. Man is so rarely made in the image of God that God can rarely manifest and reveal His character -under the form of a human character without thereby degrading it or spoiling the manifestation. And St. John had learned it. God is love, that which is behind all, which has created and sus tained all, that from which all proceeds and to which all shall return, is love, so simple as that it can be expressed in a human character and nature, in which all should recognise that familiar quality which draws out and attracts all that is best in them. And St. John drew the corollary : if God is love, then where love is God must be — ' He that abideth in love abideth m God, and God in him.' It must be so, because there can be no obstacle to the fellowship of man and God except incom patibility of character and temper, and where love is, that incompatibility is gone; where love is God must be. St. John indeed does not contemplate that Christian . love in its true character should be alienated from Christian faith. But if that has occurred in our time, surely we must say that a great part of the bkine has lain with the proclamation of the faith. And St. John reiterates so often that where love is God is, that we can certainly press his words. Wliere love is God is, and we must add God shall at last be known, for where true fellow ship is there must follow true knowledge. WJjo has the truth of the love shall certainly have the reality of the vision ! And St. John therefore would have us assure our consciences, and the consciences of other men, that iu spite of minor transgressions and failures, in spite of sins and errors from wliich we can never iu this life free our human nature, where the reality of the love of our fellow men is there is the assurance of peace with God. But St. John is, of all men. eminently practical ; therefore, he has a pro found dread of hypocrisy. What is the use of high language when there is nothing or little corresponding to it in action and conduct ? He had in his own day a greal deal of special reason why he should be afraid of this .sort of. hypocrisy. There waB sweep ing over the western world, and not least over Asia Minor, where St. John was writing, a great wave of oriental speculation, It is known in history as the rise of Gnosticism, and this was the characteristic of the Gnostic school in all its different phrases. There was very high talk, but very little corresponding to it in practical aud beneficent action. Again and again St. John in this epistle presses home upon those to whom he writes the practical tests which they must be con tinually applying to their love or their asser tions of love. -rFirst, it is, that no man has a right to say that he loves God until he is found in fact to be loving his fellow men. For love goes out primarily and naturally to 'that-, which it sees, and if a man love not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen ? And once again, we may talk high things about the love of man, and it may be hypocrisy. For St. John says the test of the reality of our love of men is whether we are prepared to love this and that particular man, and to show pur love 'by giving him those lower and ordinary necessaries of life out of our suf ficiency. rtHe that hath this world's goods and seeth his brother have need and shutteth up his bowels or heart of compassion against him, how dwellcth the love of God in him?' Once more, St. John is afraid, continually afraid, of the language of Christian love degenerating , into routine. The religion of one age becomes the superstition and the for malism of the next, so St. John presses it home. Some seventy years almost had elapsed since the day that our Lord gave that new commandment in the upper chamber at Jeru salem ; it was by this time an old command ment; 'An old commandment,' St. John says, 'it is that Iain writing unto you. The old commandment is this word about loving one another which you have heard from the beginning, but again it is a new commandment that I am writing unto you, because the darkness is.p.ist and the true light is now shining.' St. John Baw around him the dawn ing of a new world. As the opportunity was -new and vast, so new and searching was tho demand made upon Christians to reapply that old commandment. It is very easy to Bee in some detail -how this ^application had been already in the light of Christians con tinually demanded. You know that picture which wins our whole heart, which we wet ia the AcJb pf the Apnetlea, erf ths idVe of the first ChriBttena when they* iiftd all thmgs oomtnnb. Yea, it is a beaonful picture of how Christianity skowa ifeelf in practical life. But, »f ter all, the difficult** of 'its application were- hardly y»t- beginning to: be felt;, it was like the begmnaas' of (Some movement in the monastic fife. There was a band of Christians, all Jews together, with common traditions and common habite; they were expecting the immediate coming of the Christ, they were in a state of high en thusiasm, and in that state of enthuwaeai they found it easy to apply anwog themselves, in its completeness aod. simplicity, that- lair of iove. It is but a very little while,: and these Jerusalem Christians are con fronted with the requirement which they bad not yet faced, -a fcquioe ment which went against all their, {jrejudicee, to admit into the fellowship of equal love a» Christian brethren Gentiles who had not by circumcision become Jews. And it was these very men, these Jerusalem Christians, who under one Bet of circumBtanceB had shown their enthusiastic readiness for the law of love, who now were the very centre whence pro ceeded all that Judaietie narrowneus, that re pudiation of the new application of the law of love. It was an old commandant, but it had become a new commaadment. Or when St. Paul wrote to Philemon, and bade him take back that runaway slave, Onesimus— no longer a slave, but now as a Christian, as a brother be loved— he knew that he would be lying on Philemon what would be in that state of society a great strain upon his conscience; it was hard to recognise the old law in its new application — ' There shall be neither Jew nor Greek, there shall be neither bond nor free.' There is good reason, then, why St. John, now that he has left that old Jewish world behind him, now that he has passed so far from Jerusalem and the traditions of his childhood, and has passed to Ephesus with Greeks and Syrians all round about him, with the conditions of a new world dawning upon him shouid press home upon the Christians that that already old commandment, tried in the experience of the past, a thing- which was true in their Master and in them, was still for them a new commandment which would put a new strain upon them in its new application. Now, brethren, this doctrine about love is what we pre-eminently need to-day, both in its positive aspect and in the tests and warn ings which St. John applies to it. We need it in its positive aspect ; we peed to believe, and from our hearts, that it is in love that true Christianity consists. Let us put it simply into words. Let us say it to ourselves. A man may be orthodox aud believe ail the articles of the Christian tx-eed, and yet not nave begun to understand the meaning of the regenerate life. If you confess God the Father and deny the corollary of human sonship and brotherhood; or confess Jesus Christ, Son of God and Son of Man, and then neglect the attitude which flows from it towards your brother men and His; or believe in the Holy Ghost, and forget that He is nothing else in the world but the Spirit of Love— that sort of orthodoxy is a profession in name which has no reality. Or, again, a man may be regular in his religious duty, in his churehgoing, aim! still not have begun to enter into the understanding of true Christianity. That is the lesson which our Lord inculcated upon the Pharisee — you may degrade religion into routine, you may take pride in the out ward performance of *its duties, and the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of heaven before such. Or, once again, wt- may be receivers of the sacrament, and yet have not begun to under stand true Christianity, because what is it to receive into ourselves these sacred symbols, symbols which also contain and communicate to us the divine life, if, receiving it, we do not appropriate it and use it and exhibit it in the outward acts and realities of our conimon life ? Or, once again, and for the last time, a man may be anxiously seeking his own salva tion, and yet have attained to hardly any understanding of the God whom he so anxiously serves, because spiritual selfish ness, as much as selfishness in worldly things, is wholly alieu to the character of God, who is love ! True Christianity begins and ends there where real selfsacrific ing love begins and ends. It is our profound comfort to believe this, and to recognise it in a world which has in so many respects got into sucb confusiou in regard to its belief. Again aud again we are met by some instance of bitterness, cruelty, malice, narrowness, hardness in the world. The whole world, we say with St. John, lieth in wickedness ; but, if I may say eo, we cannot go round the corner of the street without being confronted again— and very, often . where we should least expect it— with some questions to match the contrary, some instance of unselfislmess and love and work and suffering for others, and our heart ib reassured, and we say the Divine life is still in the world and is stiil at work ; il is there, it has not left us. At any moment the sufferings and needs of men may open their eyes to wherein their true life exists. We need a positive doctrine, but we need also the warnings of St. John, because we are in an age of many words, and there is at all times, and not least now, a danger that there should be high talk without any proportionate correspondence in real action. For this word love or charity has been beyond almost all other words parodied and degraded. Perhaps there has been some instance of ecclesiastical narrowness or dogmatic _ hardness — let us suppose the instance is a real one — but how often do we have set against it something that by contrast is called charity, which, when you examine 'it, is nothing really at all but a tolerance of that cheap sort which is made easy, because in him who feck it there is no real appreciation of the value of truth, or any real hatred of error or of evil 1 There is nothing cheaper than that so-called charity. Or take another instance. Among those who are seriously trying to help the material and social condition of their fallow-men, charity has become almost a by-word for what is in effective and harmful. Indiscriminate charity — that giving^ of the penny or the shilling or the fpouud in the subscription-list because there is immediately under our eyes something which appeals to our feelings, or because we are pressed to give ; that sort of indiscriminate charity which hae been proved, proved by all the seriousness of investigation that can be given to it, does harm and not good. There is, indeed, in the New Testament language which sounds like a commendation of ludis criminate giving, as in St. John's epistle ; but, mark you, the apostles are speaking of charity, of giving among Christians. To be a Christian in those days supplied exactly that condition which makes the free and easy giving from ofieto another possible aud right— that is, they ~-'ZZ _. mm. ? ^kTfc^l 'A I . had entered intp a jsociety the entranoe intfflflS which. 6tiU inv^^ awritics ^-^plip|^ipgg and therefore tltey^ -wfit-^me OTth^Wr?J§|i brotherhood: of cChristiMiitjr stamped .-^pim^^m him, came as a tnnn who in almost ./all'oalBBB^^S was regarded Aft trustworthy. It wasiipti8&:5|£3 with us as with tie early Cumtiana. * It Is of?- '|S a charity beyond that; .jrflfout thoBe'-obni^?^ ditions, that one of the first Christian writers ^;|i eays— 'Let thine arm sweat into -thine hand' ^{If| until thou knoweetto whom thou givfeSt.' For .'?v;:S| this ia4W*ain1y-iiaPu& ' ' ' ' \ . ,? ;-.; .*? . ~.V\f|| Trne Christian love— love whick . jBlikfl*- |^ God'* love— e«a never 1» Eoniettuog which ' ???rM satisfies merely on* emotion and feeiiags ctf H | the moment. 1% must be eomeiJmw which ;^g involves th»ughV consideration, which Is the : -'^ movement of the whole man, which goes out X?i| in & prolonged and thoughtful effort to do . ': ? ?.! substantial and permanent good, We need, \;g then, to cross-examine the character ;of . -;if our lore, and we need to cross-examine: ;;-Af3 it ae to whether the phrases and con-' - 1^ difckms of the past are not passing -'}-'M into conditions where the/ need altogether ;.C. -r^M to be remodelled and sometimes reversed. The- , '??;:! feudal relation, aa you might have seen it in ; :':?S the country very generally existing not very il| long ago— the relation of squire and parson J3 and peasantry was, when you got good ex- S amples of it, altogether a beautiful and .attxac- - '.-^ tiye thing. It subsists still in the country, and -iy will probably more or less long subsist ; but ^ it has vanished altogether, and I sup- -^ pose, for ever, fn the towns. Another ideal -i'gj has taken its place, other phrases are in j; men's mouths; they .are the phrases '% of brotherhood. Brotherhood means, I sup- i'S pose, broadly something of this kind ; that :'Q each man, as he is born into the world, has ?-' something of a right to those conditions of life ? ?-'; ' which enable him to have a fair chance to . \^ make the best of the faculties which God has Si given him. We walk about our town, and 7 '% everywhere there meets us what con* ~Yf tradicts plainly any ideal of this kino. ' ?''''?- The contrast is so obvious that it appeals to us V' continuously. Of late years it has been con- ?/''? tinually represented to our imagination ; jwe :! have had the bitter cry of this and that and :': the other brought before us.- But the question ^ is whether at all proportionately to what we ' '^ have seen in literature, to what we have heard \ in talk, there has been any moral, -effort, '. 3 any adequate or proportionate moral r; effort, whether we are at all recognising ':?:.'* broadly as Christians that this is one of '::: those situations where the old commandmenb ;,:-i becomes a new commandment, and demands ^ ' -:;: altogether a new effort of the will and heart i and thought of Christians to meet and respond . V'1 to it. In how many cases has the ouly resulb . ^ been a certain amount of reading, a certain' ^-', amount of emotional pity, aud a certain ' :v amount of criticism of the men who are more -^ or less continuously engaged in trying to stem ' ?-: the evil, to remedy it, to bring about a better '* Si state of tbingB? '» We have not yet begun to realise, most of V. us, what is realiy meant by Christian alms- '^ giving. I say it in all seriousness. I believe I am not speaking one exaggerated word. . ~: Christian almsgiving does not begin till the , ', giving of money is continuous and gyste- . '\ matic and unsolicited, and until the ; expenditure has become such as really reduces the scale of what otherwise we ' '. might spend on our own comfort, luxury, and ±v: enjoyment. Christian almsgiving does not '; begin till that point where it involves real self- ? denial. This principle requires application, of ; - course, in infinite detail, to all the great varieties of income and the claims upon them ; . it can be applied by each one properly only for ';i himself ; but I am sure that it is not generally those whose incomes are narrowest who are '. most inclined to ignore what this means. ? I have tried simply to present to you some- ' -v' thing of the great meaning of the law of love. ' ^ HewliowiU try to enlist his whole being in_ -..-? the service of this law of love will have beyond =.y| all question his labor, his struggle, his pains, ?'' *0 his disappointments. There » *\Btory Iot; ': f&ri; Frederick Deuison Maurice which, .niav ?- ,-vS give point to my words.. He was stand- 'i ing opposite one of those pictures of -| St. John the Evangelist, one of those '* innumerable pictures in which the painter has . ?-? chosen to represent the Apostle of Love as a . $f young and smooth -looking emotional person, - :'^ effeminate and soft and ecstatic in his de- ~y meauor. It is, indeed, a marvel how the thick- '??'?? handed fisherman, tho son of thunder, disci- ;? □lined by suffering I into the Apostle of ?'' Love, could ever have been so . repre- ~:i seuted by the imagination of the painter, .'','* and Maurice stood opposite that picture 'b and groaned, and then he said, 'He would not ''- have been like that ; he would have been '???, scarred and furrowed.' And he to whom he :? was speaking, looked .at Maurice and said, ? ]Z ' I saw his face, and it was as he described: 'J it was scarred and furrowed, because he had | learned to love.' So it will be, breth ron, and Jjg the reward is that one reward — fellowship with v$ the life of God ! j% 