THE TURF. Tn connection with tho A.E.G. Grand National meeting there was a fair amount of betting during the afternoon of Tuesday. All the money in the market was taken about tho double Black Flag and Rorke's Drift for j the Hurdles and Steeple, commencing at liJO's to 1 and finishing at 100's to 3. Black Flag and All Fours was back; d for a fair amount at the same price. These wore the principal picks. Simulator has broken down, as lie lias not accepted. Elusinian, the St. Leonards candidate for J the Derby, who was supposed to have a good show for his Y.R.C. engagement, lias, it is reported, sprung a curb, and will be incapaci tated for seme time to come. He has been an absentee from the training track fur some days since. The Port Augusta and Flinders Jockey Giub lias f<uwarded £2 lis. to the Distressed and Disabled .Jockeys' Fund from totalizator fractions received at their winter meeting. The committee of that club also allotted £3 3s. each to George Young and L. Joskin (jockeys), who met with accidents at that meeting. At a committee meeting of tho A.K.O., held j j on Tuesday, the following officials were ap pointed Stewards, .Messrs. K. W. Ellis, If. \V. Yarloy, S. J. Jacobs, T. BarnlieM, J. H. How, D. James, W. Nieholls, if. Bickford, A. D. liandyside, JL.P., and John Bile ; judge, John Barker, Esq.; starter. Air. Fred Cornelius; handieapper, Mr. Henry Hughes; oliicial timekeeper, Air. William .Gordon: honorary surgeons, Drs. Cawley and J. A. G. Hamilton; clerk of tho scales, Air. II. II. Ban-; clerk of the course, Air. John Held. Tenders are to be advertised in Thursday I and Friday's dailies for the right of catering, ■*■<• for the twelve mouths, lenders 1 be received up till I p.m. on Friday at the ollice of the club. The committee of the Bore Augusta and Flinders Jockey Club have allotted the totali zator fractions of their late race meeting as follows:—G.Young and L. Howell, who met with accidents during the meeting, £3 3s. each: the Distressed and Disabled J oekey Fund, £2 2s.: and the Bort Augusta Benevolent Society, £8 bs. Ad.; total, £10 14s. 3d. Tilings are livening up very much on the 01(1 Course as the near approach of the Grand National meeting comes round. Playboy was the first out on Tuesday morning, and lie ac complished throe turns at a useful pace, spurt ing homo a few furlongs. Carmelite per formed two rounds at a useful gait. Lord Grenvillo did not go beyond half-pace. Juliet ran her last two miles in 4 mill. 15 sec., and the round in 2 mill. 3.1 sec. Firelock spurted a couple of furlongs. Yvahino and Dick Wiiit tington had a go over six furlongs, run in 1 mm. I'd sec., with the marc in front. Helena ran once round in 1 min. 531 see., tho middle five furlongs in 1 min. 8;,: sec.; she tired very much at tiie finish. Conscript and Gipsy Queen were out for a mile and a half, run in 2 lain. 571 sec. Do la Yolta got to the end of six furlongs, run in 1 mill, lily see. Confidence got over four miles at a medium pace. Barter did good exercise. Commotion ran along at half and three parts pace. All Fours and Angler did good sound work over three turns, the last mile taking 1 min. 5S'£ see.; the mare went well. Haveloek performed long pacing, running home the last round in 2 min. 5 see. The Eoyaliso and Dianthus got to the end of a mile in fair time. Jack Sprat accomplished serviceable work over a distance, the last circle occupying 2 min. 2.V see. Strike was going along at a useful pace. Recoup and Regent ran along for a mile, tlie_ lastiiauied giving the former 110 show, the mile taking 1 min. 5*J sec. Radiant and Gaillardia were companions over three circuits, the round being done in 2 min. 41 sec., finishing together. Bombastic performed good work. Simple .Jim negotiated three circles at a medium pace. Kiugfish worked steady. Cigarette got to the end of six furlongs in 1 min. 24.1 see. Baruuga did not Sir George did "long strong work with a good nd in 2 i serviceable once round in 2 niiu. 7 see. Trotft was restricted to a good working gallop, with no attempt at time-making. Kirkby after trotting twice round the reverse way on the cinders jumped off and ran along for a mile, coining home the last seven furlongs m 1 min. 3!ii see. Longbow ran along for a mile in 1 min. 47:1 sec. Home Rule did useful work. The Ghost did his usual morning's slow work. If this horse is to have a chance in the steeple chase it is time "lie showed us a gallop. Count was restricted to three rounds at half-pace. Ring wood performed fair work over two miles. .Tackeroo did useful work pacing. Snowdrift and Isinglass ran round the last of three in 2 min. 0 sec. Union Jack was trot ting, and First Master performed over a mile, the last six furlongs in 1 min. 25 see. Fund did not go beyond three-parts pace, and Conventioner negotiated a circle hi 2 min. 3 see. Orb did steady pacing. Xase and Electric ran along for a mile, the last six,furlongs in 1 min. 2(5 see. . Electric pulled off after going five furlongs. Eaglehawk went along at a useful pace. Consequence did good work over a distance. Doubloon was on the course; lie did not work. At Morphettville Nackara, Floodbird, and Swithiu performed a good useful round, and Angl o-Saxou got to the end of five furlongs, run in 1 min. 10 see. Concussion, Surefoot, and Duke of Richmond did medium pacing. Scutum and Security only did slow work over three rounds. Rose Park was cantering, and Rosedale made fair time negotiating a mile. Ensign periormed over a distance at a strong pace. Miracium, Thunder Queen, and Port Admiral did long steady work, and Re spond and Fleet Admiral were restricted to long slow work. The Golden King was given a couple of rounds over the schooling hurdles and acquitted liiraself very well. Supposition, Foliage, and Nomadic did steady pacing over three times round, and Jack Tar spurted over half a mile. Piteiiery performed useful work, and Diadem and Trent-alto were doing fair exercise over a few furlongs. The Idler did not go fast. Hear Hear was even time running over a mile, and Alveary got to the end of half a mile in "55 sec. Thun derer and Wrangler only went slow. Danbydale performed over a circle at about liaif naee, and Blodwen and Princess of Wales wme sent along over a mile and a quarter, run in 2 min. 301- sec. Doric did useful pacing over three turns. Broken Hill was doing good work over a distance. Ivier maid and Elusinian went three turns at a medium naee, and Dalesman did good work over a few furlongs. Bluff ran along for half a mile, and Lord Salisbury and Taiiesin ran along for half a mile at the back of the course, not making any time. 