PARTING WORDS. FAREWELL 'SERMONS BY MR. THWAITES. On Sunday the Rev. Rolert Thwaitas, the retiring vicar of S. John's, Horsham, preached his farewell sermons, and not withstanding the extrcmq heat of the day there were large and at tcetive congregations, inoluding representatives of all denomina tions, who desited by their presence to. indicate the general esteem in which he is held. In the morning Mir. Thwaites based an able discourse upon the 20th and 21st verses of the general epistle of Jude " But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, prayiug in the Holy Ghost. Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." In the evening he took for his text.Acts xx. and.32nd .verse, "And. now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you tp an inheritance among all them.which are sanctified." He wished to express his taunks. for the large con gregation with which rn that excessively hot night, and at the close of a week of heat unparalleled in his experience of the Wim mera, he was met. That was probably the last service they would hold together and he would ill repay their kindness in attend ing in such large numbers were he to detain them with a sermon of any length. He had, therefore, abandoned the sermon he had briginally Intendetdito preach, as imposslle of delivery under the -atmospheric con ditions, and would make a few remarks on the words he had read. Those words were part of Paul's farewell to the church at Epiesus. Paul had been led fromjEphesus by the finger of God, and in so far there was, the preacher urged, a parallel between the cloeing of 'the Apostle's ministry and the closing of his own. He had by no means ougiht the preferment which necessitated his removal from Horsham; indeed no man could htve been more astonished than him. self at his nomination and appointment to St. Arnaud. He could not but regard it as a great proof of the confidence of his bishop that he should have Leen chosen to carry on the work of so gifted a mantt as r. Allanson, vho they would all remember as the devoted missioner of some three years back.He had not desired to leave Horshain, and he was pleased that the congregation and himself should be parting as happily as they were. The parting between a pastor and his con gregation was not always of the character of the present. At timnes there arose between the minister and the congregation dif erences of opinion as to the manrer of the conduct of divine service that made it desirable that there shauld boa severance. No such differences had arisen in their case. When he first came to the parish there were many changes he wished to in troduce. The principal of these were the removal of tihe choir from the west end of the church to the chancel. There were several of the parishioners whro did not approve of that change. They gener ously recognised, however, that he was acting in the best interests of the congre gation and sacrificed their own feelings to what appeared to be desirab!e in the in terests of Sthe majority. It had bleen so with all other changes he had proposed, and he had to thank the congregation for the entire confidence they had reposed in him, and for the co-operation they had at all times so generously accorded him. In some parishes in which the clergyman and his people were agreed on points of theology anid ritual, social troubles arose and made it desirable that there should be a parting. There hal been nothing of that kind at Horsham. They had indeed been busily engaged in pulling down little divisional walls, and now, as we was told by old parishioners, ilea congregation was more entirely and more heartily one than it had been for many years past. Certainly be could say that between pastor and people there had during his incumbency baen noth. ing but the most cordial relations. He had been called by the bishop to a larger sphere of usefulness and to more important work. That was the kind of thing a man looked for as he had advanced in life, and there fore he had accepted the proferred prefer ment. Yet he was most sorry to leave the parish and it was with thedeepestregret that he parted with many warm personal friends in it. Whilst, however, the sWorkers might come and go the work of God itself re mained. He thanked God that like St. Paul he could commend them to Him and to the word of His grace, which was able to build them up. There were'msny in the con gregation whose spiritual careers he had watched with much thankfulness, observing their nearer approach to God, their more re gular and devout attendance at public wor ship, their greater heartiness at the ser vices anvd their increased holiness of life. He could look confidently for their spiritual progress through the strengthof Him to whom hecommended them and who wouldbe always faithful to His promises of assistance and support. He commended them to God the Father, to God the Saviour,to God the Holy Spirit-to the Triune God. He commended them also to the word of God, in which, as their church taught, were contained all things necessary to salvation. lie exhorted them to be earnest in their consideration of the word both as read and preached by him who had been appointed by the chief pastor as their minister. It was in the power of a congregation to make or mars ministry. If they attended regularly and interestedly upon the ministry and prayed for it they might expect it to becdme abun dantly fruitful to them; but if, on the other hand, they were careless and prayerless in regard to it lite ministry, however fruit ful to others, would be barren to them. The church as a whole could not shine unless each individual was illumined by the word and the Spirit of God. Each member of the congregation, therefore, had a responsi bility not only in relation to himself, but in respect of the body of which he was a mem ber, He besought them to do their best to make the ministry of the incoming vicar, Mir. Bentley, a power for good in the parish. ThLen awould his heart's deoire be fulfilled; for, as hie called God to witness, hIis desire was that that of his successor should be the most powerful, the most fruitful, the 'most popnlir and accptable ininistry there had 'ever been in thie parisli. He could truly say that hIis. wish was tham his eneoessior shotild incireas, aind "tiat he' should decrease. In the afternoon Mr. Thwaites visited the Longereanog Agrieultural College to say good-bye to tile 'studenti. Blefore he left a Ihearty vote of thanks was unanimously passed by the lads for the regular and acceptable services -that.he had'conducted at :the 'college during his residence in Hor .sham. : a. ' . ; .blie Florence Blair, whose charming articles contrilbuted under the nom de plume of A Victorian Girl, have been so widely read, is engaged . with - her; sister, Mliss Lillian Blair, in writing an np-to-date book. The largest assortment of Vatchea,Clocks and Jewellery in the district it W. BACK's. Prices to suit the times.-AnvT. A constable has found the bodyof a child, believed to have been there three days, in a water tank, 40 feet below ground, at ieulah. The ease looks like one of child murder and Elizabeth Adams, a domestic servant, has been arrested on suaspicion. - . Two hundred and fifty totie of battir were shabipped to Loadon by the Paramatta on Saturday. The dryness of the weather is greatly affecting the butter output. ,As a slight set off against the diminished quality better prices are being realised than were obtainable in England 12 months ago. , Just Arrived-A splendid ussortment,oa Electro-plate, suitable for presents, at moderate prices.--W. SACK, Jeweller, HIoraham.-Advt. An extensive bush fire in the neighbor hood of .Gundagai, N.S.W., has done thousands of pounds worth of damage. Woolshede, outbuildings and fences have been burnt, sheep have been killed by hundreds, and thousands of acres of grass have disappeared. " CIEAIS?ADDI)I:S AT A. AtIxorr'N-A splcu. lid asesortment to choose from corsisting of Qt.eensland, South Australian and Victorian horscblcakers. Stock, park, racing and boy's saddles, also harness for milk carts :and a large stock of General Saddlery and Harness A. Arnott it'a caylh buyer of horeehair. ,'\ds't 