THE WiDE WORLD. Tlie district tribunal of Kazan, silt-, ting temporarily in the town of htama tiysh,- has, by a final verdict of jatqult- tol, closed the proceedings, extending, over aiieriod of four ya& In Die hose? "of Die seven persons accused of having' murdered, by decapitation, a peasant named: Kouon Mativnninei Their .ob ject was stated to be to offer a sacri tice to idols, the worship of which, min gled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The body of the victim was found lying by tpc roadside near the village bf Staraia-Ktqultnna ' on 18th May, 1882. The accused persons are inhabitants of that -village, -and -the manner in which the murder was committed correspond ed exactly to the customs of the pagan gacrificersr There were in the first -in stance II persons charged, but three bnve been acquitted since the opening of the prosecution, and one has since died. "Light" publishes a story of a famous preacher in America which is probably true. It contains at least a good deal of truth. The question "Where is Heaven?" was put to Sam Jones by one of his wealthy church members in Geor gia, whose cotton crop yielded him some 20,000do)s. the last year. " "Where is heaven?" said the rich planter. "Til tell you where heaven is," said Mr Jones, "If you will go down to the village and 'buy fifty dollars' worth of groceries, put them in a .waggon, and take them to that poor widow on the hi!!side,who has three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member of the church. ' Take with you a nurse, and someone to cook their meals. When you .get there, read the Twenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then you will find out where heaven Is." The popularity of swimming eus a re creation for women has made amazing .strides during the past few years, and somc of the most enthusiastic votaries o,f the pastime are to be found among tbe Royal Families of Europe. The Em press of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest of all amateur lady swimmers, and has been known to perform some remarkable natatory tricks. All the princesses of the Austrian reigning family are good swimmers. Our own Queen and all her daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of tlie waiter. The German Empress and the sisters of the Emperor are fine swimmers, and so is 'the Queen-Regent of Spain, who excels in all manner of .feats In tlie water. A man mimed Moire, nil enajuoHer, who had appealed against a sentence of two years imprisonment passed on hiin lor cutting off children's cars, was tried again in Furis. He had nothing lew tliau a lunula for depriving child ren of their oars. His war of proceed ing was if he saw a lioy in a lonely place, to go up to him and say. "What's Luc matter with your oar? It's bleed ing Just let ine see it." Then taking hold of the cor he cut as much of it off as he could with a razor that lie car ried in his coat sleeve. .Sometimes he .siiipiUated only Ilie loiie. hut lie was able to carry off six ears from as many different heads. Ho operated iu the broad daylight. The Tribunal added throe yeais to the original sentence. Maim expressed astonishment at the judge's severity. 4 A new calling has been brought into existence by ghosts and Mahalmas— chiefly the former— as the latter always fight among themselves, and Initiate the public into their mysteries by family quarrels. With reference to the story of the haunted house at Peterborough, a gentleman who calls himself A Haunted House Expert.' expresses his readiness to clear that particular building, or any other, of all the spirits which may be therein quick er than lightning. He says he has been honored with the patronage of tbe no bility and geutry of various countries, aud lias been successful in extirpating some of the oldest ghosts in the king dom. A "ghost -killer" must be quite a elm nn jug and pleasant occupation. Some details ave to hand of tlie wed ding of Khama, the bare fact of which was announced some time ago. The ce- i-omony was performed at Palapye by Mr VTHloug'hby, the missionary who came to England with him. The Chief had gained sufficient insight ino the ways of his country to know how a func tion of this character should be carried cut. He appeared at the altar dressed in a frock -coat and light trousers and a white tic; while his bride, a. young woman of about twenty, wore aV/hite satin, with a tulle veil and orange blos soms. Afterwards the guests met at the house of the missionar.v, where the oc casion was becomingly celebrated, the chief attraction being a great wedding cake. The wedding ceremony took place at the abnormally early hour of nine o'clock. The cycling mania' at Berlin has just reached the schorcher stage, and com plaints are made on every side to the paternal government to stop, oh stop! the cyclists in their mad course. OnJy a few "radler" have reached the emi nent position wherein, for their "beauti fully slow" riding, they are praised by one and all, and held up as examples in tlie newspapers. As to lady cyclists in German, the South is, as usual, far ahead of the North, and, while at Frank fort, Munchen. and all the other large towns in the South, the woman-cyclist is in no way molested by having an undue, amount of public attention paid to licr, she is still the laughing-stock of Berlin, and very far' from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Bicycilia. But then, what can be expected in a town like Berlin, where no woman is allowed to ride oh the top of an omni bus? A pleasing incident, in which liis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales played a prominent part, oc curred on the Oaks Day at Epn'om. Ar. intelligent little fellow, who could not have been more than eight or nine years old, was hoisted up in front of the -Royal enclosure, and on a large sketch block, with a piece of crayon, lie produced striking portraits of such celebrities as the Queen, the Prince of 'Wales, the Marquis of Salisbury, and others with marvellous rapidity. A large audience of well-known patrons '-of the Turf quickly gathered round, and showed their appreciation of the child's abilities by a shower, of shillings. The Prince, wbd 'had witnessed the perform- ;ance from a distance, was so delighted with th? child, that he smilingly came forward and gave him a' sovereign, amid 'loiid cheers. The boy raised his cap 1n .'response to the Prince's generosity, the .tiell rang, the officers of tbe law pressed Jforwaud and shouted " Cleat- the course!" and the young, artist was car-, ric-d away with the 'riir.opg. Living oyters, have, been known to ?tra.p xhiee on board Grimsby smacks, but t perhaps the. case, bt, an. oyster which 'caiight three .mice' at -one snap, as 're- co'fa ed by Mr W H/Marris, of . Grimsby, rie the most fremarkabTe'bn record;' The .oyster had .beep' rdacgd.on'.a pantry floor ' and opened Its shell in the night. Three Jfiilly mice, ' smelling something to eat. popped Abelr heads into the shell, and tbe fiyEter. -resenting the intrusion, has tily closed upon ail three, and choked them to death. 