To the Point. A SYDNEYSIDE Parliamentary Committee has brought in a most valuable recommendation on the subject of Old Age Pensions The committee recommend that an Old Age Pension of 10s. per week for single persons, or 18s. for married couples, should be granted to every person (male or female) above tlie age of 60 years, who has been 18 years in the country, and whose income does not exceed £50 per annum. Holding that a man or woman, who has assisted to develop the resources of the country, and has paid taxes for 18 yeais, is just as deserving of a pension as a soldier or sailor in the service of the State They recommend that the pension should be granted as a free gift, and as " a right, not as a pauper dole," without contributions from the recipient. They urge that " some " of the causes of poverty should be made to assist in the alleviation of distress in old age." They recommend appropriations from the following :— Profits of a legalised totalisator, billiard licenses, fines for drunkenness, and breaches of the Licensing Act, an entertainment and sports' tax of Id. per ticket, a donation from the revenue on wines, spirits, tobacco, opium and cigars. ' The FREE LANCE agrees with the pensions, but not with the «' entertainment tax." PREMIER KHID'S statement as to why the tender of Messrs. H. MACKENZIE and SON, of Victoria, for the erection of a bridge at Gundagai was not accepted by the Government, although it was the lowest, is too thin, and it won't wash, as DUNCAN 'GILLIES would say. There is no question 'of Victorian rights involved. Victoria has no Sydney side rights. It is merely a question of consistency. REID says:—LYNE :seems to think that this is an infraction of the principle of free trade. It is nothing of the kind. Free trade means free choice. We had free choice in the case under, notice, and we exercised it. That is absolutely consistent with every principle of free trade. The out-and-out free trader " buys in the cheapest and sells in the dearest market." KEID simply does not dare to carry out free-trade principles. THINGS are lively in the telephone business. Queensland Government have decided to completely reconstruct the telephone system of Brisbane, and have ordered all the necesBary material for the new up-to-date installation. A metallic circuit will be substituted for- the present earth return circuit, overhead wires will be abolished, and the underground system substituted. The new installation will cost <£20,-000. Sydney, has most successfully reduced the telephone rates; ;to a, low figure. Melbourne is conducting scientific enquiries into high-kicking.. THE whole of the Victorian press is makings frantic efforts to stop the exodus to Westralia. The two great Melbourne •dailies have, for the time, more than halfsunk "their political amenities, and,, save for the ARGWS personal splpnetic atfeckW DEAKIN, -would be almost friends. The AGE has been terribly outspoken about the value—or want of it, rather—of the vWestralia gold -fields, and the. ARGUS has partly followed the track .of its .greater contemporary. But the people still go by the ship^ad, and it does seem a satire on past Governments, and more especially the present Ministry of mediocrities, that Melbourne is largely, living on the money that flows hither from South Africa and the West. BIGGINS has been successful in getting a Royal Commission to enquire into the cheapening of law—and if the Government has the pluck to exclude judges from membership, some good may be achieved. " The law is a Bort of hocuis-pocus science, that smiles in yer face while : it picks yer pocket; and the glorious uncertainty of it is of mair use to the pi ofissors than the justice of it." This quotation (the FREE LANCB got it out of a shilling dictionary) has been true lone enough, and""will continue so long enough. No one knows the law-but.no one-can plead ignorance of the law. It has often enough been advocated that Australia should codify the law—following the example of Europe, Codes secure a startling point for ravening precedents, and defy the legal ghouls and ghosts from materialising from the cemeteries of ancient law. Codes will be a topic fpr the Law Commission. , : - —o—~r~ , TBENwiTa j3 very- much missed from: the Labor ©orhpr, ind the sooner -fae-zefcunis the better. "-EaistS week HANCOCK and? PEENDEfteisT %-oke out - in schoolboy' fashiony^gainst the Government they, are supposed to'support. HANCOCK is. fat enough to be more amiable. .PBENPEUGAST is clever ^^ough to.^kiio w better. Tee^ WITH; W05M; h a v e - l i snifj) spite of.these /if^liaca tW. f tirA^ fellows,land fallnnra tnm^ the sooniii: * ^ Parii hand how. - Through <^lihi;he Assembly, ^eho.ws how hard at . SUFEKFT ;gte. HANCOCK, ^^bil|rd|y jealousipf- 1 _whHe'®ftiiig ^/opposing.the 'J^ter -and .better' men to be —-I'o-- IN amending the Constitution Act, the Victoria Government proposes to abolish " the ratepayers' roll "—so that everybody shall have to personally take out a right to vote. It happens that the "ratepayer's roll" now provides the bulk of the electors —the process being automatic, and not involving any trouble to the men interested, The proposal is give the "ratepayers" trouble because the others have trouble in taking out rights. The better way would be, if possible, to make the process automatic for everybody. If this cannot be : done, the . , „ ,, • . . maintenance of the present system will not do much harm. m . ' — W h i l s THB Australian Co-operative Society of w i 4-u 4- XT jlu -D- U a • Elizabeth-street, North Richmond, is one of the many industrial movements for the benefit of the working classes of .^hich Dr. STRONG IS the chief promoter. The company was started to alleviate sweating m the baking trade-a business in whick sweating in .its worst form is paramount. In what are termed one-horse bakeries, it was no unusual thing for a man to have to sleep next the stable, in the loft, or even on the bags of flour, and have to wash in the stable bucket. This Society at.present only trades in bread, its numbers (consequentlyits capital) being too small to admit of further branches. The shares are £1, in subscripKon of at least a shilling a week, no more than ten being the .holding of any single person. The profits are divided thus: 10 per cent, to reserve, 10 per cent. to furtherance of business, 10 per cent; to the employes, and 70 per cent, to consuiners i no interest allowed on the capitel. A consumer, who is not a shareholder, has his profit .retained till it pays for a pound share for him, and he then receives hiB dividends. So far, it has proved a success, and with niore members, will increase its prosperity. THE opposition shown to the construction of ! the connecting link of the Northern Suburban Railway System, clearly proves that once a man has had his share of the good things, he wishes to retain his advan- . . j j , * . tage, and is m no way ready to deal equitably with the other party. The . poor returns of this system is owing to the absence of the connecting link with the City, and consequent inconvenience, extra cost, and loss of time entailed thereby, The opposition of the Tramway Co. can be understood, for these lines at present act as feeders As to 0 threat that the tram lines lines are aie t)avin» paying sonadlv so uaaiy, that tnat a likelihood ntelUiood exists of their being thrown on the hands of the municipalities, why the sooner this ocours the better, for all the outsiders know well enough that the number of highly paid u ^ s olheials fisting, S S L S ! the hands of the municipalities, with all workers, there is no better paying concern in any part of the world. But Clapp, Sprigg, and others are too comfortably provided for under present circumstances for such a contingency to arise. Fairfield Park is four miles from Melbourne P.O., yet to reach it cost® two fares, and two methods of conveyance, viz., tram and train. The place is situated on the Yarra, and with lovely surrounding scenery, most suitable for dwellers who work in the City; yet owing to the inconvenience and expense, it remains almost deserted. This applies to the suburbs further up the same line, as well as to the Preston line. All people do not affect the seaside, even to be under the beneficient reign of Mayor Stedeford (duly allowanced of course), so why not give the Northern Suburbs their n k j and expedite their develop- •• inent - ? >1 St. Cli. Kilda ir-l i and -I Balaclava -i-» i i swamps _ lose some of their population, and the trams some of their passengers, but surely we can afford to be moderately honest, T • 4. 1 J- 4. "even as . claim to be, according to a mixed plumaged individual, moderately moral. The consumer of alcoholic liquor is being continuously abused by a section of the community for so doing. The 3FREE LANCE upholds freedom of action in the individual, so long as it does not infringe on that of another, and would ask that particular and peculiar section referred to what has it done to mitigate the habit so cavilled at ? On the Continent, the, working man, clerk, or salesman, may take his wife and family to a beer garden op -wine hall, and be solaced with good music-and singing, at a trifling cost, the . charge for admission being a mere bagatelle. At their table (for each table about accommoare dates from four to half a dozen persbns, or, I-: ... say, a family), they receive the passing visits of their friends and acquaintances, t enjoying such refreshments, liquid o r J ^ l / a l w I. m, . . and solid as they wish. These cost a trifle COmpared to our charges, and range from coffee upwards. An evening passed thus find, the whole family on home, in comfort and good humor with themaelvee and every one else. Contrast our existmg system with the Continental, 0nly the theatre and concert hall available There you are compelled to ren seated "for two and hklf hours, which to the junior members of the family nd the wife> i£ accompanied by the baby, a a poeitive inflictioll. No refreshments available, except for the males, who, can. go' ut at the interval and obtain bad drinks t a high price, and have a smoke. Latrine ceommodation is provided ij&^fc males on]y > an< j that of the mbst^.mea^re desc r i p W Seated. •lit^^i^-VW* : no general conversation- i| possible, except considerable inconvenience, so is it to'."be-. wondered at if, on arriving home, Mill express thdr diag^t, borrow at g ^ V The cost is at least .equal -to a^/day-s ^ for few> even men.-^re ^bofe expoaing their , f' . ' „.., < shilling crowd. The Consequence ^f this; is. that the males go to.theatres by themselves, and, meeting induJg£-<to%^ a larger ex^rit^gfl^i^gt: g l a s a ^ rest of the^f^ljraas^ra^u: Meaanreivseparately^and.sa'the socffi?mfo . and-v iaes that shoUl \Btr^rhhen IfaiiMy V bonds. . V^AV c^snoTutioc ' Ampi^tiient wojiofe, shoWibe such to thewholeMly. is^esMe4tuui in AustraHa. With /ul-mlmiat^thVopen air and promenade conbei%?wBhWreahinents d unrestricted smoking, would fiir the bm> and these woulddo.moretidiscourage^• excess and dissipation than a wilderness of restrictive Licensing and other Bills. Our Labor Members should bring in a bill v i. ii .J i j ' . j i_ enabling this to be done, and private enterprise would do the rest Strict cl a ? se . s f^oul ^desirable classes, ? eaet so as to prevent ^ the obnoxious features of some of the London music- halls. If the water and can brigade be in earnest, they would assist, for, to a ^ this form of amusement Ljcandox-eycdl-uott, mention per- 