GOVERNMENT BY PRIN CIPLE OR PRECEDENT. Under this heading, Mr. Jainos Ball, of Fremantle. bas forwarded to us for publication a very long letter, for which we are unable to find space, but from which wo make the following extracts : — ' When nini-ing- the assertion at the last public meeting in Perth that the English nation did not possess a Constitution, a deal of dissension arose among the audience.' Mr. Ball, at length, reviews the history of the British Empire, and the state of France and America, and says: — 'Where is the British Constitution that either gives or restrains power ? It is not because a part of the Government is elec tive that it makes it less a despotism, if the persons so elected possess after wards, as Sir John Forrest 6eenis to assume, unlimited powers over the wishes of the people. Our boasted constitution is only a restriction on tyrannical and assumed authority, taking its origin from those bands of robbers who not only divided our lands among themselves, but also founded tbe corrupt 6ysteni of monarchical government through the agency of Walpole. Now, every Government that does not act on the principle of a republic is not a good Government. Republi can government is no other than government established and con ducted exclusively for the well being of the people individually and collectively. If. as implied by the Premier, ancient constitutions and precedents are to guide tbe Government, instead of the neces sities and requirements of the people, then the sooner we abolish the Government the better it will be for the taxpayer in general. ? When appealing to the masses for their suffrages, one of the many cant and plausible phrases of our bloated plutocratic candidates is * Vox populi vox Dei' — the voice of the people is tbe voice of God- I am not pre pared to vouch for the truth of this aphorism, as I never heard the voice, but it is self-evident that the voice or will of the people is supreme law. If the Govern ment is to go on by precedent while the people continually go on by improvement, they must soon come to a final separation. . . . Our Government has acted as if it was afraid to awaken a single re flection in its antiquated mind. Its leader is endeavoring to dim our vision, while softly leading us to the sepulchre of precedents, there to deaden our faculties, and so call our attention away from tbo many scenes of their incompetence*. . . . The honest political popery, like the ecclesiastical of old. has had its day, and is surely and safely hastening to its exit. Now. how is it that our modern politicians, who would wish to be thought wiser than tbeir predecessors, appear at the same time only as the ghosts of departed wisdom. . . . Tbe Premier has done some service by bringing these ancient usages into public view. They serve to demonstrate how necessary it is at all times to watch against the at tempted encroachment of delegated power, and to prevent it, before it is too late, from running to an excess. ... I am no political agitator, demagogue, or fanatic, but simply a working citizen of this community, wishing to see the Government of this colony carried on by modern principles of legisla tion, whereby each and all may receive just, equal, and progressive representation. It is a matter of indifference who it is that steers the ship of State provided that he is capable of olearing those dreaded rocks of antiquated constitutions and mouldy precedents.' 