OUR LONDON LETTER. [FBOII 0UK OWN COB&ESFONDEOT.;] London, 14th February. The Parliamentary session has commenced and the west end of London is once more full of life, but not of gaiety, owing, to society being in mourning for the death of Prince Henry of B&ttenburg.; The session opened well, the attendance being more than excel lent — it was abundant. The force of etrcum Btances rendered it necessary that the bulk ot me earnest arrivals at tne House snould be Conservadves. When it is remembered that the whole of the sitting accommodation of the House could be filled by the Conservative party alone, the truth of this remark will be been. There being only half the House avail Able, there was a rush to .secure early places, and Mr. Robert Astcroft, the senior member for Oldham, made the record by getting down fit six o'clock— before it was light. He was followed at a not very long interval fay Mr. G. a T. Hartley, Sir Albert BoIUt, Mr. Lowles, Mr. Boulnois, and other London members, and by neon every seat nearly on the Government side had bees appropriated1 as well as the beat seats -m the Oppoatioa side. Everyone was talking about Mr. Chamberlain. He was by far the most observed man in Che House, and when he entered carefully dressed, tlim, and young looking, and decorated with a strange and elaborate flower, he received a big cheer. The 'rtif*1*' came, it struck me, even more loudly from the Liberals than from the Conserva tives. The latter are beginning to fear the rspidly-groivtng influence of Joseph. It is a toss ud whether he or Mr. Balfour is in the seat of leadership just opposite the box on the table. And tben Mr. Chamberlain's recent suocesses have been bo well set off so far as effective contrast is corcemed by the un deniable failure of Lord Salisbury. The Tories are con dons of all this — indeed this contrast was the great feature of the day. There is a Chamberlain boom in the House equal to that of the Trilby boom outside. The debate on the Address can hardly be said to have been a serious encounter. As a matter of course the Leaders of the Opposition criticised the conduct ot the Government, but they did so in a manner showing how sensible they are that there is no real opening for at tack, the conn t ry being thoroughly satisfied with the way in which its affairs have been conducted under circum stances of unusual difficulty. The fact that t1 ngiand has not succeeded in her efforts on behalf of the Armenians was the point upon which the leaders of the Opposition laid most Gire&B; ; but as it is evident that nothing save an open display of force would have sufficed, and as other Powers are absolutely opposed to a forcible interference by us, it is dear th*t we could oot take the tjvatter into onr own hands without the certainty of bringing ou a European war. which, it may be said,, neither Lord Rosebery nor Sir William Har court, had they been in office, would for a. moment have thought of. It is pmlubie that the debate will run its usual course ; the Iri&h; Nationalists HitunUIy intend to pat themselves in evidence and to go through the farce of moving resolutions for the sake ot pleasing their followers at home. Was il by accident or design I wonder that Germany gave birth to a White-book on the affairs of the Transvaal on the very day that the EncUsh B ue-book was issued* It cannot be said that Baron von MarfiohaM comes ont of tlie affair with quite the same clean hands as Mr. Chamberlain. The Gennao Consul at Pretoria announced disturbance* five days before Dr. Jameson marched oat of Pitsani, and the day before be moTed* Baron tod MarschaU is already insisting to Sir Frank Lascelles that the independence of the Transvaal must be maintained. Why? It is quite clear from the pobliebed correspon -1pnre- that Mr OhajniS^ri∈ nprw *liv-«.intMl of any action on Dr. Jameson's part untU the very evening he started. The publication of the English Blue-book shows how uncom monly well Mr. Chamberlain behaved in the late emergency. The only criticum possible to make is that he might have dis covered that the UttUnder* had grievances before instead of after the rising. But that charge applies with far greater truth to Lord Ripon. It is very satis fying to note the firmness with which Mr. Chamberlain and Sir Hercules Robinson repressed Mr. Kruger's attempts to wriggle our of his agreement about Johannesburg. First, Johannesburg was to be attacked be cause there were cot enough arms given up. 'If this is done,' said Hercules 'I should leave the issue in the hands of Her Majesty's Government-' ' This had a sobering effect, ' he continue with an inward smile. Secondly, Mr. tLrager tried to get oat of hie promise to give np the prisoners by imposing conditions as to their trial, ' You may remind him that the murderers of Major Elliott, who were tried in the Transvaal in 1881, were acquitted by the jury of burghers,' was Mr. Chamberlain's Tery pretty counter. It most now be apparent to the most in veterate ' bears ' of chartered shares that this vast and important enterprise is not to be wiped out as a punishment for the Jameson raid. It is quite possible, as has been antici pated from the outset, that some modifications may be made in the privileges conferred on the company by its charter, bat it is now a foregone conclusion that as a commercial undertaking its sphere of operations will not be diminished in any way, por its enterprise checked, but that, on (be contrary, any change that may be decided upon will be such as will act beneficially on its interests. From the nature of the baying which has been in opera tion daring the last few days, tt is pretty certain that a knowledge exists in certain stock exchange quarters of the strong position held by the company in the regard of the Government. There is now as muck energetic talk about the shares going to £10 or £20, as there were quite recently confident fore cat is that the snares would be run down to 5a a-piece. There is already talk of new syndi cates being formed to develop the resources of the conn try. The company has a cash reserve of half- a-million, and is prepared to spend freely in improving railway communica tioaa. The presence ot Mr- Rhodes at Boluwayo, with practically unlimited powers, will encourage settlers and speculators and lead to such a development of the vast resources of the country as could not bare been foreseen a few weeks ego. Colonists who are in the habit of making periodical visits to the 'o'd country,' aud whose business takes theni to Che Colonial Office, will regret to hear that the genial chief clerk of that department of the Government, Mr. B. P. Ebden, has passed away sor.e what suddenly. I understand Lis death was caused by diptheria. Mr. Ebden was a son of the Bcv. J. C. Ebdea, Vicar of Great Stakely, Hants, and was bora iu 1S33. He was formerly a scholar of Christ's College, Cambridge. Be took his B.A. degree in 1S56* (thirty -first wrangler), and hia jft-A. in 1S59. He vasappoinied a dcrk in the Colonial Office in I838afteracDmpeiitiveexamina-iion, was private secretary to Lord Klacuford in 1861, assistant senior clerk at the -V-lotrial Office in 1666, first class clerk in 1872, a principal clerk in 1874, and CHef Clerk in 1879\. Mr. Ebden's decease will canse ma y changes at the Colonial Office, one of which will be, it is stated, the promotion of Sir. \V. H. Mercer, Mr. Chamberlain's private secre tary. The Secretaryof State for the Colonies has sent to Mrs. Ebden an expression of Lord Carringtoa retarded from. Australia after his period of office as Governor of New South Wales full of admiration for the democratic institutions of the colonies, and lie is now exerting himself on behalf of the National Liberal Club with very marked success. The club is becoming more than ever the liberal headquarters in London, as nearly all the federation meetings, aud the meetings of the various Liberal associations. are now held there. Since the beginning of this year a. brge noniber of new members have joined, including several peers, among whom are the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Lord High Steward under the late Liberal Administration, Lord Hohlioa&e;, Lord Leigfi, and others. This points to a revival of the social element in the club which was one of the points most i'-'«t«Mt upon by the original founders. There is no troth in the report that the marriage of Princess Maud of Wales with Prince Carl of Denmark is to be postponed in const (joence of the death of Prince Henry oE lUttentiurg. The wedding will certainly take place during the coming season,, but it is likely that the ceremony uiU not 4-e cele brated with that magnificence winch might, under other circumstances^ have been ex rJected. Inasmuch, however, as the curtail meut of pageant exactly tits ia wiih the uisV.es of both bride and bririgegroam, ii is best that this should be so. The Princess is, indeed, desirois that her marriage should be solemnised ai Sundriagliaai, and it is possible that Her Royal Highness 'a wish may be ful filled. Bat in tbi\ as ia all simi'ar cases, the good authority that Her Majesty would prefer St. George's, Windsor, or the private chapel in Buckingham Palace. Lady H«l a Stewvrt, the oaly daagUter of Lord snd Lady Londonderry, who U to be married io April to Mr. Clifford Mel lor, is c charming, happy girl, ulto baa been for tue last two years in great request as a brides - faoiJ. There has scarcely been a society ueddiog of rsigutfic inee in rb&.t period in which she lias not figured. She has becu her father's right baud daring her mother's illness, and has acted as hcste&s; at Mount Stewart with delightful grace and charta. The Marquess ia devoted to her, and pays her compliments with die air of a courtier Lady Helen evidently deserved them for she is said tubea vivacious girl, with a pretry method of repartee and bright conversational gifts Mr. O. M. Pullman, the American rail way carriage building multi-millionaire, is happy because bis daughter Florence Las elected to play the leading role iu a real dmnia that might be called 'The Romance of a Poor Young Man.' Mies Pullman is twenty-six years of age. For ten years ehe lias b*ea besieged t-y suitors of every clime and class. Piinces, barons, counts iiave boA'ed in rapture over ber hesitating band. But Mr. Pullman discouraged all foreigners on marriage bent The right mm even taally tamed np ia the form of Mr. F. C. Lowden, a poor but handsome and clever young fellow. They are to be married in The return to Paris of Watte Goilbert from New York has been made a great event. The cafe concert star has been interviewed, and the world has been informed that, daring her stay of a month in the capital of the United States, Yvette, as she is familiarly called, earned between £7000 and £8000. She has sang French, English, and negro songs to audiences who have gone half mad over her, and if she is forced to admit that 'there is only one Paris,' ehe frankly grants that, financially speaking, America is a rich find. Popularity and vogue are wonderful things. Only a little more than five years ago, as Mdlle. Yvette Gilbert proudly recalls, she was an almost unknown performer at a third-rate Parisian music hail. It ao chanced, fortunately for her* that the in troduced a new kind of song and a new wn.y of singing, which took with the French public, and in an amazingly short time she became a celebrity in her own peculiar line. If implicit reliance is to be placed on her narration, about her ataj in New York, as re ported in the Paris papers, even Sarah 8ernLa:dt was jealous of the music-hall star, aud betrayed this in a variety of ways, while Madame Melba, the Australian prima donna, refused to attend any dinner or luncheon parties to which Yvette Gilbert was invited. By the way Mdlle. Bernbardt proposes to make a journey to India. A yacht is to be built with a saloon that may be used as a theatre, where performances may be given at various ports. The ' divine Sarah' aspires to be the owner of the first floating theatre. This year's President of the Chamber of Shipping is Mr. Walter Glynn, of Liverpool, and at the tonnual meeting on Wednesday hi delivered a very interesting address. ~ When the Chamber met last year, two of the topi e engaging the attention of both the shipowners and navigating officers throughout the country were the proposed new rules of the. road at sea, and the proposed regulations for screen ing shipV eide lights. Happily, said Mr. Glynn, the latter weird phantasm of a dis ordered official imagination was dead and buried, and it would be ill work to rake up its dishonoured bones. Of the former, all he could say was that its ghost is temporarily laid. Mr. Chambers; of Liverpool, moved : — '* That representations abonld be made to Her Majesty's Government, urging that no Legislature of any British colony and depend ency should be allowed to impose upon British ah'pping (other than shipping registered in such colony or dependency) any further burdens and restrictions than those imposed by Imperial legislation.' The motion was passed. Some shipping statistics submitted by Mr. Williamson, of Liverpool, showed the total volume of trade for 1895 was 83,153,022 tao&, bo that the advance of the preceding year has been maintained. London, 2 let February. Mr. Sexton's refusal of the Chairmanship of the Irish Parliamentary party made Mr. Dillon's election an absolute necejnty. No other nian in the party could command the devoted and enthusiastic loyalty of so many of his colleagues no one had served the cause of Ireland for euch a space of time with such unselfish devotion, and, p rhaps, to no other man in the ranks of the party just now wonld tbe «unn hearts of the Irish people at home here in England, in the British colonies, or in the United States, go out as freely as to the ton of. John Blake Dillon, who by (he way, was one of the leaders of the Young Ireland party of half a century ago, aud assisted the srilMiviue Charlea Gavan Duffy to found the formers Irish Weeklv, the Xation. which bad for its motto ' To cr ate and foster public opinion in Ireland and make it racy of the soil.' The John Dillon of today and the new Irish leader, made his first appearance in cbe Irish political arena twenty years ago, when, as a very young man, he took part in the canipaign of John Mitchell for tbe repre sentation of Tipperary, iu the House of Com mons. Mi'chcll bad received a sentence of fourteen years' transportation for hia share in the '43 rebellion, but had escaped to America from the penal colony of Van Dieman'a Laud after three years of exile. His being an uu pardoned political prisoner was made by Mr. Disraeli a groond for excluding him from i lie House of Comnv.us, The poli tical career of Mr. Dillon is too iveli knuwn to need recapitulation. Since 1879 he has thrown liimself into llie teeth of all the Coercion Acts passed by Liberal and Conser vative (iorermceots alike. He has been incarcerated in various Irish prisons— Kil- mainham, Duudalk, GaVay, &c; — and be lias organised xhe Nationalist movement, not only in Ireland, but also iu America, Aus tralia, and New Zealand. Tbe new House of Commons has certainly made an excellent start as a workiug and b urines like assembly, aud gives promise of making a record in useful legislation. In the course of eiglit days the formal business of the Address id r- plv lo the Qaeen'a Speech has beeu cleared Jff. Ministers hive ex plained the attitude of the Government on several international qnestiooaof the weightiest importance. The Leader of the House has formulated a most compreheu&ire; scheme for facilitating and eystematising the procedure of Supply, one bill hae passed through Committee, and has beeu read a third lime, and two measures deeply affecting the welfare of the working daises have passed their second reading. This tale of one week's work at tbe beginuing of a session is almost too good to lie true. If tbe House could go ahead be tween now aud Augustas it has been going ahead since the Queen's Speech was read, we should have the year 189G made memorable in Parliamentary annals as the moat notab'e period of hard work and sensible talk ever known aicce the great principle of obstruction was invented by the lite Mr. Biggar. It is too much to hope for, of course. The human nature of Parliamentary parties has not been changed, and the sweet reasonableness that has pervadttd Westminster during the last few days cannot be expected to outlive the strain of dealing seriously with contentions measures. But the House lias at least begun, well. The talk of the city is the higb price of all gilt-edged securities. Under the spur of con tinuous investments. Consols have risen to 110, and even at this unprecedented price the supply of stock is scanty. All the other borne securities of tbe first class have fol lowed the lead of 'Goschens,' municipal and colonial bond& and railway shares being in especial request at much higher figures. Rat other mirkets do not share this appreciation : the British investor haa learned to distrust the foreigner except in a few isolated in stances. There was a time when onr people were caught by the glitter and glamour of lending money to other countries at remunera tive rates. But when it proved to be bad business, when onr loans, instead of being used for developments of material and in dustrial resources, were squandered on bloated armaments and even less worthy purposes, we wisely preferred to adopt tbe role of inter national philanthropists. In itaelf that was an admirable new departure, but it has largely given rise to tlie existing plethora of capital in these isles. There being no longer any foreign drain of'substantial or permanent character, the national savings have to seek investment in a field much too narrow to afford proper accommodation. Last year's gold-mining ' boom ** drew off a portion while it lasted, but with the 'slump ' the old ner vousness once more caught firm grip of the investing class, and the joint stock banks, crushed by ever-increasing depcbits, again had to consider whether they could afford to allow interest on money which they could neither lend nor invest without grave risk. The insurance offices are in much the same position, while the public who hare savings on hand experience more and more difficulty in securing three per cent with reasonable safety. Even should trade continue to improve, as there seem* to be good hope that it will, the accumulations of capital in this country are so prodigious that the increased monetary rHjnireme&ts; of expanding commerce will take a long time to' make money appreciably dearer. Tbe bank rate has stood at two per cent for the list two years, having fallen to that level in March, 1894, but the outside rate has frequently been lower. The pt ice of consols has naturally risen concurrently with this depreciation of capital. Ia 1887, just before Mr. (roscbenY great conversion operation, ihe three per cents avenged a fraction under 102 being then' the highest qnotation on record. It was regarded as quite a fancy price, and there were not wanting shrewd judges to predict that the proposed con version would permanently damage the state's credit. But no toouer was the gigantic operation carried out than the price of Consols, although paying a lower rate of interest, began to rise, and we are now io the presence of the amazing spectacle of a 2£ per cent security on ready sale at a premium of 10 per cent. Nor can there be much doubt Hurt if tbe Government required & large loan it would be able to place & two per cent emission at par. In the face of this improvement in the financial condition of the old country it ie not surprLong that the first three per cent loan for South Australia, tenders for which were opened on the 20th of February, should have been subscribed three rimes over. £839,500 was asked for at a mininrani price of £91 per cent. Tbe total sum tendered for amounted to £3,725,100. Tenders at £97 3s. will rec-.ive about twenty-three per cent of the amount applied for and rfbote that price allotments will be made in fulir Tbe syndi cate tenders which were all at £97 3a. were for £700.000, £483.000, £420,000, and two for £300,000 each. The tenders put in by the public were in several cases absurdly high. The highest price offered was £107 5s.; tbe next highest £107; and the third highest £102 15s. This loan is redeemable at par in 194G, or after 1916 on giving six months' notice. Mr. Chamberlain continues to be congratu lated on bis every move in connection with the Transvaal difficulty. What the Boer Government will or abcald gather from the debates io Parliament is that Her Maj Bty's advisers have, no intention whatever of thrust ing any cat And dried scheme upon it. Put at their highest Mr. Chamberlain's views are only advanced by way of suggestion. If any doobls existed an this point at Pretoria they ought to have been removed by Mr. Hal four's subsequent explanation. President Kroger professes to be an xioos for the maintenance of ' peace and quiet.' Those principles will be imperilled, it is said, not only in the Republic bat iu all South Africa, if the minds of the inhabitants of the Transvaal are again excited and brought into a state of uurcst. Mr. Chamberlains conien tion is that unless the Uitianders are raited from their preseut position discontent is bound To reenr. But he bas no intention of inter fering as President Kruger imagines, or pre tends to itn&eioe;, with the internal affaire of the Transvaal Home Rule for the Rand appears to be the beat way out of the diffi culty. If, however, another scheme should please President Kroger better, the Secretary for the Colonies trill not insist on his own. Two marriages of interest to pUy-goera may be noted. On the 20th of February, at Holy Trinity Church, Sloane-sireer, Miss Decima Moore became the wife of Mr. Cecil Annesley Walker- Leigh, a gentleman who about a year ago abandoned the army for the stage, and was a member of the second com pany wbi-Hi, organised bv Mr. George Ed \rardes, recently returned from a lengthy tour in America and Australia. MUo Decima Moore looked very charming in her white satin gowo trimmed with Brussels face to match her beautifol ve£U One of the brides maids was Nancy, daughter of Mr. Georec Edwardee, the others Miss Marjorie Hath, the bride's niece, and Miss & Power, whilst Master Harold Hath -ras a train bearer. The bridesmaids carried! Fmpire sticks, and were picturesquely attired in frocks of pale Empire grsen, and wore white hats trimmed with lilies of the valley and roses. The reception was held at the house of the bride's meter, Mrs H. V. Esmond (Miss Ev* Moore), and subsequently the gallant captain and hid bride left fur Ireland, where the honeymoon, will be spent. The second marriage is that of Miss lily Hall Caine, sister cf the well known novelist, to Mr. George Day, who has for many yearn acted as secretary to Mr. Henry Arthur Jones, and is himself the author of one or two little plays. Tiie cere mony has been fixed for the 5th of March at St- George's, Hauover-equare. This is the Monte Carlo season, but it h not gay. The place is full, but there U ao sensational play at the tables. A correspon dent tells the following, which be over heard aa two languid looking English men were leaving the rooms : - ' Caoo't think, -ny deah fellah, wLy we were all so deuced soft as to put our money in those dreadful gold mines. Gould bare lost it heah thousand times quicker.' Nice, which, like oUier faahiouable resorts, is growing in sixe, is still not large enough to accommodate the enormous number of visitors wbo flock to it daring the carnival, and it is a sight to see the cab loads of people drive up to the different hotels on the arrival of the mail trains, only to be sent away because there an no rooms vacant. Hotel proprietors cooaequently . make their own ' terms, which are often exorbitant, and which include a charge for every weal, whether it ia taken in the hotel or not. There is the same difficulty in getting seats in the tribune for the daily fetes on the Promenade des Anglais. Foe the Battle of flowers, which was a brilliant success, all the seats at 10 francs apiece had been sold days before, and almost equal excitement was created Ly the velocipede nets. Curious studies in dress might be nude, and the ordinary male observer as driven to wonder bow it is some women want so little clothing, and others require so Tnucb. For sde by aide with a lady wearing dainly white chiffon without e. cape of any sort over her shoulders will be a pretry woman wearing ttttssiaa sables or sea!skin. As a matter of fact, light clothing ia ihe more suitable wear, and those carrying furs, irhich arc oftener carried than worn, do so for display. The new photography is getting it* share of advertisement in tbe House of Commons. Thrre up-to-date speakex»( have already dragged it into their orations. By the way one of the results of the new discovery by Dr. Rontgen is that * letter can be photo graphed through its envelope and the con tents reid with as tuoch ease as though, the seal had been broken. Tbia experiment has been sacce.sfnlly made by several members of the staff of the Pttrht Gajdois. In a day or two we may expect to hear of aa awful new photograph showing the reaaltof tight lacing. Already Mr. Sydney Rowland has been pri vileged to photograph the foot of a lady who, in early youth. -wore tbe narrow right-fitting boots, which were fashionable at the time. She suffered much ; yet it is probable that ber respectable and intelligent insipid de nounced the cruel folly of Chinese parents all ihe time. Bat there were do outward signs of mischief, and it is this fact which gives peculiar importance to her case. Mr. Sydney Rowland applied his camera, and the secret of those pains came out. It disclosed the most remarkable and unexpected deformities of the bones of tbe toes, some of which are partially absorbed, and all are mash atro phied and misshapen. Such is the result of tight bottta in duldbood,'an extreme 'Hftwnff , perhaps though lhat, remain* to be proved when there was no external sign of mischief. WilUhe public take the hint? tt means that any boot or shoe which confines the toot is What is known as the Organisation, for the Promotion of Commercial Development in all part e of the Empire held its inonlbly dinner on the I9thof February, nndertbe presidency of the Karl of Winchelsea and Nottingham* «ho offered a cordial welcome to the Minister for Agriculture, who had honoured them by bis presence, aud lo other guests. Lord Wincbelsea said that agriculture was now in a condition of paralysis, if not of absolute ruto. The labourers of the country were being seut into the towns, and we were becoming £ very year more and more dependent for our food on foreign and posubW hostile countries. Within the last few weeks the nation had been very rudely aroused to the fact that, eo far from our being certain to receive the food supplies we had reckoned upon, it « as possible events might occur u-liich would, and probably had, brought us much nearer the precipice — a lime when we might lose those food supplies. The country was beginning to be aware that it would be to tbe iroinvn&e; advantage -j£ tbe whole community to keep our agricultural labourers on the land, c pccially as from that body we recruited our array. Adverting to the difficulties of tranait of produce and railway r '.tee, he said he was about to engage in a crusade against the existing order of things in order io devote more attention to our home industries. He also intended shortly to bring out a tniaU association with a email capital of £20,000 in order to test it ou thoroughly business lines, and if they were successful they could go to the public to extend the capital They would 6rat establish a deput iu London and other Urge centres, to U Inch agricultural produce could be consigned. They must find outlets for the produce. Then they moat establish collect ing stations for prodnce in the country, near railway station?. Great hotels, great com panies, and great clubs would no doubt be glad to know of a place where they could get Brilifiii produce of good quality aud un doubted origin, and then if they could not get retail dealer* to take their goods, they would establish ehops of their own, and *hw test the willingness of the British pnUic to take British produce. The President of the Board of Agriculture, who was received with cheers, passed tlie hope that success woald attend fc'je Chairman** efforts in the new field. His description of the coodition of the Agri cultural question was well justified. How fur was the agricultural qaestioo a national question ? The agricultural la (crest was often described as the backbooe of the country. He woald not trouble them with figures. Bat they were confronted with the carioaB problem that the agriculturist was called upon to produce his produce at a price which did not give an adequate return for the capital, drill, an* industry employed, while any endeavour to increase the price was pointed lo as adverse to the interests of the consumer. He heartily welcomed the chair lie could to bring the agriculturist in more direct communicition with the market. Versonally he believed the British farmer's position was better and less Ub^uroos than that of any oiber farmer who might be in combination. They most secure the main ' teaance of the standard of comfort in this country, which was far higher than that in any other coon try. He did not beliere the -British fatitier would submit to that, and as there wae no one willing to fill his place and to cultivate the. land, we mast free the problem that the land mi^ht go out of cul tivation. Surely that was a-natural question. It was one which affected the strength and prosperity of the Empire as a whole, and if they could only realise1 that they would give Ibeir support to such a tcheme aa the chairman had indicated, and they woald find the agri culmrist willing to accept a helping hand, while the nation would benefit from a realisa tion of the fact that die interests of trade and agriculture were identical. Agriculturist* generally accepted that proof of their interest, and would unite in any effort wbich would extricate them from a great difficulty, and enable tbem once again to face the world. I understand that the Government d urine the session will introduce a bill for the cotf etrnction in certain agricultural districts of light railways, by means of which produce can be wore readily and more cheaply brought \- to market. In France and Belgium such lines have proved of the greatest service to farmers. Jd Ireland also, though it is too early to speak of the result of the experiments ? made there, they promise to affect favourably the email cultivators. Besides con wfr**n -*-- i **p light rail trays, the Government will do some thing this session to lessen the financial burden pressing on the land. These schemes will doubtless help to relieve the depression io the agri altural districts, but whether they will do bo in sufficient measure to satisfy the farmers remaius to be seen. The agricultural industry la in a lamentable condition, and a remedy may bare to be found in other direc* revision ot taxation. The London and India Joint Pocks Com mittee has made proposals that cargoes should be delivered at the quay, and that the Docks Committee should sort and mark them, and,. if desired, send them to their destinatiin. Hitherto craft bare had free access to the vessels, and any cost incurred liad been in cluded in tlie freight to the shipowner. On . the I9ln of February a crowded and represen tative public meeting at Cannon-street Hotel, convened by tbe London Cuamberof Commerce, demanded that the new scheme should be abandoned. Sir Albert Rollit, M.P., who presided, said there was do doubt that if the proposals of the Joint Committee came into operation the trade of the port would be greatly affected. The scheme suggested would limit the freedom of action of merchanta and brokers. There woald be difficulties and disputes, which would retard and injure 1 rade. The extra charge to be imposed would not f£H on the shipowners, but on merchants, brokers, and others. Instead of free outside delivery as at present, they would be penalised by preferential treatment. The cost of produce in London would be increased, and a monopoly created. Shipowner*, traders, and consumers were all interested in opposing the fauggesied change. Tbe view was supported by Sir R. Haofiou, Alderman Ritchie. Mr. Martin Smith, Mr. Kelson, and Mr. S. Ralli The latter observed that what was really wanted was (be amalgamation and reconstruc tion of the docks. Thtywireorer-capitalised. Expenses should be reduced, and the docks made thoroughly ef&Veot.; 