POKOL-BIN A rocont addition has boon made to our aylvan community hero iu the phapo of a ghost of an old man, who, a short, time ago wan killed by a fcroo falling upon him. Ho has boon soon on varioua oocmmoiifl, onpocinlly in bho neighbourhood of Ben Kim wine oellar. Ho will mnko a good watchman j for ho canuob uuo wine for himsolf, and woo biitldo any mortal who asplron t» drink what ia nob honestly obtninud. Tho inqiioat on hia body toak plaoo in our h'lndaomo Pokolbiu Hall, whioh ia wlbbin a few yards of bho collar, and bhis may bo ruRnon why ho in bo fond of bho neighbourhood. Tho old follow in roportod bo havo chanod an indi vidual 0.110 night nlmonb to doabh. Broabhloon nud torror-strlckon tho fugltivo found safety under a roof. If ho had nob run for hiii llfo tho ghosb would havo naught him. [No, ho would nob, ovon if bho raoo had continued to bho mid of bho world. Can any of aiu- roadoru familiar wlbh ghosb-land explain thia fnobP] Tho ghont, howovor, in nob given to running nor bo vinltu beyond bho collar and bho hull. Thoro in anobhorkind of aplritualism nob unoommon in bho looallby. All kindii of usuful ai'blolof), ouch an iimall tooln, lofb lying aboub, or anything which would bo unoful olnowhnro, mystu rlounly dinappoar. When waubud, thoy cannot uo found. The theory ia, blmha i-host; vlnlta tho place, and carries them off. In Maitland bhin would bo bnrmod potty thloviiif.;, and bho ijhonb, when caught (for uuoh ghoatii can bo caught) would bo plaood in tho hnndn of tho police. Tho ghonb of bho old man In not guilty of nuch dirby work. Ho waa an honoob follow. ' And would gladly do tvhab ho could to hunt tho bhloviu(j ghontu of thiovou ohoo moro In bho fioah. Wo aro a qulob community. Wo havo neither birtlin, deaths, nor irmrria[ioa 1 or, nuoh lapno of tliuo taken piano botwuon thorn, thab wo forgot iiuoh iugs havu nu oxlutouou. Our only amusements take place during tho vin tage season, when cows geb drunk and Bbsgger about in a comical faehion by eating grape skins from bho cellar. If a drunkard could only see him solf in one of these comical topers. ' At homos' are not uncommon. But wo don't reckon thorn nimiBements. It is a serious thing to danco until you ache, and a still more sorioua thing for tho young folk to make love to each other. We very much need a railway to burst up the district, and a daily post to mako us familibr with tho pen. Fi Honing is the Progress Committee's firat annual report! — 'The Pokolbin Progress Committee whs the outcome, of a meeting bold in the Public School last August to consider tho question of tho road over Wright's Hill. Tho first mooting was hold' on August 17th, 1895, when Mr. A. Hutcueson was elected President and Mr. Moulalalo Hon. Sec. and Treasurer.- Since then eleven other meetings have been held. Tho President and Secretary of course attonded all tho meetings, Mr. J. McDonald 8 meetings, Mr. Corner 8, Mr. King 5, Mr. Tyrrell 10, Mr. Fleming 7, Mr. Thompson 12, Mr. Wilkinson 5, Mr. Gillard G, Mr. Elliot 3, Mr. Joan 3, Mr. Hipvrell 1 mooting ; Mr. Stephen, an original member of tho committeo, attonded 4 tcootings, but ceaaing his attendance, wad struck off the roll. Mr. W. McDonald, with 3 meetings to liiB credit, waa Bimilarly dealt with ; aa woio also Mr. R. Hungerford and Mr. C. Wilkinson. — The committeo may fairly lay claim to having induced tho author! ties to form tho road ovor Wright's Hill, as tho tender was called for within a month of the matter being laid beforo Mr. Gilliea, M.P., by the Secretary. Owing to tlio preBBuro of tho committee tho devia tion on Wright*8 Hill way fenced. An the result of tho notion of tho committee ,£75 wan granted on tho Mail road,. .£30 on the road to Coolalta, and JJ30 on tho Marrowbono roud. Tho Oaky Crnok road waa put under trustees, and J3100 granted for it were spont iu tho district ; also, tho numbor of trnstoos on Pokolbin Hillo road wns increased to five at thoir request, and tbo mail roivd was clansifiod. Tho committee havo alao asked for money on bho road to Bourke's (Maluna road), and addibionul money on tho Marrowbone road. Thoy havo aUo agitated fora road toT.McQanu'a property, and a road from Mount View road to Rothbury. Tho necessity of a daily mail has also beon laid beforo tho postal authori ties by tho committee, through our excellent mem ber Mr. Gillies, but on boing rof (isod our mombor requestod aa to mako a further effort, tho success of which has not trannpirod. Tho matter of a public hall for Pokolbin han beon much beforo the comimtteo, bub up bo dabo very littlo has boon done in tho way of providing ono, although a aito was promised nnd throo gentlemen of the committoe offered to loan J310 each to form a building fund. — Seed wheat has also beon suppliod to a fow farmers at the requeab of the commibteo. — Tho Vroueuror haB received 14a in eubsciipbions, and haa expended 2s lid in stabionory, Is on a parish map, 3s in stamps. Total 6a lid, leaving a orodit balanne of '/s Id.— The committee havo to express their warm eat thanks to Mr. Gillies, M.P., for tho prompt and energetic way ho hna socondod all thoir efforta and endeavours to carry out all their wishes.' Tho abovo report waB rend at a public meeting on 15th August. Tho meeting then elooted a now commit tee 10 strong, to carry on tho great work of' im ptoving Pokolbin, Tho retiring PrQBidonb and Secretary were accorded a hoarby vote, of thanks, to whioh they .suitably responded. Aug. 10. 