[COPTHIOHT.] MARTIN CASH; OR 1HE OUTLAW OF TABLEMOUNT. An Historical Xarrnlivc of lh< Early Days, from the Diary of an ()M Colonial: (IN SEVENTEEN PARTS) TART XVI. Taking alwut six pounds 01 gun powdvf, ilic leader advanced cauuousiy butquukiy towards the circular build ing, which was not more than one hun dred yards distant, and soon reached it. There was a b'.i all rec:ss close to the ; ground in the stonework evidently for drainage purposes, and into this Cash : inserted the powder. A train was laid out for some distance and the aperture of the recess partly closed by a log i dphich lay close at hand. When all was ready the powder train was ignited, and, raising his right arm I as a signal to his comrades, C.'ash drew 'a pistol and ran round the building., The huge dog in front at once espied him, but almost ere it could bay the | 'bushranger tired and killed it, j The distance between this round structure and the homestead proper was not more than fifty. yards, and it \- didnot take many seconds for so fleet ti runner as Cash to cover it Short as \- was the time, however, the explosion occurred' before the door was reached, ,and.just.*s a man, bent almost double with age, came to it a terrible blast took place. The volume of smoke which shot up Obscured the greater part of the struc ture for a time, but as it cleared away the fu!l> effects of the explosion were apparent. The loosely built stones wetfe hurled and thrown about in all ?? directions-in fact the place had col ' 'lapsed. The howls of the wounded ' itVd dying dogs were terrific, and the ' felght andthe noise seemed to paralyze ...theold man who had come to an swer the door, and was. no other than Apsley himself, .'^."Surrender or you area dead man. f am Martin Cash, the bushranger. If iiif resistanct is made I'll not scruple |p take life, so be wise and yield with out trouble R;<he leader cried as he toflfjohfed fljeiged owner of the farm \ Bf this tiniie'Cash was joined by his two comrades, end though several men Jjelohging to the (arm made their ap Meearance from different places, they ?jBrfc: (III unarmed and entirely at the fnCrcf bf the ou\l'$ws. To r&sist; meant &Kth..; They had alt heard of Martin Cub and his comrades and were not gfiPMed to irritate them by useless re : Moreover, the summary measures taken to destroy the dogs had a salutary dffect on them from the bushrangers' point of view. Every one of the 'mtcitls bad been killed or seriously ^ Injured by the ezplosion and the falling 7 drones, and the sight was a pitiable one as the wounded animals dragged them .elvesabout howling with pain. ' '"fcfctthe get pistols and put these , creatures out of their agony," ' pleaded theold man as be watched his ,, Javoritedogs. . " HI Bave you thetrouble. It's best to (hoot them, no doubt. Watch these .;,i^ ipr | ,(e^r minutes," the leader1 said to hisfellow-outlafcs as he strode towatdiOie kennels.' / .TJaerewwe-so far as he could see i - mtftril ^groiw dogs in the place and tfour puppies. Only three remained alive, and Cash soon put them out of ipain by jBhooting them. This done, he turned towardsthe homestead and be . gan the seriouBbusiness of the day. "Mutter all your servants in the leitdiien, and mind no one is left out," hemidtethefid piao, .who Jones told him ~J ;-, ,The lattef^iil; not make, any demur . tottris orderbut at once^ obeyed it . Indeed,ltie «mployees scarcely wanted '. telling, for they turned into a large frinjg on the south side of the home itead which was .'used as the kitchen . *nd ,«omwion dining-room, There ten a doten male-servants at the farm and three female-servants, but four of 4he former werein the outfields. They liad heard the explosion and were now . Returning to the homestead in con fi^entdejwrturbation. Of course they liad no idea of what had really hap-j pened, tout naturally suspected that , ' tb<spdwder which Apsley keptin the i . liouse had exploded -ftt-.i 'Savinsght who- remained outside, saw these workers coming across the : >; ^paddocks, and he 'went -inside until theytehme close to the house. Then ?>! out he covered them with his musket and quickly marched them in ,v to thw prisoner comrades. . " f'liSon't see young Apsley amongst the:crowd," said Jones to his chicf. " Where is your son ?" curtly asked Cash Of the otd man. . son ?" repealed Apsley senior ratherstartled. "My son? Oh yes. I . . . He is in tlobait Town. Went away a \-- ctMiplt of days ago on business," he concluded, in a rather jerky sort of manner. The answer seemed to satisfy the bushrangers, who said nothing further ? ' on the point but proceeded to make lhtimselPB"jl*"C0rof0itaH(ras-pr,ssib!c. The larder of' Apsley f irm was wrll stocked, and Cash ordered the best! .food in thehouse to he prepared for' ' all bands. He desired :o ingratiate himself with the employees, as it was . always wise to conciliate' them. * ?.A "Intend to stop here a couple }(' . days, Apsley," he began, " and in the meantime I'll take care < f ycur fire . ansa Let mo have every weapon of jhe »nrt in "the house, and I tan pro !' mise ybu Will not be molested. There .must be no treachery. tf there is, you koow what vill result," The tarmer spoke to one of the men, I telling him to show the outlaw where tlit arms were-kept, and in ten minutes ] the chief had them all sccurcd in a corner of the large room. These which were loaded he drew the charges from, j and that done, he proceeded to do full jnMice to the LXccilent repast set before rum. There was plenty of strong drink placed on the table, i>ut the outlaws wete mil foolish enough to indulge loo freely in it. In fact, sobriety was one of the main factors attending the suc cess hi Cash's gang. It was now rapidly drawing on to wards evening, and the bushrangers consulted as to the best method of spending the night. They decided to get what rest was possible under the circumstances, and for that purpose Cash told the servants that they could retire to rest at the usual time, but the men must sleep in the kitchen and the women in their own quarters. By this arrangement two of the convicts would be able to sleep while the other one mounted guatd over the unarmed em ployees. This suited the latter, well enough, and, truth to say. when they found there was no danger of brutal treat ment from the outlaws they rather en joyed the diversion. It really meant relaxation to them at the expense of the master, for while the b-jshrangers remained no work would be done. In addition they would eat and drink of the best, and altogether their lot would be much better than under the ordinary routine of life. \- The only person who looked par ticularly gloomy, and indeed vengeful, was old Apsley. For the first time in thirty years the farm had been success fully raided and his trusty dogs de stroyed without him having a chance to fire a shot. Still a look of hope sometimes flitted across his face as he sat moodily before the spacious fire place. Cash noticed his dejection, and said:-"This is the first time I be lieve, Apsley, you have ever had to en tertain bushrangers. I must say you do it well, and we will always think gratefully of you." The old man turned fiercely and ex claimed :-" Vou may never get a chance, to be grateful. You've come to Apsley Farm, but you haven't got away j et. Don't make too sure of anything in this placeI" The outlaws only laughed at the old man's chagrin and ceased to torment him. Cash was chivalrous enough to see his great age should at least pro tect him from insult. A couple of hours later silence and sleep was or dered, and soon the inmates of Apsley Farm were either slumbering or trying I to do so. Each outlaw took a turn on guard and the night passed without in cident.' Cash was in no hurry to leave his I comfortable quarters, and decided to remain another night on the farm, as he had stated. The convicts did not fear pursuit for several days longer, and j their disposition was to tempt attack rather than run away from it. Indeed, the three men intended to have a short life-for they looked upon that 4s in evitable-and to make it as merry as possible. They did not care to live like wild beasts hunted from one covert to another and suffering priva tions and dangers. I ' During the day the outlaws held high revet Those of the servants who could sing or dance were cempelled to do so, though the compulsion was not of a severe nature. Apsley, of course, was i not asked to take part in this on ac count of his age, but a careful watch was kept on him. 1 The old man spent the time wander ing around! and often going to the front door, he would gaze long and earnestly in the direction where Oat lands lays {if if he hoped tor succor from that quarter. He had heard of the desperate character of. Cash and his comrades, tmd knew they were quite ready to fight a company of soldiers, i as they had done, and that fact occasioned Apsley not a little uneasiness. . As evening drew on the same pre parations as were made on the previous night were carried out. .During the day the outlaws had possessed them selves of all the money which was in place. This amounted to £64. They had also secured the most valuable of the firearms and additional ammuni tion. A bullet-mould was also taken, their own having been lost Cash decided to take the first watch himself, and this began shortly after nine o'clock-early to bed and early to rise being a maxim practised in Van Dieman's Land in those days by the settlers. The' large room where the employees were, kept captive was, as already stated, a wing of the home stead, and from its door a good view could be obtained around. Before ten o'clock the whole house hold was apparently asleep, and the guard passed most of his time walking , to and fro just outside the rpom and ifa front of the house, taking an occa sional look into the apartment to see that all was well. It was while thus engaged shortly after ten o'clock that the silence of the night, which was almost oppressive in its intensity, was suddenly broken by the deep baying of a dog close at hand. The sound appeared to come from the vicinity of the demolished kennels, and the grim warning did not fall unheeded on the acute ears of Cash. Going into the room, he called up Jones. Kavanagh was already sitting up, the sound having' awakened him, and old Apsley was also very wide awake ar.d not able to conceal his acitation, though the outlaws did not notice it being otherwise engaged. '.There is something the matter, Jones. We could not have killed all the dogs. There is one outside now, : uuldss T-HMtd (Jfiih laughed, 4iiccrly " it fc a 'ghost of 6ne of the brutes we killed. " "Dogs 1" repeated Jones, jumping up. " Then there is something w&ong.;" -and he seized his weapons - " Youn^ Apsley must have returned, and we'll have 10 be careful."' The three nien were now very wide awake and fully armed-iniieed, aluuist overarmed. Each had four pistols and two muskets, besides a sort of cm'.ass. Going to the door, they were speedily convinced there was sume:hing wrong as the commotion at the late kennels j was considerable. There must have been several dogs, by the noise, and no doubt they had human comrades with them. The night was.very dark, and Cash expressed his intention of going to the west side of the house to try and really ascertain what was the matter. Jones advised him not to do so on account of the dogs, but the outlaw chief only laughed at his fears. Kavanagh remained at the outside door, while Jones kept guard over those inside and ralher anxiously awaited the leader's return. Cash quite lenew the risk of discovery he ran, but he loved danger and was equal to every emergency; He had just attained his objective point when he instinctively felt some thing was near him. Both muskets were at full cock and ready for use, but he could not see the foe though lie felt one was close to him. He was not kept long in suspense, for in the dark ness a few feet away there suddenly gleamed a pair of fiery eyes, and the next instant, with a low, savage growl, a huge bloodhound Sprang upon the outlaw. He instantly fired, but the shot only slightly wounded the infuriated animal and the next moment it had made a spring at his throat With a sweep of the arm the man kept it from that part, but its fangs fastened into the fleshy part of his left forearm. Dropping the firearms, Cash drew the cutlass and began to slash the brute. This was a wise act and pro bably saved his life. Using all his immense strength, a few cuts of the weapon-one of which half severed its body-laid it dying on the ground, and not a moment too soon. He had scarcely time to draw a pistol when an other hound was upon him, but this time his shot was lucky and laid it low. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 