? FROM VARIOUS SOURCES (By «? Gueakek.') j At Gwennap, in Cornwall, in March, 1 1828, Miss Sophia Bawden. was married j to Mr. B. Bawden. - By this marriage, 1 the father became brother-in-law to bis j son; the mother, mother-in-law to her j sister ; the mother-in-law of ber son, his | sister-in-law ; the sister of the mother-in- 1 law, her daughter-in-law; the son of the! laraer, oromer-in-iaw to ms mouierin law, and uncle to his brothers and sisters; the wife of his son, sister-in-law to ber father-in-law, and aunt-in- law to her hus band ; and the offspring of the son and bis wife would be grandchildren to their nncle and aunt, and cousins to their father. * * s ' Ethel,' be -whispered, ' will you marry me ? ' ' I don't know,' she replied, coyly. 'Well, when you find out,' he said, rising, 'send me word, will you? I shall be -at Mabel Hick's until 10 o'clock. If I don't hear from you by 10, I'm going to ask ber.' * * * Tommy Atkins. — (A private in the British Army.) In the forms in use in the army, (be name ' Thomas Atkins ' is printed to indicate to those using them where to sign their names. The name Tommy Atkins has thus come into popular use to designate any private soldier. $ * ft ' Oriel,' of the Argus, writes a readable paragraph occasionally, and the following? which refers to the trip given by the Harbour Trust Commissioners last week, is of local interest-: — ' Not content with beholding in Footscrav ihe commercial entrepot of Victoria now that the ship ping all comes up the river, Mr. Hancock has succeeded in turning the busy city which be honors by representing into a fashionable marine resort as well. Boat ing on the Osprey and bathing in the Saltwater river, where the .ghosts of defonct tuberculous swine haunt the reflective swimmer at every stroke, are now the recognised diversions ,of Foots cray, while Mr. Styles, of Williamstown, and Mr. Sangster, of Port Melbourne, otn$olylHte their vails m envy at the isisnijg fortunes of the riverside city, 'i|a|jjpy«Bfhe?naii ^vfaa jean %a£be with looking on. fiarimu, the Syrian, who dipped seven tunes in Jordan, could not compare with him meonrage, yet just as a shrewd modern commentator has dis covered that the Jordan mud bad a dis tinct curative power in such skin affec tions as leprosy, and that the prophet prescribed a very rational and nnmiracu lous line of treatment in recommending a course of Jordan baths to bis patient, so also, it may be gathered, that tbe Salt water River has bad a marvellous effect on Mr. Hancock, fie has bathed in it— metaphorically, of course — and he is clean. He no longer regards the members of the Harbour Trust as the natural enemies of. the working man, and he actually, holds out to them the approval of the Trades HalL It is to be hoped that the Trust will not be discouraged by this unlooked-for result of their labours.' 