Tho Kennion of Christendom; Reference* by Cardinal Moran. CARDINAL MORAN, preaching last Sunday (Pen tecost Sunday) in St. Mary's Cathedral, made several references to thu reunion of Christendom. The blessings brought b3' the coming of the Holy GhoBt (said the Cardinal) never ceased to abound in Holy Church. With the perfection nf sanctity and the perfection of charity estab lished by the Holy Ghost, and enriched aa they were by all the other blessings and gifts of Divine love, it was nut sufficient that they in these days of difficulty and danger should.con tent themselves with what might ba called the humdrum occupation ot saving their own souls. It was their duty to perfect themselves accord ing to the spirit ot th» Holy Ghost, and to con form their lives to .lu. lesson of heavenly truth and wisdom taught hy our Saviour, and perfec ted by the coming "f tho Holy Ghost on Pentecost. It was their duty, too, to lead others through the paths of truth to the foun tains of everlasting life. As they wei o' all children of Christ they must love one another'; and the wondrous love of Our Saviour tn nat be their type of charity, and (heir model in, ex tending charity to those iirouud them. One feature of this charity he desired to specially mention. lt was that they should extend their charity to those not of the Catholic faith. One of tho most distinguished statesmen of our own time had given expression to thu seutiinont that " to servo Christ and Christianity was the mi>sE heroic deed that a man CHM ld accomplish in our day.". He (the Cardinal) wished that these words, were emblazoned in every Christian household throughout this fair land. It might seem strange that whmi he urged them to love their holy faith and ti. show courage in defend ing it he should say they must love thoso who wore not of the fold. He did hot wish hiB words to bo misunderstood. If they looked .arotiud them they saw on all sidos; those who misrepresented Catholic teaching . and misinterpreted Catholic praotioes-thoa© who' calumniated tho Church and assailed, its' principles. Was it any wonder, then, that those educated amidst those' mists of prejudice, and amidst the encircling darkness.of these calumnies, should 'wage war against the Church? He was speaking of those who were not themselves ' really hostile'to'the Church. Perhaps it would be more correct1 to say that1 i they, waged war. not against ['the' Cliú'rch . but against a phantom set' tip by enemies,"and presented to the world as the]Catholic Church'.' ^Only ? a. fe w weeks ago a Protestant'; hishop''in' England, in his charge to his clergy, said'thât thu Unman. Oatholio Church set. the/Pope on a par. ;with the blessed trinity: The smallest Catholic child could have told this bishop,that j such teaching would be regarded by us as blas phemy j'yet such blasphemies were'sét forth by many as if they were the true teachings of the* LOhu'rohl Hod they not amoug themselves heard those things a thousand tiiiiea î Had they not been told quito. recently, that, they adored the Blessed Virigin :, .that,tney,g!ive her ¡the. homage and adoration duo ,to ; God alone ? Thu Church, through her prelates and] priests, .had,repudiated this a thousand times ;;yet'ôvon' now, iii. the pulpit and in thor press, and by leaders of Protestant communions,, this old 'calumny was revived and repeated.1) ''-But these attack« were really not on the Church, but on a grotesque phantom set up ' by its . enemies.'1 Catholics should not therefore blame those who .attacked this phantom 'believing 'it to' be' Oatholio truth and Catholic teaching. They, were, really our brothers ia arm's,[DUO with UB, iii spirit, and were fighting, with .ps, the battle'of truth, and of faith in lighting this phantom of , false doctrine. In doing so ? they .were really serving the cause of truth and the ,Church., Catholics should love thom, and'should- pray, that God would send them; the grace 'tn see the beauty of Catholic truth) and that He would lead them into the fold of the One'True Shepherd. It was fur this that' the present illustrious soveroigu Poutiir, Loo XIII,"ad-; .dressed that.beautiful encyclical' letter to those not of the faith. Ho invited them toiciiter into, the reunion of Christendom, he invited them to learn,tho true teaching of,the Church of Christ, and to come to the true fold to"receive the,kiss: of .peace., It should .be. the,, fervent Catholic prayer during these days of PuntícoBt-.that Almighty God would bestow. His ,blessings ou each and «very child:of Christ, that He would preserve the Divine truth iu their minds, and give', them the ' courage - in/ their-hearts E tb" emulate tho heroism of those whn\had siiffarod 'and- triumphed for" tlio'fuitlian th» past ages of i the history.of the^Chuich. ^ ï.It.Bhould be,their prayer, to Cod to ..keep burning inMthuir hearts, .the fire of Divinó charity, "iThej^'should pray to' t'Ke'Holy'Ghost tb 'descend' upon them, arid to give to ¡all who j.bear, the Christian nainó 'tbb' grace to know and 'thé strength to Berve God! They ( .should pray.-.tbat,God >would .iii His.alU, embraoing lovo and muroy gaf¡her;all Christians', into His fold, so that all might become : ono jin , faith*-that all 'might receive i with the kiss of; peace the promise' of immortal life from! the groat Shepherd of Souls. t. y . -, » ¿ ? -.. 