WOMAN'S GOES, BY E. H. STRAIN. 'A man's, foes shall be they of his own household.' CHAPTER VI. A Quarrel and an Arrest. Rosa turned round about in her seat by the harpsichord, and looked at me with a smile. "Now, there's many a man," said she, " would have thought it no more than manners to bestow a word of thanks upon me for my music before walking away in such a hurry. And there's many a woman," quoth she most de- merely, " would have the grace to express some sense of the good office I've done her. Haven't I sat here playing for better than a quarter of an, hour, though neither of you marked a note ? What ? not even a word now ? Such Mhanklcsness I never saw the like of !" And so turned round in her seat (for indeed, I was in no mood for jesting, and Intel never a word to answer and struck into another measure. My eyes were fastened on the door by which the lord Viscount had quitted the room. Sure, I was sunk in amusing, and yet they saw another thing which, for a moment my mind took no note of. This was that the door the very door mine eyes were fixed on-was first most noiselessly pushed open, and then as stealthily shut. For one moment, as I said, this conveyed no meaning to my mind ; the next, I promise you, it brought both meaning and fear. I sprang up from my seat by the fire, and opened the door as quick as ever I might ; indeed, I think not many seconds passed ere I was in the passage, looking both to right and left for the intruder. It was perfectly well lighted both ways, but for all that there was no sign of any creature in it. Then I went for ward to the staircase, and looked there for my spy, but never a soul could I discern. I leant upon the balustrade, scanning the polished oak steps, as though I thought to see footprints thereon that would enlighten me and there came upon me the strangest feeling of approaching disaster-a certain expectation of mischance. One that is condemned to die may have the like, as every hour that passes brings him nearer to his inevitable doom. I went along the passage from end to end, opening every door and looking into every room, without finding, as they say, either beast or body. Then, much dis- composed, I went back into my withdrawing room. Rosa sat where I had left her, her fingers Idle upon the keys J the fire burnt bright and cheerily ; the room was eloquent of home and peace, and yet it struck me with a sense of incon- gruity there was no room in my mind for its comfortable brightness. - Naked weapons, angry faces, the scaffold, the block, and things yet worse than these, filled it to overflowing. I would fain have (been up and doing, bad I known the things Wherein I should set my hand. The smile died from Rose's face as she looked (at mine. " Why, Marry. what's the matter ?" said she. " You look as if you had seen a ghost" " There's rather a ghost or a spy in rebe Qiouse, I believe," said I, trying to make as though I jested ; "and I scarce know which is the worse." " Let it be a ghost, then," said she, laughing. " They're harmless creatures compared to the other sort. I'd rattler have ten ghosts than one traitor to deal with." " We're'not permitted the choice," said I. " or else I think I'd cliff or from you. , Gillies you may circumvent, but ghosts you can't." " Spies tell tales," said she, " and ghosts do nothing worse than of frighten you.". " They do Shaft same most effectually," said I, putting any land to my heart, where miss so obstinate a sinking as was Guard to combat " Willy, but truly," said she, " you do look strange." She left her seat and damage to me, putting her arm about me. "You did not really see might to frighten you, Mary, did you ?" she continued, smiMug, " either human or otherwise ?" " I scarce can tell myself, dear heart," I answered, feeling myself a fool, yet knowing myself to have reason in my folly. It thus eased my mind mightily to tell (her everything both what my lord Vds 'count had said, and the other mystery and yet I thought it better to fought-, for I know myself the stronger woman of the two ; yet (here was I all but bereft of any wits by what had passed. Why, I thought, should I make her partaker of my terrible fear ? So I tried to smile in answer to her smiling instead. " Play to me dear," said I willing to gain some minutes for meditation " play to me, like David to Saul, and lay the evil spirit. A ghost should be easier said than a devil, one should think, especially if it's an imaginary ghosts." " And shall I be as good at the laying as David, do you think ?" said she, a little more satisfied about me. And so began to. let her fingers wander over the keys, where presently she struck into a dainty measure that fitted little With my mood. Truly, I scarce marked it. I sat down in my place by the fire, and tried to bring before my mind a clear picture of What was dike to happen presently in the dining-room, and what I was to do to get my husband safe away he fore the morning. My lord Viscount's Words, as I recalled them, laid the ghost far more effectually than Rose's music. I could all but hear him speak- ing them : " I will order him to his room under arrest. It will be your business to get him away." I put my head between my two hands, so to press help out of my brain, as it were. 'Away where to I asked myself. A hiding-place is" nothing difficult to find in our part of the country ; but a safe hiding-place, and one whence he could communicate with his friends, was another matter. And my lord had said we were to look for no further favour at his hands Should Captain Hamilton fall into them again.] ' 'Away-II thought again, having do ' light on that point but how ? How to get him forth of the house, to begin with My lord was to order him into j his bed-chamber ; now, that is on the second floor, and none so easy to steal away from. And even were that contrived, could I count upon his own consent ? I asked myself. My husband hath a spirit so high that if he thought himself wrongfully accused, 'twas a great chance but he might refuse to go away at all, and insist upon staying to stand his trial by court-martial. For of course any lord could give him no hint of his orders to send him to Dublin for his trial,; nay, T fell to wondering whether I might myself Trtthout a breach of confidence towards my lord, for he had confided his honour into my keeping, and should a word of that leak abroad, where were it That were a poor return for his friendship. But yet it was a weapon he had himself put into my hands, and even while I meditated how to use it most considerately, I thanked him from my heart for trusting me with one so effectual. As I sat wringing my mind for an expedient, and finding none that seemed sufficient, there rose upon a sudden, from the vestibule below, a noise of voices loud in anger. " Presumptuous and " insubordinate" we could clearly hear in the voice of Lord Mount joy. Rosa got up from the instrument, and I from my seat, and so rapid had been in my nursing that I attest my alarm was as real as her own, and no acting, and this in spite of the warning my lord had given me. We ran together to the staircase, whence we could see and hear all that was a-doing in the hall ; but before we came there my wits had come in place again, and I knew that this was no more than I had to expect. For Rosa, she was so pale that I had given much to he able to tell her that which had been told to me. As this was wholly out of the question, I was even compelled to continue cruel. We leant together over the balustrade, looking and listening. The first man I saw was Cargill, with a face so fixed in dismay that was like a mask, and with a silver service trencher half dropping from his hand, standing in the corner by the entrance door. Leaning over, I could see all the rest-my husband standing very pale and proud, and Lundy beside him with his drawn sword in his hand. My Lord Mount joy stood in the doorway of the dining-room, where his face was in the shadow, but his attitude was even more full of pride than Captain Hamilton's, I thought. He was the first to catch sight of Rose and me at the top of the stair, and stopped in the midst of what he was saying. There was a moment's pause, and then my husband spoke. " My lord Viscount," said he, " I would pray you to consider whether it can ever he the duty of a man to act against his conscience." " Sir," answered Lord Mountjoy, " a soldier that hath accepted a commission hath no business to scrutinise his orders or indulge himself in scruples. He is a man under command, and hath no responsibility of decision, but only of obedience. His duty, if he cannot con- scientiously carry out the orders he receives from his superiors-" " Is to resign his commission, my lord, as it seems to me," said Captain Hamilton, very calm. " which I would beg you of your goodness to recall to mind that I endeavoured to do before your lordship's departure for Dublin a fortnight ago. Whether it he fair to hold me responsible for my disobedience to orders that I foresaw and that I tried to throw up my commission for fear of-" " Why, sir." said my lord, " what could it matter to you whether your company had Irish Catholics in it or not, or whether it consisted entirely of Irish Catholics, for the matter of that, when by your own showing you were but waiting my return to leave the army altogether."' " I can scarce imagine you put that question in earnest, my Lord Mount joy," answered my husband. " It's not a thing to promote the welfare of the country to have the army filled with Irish Catholics, as you well know, and, sure, the welfare of the country matters to every man that hath a stake in it." " It's not the business of any officer to criticise Ms orders, as I told you be- fore," said my lord. God if every man in the army were to make himself the judge of everything he's told to do. things were at a pretty pass indeed !" " Your lordship's conduct is an union peachable example of your opinion," said Mr-, Hamilton, beginning to lose his temper, " for you can scarce think this fair itretutiment of an ancient cam- rate e land friend." " Miara olive ! can't you be silent ?" said Lundy at his elbow. " No, I can't, Lundy, and I won't, ditcher. d'or ''is shameful !" said Mr. EDaimiliton, turning upon him. " Look at his fare there, and say which of us is the one traitors ashamed of his conduct My lord had taken a step for- wood, go that now she stood in the light beside the rest, land, in truth,' he looked full at his ease. "By heaven!" roM Captain Hamilton, " he looks a (traitor, and «x<3 for you, L/undy,"-turning upon I him almost with violence-" you look a fiend." " Captain Hiaimilitou," said my lord, sputtering YBKfiibly a force upon himself to 'be dailm-hideed, I believe the last taunt had told home, and has his own despite axis voice shook-" Captain Hamilton. tells violence will avail you nothing. I have but acted in accordance with my views of the duty of a soldier and indeed, at this the words seemed to escape from its leash, as one might figure it "indeed, at does come hard on a man to treat an old friend and come trade within so much severity ; but I have no choice spot I can see Colonel Lundy, may I beg you will conduct Captain Hamilton to his bed-chamber. where he will remain under arrest Mil to-morrow morning ?" He was turning away, when I heard Lundy imultlter something about *' (parole," at most spiteiM suggestion from one that was so well aware of Mr. Hamilton's temper. Well he know that this word once given had been on effectual fetter to Grim, and one he had never tried to rid himself of, His Lord ship knew it also, for which I was most (phianikiiul, through my best gave one time there Bil bait choked me. " Sir," said (he, turning in Mr. Limtly wirth a farce without might well have struck fairn silent, " I'm not in the habit of accepting suggestions from my subordin- rates." " It might be better if you did, for all that," said Lundy, quite- unabashed. " Came away, Hamilton ; I'll have to rope ye." " A guard at the door and at the window will he sufficient," said my lord, " amid Hlhait no one enters the room." "My lord," I extakulmed where I stood, I " may not I go to my husband ?" He looked up, and caught my eye. " You may, madam ; but no one else." | His glance had a meaning in it there I tried to fathom, but in vain. (Perhaps it was some hhuVhe wished to give me of the mode wherein I might contrive Captain Hamilton's escape. But even whiles I had been listening to them, again had sprung up full grown, as one might say, in my head. It was as if a -chart la/I plain before mine eyes, with my course laid down thereon and not tny/coureel alone, but every rock and shoal whereon my ship was like to strike or stick. > Here was the plan. Attached to my room there is a closet that is my -ward robe ; it hath a door that is commonly kept locked, which opens into the ser rains' quarters. (Nothing ''could he I easier than that Captain Hamilton i should leave the room by this door ; but then, of course, began the danger of detection. Four of the escort of six ßoldiersjfcatjhad accompanied.my,lord would be in that part of the house ; 'twas very possible that one of these might recognise him. But even while I thought of that risk I thought of half- a-dozen expedients to lessen it. The sentinel that was to be placed below the window in the court was a more serious obstacle. Yet there was a way of passing him that seemed mighty simple, as I considered 'it. Would Fortune but stand my friend, it appeared to me that Captain Hamilton's escape was as good as made. The great danger was lest his promise, refused by my lord (with how much of friendship !) should be pledged to Lundy before I could prevent it. And in truth, as he came upstairs in Luucly's custody, it seemed as though this were about to be done in my very hearing. "You are a friend, Lundy, after all," said he, " and I beg your pardon for the word I made use of to you a minute ago I thank you for the proposal you made to my lord, though it had no success." Could anything seem more likely than that Lundy should 'thereupon renew the offer ? But he forbore. Perhaps he feared that Lord Mountjoy should hear it, for the door of the dining-room stood wide open. As if everything conspired to forward my design, the two gentlemen, setting foot upon the landing where we stood, discovered Rosa to be on the very point of fainting. I had never marked her, being so rapt in my planning. But "here was the very diversion I desired and in the confusion of calling to Cargill and to Margery, I succeeded in whispering to Captain Hamilton that he should on no account pledge his parole d'honneur to attempt no escape for I had a plan that seemed feasible enough to get him away. Then, pretending more care for Rosa than I fear I felt for truly it was no time for me to abandon myself to pity for another woman's weakness, when a man's life hung on mine own, I desired to have Mr. Browning informed of his sister's state. As was to be looked for, he was with us in a moment. I told him, to have the opportunity of a word apart (for his assistance was most essential to any plan), that there was cold water in plenty in my room, would he but help me to fetch it. And the moment we were within the door, I begged him to ask a pass of my lord Viscount, for himself and his servant to leave at midnight. He had no servant in the house ; but he smiled, understanding me as a woman might have done. I fear 'is of no use. and that he will not grant it," said he. " But I will ask it." " ,, " Ay, do," said I. And in another moment we were with the rest. Not one of them seemed to have marked our absence ; but Rosa had somewhat recovered, and was fit to 'be supported back into the withdraw ing-room. It was Captain Hamilton's arm she clung to. To be sure, he was in a sort her brother, and she thought his danger greater than it was Colonel Lundy kept as close to him as his shadow, and at that I could have smiled, for my warning was given. It was Cargill I wished to speak to at that moment, and that was so easy that it needed no contriving. I desired he would have two horses in readiness for Captain Browning, who would leave 'CloncaUy at midnight with his servant. At that Cargill opened his eyes. Then. T ordered further that he would bring a suit of his own clothes at once into Captain Hamilton's bed-chamber and at that he smiled, smoking, as they say, my whole plot. But it mattered nothing, for he is as true as steel. Then I went into the room after the rest, to find Colonel Lundy in the act of order- ing my husband into his bedroom. He had, he declared, allowed him already more grace than he might be able easily to answer for to my lord. It was to no purpose that Captain Hamilton begged for only a few minutes longer, that he might first see Rosa perfectly restored to herself : Lundy was inexorable. shot another moment would he grant ; Captain Hamilton must go at once into his prison. Hereupon Rosa professed herself too weary and too sick at heart to ride back to Derry that night. It was much my will that she should remain at Cloncurry, and I would have gone with her to see her comfortably bestowed in her chamber ; but Lundy had a word to say to that. " Mrs. Hamilton," said he, -" if you wish to remain with your husband, as my lord hath given you leave you must even leave Mrs. Murray to the care of your waiting-woman, and come with us. When once I have shut the door on Hamilton, I shall not suffer it to be opened again to-night, I promise you." In vain I pleaded, promising to come alone to the door of the room ; he was harder to move than any rook. SovL even did as he ordered, finding my ill opinion of him nowise lessened by his harshness and the manners of a bluff soldier that he had assumed. I placed Rosa in her brother's arms ; I kissed her, and gave Margery charge to send upon her in my place. Then. I went into mine own room, followed by Captain Hamilton. But before I could open to him a word of what I meant to do, Colonel Lundy came in after us, and shut the door behind him. ) (To be continued on Saturday.) " '"Hebe," In the "'" Gerottewomiam," records a Dickens anecdote told her by an American friend. A " Walter Scott" party was once given by a well-known Boston family, and ran 'invitations was sent to Charles Dickens, who happened to be staying in their little city of culture at the time. Every guest vWaa*eJsked to appeal in the character of one of Scott's most famous (heroes or heroines. The excitement as to wOvWh character (might be chosen by Dickens was till its (height on the eventful evening, when, to the * surprise of everybody present, In walked the novelist m simple evening dress. "I should like to know,-" said the host which here you mean to represent'?" " Why, she," replied Tick ena, " I am a character you will find in any one of Scott's novels to be named. Lam the ' gentle reader.' " ' 'A locomotive engine to travel ninety miles an hour is being built at Philadelphia, U.S.A. Its peculiarity lies in the fact that its driving wheels do not come in direct contact with the railway metals. They will be raised about SOn. above, and each driving-wheel will rest upon and between two smaller wheels, which in, turn will rest upon and between three other wheels that finally rest on the-rails. TheMnstant the drivers of the locomotive begin to turn they, necessarily through friction give an opposite rotary motion to the small. wheels upon which they bear, and these small wheels Just as necessarily give ' a forward rotary motion to the third set of wheels upon which they are bearing. The result is that in place of one wheel gripping the railway metal there are three, and a proportionate driving power is obtained, in addition this new invention will, it is claimed, save millions of dollars through the diminished wear and tear upon the rails, for the weight of locomotives will then be further distributed along the track, and at no point of any rate will there be a pressure more than one-third as great as is now exerted by the driving wheels. - 