; rL t zar n RE RVD.] NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By the author of "Er FFIF SSTON J" SJIE M?ELI . u LUCy, T FCTORy GIRL, .uSV C . . 'E UUTC"ETs.Lcu, Tim uu-?,Q,.,, " I can't believe it," cried Albert Clayton, I with his usual generosity of sentiment and r freedom from suspicion. "It's. impossible that yon app1earance of shame and remorse I tould be deceptive, or tho hearty satisfaction r with which he espoused our side. tBad as he I was 'Walsh had not a ineaking, smooth, do- I geiving way-with-hism. I have studied him a good deal, and I believe he is what he I seems, whether he means well or ill. He i can't put a face or act a part." t "But how explain this sudden and unex- t pected flighlt?" asked William in a tone of e incredulity. d "Call it absence, not flight," returned v Albert. "Iuexplicable it is to us now, but I wait a little, and in all likelihood hae will ex- at pai::i it himself." hlis listeners shook their heads,, Mrs the others feare or. i Sino counselled the instant adoption of measures 0 to frustrate any attack which might be made opon them. If W~alsh was gone to tell all he t' had learned, and all that had happened him, k thter was no doubt that Lady Clayton and u Chipps would with all speed try to remedy ti the misfortune. Still Albert clung to his hope in the reality nr of Walsh's repentance, and would not admit it that ihe thought he had turned traitor. And so the day passed, and he did not return. A rho morrow arrived, and still he came not. cl All the forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and waited for him. At P dark they were seated in the blue parlour, t" each more convinced than ever that' he had a betrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this, but he did not so readily and confidently 0 express his faith in him. ft As they sat conversing on the subject, the k door was quietly opened, and Walsh glided P in and sat down in the nearest chair he came C to. A universal exclamation- greeted his ap- h pearance, and all rose and gazed upon him. I Ito was very pale and seemed wearied and It exhausted. His iachest heaved, as if it was h weak and panting for breath, but there was b a light of pleasure in his eye, and an expres- rt sion of satisfaction on his features. al "Oh, James, where have you been?" N asked his wife, as she hurriedly approached Ii him. "You thought, of course, that I had do- P serted," he said, in a faint tone-" gone off it to see Chipps with information against you n all Ah, I see you did. Well, don't wonder d at it, for I deserve to be suspected, and the aI secret way I went off looked traitorous." a5 ': We had all. bad thoughts of you except Albert," cried William Sime. " He would r never allow us to say that you had turned h; false, but was strong in the belief that you tr would return with an explanation." I "Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walsh, his t face flushing with pleasure. "Were you so " generous towards mo-you who had most It cause to distrust me ?" jI "Pooh," rejoined Albert, "I am pretty n good at knowing what stuff a man is made U of, and I saw that there was no humbug Ih "Bles you for your good opinion, sir," it rejoined Walsh; in a grateful tone. "It is as not the first time you have said so, and your in words, as much as anything, made me re- Ith solve to do right. Well, I would have told of you I' was going,'but I thought if' you know -my intentions yon might try to hinder me. ri Besides, I did not know if I would succeed, he and I don't like anybody to know when I so fail. However, I haven't failed, for here's hi the paper." at And as he spoke he drew from his bosom a tr folded document, and handed it to Nelly, PI who stood in front of him. tt " My father's will !" exclaimed Nelly, who ki recognised it in a moment, and stood with it of in her hand, staring at Walsh in astonish- w ment. it 'The latter nodded, winked, and smiled ina sn satisfied sway. . "How in all the world did you get it?" in- a quired Albert. si " Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. a "1 couldn't rest till I got that paper, for I 0 thought it would be some small atonement to al the girl for my share in her bad usage, and fi serve to show you all it was no sham repent. ante that I professed." " Then you saw Chipps and demanded it as of him." "Not likely," returned Walsh. -" I knew d that was the worst way to go about it, so I tl did-not attempt it.: Chipps knows niothing p about it being here, but thinks it quite safe in rn his secret drawer. How I got it there, or t into the house at all without anybody- seeing it me, it doesn't matter. There's the will, and a both Bob Preston and Chipps are done out of e the property." " Bravo!" cried Albert.- ii That's a stun- a ning trick. We have the ball wholly at our d feet now; they are baffled at every point." d " -"'Oh, James-James!" screamed Mfrs. Walsh, as she sprang forward to support her t husband, wlto had suddenly'placed his hand upoli his breast.- She was just in time to re- i ceive him as he fell heavily forward. IIe I had fainted. 1. This threw them all into great agitation, - out by Albert's presence of mind he was 1 promptly conveyed to the room he had so I long occupied, and laid upon hIis bed. In a i few miunutes he revived, and confessed that the journoy had been too much for him, and 1bthait' aklinoakeed him up a good bit, but t he had no doubt a few hours rest would re wive him." I "Tell me," cried Albert, who had a pain-. :ful suspicion of the true state of the ease, I -" did you spend any portion of last night in tbhe open air." .3.Valsh hesitated a few mnoments. " Well, yes, I dIid," Itshe at letngth replied. "I was forced eto wai t a while opposite I Chipp's door for a-i ,p,--t rlunity to get into the house. As Irick wtoult Ihave it, he did not soon go to bed, :nud I had to stand waiting for a couple of hours or so." " And where did you spend the rest of the night?" asked Albert. " Oh, in a snug place," returned Walsh. ".' Was it under a roof ?" 'TWell," laIughedl Walsh. "if you will haveo it, I spent the rest of a night in a hay stack outside the town. I hald strong reasons for not going to any liouso in Leeds, as I wanted to be off here by tle first train." S" I was sure you had spent the night in such a place," observed Albert, shaking his head. -I"How did you guess it ?" asked Jim, with a curious look. "By thos se seds on your coat," was the quiet answer. " Gad, sir, you would make a capital de tective," said Jim. "But," he continued, "I was baulked after all, for I fell sound asleep, and didn't wake in the mornling till after the train had passed. The next was a mail. and confound it, I hadn't the full far.e, aso I had to walk several miles." "Good God !" ejaculated Albert. " The exposure and fatigue after such a fever." i "Mfy poor husband," sighed MIrs. Waists, aer arms about his neck and kissing him. Mtararet also came forward and took his -Z- . . . . ~ --~ .. . .. . . . . .. hand and Nelly said ho?w very sorry she was that lie had endured so much for her. " What was it to what'-you endured at my hands?" returned Walsh; who was shaking and shivering with a new attack of fever. He strove hard to suppress all manifestation of suffering, but soon his brain was again affected, and once.more the fever-fiend had him in his power. Weak as he was, this re lapseshook and shattered him to a terrible degree. On the eighth day-the doctor told him that the crisis was come,, and shook his head sadly in prospect of the issue. He was then sleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not the calm, tranquil slumber he had formerly enjoyed, when the delirium left him. The doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. About midnight Walsh awoke and knew them all. The doctor took hold of his" arm and felt his pulse. It was wild and ir regular. lie ordered soothing powders and ross to gos t anxiou4s watchers, who asked his opinion of the state of the patient. " Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, doc tor," sobbed the weeping wife. " Out of a kind feeling you may be tempted to deceive us, but it will be a mercy to declare to us the truth." "I am glad you have put it to me thus," returned the doctor. " My painful duty is to inform you that he will not recover." " God's will be done," groaned Mfrs.Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to the chamber of sickness. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to Mary. She was too true to his bcst interests to deceive him, and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, tbut however firmly and composedly they may be able to look at it, to most it is dreadful to contem plate, while to some it is utterly appalling. Of the latter number was Jim WValsh. The circumstances in which the solemn prospect had approached him, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately he had scoffed at the hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah, but.that was when he was strong and full of robust life-it was when he was in the full I and unchecked tide of his wicked- career. Now he was stricken down with weakness, life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with the solemn I problem. He could not so scoff and sneer at a itnow. The divine witness within him rose up to force its claims on his attention, and the deep instincts of his soul would not cast aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentiallyrelated. - There are men in our day who, led on mainly by scientific research and 'discovery, have gone far astray' from the ancient land marks. The Bible, they say, is for the most part a collection of ocantiful fairy tales, im mortality is a mere matter of opinion, God is 5 "an eternal, not ourselves," or "' a stream of tendency " that makes for righteousness, and life itself is a thing to be lived in righteous- e ness and self-denial certainly, but not as in the sight of a divinity that shapes our ends. It is, however, in the day of sorrow, in the I itself to us, and wes feel: that the great articles of our faith. rest not upon doubtful interpretations of obscure passages, but upon the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives. The result briefly and shudderingly ar- k rived at by Walsh was that there was a t hereafter, and he was about to meet it. We say shudderingly;.for if it meant anything to him it meant retribution. Ther he lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of a transgressions, any single one of which must r produce a fearful' reckoning. No wonder then that Jim Walsh was appalled when he knoew that he had only a fily days-perhaps only afow hours-to live. One comfort there v was for him, andho could nothelpclingingto t it. His last deed-that one in the' doing of Y which he had virtually sacrificed his lif- was of an atoning kind -atoning, that is, in , a human sense; for it was the rendering a signal service to a girl be had wronged. lbe was not a little satisfied at having done it, oven though ithad led him within the portals and shadow of death. But oh ! he bitterly felt that this availed not to atone -for his wasted life--hislongcourse of vice and crime -and in his extremity he asked his weeping wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted hima, and duringthat time by the help and direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, he was prepared in some small degree for the -dread realities of that world on which he was about to enter. He was told in what direction to look, on whom to'rely, and taught to repeat a hymn; which he uttered with a vehement earnestness. SOn'this raft he committed his departing soul to the dark and swelling Jordan. Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down the eternal rapids? And yet'he could not presume to depict an end like his in colors too bright. At the best it was a despairing venture, and the trust lie was enabled to place in Divine mercy was a trembling trust. HIis hope sprang out of utter abandonmlent ; his faith could not, perhaps, be defined. And so hlie died; and his faithful wile, whil had wiped the death-damp from his brow, closed his eyes and breathed a prayer for his flutter ing soul, about to wing its way to the bar of judgment. Let the veil hang down, let none of its Fable folds lie disturbedl, let us leave the dead one to the justice and mercy that reigns be hind it, assured that mercy will joyfully Sdescend where justice can give her roIom. I e was buried in the Necropolis, followed to the grave by very few, but Albert Clay ton and William Sime lowered the coilin re verently into the grave, and the former i dropped a tear on the lid before the earth had time to fall and cover it for ever up. OOn their way lack, when paising a stationer's shop, Albert chanced to glance at a printed bill lwhich containeid the contentsof that miorning's paper, and one liine which i met his eye caused iim to pause and start. The line was this: "Death of SirIliumphrcy Clayton." ALaBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIIEW SWITHI MI. BLELL, TIlE SOLICITOIR [ CIII'PIPS AND BO PRIESTON WONDER WHIIAT HAS BECOME OF WAISH.SI. Alb.rtruihedl iinto sht shop and bough a s newspupcr, and he and William wi,.nt into an entry to relad an nccount of Sir IIulmpirey's 1 death. It was a short parsgr.ilih. ind stated that the BC.ronet had dieid suddienly, two days a previouslyat the famiily residence in Lelds. It was iadded tlsat. owvtng to the recent imelanclholy death of his son, the estate would go to the itchil ol his third marriige, who, being u minor, I woull no doubt be placed undelr trustees. ii" This event calls for prompt action on my Spart," exclainli-d Albert, as hurriedly foldiing , p the plaper tlhey issued again into the street. " I iinlst ilstaitly be off to Leeds, and try i ot my resoltion of consulting with Mr. Bell, and pLuttilg the case into his hands." S Accordingly, that tafternoon. Albert, in his meki.s-ui, es a Frenchman,wsith wig, moustaches, I and pectaclest depaltted in the train. It was cark wheii he reached Lbeds, and he pfoceedcd direct to Mr. Bell's chambers. He had not seen that gentleman for several years-seldom. indeed, since he had ceased to act as his father's lawyer. He wondered, there fore if he would recognise him, nod thought if he did, what a shok lie would receive on being visited by one whom he cousidered dead. Musing thus,ho rang the bell of the solicitor's chambers, and the answer to his inquiry, if Mr. Bell was within, was made hesitatingly in the altirmative. The girl looked with a mixture of curiosity and suspicion at the very French-look ng persoonage who stood before her, and held the door in her hand without inviting him to colne ill. " Can I not sec Air. Bell ? " inquired Albert. ' I hie engaged "' "' I think he is," she answered. " Ile hasb just got diner, andl he always has a sleep after it. Perhaps you would c.dl again if your bushit.ess is not very important." " It does happen to be impoetant, though," observed Albert ; " and as he is closeted only with Mlorphsus,1'll take the risk of interuptiung the consultation. Will you Ilease, therefore, o show me to his room ? " Seeing that the queer-looking visitor was not to be put off; the girl led the way along the lobby, and showed him into a roolm shelved a rouan ael furnished with a very large business table This was evidently the solicitor's office. t The table, itomtense as it was,groaned under the piles of tape-secured papers. The shelves were lilled with humerous other packages and neatly I painted till boxes. In front of the table was a apacions chair. covered with black leather, and d It one side was a cushioned sofa, apparently for h she aceummodatitiot of visitors Albert sat down on tle latter, and had not 1a i longt Ihen th door opnCrdc and thlt1 a% _r rteree, rubli g his eyes, snich were lcety in tlt extremre.- Clearly enough behad ii :ero roused from a houndl nap.i Mr. Bell had hmore the appearance of a jolly, o cvial aldeetman than a lawyer. Iliscorprra. iol was really somethinlg to boast of, beitng not :tIly huge, but well-Fyroportioned, and sustained s ya ulpar of stout sturdy utderstadliugs. Iis it teck was somewhat short, but upon it there cas a large round head, well covered with light, :urly hair. He bad a pleastrrt, open expression rf countenance, a small mouth, a short nose, ed a very sparkling and intelligent eye, eough at that moment it was, as we have said, na very drowsy state. One very prominent cature was a broad expansive brow, showing full development of the reasoning powers, ed giving ssurance thant he was intellectually lualitied fr his profe-sion. Bestowing a look of ioqoiry on his visitor, lr. Bell went forward to the table," and de- 1 mosited his corpulent body in the easy chair, tuting which process Albert was quietly direst- If ng himself of his wig, noustaches, and specte- E les, wherebhy he was changed from a shoulder- ti ,rugging Frenchman into a well-favoured L riothl with a bright, laughing eye. The metamerphesis naturally made the law. s er look at him more narrowly and fixedly. "A medieal student who has got himself into L scrape,"thoughttIr.Bell,who but dimly caught e ight of his atentuns. Albert rase and cime'silently to the other side fi I the table, where the gas shone full upon him. I Ihere he stood with his rouud blue eye lixed on c he lawyer, and a smile playing round his uouth. Mr. Bell started,rubbed his eyes more vigour usly than before, and stared at the youth in stontishment. It requires something very ex- I raordinary to throw a lawyer-cepecally a hrewd, self- possessed lawyer like Mlr Bell uto such visible amazement. I For some moments Albert spoke not, but toed enjoying tie astonishmeut and perplexity lepieted on the other's face. " Do you know me, Mr. Bell ? " he at length i sked,striving all he could to suppress a twinkle o bhi eye. f " Know you ? " repeated the astonished law, i cr. " I think I do, and if I do, by Heaven I I lust be speaking to a ghost." Albert laughed outright. tl " Does a ghost cinmn disguised in wig and ri pectaclcs ? " he said. d " I don't know," answered the solicitor. " I ever had a visit from one before." " I should think not. Well I am not one a ither. I am distinctly in the body, I can assure Ou." h "Then atn I right in supposing you to be hr. Albert Clayton ?" ymYorf inever ere more correct with a sup-n " Certainly not. I was very nearly murder d there, but, as good luck would have it, I was ulled out after my murderer had oorne off, coming thathis kind ienentions towards mehad cen entirely fulfilled. My deliverers restored is to animation, and I thouhbt it as well to le eep retired for a titme. My father's death ihas. owever, brought me out of coocealment, and I b ave come to you to get advice, and in fact to it ut myself and a very singular case in your suds." " Bless my soul and body! I was never more stonished in all my life," ejaculated Mr. Bell, covering rapidly, and getting into his usuar tate of coolness. " It was an intended murder,. as it ? Who wanted you out of the way ?" " My stepmother. Lady Clayton." "Good HIeaven ! was that the way of it ? She rished the estale for her own child, and hired he man who went with you to the lake to put t on out of the way ?" S'That is exactly it," replied Albert. " It is a shockng busiuness : and they say they mink you are dead ?" t "They've not a doubt of it--neither her lady- v hip nor lIr. Chipps, her lawyer." " Iln " exclaimed the solicitor, catching his reath, " had Chilps a hand in it ?" '" He was art and part. lIe it was who cranged with the murderer, and bargained for ls serviceb." " Vell, I'm glad of that. I've long had a tatred of that low, eunnirg blackguard, but if re can make this out 1 have hint neck anrd hee n his own trap. I would give a good deal to ce the long-necked rascal swioging in a hal cr. and her ladyship with him, for I hare al Nays been of opinion that they are equally ad." " Six and half a dozen," rejoined Albert. L SHowever bad they are we can't put them in a uhlter, for you see no murder was committed." "" We ean transport them, though." " Possibly, but 1 don't want that, either. ti Lt I want is to ballie them both by getting L1te cr-ate for the rightful heir." " Aty easy matter that, at all e'certs,' said Mr-. B-II. " All you have to do is to turn up at tt. h.,u.c and get yourself served." " Myself ? No, no, I am not the hbrir." " Yve are toot the liir of Clayton ?" said Mr. elt, e great surprire. " 'cteU who is P" tly nephew. The only son of my elier tr.rt.r." "' Whew l" eaid the solicitor, laying hris two ands ot his ample paunch. to Another yo"stery." " Yes ; nld more of thIe same vile plot. But I think it better to lay the story before you ic detail. It is rather a long one, Ibut as it will ;ive yeo informartion which it isof the utmost irnportance that you should have, if you can spare he time. I shalbl-" I " Say no more," cried Mr. Bell. who was now frtlly it'terested. " I am diseugrgrdt for the vening, aRd were I not, I would marne myself t free, tor trhis is a matter of paramount import snce. Just walt till we get a bottle of wine, rnd the let me have thle whole affair." i "A hotttle of wine ad two glasse, Bessie." " Ys, sir." Bessie vanisheld, and quickly returned with Lhe articles named. It was somethig rich to ,ee how she stared, first at Albert, and then at tie wig and spectacles that lay on the tablle. She was too discreet a servant, however, to take auy furtber notice, and made her exit, after bestowing another wondering glance on the otratng, vtsitar. " Now for It,".said Ir. Bell. pouring outs class for hiomserlf, banding the bottle across,and laying himself out at full length in his easy chair. Albert drew forward the seat to which MIr. tell pIoilnted, sat himself down and begane his unarrative. Briefly,yet succinctly and mihutely, oe gave the substance of all with which th~e render has beenr made acqoainted in the fore oing chlapters. The lawyer listenedl not only eith Ipatience, but with absorbed rattention- he story, as it was toln, bringing to hIris face varied expressions of indlign'tion, satisfaction, ndl delighrt. At that point whLich relted to Iarry, 'ntl thIre crurtlly to whirh he was sublert : at the hands of Chipps, his teeth wre aset irmly trrgtl:er. Ilis eyes flastled anod Iis handst writchetd ervously. The villaoous plot against !elly likewise provoked him to horest anger, rut other peorlitous, epecally towartl the close, t "lieh rale all things secure for justice, gave teL itrttsr' drlighlt. " Gad, ar. Claytor," he exclaimed. when hlbet was dolne, " we have the tall entirely at or feet. You have managed the matter nobly, Slbl circllunrstanee have played into our hadIls sihaingular good leck. e are in a posrition to I yhiver their hellitsh sche'e to atoms, and I shall tain a triumph over Chipps wthch will lully eriay the evil trick he anlt her ladyshlip did in letting me ousted as your father's ogent." I " That,': raturne, Albert, " was a step I lrourgly rinapprod of nur deplored, hot m Iy 'nhhnc was geting weak in the u.._ o.d J¢..___c el line ganed- sunh[ powst o ver 6ilm ; is n ter turn, A suspect, being the puppet of Jhippo." " Oh, I understand the thing perfectly," said Ir IBell. " It does,'t matler now, for we can netli them, and that's everythiud The deoth of Walsh, of course, prevents un from paesvine tgaeiut them the crime of mtendled muder,anl, as you say, it might d nos good to bring upl Jhipps for his conduct to the poor boy. It will oo enough of revenge to as nil mlortification to ;hem to knock away every plank from beneath ;heir feet, and leave them floundering in the nud." " Then you will take the case m hand ?" said ,he youth. " Won't I !" exclaimed the solicitor. " Never lid I enter on one with more gusto. L,.t tme ece now. If they are audacious enough to show ight, as I believe they will-for Chipps,likb the xorm that he is,will crawl thougl he is chopped Inte bits-of course, their defence against the :laims of harry will be that he is illegitinmate. a Deborah Irickon can prove the opposite,' said Albert, hastly. " Of course she can; and probably we shall be able to hunt up the certlficale. BUt the plea, even if it stood geeood, would not help them a oit, for supcose Harry's claim set aside, you :ome in next. They can't make you abastard on any pretence." "l'Thank goodness. no," said Albert emphatic ally. 'But Harry is nor illegitimeatc,and nothing shall keep him out of the estate; I would not take it, even if the law gave it to me." " Well, well," smiled Mr. Bell, " all very good. I duto't think you'll have tn olpportunity for the display of such mugnanimity, for, if I care rely on all the Iortts of your Mbery. as no doubt I may, it will not be dilieult to make the boy's claim good. It is tile dlrty of a lawyer to anticipate and consider tihe dole re which it is probable or possible for the opposite to make. I Sn meanes think it hkelyv that Chiplps will ad vise her ladyship to contet tlarry's riglht, se ing that neither his olrccrm nor his failure canl do her the least goo:l. Besides, you are the only party to take steps agninst him. And were you ai greedy. grasping adventurer, and I a law yer of the Chilpps stamplll, I hlave no doubt we might manage to defraud the boy, and put you in the possession of Clayton." (To on noONTINUED.) 