LIFE IN JOHANNESBURG. THE PROSPECTS OF EMPLOY MENT. LETTER FROM A SYDNEY MECHANIC. Mr. Georgo E. Wallis, of Forest Lodge, has received a letter, from which the following are extracts, from a friend who has settled In Johannesburg. He writes from the standpoint of one who has visited that city In auest of nrofltable emDlovment. and his letter will therefore be of Interest to the many who are anxious to visit Johannesburg for a similar purpose. The writer says:— "February 23. Work Is by no means plentiful, and the bosses are reducing the wages. I was out threo days after finishing one job. At ono Job I applied at I was offered £4, which I refused, of course; and I hear that on the same Job men are working for £3. (Germans, of course.) I am now only getting £4 10s, which is the lowest I mean to take. Of course It was Just my luck to start a day beforo the explosion. Z could easily have got 25s a day glazing, for a week at all events, but I didn't like turning it up, as tho boss is a decent fellow. £4 10s a week is tho regular thing for what are called good painters here. I find it Is a fluko to get more, except It is on a mine, where they work 10 hours a day. "This explosion (of which more anon) has made tho building trade look up a bit, of course, as over 600 houses of one sort or another will bavo to be re built; but they are mostly very small shanties, occu pied by Hindoos, Syrians, Jews, Kaffirs, and every Imaginable variety of colored races (and Dutch men!). "There is a pretty full account of the explosion In tho paper I send you, but tho descriptions given quite fail to give a proper conception or appreciation of the catastrophe. I went out yesterday afternoon, and spent about two hours on the spot and vicinity, and also went to the bottom of the big hole excavated by tho dynamite, which looks like a dry dock In pro cess of construction. Small bits of steel rails and steel sleepers lie around, crumpled up and torn like bits of brown paper. As to where the woodwork and most of the Ironwork of the trucks is, it would bo Impossible to say. Every house within 500 yards is completely and utterly destroyed. Literally not ono stick is left upon another, nor in tho mass of frag ments is it easy to tell whether any furniture was inside, the mangled remains of iron bedsteads, twis ted and torn to pieces, being about the most frequent articles to meet the eye. I noticed a good-sized clock- case, quite uninjured except for tho door being mis sing, but tho worlts had disappeared with the solo exception of the wire on which the hours aro struck, and this was straightened out; also a piano, the key board of which was blown through to tho back, so as to face the back instead of tho front. How that was dono would puzzio old Solomon, I think. Furthor away the houses are only pushed down, roofs off, doors disappeared, and generally wrecked, so as to require pulling down (and a great many won't need much pulling, either!), and for two miles round windows were broken in every direction. Most of tho shops in the business part of the town had many of their plateglas3 windows smashed up. A shop aa big as Horderns', in Pltt-3trcot, bad every window broken, and for a length equal to, say, from Hunter- street to Liverpool-street, hardly a single house or shop escaped in tho principal streets, and you must remember the nearest, part of them was at least a mile from the scene of explosion. "March 1.— Everything hero Is still dear, although much better than when I first arrived; tho lMslb. loaf is still 6d, which, it appears, is the usual price; only it now really weighs l&lb.;, but when we arrived, and for a month after, it did not weigh lib. Biscuits are Is Cd per lb., sugar 4d, butter 26 Cd, If you want to eat It, tea 2s to 2s, coffee (bad) 2s, meat 9d, flour wholesale, 2 Ss 1001b, bag. It is the double duties and tho heavy railway char ges which mako things so dear, and the Netherlands Railway Company, which owns the railways in the Transvaal, tries its best to handicap all British goods and firms by purposely delaying goods In transit, and in this it is generally believed they havo the secret approval of the Boer Government (ICru- ger and Co.). How this company will get out of their liability for tho recent explosion remains to be seen, for if the laws relating to tho carriage of ex- Dloslves had been observed It could not havo hap pened. But the company can do as it likes with little fear of results. Fancy, 56 tons of dynamite standing three whole days out in the blazing suu, and, altogether, In. a thickly peopled locality! The law says that it must not be allowed to stay at any station at all. If the consignee Is not there to take It away at once, it must be removed to some place four miles from any station or houses. The com pany has given £10,0Q0 to the relief fund (no doubt to disarm public resentment). The wealthy men here are certainly very free with their money. The same evening of the explosion £43,000 was subscribed; there were five donations of £5000 each, one of £4000, and tho rest in £1000, £500; it now amounts to over £105,000, and her Majesty has telegraphed (at the public expense!) her 'sympathy.' "Moat of the Germans who were In tho Nineveh have joined the 'Zarps,' as tho local police are called. 1 am 'down on' the Germans now; they have free entry Into all the British colonies, and havo just tho some rights as an Englishman, and the first opportunity thoy get they do thoir best to in jure England. Of course no Britisher has the ghost of a show of employment in any form under the Boer Government. Since I've been here I have come to the conclusion that the sooner this country Is annexed by Great Britain the better it will be for everyone, the Boers Included. They are so ignorant and cut of touch with the world. All their Ideas belong to tho last century, and their strongest feel ing is that of hatred, mixed with fear, of England, although many of them believe that they could whip England if thoy went to war with her! Still they havo a lurking fear that they would como to grief in the struggle. You must remember that men, women, and children don't exceed 100,000, and you will have some Idea of their Incredible stupidity and conceit. "As a sample of their 'management,' take the Post-ofilco here. There is no delivery at all! Everyone has to go and get their letters at tho post- office, which Is a small place, about the 6amo size as the Paddington ono or William-street, and this for a town of at least 100,000 inhabitants. You may imagine what it Is like whenever an English or Australian mall Is delivered; there are only two clerks to attend to a crowd of several hundreds, most of whom have to wait in tho street. It is at least a week before many have a chanco to get their letters. At the newspaper counter there is only one clerk, and ho dumps down all tho papers undor a letter, such as N, for instance, in my case, and leaves ono to tako what he likes out of them. And of course many are not too particular. I heard one man say to another, 'Well, I'm going to tako the first "Bulletin" or "Australasian" I como across,' and the other only laughed. The money order and tho savings bank departments have only one clerk each, and when you remember that nine-tenths of all the revenuo of tho country is raised from the Rand and Johannesburg, and is spent in Pretoria, and in buying arms and ammunition in Germany for the purpose of keeping it in subjection, instead of in the place of necessary work, such as sanitary ar rangements and water supply, etc., you get some faint Idea of the spirit which animates them (the Boors). "Tho sanitary arrangements here aro simply abomi nable, aud qulto account for tho provalonco of ty« pliua fever and smallpox. Tho only thing to wonder at Is that both diseases are not much worse. The hospital was quite full, and could, if thoy had room, linve 100 more, all fever pntlonta, and all whites. The blacks rto made to lie outside In teats. This was beforo tho explosion. "To give you somo Idea of tho rents here In tho better parts of tbo town: The house I am working In has nine rooms and a kltchon, and bathroom, and pantry, also stables, aud tho rent la £35 a month. A four-roomed cottago la not considered dear at £10 a month, and a furnished single room can hardly bo had under £1 a week! Tho mines hero arc quite different to what I imagined them to be, aud in. general appearance moro resemble a largo park than anything else; for, except just where tho shafts and engine houses are, the country is llko meadow lands. Here and thcro aro dotted tho houses of the mana gers somo of them very pretty, and surrounded with a grove of gum troos and wattles. Thore is also qulto a village of low, long buildings for tho workmen, niggers, otc. Many of the mines employ over 1000 niggers ('boys,' as they call thorn here), and altogether about 35,000 are .employed on the Rand. But at a distance the whole of tho ground occupied by the mines certainly looks like a park, as tho numerous plantations of trees, and tho slightly undulating ground stretching away as far as the eye can seo, havo a pleasant effect. "Considering that nine years ago there was not a single tree of any kind on tho veldt, and that now Johannesburg is by far tho be3t. planted town I havo ever beon In, you will zoo that in somo re spects at least good work has been dono here. The bad parts are the streets. They aro either not made at all, or vory badly dono, and not lighted at all, ex cept In tho very centre of tho city. It Is positively horrid to go out after dark In wot weather. Ono is sure to plungo Into numerous puddles and small rivers, as it is as dark as pitch here. I never ©aw it so dark anywhere boforo; and when not raining the streets aro from three to six or eight Inches deep with dust, which is worse than a sandy sen beach to walk through, and which a high wind sweeps up in dense clouds, in appearance Just llko a yellow London fos at its worst. "March 8th.— I soe that 300 wore on board tho boat which brought tho malls. I don't know what they are all going to do. I hear that over 50 of the Nincvltes' havo gone back. I should strongly ad- vtso peoplo not to como horo at present, and until this trouble la all settled. There is very IUUq fresh building starting. Ono architect, who had over £30,000 work ready to start prior to tho crisis, has had £25,000 of it cancelled by tho clients who em ployed him, and many others In llko proportion. Tho works caused by the explosion will not last long, and will bo mainly for carpenters, and dono as cheaply as possible. No ono but tradosmcn should como hero at all. Wages are very low In clerical or shop lines, and niggers do all laboring work, and are also chambermaids! and nurses, and everything else, except mechanics."- 