THE BASTES OF OLD COURT PLACE; OR, FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST By HEDLEY RIOHABDS, Author of " Sentence Proaoonoed," " A Weigh Prinoew," " Jho Qjairod Mystery, Eto., etc. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued). " 1 don't think you will. Dr. Gra- hame has been very much puzzled by her symptoms, and when I tell him this it will no doubt throw light on the matter. Anyway, you can be charg- ed with attempted poisoning." " Oh, Grace, you should have seen him; he was mad. I cannot tell you all he said, but he vowed he'd make Alice return to the Place. At last we came to terms. I agreed that she should go back for a fortnight, during which time he should make arrangements for a year's travelling. When he has left England, Alice and I are going to the south of England for the winter, re turning to Old Court Place in the spring. Then I shall reside with her woN d cmfwy cmfw cmfwcmcmfcmc until Martin'6 return, at the close of next summer. By that time he will no doubt be better able to appreciate her, for, you know, absence makes the heart grow fonder." "Did Alice agree to this?" " No, she strongly objected to going back at all, but I told her it would be very much better for her to do so, or Martin might refuse to allow her an in come. At last she gave in, and when the carriage from the Place came I drove there with her, in order to give my precious son-in-law a further caution. The way she cried, however, when I left her quite upset me, and I was vexed, too, as she let both Downs and the foot-man hear her say there would be trouble if I left her at the Place. I didn't care so much about Downs; but that footman will be sure to gossip about it, and I half wish I hadn't taken her back, for there was a nasty look in Martin's face which I didn't like, and Alice, poor girl, seemed almost desper ate, as she said, just before I got into the carriage: " 'What ever happens, you will re member I warned you not to bring me back.' "Oh, Grace" — and Mrs Sturt burst into tears — "I cannot get it out of my head that she may intend to take her own life;" "Ob, no; Alice won't do that," said Grace. "I don't know- She seemed just heart broken when I left her, and I keep wishing that I hadn't forced her to go back. To tell the truth, the marriage has been a failure, and I wish I'd let her have Sidney Delaney," she continued. "She would have been -happy then, poor girl," remarked Grace, sadly. "Well, I did it for the best; and I don't think Martin dare Injure her now. Any way, I shall see Dr Grahame, and I fancy this will be a good time to find him at home;" and drawing her veil over her face to hide the traces -of tears, Sturt departed. When she had gone; Grace looked at her companion, 'V "Do you think she is safe with Mar-' tln?" "For the present, as he daren't try to poison her now. Give him two or three - months, and he would find a way to get rid of her; but luckily he won't have that time. I have got a very good print from that negative, and I am going to take the train to Scorsby, as I intend giving such information to the police as will compel them to arrest Martin." "Then you have made up your mind not to spare him?" "How can I? Surely, in face of what Mrs Sturt has told us, you would not spare him?" "If the matter rested in my hands, I should give him a chance to leave the country, on the understanding that he never returned," replied Grace. "Never!" said Mrs Carruthers, em phatically. "When shall you go to Ccorsby?" "I have been looking at the time table, and I see there isn't a train until four o'clock, and I shall not be able to get back until eight." "Then I will have dinner an hour later," said Grace, very gravely. That afternoon, when Grace had seen Mrs Carruthers depart, she dressed for walking. Ever since her companion had avowed her intention of giving informa tion to the police Grace had felt miser able. She had no liking for Martin— nay she loathed him— but she shrank from being accessory to his death, and such a shameful death. At last she resolved that she would warn him, and so give him a chance to escape. Perhaps, far away, in poverty and ob scurity, he might repent. At any rate, he should have the chance; so, leaving the £ouse, she set off to pay her first visit to Old Court Place. Just as she came in sight of the park gates she saw Dr Grahame's gig drive through, and, seeing her, the doctor threw the reins to his groom and sprang out "How is Mrs Barron?" Grace inquired, anxiously. (Commenced Publication February 15.) "Much better in health. There is no return of the bad symptoms, but she is very much distressed in mind. Mrs Sturt told me she had taken you into her con fidence, so I thought I would tell you that she is quite safe to-day. Mr Bar ron has gone to York, and won't be back until half-past nine o'clock. I fancy he went on purpose to avoid me, but all the same I shall give him a hint, and of course I shall watch Mrs Barron's sym- toms until he is out of England. I won't have any tricks played," he said, stern- iy. "I don't think he will do her any in jury now," replied Grace, very gravely. She was thinking he wouldn't have the chance. "Very likely not, now lie knows I am on the alert. Weil, good afternoon, Miss Sturt;" and. raising his hat, Dr Gra hame mounted into the gig and drove away, while Grace turned slowly home ward, resolving to pay Martin a visit about ten o'clock that night. It would be disagreeable going at such an hour, but she would do it; he should have one more chance to repent. Meanwhile Mrs Carruthers had ar rived in Scorsby, and at once proceeded to the police-station, where she reques ted an interview with the superinten dent, and was at once shown into his private room. He was an elderly man with iron grey hair, and keen, inquisitive eyes, which took a rapid survey of his visitor. "Mr Kitson, I believe," she said, bow ing slightly. "Yes, madam." And he waited for her to state her business. "Before going any further, I have a slight alteration to make in my appear ance, which will, perhaps, enable you to recognise me. I know you have seen me some years ago," she said, as she quietly removed her bonnet and veil; then, by a skilful movement, she lifted the mass of white hair, and showed un derneath a crop of short curly hair of a reddish gold. Baying the wig In her lap, Mrs Carru thers next removed her blue spectacles; then, talcing a piece of sponge out of a small satchel, she rubbed the red scar off her cheek, and a further application of it caused the dark stain to disappear, revealing a delicate white skin. "Good gracious, Miss Goddard!" ex claimed the superintendent. She looked quickly at him. "You are the first person who has re cognised me, as every one else has taken me for my younger sister. But, of course, it Is daylight, and the others have seen me by moon or lamp light." "Then such a mistake might be made, for there always was a very strong like ness; but Miss Agatha— I mean Mrs Bar ron— looked younger and brighter, If you :will excuse me saying so." "Yes, but I have been taken for her spirit, and ghosts are not usually sup posed to look bright. And now for the business which has brought me here. I have come to give information regard ing my brother's murderer." He started. "Do you mean to say that you know who killed. Captain Goddard?" "Yes, Martin Barron shot him." "I suppose ydu have proof to support your statement, Miss Goddard?" "Yes, ample proof of the murder, also of the abduction of Phyllis Blount" "Good gracious!" he exclaimed, now fully on the alert "Yes, but before making a statement I must ask you to address me, for the present, as Mrs Carruthers. I am living with Miss Sturt as companion, and not wishing Martin Barron to recognise me, I adopted that name and disguised my self." "Do you mean with Miss Sturt of the Gables, Wolferdene?" he asked. "Yes; I wanted to gather a little more evidence, and I thought I could get it If I came to Wolferdene disguised. Let me see, you had charge of the case, and will of course remember the details?" "Yes, I remember them perfectly well." CHAPTER XVII.— A TRAGIC DEED. "You will remember that the bullet which killed my brother was a very small one, such as would only be used in a very small revolver .therefore could similar bullets, or a weapon into which they fitted, have been discovered, it would have been a strong piece of evi dence against the person in whose pos session they were found," said Mrs Car ruthers. "Of course it would," replied the superintendent. "Then there was a silver sleeve link found, and the police exerted them selves In vain to trace the fellow to it," she said. "Quite right," he said, bowing. "Then I tan give you some informa tion regarding these items, but first read that letter;" and Mrs Carruthers handed It to him. It ran as follows:— "Dear Maude,— For some time I have been the victim of conflicting feelings. Knowing what I do I have felt that I ought to reveal it and let Clifford's mur derer be brought to Justice; but be is my- husband, and at one time I loved him above any human being. You will understand something of the conflict which has gone on in my mind, and at last unable to decide the matter, I have resolved to leave It in your hands. I am leaving England for ever; it is my intention to settle in San Francisco. Mrs Holden's sister, who is returning to her home there, has offered me a post as companion, which I have gladly ac cepted. When I am far away you can make what use you like of the following state ment, and the proofs of Martin's guilt, which I leave with Lady Cathcart, who will hand them over to you when re quested. I should never have brought my mind to this course save for the vile insinuation, which I have repeatedly heard, that our father had murdered Clifford. A little while before the ter rible tragedy happened, Martin showed me a revolver, so small that it was al most a toy, saying that toe had bought it when travelling in Germany the pre vious summer. I asked why he car ried it, and he said that in the winter he had been attacked by a poacher, against whom he had at one time giv en evidence, and the man had vowed to be revenged; so he thought it was as well to be prepared, and though small, the weapon would do deadly work. Shortly after our marriage I found some half dozen small bullets in Mr Barron's dressing case; they were in a small cardboard box, and enclosed with them was a silver sleeve link. At the time I thought nothing of it, and did not even mention to Martin that I had seen them. After hearing of Clifford's mur der, however, and that the bullet which had killed him was an exceedingly small one, I remembered the box, and before leaving the house possessed myself of it. You will find it in Lady Cathcart's charge. That you may be guided to act justly and wisely is the prayer of your heartbroken sister, AGATHA'. P.S.— Smlthers, the gamekeeper at Old Court Parte, can testify to Martin hav ing possessed a pistol such as I describe- He could have told us to whom the bul lets belonged if he had chosen, but he was not questioned at the inquest. The sleeve-links were given to Martin by his cousin, Lucia Dare, who was in India at the time of the murder. No doubt she would recognise them from the description given in the English papers; but Lucia, who before her mar riage had a weakness for Martin, would hold her peace, particularly as she dis liked Clifford. The superintendent laid the letter down. "Is Mrs Dare still in India ?" he asked. "She is on her way home." "Very good. Now. have you the sleeve- link and the bullets ?" Mrs Carruthers opened her satchel, and took from it a small cardboard box, with an elastic band round it, and, re moving the band, she opened it, and handed the superintendent half a dozen small bullets and a silver sleeve-link. He looked at them carefully; then, crossing the room, he unocked a drawer, from which he took a bullet and a sleeve- link, which he compared with those Mrs Carruthers had given him. "The sleeve-link matches exactly, and the bullets are identical," he said, as he crossing a room, he unlocked a drawer, which he locked and then returned to his seat. "Do you recognise this ?" she said, as she placed the photograph of the idiot girl in his hand. "Why, it is Phyllis Blount! I knew her well, as your father, Sir Charles Goddard, had known my father, who was a surgeon, and he very often al lowed me to have a day's shooting on bis estate. On these occasions I always had lunoh at Blount's, so I knew Phyllis intimately." "Very well; she is living at Old Court Place." "Never !" exclaimed the superinten dent, now completely taken aback. "It is true." And Mrs Carruthers told all she knew about the idiot girl, and her suspicion that she was confined in the tower. "But it is said to have been bricked up," he replied. "I aim certadn there is a way into it, and I believe you will find the revolver there. I suppose you will arrest Mr Barron?" she said. He considered a minute or two. "Well, yes, on the two counts— murder and abduction." "When shall you arrest him ?" "To- morrow morning, early; I will get the warrant to-night" "Then I think my business is con cluded, and I suppose you won't object to me making a little alteration in my appearance ?" she said, as she crossed to the mantelpiece, over which a mirror was placed. The superintendent watched her t«ke a couple of bottles containing liquid out of her satchel, and she proceeded to stain her face and place the red scar on it. The operation was quite artistically performed, and by the time she had got her spectacles on, and her bonnet and veil adjusted, the superintendent was lost in admiration. "You make up better than any female detective I ever saw," he said as she moved towards the door. "Yes, I have found it necessary to be particular, or Mr Barron would have recognised me. Then early to-morrow morning you will arrest him. Good afternoon, Mr Kitson." "Good afternoon, madam." then as the door closed on her he thought : "I would sooner ihave that woman for my friend than my enemy. How she does hate Barron ! And after ail he did it. Well, I always suspected him, and now I must see about the warrant." When Mrs Carruthers reached the Gables it was nearly eight o'clock, so hastily changing her dress she joined Grace in the dining-room. During dinner there was very little conversation, as it was impossible while the butler was present, to discuss the subject which engrossed both their minds. When they adjourned to the drawing-room, however, Grace inquired the result of her interview with the superintendent of police, and learned that Martin would be arrested early the next morning. The next hour passed wearily. Grace was oppressed by the awful doom which threatened the man who had onee been so much to her, and she longed to be free to warn him; but she was "afraid of rousing her companion's suspicion, therefore, it was not until a little after ten that she ventured to retire, know ing that Mrs Carruthers would soon follow her example. Then the house would be closed for the night, when it was her intention to slip out of the side door and make her way to the Hall. Nor was she disappointed, as Mrs Car ruthers at once rose, saying that she might as well go to bed, though she couldn't sleep. The butler, knowing that the ladies had retired, at once extin guished the lights and saw that all was safe for the night. Grace heard him doing all this as she sat near her dressing-room window, and very soon the house was quiet. Then She rose, and wrapping herself in a' long dark cloak, she put a snug-fitting toque on her head. As she opened the door of her room, she heard the hall clock chime the quarter to eleven, and she started with dismay. What if Martin had retired ? Then she remembered that he would not have reached home until nearly ten, and he was one who always sat up late, so why, need she fear this night would be an exception ? Feeling somewhat reassured she stole down the staircase, across the hall, and passed out of the side door. Once out side the grounds she hastened on, con gratulating herself that the moon bad not risen, and that the night was un usually dark, not that she had much fear of meeting any one, as the villagers usually retired early. Now, Grace had never been "to Old Court Place, but she had seen the side entrance to the park — the one by which Mrs Carruthers had entered the night she frightened Martha Gee-so she turn ed her steps in that direction, as she knew the principal gate would be secure ly locked. It was a good walk to this side gate, and by the time she passed the church, the clock was . striking eleven. In the park she had to pause and consider in which direction the house stood, and now the darkness was a disadvantage, as she had to proceed with caution, lest she should get out of her way. It was with a feeling of dismay and fear, that she heard a distant clock chime the half -hour after eleven. "I must be near the house, and prob ably it was the clock on the stables," she thought. Her surmise proved correct, as in a minute or two she saw the outline of a large building, and shortly she came to the low iron side of the house. Standing still she scanned the house carefully, but no lights were to be seen. Then, after all, she was too late, and Martin would be handed over to justice. Perhaps, however, he might happen to be in a room on the other side; and with this reflection she turned round, and, passing the front entrance, stepped on to the velvety lawn, which stretched along the other side of the house. Just then the clock chimed the quarter to midnight. In another moment she saw a flood of light which fell from a window a few yards further on. Evidently some one was up, and it could not be any one but Martin. It was a minute's work to reach that window, and she was almost there when her arm was tightly grasped and a hoarse voice said : j "What are you going to do ?" Grace started as she recognised the voice of Mrs Carrutherg. "What are you going to. do ?" she re peated, holding Grace with a firm grasp. "Warn Martin. He is a bad man, but let him go away and repent." "You shall not da it. - He would never repent. Come away;"- and she tried to pull Grace back. "I shall give him the chance," she said, struggling to free herself. "You shall not. Do you think I will be baulked of the revenge to which I looked forward for so many years ?" said Mrs Carruthers, in a tone of con centrated passion. While she was speaking, her grasp had relaxed a little and with a strong effort Grace wrested herself free, and flew to the window; but before her companion could reach her, a piercing shriek burst from her, and as Mrs Carruthers sprang forward Grace pointed into the room. It was an awful sight that met their eyes. The blind was drawn up, and in an easy- chair facing the window sat Martin Barron with his head reclining on the leather-cushioned back,, while the blood oozed from a wound in the.breast, and trickled to the floor, where It fed with an. incessant drip, drip. Evidently he hqd been smoking when the fatal blow was given, as one hand which lay on his knee still grasped his pipe. "Is he dead?" asked Grace, in a tone of awe. "Yes; he has escaped the hangman's bands," she replied, without a touch of pity in her voice. . "is it murder?" said Grace. "Yes. He would never have taken his own life," replied Mrs Carruthers. "But, come, it won't do for us to be seen here;" and she drew Grace's arm thro ugh her own. "You won't leave him so? We had better rouse the house and send for a doctor," said Grace. "Are you mad? The murder would he laid on us. Come;" and Mrs Carruthers led her away. "Who can have done it?" exclaimed Grace. "Perhaps that poor girl, Phyllis Blount. But, come, we must be quick out of the park," said Mrs Carruthers. As she knew every inch of the ground, they reached the side gate in a much shorter time than it had taken Grace in going. By this time the moon had be come visible, and they hastened through the village, feeling thankful that the good people were sound asleep. Just as they reached the church, however, they came full upon a man who was walk ing quickly, but not too quickly to prevent him bestowing a good look upon them. "That's Purvis, the groom at the Golden Lion. I'm afraid he knows us. If so we may expect trouble," said Mrs Carruthers. "Do you mean they may connect us with the murder?" asked Grace, in a tone of horror. "I do, with good reason." "But you can prove that I am guilt less and' I can do the same for you." "I know you are innocent, hut I couldn't prove it. You might have been in that room and killed him before I saw you, or I might have done it for anything you know to the contrary." 'At these words a terrible fear took hold of Grace, and laying her hand on her companion's arm, she said: . "But you didn't do it?" . "I? No! I would have not been so merciful. He should have been tried and hanged .if I .could have had my .will. His doom has been too merciful." "Oh, don't say that; he shed blood, and he has died a violent death. Let us forgive the wrong he did us, now that he has passed away from both our mercy and anger." As Grace spoke they entered the gar den, and in a few minutes passed through the side door into the house. Once upstairs Grace drew her com panion into her dressing-room. "What made you go to Old Court Place?" she asked. "Because I mistrusted you. I knew you pitied Martin, and I thought you inten ded to warn him. I knew he had been away, so that you had not had the chance, and I felt sure you would not let the lateness of the hour stand in your way if you decided to do it. Conse quently I sat up and listened, with the result that I heard you go downstairs, then I got my cloak and bonnet and fol lowed you, but I saw Dr. Grahame ahead of me, and I had to wait Still, I reached the house fully five minutes before you did. I expect you went a roundabout way." "What were you doing all that time ?" asked Grace, vexed with herself as again a feeling of suspicion arose. "1 waited near the entrance. I felt sure when you saw no lights on that side of the house that you would come round to the other, and while I was standing there I heard a step and saw a man cross the grass in the direction of the Lodge. I thought you might have got there first, and Martin be already on the wing, so I followed him, ar.d got near enough to see that he was too broad and stout for Martin. Then I turned back In time to meet you." "Do you think that man was the mur derer ?" "I don't know. Martin was a man to make enemies, but I don't intend to say anything unless it is necessary. We must be very careful in the morning not to let the servants know that we have heard of the murder, or we may la nd in a very awkward position. And now good night." . "Good night;" and they parted. > (To be Continued.) 