-EXIT I895W NTER 1896.' Sixcie our last issue, the Old Year with its joys and sorrows, its catalogue of crime, and its record of disaster--hns become a thing of the past, and we have entered on another twelve months of the wraning nineteenth century. 1895, as the old German legend had it, has retired to the historic cave in the depths of the continental Black Forest, where the ghosts of departed years join a weird assemblage in each's turn, and recount their experiences of the world's history during the time their calendars were consulted as to day and month by man kind. Ever since our prosperity took into itself wings and flew away, the people of Victoria have been hoping that enach departing December would take with it all that is signified by that hate fol word "depression," but so far have hoped in vain. If it is a risky thing "to name the winner" in a race, it is certainlly folly for any man to attempt to attemlpt to read the sealed book of the Future, and proclaim what it hlas in store for us. That the feeling of com mercial cofidence is returning slowly very slowly may be-is pretty certain, and it--apear~v-te cropts-iu-some-parts of the colony, have turned out better than it was at first anticipated. The scarcity of money, and the lack of profitable investments for those who have cash in hand, show no signs of changing in the near future, and although it is alleged by some that the value of real estate is rising, the itmprovement-if indeed it exists at all-is so slight as to be inu perceptible. Men now sce-too late, alas !--the folly of the Patterson Govern, ment's " bank holiday," extending Hearty a week, and the bad results from the precipitate manner in which one scheme of re-construction after another was fraImed, assented to by tlhose who were practically at the mercy of the financial institutions, and sanctioned by the courts. Looking around us locally, North Mel bourne may be compared with those communities of whom it is said " Happy is that people who have no history." The municipal authorities are certainly not distinguishable for those "scenes" which occur in other suburban councils, and they have avoided the ruinous ex penditure and the costly legislation which has made the burden of some northernly situated ratepayers very hard to bear. Taking everything into con sideration, let us not .enter on 1896 either in a spirit of undue optimisum or too darkly-hued pessimism, but trust and hope-and also "work together-in the anticipation that it may prove a " Happy New Year." 