TALES AND SKETCHES, WHOSE WASTHE HAND? By MISS M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audlcy's Secret," " Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "The fatal Three," "The Day Will Come," &c.; (ALL RIGHTS KKSI'BVKD.) CIIAITER XIX.-DAISY DIARY. Wile» 1 was n chili, ami even last summer, I U6crl to think a July day could not be too lone, ptovided, of course, that July behaved as July, and one could bask iu thc sunshine on thc lawn or ou thc river, and cool oneself in thc shade of willows in mysterious luck waters, where thc sedges are full of bloom and thc lilies lie in a tangle of loveliness, lift ing their milk-white chalices to thc warm blue sky. This year I find 1 am growing old, and that we can have too much even of July, a monotony of loveliness that preys upou one's spirits, a perpetual sunshine that irritates one's nerves, I have only lately discovered what it is lo have nerves ; und since 1 made that discovery lsccni lu have nothing hut nerves. Mother asked mc yesterday what had become of my sweet temper. Sho hardly recognised her daughter of a year ago in Ibo fretful young person of to-day. Was I ever sweet-tempered? I asked myself wonderingly. I know I am very unainiahle now. I was snappish to my dear old Bloomfield this very muming. I snatched my white frock out of her hand while she stood shilly-shullying and prosing about it in her old rambling way, debating whether it was or waa not fresh enough for meto wcur. " What doesit matter?" I cried impatiently. " There is nobody to see my freck." " Nobody MÍBS Daisy, when Mr, Cyril is marching up und down by thc boathouse at this very moment wuiting for you ?" " Cyril is nobody, a fiance doesu't count," said I. "Don't he, Miss? It was different in my time. A young woman ulwuys took pain* with herself when she had someone to walk oat with." " And you used to walk out with all sorts of people, I believe, you dear old flirt," said I for one of my earliest memories is of Broom field's long stories about soldiers and shopboys who paraded thc London purks with lier in her previous services. " I always had admirers, Miss Daisy, hut I know how to keep them at arm's length," she answered with dignity. "A young person in service iu London must have a respectable young man to walk out with, or she would never get a breath of fresh air." " Oh, you cruel llroomfield, to think of the shoe-leather your victims must have worn out, you meaning nothing all the time. " "Lor, Miss, they're used to it, and it only serves them right," said Broomfield. "They're all as artfull as they're high, and they've always an tye toa young woman's Post Office Saving's Bink book." I encouraged thc dear old thing to prattle in this fashion while she fastened my white cambrio frock, and I forgot poor Cyril, who bad been louting about for the last hour wait- ing for mc. I am afraid I am getting tired of the Thames. I am afraid I am developing a horrid inconsistent, capricious character. How odd it is that one may go on adoring a place for years, and then weary of it suddenly, in one week of blazing July weather. I hope it is only a temporary weariness, caused by that very hot weather. Fountainhead shows its usual dismal aBpect of closed shutters and blinds drawn down. Mr. Florcstan came in a meteor-like manner at the beginning of last week ; took tea with mother on Tuesday afternoon while I was miles and miles up the river with Cyril, yawn- ing myself to death over a silly novel, while be threw bis fly for trout, and seemed to do nothing but entangle his line in the willows. When I went down to dinner that evening mother informed me that Mr. Florestan had done me the honour to inquire about my health -as if I were ever ill I-and, furthermore, that he was to leave Fountainhead early next morning on his way to Scotland, where he was to spend the whole of August and September. I felt inclined to líate Scotland. " How will Paris get on without him 1 I'm afraid there'll be a revolution, or at least an émeute," I remarked, flippantly. I have noticed in myself lately that when I feel as if my heart were made of lead I am always inclined to be flippant. Why should my heart be heavy ? Why, oh, why? Cyril is so frank, so clever in his own bright, boyish way, so altogether what a young man ought to be -. and yet I am not satisfied : there is a terrible sense of failure and a lifo gone wrong always gnawing at my heart. Mother began to talk to me yesterday about my trousseau, but I begged her not to mention the odious thing for ages. My drawers and armoire» and hanging-closets arc stuffed with clothes of all kinds, and how can I want more ? True, that I never seem to have -lie right kind of gown to wear for any given occasion ; but I believe that ¡B a Feculiarity of all wardrobes, and I daresay if nad thc most magnificent trouseau I should find before my honeymoon was over that I must refuse really tempting invitations for want of appropriate raiment. All thiB is idle beating about thc bush of my discontent. I am engaged to be married, and I shrink with actual aversion from the mere thought of the future life I have pledged my- self to lead. I like my lover with a very cordial liking, and I am happy and at ease in his company so long as he does not remind me that he to my lover, and that he expects very soon to be my husband. When he does re- mind mc of that odious fact I almost hate him ; just us I hate the July weather, and the river, and the gardens, and myself most of all. Oh, it is such a dreadful thing to know one- self beloved by a good and true heart like Cyril's and not to bc uhlc to give one's whole heart in return. If it were not for this good old stupid diary I believe I should go out of my mind. It cases my heart a little to scribble about my thoughts und feelings. I could not talk even to my dear mother SB I ctn tulk to this book. I wonder Mr. Florcstan did not stay one day longer ut Fountainhead, just to sec us all again, und to tell us the latest news of Paris. Poor mother haB anxieties of her own, and it would bc cruel to plague her with mine, even if I could bring myself to talk about my trouble, which I um sure I could not. She is very anxious about Uncle Ambrose, and I don't wonder. Hu is iu very bad health, und I fear thal Ilia mental hculth is in question, and that seems more hopeless and more full of alarm for thc future than auy bodily ailment. He came back to River Lawn reluctantly ; and I have seen him change for the worse day by day since wc came here. He spends all his studious hours in the old cottage, sitting in thc library where he has all his choicest books, and where he did BO much good work iu past years. But even in Iiis studious hours he is restless, and comes hacktothia houseevcry now ead then ¡un, capricious, purposeless way, justto say a few words to mother, or to wander about thc garden for a few minutes, and to stand looking dreumily at the river, as if he lind had some reason for leaving his hooke and coming ucroBS the road, and had forgotten it on thc way. He will not admit that he is ill, nor will he consent to cuusull a physician, though mol lier has urged him to see any one of thc great men in whom everybody believes. He declares that bc lins ucver in his life consulted a doctor un Iii« own account, and that he is too old to begin. " 1 remember a sleek, while-haired gentle- man with gold-rimmed spectacles, who felt my pulse and looked al my tongue every day for a fortnight, when I had thc meanies," he said, "awl who dosed me with nauseous medicine I bree liineB a day, und willi nightly powders. He gave mu a poor opinion of thc faculty which I have never been able to out- live." II is all very woll for him lo make light of IIÍB ailments, and to refuse all advice, but I know be is ill, and very ill. He has a nervous irritability at times which makes him altogether unlike the Uncle Ambrose of old ¡ and something happened the other day which makes nie fear that his nerves are in a worse condition than even mother suspects, anxious though Bbe is ubout him. I was dswdling in thc hall after playing lennis all thc morning with Cyril, who really is quite thc finest player I know. I was ex- amining my racket before I put il in tho stand, and was almost hidden by one of the oak pillars, which stood between me and thc library door. Thc garden door opened while I was stand- ing lhere and Uncle Ambrose caine into the Inill, looking white and weary, as he so often looks now. Ile opened the door of my fat ber's old study, expecting to find my mother lhere. " Clara," he said, as he opened the door. She WUK not lhere, aud the room was empty. He stood upon the threshold uiotiouless for Borne moments-for Bowe minutes it seemed to mc as I watched him standing lhere, rigid ua a stone figure, staring imo the empty room then he gave a groau of agony, staggered back imo the ball, aud sank into a chair, and sal there languid almost ta faiutiug, wiping the perspiration from his forehead. 1 could see ¡?is hand tri rnhle us he drew his handkerchief out of his coat pocket. I came from behind thu pillar and ran to him. He gave a cry at sight of me just as if I had been u ghost. I offered to gel him some brandy, but he said there was no occasion. He lim) only suffered from a sudden faintness, which had come over him aB he opened ihe library door. " Don't tell your mother," he said, " it would only alarm her causelessly." " But she ought lo know," I told him. *'Indeed, indeed, indeed, Uucle Ambrose, you must consult some clever physician-you must not goon any longer like this." " Well, child, 1 will consult a physician if my submission upon that poin tn III make you and your mother any happier ; although I can tell you beforehand that no doctor in London not the whole Collego of 1'hysicianB -can do any good for inc. Thc evil I suffer from is purely nervous, and no doctor has yet fathomed the mystery of tho nerves, auy more (han any thcolugsin has' fathomed thc mystery of the worlds that lie behind this life or in front of it." 1 took his hand in minc and found it as cold as ice, and I he perspiration kept starting out afresh upon his forehead. His whole being seemed convulsed and shattered. I have heard of catalepsy, aud 1 could but think that he was in a cataleptic stale during those minutée in which lie stood on the threshold of the library. " Il you promise to go up to London to- morrow with mother to see a doctor 1 will not tell her auylhiug about this attack to-day," ] said; " hut if you refuse I must tell her." " Haven't I said that I will do anything te please you and your mother, Daisy?" He kept his word, and mother und he went off to CuvendUh Square, und my cousins from Harley-street came down for a long day at tennis. I can only say that it was a long day. Thc iuterval between lunch and lea was a Pacific ocean of time. I thought the blessed break of afternoon tea would never come ; but thc tea kettle appeared ut laBt, aud motlier and her husband caine home soon after. She knew I was almost as anxioUBas herself, and she told me all the doctor had said. It did not seem to amount to much, but nc doubt it was comforting. All thc wisdom of Cavendish Square might besummedupundei three heads-a judicious diet,as per half-pag( of note-paper filled with thegreat man's writing -Icssiutellectual work -and bromide of potos siutn. The diet was the most important point, according to thc physician, and I suppose bc was right and then un injudicious helping ol Aylsbury duck may have been the cause of thit strange seizure ul thc door of my father'*, old den. Cyril took his father's illness rather lightly, I told him of the attack, though I said not om word about it tn mother. " My father ¡B paying thc penalty of havinj no fixed purpose or pursuit in life; he ii suffering from too much metaphysics. He hal a brain capable of belter work than he hui ever doue, and he is beginning to suffer fron wasted energies." " Hut he has written books that have inadi their mark in the most intellectual circles,' said I. " Yes, and therefore books that the Brilia! public don't care twopence about-books thai interrogate everything and solve nothing books that leave us not one hair's-breadtt farther advanced towards the comprehensioi of the three great mysteries of matter, life and mind than Aristotle and Plato left ui three hundred and fifty years before the birt! of ChriBt." " Some of thc reviews said that your father' book marked a new era in philosophy," sait " My dear Daisy, Philosophy ia like the Bea Thc waves rise and fall, and change thei forms every hour ; but thc shore is always a exactly the same distance from mid-ocean." I felt that it seemed hard upon' Uucli Ambrose that the son should make so light o the labours of thc father's life-time. Oh, I um wicked, desperately wicked steeped to thc lips iu falsehood and dishonour I aught never to have listened ; I ought U have silenced him in the first moment as '. silenced him at laBt. He is too honourable i mau to have insisted upon speaking had I heel finn. But thc crisis of my life came upon .iv suddenly. Those impassioned words took m unawares, and I longed so to hear all he hat to say. I wanted so much to know the secie of his heart, though that heart could never b minc. Gilburt Florcslan had not gone to Scotland after all. When I awoke yesterday morning I thought of him far away in Argyleshire. pictured the barren heathery hills, russet am palest green under thc baking July sky, a Flora und Dora-who go everywhere-hav often described them ta me ; and I though how much nicer those wild hills above th Kyles of Bute must be than our pretty littl toy-shop river with its willowy eyots, whicl look us if one could hold them in the bollol of one's hand. I fell such a longing for Scotland yesterda; morning, almost us if I were homesick for country 1 had never seen. I began to think must have a Scottish ancestor hidden in som corner of the family tree. All our fancies an vagaries are put down to heredity nowaday! and certainly yesterday morning I felt Scolc blood seething and bubbling in my veinB. But he was not in Scotland. Mothar ha misunderstood him about the date of hi journey, ar else he had changed his mimi At any rate hu had only gone to London to se about guns and fishing tackle for the autumn and there he was yesterday morning at eleve o'clock coining suddenly between me and th summer- house in the shrubbery. Cyril had left us by an early train for a tw days visit to a Manor House near Guildford, i i religious observance of one of those collen friendships which young men esteem so highlj His friend had telegraphed to him urgent!) " Come," und he went ; having careful! ascertained first thal I did not mind. How wish I had minded more. I fuit a sense of relief when I saw him driv away from the gate, and yet I was dull will out him. I missed his cheerful Bociety, whic generally makes thought impossible, and I se Ihiuking deeply in the stillness of til shrubbery, where there were no birds singin any more it seemed. I had books, work, little sketch-block, and colour-box, amp! means for employment or amusement ; an yet I sat idly thinking, idly dreaming, an picturing a life that was noe the life I ho pledged myself to lead. In the midst of those vaiu and foolii dreams, he whose image had mixed Usc with all of them, stood suddenly before m I looked up mid saw him standing there, mu and serious. My guilty conscience sent tl blood up to my luce in u groat wave crimson. I could not speak, nor I think cou he just al first. "I thought you were in Scotland," I sa at last, and I really felt as if it was a brillia remark. He explained, und, thc sound of o voices having made us both juBt a little mo at our case, he sat down in the only cmp chair, and took up my booka, one by one, and looked at their titles. " How learned youare,"he8aid. "COUBÍU, Spinosa, Reid : I did not think that little girU troubled their curly heads ubout philosophy." " I am not a little girl," I answered, huffed al, thia impertinence, "and philosophy is my Uncle Ambrose's favourite subject. He taught me all I know, and I like to read thc ! subjects that interest him." ' " Have you read much this morning !" be asked, looking me straight iu the face, witb a cruelly deliberate scrutiny. /.gain the hot blood rushed up to my ch eks and brow, and 1 felt he must know my wretched blushes I hal I had not read a word ; that I had just given over my hear! and my mind to utterly foolish thoughts of him ; profitless thoughts of uhui might Imvo been if I had not cugog d myself to Cyril that day at Torcello, and if he, Gilbert Florcstan, had happened to care just a little for me. Could any day-dreams be wilder ur more unbecoming a girl with the slightest notion of self-respect ? I felt that 1 had degraded myself by my own folly, and that I was hardly worthy to live. " Have you read much this morning ?" ho asked again, provokingly persistent. " Not very much."' " If you were like mc you would uot have read haifa dozen consccu'ive lines. I have not been able to read properly for mauy weeks. An image comes dancing along thc printed lines and dazzles me ; like that spec- trum of thc sun wc sec upon the page of a book after we have looked at the Bun himself. I have been tri good for intellectual work for ever so long, Mis« Halrcll." It was a relief when he called mc Miss Hutrcll, for I hud been trembling lest he should call me Daisy. It was a relief lo find him properly ceremonious ; but I did not know how brief the respite was to be, sud how soon he wan going lo shutter the citadel of my self-respect. He looked nt all thc hook agaiu, rearranged them methodically on thc table, took up my skctch-hlock and looked critically at the half-finished sketch of a group of sycamores by thc bend in thc opposite shore. I don't suppose he recognised them, though he must have known thc originals from his boyhood 1 took my little hit of embroidery out of my basket. Il was one of my nnmcrous begin- nings in a new style of work, which don't often go beyond thc preliminary stage. I threaded my needle carefully with silk of tho wrong colour, sud began a bit of a scroll, livery stitch had to come out when I took up my work agaiu this morning. I don't seem to have kuown what colour I was using. " Miss Hatrell," he said at last, "when is this marriage tu bc ?" I concluded that he must mean my mar- riage, though he put his question rather vaguely. " I don't know. There is no date fixed yet. Not for ages, perhaps." "Ages iu a young lady's, vocabulary generally mean weeks. There is no date fixed ? Hut thc marriage is fixed I suppose. There is no doubt as to that ?" " No," I answered resolutely. " There is no doubt ; there never has been any doubt ; there is no room for doubt." " You have never felt the slightest inclina- tion to withdraw your promise. Such things have been do ie, you know, and in all honour. Better to discover now than latter that your heart ÍB not wholly given to your tíuucé : belter for you, happier for him. It is not un honourable act to marry n man you do not love, only because yon have promised rashly. " "I have promised, and I mean to keep my word," I answered, still resolutely ; and now the crimson flush, the fiery heat of that fierce shame had cooled, and I could feel from the faint sickness ot my sinking heart that I must have turned deadly pale. "I have many reasons for being tiue to my promise which you cannot know, motives of gratitude, motives of affection. I am not romantically in love with my fiance. I don't think there arc many romantic marriages in our day. Girls have grown more sensible. They no longer take their ideas of life from Byron and Moore. " I knew that I was rattling on in a most ridiculous way ; but I felt constrained to talk. It was my only means of hiding my confusion, a kind of cuttle-fish vivacity, by which I hoped to hide my thoughts in a cloud of words. Mr. Florcstan leant his arms upon the table where my books and work were scattered, and watched my face earnestly while I spoke, as if he was reading thc thoughts behind all my foolish babble. *' Yon are not romantically in love with your futur," he repeated slowly, "but you have promised to be his wife, and you mean t J keep your promise. You are perfectly con- tented with your lot. I think that is the gist of what you have just said to me, Miss Hatrell. That is what you mean." " Yes," answered stiffly, " that is what 1 mean." " Then I can only ask you to pardon my impertinent questioning, and WÍBII you good- bye," be said, rising slowly, and taking his hat, which he had put upon the bench beside him. " I shall go to Scotland to-night." He held out bis hand and I gave him mine without a word. I wonder which was the colder. I thought of Mrs Browning's simile of the stone in thc brook. Ah ; if my hand could have lain in the hollow of his comfortably, as his possession, with what wild happiness this heart would have beaten. Wc parted eo, with most admirable gravity. Sir CharleB Grandison and Miss Byron could not have behaved any better in a similar situation. And then, all at once, as I heard his footstep grinding the gravel, Satan got hold of me, and I ran after him. I did more than run. I flew. He was walking very fast, and I only caught him within a feu- paces of the gate which opens out of the shrubbery into the road close to his own domain. "Mr. Florestan," I gasped, too breathless to say more. He turned and faced me, still with that Grandieonian gravity. " I hope you are not angry with inc," I said, inanely. " Angry ! What right have I to be angry?" returned he. " I ventured, perhaps over boldly, to ask a question. You have answered it frankly, and there an end. Whatever hope led mc to you this morning is a hope that has vanished. Nothing less than tho knowledge that you are unhappy in your en- gagement to Mr. Arden would justify me in telling you what I might tell if honour would allow. Oh, DaiBy, Daisy," he cried, clasping my bauds, and changing in one instant from Sir Charles Grandison to the moat animated and impassioned of men, " why do you tempt me to say what were better unsaid-if-if you have really made up your mind. Don't trifle with mc ¡don't fool me. Oh, I think I under- stand you. I know what women are, even thc best of them. You are going to marry Cyril Arden, but you would like, just for sport, to know how hard hit I am. Very hard hit DaiBy. The arrow has gone home to its mark, and it is a poisoned dart that will leave ils venom in the wound for many und many a year, lt is not a pleasure, my sweet one, lo know that in making one man happy you will make another man miserable ?" " No, it is not a pleasure ; and I am utterly wretched," I said ; and as thc tears wore rolling down my cheeks he could not help believing me. He took me in his aunis, and held mc to his heart, und kissed my forehead and my hair kissed me. Cyril's promised wife-und I let him, out of sheer misery. I was too com- pletely broken down with woe to make a good fight for honour. " Dear love, break this foolish engagement ; scatter your precipitate vows to thc winds. It will bc better for everybody-for Arden, whom you don't care about, for me who adore you, and even for your sweet, sweetself, whose heart beats throb for throb with mine-like thc rival engines which will be racing to Scotland through the summer night, ono of them carry- ing me away from you I" 1 had recovered my senses by this time, und wrenched myself from his arms. ¡ " How cruel of you to take Buch advantage of my helplessness/ I said try lng to smooth down thc fluffy curls upon my poor ill-used forehead. "Sir Charles wouldn't have done such a thing." " Sir Charles !" he echoed, doubtlessly thinking mc mad. "lam very sorry that I waa so foolish os to follow yon," I said. " There was really no ! reason for my doing such an absurd thing. ' Only I wished to part friends." ! " That meanB you are obdurate to both your victims. You will marry Arden-not caring a straw fur him- and you will break my heart, caring perhaps just a little more than a straw for me." " You aro very impertinent for making such a suggestion," I said, with all thc hauteur, I could summon to my voice and countenance, and it is very difficult for a girl of my dis- position to summon any. Thc fairy who ought lo have supplied me with feminine dignity and proper self- respect must certainly have taken offcuce at my christening, for I feel myself, lamentably deficient in those qualities, und I really think the want of them is really worse than n spindle through one's hand. Worse than a spindle, Worse than an after dinner nap of a century. What, if I were to sleep for a hundred years and Gilbert Florostan wore to wake mc, " in that new world which ÍB the old !" Ah, why have wc no fairies now? Why has life no sweet surprises ? Why has every- thing in my life gone wrong? He did not notice my rupioaeh. " Is lhere no hope, Daisy ?" he asked, pro- nouncing my name as if he had never been accustomed to address inc by any other. " I have told you that I meant to bc true lo my promise," I »aid. " I sm ashamed of my- self for having given you thc idea that I could possibly waver. Good-bye, once more, und a pleasant journey to Argyleshire." I did not offer lo shake hands with him ugdin. It would have seemed absurd after his awful conduct three minutes before. I turned and ran back to thc arbour as fast as ever I could go, und I opened the driest and most pessimistic of thc books upon my table, and read and read sud read for un hour und un half, till mother came lo look for me, and to tell me that the luncheon gong had sounded ever so long ago. I shut my bool: with a bang, and went meekly back to thc house willi the dear mother, and I had not the least bit of notion what I had been reading, except like Hamlet's book that it was "words, words, words." I hated myself as I had never hated myself before, though I have been ever keenly alive to my own hatefulness, to my hideous pro- pensity for doing or saying tho worst things on every possible occasion. To-day self-scorn was sharp as an acute bodily pain, os a raging tooth-ache, for instance, ora gnawing rheu- matism. Why had I so betrayed myself, why had I gone out of the way to let him sec that I love him, nod that my fidelity to Cyril ia only mantained by a struggle. That while I was dismissing him and his love as a hope- less case, I waB reudy to throw myself into bis arms and say, " Let us go lo Scotland to- gether, let ns be married by thc blacksmith al (.re na Green ; if there is such a person as the blacksmith, or any such place as Gretna Green left for true lovers in this unromantic age." I felt that he would never more have a good or proper opinion of me. I felt that if he had had a Bister turn out like mc he would have considered her a disgrace to the family. I was more completely miserable than I had been ever since those weary days at Westgate-on-Sca, when the misery of my father's death WUB a new thing, und when I was parted from my mother. A kind of help ICBSUSSS and a dull aching s-nso of degarda tion had taken hold of mc ; and thc worst of all was that for the first time in my life I dared not confide in my mother. \Ve sat opposite each other at the luncheon table, neither of us caring to eat ; she low-spirited about my step-father, who was buried in his book-room over at the cottage, I dumb and des- pairing. (To be continued.) 