THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjurer, relates som-j of bis experiences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine " :—" Apart from mere objective illusion," be says, " apparitions exist only in imagination. The great proof of this is the question of clothes. If sprils appeared iike some of the 'living pictures,' apparently in the nude, one mig: t be inclined to believe in their reality. I believe I was the first to suggest this objection, about 30 years ago. 1 was 1 av ng a discussion with Mr. Benjamin Coleman, s irnamed, ' The Father of English Spiritualists,' a very nice, amiable, and credulous old gentleman. He was describing * seance he had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had never seen him in enrth-'ile, but recognised him from a painting. The S irifc appeared in periwig, knee- breeches, am. a ^reon coat with gilt buttons. ' Then,'said I, ' this lady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather, but also the spirit of bis green coat and gilt buttons ! ' Mr. Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled expression. I continued : ' Do you really belie' that there is such a thing as tho spirit of ucoatr'' ' No,' said he, ' I can't think that, and I can't: account for the appearance of the clothes, but l! will ask the spirits.' The old gentleman told me afterwards that he had consulted ' Katey King ' upon the subject. Katey King, as you may remember, was a very popular spirit at that time, so much so that she WAS frequently known to have appeared at several seances at the same.' moment. She was al-o the spirit who was said to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball's Pond to Lamb's, Conduit-street, and it was the exposure of this ' spirit ' which sent poer K bert- Pale Owen to a lunatic asylum. Wi II, Katey Kiug shirked Mr. Coleman's question for s.'tn>r time, but be persisted in having an answer, and at last she replied, ' Why. of course, we materialise the clothes out of particles iu the atmosphere.' This was a j erfectly satisfactory i xplai'ation to the Spiritualists, but ever, the most credulous members of the Society for Psychical Kesearch cannot at present believe, in the ghost of a pair of bneches. If tht-v could, they would at once accept every nightmare story as a spiritual visitation. 'i'lint cunning old impostor, Mdme. Biavatsky, tiled to bridge over this difficulty by invent i.ig the theory that there is an ' astral bedv' or ro mf-crpart to every thing in existence are! c>r; thing that lias existed. So there must be :.n astral, sea- serpent, an astral big geoseb- rry—in fict, an astral world and a astral universe." 