OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. > ' Jf riaay. Even- a - bye-election affords us some interest in the silly season. As was generally expected, Mr. Tucker simply broomed his antagonists off the no- longer grassy swards of what we used to call Emerald Hill. Mr. Maugher was the run- ner-up—why is our hatting friend s name spelled Maugher always pronounced upon his own authority as Major — but the re turns show that he never had a chance. H e simply split the labor vote to a com paratively small extent, and it is per fectly clear that as was shown by the previous election South Melbourne is solid for labor. " Mr. Winter's poll would be nearly equalled by that of Messrs. Tucker and Maugher, so. that there is no doubt but that" this constituency speaks with clear throated . voice. At one time, the position looked a little dangerous, there was a risk that a gentleman wKo would," doubtless, have made an able representa tive, but who still would not have, pre sented in Parliament the spirit, thought, feeling and instinct of the majority of the electors would have secured the seat ow ing to rift. -The results interpreted them selves otherwise, and Parliament lias now a seconds supply of -Tucker to rely upon. It is a« fortunate circumstance that the people of South Melbourne have too much sense to tolerate the gross political scandal that would have been, created by the rc- : turn of Thomas Bent, whose chief design was'to re-enter 'Parliament with a view of once again securing the Speakership, as it ' is pretty well understood in political circles that Sir Graham Berry will riot re-assume that office! The impudence of his candi dature Thas7 rightly resulted in somebody I having' to . find a fifty. Those . who : witnessed the doll show at \- the recent theatrical carnival in aid of the fund for the relief of distressed actors will recollect- the splendor of the dolls con tributed; f.by, Miss Nellie Stewart on a previous occasion. These dolls cost about £3 apiece before being dressed, and when offered at auction the highest bid was , only some £4. They could not only talk in their doll-like language, but when once set' in' motion could walk about the floor if guided by a' finger touch, and were at the previous dramatic festival to which I allude the cisicoeur of ladies' eyes. It is not, "however, 'generally known that these dolls, which were bought in, still remain in- Melbourne.- Many of us had hoped to have seen 7 them at the last most recent show,- -which', I believe, has returned moderate, but- not such good results as were hoped for. Our labor members are beginning to. realise that the atmosphere of, the Trades' Hall is - somewhat diflerenfc to that of Parliament. Mr. Songster has had sore worry, in. consequence of the accusation made in'. that deep bass voice of his with regard to the safety of sea-going craft, arid Messrs. Prendergast and Hamilton have "been accorded a dubious honor of a board to -investigate their charges against the electrical and engineering branch of the Postal Department. I- say dubious honor, for a member whose unfettered tongue leads him on to this sort of ram page usually finds that lie wastes his; money, his time, his patience and his business during' just that portion of the year when he ought to be striving to re cover the lot. ..On the morning of the 25th of May, the celebration of Her Majesty's Birth day, . there appeared in the mortuary columns of the papers a notification of the death of Mr. Albert Henry Manton, solicitor. I believe this gentleman was the most inveterate levee, goer in the colony. Trained by his father that it was his duty to pay his respects to Her Majesty's representative, he never missed a levee of any sort, and until I saw him go past I used to think the function in complete. It seemed odd to me when the first thing I learned on the morning of -Lord; Brassey's levee was that Albert Manton had passed away. But life is . full of events like these, things which seem.; -to jhave some dreamy coincidence and relation with each other. .There is much jubilation in the ranks of the licensed victuallers over the result of the South Melbourne Election. Mr. Tucker had been unanimously chosen by the " trade" for support, and for once the publicans worked together. " Tho Sports man and Licensed Victualler," the official organ of the association on Wednesday morning devoted a leader to the subject, the central note of which is the necessity for concerted action at future elections. There is little doubt that the resolve to sink all personal mat! era among the licensed-victuallers contributed largely to Mr. Tucker's return. . Oa the other hand people were disinclined to endorse Mr. Maugherjs extreme views, and neither Dr. Owen or" Mr. Bent found sufficient favor to- ensure .support. Personally, I was astonished- that|tlie " Hon. Thomas" even went to the poll. It was another instance of- " first he would, then he would'nb, then he would." More than or.ee I endeavored to induce him Through his best friends to withdraw. Intimately in touch with the electorate I was enabled to assure them that Mr. Bent had not "a ghost of a show," .mention of the certainty that he would lose liis £50. deposit being only re frained from on friendly grounds. Apart from the cost of the present defeat any future chance the ex-Speaker rilight have had elsewhere lias been to say the least of it seriously prejudiced.-- With regard to Mr. Tucker his best friends do not claim for him the gift of oratory— he is not by any means a glib or ready speaker. But he_ is-' honest -and straightforward 'and weighs; a' matter thoroughly,' views it from all . sides before he offers an opinion on it. In addition he is intimately acquainted with the requirements of the district for which he has been elected, and it is not every riiember who can say' that. The worstiiMr.;.' Tucker's opponents' can say about him is that he's "another labor candidate." - ( , Rumors are circulating through .the cyclirig world to the effect that an inven tion' has been discovered, which on being applied to the gearing of a machine accel erates. the' pace 50 per cent. This means that a champion like Linton, who has covered t-nirty miles within the hour, will now.. be. in -a position .to pedal up to 45 miles inside, the same time. A new terror added to life. Already the shock is great :of having a: machine whiz past you in : the dark, having. come noiselessly along the road behiud you. Presently, I suppose \we shall have the 'gentle foot- <pad.'-, running his .; victims - violently down beforeT robbing them. There would be nothing' more simple than in the event of a i policeman turning up —though I admit such a possibility would be remote— to ;declare : that it was " a .pure accident." .The inventor, of ; Hie new gearing, how- lever, fis at; present trying his invention ii\\. the most practical manner. -Should it .answer all, questions, he expects to receive , £10; 000:for his rights. . : r.?; Gaptain -; Wallington's broken arm is mending rapidly. Fortunately for him; ,the, injury, proved to be a simple fracture.: ;Ho lone: seems to; know .why the gallant1 and courteous Captain is severing his con-; .nectibri-.f, with.-; Government House. i-A . .little while.- back it was reported that he was to leave for England to fill a post obtained ) for -him by Lord Hopetoim. .Thatj however, has since been contra-: dieted. ' Now we h«ar that influence is , being brought to bear to secure for, him the ; Chief, Connuissionership, of Police, to be rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr.: nOhomley. I don't personally know-whafc Captain. Wallington's qualifications for \- such a responsible position are, but, how- jever, high- they may be, I am inclined to think that his appointment would raise a ,-stormithe Chief Secretary would not care .stoiface. ; Some two or three years back, -;when Mr. Chomley's retirement was first mooted, much discussion arose inside and f; outside the Assembly over tho appoint- i mentof his successor, that the Minister of the day was glad to ask Mr. Chomley Ito remain- in office a little longer. Indeed, >If I remember rightly, the opinion was -expressed that, with a view to retrench- a'menfc, the office would be abolished alto gether, or, at all events, merged into another branch of the Police Department. ,rThe- April number of "Truth" has a series of trenchantparagraphson the Trans vaal. troubles. Mr. Laboucherc - declares that these have been brought about abso lutely by the company mongers, who care little whether the whole of South Africa belongs to England, to the Boers, or to a Rhodcsian Republic, so long as their own private interests are servod. And to se cure , these, no effort, legitimate, or ille gitimate, is spared. Says the writer " I wonder what all the lies that are tele graphed from South Africa cost the finan cial crew, which has made that country the field of its operations. . . The whole efforts of the gang are now concentrated on an endeavor to white wash the chartered company, in order toi once more boom its shares and those of its sub-companies in .Matabeleland. . j . . They have not yet given up the expectation of embittering the feeling between ' England and the Transvaal ; that troubles- wilL ariser" . . The men at tlie bottom of ' it have almost unlimited funds ; they 'are energetic and able, and a largo portion of the Press over here is with them. Tliey are ready to masquerade as patriots', or missionaries, or anything else that may serve tlieir -purpose. - They are.the. curse. of ..South ..Africa, and .until tliey are suppressed with a -firm hand tliere is no likelihood of that portion of the globe peaceably settling down." i The Golden West is; advancing rapidly in its acquisition of the adjuncts of civili sation.- Wherever some thousands of Anglo Saxoridiggers are gathered together there will be found plenty of sport— first racing, then-' cricket, football, boxing, wrestling, with a long line of etceteras. Hitherto Ooolgardie has contented itself with minor race meetings. This year, however, it intends launching out on a much more pretentious - scale. A local paper forwarded me contains the an nouncement that the Coolgardie Racing Club will- hold its first annual meeting' on the 7th and 8th August. That on the first day 470 sovs. will be'offered in prizes, including the Goldfields Cup of 180 sovs. ; while on the. second day 500 sovs. will' be "given away," of which the Coolgardie Cup will take no less than 300 sovs. What do you think of that for the gold- fields capital — for such, I suppose, we iriusb deem Coolgardie ? 