ENTERTAinMEnTS. THEATBES, fcc. It is melancholy to think in how few in stances the work of the men who have " dropped out" survives them long. Dni> ing the few years since Air. Fargus {.Hugh Conway) died publishers have ceased alto gether bringing out fresh editions of the sensational stories that had so great a vogue, and the dramatisations of Mr. Comyns Carr, which helped so much to keep the craze alive, are clean forgotten. It is probable that Mr. Beer boh m Tree mil never again be seen as Marcari, any more than he will ever work back upon " Trilby " in future years, when the caprice which gave it popularity has passed. These plays have not the element of. vitality in tbein. Gut Mr. Geo. Bignold, looking over his stock, has found " Called Ifeck " not much worn, and, perhaps, better fitted for the show window still than some of the novel ties of the season-which has not been a memorable one in melodramas. The re vival is to be welcomed as reminding us of the solitary effort (so far as I am aware) which Mr. Bignold has made to establish a claim as a character " actor- in Aus tralia at least. His Paulo Macari, if not original, was successful enough to justify other essays, but Mr. Bignold seems to have found that the picturesque hero if less artistic paid better. At the same time, " Called Back" in its dramatic form was and must remain a disappointment. We can all appreciate I jnst as well as Mr. Labouchere did in his j railway carriage \vhen he chanced to buy t the book, as travelling companion, the i strong point of the story. It is fine from i a sensational point of view that a young j j man newly blind should stumble alone j j along a few yards of flagstone in front of j ; his house, turn in presently at the wrong j j door, feel his way upstairs still thinking j that the premises art his own, .*ind be j i arrested by piano-playing, abruptly broken j : off, and a "piercing scream of agony. He | , staggers sightless into the room where some ; j tragedy-he knows not what- has been i : enacted, and experiences the torturing j . curiosity, horror, and apprehension that j j would beset a man so placed. The fact; j that he sees nothing, and is driven only to j j horrified conjecture, is the key of the groc- j , some situation. What has actually oc-: . curred is the tantalising secret to be dis- j I covered as the tale proceeds. It Hue;h Con- j i way had written his last pages first, and j ! told us at the outset the true story of ; : young Anthony March and his fate, | " Called Back " would never have run ! through its first edition. The dramatist is j j obliged to tell us, and to show us. We; i cannot all be blind like Gilbert Vaughan. I i I am afraid if the management shrouded j the stage in darkness and let as hear only I a plaintive melody, broken off by a shriek, a groan, and a fall, the effect would be worse, not better. The dramatic and the narrative forms of art are essentially dif ferent, and work by different methods. Nevertheless, the murder scene in " Called I Back " is a very ordinary sensation, when j the audience can only divine, not share, the J emotions of the " blind witness." j On the first night Mr. Bignold bad a j " show " audience at the Theatre Royal-; many of them the really honest, whole souled type of theatre-goers, who take their peats prepared-aye, determined-to believe ?what they 6ee. The gallery, perhaps, was merely clamorous and irreverent, but numbers in the more select part? of the house were unmistakably deeply impressed, and it is delightful to think that many of them hare gone away uqder the lasting con viction that Mr. Bignold is an atrociously wicked man. They never countenanced his doiugs throughout. His brutality to Pauline nearly provoked an emeutc. When Mies Eutily Hughes emitted herclearest aud most effective screams of repugnance and torture it was at no time safe to wager] against the chances of a rescue. I had thej happiness of silting in the dress-circle in j front of one young lady who hissed loudly and energetically whenever poor Mr. Bignold showed his s>v»rtby visage upon the stage, and appeared disappointed that her demon stration was not better supported. Well, it ought to have been, if we only retained any of the zcet and freshness with whiok we went to the theatre in the good J'oung dayp, Tlmt is the proper spirit, Uu<ra little pf it w worn 0$ up every tints we book our peats and the usher, «»ys " Tbi$ way; opera eta*** owe shilling." W* laughed at Arthur StaUlilay refotwg to m the behaviour aud comment* °f Jfw. Ow»w at the play, how tip m4 Uie intention* the vjJkiu long Mfcre t|u» d»!l*rdi upm the ftnpe emw4 #n**p Iwr IfW to. the rom W®< »Hf m<w wmmmt |B« t of, : '£0 iwy jn i»U 44 V* mi'Mi v j 1 ;^,47Tjj did not interpose «j> thestorniy «oo»:-;be-"- ^ tween Dr. Ceneri and AnthonfMareh, waiting Cbr.the altercation' h'IihA immedi ately precedes the stabbing. He change a few mwoiUr f»i»viM»Bve Inords ?_ V with Afii^ytipni!ff lN j^IIV Wood the opportunity of riawnmipg the door angrily iu hisfaee. A ratherst^gejr, yet Jnot im permissible effect ia gaiuod by Mr- B^nold in the scenc wfacre be ittaiiHratcB to Gilbert doubts of the purity of Pauline. '.'You fiend! you lie" vodferatestiie bcro, and itacari, shading his face with his hand, allows the snarling grin of a wild beast meditating a spring to play lor an instant upon his featorcs. Miss I&nity; Hughes does decidedly her best wort as Pauline. In her mad scene she is a robust improvement upon Ophelia, and certainly makes a very striking figure under, the limelight. An incongruity in this passage, however, i6 the bearing of Gilbert Yaughan and bis friend Kenyon in tbe darkened background. In the belief of Gilbert Pauline has been murdered, and be exdiinis "Pauline or her ghost!" as sliecrosses the stage. But the surprise is insufficiently accentuated. The really startled note comes when he dis covers, the girt to be demented. It should come when be discovers her tobe in the flesh at all. Nevertheless, Mr. Plimmer, taking his performance generally, was a very satisfactory Gilbert Vaughan, strange as it must be to him to play the hero. Dr. Cenpri, in the hands of Mr. Stirling VV hyte, was tiot so good, although the actor laid himself out for a tour de ferce in the Siberian death scene. The worst of scenes so contrived is that they do tempt the per former who is given the stage for an effort of this sort into melodramatic excesses. But tbe whole of this act is meant to be highly coloured. It is Siberia to slow luusic, the exiles chanting their charity song with instrumental accompaniment, the knout in full swing, and the English tourist from Grogvenor-gardens kindly al lowed upon the scene by the Kussian Go vernment in ohlcr that he may express, in burning words his detestation of despotic rule. "A Trip to Chinatown" is running merrily at the Princess's Theatre, and is | apparently not yet near the end of its | tether. So far the second edition songs j and dances have not been called for, and they may be expected before the popularity i of tliis medley of amusing nonsense is con ! sidered exhausted. .But "Inchin' the? j Along" (a. really pretty chorus), "Tte [ Bowery," and "Reuben and Cynthia' fill | requirements as yet. Mr. Harry Conor s voluble fncetiousness has woo him as strik ing a success as any broad comedian haa achieved here for years past, and it must be recorded with regret that.audiences do not seem to like Miss Sadie Macdonald any the less because she is daring as well as i dainty. J The farewell of the fiev.- Chas. C3ark at ? the Athenaeum last Saturday evening was | a memorable event, seeing how long this I talented lecturer has been familiar upon j Australian platforms. He has left finally . now without wearing out his popularity, as I the demonstration accorded him proved. A few passages from bis valedictory speech j will be read with interest:-'"If I could : look forward, said Mr. .Clark, "as I did six | years ago, when I - last visited Aus i tralia, to once more coming amongst you, j much of my sorrow would be mitigated, but ; I have been getting among the seniors j lately, and the time is coming when I mutet j turn into the lean and slippered pantaloon, and that is a part I don't want to play in Melbourne. I am desperately sorry at pulling up the roots that have held me to this city for so long. Twenty seven years ago-I was a young man then I came here a stranger, and as I leave Mel bourne I feel I am certainly no stranger now. The kindness ever shown to me is more than I deserve; it is more than twenty Clarks deserve. It is indicative of the large and generous- heart that beats in this city for those whom it can esteem and love. To feel that I will not be forgotten by my friends in Melbourne will be to me a great honour. If I should meet any of you in London I will be pleased to see yon. Indeed, my friendB are so accustomed to see me w?lk dow* Fket^reet with a visitor from these parts that whenever I am seen by myself I am usually greeted with, 'Hello, Clark, where's yoar Australian?' (Laugh ter.) I must now £av good-bye and God bless yon. I hope we soau live a long while, and I hope, in the very spirit tn which Thackeray would expressit.thftt When the end comes oar beam will throb with an exquisite bliss, and yre shall pass away to a rest that shall, bb everlasting," (Ap plauBe.^ 0pera M v Rickard«'« com pany, with Mr. 'WilltfCrtiftfti, the lion comi^ue, and Mr. Garlifcrta, theillu sionUt, as the friar^WTRCtfons-Continue to do steadily ? Wg* wwtlw. The interest exited by tba which it sch3bh«d e%3sijy. prores that s music-hsU - W&ksne; xrsll sypreeae'te &s; iK- cz^onsd! .eieiurfic marvel axx*pj*ed into the bill of £ve just te rea£3r tit a nerr stej-danoe cr AranU ch*»y»iv j MEXAKDEE. ] 