The riddle ring, ' NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' . : ' BY JUSTIN M 'CAR THY, . ' ; i ' ' . AUTHOR OF— ' '.'DEAR LADY DISDAIN," " CAMIOLA," " THE COMET OF. A SEASON;" . / ' /rl'IiQNNA. QUIXOTE,:' "A FAIR SAXON,'' " THE RIVAL ' . , ' r " ' rRINCE&S;," &c.; ' 1 ' V. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. . CHAPTER' VI.— (Continued.) /j The girl whose photograph J im had phen took no part in the general con versation. She talked in a. low' tone With Mrs. Morefield, and occasion- tolly vouchsafed a remark to the man t.no naa catten ner in to ainner i— whom Jim afterwords discovered to bs a fashionable London physician who bad obtained recent renown by tho promulgation of the doctrine that all diseuse came from the use of salt, end could be cured by a liberal : im bibing of hot v/ater in which iron bails had been soaked. The. company at last wandered "off .to the drawiug-room. There Oonrad promptly forsook Lady Diana, al though when she seated herself on the eofa she made a motion with. : her skirts as if to afford .a space for him. He at once made for Miss Morefield. " I have recognised tho. original of the photograph," he whispered. He had grown wonderfully confidential with her of late. " Of course you have. Well—isn't Bhe striking— don't you think her vary handsome 1" " Really I do, and I know you are not the sort of girl who wants to hear her pretty friends disparaged." "Oh no, indeed — I want to hear my friends praised. But . you must not' call her pretty — I cafi't have that." 'No, she is much more than - pretty f--she is quite different from anything pretty — I can imagine people think ing her not beautiful, because she is too much out of the common pattern —the pattern of the commonplace handsome English woman . whom Nature reels off by the dozen." " You must not speak contemptu ously of any women;" Miss Morefield I said, with puckering eyebrows. "And it ought not to 'matter whether, a I Woman is handsome or ugly — — " "Oh, but it does though," Jim fervently interjected. " An ugly woman has her place in ,the scheme of the universe as well as o'pretty one." " I suppose so — but I doh't work the scheme of the universe, and so the Ugly women don't concern me." "I am very glad you don't work the Scheme of the universe, for you ; would certainly work it very badly, and after the fashion of a very silly young' man. ' You must be awfully young." . . . . Older than you, anyhow." " But a woman is always ranch older than a man in proportion to years — and it makes me feel . that you are so ridiculously young when you talk as if there was notiiing in the world to be thought of but a woman's pretty face. It makes me . angry to hear men prate like that.1' " But you yourself called my atten tion to the face of your friend, and you were angry when I carelessly Bpoke of it as pretty, because you did not tliink the word was half good enough.' " What has that got to do with the question! I sty that she is handsome, and I want to have justice done to her \ but I do not love her merely be cause she is handsome. Never mind, we won't1 argue about her, or about woman's beauty,. and whether it ought to be the oniy thing thought.of'when -we are making oar estimate of woman's place in life. Don't yoti want to be, introduced to my friend, Miss Vine—' Clelia Vino!" "Of course I do. What a pretty classical ' name, Clelia ! ' I' am most anxious to make her acquaintance." " Acquain tance ! I don't think she is a girl who much cares about multi plying acquaintances. If she does not soon take, to you as a friend she will contrive to let you know." . : "And then," Oonrad asked, .in affected dismay, " what shall I do ?" " Fall back on me," Miss Morefield promptly answered, with a saucy, kindly smile. ' "Ah, then- I am all right, happen what will," Conrad said, and the. good- humoured little lady brought him up 'and .presented him to, her friend.'. Some (nan was talking' to Miss' Vine, but he politely gave way when Conrad was brought up by the daughter .of the hostess, and Jim settled himself down in the chair' beside the girl with the deep, dark eyes. She gave him a sweet and gracious welcome — frank, unconcerned, almost commonplace in its frankness, Jim / hud ; expected something more' in the- style of the. tragic muse. f'l am very glad to meet' you, Mr. Conrad. I have heard a great deal about you to-day from Mrs. Morefield, and from Gertrude. Gertrude. More- field is my dearest friend." "Yes, and I have heard about you, and I have studied your photograph, and I recognised you the moment I saw you at the dinner table." , i ' " The photograph is ,a very .good likeness," the girl quietly said. " It was done specially for, Gertrude. <' .' I am very fond of her, although.; we don't always quite agree in our views of things." ' " What are your-views of things ?" ... "'Oh,, well, perhaps it .is; there that the difference, comes in. I can't bay that I have any partietilar views.; 'of. things as .she has and she' thinks., that all women ought to have.' I' haven't read ' as much as she hus, and I don't know enougiv.to form-jany opinions worth ' the forming, and I am; afiaid. she' thinks me . a, littlev'Sgotis':) tical." ' , " Egotistical 2 That car.tainly: wag not the opinion of you whioh Sh'a'ex-. pressed to me." . ; , ? ."Oh no, I dare say not. T know; she thinks very highly of me, and she certainly would not give me away to a stranger; and indeed -ail her' geese are swans, as I have often told-her.. But .just because she. likes me she thinks I ought to take a deopor inf terst inhuman affairs." '' ' ' : " She is an enthusiast about human affairs," Conrad said. She in- — but it is curious — she is a1 downright enthusiast about her mother and about her friends, and she; can discuss the problems of life. with the composure of an ancient philosor' plier. She puzzles me sometimes, but I love her always. I dp hope she will be happy," . . "Why should she not. be? Some man will make her happy." - Miss Vine smiled. "I'm sure Gertrude woul J say if she heard you : " How like a- man. to-, say ..that." . .... : " To say;what ?'' " " To say. that soma man' will make her happy." . \- "But surely a man is ordained,. one might say, to make a woman happy." ', "A man is ordained, perhaps, tb make a woman unhappy." She spoke those words with a sudden expression or earnestness and 'of. - conviction.' Then, as if she felt she . had been showing too much of. earnestness and conviction she at once relapsed into her ordinary tone of voice. ' " You have not known Gertrude Morefield long ?" "No ; only met her and her, mother quite lately. But we;hay'e:sbme..close, friends in. common— I like them very much, the mother and daughier." "In my mind," she «aid, ." their existence raises the average of : hu-; rnanity: I only hope that child Will . be- happy."-- "Well, she professes that she will be able to keep free fr'o.m one of the great troubles of humanity." : "What is that?" ; . " Oh, comb' now, falling in love,:;.of course.1' "Has she been telling that, to you?" ". i , "Yes, as a matter of casual talk ; not as any matter of confidence; " ' . . "What did she tell. you ?.". " "She told me that she .never Had been in love." ,V " Oh I that ' . and the girl made an impatient movement With her shoulders. ; "Yes, that; but she also said that she never meant to fall in; Jove; Of course, I know that lots of girls say that." ;' "She isn't like lots of girls ;' and I am sure she meant it when she said it. Bat I know well that there is a loving heart under all that philosophic ex terior, and I am afraid. about her, and I want her to be very .'liappy." " And you think she can't be if she falls in love ?" "Oh no ; I did not say that. But she is a girl likoly to bo disappointed if she does not meet with the right man. You know that her mother is ;in very delicate ..health ?' , " Yos, I know that." "She only keeps alive b'y goingaBout to warm climates in the winter, and I don't think she knows how much .danger- site is in. But Ger.trude knows it. One of her troubles, is to keep in 1 perpetually good spirits so that her -mother may not think that she is alarmed. Of course, if anything were to happen to her mother, and tho right man had not come " she stopped. " Well, then ?" "Then I suppose Gertrude and I would give up civilisation- together, and start off in companionship for some wilderness." _ " Come, I hope that won't happen." . " I think it would please me well. Not the death of my dear friend Mrs. Morefield— Heaven forbid ! — but to go away from civilisation with . Ger trude, and live our own lives and not think'nbout the world any more. . But. I suppose it would hot suit her,' she added,: with , a -half-suppressed sigh. "That is another reason why I wish she could find that right man arid fall.'-in love with him, or at . least let him . fall in love with her." "I am sure such a life would, not suit you in the least," Jim said, earnestly. , ' " " You do.not kriow me ; ;you know nothing about hie." ' ' " I hope to 'know " you," he said, gently, , ".I hope ''you will allojv me to kripw you." ' ': " Oh- yes, sutely. - Any friend of .the 'Motefiolds is already by right of friendship a . friend", of mine. You knowT-'am? staying with" them, and shall be travelling with them. You will see me if you come to see them, and of course vou will do that." " Yes, of course, I shall do that." The company was evidently on the breakrup. . One or two guests . had al ready gone. Jim felt a strong anxiety to get'.-a touch of his new friend's hand before leaving.. His proper coarse was doubtless to say good-night to his hpstess first and then to her daughter, and then to get out of the room with a general, all-round bow, But he felt that he could never get back to Miss Yino once lie bad taken farewell of the Morefield women, and he was ren dered desperate. He must touoh her hand. " Good-night," he said, and he held out his hand. She put hers into it, ,brit she gave him not the faintest pressure, simply laid her. hand in his and allowed him to- clasp it, I.t felt cold to his touch. He. was sorry he had taken any pains to. get at this 'parting salutation. , Then he found his hostess; , " Don't gojust yet," she said. '?You see we are under the same roof — you are at home. Stay a little and talk to us." ; . Jim delightedly stayed. - The outer guests, if we inay call them so, took -their, leave. Lady Diana asked Jim. to come - and see her in Biarritz, if lie went that, way in .the season, ... and; Jim promised that he certainly. would call at her villa -if he went that way; knowing, full well thqt lie had not'- the' slightest intention of going that way. f' Now," said Miss Morefield, when Hie outer /world had departed, " let 'us draw our chairs together and talk."- ' , . " What shall we talk about ?'' Jim .asked, tentatively. "Let us talk about life," Miss Morefield promptly answerod. J'But what is life?" Jim asked, trying to throw himself into the spirit of Miss Morefield's investigation; " That's just what I want to find out," Miss Morefield answered., f I think I know enough about life;" Mrs. Morefield said, with a smile. " I .think I am content with my experi ences, and. only ask that I may not have any worse. To tie life is resigna tion." " To. me iife ia hope," said Mis3 Morefield. ; -'."Doesn't somebody soy," Miss Vine 'struck in, " that the one lesson of life lis 'renunciation— thou shalt renounce i-it'is 'Gootlie, isn't' it ?"' " " Tt is Goethe, ' Jim answered, "but ;-we must not take it that way, v/e must not take it as his owri view of 'things. He puts the sentiment into the mouth of his -world-wearied Faust,"' "The feeiing has always appealed to me," she said, ' "But surely at your time. of life you cannot be unhappy," Jim. , said, bluntly. ' .. "I am living,' she replied... ....... . "Come, this talk is getting 'too gloomy," Mrs. Morefield said. "We : ought to have some - ghost stories to ' enliven us." Conrad.wished very, much that the jyoung lady 'who had made this riheer- lless answer; was an oucside guest as :'well as the others. But ho wished this only because she. would then havohad ; tb go away and would have left him alone with the mother and duughtcr, and he could havo asked them all about her and about her story, and why sbe 3eemed so depressed and why her views of lifo wero those of the world- wearied Faust before he started on his new tour of youth arid ' emotion and of experience to bo drawn from e'very souroe and every ago. But the girl was staying with tho Morafields in their rooms and he had to go away without learning anything of her his- tbry. (to be continued.) 