M p8E^SGARDEN. AN OLD MAN'S STORY OF AH OLD HOUSE. . CHAPTBiSiiy. Br Joseph Hattox. I could not tell tny ; wife ibis etory o^ my dream. Some<if-it I had forgotten when I awoke. ..The general tenonr of the affair remained frith me. I had forgotten the description of Hie boose. Bite of details come to me at odd times. It was one of those tantalising dreams that yon want to remember. Yoa get some of it nght and then there is a hiatus. I knew that the vision gave me a very circumstantial account of the stoiy of Moorhsad'sTpartner, bat for the life of me I coald not remember the most important parts ©f it. I tried to dream it over again, bnt couldn't. The only incidents of it that came back to me / came daring.my waking hoars. I remembered parts of it suddenly while I was at work in the city. What I coald not get hold of was the description and locality of the house wh«rp^lin money was hidden. In tbe course of a few weeks the Whole thing began to fade ont. I had other affairs to think of, more important than dreams. Bnt Bath and I would often talk of her grandfather, and what blessing it was that he had died before the discovery of the fraadnlent conduct of his trustee was known. It turned oat that his false steward was known a9 very pious and circumspect man, a wholesale trader in ironmongery, and understood to be as wealthy as he was generous. His name figured in all the local lists of public charities ; bat that paltry thousand pounds was tbe last straw on his camel's load of guilt. One day, when my dream was more than ever a thing of threads and patches I was walking with Ruth about tbe Heath, and she paused before a house, upon the front of which there was a board, announcing that it was to be let, or the freehold to be soldi It was a snag- looking place, surrounded by an old brick wall, grey with age, and covered with lichens. Tbe steep red roofs of the gabled buildings were in artistic contrast with the budding trees and the first blossoms of spring. It was early April, and a great pear tree was white as snow ; and at the botton of the garden several popUr trees that had been lopped here and there, to save them from the winds, were showing their spring shoots, and bending a little to the brreze that was scattering the pear blossoms eren outside the garden walls. Rath suggested that we should go in and see the house. Not that there was tbe remotest chance of our taking it; but the board invited persons to inquire within, and Ruth said tbe care-taker might let as sit in tbe garden. She knew it was in the hands of a care-taker because it looked empty, and there was only a little smoke going np out of one chimney, the kitchen chimney, no doubt. The outer steps of the gate had been cleaned, and a flock of starlings were perched on the roof as we stood and looked ap at the sign. We knocked at the door. A slatternly woman answered the sammons. We tried to ring the bell, bat it was broken. She coald not let us in without an order, she sail. But we pointed to the board, and after some demur she admitted as. I afterwards thought the woman had a reason for denying as. Her husband was digging beneath the poplars. He was a constable, this man who was gardening. He went oat o' nights, and lived here with his wife in the .daytime. They were harmless, decent people. Tbe woman showed as the house. A strange feeling came over me. My wife was delighted with the old place. It had quaint fireplaces,with carious wainscotted rooms, that looked like pictures one had seen of historic houses. It was rather dilapidated. The woman said folk did not fancy the place because it had got abont that it was haunted. I felt tbat it might be. Left behind in one of the rooms I found myself looking about, as if I expected to see tbe ghost. Once I felt as if someone brushed by me. bat it was no doubt a draught of cold wind from one of the windows, where a pane of glass was broken. All this time I never once thought of the dream. Bat whea we sauntered round tbe garden, I felt as if I had been there before, I Baid so to Rath. She smiled, and said it was a common thing for people to feel in odd moments as if they had lived in some other world or at some other time or in some other place. It was a warm day for April. The son was shilling gloriously. A few pausies were peeping through some fallen leaves upon one of the beds, and a clnmp of daffodills coald be seen away in the back of the ganfeot-. J^a^jtoj^l^ pence into thp hand oflw woman car®— : taker, and she asked as If we would like to sit awhile in the garden, and die offered as a glass of milk. We said we would like to sit awhile, and we did, and as we sat ne&T; the southern wall by the s^-popte^ ray dream began to Bhape-iteeU li my mind with singular viffdf^ss. Ruth asked the woman if she might gather a daffodil, and tbe woman walked with her into the back garden. My visionary visitor came into my mind with extraordinary clearness, and I 1 remembered all Mb story like a flash ; not in detail, bat all at once, the entire effect of it, with the description of the garden, the southern wall, tbe pear tree, tbe poplars, and alt die possibilities that belonged to my strange vision. * This is the honse,M said to myself ; 'this is the robber'egarden. These are the poplars, and there is the buried treasure of Moorland IiestwickV partner. As I said so, a feeling of elation took possession of me, and again I thanght itme one was standing near me. That was my. fancy, no doubt; for I bad began to fed very superstitious, and as ' the breeze once more shook the blossoms tin pear tree, it seemed as if a voice said : * For her sake'. At tbat absorbing rooncnt Ruth came to-me with a tench of daffiofrilH, and fibe said, * This m God's living gold-- •can F«r • moment!* words chilled me but it is tbe wav of the poor to try and find consolation in other gods than tbe one God whom all tbe world worships, - Rath asked me what tad occurred. ' I said nothing in particular. She asked me because I looked so canons. * How carious?' I asked offhandedly. 'So elated,' she said, * so bappy, so expectant, if the daffdils jrere. after all, more than flowers, as if I had oome into a fortune.' She went on qnite wildly, hat I stopped her, because I saw the old care-taker look at me in an odd way, and her husband came back to his digging beneath the poplars. When Ruth said I looked as if I had come into a fortune, the woman glanced at her husband ; and I bave always thought it odd that he should then return to the work in which we had disturbed him. I coald not help asking bim what he was digging for. - He said in the very words I bad used to Ruth, 'Nothing in particular.' This made me suspicions at once. I was determined to know why he was digging in that particular spot I had no doubt whatever that right under his spade was tbfe first box of guineas that Macgillan hiai buried in the garden of my dream. Tb'e main "said he supposed there was no barm in digging in a garden that hadn't been cultivated fo" years and years.: Indeed, he thought it was a charity to dig in it. I felt as if there was an underlying meaning in his words. How Bbould it be a charity, I thought, in his case. Had the ghost of Macgillan appeared to this man as well as to me ? No doubt. I said, it would be a good thing to dig the garden in tbe ordinary way, but I observed tbat he was making a hole, excavating in fact. Yes. he said that was so. Then I began to feel awfully anxiouB. Why ? I asked. The man, in reply, inquired if I was the owner of the house. To the surprise of my wife I said, well, not at that moment, but I might be the ntxt day ; that it was my intention to buy it. ' My d ear, said my wife in a surprised way, and anoat to ssy I know not what, stopped her antboritively and spoke as I had never tpoken before. She looked frightened. I patted her on the shoulder and said, * It's all right Ruth, you don't understand. I did not tell yoa when we eime ia that I wanted to buy the house, and give it to you as surprise.' The man and woman looked at each other, and Rnth was pale with the fear tbat I bad gone mad. I was instantly myself again, when the man said, ' Well, eir, if it's like that, mayhap Td better tell yoa that I was only jusi adiggin' a grave for my old Cbloe, a cat as we've had for ten year, and rest her dear carcase, she's dead, and I was making a last resting place for her.' Fearing that this was only a subterfuge I asked bim to show me the cat. I assumed quite an air of ownership of the house and grounds. The man took me into the kitchen and introduced me to a solemn little corner, in which there was a cat in a coffin, ready to be nailed down and put in the ground. ' Very well,' I said,' that's all right, 'and gave the man almost tbe only shilling bad in the world, as I did not take my salary until the next day. But I bad a little condition to make. He complied, filled up tbe hole under the poplars, and buried his dead friend in the back garden, near the daffodills. He gave in the address of tbe solicitor to whom application bad to be made for renting the house. Ruth was both troubled and perplexed at my strange conduct; but as we walked homewards I told her such parts of my dream as I thought wonld justify what I had done, leaving out her father and herself, and yet getting her and her interests into tbe narrative in snch a way as to make ber feel bow large a part she had in the revelation ; and I hinted that perhaps Providence was going to make up to her for tbe loss cf tbe money ber dear, dead grandfather had intended she would possess. Rath was of an imaginative turn of mind, and she fell into tbe fancy of the affair right away. The fact tbat tbe dream had come back to me dear and vivid for the first time, while I was sitting in the garden, made Ruth even more sanguine than I was—if tbat were possible—as to the truthfulness of the disclosures I had received in the dream. We sat np ever so late that night talking the affair over and forming plana for approaching the solution of oar hopes and fears. What we decided upon yoa will understand by what we did. (7b be Continued.) 