ORIGIN OF CHRISTMAS ANNUALS. Christmas annuals arc now recognised as ordinary features of literature at thc end of the year. But once they «-ere unknown, and a writer in the Windsor Magazine tells us about their beginning : Sonic authorities now argue that the (t Christmas Carol " was the real foundation of the annual. If so, it is curious to note that the editio princept ap- peared in a little volume very much in thc small keepsake form. Slater thus describes it : " Published not in red, but in brown cloth, with gilt edges, gilt design, and green end papers.' On page one the bead words read, "Stave I." The words "Stave I." in- dicate a later issue, no matter how the book may bc bound. It is also, perhaps, amusing to note that the market price of the first edition of thc " Christmas Carol " runs from £3 10s. upwards. Let it be known, however, that despite its world- wide popularity, the author regarded the Carol as more or less a commercial failure («tc). He writes : " I found the Carol accounts waiting for me, and they were tho cause of it (illness). The first 6000 copies show a profit of £230, and the last four will yield as much more. I had set my heart and soul on a thousand clear." It is evident, from the character of thc preface, that Dickens counted on what might be called a general circulation, for he says : " I have endeavoured in this ghostly little book, to raise the ghost of an idea which shall not put my readers out of humour with themselves, with each other, with the season or with me. Jlay it liaLnt their houses pleasantly, amt no one wish to lay it." Neither "The Carol Chimes," " The Cricket on the Hearth," "The Battle of Life," nor "The Haunted Man," fulfilled in any way the expectations of the writer. "The truth was," writes the biographer of Dickens, " as to all the Christ- mas Btorics issued in this form, that the price charged was too large, for the public addressed by tbem was too little to re- munerate their outlay ; and when in later years he put forth similar fanoies for Christ- mas, charging for them fewer pence than the shillings charged for these, he counted his purchases-with fairly corresponding gains to himself-not by tens but by hundreds of thousands." 