| THE GOLDEN IDOL. A STORY OF ADVENTURE. CHAPTER XI. THE SCARE. BY .T. E. MUDDOCK, • Author-of " The Dead Man's Secret." "From the Bosom of tho Deep," " Stormlighi," "Maid Marian and Robin Hood," '• Stories Wened and Wonderful, " &e.;, &c; The young men warns out of their bunks in in instant, and tumbling into their clothes in a. space of time that beat tin- reoord, they rushed into the cuddy, and as they reached the companion way they saw the skipper hurrying up. lie was bareheaded and barefooted. He had only his trousers and shirt on, "and his braces wore dangling behind. On dock all was confusion. The wind was piping merrily, and tho brig was lying over to her lee scuppers, while tho Kails were bellied out until they were stiff and rigid as iron. "Now then, you lubbers in the foc'sle," roared tho mate, "turn out." Scarcely had the words left his lips when then) was a great flash of light on the weather quarter, then the boom of a gun, and simultanoons with the boom a round shot screeched over the ship. " What s the matter? What's the matter?'' demanded the captain of the mate. "There's a man of war, sir, I think, on tho • starboard quarter, firing at, us." The skippa- understood what that meant. 3t was an orckw to lay to for some reason or other. "'Now then, men, lay aft here," lie shouted hoaraejy. " Let go your lee main and lee topsail braces. Now then, tail on there to windward. Haul the vards round. Work away with the slack. Clue up the foretopsail. Let go /our fm-e weather sheet, keep your helm steady man. Mfcke fast the weather braces. Take in the slack to leeward'" Such were the rapid orders that were issued '; one after the other, and with most creditable ' smartness the cersv performed their duties, until the ship's w«a r was stopped, and she was . hovo to. Then awiiv to windward the black hull of a, steamer could be discerned, and l>etween her and the brig a light was observed * «m the surf ace of the water, rising and falling •with the waves, and indicating that a boat was \--approaching. "Get a ladder over the side,", shouted the dapper and that being done, the crew crowded along tho -weather rail watching the approach of tho boxt. "Ship, ahoy," came over the facc of the • Wack waters. "What isit?" answsrfd tho captain. " What's the name of your ship? ' "The Break of Day." "Where from*'" "BHsbanei" The boat was now close to. She was pulled under tho stem of the brig, and then clev erly laid alongside to loewaro, and a lino being -thrown from the Ship, she was made fast. A 'naval offioer mounted the ladder, wparing his sword. He was followed by two marines, who \- stood to arms as soon as they got on deck. : Then six, bluejackets .oome up, and drawing their cutlasses, ranged themselves beside the unarmtts. The offioer ajiproacliod and saluted the captain. v . _ " lam the second lieutenant of Her Majesty's ' gunboat Squirrel," he said. " We have reason to believe that you have on board a man by the name of Peter Jackson, with a long string of aliasbcs, who is wanted for a series of murders committed in Queensland, New South Wales, and elsewhere. Soon after your departure we received instructions to overhaul you and search tie ship." "That's all right," said the captain. ^Search away." "Are all your hands on deck?" aeked tho offioer. " Yes.* 1 " Get some lamp3, please. And men, range 'yourselves in a row to windward." The lieutenant handed the captain a pho- \- tograph, and told one of tho men to hold a "lantern BO that the photograph oould bo examined. " That's a picture of the man. Captain. Do you recognise him?" said the lieutenant. "1 do not," was the answer. "We have scarcely been at sea, a day yet, and I haven't had i&ie; to become acquainted with the , crew."* "WeH, muster all your hands," said the lieutBnait in a commanding tone. "See thiit every man shows himself." The sl»'f)'s booka were produced, and each man was tnld to call out his name. They were «ountod, and found' to be one short. The officerjscratinized every face, but not one tallied •with the pli&'tograph. *'IsUlyoi.tr crew here?" . "No," auBwered tho captain; "there's one hand short-" " Had youtjour full number on leaving?" "Ye&. Enary one. I mustered them in the offioer; went to the ship's side and ordered some jfioro of his boat's crew,to come . tip. .Then be set a guard over the Hands on deck, .giving them strict orders not to stir from their positions, under penalty of bein<g cut down. That matter settled, he proceeded in oem|>any with Ae captain, the boatswain, and three blud jackete, to search tho ship. They ^aiched high atjd they searched low. The search was tnorongh. A cat could hardly have escaped it. But it was fruitless; the missing .man was not found. No one could or no one would Bay what Lad become of him. It was a profound mystery, for there wss no doubt he had bean -on board. Some of the crew identified him by the photograph, and said they had seen hun on deck ana in the fore- ., castle. When the watches were being set, lie was tcid off to the second mate's watch. He ihipped in the nameof James Brinton. When •ho had.disappeared, or where he had gone to, \- no one comd say. But a young fellow, an . ordinary "seaman, volunteered the statement . thatiieliad seen him in the forecastle after the i tug h*d cast the brig off when they were clear of the river. .This Statement caw sed the naval lieutenAnt to search the vessel again, even more thoroughly, /if that watt possible, than on the first oocasion, ' • but with a, lie result. The wanted man was . not discovered. So the officer brusquely apolo- -jgiaed-'for the trouble be had given the capf'tain.': Then mustering his own men, he took shis departure, and as soon as he had got clear -thebng squared away her yards, got sail on, Viand was laid on her yinrse again. 1 .' When the excitement of the incident was over, and the watch below had befen told to trim in again, the mate, in discussing the -"matter -with the captain, Chibble and Sherard, said gloomily— " 1 don't like this beginning, air. It means bad luok." Like most sailors, he was very superstitious. /'Nor I," responded the captain. "But we shall be all right. One thing is oertain— the fellow is not on board now. He must have gone over the side, and by this time is in Davey Jones's locker. Well, that's the proper place for such vermin. They've no business amongst honest sailor man." There was a unanimous assent to this, and »s the eastern horizon was already beginning to glow with the light of the dawning day, for it was nearly eight bells, A those who could went below to get some sleep. The sun was high when Chibbles and Sherard •went on deck. The mate -was on the poop, for he had t}ie piorning watch, and while some of the men were washing decks, others were busy putting things in seagoing order. All sail that would possibly draw was set, and the veesel was making good way. although there was not so much wind. The Queensland coast was only dimly visible, as the Break of Day had lieen kept well to the westward of the Barrier Reef, which was clearly defined by the long- white surf line. The mate was still pondering evidently on the incident of the night, for when Cliibbles said to him, "It's a beautiful morning,'' he answered grumpily "Yes, sir, " it's fine enough at present, and fro shall carry these south-east trades up to our destination. But what's aback of it all , isn't for mo to say. We've got the passage before us yet, and the worst has to come. Reefs and rocks are scattered about like leaves in a garden on an autumn day." "But they are all marked on the chart," suggested Bob. " No, sir. they're not,' answered the mate bluntly'. " Tlicm seas round New Guinea and the off-lying islands'have only been partly surveyed, and some of the seas are not known at all. >"ot that I'd care for thai. Notine. I'm open to bet my bottom dollar that I'd save the ling through the rockiest sea m the world, though a ship had never been there before. But we've started badly, sir. We started with a murderer on board, and he's disappeared. And a murderer on board a vessel is as unlucky as a corpse or a black cat. I once sailed in a barque with a bkek eat. She belonged to theskipper. I told liimithat if he didn't chuck .her overboard just as the moon was rising • something would happen." Chibbles and Sherrard both laughed heartily, and Bob said— " Well, and did anything happen? "You're laughing too soon, gentlemen," replied the mate, with a growl iikc an augry dog. "Yes, sir, something did happen. Two weeks after that we run on to a sunken rock, and burst a hole in our bottom. ' "But you were saved," said Dick, some • what ironically. "Yes, of course I was. or I shouldn t lx>. here telling you the story. But the skipper wasn't He and four of the hands was hM. "But that wasn't the fault of the black cat, ' laughed Bob. "Yes it was," answered the mate solemnly. " I know'd it when wn started, and 1 advised the tikipjier to heave the cat over the side, something would happen to us. Well, you see something did happen, so 1 prophesied correctly, didn't I?" ".Well, vour, prophecy was correct in th.it ease,"answered Chibbles, "but it was a mere DOjnc.idence." "Waa»t," said the mate with considerable Vacmth, for on the matter of his superstitions m t w w c p l d t h a c he was as dogmatic as lie could bp, and did not lie to be doubted. "Well, Sir, it's no use arguing with a man who won't ba convinced. But now look you here, if I sa v.s as wo shall come to grief on tins trip, and we do come to grief, will you admit that I'm right?" The terrible earnestness with which the pomman said this caused both his lktencHt to roar with laughter, and Bob exclaimed, " If we come to grief you know we shall all bo lost probably, so that we shall not be in a position to express an opinion." " That is true; but 1 dare say you will have time to think of my words before you goes to the bottom. I tell you straight, I'd give two months' wages if that yore murderer hadn't come on board this craft." "'You think he really did come ou board, then?" asked Did;. "I'm sure and certain he did." "And how do you think he disappeared?" "It ain't for me to Kay. It's clear enough that he's gone, for thjm man-o'-wax chaps didn't leave no place unstarched ; they even looked in the oook's oven. Well, now. unless he's the devil, he, couldn't have stowed himself away and not been found. Mv belief is that when he heard that gun that was fired to bring us to he saw he'd no chance, and lie just chucked himself overljoard, and that w:ls about the best thing lie could do." it he was the brutal ruffian such as the officer described, it was : though perhaps it would have been better if he'd been publicly handed as a deterrent example." "What I wish," repeated the mate as he went for'ard to help the man to set the flving jib, "is that he'd never come aboard this vessel." Sherard afid his friend could not help feeling amused at the mate's superstitious fears and his prophetic earnestness, and they at once irreverently dubbed him "The Prophet of Evil. ' It is needless to say that tlicv attached no importance to what he had said—in f/ct, they soon forgot it, for there were a hundred things to distract their attention, and tliev both began to take lessons in sailor work and navigation, for they felt that some knowledge of the subject would be useful during their wanderings. They both showed themselves smart at it, and in the course of a week they not only knew the name of every sail and every rope in the ship, but could lend a hand at reefing, furliiiir, ana setting sail. With the bouth-east trade wind blowing strong, as it was at that time, the brig did good work; and giving a wide berth to the entrance to Torres Straits, her course was laid for the Louisiadc Archipelago, which oomprnps the cluster of islands, islets, rocks, and reefs at the extreme south-east point of Iveiv Guinea, which is known as South Ca]>e, and is separated from the islands by China Strait. One evening with a hery glowing, lurid, and angry sky, all hands wero eagerly on the lookout for land. Men were at the knighthe-ads, on the bowsprit, in the tpps, along the rails, and every eye was strained peering out to where the sea "glowed with saffron and red from the declining raj-s of tho sun. The captain was particularlv anxious to sight the land before j^arkness fell so that he might get his position, and then shorten sail so as to creep along through the night, for it was far too dangerous to attempt the navigation of the archipelago during the hours of darkness. A light steady breeze was blowing, and the sea was calm. As the sun went down the very atmosphere seemed to glow with colour, while the sky was like a painter's palette, with this exception, that every colour ever mixed by the hand of man is dull and meaning-less when compared to the brilliant living painting which is seen at sunset and sunrise in those glorious seas, and which Oil the night in question was exceptionally strilcing. Suddenly from the lookout in the foretop came the cry of " Laud ahead, Sir." The skipper ran into the forecastle with his glass and confirmed the report. There ou the glowing horizon, hung as it seemed between the flaming sky and the glowing sea, was a palm-fringed island. A smile of satisfaction spread itself over his face, for it proved that he was absolutely correct when he made his reckoning at noon. He said then, "We shall see the extreme southernmost island of the archipelago about 7 o'clock," and there sure enough it was. and •six bells had only just struck. "All hands shorten sail,'' shouted tho skipper, as he returned to the poop, and soon was heard the creaking of blocks, the flapping of canvas, the chantying of the sailors as they hauled on the ropes ; and when tlie work was completed, the hands were told they could lay aft with their pamiikins'for a tot of grog, by orders of two of the owners:, Mr. Chibbles and Mr. Sherard. There was a hearty cheer at this announcement, and the men made a rush for the foc'sle to get their pannikins; but no sooner had the foremost of them entered than tliev rushed out again with blanched lips, and a cry that wasn't, a cheer issuing from them. As they crowded aft m a body without their pannikins and with scared faces, the captain, who was standing with the mate at *the break of the poop,' sung out quickly:— > " What s the matter, man, what's tlie matter?" The Yank stepped forward and constituted himself the spokesman. " Wsl, sir," he said in his u4ual drawl, " I've never seed a ghost afore, but blame me if thereain t one right there in the foc'sle." " Bedad the Yank's roight, sor." exclaimed Brian'Mulligan, the giant. "Ioneed .saw a ghost in my native town. It ^vvas crossing a bog, begorra, as I was after coming from the waking of ould Creaghar's widdy. It was oighty loike the ghost in the foc'sle, except that it's eyes were Ifjike two burning coals, and the sulphurous flames wa^ coming out of its mouth. But divil a flame or divil a tire is here about the foc'stle ghost." "Nary a fire," added the^giant. "It's as hite as a biled shirt." The mate had turned pale, as far as a man ith such a burnt and bronzed face as he had ould look pale, and clutching nervously at the oop rail, he muttered— "I said so; I knowed we were in for bad uck." CHAPTER Xir. A TERRIBLE NIGHT. The boatswain, who was at the stern coiling own a rope when tho men came aft, ran to he break of llie poop, thinking there was a row on, and if that was so he would certainly ave to be reckoned witii, and that reckoning would not be altogether an easy one. H(^was formidable customer, while his appearance ertainly suggested that it would^J;i.ke something more tangible than a ghost to frighten him. Ros setti, the Italian steward, who had rushed on deck, had Hopped ou to his knee's when he heard about the ghost, and was praying to the Virgin to protect him ; while Chib bles and Sherard were below in the cuddv looking after the grog, as it had been arranged that all the liquor on board was to be under their control. "Well, you're a precious lot of skunks, you are," growled the boatswain in deep bass guttural tones as descending the poop ladder he strode forward and into tlie fo'c'sle, but saw nothing in tl.a shape of a ghost. Coming aft again he rated the hands for }heir cowardice. "Strikes me, boys," he said "that there ghost was more. Beared than you are, for it. skiddadled." And he laughed satirically. There was a general exclamation amongst the crew that they had certainly seen a ghost, and not until tlie -sceptical boatswain led the wav did they show any disposition to go for their pannikins. The skipper and second manfollowed them, but the mate and the steward remained on the poop, the latter still engaged in his appeal to the Virgin. By the time they gained tlie fo'c'sle the ghost had no doubt ticcome invisible. The slush lamps were lit, but they quite fa led to reveal the presence of anything VJ human form less tangible than tho'-c. weathei-lieaten shell backs, who never shrank from Death when he threatened them, in storm vexed coast, in raging sea, and howling winds, and the other hundred ways in which lie familiarises himself to sailors: and yet thev showed fear at what they were pleased to term a ghost, as children do at the cry of bo^ev. But sailors are strange beings, and thev have" a far greater dread of the creation of Un-ir own imaginings than tlicy have a; storm winds and raging main. The boatswain chaffed tlicm mercilessly. The skipper remained silent. He v.not or- it' 1 tree from superstition himself, but he concenh'd it. Chibbles and Sherard had run forward on hearing tire hubbub, and they joined the Ijost •- wain in ridiculing the civw. Tin: in-u -tuck to their guns, however, and "Gummy"' and "' Ginger," the P. - -:iuan boys, declared that they too lia'l seen it, and they were authorities on gho.ts, for their native country swarmed with them. There were all kinds good and bad, and the great sorcerers of Payna could summon up spirits at any lime. So there was no lllistahc about it. Thus" I'.ipu.iu b'jye knew what ghosts were, and could not be mistaken. " Well, look here, shipmates," said tin: biatswain at, last "if you want your grog vou'd belter lav aft and get it, or blow me if vou shall have it at all." As the gho-t had ceilainlv taken lnmsclf off, the men were not disposed to Jov the chance, of gelling atot. so tliev sei/.cd their pannikins and went to the cuddy door where tho rum v;as served to them. Sonc tos-cd it off v.'i'h a gulp, but others carried it to their siecnincple.ee, where tlicy lighted their pipes, eiid as they sat on their seachesls in the dim light of the swinging slush lamp-;, they talked about the ghn.it; and about oir.'-iis. signs, and various other things-of the kind in which thev had a thorough belief. The b'je.tswam might chad rheums much ns lie liked, but if he bad s""n it, he would heve been just as scared ;t.s thev were. At least that v.-#s the generally expressed opinion. Eight bells struck: the watch was ...bifid, and when the watch below came oft dock tin v speedily turned in, and wcreso'in ,t-leep. There was no moon the.r night. The heavens were clouded over, and the wind ahno-t entirely diet! away. What, there was caiue in purfs, hot as the blasts from a furnace. The skipper was anxious and watchful, lie kept his eye on the barometer, wli h was falling rapidly. He tested th« temperature of the sea. He tried for soundings, b it there was no bottom reached with sixty fathoms out. He had a look-out in the foretop and one at the jibboom end, and each was paxticularly eautioued to keep his weather eye open for broken water, but none was reported. Tlie skipper would not go ljelow. He, the boatswain, and the second mate, whose wateh it was, kent on the poap on the alert for anything there was to lie seen, or anything there was to be heard. But .sea and sky were inky black Never a star shone, and the blackness of the waters was only partially relieved by a sudden outburst of phosphorescent glowwlnle the track of a shark could now and again be traced by the glow the brute caused as lie moved lazilv through the deep. Chibbles and his friend were also on deck But thev lolled on the after skylight and smoked "in silence. The atmosphere was heavy, and the sultriness induced to languidur~<." It w;ls one of those v.-eird, mysterious sort of nights often experienced in the tropics, when the silence is maddening, and the suggestiveness of something about to happen begets a peculiar nervous restlessness. Nature seems sullen and brooding, and it is impossible to suppress a feeling that she may suddenly 'cap into demoniacal auger and scatter things. The little wind there was gradually died away and fell to a dead calm. The sultriness increased. The sails hum? motionless against the masts, save when the vessel rolled or pitched to the swell, then they flapped with a great sound, as if they were angry at having been disturbed. Blocks rattled and sheaves creaked as ropes were drawn taut or slackened by the flapping sails. But there were pauses, during winch there was an absolute, a deathlike silence; when tho ship might have been a ship of death, sailing motionless on a stagnant sea towards the soundless land of eternal night. Suddenly Sherard half started up from his reclining position, and said hurriedly and in a whisper ;us he pointed for'ard — " Look there, what is that?" There were two binnacles on the poop—one for tiie steersman just in front of the wheel, the other for'ard of the cuddy skylight and near the poop rail. The laitips of this binnacle threw a halo of light round about it; and creeping along near enough for the light to s:hine upon him was a man—a man with an awful face, a fatx; so white, so ghastly, so ^ag gard, that it might have been the face cf one who ha/3 l>een immured alive in a tomb, and had just burst out after enduring Unspeakable horror. He crawled stealthily along to the spot where the skipper, the second mate, and tne boatswain stood together. By this time Sherard and Chibbles were keenly on the alert and were sitting bolt upright. Then, prompted by the same motive, wiiich occurred to them simultaneously, they leap: forwa.rd. They thought the man crawling along so stealthily was bent on evil—that his object was to a.ssassiuate one of the three men. So they seized him, and instantly there was a dramatic scene. " Oh, don't hurt me, don't hurt me," moaned the wretch. " Here, Aring a light here," bawled the skipper to the watch, and in a brief space of time a man came running from the waist of the •ship with a lantern, the light of which was directed full upon tho face of the captive man, when the sailor who was holding the lantern cried out in mortal fear "That's the ghost 1 the ghost!" "Ghost be blowed," growled the boatswain; "that s Jim Brinton, the missing hand." "Yes, capt'n, that's me," muttered Jim in piteous accents. "And, oh God, capt'n, I'm starving. Give us a squre meal." " Bring him' down here," said the captain, indicating that "down here" was the cuddy. So the wretch was bustled down the companion way, and then it was noted how horrible he looked. His face made even strong men almost shudder. He had no need to tell them he was hungry. "I think," remarked the Captain, "we had better put the irons on the fellow." "Oil, no, no; don't do that Cap'n," he moaned. "I'm as weak as a cat. I won't harm any one. But give me something to eat for the sake of heaven, tiien I'll tell you about it." It was impossible to resist his appeal, and the second mate was ordered to go to the steward's pantry, for the steward hadturned in, and see what he could procure. He soon returned with some salt pork, captain's biscuits, and a lump of cheese. These things were ploeed before Brinton, who devoured them like a wolf, and he washed the food down with a tumbler hah' full of rum which Sherard brought to him. By the time he had finished some faint colour had come back to his cadaverous face, and his dull leaden eyes were somewhat brighter. "' Now then," exclaimed the Captain sternly, as he seated himself at the head of the table, while the stalwart boatswain stood guard over the shrinking wrctch, '' what have you got to say?" "~\Vel!.I've got to say this, Cap'n,"he began with a little more boldness as though tlie meal fie had p?.rtaken of had braced him up, "I ain't been a siint, you know, but what 1 done I done in self-defence. When 1 heard that gun fire from the ruau-a'-war I know'd they'd come ailer me, so I crept down through the booby hatch in the fo'c's'le and stoned myself away in an empty water-tank there is there, and that is the reason I wasn't found. I determined to keep there till you was well elear of the Queensland coast. But hunger drove me out, and I got in the fo'c'stle again, thinking my shipmates would deal fair with me ; but the bloomin' dunderheads thought 1 was a ghost, and as I was afraid they might go for me I got back to the tank again. But I can't stand it no longer, and I give myself up to you. All I ask is that you'll put me on shore on some part of New Guinea. ' There waa something like insolence in the way lie uttered the closing sentences. Probably be felt com meed that his request would be complied with and he would so far be free ; but even if lie had been landed it would have been stepping from the fryingpaji into the fire, for it -was almost a foregone conclusion that he would ultimately lx>, murdered and eaten by the savages, though mayhap he did not consider that. Or he may have thought that lie would have a better #hanee there, for if he stayed on hoard it was almost certain his shipmates would never tolerate him, and he v.ould be killed and thrown overboard. He found, however, he had reckoned somewhat without his host, for the captain ordered him to be put in irons and imprisoned in one of the spare cabins until his fate should be decided upon. I As soon as Brinton heard this, a fierce wicked look came into his eyes, and he put his hand suspiciously behind him as if to feel for ins sheathkmfe. which be wore in common with all sailors when at sea. But in an instant the ijoatswain had pinned him in a vice-like grip, and in another minute the second mate had fastened on a pair of band-irons and legirons, and in that condition the miserable wretch was thrust into a cabin and, of course, deprived of t.he knife. Tiien the mate was roused and informed that the ghost, had been caught, and that the ghost was none other than Peter Jackson, n'ins Brinton, v."ho was wanted for inttiiy crimes. And what they ail had to consider then was -what was to lie done with him. After a very short discussion ali present agreed that it was their duty lo deliver him over to the authorities, and the only way tlicy could do so wee to put about and run for the nearest station on the Queensland coast, which wits Cooktown. But :t was decided not to alter the ship's course until day The mate was about to return to hi; bed to finish lus watch below, ruid the captain M as going ou dc-k, when the prisoner in the cabin broke out into unearthly cries, intermingled with blasphemies and oaths, and then he took to hammering at the door with his irons. " I 11 soon bettlc you, uiv good fellow," said the boe(.swain, as going to the cabin he flung open the door; bul at that instant the pi'i.-oner. teaming .'it the mouth and with eyes like bails of fire, sprang at luni, and striking him with his manacled hands, tried to seize him with his teeth. It was crnlem that he was raving mad, and all hands then in the cabin tackled him, but he taxed their united strength, and some of the watch had to be called to lend assistance, lie was overpowered at la-t, but only with difficulty, and his wrists were bound behind him with ropes. It was then considered advisable to put hull on the lower d eck under the uuim hatch. There he was made fav: t-j a ring bolt in ihe deck, but provided with a mattress on which he could lie down. Buc. he continued to tug and strain like a, n"wlv caught wn'f, and to make the night hideous will, his dism;ti howls. 1 n the lnc^iutime the Captain had got very anxious :ib:jut the appearance of the wec.lher. The haromei T, which wa, previously low. had ilropiicrt thive-t.'iith^ in two hours. The atniospheic vis. so stagnant and so hot that it was sttllo.'.ttmy. Not a single gleam of light atiyv.'h' t-e tlie ;iv. ful gloom. There was biaekn'--s ab.ivr, binckness below, blackncss e . crywhere. The ship had e^iscd to roll and pi'.eh. and iicr^ sails hung motionless against but sevoutv fathom-- failed to rc.-uili bottom; it wa- -"I'tamco. lion.-ver. that a powerful current vtu- si uing to the north-east, rjid carrying tin* ship with it. The .skipper ciusulted ills charts again an<l0gaiu. and knew that tin ve r -scl was ve,-y close to the land, tiupleasa-.i'.iv i-iose. hr-'. mg regard in the set of till- current and the al,-.oc e of wind. The lead wa-' kept goinc. 'out there was r.o shoaling. it was (loop water all round. In that region, however, the water was do,:p right up to the land, and while one minute a ship iuicht h.'tve a hundred fathom-; of water under her. the next sue wes on the top of a coral wall. ilo'.ii mates remained ou deck with the Captain: so did Chibbles and Sherard, and Siove Ralston who for several davs had been routined to his bunk wuh illness, but the heat b"ing insuii'erable he had turned out c..id gone on lie k. Tiie carpenter had also been calied up, lest his services might be suddenly rerjuired. And I he anchors, which were stowed in board but not unbent from the cables, had been got over the side ready for letting go at, a moment's notice. Suddenly from the southward came a puff of hot wind, which strained the saiis out and g.ive the «hin way. hut in ten minutes it. had gone again ^ud all was as stagnant as before. "Vi r e are 111 for a blow," the skipper remarked to his mate, as he once more consulted the barometer and found it was still faliiu^ "We are, m for a buster," be added. " Tmn all hands out and reef the two topsails." The mate hurried on deck to give the order but scarcely had the words left his li;v; wh--j| \ mighty whirlwind descended upon ';«...;„ *i the black sea with incredible s,i !, •' white with hissing foam :-s tho i,.;,-.- breath blew upon it. In less tinn oihitites all was confusion. Fromstagnati kh.iJsmt hlike stillness the elements had broken into a. of sound. The sea roared ; the w hid howled and screeched. Both the fore raid the main topsails were blown clean out, of the boltropes, and the torn canvas cracked like a thousand whips, while the blocks and chain's seemed to bo endowed wi'h life, and to be furiously struggling to get free, that they might hurl themselves through the air and kiil every living tiling that opposed them. Two men were at the wheel, and all the others were striving with might and main to take in the rest of the sails. But it was no easy task, and one poor fellow in his endeavour to heave down the fore-topgallant str.vsail, which had fouled on the stay, was struck by the sheet and knocked overboard, to be see» no more Inhuman eyes. Notwithstanding that the ship had so little canvas on her she drove on at a fearful pace, and the Captain determined to lay to until dav light broke. It was easy to determine it; but it was another tiling to do it in such a tempest, He managed, however, to bring her up into the v/ind, and the men were ordered aloTt to clear the fore and main topsails and bend new ones. Before they could reach the top they were arrested by the cry of the look-out:— "Broken water right under th • bows." "Let her go off," roared the j tain to the men at the wheel. The order was obeyed. Tlie wheel spun round with fearful rapidity, but it was too late. The ship struck with :t mighty crash. She shuddered from stem to stern." She rose un and crashed down again with an awful grinding and splintering sound. No man could face the ti- ind, and the human voice was powerless to make itself heard, while all around the sea was a cauldron of boiling hissing white foam. Once more the vessel was lifted by a great upheaving swell, and once again she plunged down with an awful crasli, and fell heavilv over on to her side. The foremast went by the board, dragging the maiiitopmast with it, and amidst the thunders of the falling spars, the diabolical screeching of the wind, the bellowing of the sea ou the reef, the unspeakably awful confusion, the horror of which was enhanced by the impenetrable darkness, the Captain with all the force of his powerful voice sang out— " The ship is lost. Let every man do the best he can for himself." The roar of tho tempest, however, mocked him, and nobody heard what he said excepting those who were quite close to him. But there was no man on board but knew that the doom of the Break of Day was scaled, and he was face to face with grim Death. \ 