PROTECTION, j *S S NATIONAL POLICY. I WHITE V. COLORED LABOR. Japanese aud Chinese Competition. A?ia's Teeming Millions. Sv, -avming Around Our Shores The Present and tile Future. New South Wales v. Australia. England and New South Wales Against the World. 350 Million Protectionists— 35 Million Freetraders. TuEr.K lias been an extraordinary outburst of sound Bad fury over the questien of ?lapnneso competition during the last two or three months. Tbe 'Herald' Iibb devoted columns of leaders and scores of articles to prove that it is a myth The 'Tele graph,' in almost daily leaders and 'Outis' , in a multiplicity of paragraphs, have ridi- ; culed it as a ' bog-e :' while the ' Evening j News' scouts tbe idea in a couple of lead ing articles in onfe issue intended to answer the facts made public on the authority of the Chamber of Manufactures. But if the Japanese b -ot and shoe manufactories are myths, if the industrial intelligence j and activity of the Japanese are mere ] bogies, why is so mi cb iak and j aper expended in demolishing something that does not exist V The fact of the matter is the existence of this competition is too plain. It can neither be explained nor scoffed away— like Binquo's ghost, it will not disappear. The attitude of the Sydney press would bo la :g able, were it not disgracefully diein.'euu'jiis. All that was asserted at the Chamber of Manufactures was that com petition was to be dreaded from .Japan ; that the boot and shoe industry was active and nourishing in Japan ; that the J apanese were looking to Australia for a market ; that a consignment of boots and sboe^ had been received in Sydney. These facts have not an .l cannot be disproved. Why should the freetrade press be eo angry at free tra Ie : or rail at ilr Schey for exhibiting a pair of real Japanese boots ? 1'roteclionists do not demand protection from Japanese competition alone. It will be many years before Asiatic manufac tories will be able to crush our industries, as the prison and sweated labor of the 1'nited Mates, and the over production of the uauper-sweated labor of England and Europe, have done. To read the freetrade articles a stranger would imagine that we commanded our own mark its — not only in the boot trade, but in evervih ng else. While they are cudgeling their brains to exorcise the 'bogey' of Japanese competition, why don't they spare a moment to tell the truth about English, American, Austrian. French, and German competition in tho boot trade V It would bd worth while to answer these ligures from Coghlan, showing how the (Mbus J.aritt gave us partial commanu of our own market in boots and shoes : — In 1K'.'0-'J1, under freetrade, we imported boots andslioes to the value of ,£l,l!i2,;i.'ili. 1 EiO-J!: f_r Ilii; imports in boots and shoes fell to jL4:-a,7()7 -. in tbe second year, to ; in the third year, 1^9-1, to ; while for lS',(5the decrease of these imports were probably proportion ately greater. In 181M we imported boots and shoes from all the world iD '2-),--9r- cases, valued at and we ourselves exported — mark the contrast — I Mnglo case, valued at one solitary sovereign — probably a ca»e of Japanese samples being sent back for orders. i. ue sources to wnicn tne ? Lierata ana 'Telegraph' go for refutation of Protec tionist argument* and assertions, remind one of the old proverb abont birds of a feather — thieves ,who stick together to tell the same old lie in order to elitre the common plunder. The 'Telegraph' goes to a Japanese importer, doing a flourishing business in Sydney, in order to prove that the Japanese boot business was 'ull foolish ness.' Of course this Jap. waB not going to raise a scare against his own business by admitting tbat Japanese competition was a reality. Had he admitted it, the 'Telegraph ' would not have published it. Then there is that wonderful letter from a big linn of boot and shoe importers to Mr. John Haynes, which looked very auspiciously like a letter which Mr. Haynes might write to himself, or ask somebody to write to him. Of course, big boot and shoe importers won't help Pro tectionists to shut out the articles they import But neither Jobn Haynes, Messrs. Enoch Taylor and Co., nor the ' Daily Telegraph ' can deny tbat in 1894 we imported from England alone Hi,i'.iii cases of boots and shoes, valued at over a nnartar nf & million ef^rlino- of a fima when our own factories could easily have produced (hem. That is Freetrade, and Freetrade (according to Cobden) is a good thing, no matter who stands idle and starves. To-day the ' Herald ' admits that we do import boots and shoes from Hang Kong and China. If from China, why not from Japan V The Japanese in the arts and manufactures are more serious competitors than the Chinese. This Japanese question is only a email part of the great National Problem of the future — that of Colored r. White Labor. Australia has myriads of colored Asiatic races swarming at her gates. Men of Anglo-Saxon stock cannet sustain un restricted contact with and the competi tion ef: Yellow and Black men. In tho first place their numbers are too small, and in such countries as Australia, India, Xew Guinea, Borneo, Jiva, and through out the whole of Malaysia, the climate favors tbe Yellow men as against tbe White race. Consider their mere numbers. The population of China ia variously estimated between 300,000,000 and 450,000,000 ; that of Japan over 40,000.000 ; India has 250,000,000. As to the islands of the Malay Archipelago, comprising an area equal to half of Europe, these islands are now but sparsely populated with between 30,000,000 and 40,000,000, whereas according to tbe best authorities, 200,000,000 mere could easily be eustaiaed, because the islands cf tbe Celebes, Sumatra, New Guinea apd Borneo are not yet populated up to a tithe of what tbev could support If their population now menaces our social life and national industries, what will be tbe case when it is doubled or trebled aa it will be in the near future ? Java and Madura have a population of 20,000.000 ; but three times that number could be settled there and in the neighbor ing islands without overcrowding them or making the straggle for existence too keen. Throughout the whole pf these islands the native colored new art inenwing with almost startling rapidity. But the white man cannot live -tnd thrive aniouy them. Take Java for instance. It is stated on the best evidence tfrnt 'after holding Java for centuries, the Dutch are still nothing more than a garrison, a civil service, and a collection of foreign traders.' This is the opinion e£ Professor Pearson : — They number about 30,000, while the native population has more than quadrupled during the century, and is now nearly 20,000,000. Settle ment by Dutchmen in Java ia not prohibited, and a good many old employees live in the hills ; but the climate ia better euited for natives, and this is even truer of Borneo and IN ew Guinea, the counU'ies which offer most attractions to immi grants, These, except in favored parts, have the hot damp climate, which is deadly to the native of the temperate zone. That any preat number of Europeans conld be acclimatised in them seems more than doubtful; that even if they came they could cempete with the Chinese labor, which follows the Kng-lish rule everywhere in Malaysia, ib not to be believed. I n brief, the white men can't settle there to work and live : tbe Chinese swnrm everywhere, aud against them tho Anglo Saxon won't and can't cnmpcte cither in commerce or industry. Tbe same thing ' applieB to Natal, in Siutli Africa, where the white men are being rapi lly overwhelmed by tbe Kaffirs ao-l other races of colored men. The late Professor Pearson, in his valuable work on ' National Life and Charaoter,' says ; — I he caee of Natal is more instructive for what may be expected in Africa generally- Natal was seized by the British ia 1842, the Boers, who had occupied it and to whom it was a valuable sea board, being a mere handful of men among the natives, who accepted them for the moment as deliverers from the Zulus. Nevertbelew, the number of blank inhabitants at tbat time, though preat in comparison with the Dutch, was so in considerable as to be only five to the square mile. The new possession offered great advantages of soil and climate ? From time to time assisted immigrants were poured literally in thousands into the country ? Yet in 1K91, nearly 60 years after its first settlemeut. Natal bad only 36.000 Europeans out of 481,000 settlers, tbe remainder being chiefly Z ulus, though partly Hindoos and Chinamen. The lower races have nearly doubled in proportion sinca 18G3, when one-seventh of tho population was Euro pean. The white race can never compete against the yellow ani black races on equal conditions. This much even free traders admitted when they passed tbe 'waft' and the' diaiu, 'past'tne hon'ie occupied' Ubiuebe ucSlu'uuJu -Sul, auu [iui u[*Oji-Ld^ of £100 on Chinamen. Vet such pious and patriotic statesmen as Mr. Hrunker seem to tbink there is ns danger, for he says in effect that if Aus tralians can compete against American Anglo-Saxons, they ought to be able to bold their own against Japanese, Chinese, and all other colored races. The foreign traders will keep out the rnlnrarf l&hrtrAr; hilt nrlmif fha nrnrlnnfa nf colored labor- How illogical and abaurd. I The Chinese, Japanese, and Javanese are swarming in the islands adjacent to our shores. Only a few days ago the ? Herald's* Noumea correspondent reported tbat a large number of Javan6se laborers had been shipped to New Caledonia to work the mineB and plantations there because, Javanese labor was better and cheaper even than Kanaka and convict labor, of which there is an unlimited supply in New Caledonia. It has been stated that ' had Chinese or Japanese descendeo upon New Zealand instead of Mnories those islands would long ago have been covered with a popu lation of several millions, such as no modern European power would have at tempted to displace.' It is against such competition, either of celered men or the products of colored men that Protectionists would protect Aus tralians. Freetraders are only illogical, half hearted Protectionists ; they would shield this country from an influx of colored men, but let in tbe product; of colored labor. Protectionists would prohibit both. Their motto is a noble and national one : — ' Australia for the Australians, at all times, and in all thing's ' To listen to the diatribes of Freetrade pressmen and politicians, one would almost imagine that Protectionists in Australia were preaching some newfangled economic heresy. Whereas Protection iB.asoldas civilisation, and even as Nature itself, it is the firBtlaw of Nature. It is economically, politically, and socially expedient, and nationally just. No nation ever became great and prosperous -without Protection. There is no such thing as Free-trade, never was, and never will be. It iti against human nature and national in stincts. There is only ? bastard system of revenue tariffism, miscalled Free-trade, in New South Wales and Kngland. New South Wales against the whole of Austra lasia, and England and New .South Wales against the civilised world. LesB than 40 millions of so-called Free-traders against ;5(10 millions of Protectionists. Where ie the right or the wrong, the wisdom or the folly? With the majority or the minority ? Protection for a young country seeking to build up struggling industries, has been advocated, endorsed, and applied by tbe statesmen and sageB of all countries in all ages. All great countries became great under Protection. Here are some of its advocates — Oromwell in England, Napo leon and Thiers in France, Adam. Smith and and John Stewart Mill in England, Bismarck in Germany, and Washington, Alexander, Hamilton, Jefferson, Henry Clay and Daniel Webster in . America. History, fact, and experience plead for Protection ; the overwhelming majority of the civilised world have endorsed it in the past. Civilisation supports it to-day and will support it to-morrow, notwith standing all the fine Cobden Club theories of Mr. Reid and those who now ee blindly follow him like a will-o'-the-wisp. 