Achievements of Modern Science. THE 'VICTOEIES OP PEACE.' (From the Melbourne Argus.) . Sir Joseph Lister's address as President of the British Association is a striking illustration of that mastery over nature, that success in wresting new services from natural forces, which is the glory of modern science. Sir Joseph Lister told the story of how, in the course of a single generation, the discovery of anaesthetics had robbed surgery of the terror of suffering. He told, too, in accents of singular modesty, the story of how he himself, following the hint of Pasteur's great discoveries, had established the antiseptic law in surgery. Under the old treatment a man with a broken leg was often as directly poisoned by the ferments of putrefaction as if he had taken a dose of strychnine. Sir Joseph Lister's dis covery robbed surgery of its worst terrors. A great' hospital in pre-Liater days was a mere fermenting nidus of gangrene. In the Munich Hospital, for example, 80 per cent, of all wounds were affected with gangrene. But on a given day all cases in that hospital were dressed with bhe antiseptic preparation, and from that hour nob a single case of hospital gan grene has been known in the inatitation i Py©mia, and erysipelas too, vanished like unclean ghosts before the breath of Sir Joseph Lister's carbolic acid bottle ! The great surgeon then went on. to describe the Rontgen rays, the discovery of which he declares is ' tne mo3t astounding of all results of purely physical inquiry.' After reciting the various services sur gery has already extracted from the Rontgen rays, Sir'Joseph Lister said that already we have the hint of another way in which the Rontgen rays may influence medicine. The human Bkin if long ex posed to their action suffers from a sort of ' aggravated sunburn ;' and thia suggests that the rays may be used to transmit a healthy stimulus bo internal organs. Our own columns, by the way, have already reported the application of the Rontgen rays as a curative force in the case of cancer. Bub let the three new force3 with which human science, during a single generation, has armed itself be put side by side-=»anE93thetic3, the antiseptic treatment of wounds, and the Rontgen rays. Where else in the whole records of human science can be found three such ' victories of peace,' three such magnificent contributions to the safety and happiness of human life ! But another scientist, M. Camille Flam marion, gives in the Coshopoiitan another and even more picturesque illus tration of that mastery of physical nature which the prying and restless intellect of man is achieving so rapidly. ' The field of M. Flammarion'a science is nob microbes but suns. He tells the story of the manner in which the federated astrono mers of the world are carrying out that great scheme for photographing the heavens, which has been in operation since 1887. When Hipparehus undertook ihe first catalogue of stars Pliny desoribed the scheme as a rash one ' even for a god!' The earliest star catalogue con tains only 1022 stars: at the present moment photography ia being called to the help of science, and a star chart ia being - constructed in . which the . images of 30,000,000 stars will be captured and . put on permanent record ! Sixteen observa tories havs this raodesb task divided between them. Each has undertaken to furnish so many plates, photographing two degrees square of the heavens, the thns of exposure ranging from fiva minutes to an hour each, bo that all stars up to the fourteenth clogree, of magnitude .will be ^photographed. It will take 11,0^7 of -:?? these plates to cGver the entire heayens, ? and the work will not be completed for 1 years to come. The first general chart, : : indeed which is to include 2,600,000 stars, ' will not be catalogued before the end of !? . the present century, though the task was : begun five years ago ; and the eyes of ^astronomers yet unborn will grow' dim .before the catalogue of 30,000,000 -; istars is complete. M. Flammarion grows ^; almost- lyrical in his description of the ? application of photography to the heavens. Science is, in fact, inventing a new and V. gigantic Eye, of subtler, swifter, and more enduring vision than anything of which unscientific fancy ever dreamed ; ,; and with this new Eye the depths of infinite space -sill be explored. ' Worlds. \- universes, creations,' npwlost in f-r-off -j: space, will wheel into sight and be trans lated ? into 'catalogues.' la ; the thousandth part of a second this new! Eye not only sees, it fixes as an enduring record 'the sun- its spots, its vortexes, its fires,' aud turns it all, indeed, into a , mere document which can be studied in : cold security and at leisure. 