By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of "Two False Moves," "A Girl in a I Thousand," "The Mystery of Clement Dun raven," &o.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX.—(Continued.) It was with the greatest^ difficulty that Stephen Bolderson allowed him to make this statement, chafing under it as ho was the whole time, irritated by it beyond expression and longing to interrupt at every word. At last he could contain himself no longer. "You lie, and you know full well that you are lying," he almost yelled, so furious was he. "If, as you pretend with all your grand airs you were mistaken in me._ If I gave you volumes to say on the subject of _misplaced friendship, what must be my feelings about you whom I thought perfect in character, just and honorable in all your dealings, when I find you can lie and equivocate when it suits you as glibly as though you belonged to the common herd of shufHers and retaliators. Mr. Wallis rose from his chair. " This interview must end," he said sternly. '' I will brook no farther insult. I repeat that I have never injured you by word or act. _ I stand by the letter I have written to its minutest detail and I request you to leave my room." ... " My God, Wallis, you are bent on driving me mad. Will you persist in standing there 1 and in cold blood assuring me that you did not give that unfortunate cheque to Decocq with the permission to make my life a_ burden to me by his constant threats to give it publicity and that this was the punishment you had decreed while you yourself enacted the part of leniency and consideration ?" "Silence, man, how dare you insult me by such suggestions, which are the mere weavings of your diseased imagination. The cheque is in the drawer of my writing-table in the Rue Madagascar, and Decocq left my service about six months after I last saw you. I have never seen him since to speak to, though I have occasionally passed him in the street." "Yet Decocq has assured me more than once that he is in constant communication with you and that you yourself gave him the cheque." _ • " And you are inclined to believe Decocq s word in preference to mine?' ; "Naturally, since I have been the victim of persecution for years and that this fresh^phase in a prolonged system of torture comesdireetly from you." " Nothing will make you believe that I havo had no voice in the persecution to which—you say—vou have been subjected.'' "Nothing-, except the giving up of the cheque and the setting me free from thi3 new burden you have laid upon me." "Impossible, I will never consent to Alan's marriage with your daughter, but I will gladly give you the cheque for an assurance that this marriage shall never take place." "So you are not above making terms now and yet you would have me believe that through the instrumentality of Decocq you have not made them in the past ?" " A truce to the discussion of Decocq. He has nothing to do with me nor I with him. If, as you tell me, you ha ve had unpleasant business relations with Decocq, that is your affair, not mine, though it scarcely seems to me as if he has been as much of a persecutor as you state, since only a few weeks hack your daughter was seen "walking with him in the Champs Elysees." "That is probable and is only another example of the system of persecution which I have silently endured for years." Mr. Wallis smiled cynically. "I fail to see how this walk in the Champs Elysees can be classed as persecution." The tone and the look that accompanied it served to irritate Stephen Bolderson more and more ; he answered, speaking rapidly— "I was forced into leaving my child for years in the care of a certain Mademoiselle Lafarge, who is a relation of Decocq's—I have since heard that she is his half-sister—always for the same reason. He held that cheque from you and if I did not agree to his terms my dis grace would be punished. Ever since the day I last saw you in thi3 office I have been a puppet at your bidding when you chose to pull the string, and I have come to the con clusion that the severest punishment that can be inflicted on a man is to rob him of his free will." Mr. Wallis did not answer this, but looked steadily and enquiringly at his old friend, wondering meanwhile if the explanation of these strange assertions did not lie in the fact that he was mad. That Stephen Bolderson had really been the victim he made himself out to be he did not for a moment believe. _ It was not easy for a man of Julian Wallis's nature to be able to fathom the amount of persistent wickedness unilluminated by a single ray of goodness that a man of Decocq's proclivities possessed and he did not, therefore, believe in the story, especially as_ all this blackguardism and dishonor was attributed to himself. How to manipulate the new complication that had arisen troubled him not a little, while it made him even more determined, if that were possible, that he would never give his consent to Alan's marriage with a girl who had been brought up in such surroundings. The outcome of these rapid thoughts was that he judged it would be expedient to control his temper, which had more than once been on the point of getting out of bounds and to seek if possible to quiet down this strange visitor until he could in some way arrive at the truth of what had occurred by making enquiries into the present career of his dis missed clerk. The brief space for reflection being over, "Bolderson," he said, "what you have told me to-day has so bewildered and astonished me as to render me almost breathless. Once more I assure you that whatever you may imagine or perhaps have been told. I have) nothing whatever to do with the painful persecution to which you allude—have never even hekrd of it until to-day. What I ask of you is to gi ve me time to investigate the matter. That I will do so thoroughly and honestly you would once have believed of me, but after the allegations you have brought against me it is evident that yon think me a monster of inhumanity and in justice. It is therefore useless to appeal to your feelings as far as I am concerned, but I will have this matter sifted to its foundation." Stephen Bolderson was somewhat shaken by the earnestness of Mr. Wallis's manner, and was compelled, almost in spite of the deeply rooted belief of years, to give some credit to his asserted ignorance of Decocq's doings. "It will be well that you should do so, he said, speaking more quietly, "and I shall await the result with impatience.' "You have not seen Decocq since you have been in Paris ?' . "No. I came direct to you; I only arrived this morning." . "Kindly keep him ignorant for a day or two of your presence here, and come and see me in the Rue Madagascar. To-day is Thursday, say on Sunday evening. , Can you remain as long in Paris t" . , , " I will remain as long as this business requires my presence." "Just so ; then we will meet on Sunday, by which tinle I hope to haVe arrived at some conclusion about Decocq's behavior. Do not, however, bo misled into tbe belief tho/fc what ever he has done or has not done will have any influence on the letter I have written, to you. My decision on that subject is unalterable, Till Shndav then." Stephen Bolderson felt that ne was dis missed, and though he accepted the dismissal with a bow and without uttering a single word, yet the anger that welled so furiously i.nhis heart during the greater part of the interview was by no means calmed, nor could he bring himself to remember that the treatment he had received was justly warranted by his own act. As soon as the door of the bureau had closed behind him Julian Wallis sank down once more into his arm-chair and remained for a long time perfectly motionless. The lines on his face furrowed and the thoughtful expres sion on his brow was intensified to such a degree that no one seeing him now for the first time could have believed that he had the repu tation of being one of the most genial and popular men in Paris and that he Was " bon camarade" on every festive occasion. What he had heard and the painful interview he had gone through affected him very considerably, and he did not feel altogether capable of coping with the circumstances which seeiiied to hem him in on every side. Julian Wallis possessed a far more sensitive nature thaii would have been looked for in a man _ supposed to be hardened by contact with business and constant communication with the ptose of life, for in him it had been powerless to kill his affec tionate tendencies^ his highly-Strung sense of What honor and justice demand. Years ago he had received a severe shook when Stephen Bolderson deceived him, but he had recovered frotn it aiid once more smiled genially and believingly on the world around him. . ... . Of late, however, oWmgto Alan s persistent wooing of this roan's daughter, a shadow had lain athwart Julian Walliss path and the strain he put iipon himself in order to appear the happy man he was not only served to make the change in hint the more obvious, since his acquaintances itot infrequently asked each other— "What is the matter with Wallis? Has lie large sums in jeopardy, or has he a ghost.in his cupboard " Such, then, being his physical and mental audition, the interview With Stephen Bolder ,on was scarcely likely to improve it. After a few moments, however, when giving vay to what seemed an uncontrollable access >f despair, he roused himself With the sovereign leterminatioii which he possessed so strongly md Which rendered Julian Wallis so incom parably superior to most of his fellows. Work lay before him; it must be done. He rad undertaken to sift this odiovri matter. Decocq's career during the years that had, passed since he left his office must be unveiled even if in order to do so it were necessary, to seek the assistance of the police. Having pulled himself together he rang a bell that stood on his writing-desk and on the appearance of a young clerk desired him to tell Mr. Gage, the head clerk, that he wished to speak to him. Gage, who had returned during the recent i interview and had recognised Mr. Bolderson I as he left the chief's bureau, had been awaiting - this summons with some impatience. It had puzzled him to know that Mr. Bolderson, had . i been with the chief and he was curious and , anxious to unravel the mystery. Could it be possible that after all a marriage would be arranged between Mr. Alan and this man's daughter ? He could not believe that Mr. Wallis would ever allow such a connec-. tion to be made. "A girl who had lived for years with Lucille Lafarge, a near relation of such a man as Decocq, to marry a Wallis, it was out of all keeping. Gage had, however, little time for reflec tion and he was aghast when he saw his chief. Indeed, he was so .much taken off his guard by bis appearance that he almost forgot his usual reserve of manner and asked what had happened to change him thus. . But Julian Wallis was pot a man who was familiar with those in his service however much he might trusty them, and even Gage stood in some awe of him. . Thus he waited to be addressed. ~ " Gage, I know I can trust you and that you are true to my interests. You will find out at once all that can be found out about Decocq— my former clerk. I will no't tell you the accu sations that are brought against him, as it is better you should make your own enquiries in an unbiassed spirit and with a free hand. Learn how he lives, where be obtains funds, and if ever he has used my credit for base pur- , poses. Make use of a detective, if necessary. Spare no expense and let have this information as speedily as possible, in the course of: to morrow or on Saturday at the latest." Gage, duly" impressed with the importance of the task assigned to him, accepted it readily. • ■ He already knew one or two things in con nection with this wretched Decocq which, made him think it would not be so very diffi cult to gain farther information, added to which he was one of those men in whom detec tive proclivities were latent. After a little further conversation with his chief, which principally related to how other work on which he was engaged should be transferred to his junior in the office, he left: Mr. Wallis, who once more sank back in his chair thoroughly prostrated by this last effort. His face became white, white as death itself. He pressed his hand on his heart, as the cry of . anguish he could not wholly repress rose to his blanched lips. "Oh, Alan, my boy, why did I send you away?" Then he took a small phial from a drawer and putting it in his mouth swallowed the contents. The agony in which he was writh ing slowly gave way before the remedy, and in about five minutes, when the door opened again to admit a business visitor, Julian Wallis was more or less himself, and the secret which he1 had carefully guarded for many months past was once more concealed. (To he continued,.) . 