"AN AUSTRALIAN ACTOR." To the Editor of the "Evening News." Sir,—"Lancelot B.'s" last paper is particularly interesting, inasmuch as old times, old places, and old acquaintances are vividly reproduced "Lancelot B.'s" papers are always interesting, and I have followed them closely, but having in- troduced the name of my old friend, Alec Thom- son, I may be pardoned for chipping in. I don't however, from Adam, but I do know Alec, and also knew old Ned Holloway and his buxom wife. I fancy it was in Gulgong where Alec and Mr. Hol- loway first came together—at any rate Alec was on the field long before Holloway came there, and I fancy he was playing during the time Joey Cougenheim had Cogdon's Theatre, and then with W. H. Holloway and W. G. Carey before Ned Holloway joined Harry Power in the lesseeship. True, Alec was a fine old stock actor, his Scotch characters being excellent, though I have seen him in most Shakspere's characters. Tragedy and comedy were all the same to him, and I think I have also seen him in pantomime, when the versatile Carey took the part of clown, and a very good one he made. The last time I saw Alec Thomson play was in Windsor some eight or nine years ago. He then was a member of a small travelling company. But I met him in Sydney about two years ago looking all the worse for wear, but his clear, blue eyes were as bright as ever. He was then working at his trade, book- binding, though, I am afraid, not doing much. He was highly pleased when I told him that I had discovered another old chum, Cam Baker, who though not a professional was an exceedingly good actor, and was well-known at Forbes, Lamb- ing Flat, Grenfell, and Gulgong. At the latter place he trained a party of young men to play Bulwer's "Lady of Lyons," burlesqued, and it was without exception, the best amateur preform- ance I ever witnessed. Mr. Baker is still in the land of the living, and so, I trust, is Alec Thom- son, who among his many other accomplishments, was a splendid whist player, and many a good game, did he play in our old humpy in Gulgong with G. A. T., Ralph R., and others. This was before Ned HoHoway's advent in Gulgong, and before Morton Tavares played Iago to Alec's Othello in Ward's Theatre, where, by the bye, some time later Alice May Farley, Vernoc, and others sang in operar—"Il Travatore" and part of the "Grand Duchess" to an audience of seven, of which I was one. It is pleasing to read of old actors one knew years ago, and 'Lancelot B.,' has told us of many—conjured them up like ghosts of the past; but there are many of whom he has said nothing. Perhaps he has them in store for future papers.—Your, &c.;, G. T. J. 