A MAX'S MOTHER-IN-LAW. It is a mystery vrhich no oue has vot fiolved, why so many sad jokes are cou 6tnat!y being perpetrated about a man's uiotber-in-law. What dreadful crimes has the unfor :unate woman committed in providing tL-_- man with his wife that he should bear such an undying gruig-e agaaabi. nerr Now if it was a woman's motherin law who was made the butt of Ihese jokes there miffht De a grain of senBe in them; for it is the man's mother who has it sa her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman ia usually proud and fond of her sonin law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go to house-keeping who is it that comes in and with her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places? A man's mother-in-law. It is the woman's mother-in-law who is most apt to criticise, and who ex asperates the young wife by quoting all too frequently, ' My son is used to have things thus and so.' ' My son must have this or that for his meals.' 'Ky son, with his small income, should - have married s, prudent, economical woman,' etc. When the first babv makes its an. pearance, as well as tbe successive ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the husband of his weary vigils, and takes the load of care and worry off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the house hold running smoothly ? The man's mother-in-law. When he and his wife plan to take a Uttle trip together, who is it comes in and takes charge of the house and children, eo that they can peacefully enjoy their holiday, with ihe restful thought, ' Mother is there and it will be all right ?' The man's mcther-m-law. When there is sickness or trouble in the huujse, who is the faithful nurse, the wise counsellor, the sympathising1 friend? The man's mother-in-law. And if, in the course of events, th» wife dies, who is it that usually comes in and takes care of the children, and keeps up the home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife ? A man's mother-in -law. And how does he reward her for all this devotion ? By making heartless jokes at her ex pense and publishing them for ether men to snicker over ! Ingratitude, thy name is Man. 