THE STORT-TELLER. TNE FATAL RING. Bf lAJOt HAfior, in the Bradford Observer. Leaning against a doorway, in the approved conventional attitude of a non- dancer, J. stood surveying a ballroom one winter's evening some years ago. The gay scene now before tne was in striking contrast to those among which my life, for the last >ear or so, had been passed, for 1 had but recently returned from an "exploration expedition into the recesses of Airioa, an expedition to which I had boen attaohed in a medical capacity. It was a great change to return to the com forts and luxuries of civilization after my exile, and, as I gazed on the brilliant scene before me, I thought what a different world it Was from the tropical jungles in which m.v time had been passed of late. For long months I, like the rest of my party, had travelled with thy life in my hand, on guard against attack from savage beast or yet more savage man. Here all spoke of ease and security, liven the smiling countenances around me were cast in a totally different mould from—here I sud denly started, for at my side, standing back in the shadow of the passage, 1 caught sigh t of a man with an expression on bis face which, bad I beheld it on the countenance of one of our negro carriers, would have caused me to lay instant hand on my revolver. Men who live among perils become singu larly watchful of such danger signals; and bere, in civilized England, upon the coun tenance of a gentleman in faultless evening costume, I recognised an expression which 1 bad beheld often before in my experiences among ""the savage tribes—a look of that deadly concentrated hate which is meditating some swift act of vengeance. Such an ex pression had swept over the matures of one of our native porters before he had brutally murdered one of the Europeans in revenge for come fancied injury. But people do not shoot poisoned arrows in civilized drawing rooms; and as I glanced again on my neigh bour he had resumed that placid, semi-bored expression which is characteristic of the guest who does not dance at a ball. Only for a moment bad the man suffered the conven tional mask to slip aside, and the natural savage instinct to show itself. I now sur veyed my neighbour with some interest. He' was a strikingly handsome man of some thirty years old, dark-haired, dark-eved, and with something foreign in his whole appearance. I learned afterwards that his mother had been an Italian. He himself singularly resembled one of those " portraits of a gentleman" by an old Spanish or Italian master, whose dark, handsome, but somewhat sinister faces look down upon us in many a picture gallery; faces io be admired and feared rather than trusted. One could imagine a jealous Vonotian noble lurking behind a pillar to waylay some hated rival, with just such an expression as I noted flitting over my neighbour's face; and, as I followed the direction in which the man had Bcowled, I perceived it was the old story, *• Cherchez la femme." Moving gracefully together amid the mazes of the dance were a lovely girl and a line-looking young man. It needed little penetration to guess the relationship in which they stood to each other, their loving, happy glances reveal ing their secret plainly. A bethrothed pair, and the rejected suitor at ray side—the facts were obvious enough. " You've not been introduced to Clara yet, have vou ?" said a voice beside me, and 1 turned to behold my host. James Villiers and I had been fellow- collegians at Oxford, hut had seldom met since we left Christohurcb. He had settled down on his estate after his father's death, and resided altogether there, with his pretty young sister, who was many years his junior, while I had been working busily at my profession abroad and at home. Accident had now brought me into Villier's neighbourhood. I was visiting friends near Wrethan Hall, James' abode, and my old College ahum had hastened to "look me up," and insist upon both I and the family, with whom I was staying, attending the hall, which he was giving in honour of his sister's twenty first birthday. I had somewhat got "out of touch" with civilized festivities b"t Villiers would take no denial, and I attended the ball as requested. "I suppose that beautiful girl in white is your sister? She seems to be the Queen of the evening," I said, glancing at the young lady whom I had before observed; and then, as I looked again on the fair young face, lighted up with happiness, I added involuntarily, " How lovely she is!'" Honest James's face flushed with kindly pride. He adored his young sister. " Well, I've seen worse-looking girls,"he re marked, Complacently, "but the best of it is that she's better than she's pretty. However, I'm to lose her before long." " Lose her!" " Mjartindale carries her off in a month or two," said the Squire, nodding his head in the direction of the dancers; "and I mustn't com plain, I snppose, for he's a good fellow, and worthy even of Clara; but the Hall will be a different place without my little girl." "Yon will have to get married yourself." James laughed. i *• Time enough to think about that. It won't be easy to find a woman to fit Clara's shoes, I can tell you. However, I never ex pected to keep her very long with me, end, indeed, she might have gone away iong ago." " t can imagine Hiss Viiliers has bad many admirers." "Admirers, yea, and lovers, too. Why," James lowered his voice, and glanoed round; thai, finding that the attractions of a cotillon had diverted both danoers and onlookers to the other end of the room, and that we were now alone in the doorway, he added, " Clara had an excellent offer a year ago from a neigh bour, and a rich man, too—a far better match in a worldly point of view than she's making now—but she wouldn't hear of it, so there's no more to be said." " I fancy 1 have seen the disappointed suitor here this evening." _" Likely enough, he is at the ball. It was a bit rough on him, poor fellow, for we'd all known each other from children, and it seems he'd always, in his own mind, settled that Clara was to be his wife. Only, you see, he settled it without taking her feelings into account, and, when it came to the point, though she liked him as a friend and a brother —you know what the girls say—she'd no mind to take him in any other capacity. I fancy," and James laughed, that Clara and Martin dale"—the fellow she's going to marry now— oame to some sort of understanding during her first season in town, but he wouldn't speak definitely until ho got his promotion." " Is he the Major Martindale—the V.C. man?" I asked, remembering the gallant act which had lately won this officer his distino tion. Viiliers nodded. . " The same roan; and t leave you to guess if Miss Clara is proud of her lover. He is to leave the service after they are married, how ever. I think he's done enough in the fight ing line, and they are going to settle down upon a little property whicn Martindale in herited a year ago from an aunt," " And you like the marriage?" ■ " Down to the ground," said Viiliers empha tically. "The child couldn't have chosen a better man. Though I'm sorry for poor old Delmont all the same, for I think Clara's re fusal came as an awful blow to him. He had known her all her life, you see. and hadhad quite built upon marrying her. Ho shut up his place and went abroad for nearly a year after be heard Clara's decision, and he oi«ly came back a dav or two ago. I really felt a bit awkward about asking him.to-night, but it was more awkward to leave him out; and I'm glad to find," added kindly but unobservant James. " that Delmont really seems to have entirely got over his own disappointment and taken the news of Clara's engagement quite in , a sensible wav." I reaiembored the looks winch I had beheld the discarded suitor casting at. the betrothed couple, and doubted if Mr. Delmont bad so completely got over his refusal; but I made no remark^ We were not in savage Africa now, and with whatever malignant sentiments the rejected lover might regard his favoured rival, he was not likely in civilized, nineteenth, century England, to resort to the opei) violence practised in earlier davs in Europe and at the present time in the Dark Continent. j Somewhat weary of my position as onlooker, T retired to a small alcove off the ballroom, ' where T could seat mvself in peace, A large group of palms concealed me from view, and present! v a con pic entered the alcove. I re cognised mv former neighbour and the beautiful girl whom I had b"en admiring. "This is the first opportunity T have had of congratulating you. Clara. I suppose, in virtue of our long friendship, T mav call you Claps, still—or will Major Martindale object?" i said the man. as he placed his fair companion i in a scat and opened her fan. The gi-l blushed vividlv. hut answered with some spirit:—"Major Martindale will never • expect me to forget old friends, Philip." " Ay, friends," remarked the other, rather bitterly. "1 had another life dream onoe, Clara." Miss Villiers rose to her feet, j " T am very sorry for you, Philip," she said, gently; "Rorrv that you should have set your heart on what you know is unattainable. I could never have given you the love yon ask for; even if I had not met Henry Martindale T could never have been your wife. You win eurdy find a bettor, worthier woman than I to | make you happy yet." _ I "Clara, one word," Raid the man. catching her wrist as she turned to go; "do you love this man whom you arc about to marry—do you love him as your own life?" ■ " As T love my own life—and hetter," mur mured the girl, speaking more to herself than to her questioner. Delmont dropped her hand, and an expres sion so absolutely satanie convulsed his fea tures that I was nn the point of coming forward, but the girl's eyes were on the ground, her hapoy thoughts away with her lover, and in another instant Delmont was I calm again. "T have only one thing more to do, then, Clara- to wish you both every happiness and prosperity ; that, is the orthodox phrase, is it not? and to request my old playmate to accept a little remembrance from her former friend. J procured this trifle when I heard of your 1 engagement." He handed the girl a tiny jeweller's box. 1 Clara opened it and took out an antique gold ring—a device of a tiger's claws, holding a single diamond, which, as far as I could judge, was a stone of great purity and lustre. The girl exolaimed at the beauty of the jewel. " It is nothing—oniy a remembranoe. The ring itself is an antique. I picked it up at a ourioaity shop in Venice, and had the stone fitted to it. Probably," and a strange smile flitted over Dolmout's features, *' it has been given before, as I give it now." " It is toooostly, too beautiful; but I shall value it as the gift of an old friend," said Clara, as she slipped the ring upon her finger—" Ah I" and the girl gave a sudden ory. "It was only my awkwardness," she said, ' smiling; " I scratched my finger a little with the pointed claws—itis nothing," but I noticed that a tiny drop of blood had followed the scratch, and the girl pressed her handkerchief to the little wound. " It is nothing to signify, Philip. Why, you have turned as white as a ghost," said the girl, laughing; and, indeed, Delraont's face had beootne perfectly ghastly; but the next moment Villiers entered the aioove with several of the other guests, and Clara hastened to exhibit her ring to her brother. I Expressions of admiration were loud and general, and then one of Clara's partners claimed her for the next dance, and amid the merry talk and bustle, Delmont slipped un noticed away, j The gay Strains of music recommenced, the dancers whirled round the ballroom, and I began to reflect that I was very sleepy, and should be glad to take the first deoentoppor j tunity for returning home. I Suddenly came the sound of a fall, a loud ory, cessation of the music, hurrying feet, confused and alarmed voices. Then Villiers dashed wildly into the alcove. «s j "Salby, you are a doctor—for heaven's sake come and see what you can do for my poor little girl." I needed bo seoond call. In another | instant we were in a small apartment off the : ballroom, where anxious hands had carried the fair queen of the festivities. It was a ghastly spectacle. The beautiful girl, in her ball dress, whom I had seen but a few minutes before in the enjoyment of full health and spirits, was now lying distorted —dying—&y;, as I knelt by her and took her hand, I perceived that the gentle heart oeased to beat. — " All is over," I said, scarocly knowing what I uttered. " What do you mean?" almost shouted poor Villiers. "_Why, a minute ago she was dancing—it is only a faint—why don't you do something," he added, savagely, " instead of standing staring there?" Alas, all earthly am was useless; but as I conveyed the sad intelligence to my poor friend, he bscamo so wild and incoherent in his misery and surprise that his friends with drew him forcibly from the room, leaving me to essay various means of restoration, though my professional experience told mo too truly that al'twas in vain. I really felt fairly dazed. Sudden death, es pecially when it befalls the young, is always terrible, but in this case it was peculiarly Startling. Only once in my life had T seen a similarly swift transition from the full glow of health to sudden death ; and that was during my African travels. Once, on a march, one of our party had been shot at with an arrow by one of the savage warriors who dogged our path through the forest. The wound, or rather scratch, was so slight that its victim scarcely noted-that he had been struck; hut, a very lif.f.in !a.t.ar f.ha cvrumr1;tfi man fin.rJ f«!*nn frt fl.o little later, the wounded man had fallen to the ground with a wild cry, and, after a few con vulsive struggles, became a corpse. Wo learned afterwards that these African savages know a secret whereby they can tip their weapons with a poison so deadly that even the slightest scratch of an instrument thus treated will cause nearly immediate death. Had Clara Villiers' death occurred in Africa I should unhesitatinglv have said that she was thus poisoned. Was thus poisoned I A terrible thought came into my rnind as T looked at the once beautiful but now dis figured countenance, and then at the diamond ring still gleaming upon the limp, nerveless hand. Very cautiously did I remove the jewel with my gloved hands, noting as I did so that, the sharp edge of one of the tiger's claws had made a very perceptible, if small, wound upon the taper finger. T wesglad that, a t. this moment, the regular medical attendant of the family was announced, and that I could leave the dead girl in h<s hands, for I wished to be alone to make certain in vestimtiona. At my request I was shown into the, library, and here, after locking the door. T proceeded to examine most carefully the ring. As I had expected, the setting was hollow. The four email points of the tiger's claws were so turned inwards that it was impossible for any one putting on the ring to 'avoid making a alight scratch upon the finger, and then—-oh, fiendish ingenuity ! the claws, as I ascertained by the insertion of a pin, each con tained a minute scrap of «r>onge soaked in some liquid, doubtless a poison of equal virulence to that used by the African savages. The whole diabolical scheme was plain enough now. The ring itself, of sixteenth century workmanship, was a sur vival of the age of the Hor rias and jVfodicie— a relie of the time when rivals were removed by means of a box of snuff, or a pair of dainty gloves, as readily as by a poisoned draught. I understood now Dalmont's detestable a.3Iu sion to the use to which, oonturies ago, that | very ring might have been put by some earlier j criminal. The poor, sweet, innooent girl to be : thus brutally murdered. j " But the fellow shall swing for it, if there's i law in England," I said fiercely to myself, with a flash of regret that I could not per* aonally settle the matter, and mete out that swift retribution which would have been dealt to the ruffian in a less civilized clinte. "Selby, I want to speak to you," and I un locked the door to admit poor Villiers; a I changed being from the ruddy, gdbd-humoured aquiroof a few hours before. He looked but a wreck of hia former self; the agony of the past hour or so had aged him more than the passage of many years. " Dr. Carton has taken up an extraordinary idea about the cause of my )>oor darling's death," said Villiers speaking in a kind of hoarse whisper; "he cannot be sure of the facts until he has examined further, but he soems to think that she was poisoned." "tllie was murdered," I said shortly; and told him of the discovery I bad made regard ing the contents of the ring. "These bite of sponge must be analysed of oourse. but I have no doubt that thev con tained a deadly poison, which took effect in the slight cut made, and intended to be made, by the claws of the setting. As the victim moved her hand the virus was pressed into the wound, and death soon resulted. I have seen poison take a similar effect before," Villiers listened ns ono who doos not fully comprehend what is said to him, and mechani cally shuffled some papers on the table. As he did so a note addressed to himself fell to the ground; ho picked it up and opened it, and then handed it silently to me. "It is in Demerit's writing," he remarked. The letter was unsigned, and ran thus:— "I shall place this note whero it is sure to meet your eye in an hour'or two, by which time you will have learned that I am not a man to submit tamely to be robbed of the only woman whom I ever loved, and that I have taken measures to ensure that if Clara is never to be mine, at least no other man shall call her wife. I will save yon the trouble of enquiries and speculations bv frankly stating that in the setting of that antique ring—which some wise Italian of three oenturies ago framed (and pos sibly used) for a purpose liko mine—I have placed a poison which I have obtained, no matter where or how. hut, which will effectually haulk Major Martinri≤'s matrimonial pro jects. Yon may ask why I thus sacrifice the woman I love instead of the man whom I hate; the replv is very simple. I leave him a legacy of grief and despair; I no but cut short nor j existence before she has known aught of life hut its pleasantness. If. as vou and she believe, a heaven exists beyond the errave, a creature so pure and sweet will be sure of a welcome there—if, as I hold, we return to nothingness, I have hut saved Clara some years of possible care and trouble in this worka dayworld. Bv the time this reaches your bands I rnvs^lf shall have solved the great enigma; and T depart the more cheerfullv remembering I what a legacy of hitter memories T must leave : to my rival. But. for him Clara might still he alive; this reoollection will l>e a pleasant one j for him to dwell upon in the years to come." ! Another knock at the door. T ronlied to it, i for Villiers remained an if half-stupefied. The ! old familv he tier held a whispered eolloonv ' with mo in the passage, and then I returned to ; my noor friend. „ "The villain has escaped human justice," I ; said solemnlv. "His dead body has been i found in a pond by the roadside." I Tt appeared that TVdmont immediately after presenting Clla^a with the fatal ring had quitted the Hall, telling the servant* that, as < it wan a fine, night, he should walk a 'ittle war \ towards his home, and that his groom could 1 drive after him along , the road and pick him , no. The man aeeordinsrlv started shoTtlv after ' his master and drove slowly along, lookine-out ; for him. Passing hv a deep pond which j skirted one side of the road, and which was | onlv divided from it. by a broken railing, the ! man observed a dark object floating thereon, and. on descending to examine it, was horri fied to find it was his master's eornne. Being nearer to the Hall than to his own home, the, groom had driven hack with hi* ghastly burden, hut life had been extinct for some hours, "I am sorry he has escaped me." said Vil liers. with a ntra-igo new expression on his j hitherto kindly face. " but tbi3 letter shall be | shown " _ j T laid mv hand upon hi° shoulder. " Wait J a minute, ViMisrs; you niav vet disappoint j the villain's soheTuo of revenge and snare poor | IWa-tinda'e's feelings. Whv should anv hut \ ourselves know the full horror '•* this st.orvS" "T don't, understand."said Vi'liers. hlanklv. j " Ttestrov his letter." J wet on, "and the whnV. sad tragedv will pass for the result of an j accident.. The ring wasevidpntlv a poisoned I one; it will he concluded — for conntrv I Coroners' Juries are easily satisfied—that it j was the lingering veqom of the past, nct a I poison of recent, introduction, which killed your sweet sister." " Whv — should T gnarc that ruffian's memory?" cried Villiers. fierrielv. "No; hut there is everv reason whv vou should snare poor Major Mayindcle's feelings. B» keeping fe'epe,, ymi defeat the rvst malignant intention* of the wr i„b who hat ffor.e to his account." Vijliers hesitated a moment, then remarked —" Ycfli are right," and flung the iettor into the hottest part of the Are, _ Meantime I care fully cleaned out the tiny bits of sponge from the ring, and dried the setting; for even a country Coroner's Jury might question the possibility of fragments of sponge remaining moist jn a ring for three centuries. Villiers and I kept our own counsel, and matters eventuated exactly as I had antici pated. Verdicts of "accidental death" were readily returned in both cases; for what was more likely (though lamentable) than that Mr* Delmont should have accidentally fallen into the bond in the dark. The looal paper rose to the occasion, and while decorously lamenting over the "promising young life thus suddenly cut short,' made the sapient reflection that "his untimely fate at least spared Mr. Del mont the remorse which he would doubtless have felt on learning "the fatal accident which had resulted from his well- intentioned gift." For the cause of poor Clara's death was decided to have been the fatal ring. I oould most conscientiously depose that I believed that the poison " which had lurked in it" had been the cause of death, and as poison in some shape had undoubtedly killed the poor girl, and there was no other manner in whion it could be traced that poison had been ad ministered, this explanation was readily accepted. Happily for our secret, Dr, Carton, a worthy but rather self-opinionated man, had formed the -idea that it was | quite possible for poison, even in the most in finitesimal quantity, to retain its virus for centuries; and that some constitutions wore peculiarly sensitive to the influence of noxious drugs. My medical confrere was a person of influence in the neighbourhood, and his opinion was held in high esteem. Therefore, although one cavilling Juryman ventured to hint that it was marvellous that the ring had retained its fatal qualities fur so very long a period, and also strange that the workman who had set the diamond had escaped without injury, this captious enquirer was promptly snubbed by the Coroner anil discredited by his brother jurors; while Dr. Carton con descendingly explained that it was only tha wearer not the handler of the ring who was likely to receive scratches which would serve to introduce the poison into the system; also that some organizations were more susceptible than others, and therefore more liable to suffer from sueh an accident. A robust workman might not be a Hoc tod as readily as a delicate girl. In view of poor Villiers' grief, every on® was anxious to hush up the " 6nd tragedy" as speedily as possible; and the recalcitrant ; Juror was too glad to " purge his contempt" | hy ready acquiescence in the verdict of his j brethren. I After all, what benefit could have resulted had the rightful sentence of " Wilful Murder" been recorded against one who had passed beyond the reach of earthly tribunals? The occurrence furnished the local papers with "copy" for a long time. Correspondents wrote giving accounts of other "extraordi nary cases of accidental poisoning," and many were the comments made upon the singular manner in which such noxious drug® could retain their virus even for centuries. Villiers and I kept cur secret,"and Major Martindale was at least spared the bitter pain of knowing that he had been the indirect cause of the tragic death of the woman whom Vie adored. Martindale volunteered for foreign service in one of our "little wars" immediately after wards; but though I know he mourned his sweet, lost love very sincerely, time brought its usual consolations. Only a few months ago I came across Colonel Martindale at a German pleasure resort with a pretty young bride iipon bis arm. I felt glad that the malice of the dead villain had not succeeded in alto gether blighting a worthy man's life; and I am sure that the dear dead girl was far too un selfish to have wished ber lietrothed to have perpetually "worn the willow" for her sake. Poor Yiliier-5, however, did not long survive his sister; he sank into a kind of lethargio condition after her death, ceased to take in terest in any of his old pursuits, and it was with no surprise that I heard of his death within a year of the "Strange and Fatal Oc currence at a Gall," as tho newspapers had descrilied it. "In my desk today lies the fatal ring." Poor Villiers bequeathed it to me. Now the sponges are removed and the ring dried it is possible that it might be worn with impunity; but I have no mind to try the experiment. It is a grisly object in my eyes; I know it proved the instrument of murder in the present century ; who can say how many other inno cent victims it has previously destroyed? 