SPORTING NE"W3. FOOTBALL. BOVEES v. WE3T PEETH. There waa a fair attendance at the W.A. Cricket Assooiation Ground on Saturday, when the two Paith clubs met for the first time. Tho Weat Perth were «lightly the favourites, but the fact that the clubs were meeting for the first time left a great uncer- tainty aa to the result. The ground was in better oondition than on Thursday, but was still very heavy, owing to the sand placed upon it to counteract ita stickiness canted by the wet weathar. The teams were plae»d as follows:-Eovers: Backs, O'Biien, Whelan, Barker; half-backs, Aspinall, Geddea, and Baxter; centres, Finlay, Henri, and Lidde- low ; half- forwards, Hussey, Bigg, and Sumpter ; forwards, Gra.imo, Edmondson, and Wat«on ; followers, Cox, Prioe, Wells, and Markham ; rover, Lomon. Cox, Finlay, and Matkbam, who did not play against the Impériale, wero new inclusions. Woat Perth i Bacila, Lee, Griffin, and Horton ; half-baoks, Bennett, Coward, and Walton ; oentros, E. Bishop, Atkins, and Grecian ; half .forwards, Benbow, De Coit, and Lockwood ; forwards, Austin, Davis, and J. Bishop. Horton, Bennett, Benbow, and J. Bishop took the places of Constable, Girdlestone, Middleton, and Coomba, who played last Thursday. Geddes won the toss, and obtained the advantage of a, Blight bre:ze towards the river goal, a free kick to E. Bishop was the opening iuoidont, and another following to Eovers gave them au advantage. A free kiok to MoKenzio and mark to Cummings re- lieved the »tresB en tbe West Perth gcal. Wella marked splendidly, and the ball was returned. A free kick to Coward again re- lieved the West Perths' territory, but marks to Liddelow and Prios brought it back again. De Coit, Grecian, and Atkins by good play brought tho bail to the Eovers' end, but a free kiok to Whelan stopped them for a while. Several little marks were exchanged by West Perth, and flonri obtained a tree kiok. McKenzie to Murphy advanced West Perth's position. Wells marked, but made a poor kick, Benbow marking off him. O'Brien passed to Whelan and relieved the goal, and a mark, Cox to Finlay, and a free kiok, enabled Eovers to be the attackorB. Marks followed to Hussey, to Sumpter, to Wells, the latter shooting for goal, but kicking wide. The Rovers continued te press tbeir adver- saries. Üumpter marked to Finl?.y,and Hussoy marking fnrther in, took aim at the goal, which he missed badly. FirstbebindforBover*. Graeme was then awarded a free kick and passed to Edmondson, who soored another behind. McKonzie attempted a run but was free kioked, Sumpter obtaining the shot, whioh went wide of the goal. Eovers oon tinuod to worry their opponents for acme time, but Grecian and Atkins, through good marka, changed the venue. A free kiok to Liddelow, however, stopped West Perth's advance. The ball going down again, Graeme obtained a free kick, but only sent the leather out of bounds by a fine long kiok. Horton relieved witb a good run, but Lemon and Aspinall sent it baok. A free kiok to Walton and a good run by Greoian brought th? ball to tho other end, and Lockwood, marking ia front, kioked a nica goal. Bovers renewed their aotivity, and Sumpter made a try at goal from a long distance. He obtained a minor. At quarter-time the eoores were-West Perth, one goal ; Bovers, three behinds. On ohanging the Eovers again pursued their foroing taotioi. After some skirmishing, Hussey passed to Price, and Watson transferred to Sumpter at shorter range. Th« latter punted first goal for Bovers. Marks, Lookwood to Adam« and Lookwood again, plaoed the Eovers goal in danger. The kick, however, was obstructed. A free kiok to Wells relieved, but Grecian marked splendidly and retarned the leather. Eovers by dashing play, in which Henri and Lemon distinguished themselves, plaoed West Perth's goal in jeopardy. Edmondson, with a flying shot, hit the post. Shortly after- wards Sumpter passed to Eigg, who fecurefl another minor. Cummings and MoKenzio relieved, but a " free " to Prioe stopped their advanoo. Walton relieved West's goal with a fino mark, and shortly afterward« Coward marked well and checked another Bovers onslaught. A free kick to De Coit sent the ball well down to the other end, and it WBB fsread behind. Sumpter made & oapital run, and West's gcal was again in danger. Hussey marked in good position, but failed to Booro, and the ball went to the other end with a snooesBion of good kicks. Baxter and Lomon brought the ball baok, but E. Bishop relieved with a good mark. Weet Perth, playing marks well, advanced to the other end, where De Coit eeoured at eixiy yards. The ball 'fell short, and waa forced out of boanda. A free to Baxter, marked to Finlay, rent tbe ball forward. Watson passed to Wells," and Griffin marked tho kiok splen- didly. In a skirmish Coward brought Edmondson down, the result being a free kick to that player, who easily punted a goal. By olever passing Weat Perth brought the ball to the Bovers and. Benbow ob- tained a free, but hia kick waa obstructed. Da Coit seemed to mark fairly, but tbs umpire gave a free kick to Geddes. At half time the scores wore :-Bovers, 2 goals 5 bebinds; West Perth, 1 goal. On resuming, after the interval some fast play ensued all over the ground, both teams playing wall. Eovers eventually got the ball dows, and Lemon, from an easy chance, eoorcd a behind. Eovera continued to attack for some time, but Jack Coward at last re- lieved, and Adams waa given a free kick. He passed to Davis, who scored a behind. Shortly afttrwards Whelan got a good mark, and Sumpter and Hussey oarriod the ball down. The WcBt ran the ball back, but Markham relieved splendidly, and Finlay distinguished himself by good play. Coword retarned with a dipping run, and West Perth rallied. Davis marked and kicked a very good goal. On the bounce Sumpter, Wells, and Hussey marked, the latter shoot- ing for a goal and getting a behind. A free kiok to Price, who passed to Sumpter, the latter kicking third gjal for Bovers. Sampler then exeouted a good run and marked to Watson, who kioked well forward. Eigg obtained a free kiok and easily punted a goal. Eigg soon after had another shot and eeoured a behind. The soore was thenA Eovers, 4 goals 5 behinds ; West Perth, 2 goals 1 behind. Changing for the laat time Eigg worked well, and, getting a good mark, made a goal with an equally fine kick. West Perth then exerted themselves, and Davis had a long shot, which was marked by Whelan. Austin shortly afterwards made a good try, but the ball fell short. Davis next marked from De Coit, and seored a bohind. Bishop followed with another shot, whioh also resulted in a behind. West Perth still continued to forde matters, and their enotts Were rewarded by a goal kiekad by Davis. Eovers were the quiekest on the bounoe, and smart play by Baxter enabled Watson to get a mark. His shot was marked by Griffin, but directly afterwards a ohanoe shot by Watson realised another goal. Tbe Weeta than fnroed play, and the ball waa rushed behind. Shortly afterwards J. Biabop marked in front, add kicked a goal. The Wests were on the ball again, and Lockwood bad a long shot, whioh resulted in a behind, followed by a shot frota Bishop, with a similar result. The final result was as follows : Bovers, 6 goals 8 behinds. West Perth, 4 goal« 7 behinds. Goal-kiokera : Bovers-Sumpter (2), Bigg (2), Edmondson, and Watson. West Perth -Davis (2), Lookwood, and J. Bishop. Exeept for the last quarter of an hour's play the Bovers had muoh the best of the game. As a team thay played better to- gether than their opponents, and seemed lo have more dash. Their band ball play was also very good. On the West Perth side there wa« a good deal of individual brillianoy, and now and then they played the short marks to perfection, but they laok vim, their exertionB on Thursday having mads them sore. For the winners Sumpter, Cox, Wells, Lemon, and Aspinall were very muoh in evi- dence. Baxter, Whelan, and Geddes on the defenoe line, Henri and Finlay CB centre men, and Hussey and Edmondson as forwards also showed capital play. For West Perth MoKenzie, Hobbs, Cummings, Coward, Wal- ton, Greoian, Griffin, De Coit, Lookwood, and Atkins were most conspicuous, but neither Atkins, De Celt, Greoian, nor Coward were at thoir best, the last-named having to retire just before the last quarter through an in- jured leg. Walton and Griffin were about the best of the plaoed men, while E. Biahep, J. Davis, and Austin atquittsd themselves areditably. Mr. J. Orr was fast and quick to notios infringements. Possibly he was j too stringent, but in these daye of lax umpires it waua fault on the right side. HU umpiring, as a whole, was the beat yet teen on the ground. FEEMANTLE V. IMPEBIALS. THE PEEMIERS BEATEN. The battle between the two looal olubs on Fremantle Oval on Saturday was prodnotive of one of ihe keenest struggles ever wit- nessed at tho Port. Public interest during the week had oentrod in tho match between the Fremaatlos and Imperials, as it was felt it would be the turning point aa to whether interest would be sustained in f nturi eames, or whether one club waa to hava a monopoly of victories for the remainder of the season. The result of the game exemplifies the trath of the old sporting adage, " A game's never won till its lost." On paper the Imps, had not the " ghost" of a chance, and in the minda of Fremantle's supporters before the match commenced there was not the shadow of a doubt as to the result. The Imps, ware anything bnl sanguine of their ohanoes, but it was with the determination to do their beat that they took the fi*ld on Saturday, and right well did they oarry out their intention. The full strength of the Bed and Whites was engaged in the combat, albeit the seam was slightly handicapped in having to take part in a mateh so soon after their tásale with the Weet Pertb. From the bounce it wai apparent that the struggle was to be a hard and bitter one. The Impériale bad the benefit of the light north-westerly breeza in the first quarter, and they were the first to get to work. The doughty warrior, Ben Page, however, was a stumbling-block in their path, and by MB .fferts the initial attack was repulsed. A free kiok to Watton in the centre enabled the Fremantlo to assume the aggressive, and McDonald had a couple of shots, which, however, were resultlesa. A very warm set-to now- began abont the centre, the struggle for supremacy being very keen. The Imps. were the first to prove their superiority. Manton, who played his first game in Western Australia on Saturday, marking from the ruck, booted the leather well up into the premiers' territory. Here Covacevitch obtained a "free," and put up a behind. "Jock" Hall, who was working like a Trojan to get possession of the ball, was the first to register a major point. Play became very fast after this, but the red and whites were unable to notch a single point before the ohange of ends. The second quarter, however, had not advanoed far before Thnrgood, by a boautiful mark, obtained possession fifty yards from the goal and equalised the saore with a fine goal. Quick as lightning tho Imps, responded to a rally and rushing the ball down the field from the bounce, a behind was Boon seoured. Charlie Fry marked from the kiek-off and went one bntter by booting second goal for the Imps. The same player waa awarded a free kiok for a puah a few minutes later and amidst ringing oheersfrom the majority of the speetatore, goal No. 3 was hoisted for the blue and whites. The premiers no vr bestirred themselves, and Page was applandsd far a fine ran down the field. He forwarded the leather well into his op- ponents' territory and Thurgood kicking the ball from a scrimmage sent it flying between the behind posta. In play again, Thurgood marked folly 60 yards from the goal potts and a aeoond goal waa scored for the'Mantles. The exoitemesA after the interval Was intouec. So ably did both sides defend their respielive ortadeli daring this term, that oniy two babinda were seored, and these were to la* entait of the Imperials. One of tbera was obtained by Manton, who punted the ball between the sticke from a short range, but as it was touched in ita oourae, only a minor point resulted. In the last quarter Fremantle crowded their men on the ball in the hope of forcing the play. The Imps, were placed en the de fonBive Boon after the start and the battle in front of the blue and white's posts waa magnificent. Twe attempts by Thurgood within a fair range only added a couple of behinds to the Fremantle saore, and whan Byers next failed to do the triok from a try for goal, the red and white's oup of bitter- ness was filled to overflowing. This was their last opportunity, for the Imps, now swooped down oa the besiegers and forced them baok to the centre line, about which the play raged fast and tarions to the finish. The Fremantle took their defeat kindly and the game was never unduly rough. Aa re- gards the umpiring, it is safe to say that in Bertram tho asaooiation have at laat got hold of the right man for the right place. His umpiring on Saturday was faultless, and ho won the respect of both playera and Bpeota tora for the very able manner in whioh ho oarried ont his onerous duties. Much of the unsightly scrimmaging on the winga waB done away with through Bertram always throwing the ball well in from " out of bounds." The predominant strength of the Imperials is to be found in theirruck and the aocuraoy of their kicking. Beth teams bad seven fair shots for goal. The Imps, made good use of theirs, the ball going between the big up- rights four times, whereas the Fremantlo team oould only do the needful twiee. The letter's goals, however, wore real beauties, kicked by Thurgood from 50 and 60 yards respectively. In Morrison, Covaoevitoh, and Fay the Imps, have three followers of the first water, and it was chiefly due to their sterling play, assisted by the best efforts of every other member of the team, that the Imps, were enabled to oarry off the honours of the day. Benson, Keenan, and Mullaney were a very strong trio m defence. Fry and Hall were indefatigable workers in attacking, and Tedd's high marking was very fine. Webb put in a lot of useful work, one of his dashes in the third quarter boirtg heartily applauded. Kelly waa alao in rare niok, «specially in the latter half, and H. Walker played a good game on the centre wing. Callen, whose disqualification was removed by the AsBOCia'.ion on Friday evening, played for the Imperials, but did cot shine. Oa the losing side, the moBt useful player was Thurglod, whether in defence, fol'oniag, or playing forward he was always prominent, and with tbe exception of one behind, scored by Byers, he registered all the Fremantle points. Next to Thurgood, Bau Page, and Byers Were the most brilliant players for Fremantle. Watton also workod very hard in the interests of his team, and Doran was very activo at half-forward. Price, Duggan, Farrant, Mangrove, and Cfaadwiok wore all prominent at different stages of the game. McDonald was not up to his beat form, and performed indifferently. The following are detailed saorea : Quarter time : Imperials, 1 goal 1 behind ; Fremantle, nil. Half time: Imperials, 3 goals 2 behinds. Fremantle, 2 goals 2 behinds. Three-quarter tims: Impériale, 3 goals 4 behinds ; Fremantle, 2 goali 2 behinds. Final result: Imperials, 3 goals 4 behinds. Fremantle, 2 goals 5 behinds. Goalkiekers: Imperials-Fry (2), Hall; Fremantle-Thargeod (2). FOOTBALL AT ALBANY. ALBANY, May 31. A football mateh waa played on Saturday afternoon between taamB representing Albany and the steamer Adelaide. The former won by three goals te ena. This was the firat matoh of the season for the looal team. W.A. FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION. At the laat meeting of the committee of the W.A. Football Asaooiation cheques for ¿2 2B. and ¿I Is. respectively were received from Mesare. E. B. White and H. Doyle. THE EUGBY GAME. The matches set down for Saturday under the Bngby Union programme were-Piratee v. Midland, and Fremantle v. I Zingari, both 1 to be played at Guildford. The fin-t matoh was won after a good game by the Pirates by 9 points (three tries) to nil. Toe match between the Fremantle and I Zingari teams was to have been oommenced at a quarter past three, but at that hour the Fremantle team had not arrived, and the I Zingaris acoording'y kicked off and olaimed the matoh. The Fremantle team put in au appearanoe abont an hour later. i THE BRITISH ASSOCIATION GAME. A match under the British Association rules was played on Saturday at Hyde Park between Perth and the Civil Service clubs. After a fast and exciting game Perth won by two goals (kicked by R. Burt) to nil. FOOTBALL IN VICTORIA. THE PEEilIEESHIP MATCHES. MELBOURNE, May 30. The following matches were played to- day: Port Melbourne 9 goals 9 behinds, beat Eichmond 3 goals 3 behinds. Essendon 11 goals 6 behinds beat St. Kilda 3 goals 6 behinds. Collingwood 4 goals 8 bohinds, beat Carlton 3 goals 11 behinds. Melbourne 15 goals 10 behind«, beat Williamstown 4 goals 3 b;hinda. Geelong 2 goals 6 behind«, drew wiih Footscray 2 goals 7 behindB. Fitzroy 3 goals 6 behinds, heat North Melbourne 2 goals 6 behinds. 