? ?' Tom Sayvyer, Detective.' Mark Twain's story in Harper's Magazine, bearing the title of 'Tom Sawyer,Detectivo,' is all too short. Begun in tho August number, it finishoB in September. Huck Finn, Tom's oarly chum, is narrator, and Mai'k Twain puts many quaint expressions into his mouth. The spelling is amusingly phonotio. As a sample of the bulk wo quote a passage in tho ' Septomoor Harper, describing- the sight Tom and Huck ? get of a supposed ghost. They were hear by when the diamond thiof was set upbn ' and killed by his mates, and when they afterwards see a figure in the likeness of the dead man walking about thoy conoludo that it must b.o a ghost. Tom and Hnck were out in the woods whon — All of a sudden I catchod my breath and grabbed Tom's arm, and all my livers and lungs and things fell down into my legs. ' Thoro it is !' I says. We jumped back behind a bush, shivering, and Tom says : ' Sh ! — don't make a noise.' It was setting on a,log right in tho edge of tho littlo prairio, thinking. I tried to get Tom to come away, but ho wouldn't, and I dasn't budge by mvself. Ho said we mightn't over get another chanco to see one,' and ho was going to look his fill at this1 one if ho died for it. So I lookod top, though it gave me the fantods to do it. Tom ho had to talk, but ho talked low. Ho Bays : 'Poor Jackey, it's got all its things on, just as ho said, ho would. Now you seo what we wasn't cbrtain about— its hair. It's not' long, -now, tho way it was; it's got it cropped ' close to its head, the way ho said he would. Huck, I never sco anything look any moro nataralor than what it does.' '''Nor I either,' I says; ' I'd rncogniso it ' anywheres.' ' So would.I. It looks perfectly solid and genuwyne, just tho way ? it done before ? it died.' ' v So wo kopt a-gazing. Pretty soon Tour, sayB : ? ? ' Huck, there's something mighty curious, about this oho, don't you know ? It oughtn't to bo 'going around in tho daytime.' ' That's so, Tom — I never heard the like of it before.' ' No, sir, they don't ovor comp out only at' night— and then not till af tor twelve. There's something wrong about this, ono, how you mark 'my words. I don't believe it's got any right to bo around in tho daytime. But don't it look natural! Jako was going to play doof and dumb, here, so tho neighbours wouldn't know his voice. ' Do you reckon it would do that if wo was to hollor at it P' \ ' Lordy, Tom,' don't talk so ! If you was to hollor at it I'd die in my tracks.' ' Don't you worry, I 'ain't going to hollor at it. 'Look, Huok, it's a-soratching its head — don't you see P' ' ' -% 'Well, what of it P' ' Whv, this : What's tho sense of it a-soratohing its head P Thoro ain't anything' thero to itch ; its head is made out of fog or something like, that, aud can't, itch. A fog can't itch ; any fool knows ,that.' ' Well, then, if it don't itch, and can't itoh, what in tho nation is it scratching it for? Ain't it juBt habit, don't you rockon P' ' No, sir, I don't. I ain't a bit satisfied about tho way this ono acts. I'vo a blamo good notion it's 'a bogus ono — I havo, assure as I'm a sotting horo, Bocauso, if it— Huok !' ' Woll, what tho raattor now P' ' ' You can't soo tho bushes through it !' ' Why, Tom, it's so, sure ! It's as solid as- 'a cow. I sort'bf liogin to think — ' Huok, it's biting off a ohaw of tobaok'or I By Goorgo, thoy don't chaw — thoy hain't got ?anything to chaw with. jEuokl' 1 ' ['in a-listoning.'' ' It ain't a ghost at all. It's Jake Dunlap his own solf I ?- ! 