STEN0GRAMS. The one thing; nocesaary to tho succeBs of a present day preBsmon is ' an epirdermie like a rhinoceroua and a cheek that would blunt an American axe.' This latter accom plishment he shares with the book agent and the life insurance can vasser. A friend who has recently returned from fulfilling the onerous duty of chief of the litarary staff of a country weekly, a position he alter nated by a spell occasionally at the fly-wheel of tbe double royal, states that his grente6t difficulty j was receiving the weekly editorial— I a task the proprietor apportioned to himself. One Fridoy evening, on ; calling at tho residence ot the pro j prictor for the weekly copy, he found the editorial intellect con siderably obscured by the effects of an agricultural society meeting. But he was not to be done, Turn ing to the literary combination he queried, ' Have you a copy of the Argvx ?' 44 Yes/' was the reply ; so it was handed over. The proprietor calmly took the 6cis6ors, extracted the whole of the principal leader, pasted it on slips, headed it with the query, ' What does the Argut mean by this?' and the difficulty was surmounted. * ? * Another pressman of my acquain ance rather prided himself on his ability to test the purity of liquor, not that ' testing' of liquor is an exceptional accomplishment amongst 'recording angels.' They are generally equal to anything from a ' pony beer' to a hogshead. But this member of the fraternity was a bit too particular, and varied his liquors a lot. This, he maintained, had conferred on him the power ot naming any liquor submitted to his palate, as veil as the braifd, even if he was blind-folded. Ho was airing his accomplishments to several brother scribes in a Collins-street hotel in the early morning hour of Saturday — the ghost walks on a Friday evening — and dared his hearers to test his infallibility The result was a wager of ' a couple of bottles of wine,' the landlord to supply the samples. The subject was blindfolded, and commenced to pronounce with monotonous regu larity the various liquors submitted, and their make. He had completed the whole routine, and it seemed as if the wager was won and lost, when a little man whispered a few words in the landlord's ear. The expert was accordingly handed a wineglass full of a cloar liquor. Passing it gently under his nasal organ he sniffed the aroma, shook his head in doubt; took a sip and further expressed doubt. Tl.cn he swallowed the lot; but wi:h no better luck — he was beaten, and with the remark 'It is my funeral' his eyes wero uubountl. It was a glass of water ! He p;iid up like a man but protested against the introduction of a 'foreign ele ment.' * * . * * » The August municipal elections arc going to be a little exciting. That is judging by the number of candi dates who have already announced themselves as anxious for municipal honors. But, somehow, I don't think there will be much change in the present constitution of the respec tive councils w hen all is over. Cr. Moore will take a lot of beating for the South Ward of St. Kilda. He may be rather inclined to verbosity at ihe Council-table, but this is not an offence meriting disqualification, ft tor nothing oho he deserves re election for his services on the Metropolitan Board of Works. Not that he lacks other qualifications at all. Speaking generally, he is a good all-round man. Still he has a foeman 'worthy of his steel in Mr. Kemp, but I do not think that Cr. W. Moore will meet his Waterloo next August. It is also whispered that Cr. Miller is to be opposed, but people scarcely take the prp fessions of his alleged possib'e opponent seriously. He resembles Christmas so much. The services of Cr. Skinner cannot be treated lightly but he will have an uphill fight. The only other possibility iB in the case of Dr. Fetherston, but tho 'little doctor' will prove a hard nut for Mr. Gray to crack. And should tho latter be successful againBt the medico next August he will have a chance to meet him again next year for the Assembly elections. ' Dr. Fetherston, M L.A.,' is quite within the bounds of possibility. 