NEWS AND NOTES I IN A NUTSHELL. I THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN I Doll market on Bcndlgo 'Change to- I iky. I Greece sending two warships to the I Isle of Crete, In which she holds certain I tmdltlonnl interests. I The Ballarat stock and share market I was decidedly brisker to-day, 3000 I Shares huving been sold. I Czar Nicholas Is deeply grieved at tho I awful calamity which marked the coro- I nation festivities at Moscow. lie makes I a greut of L150 to each of the bereaved I families. I ' Something on this pnge obont a means i now being extensively announced by circular whereby Indies and others enn earn money in light, pleasant employ ment in their own homes. Slavin arrested at New York, the re sult being that a little nffnir of twenty | rounds ho had on with Peter .\Itiher, Is posijMjned for n week. Now, what will the New York authorities do to our " Paddy ' " At the North Melbourne Court this morning Constable Fitzgerald was or dered to pay 5s a week towards the support of his illegitimate child, Eiuma llulier, the complainant, twice had the tasb before the St. Kllda Court, and on each occasion she failed. Notice of up- peal was given. Dr Grcssweli fears that scarlet fever Is more prevalent in the colony than the returns Indicate, viz., 44 cases, and one death for last week. The doctor explains that there ore a number of dis tricts not proclaimed as Infected, and medical men In such places arc not hound to report cases to the Health Board. A man named Archibald KIdd, while cutting grass in the reserve at Parlia ment nouse on Saturday afternoon, found the body of a male child, about three weeks old. It was wrapped In paper, tied up lu a napkin, and had evi dently been thrown over the fence. Nothing won found ou the body to lend to Us Identification. Coustable Gribbcn removed the body to the morgue. A gripmaii. uamcd John M'CIusky, re siding In Union street, Northeote, found this morning tho dead body of a newly born male child In a right-of-way, be tween Uniou and Barry streets. The discovery was reported to the police, and the liody removed to the Morgue. U wns wrapped in nil old pillow-slip aad " The Iiernld " newspaper of the 25th of last niontb. The Wllliuuistown police arc inclined to believe the story told by the seauinu Wnrreii, regarding Ills encounter with, and the subsequent drowning of, a wan unknown, early on Sunday morning. The Water police are engaged dragging for the body. Warren adheres to bis original statement. Dragging for the body of the drowned man baa been going on all the morning without suc cess. "Regular Render" writes The lay- lag In your Saturday's issue of that ghost of the three barmaids "mid nod- logs on," which tins been so persistently trotted out at religious and temperance meetings, should impress upon well- meaning but credulous people the desir ability, when about to pass on a doubt ful story, of bearing iu mind Mark Twain's aphorism, that "one of the most itrlklng differences between a cat and a He is that a cat has only uiue lives." iVorb. sap. Mr Justice Hodges delivered his re served decision to-day In the divorce ault of Browne v. Browne, heard by him oa the 14th May last In this case the Wife, sued for dissolution of marriage on the ground of desertion. His Honor had no doubt as to tho desertion, but there was a question as to whether the legal domicile was In this colony or In Now South Wales. His Honor now said he was satisfied the domlcllo was here, ftnd ho mado an order nisi for divorce, the petitioner to liavo custody of the children. Mr Hancock, M.L.A., says that, un less the lady telegraph operators axe Paid their Increments before Parliament tnccts on the 23rd Inst., or provision Is made on the supplementary estimates for payment, ho will bring the mutter before the House. The member for Footscray further states that the As sembly, by carrying his amendment on the Postal estimates in February last, directed _ tho , Postmaster-General to give tho ladles their Increments, and that the excuse that no money was pro vided is "not good enough." If those Sffccted, he argues, had been men with Votes, they would not have been kept halting so long after tho House's man- ' Sate. Mrs O'Connoll, a resident of Trenthnra for over thirty years, was found dead on her fnnn there this morning. Indian troops have arrived at Suaklm and (KM) of them started for Tokar. It will take the Marquis de Mores all his time now to catch up to the British pre parations ! Sir Lionel PhlUlps denies that there Is in existence any letter which shows that be suggested a bribe to Mr de Korte, the Transvaal Judge, who has been suspended on suspiciou. A man named David Jackson, of 93 Ragkui street. South Melbourne, yester day found Uie body of a newly - born male child on a vacant piece of ground off York street. South Melbourne. Manchester Unity Order of Oddfel lows In nunual session at Bristol last week. Tboy nfilrm the principle that, the poor and Infirm should have aid from the State other than that ufforded by the operation of tbc present poor laws. Many volunteers to form a crew for the gunboat Victoria on bcr voyage. to West Australia besiege the Secretary for Defence. They are referred to Com mander Dawson, R.N. Lieutenant Colquboun, Victorian Navy, lent for the voyage. Though Robert Butler, the desperate criminal, arrested on Saturday night by Detectives Macmanamny, Dolton, and Hawkins, Is 49 years of age, he has not had much liberty la his lifetime. In all, sentences aggregating 41 years have been recorded against blm, but many of them were "concurrents." In the Criminal Court to-day, before Judge Gaunt. Henry James MTCay— "the real M'Kay"— pleaded guilty to three charges of larceny, and was re manded for seotenee. Prisoner admit ted having been convictetd and sen tenced to five years' Imprisonment in New South Wales iu 1SS7 for uttering a forged warrant. Mr Justice u'Beckett delivered re served Judgment to-day in the euso of Kennedy v. tiio Committee of Classifi cation of tho Education department Mr Kennedy, u State School teacher, sought u mandamus to compel the clas sifiers to credit him with service under the old Board of Education from 1858 to 1872\. His Honor held that he was en titled to such credit, and uiude the or der nisi absolute. Robert Butler, charged (as James Wilson) under the Intlux of Criminals Act with being Illegally at large In Vic toria. was remanded to-day by the City Bench until Friday. When that case has been dlapbSed of, charges of rob bery under arms and burglary will be laid against htm. He was identified to day by Mr A. M'Pheo as the man who presented a revolver at him and robbed him at Hawthorn on Thursday evening. Mr Glllott, cross-examining complain ant In a maintenance case at the North Melbourne Court this morning: How long have you been residing at North Melbourne? Complainant: Two weeks. Why did you come here?— Because I was told that I would get justice. I could not at St. Hilda. (Laughter.) The plaintiff, whose case was twice dis missed at St. Hilda, was more successful at North Melbourne. "She has seen me," was the exclama tion of Butler at the City Court to-day, when he saw that a female relative had recognised him. He had pretended for a long time to his friend that he was a Journalist. The knowledge that this lady had seen him in custody, how ever. completely upset him, and on reaching his cell he butted his head against the walls. Altogether he was so violent that he was taken to gaol Immediately. The condition of Mr D. C. M'Murtle, who was so seriously lujurcd on Satur day Inst by a full from bis horse, while follow! ug the Melbourne Hunt Club hounds, at Glen Iris, Is still very criti cal. On Inquiry this morning, we were informed that there was no perceptible Improvement lu bis couditlon. I/>rd Nevlll, who was injured while follow ing the Burwood Ilouuds, Is now pro gressing favorably, and bis condition shows n great Improvement Our Geelong correspondent wires : — At the Police Court this morning a iniddle-agcd mun named Thomas John son, who has been employed since J March, 18D5, by Howard Smith and j Sons as their agent at Portarilngtoii, was charged with embezzling the sum of L30 5s (kl.also with the larceny of 18s. He was reuiauded to appear at the City Court, Melbourne, on the 4th Inst,' ball being allowed himself In LOO and two sureties of 1.25. Mr Gray, M.L.A., recently suggested to the Railway Commissioners that they should modify the plans for wait ing room at Prahran station by provid ing for an extra expenditure of L80, tho work thus to cost L192 Instead of LU2. The Commissioners considered the mat ter, and to-day Informed Mr Gray that as the Prahran Council had endorsed his proposal It would be accepted. As soon as the Prahran Council sent an oiild&t; notification the work would be proceeded with. 