CONFIRMATION SERVICE. THE ceremony of confirmation is of suf ficiently rare occurrence, to say nothing of its interesting character, to attract a considerable amount of attention .in a quiet community like ours, and the large congregation that assembled in S. Mary's Church of England on Tuesday evening last to witness the rite formed no matter for surprise. Almost anything is of in terest'that is connected With youth ; and a bevy of young girls just ripening into womanhood, gathered together for the purpose of going through an attractive ceremony, is pretty certain to excite feel ings of the liveliest interest in persons of both sexes. The 23 young ladies were chastely and appropriately attired, and were so many images of maiden purity and grace. We must not forget the nine young gentlemen who were also con firmed ; but although these took prece dence in the rite, the ladies naturally formed the centre of attraction. The rite of confirmation, like all the ceremonies of the Anglican Church, is a commingling of simplicity and beauty. Perhaps it is a little too simple--but' this, if it be a fault, it one on the right side. His Lordship the Bishop of Mel bourne, assisted by the Rev W. Charles Ford, R.D., conducted the service, and, as was to be expected, placed himself en tirely en rapport with the young people chiefly interested. The Rev W. C. Ford began the cere mony by reading the prefatory passage of the service, which explains the aims of confirmation, and the Bishop then delivered a fluent and pleasing address. The incident of S. Peter's denial of the Saviour, and the words spoken by Christ to that disciple-" Lovest thou Me ?" formed the keynote of the discourse. He d described the voluntary sufferings of the Saviour, which were borne because of t His great love for men, which led Him to sacrifice Himself. He (the Bishop) could imagine Christ saying to those present, " Lovest thou 5Me ?" and he hoped they could answer from their 1 hearts that they did. If they were in clined to love the pomps and vanities of the world more than Him, he exhorted them to give up all for His sake, for He I hated those things. He exemplified the power of the love of Christ to drive out profane affections. They came not only to confirm the promises and vows of re nunciation made for them in their bap tism, but also to receive the Holy Ghost, which would put into their hearts the love of Christ. They had come to decide that they should walk for evermore in the narrow path towards eternal life. The first two confirmees then ap proached and knelt before his Lordship, who, laying his hands upon their heads, pronounced the following words :-"De fend, O Lord, this Th) child with Thy Heavenly grace that he may continue Thine for ever, and daily increase in the Holy Spirit more and more until he come unto Thy Heavenly Kingdom." This was repeated as each successive pair knelt, until the ceremony was completed. Subsequently the Rev Dr Goe signified that he would be pleased to offer practical advice, after the service, to confirmees wishing to receive it. In the meantime he should like to say just three things to them. Frst, he warned them against the evil effects of bad temper, and urged them to follow Christ's example of divine meekness under trial. Secondly, he en treated them always to speak the truth, and never to prevaricate to serve a pur pose, It would be a terrible world to live in if no one could trust another's - word. Thirdly, he exhorted them all to keep God's holy day, and be assiduous in their religious exercises. God had 1 given His own day not for dull looks or long faces, and he hoped they all loved Sunday and made good use of it. He explained the, beauty and purpose of the Holy Sacramnent, of which those who had just been confirmed would be invited to partake on Easter Day. He also asked the relatives and friends of the con firmees to help and encourage them to keep the promises they had made. The following are the names of the ladies who were confirmed :-Misses Benzley, Ayers, Bowie, Boardman, Ar- kinstall, Dicey, Davis (2), Schurer, Lock (2), Thompson (2), Wilson (3), Richardson (2), Norton, Wilson (2), Lock, and Mrs T. Patterson. The following are the gentlemen's names :-Masters Tom Bowie, Gerald Kurrle, Ernest Davis, Hubert Ayers, John Lock, Ube Schurer, Edward Wil- son, Andrew Litton, and Paul Ford. 