Strange Superstitions of lo-day. London laundrymaids cling fondly to the j belief that if red-hot cinders are fonnd ad- : hering to the door of their copper fire a 1 quantity of new work is coming in, accord- ] ing to the quantity of cinders. , If the ; same thing on their ironing-Btove door, j work is going to be forfeited accordingly. > In the Southern counties of England j there is a widespread belief amongst the j rural population that a potato carried in : the pocket is an effectual antidote against rheumatism. Many firmly insist that it is a positive preventative, and affirm that they suffer considerable qualms if, on changing their garments, the friendly potato has been left behind. Many Cor nish folk, especially those of the sea-Earing section, seriously assert that if a seagull is put in the coffin 'with a dead person the ghost of that person will not return. Should this rite be ignored the superstitions relatives are sore to be visited now and again by the departed one. At least so runs the belief. The peasants and colliers of Lancashire have many superstitions in which they re pose a stolid faith well worthy of a better object. Perhaps one of the most curious cf: their beliefs is that it is positively courting misfortune to lend anyone a pair of bel lows, and, in consequence of this fallacy, it is exceedingly difficult to borrow this an cient and useful article. A curious super stition, relating to the killing of pigs for bacon, prevails generally in Wales, to the effect that bacon from pigs slaughtered whilst the moon is decreasing is very in ferior in quality. So much faith is there in this superstition in some parts of Wales that nothing would induce some of the people to slaughter their pigs at any other time but when the moon is increasing and nearly full. In some parts of the South-West of Eng land a carious superstition prevails. A hair is taken from a maiden's head and passed through a wedding ring. The ends are then held by the girl with her first finger and thumb, and the ring suspended a little way from the top of a half-filled tumbler of water. The hand is held per fectly still, bat the ring is presently seen to oscillate to such an extent that itchinke against the side of the tumbler. The number of chinks is said to correspond with the number of years which will elapse before the girl is married. In the South of Ireland it is believed that when a person dies, and the body is carried the nearest way to the cemetery, it is a sure sign that one of the family will soon die and follow it to the grave. If,! however, a body is carried the longest way, the remainder of the family will live long., A peculiar superstition prevails in the Isle of Ax ran, in the West Highlands, where it is believed that if the boots of a murdered man be buried below high-water mark j it will effectually prevent his ghost from walking. At Sefton, near Liverpool, there is a well containing remarkably clear water, and surrounded by chains. There is an old tale told that a church was to be built on the spot where the well is now. The foun dation-stone was fonnd some distance from it. This happened three different times, and finally the church was built on the spot to which the stone had been mysteri ously removed, and a well sprang up where it was first deposited. The superstition now is, if you throw a pin in and the head turns towards the church, you will be mar ried soon and prosperously. Thousands of pins have been left there by ambitions young people, and doubtless the prophecy has, in some cases, been fulfilled. 