THE BEV.' THOMAS COOK . IN CEYLON. This eminent evangelist was greatly impressed by what he saw m the immense heathen world, and his heart was warmed by the triumphs of the Cross he witnessed there. He, who has seen Methodism in genial Yorkshire and in shouting Corn'ali, was pleased with it in the air of Ceylon's spicy breezes. He tells in the Wesleyan Methodist Magazine how he was privileged to meet with Yelluppillai, a high-caste heathen preacher at Triueouialee. ' Last November he went on a pilgrimage to a sacred city in Southern Iudia seeking to find rest for his soul. But the fanaticism of the people, and the man ner in which the Braarins traded upon their superstitions, so much disgusted him that he returned to his home with his faith in heathenism almost destroyed. This led to his attending our Church occasionally, and to his reading the Bible. Gradually he became convinced of the divinity and claims of Christ, but he dared not confess Him. To do this would mean opposition and strife in his home, bitter persecution from his friends, and irreparable financial loss. As he described to us the difficulties with which he was encompassed, I thought how little we know at home of what it costs these people to take a stand for Christ. The Mission, how ever, furnished the necessary impetus, and it was my privilege to baptise Joseph Yelluppillai also in the name ot the .Father, the Son,- and the Holy Ghost. It was beautiful to see his face ap, with streaming tears, he con fessed his faith in the crucified and risen Christ.' 'At Moratuwa and Kuruna God has done a work through Methodism which : ranks among the greatest . triumphs of Missions. Situated in the very heart of Buddhism, Moratuwa, with its 20,000 inhabitants, possesses more real Christians than many a town in Eng land the same size can claim. la the town itself, besides what other Churches report, we have 600 Church members, and between 2000 and 3000 adherents. It was a stirring sight to see the church crowded each night during the Mission with 600 to 80(5 people, all eager and anxious for the Word of Life. The rainy season had set in, bur, notwith standing heavy tropical showers at ser vice time, the people came. Except that the congregation were dark-skinned and dressed differently, it was just such a one as we should have had in Eug land. All were reverent, well-dressed, familiar with our h\mns and tunes, and hearty, as Methodists should be. It was almost too much like home. Their responses during prayer, and their sparkling eyes and snouts of praise . when sinners came to the communion rail, seemed more like Yorkshire than Ceylon. Speaking through an inter preter did not affect the service, either one way or the other. I preached the same sort of sermon I should have preached to an English audience, and \--as pleased to find the more thoughtful addresses^were moat appreciated. Be-, fore coming to the East I Lad no idea that we hau achieved such successes in the establishment of native Churches. Such vigorous religious life and attach ment to Methodist doctrines and polity iu Ceylon has come to us as a pleasant surprise.' Some of the native preachers them sel-ves-catohiijg- tha fiaii-e from Thomas Cook, one wrote of 26 converts the following week alter the evangelist left. Another says : ' Not only our people, but we preachers aLo, have been blessed. Your message, and the results which followed its delivery, have intensified and deepened our faith in the Atone ment ot our Lord Jesus Christ, and have iueoirei us wiih fresh zeal for His service.' And to crown all he- gives this beauti iul gem, won from the mines of Bud dhism: '*A dying Buddhist priest said to one ot our people who visited him: ' Christianity is like the sun rising in thfi miipinnir. ? AlriPnrlv its HdrJih ih noun above the tops ot the mountains, and it will rise higher and higher until its light is everywhere. Buddhism and other religions are like the setting sun ; they are sinking lower and lower aa the sun sinks in the west.' That testimony is true; All other lights shall wane before the presence of Him who is the Light of the World. The day shall come which shall be signalized by His universal triumph. We may not see it before ' this mortal Bhall have put on immor tality,' but we appreciate tfie privilege of being permitted to assist in hastening that glorious era.' 