SPOUTING NOTE&, THK TURF. (By " Calm a.") Races will be held at Sandown Park to-day. Anticipations:— Tkial Handicap (start at 2).—Vencc-ance, 1 ; Glory. 2; Valour, 3. Hurdle Race (2.55).—Fiddler, 1; Scamp, 2; Huro, 3 Welter Handicap (3.10).—Kotiro, I; Pac tolus, 2 ; Realgar, 3. Steeplechase (3 40).—Edgar, 1; Campaspe, 2 j Mcnangle, 3 Pauk Handicap (4.15).—Damien or Pivot, 1; Beverley, 2 ; Galant, 3. Flying Handicap (4.40).—Dowry, 1 ; Glen ken, 2 ; Tama, 3. FOOTBALL. The match South Bendigo v. Eaglehawk to morrow, in the Upper Reserve, promises to be most exciting, and a big attendance is expected to witness the game. At half-time the public will be treated to an exhibition of boomerang throwing, etc , by the Australian blacks who were to have appeared at the A.N. A. Hall on Siturdav night. Mr. Roeder, of tlio Arcade Cigir .Divan, will present a valuable silver mounted pipe to the captain of the winning team. South Bendigo Imps. v. New . Chum, at Golden-square to-morrow;—Capel (2), Webb, Campb?ll, Cairns, Hulls, Kidd, Culleu. Tapper, Cook, Martin, Hazel, Geoige, Russell, Holman, Anatee, La Franz, Wheaton, Fluff, Jones, Yemtn. Stecne, Nevison, Larkin, Butler, Rechter, Bund. * Eiglehawk v. South Bendigoat Upper Reserve to-morrow :—Davies, Forth, W. Hall, R. Hansen, Kcndell, Lawlcv, Miller, Muadv, M 'Donald, Oates (2), Potter, Rule, "'""oning, Wil ia (2), Williams. Scadiien; CitfCKKi". . . , A meeting of tire (Joamopfalitan OrifiXe't Ol»u , was held at the L&V; Ooitls h6'tel on Tuesday last. The attendance waB very gtfod; afi'd Mr. F. Jenkin wsis in the chair. Th'e balance'5!is9t showed that the clvib was in a jvery fair financial condition, having a small credit ba^on^e to start ihe onsuing.season. The following officer^ wsrs elected:—Mr. G. D,7Walson, president; Messrs. R. W. Brown, (?. V. Adpinall and M. Conoian, vice- prejidents ; Messrs. Honeybohe," Pi Mole, G. Mackay, M'Kcnzie, Dr. Cook,Jas Weeklej1, A. Bash, E. Owen, A. Cttrrio, patrons; secre tary (ind treasurer, Mr. J. H. ©ould (re-elected); captain, Mr. F. Jenkin (re-elected); vice-captain, i Mr. W. Jackson; general cofrimittee,- Messrs. i Trayes, Davis, Nigan, Brnnnen, JatlSSon/! Jenkin and Gould match cum'niitte.e, Messrs.' jenkin, Davis, Gould, Nigan and Jackson. It was resolved that the club should compete in ! the private competition for a trophy. Mr. M. Uo'nulau donated .a ball for the bowliog averagei during the season. V irloua other items of interest were dealt with, and the meeting closed. COURSING. A meeting will be held at the Black Swan hotel to-morrow CTening at 8 o'clock for the purpose of forming a Fox Terrier Club. 'LOWING NOTES. . ijtanbury and Gaudaiif uaVe_ sigped articles to row on the 7th September over iha Thames, course for the championship of the world and £ stake of £1,000. At Mie annual meeting of the Sandhurst club on Mouday evening, considerable enthusiasm was shown by the variou3 Speakers) and regattas promise to be frequent and entries mora nume rous than hitherto. Liberal donations liive been offered for the Srat open regatta, which will probably be fixed for November. The club enlol'S upon the new season with a good finan cial footing. At HeStiam. a few eriterprimng sports are promoting' a £30 Sculling handicap to take place on the 26th of next mdnih, a.*d already 13 entries have been received, including Tieil . son, Towns and other cracks. In his match with Harding, Stanburv accom plished thi extraordinary feat of putting day light between tfie fc&'alS itt his. 22nd stroke. Tne London Sportsi.tehi sajs pardin^ never had a ghost of a show with the AiiaM'sli^a; v>lt£ won easing in 21 min, 51 sec;, the loser's Lime being 22 min. 5seo. A nioveliieut is afoot to render pecviniary assistance to Laycock, with whom things are in rather a bad way just now. Laycock was de feated by Hanlau on the Thames in 1881, the race beirig postponed from day to day owing to the ice. RIFLE SHOOTING. The match in connection with the opening of the F Company's new rifle range will take place to morrow between the Eaglehawk Rifle C'.ub, Bendigo militia,.F Company Victorian Rangers, and probably a team from Melbourne. The F Company's team will be picked from the following Lieutenant Curtain, Lieutenant Hawkings, Sergeant D. Ross, Sergeant R. Wylie, Private A. llonagetti, Private J. Hunter, Private Stewart, Private Leach, Private W. Gillzan, Private R. Young, Private J. Pearce, Private F. Williams, Private M'Ghie, Scrgeaut-major Sissons, Private Steel, i.ieutenantsergetSnt Burnside. 