THE DAY OF REST. ADVENT. A SERMON by the Rev. W COOKE, Bector of A.l Saillta*, tfoonta. And now also the axe is laid onto the root of the trees- , Ihereoreevery lUOLD'UIB BVQIJ tree KCC which nuibu bringeth UIUIKCUU not J1UI forth IUl(iU rood fruit is hewn down and ca-t into tne fire. I : indeed baptize you with water unto repentance, bat He that Cometh af er me is mightier titan I, whose j shoes I am not worthy to bear; He .--hall baptize von with the Holy Glios , and with lire, whose' fan is in Hi- hand, and He will thoroughly purge His floor and gather hi- wheat into the garner, bat :he chaff he will burn with unquenchable tire.—St. Matt iii. 10-12. Sosoake John the Baptist in reference to the Christ and His ministry. John was the forerunner of the Messiah, and had prepared binuelf for his mission by years of quiet meditation in the solitudes of the wilderri'jhs. The 'Jewish nation had reached a crisis. It had failed politically and religiously. Politically it was under the .Roman yoke, and the throne of David had passed away. For 400 years her prophets had been silent, and the spiritual principles of Moses' laws had been lost ia an overgrown formalism. Judaism as a moral and innovating power had become effete. It -was dead. At such a time God visited His people, and Tfche day had come when judgment should begin at the House of God. Two children were bom within six months of each other; one was the son of Elisalieth, the other the son of Mary. These two infants were destined to start a revolution in human society. John the Baptist working from the outer, Jesus from the inner life of man. It was John's inferior duty to arouse men's attention and prepare them for the coming Christ. It was Christ's work to lay bare the hearts of men, Bhow them the causes of moral evil and failure^and with words of divine wisdom reveal the only possible way to a new and better life. John's ministry was remarkable in its character. The man himself wae full of a rugged energy, and his doctrine partook of the nature of his mind. His words were like balls of fire falling on his hearers. They startle and terrify. In his addresses he is as direct as an arrow, as pointed as a rapier, and lie thrusts home with merciless force. He is no preacher Of smooth sentences and harmless platitudes. He is the second Elijah, a prophet of fire. His mind has long dwelt on the misery of bis nation, and with keen insight h£ has observed the festering corruptions of the national life, and sees that, nothing but moral revolution will save the people; that' the root of evil must be placked up and the heart prepared for the incorruptible seed of holiness. John came not to build, but to throw down; not to plant, bnt to uproot. When He came out of the wilderness in rough raiment, He stood before the people calling them to repentance— a decisive break from the old life. He demanded from them confession of sin, and administered to them the washing of baptism as a pledge of sincerity of heart and reformation of life. TTor judgment was now beginning in the nation, and let him who will save himself from the coming .ruin. " For even now," exclaims He, in burning rhetoric, "the axe is laid at the root of the trees, and all that is corrupt and bad must fall." The words of the text set forth the fact of judgment, its instrument, its method, and its results. • 1\. The fact of judgment. On this point I need 6ay little, for the judgment of the Jewish nations stands out with over 1,800 vears of history behind it. That people so favoured of God for so Ion? had, as we may say, so wearied the Divine patience that its doom was inevitable. The glittering axe lay at the root of the national tree, and swiftly the evil growth must fall to the ground. A few mure years from Christ's dav and Palestine will be overrun with Roman soldiers, the City of .Jerusalem laid in ruins, the Temple destroyed, the people slain, scattered, or sold into slavery, and the name of Jew made a byword, a proverb, and reproach in the world. So has the tree fallen which brought not forth good fruit; and, says the Baptist, so shall every such tree fall; and so said Christ* and so says the moral history of the world. The axe of God .is bright and sharp, and wielded by Almighty power, and that axe will bo lifted against every evil thing, -every corrupt institution, every bad life, every sinful aotion. TJiis is the lesson of Christ's judgment—sooner or later the evil tree is felled, and left to wither or perish or be burnt with fire. , But look for a moment at God's patienoe. The axe is laid at the root of the trees. It is harmless as it lies there, and while it lies there; and while at the root of the tree it is a prophecy of judgment, it is also a promise of forbearance, and we seem to hear the prayer of an invisible pleader. "Spare it yet another -year, and if it bear fruit, well; if not, then cut it down." When we look around us we \ see bad liven, bad institutions, and bad con- • ditions of society, and wo grow weary and despondent, and we ask, "Shall this evil go on for ever? Is there no hope of better things? But we cannot forget, if we would, that the axe is lying there, only awaiting a hand to wield it._ But it- is a time of God'B long suffering. He waits for repentance and amendment of life. Our Lord wept over Jerusalem, and said, "Hads't thou kjiown the things which belong to thy peace but now they are hid from thine eyes." And again, "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem . . . how often would I have gathered thy children together as a hen gatheretb her chickens under her wings, but ye would not." When the women bewailed and lamented His cmel fate as He went to crucifixion, He turned to them and said, " Daughtersof Jerusalem, weep not for me, hut \\\vj~t for yourselves and for your childien" for d;.. of evil and preat trouble are before you all. In such words do we see the divine tenderness and loner-suffering. And when repentance oa-ne not, when there was no ivformation, then the Divine Woodmau took up the axe and smote the tree at its roots and it fell with crashing rnin; and oh'. how manv lost both heaven and earth in that fearful judgment of a highly favoured people! 2\. The instrument of judgment—" He shall baptise V9U with the Holy Ghost and with fire." This is set against any visible form or ceremony. John's baptism was but an outward test; this is inward and infallible. When Ohnst cams He orought new ideas to men. He save light and fire to the understandings of men. He baptized them with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Here was a new instrument of judgment. By it men were taken into the very heart of reality. Not that dlis was altogether wanting- in the Old Testament. It was then; but how sadly it had been nedectod, until nothing was left in the Jewish faith but curemonialisru and dead forms of religion. It did not touch the heart or reform the life. It was but the shadow of a reality. It had lost poxve , and men were left dead and in darkness. There, is in -these words, doubtless, a prophecy of the gift of Pentecost, when the Holy Spirit should come down as a spiritual power on the newborn Church. But then Christ had left the earth, and the Spirit took His place in t.he conscience rather than before the face of men. We may use the words, however, as havinir full power in the ministry of Justis, for He taught men to judge the Rood from the bad, the real from the unreal, the true from the falsa. He charged the teachers of_the people again and a.i-ain with making religion Hit an outward observance, a mere f irm, whilst their lives wore not in obedience to Grid's law. He flashed the light and fire of the Spirit npon the pages of Moses and the Prophets. He made the Old Testament instinct with life, and pointed out the giw and soul-killing errors of the Scribes and Ph.iri'e"?. Their fetching was a dead thing and evil, and as such was to be consumed with the Spirit of burning and of judgment. By this instrument of judgment He condemned their lives, their teaching, their Church, andtheir nation. But there is a wider application of this rule. It applies to every form of human life, every institution of man—social, political, educa- tioial, moral, and religions, for-, anything to have a true and solid standing is to be conceived, brought forth, matured, and applied according to the mmd of God. And everything is false which builds apart from God. Christ was revolutionizing the world and giving a true and eternal basis to human life and prozrcfis. He was lifting men's minds out of . the formal . . , and conventional. , , By the , glance of a spiritual power they were to see how poor and unsatisfactory were the extant aud accepted ideas of righteousness. We know he judged the Pharisees and found their righteousness lacking. He judged the Scribes ] and sa'd that by their traditions they had 1 made the law of God of non-effect. He told the lawyers that they having the key of knowledge would neither go into the kingdom of God themselves nor let others go in. In words of burning indignation he pronounced woes upon them for th<jirhypoerisy and wickedness, and foretold the coming judgments of God. He declared the presenoe of a new kingdom whi:h should cast down the evil of all earthly powers, and none should or could euter that kingdom but those who were born of the Spirit. This was the baptism with which ,, the , nations , - were to , lie baptized. .. It would wash and cleanse men's understandings ; and their hearts, and build up the life in j spiritual power and righteousness. The very aim of Christ's life and teachings | a condemnation of the old order. His high j spiritual personality is a rebuke to the deadly formalisms of the religions of His day. His social teachings—man srelation to man—break i down the baneful class distinctions so much in ' vogue in the palitical and religious institutions of His time. He taught the care and beauty of childhood, tbe brotherhood of man, the sisterhood of woman, care for the poor, help for the needy, the duty of mercy, charity, forgiveness, brotherly love, and kindness. He so set these things in the fundamental laws of His kingdom, quickened into activity by His spirit, that no man can sincerely claim discipleship with Him who disregards or tramples on these holy ideas. He made all these to be living truths, and wrote them in letters of fire on the minds of men, and by them we are to be judged in our righteousness. . {To be ronictnued.) 