THE CARNGHAM AMATEUR MINSTRELS. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) There was a crowded house at the Mechanics' Hall, Snake Valley, when the Carngham Amateur Silver Star Minstrels gave an cntertainment in aid of the Ballarat District Hospital. As the company have been successful in their past efforts they hnve decided to visit the surrounding district for the purpose of assisting the deserving chari ties, and in view of their sucoesßful perform ance nnd the good reception by the audience they ought to secure large houses. The first part of the programme opened with the uanal circle, in which Mr T. Thomas filled the interlocutor’s chair, and Messrs W. Roddis and T. Cheeseman, D. Thomas and G. Wright infused a good deal of humor into their respective characters of Bones and Tambos, and sang comic songs, then senti mental songs and ballads being beautifully rendered by Messra T. Thomas, jnn,, O. Daniels, R. Buchanan, S. Thomas, W. Mitchell, and T. Thomas. The concluding of the first part being a ghost piece entitled, “ Oxygen," in which the whole of the com pany took part, nnd which sent the house into oonvulsinns of laughter. The seoond part of the programme waß of an attractive and interesting nature, all the performers b°ing well received, and in many oases encores demanded. Mr T. Woolard, on behalf of the minstrels, thanked the audi ence for their attendance; after which a farae was staged, in which thefnn was fast and furious. At the conclusion Mr T. Phillips proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the per formers. Mr J. Douglas seoonded the vote, which was carried with acclamation. After singing the Nationnl Anthem the gathering brove up. The minstrels must feel highly gratified by the result of their efforts, and there will be a fair sum for the Hospital. Mr T. Cheeßeman was stage manager, while Mr T. Woolard wbb hon. secretary. Both carried out their duties in a creditable manner. Mr Hale played the overtures, the second with the piano completely covered with a large doth. The room was cleared for dancing, to music supplied by Messrs A. Hale (piano), W. Kerr (violin), G. Krick (cornet). -Mr W. Martin carried out the duties of M.C. ia a highly satisfactory manner. 