The Australasian Rabbinate. No. 6. Rabbi Lenzer. “ From Moscow to Melbourne ” would make a picturesque and euphonious title for this life-picture; for to the holy city of Russia the Victorian capital is indebted for one of its popular and accomplished Rabbis. The Rev. J. Lenzer came to Australia seven years ago with a knowledge of Dickens and Shakespeare, but no acquaintance with the English language ! The statement sounds queer, but it is true. He had read Pick wick and Hamlet in Russian, and become acquainted with Sam Weller, and the ghost of Hamlet’s father—what a pair to be found together!—attired in Russian clothes. But, now, we have Mr. Lenzer in our midst, not only reading in Hebrew, but preaching in English ; and, having resigned his allegiance to the Czar of All the Russias, he has become a naturalized subject of Her Majesty the Queen of England and Empress of India. Mr. Lenzer was born in the township of Kritchev, district of Mohilev, Russia, in 1859. His education was principally Tal mudic. Mr. Lenzer’s principal place of education was the Jew ish Yeshiva or College at Vlozin. He left his father’s roof at the age of ten, and devoted his youth to the study of Hebrew litera ture, of the Talmud and commentaries upon it. The years be tween 1869 and 1872 he spent at schools or small colleges away from his birthplace ; then he went to the Yeshiva already men tioned, and at sixteen he was considered a fairly good Talmudic scholar. But, just at this period, he fell into ill- health, and was obliged to leave college and give up his studies. He now held a certificate from the Great Rabbi that he was well-versed in the books of the Talmud, and he left the Yeshiva with a diploma in a certain department of his studies. In 1879, when he was twenty years of age, he married into a worthy and respectable family, his bride being four years younger than himself. They believe in early marriages in the eastern world! “ Old bachelors,” such as we are acquainted with in England, are not numerous, and certainly not popular, in the Orient. While Rabbi Lenzer was acting as second Chazan in the Synagogue at Moscow maintained by M. Poliakoff, a local millionaire, he read of a reader and choir-leader being required for the East Melbourne Synagogue. He opened up negotiations with the congregation, which, in the correspondence that took place, was represented by Mr. Jacob Goldstein, now editor of the Australasian Hebrew at Sydney. He reached Melbourne just at the close of the International Exhibition of 1888. Mr. Lenzer was warmly received on his arrival in Melbourne, and was im mediately installed in the Albert-street Synagogue, as first reader and precentor. The preacher, at that time, was the Reverend Isidore Myers, and the second reader the Reverend S. Greenbaum. After eighteen months from Mr. Lenzer’s arrival, the Reverend I. Myers resigned the pastorship of the Synagogue, and went on an extended tour through Europe and America, where he is now lecturing on “ The Talmud.” After his arrival in Melbourne, Mr. Lenzer proceeded to study diligently the English language. Russians have a great facility for acquiring foreign tongues, and before he was here two years, he was able to make himself understood in English. He was able to preach in English, and many of his sermons were pub lished. He had for his tutor in his English studies Mr. Moses Moses, B.A. L.L.B., under whom he remained twelve months, with brilliant results. Mr. Lenzer was an indefatigable students He had already read Shakespeare in Russian. He now took up Samlet in English—studied it with extraordinary thoroughness, and spent six months over Shakespeare’s masterpiece alone ! Now, his chief mental recreation is reading the works of England’s greatest bard and those of Charles Dickens and Lord Byron. He has devoted much time to the study of anatomy, and is an expert in the religious rite of circumcision. Mr. Lenzer has a pleasant baritone voice, of power and com pass. We all know how superbly the grand opera is supported in Russia, and when it is mentioned that he received tempting offers from theatrical managers to appear upon the stage, it will be understood that he rejected invitations to wealth and fame. In person, he is above the middle height, and strongly built. He is of fair complexion, wears a full, light brown beard and long hair of the same tint, combed behind the ears and falling on the neck after the style of Russian priests. In manner, he is courteous and affable, good-humoured and fond of a joke. (Abridged from Melbourne Table Talk.) 