Short Story. A Distillery Ghost. It is not HPcesKtr.v In (Ills story that 1 conjugate my verb " to lie" In tin- past tense. In ract, il l« n inilnfnl subject to nip, so I will merely say Unit I »ui il tramp, of interest to in) one. except by cUnuoo tu tlu' farmer's dog <ir to police. Ou tliu particular day "f wllitU I speak I liail been walking since sun rise ulong roails where tin' lull dust ?spurted under my shuttling slops. anil .IVlll'fl' tlio sight !1 so",;lI*v I''01'''1 Aliade was as grateful us the clink of j Ice to tin' thirsty. j I carried a i-onij).! 111iiti In my pocket, a little flat, black companion, ;uid every ! now and then, when tin- prnspeet became unusually dry ami my Imager t"tl insist ent, 1 raised lo my H|** iliat mmii li >>lileli \ alone of all others liail been constant to nil!-till' IIIOIllll Of 111!' ItOtlll'. Towards afternoon. as 1 marched dog gedly oil, I became aware of a sudden cool lapping of shadow over my sbniilil vr, and glancing about 1 saw tlwt stisnu | ;wfls heating up lirlilnd mi'. I Hy some malevolent Inspiration 1 n1-1 nu'tiiberod having heard that on this j vary road stood rt illsusi'd distillery, a j favourite ri'Miiic-)>lari' for travellers of ni.v description. Not far abend was a vtamp )vin>' ' trees, ami behind tlirni rose tin' outline*! of mi old chimin'}-. 1 limrlivl towards tin* place. plunging through n tangle of dustv weeds. and. sine enough, thcri': stooil tin' building of which I was In search. lis sagging roof nml bursting ivall« green witli a in-. There were two holes ripped In the roof. staling deep mill empty iis the eyes of a skull. I crawled under the I door Just in time, for the next moment tin' rain caini' roaring down straight as | llielieil lead, Il milsl have been a dismal j |>liii-<> m host. but now. liinler the thick gfc.v mid drumming; rain-drops. it was particularly dispiriting. There were Wu rooms «n tiie lower tloor with no j visible means of cmiiHillllIenlliili lint a wide windows set III the wall. Till' glass Iianes were unbroken. and I lie room lie-1 lilml was perfectly dark. t'ontu'othig j these rooms with the aide was a rickety j Dtnlrcase. The earthen floor was covcr-1 ed with n daiili nii'rii of pale grass 'lilndes. I I'owored iigahiHt tin1 wall While tliv storm lumuicd and crackled over iny head, closing my eyes from Hine lo time ngallist llie shock of white flro iliat darted through (lie chinks anil under tlie iluor. Presently, as 1 sat wltli my liot lids drawn down. I fell it startling sense of; Home one looking rtl me: I turned ipilck- j ly towards tile window of which I have I spoken, and there, pressed against the] dark class, was a face. peering at me j steadily. oil. the horror of that face!) for. its I loaded, tin1 iiutUuen hegati to ? chance and grow, like some groat colour less jelly-a soft, human Jelly oimliw and ttpri'iidlug Hvrnss the pimes. i slml my eyes, mid ni.v heart liattcroil my rllis. Acal" I looked, sllll the face was there.: nllly this time (lie slack tiionlli drciv) liai'U In a slckenint: smile, and it rati nut Its Mile t»!i|!Uf. Ili'klni; Its luosc lips | ijiiietly. I starti'il to my fort with it cry. | mid as J did w> tlie window 1h>j;:III to #i1lde tip. 1 dropped (« tlie floor weak Willi fear. will <lie «a«Ii fell Into place nciiln. Then I realised tlinl 1 must lie there, absolute ly still, for If I rose, tlie window rose, too-lie there mid look, wlillc that face leered at me from ticlitnil tlie plans. (ly-and-liy If liepu) to move with n flaccid. ertutlnnus swavluc. 1 saw It liend over, anil raise somotliliii: from the floor, iwme tiling that had lieen a man. lint now liling ipiltc limply In Its mouth* It pressed Hip Imily npiiUwt flic window. langliliig Klletilly. nml I saw-myself! <!oil help nn>! for the tirst time In this world I looked into my own face. Myown face did I «a.v '! No. no ! Komi' bloated anl tiinl. purple, pimpled. Willi eyeballs so llliKid-sliot that tlie.v seenied to lie star-! ilic through a well of roil I a re. j How long I lay there T cannot tell. At lust 1 moved, and my lituid tnnelied nnmcthlng cold: It was my liotile. the companion of my wanderings. I held it up. mul saw that there was still a drop or two in It. I drained 11 to the dregs, and (lie glad lire wanned ilic and made nie titrong. At that moment the Thing began lo raise its pallid, horrible feelers, twist ing tlieni alionI the body II liclil, snap, ping the limbs off and dropping them into Its mouth, where the lvlne tongue caressed them hungrily. It had finished Its meal, but It s'llll kept llx vague eyes on n»'. and tlicn 1 realised Unit I was moving, slipping quietly towards It ! 1 clutched at the rotting slops, and tlicy cnitiililcil io l>rnwn powder in m.v linmls. ] ground my lingers Into tlie earth until there was n trail or bloody mud after me. Then I made one superhuman effort, dashed iv up the swaying utalrcase, mid broke In to the attic. 1 slammed tlie door .iiul threw myself llgalnsl It. for t bail seen thai arciirRed .window darl up with a crash :is 1 leaped, and I knew that the Tiling ; * would follow nie. and tear nn» to pieces, and plunge me into (Is iiinmh. and tliasli ami mangle me between lis tooth less glims! The room where I found myself was dim and wet. Between the ei'iiek« In Hie wall a flaming slrip or sunset glowed like il forge In the twilight. ICvcr.v breath of Nature was hushed now. the rnin came only In loosely 4d«wu gusts, tuul tlie thunder luv.l jud dered away into silence : my Intlr rose and ni.v flesh grew rough and ley. for on tlie stairway was a soft, creaking sound, then a sltvuly pushing agalnul tlie door. I liowled aloud ill my anguish, and ?ilic *rtu«V «f t»:: voice set tlw pluec bel lowing with echoes. My arms were lorn, anil the bones nearly snapping from the pressure, and still I roll the door opening, opening! There was a crunch-one rusty lilnge dropped clattering to the tloor. another mid for a moment the door totiered and fell forward, nearly crushing me : but. jio. I was loo ipilck. 1 was mad Willi fear, fine instant only we stood look ing at each other, the Tiling fraaioil In tlie empty door space, and I-a wild iioast crazed with the fiercest race In utlnet: then 1 plunged forward and oat through a rem In the torn linn riling. 1 felt (lie wood snap nml give, ami Ilic awful swoop of my full, and knew that the Tiling had hurled Itself after nie. t scrambled to my feet and went rush ing flying down tlie empty road. The wet bushes slapped m>- face and clung, clammy as dead hands .' it would Jnivo stopped my flight, n id all the time ! heard the Thing b ' -ul me heard tlie plash of llie pad'" m iir II trailed through them and t!... :>cnt of Its formless slops. moo& jvm tiling acton tin md, a erc.it swollen disk, winculne anil tlii'outenihf. I nlier every seem- : I lie Jerky flilliiiK or a kit, the iliirlc sjira.v of mini' IIIIIIKIII!; vim', iiml tlic pounding; <>r my own st<-|is. I miieni lier <-ateliiiij; my riinci'il in a ruui Unit luul cnivvh'd urn fvuiii tlic ami lii'iiriii^ a deep. Iiiiri llili' clmekle ; I lien I Ml forward-and ii'iiii'inlii'i' no IIIIIIK more. II was IIIIiIIIIkIII when I I aim1 run HrimiK iignlli. Till' IMIMIII luld sll I'll Ilk III In llii' nenltli. ami was Imikiiif: al iin1 Willi lis little while vjv. 1 was very weak, ami my lisnuls wen' si 10' wiili (li'.r IIIIIKII. 'I'lieie was mil a living lliinc In sijrlil. only (lie pale rllitnin of Hie de serted I'n,'id and Hie jiray llelils slreleli ing away to (lie sky. l''nr mi my lo-rt. stuml a dump nf pine trees ; lielilml lliem ruse tile outlines of nil uiil elilnitii'v, mill, sick ns 1 was. I Well! lioldiliiiK flmincli the nl^lil till tin* plaeo was lust In view. Tln'ii I erawled into a ala ni|> liayriW;- anil slept.-.liilie Clossou Kenl.v, ill the " Weekly Still." 