The Story of Heine’s Loves. From his infancy Harry Heine evinced an aved liking for the weird tales of ghostly visitation, and wondrous witchcraft of which the popular German fancy has ever been the fecund matrix. All the efforts of the clever, materialistic Frau Heine were bent to preserve the imaginative lad from indulgence in these mischiexous aids to an already too-fertile fancy. She did not trouble much about Harry’s religious instruction, but she did not, by any means, desire that he should revel in the coarse paganism of German folk-lore. Unfortunately it was not only German folk-lore on which he fed—it was the Teutonic paganism grafted on an Eastern imagination and entwined with Eastern mysticism and demorology. Good Frau Heine had forgotten Zippel and her cronies. Zippel (Sybilla) was middle-aged, an old retainer of the family, a Tenton-Hebrew to the core, and had been Harry’s nurse. Of course, she knew all the folk-lore and ghost-stories current at the time, and probably much that was curious and useless, if not mischievous, about Shaidim and Mazzikim. She believed in them all. Naturally she was a crony of all the witches, black, white, and grey, of the country side, and, equally naturally, she took them into her counsel to se cure the well-being of her young charge. A certain small inci dent4 which reads remarkably like one of Rudgard Kipling’s Hindoo-women tales, alarmed Zippel and Harry With the awful thought that he had been 44 over- looked”—subjected to the A-yin-Kora.” Something had to be done, and without delay. The afflicted lad was secretly taken to consult the renowned Hexe von Goch—that 4 witch of Goch whose mighty powers of magic had won for her the distinctive title of 44 The Mistress ”— a racial deeendant of the Witch of Endor, (Was the latter a Hebrew ?) The Gochin counteracted the evil influence by simple charms. Now the 4 Machashaifa ’ had a neice—and thereby hangs the tale. Harry was strongly attracted by the strange appear ance and uncanny history of this orphan girl, and improved the acquaintance into a familiar friendship (if nothing more) which lasted a long time. Her late lamented father had been the public executioner. Like the lady of the grammar- schoolboys’ song, she was44 tall and slender.” She was also 44 statuesque, pale beautiful features, skin of a dull changing white, great dark mysterious eyes always asking riddles of the observer, crimson lips of the true curve, a great mass of carmine (4 perfectly blood-red ’ Heine calls it) hair, and—all the rest of it, Josepha was her name. Her late father’s calling and her present aunt’s repute forced her into a very solitary mode of life. The had no human play mates even in her dreams ; for, very naturally, wholesome children of the mere ordinary, muckled-mouthed, freckle-faced, hag-headed type avoided her. 4 Reel Sefchen,” as she was called, knew all the witch-stories, incantations, ghost-and-murder yarns and falklore ballads, if she knew little else. Need it be mentioned that as Harry grew on to his fifteenth year he fell in love with the maiden -of the lithe figure, clinging garments, and ‘riddle-rede* eyes? Hardly. Every rightly consituted and intelligent reader has already guessed that much. We have a long and circumstantial account—in which an executioner’s sword, dead malefactors* fingers, and other excellent 4 properties * play prominent parts— of how these two queer young ones enchanged their first kiss. And here is the right place to remark that Heine really appears to have been too much addicted to kissing young ladies—all of whom, according to his account, were of Ravishing Beauty. He •commenced the practice young and kept it up as late as possible. He kissed them in every clime and of every complexion, and duly recorded each occasion in the most delightful verses. This was amiable weakness, but still weakness. The stern moralist can not view the practice (not only of kissing, but also of telling) without reprobation. When we consider how many young men are forced to deny themselves the rapture of kissing hard featured young women, for fear of the breach-of-promise court. Heine’s example must be pronounced pernicious. It may be argued that he helped to maintain a proper average, but it must be conceded that he had more than his fair share. A year had scarcely elapsed, and he had forgotten Josepha, legends, ballads, red hair, nightmares, and all. He had fallen in love again. This time it was a grand passion—but, alas ! it was unrequited. He has expressed the philosophy of the position in one of his best known little lyrics, so charmingly simple and yet so universally true, that it speaks straight to the heart and experience of all. Of course the very simplicity and universality of such poems increase the difficulty of rendering them into a foreign tongue. They are most baffling to the translator. Their charm defies analysis, and, unless the rendering is to be free be yond privilege it must always be cold, stilted, and inadequate by comparison with the original. A young man loves a maiden : She hath another in view. That other loves another, And wedded are those two. The maiden marries, in anger, The next who comes to woo. The youth at this sore-griev’d is, But cannot the act undo. It is an old, old story, Yet it seems ever new, And to him to whom it happens— It breaks his heart in two. But at the time our poet did not take his disappointment calmly. A letter has been preserved in which the young poet ex presses his feelings - not wisely, but too well. It is addressed to Christian Sethe, and is endorsed “ 27th October, 1816.” “ She—loves—me—not ” / Dear Christian, say those words slowly, slowly. In the first is implied the whole Eternal living Heaven, in the last, the whole Eternal living Hell. ... I have seen her again— My body to the Devil! Let Hell my soul refuse— ’Gainst all the league of Evil, Her for mine own I’ll choose. Ha ! dost thou not shudder ? Shudder on ! I’ll shudder with. Burn this letter. God pardon my poor suff’ring soul! I have not written those words. There sat a pallid man in my seat— ’twas he wrote this letter. That happens, because ’tis midnight! 0, God! frenzy cannot sin—it knows not what it does. . . . Thou, thou, breathe not too strongly! I have built me a lovely House of Cards, and, on the topmost story I have placed myself with her in my arms. ... I am a mad chess player ! At the first move I’ve lost my Queen ! And yet I play on—without my queen ! Shall I go on playing ? . . And so on, and so on. Not bad for a youngster of seventeen ! Through all the droll exaggeration of this extravagant letter, through all the effervesence of the young poet rejoicing in his first strong emotion, we can read how real and true was his passion. Its object is now universally held to have been his cousin Amalie, the third daughter of the banker, Soloman Heine. Whether she ever encouraged him, or whether his love was, from the first, hopeless, it boots not now to enquire. Let us be satisfied with this. The world owes its sweet singer to that misprized and mis placed affection. His best work, as poet, henceforth repeats what he felt. He crystallised his tears, he gave permanence to his sighs, every heart-beat he counted, every mood arrested, and all are tangible to us in his songs. It would serve no purpose to ad here closely to chronological order in our reproductions of his verses. A song written years after the • blow which gave him such keen anguish may be more intimately connected with the incident than scores of intervening lyrics. The following shows how, even after the lapse of many years, the pain was liable to acute recrudescence: Philistia, in Sunday frock-coats, Wanders by wold and burn, Shouting and skipping like rock-goats, And greeting the sweet Spring’s return. • Observing thro’ eyelids blinking The romance of Nature around, The while the long ears are drinking The song-bird’s joyous sound. But with darkest curtain I cover My casement to darken the day,— For spectres pale, there hover Due visits to me to pay. Th’ old Love grows quick and throbbing And climbs from the Dead-Sea shore, Creeps to me, sobbing, sobbing— And oh, my heart is sore ! This want of harmony with Nature, and loss of sympathy with humanity grows stronger in our poet with the lapse of years. That he felt he had been wronged, that the injury had reached the best part of his being, would appear from songs like this : I know a sad old tale Of a true and faithful Knight, He lay, love-wounded, pale; But She was faithless—light. She false, he must despise The love his true heart held ; Was infamous, in his eyes, The woe in his breast that well’d. Was fain in the lists to ride, And challenge to the fight. “ Let him prepare,” he cried, “ Who holds my lady—light!” But all would silent be, Tho’ not his pain-wrung breast! Against his own heart he Must lay his lance in rest. Here is another: So thou hast forgotten, forgotten wholly, That I so long thy heart held solely ? That heart so sweet, and false, and free, That naught could sweeter or falser be. So thou hast forgot both the love and the woe, That still my heart are distressing so ? I know not if love be greater, or woe— That both are measureless, I know. He claims to have remained always true. Years after he thus repeats his vows: Lovely, bright, and golden star Greet my darling now afar ; Tell her that, tho’ pale of hue, Sick at heart, I’m always true. None can real these and many others of a similar character without feeling the certainty that he wrote from the heart. These lyrics are not merely poetical exercises, they are not the efflor escence of passing moods, or vanishing sympathies. However dainty and careful their diction, they spring from the fountains of his heart’s sufferings, express a real grief, are tinged with a real bitterness. Yorkshire pudding (without milk). Put three large table spoonfuls of flour and a little salt into a basin and stir it gradu ally into a stiff batter with a pint of cold water, then add four well-beaten eggs, and beat for a few minutes, pour the mixture into a tin baking dish well greased with dripping, and bake for an hour in a moderate oven, then place it under the roasting beef to catch the gravy. 