TO WIN TALK. The following news matter appears on the fourth page of this issue Commer cial, Railway "Wool Freights, Geelong Police Court, A Victorian Mount Morgan, Bellarino Shire Council, The Convict Butler, A Ballarat Ghost, Correspondence (Shooting Starved Pigeons : A Protest.) A call of the Geelong Town Council has been made for 3 o'clock on Monday afternoon next for the purpose of fixing the number of debentures in connection with the £2000 loan, floated on the 4th ult., at 20 of £100 each, instead of -10 of £50 each, as originally arranged. The council will also consider and order on the appointment of an alderman for Bellerino ward in place of Mr G. M. Cainphell (resigned). An inspection of the Geelong battery will be made on Friday evening, 12th inst., by Colonel Bingham, the Imperial officer engaged in connection with the Victorian Artillery force. The members of the battery are to parudo in marching order for the occasion. Geelong is proud of its Artillery band, but it is rarely that a baudmostor receives compliments oxpressed in so substantial a mannor as that which has been paid by Dr Max "Wall to tlie musicians under the leadership of Mr Graves. In letter | addressed to the commanding officer of the battery, Dr Wall stated that lie and his wife had derived great pleasure from the open air performances by .the band, and, as an earnest of their appreciation, desired that a cheque for five guineas accompanying the letter should ho de voted to the band funds. The doctor, as is well known, belongs to a nation that is essentially musical, but if lie indioates the spirit of tlie public at largo the insti tution of a town band, about which so much has been heard, should he merely a matter of organisation. The phenomenal downpour experienced in this distinct about the luiddlo of last month resulted in the Bellarinc sliire council being flooded yesterday with correspondence fiom ratepayers in various parts of the uiuncipality who were anxious for alterations of the drainage arrangements in the neighborhood of their tenements. The engineer's report swelled to a very considerable extent through the same cause, a formidable list of recommendations being mad? for the repair of drains and crossings, which in some instances had been quite eftaced by the flood waters. Fortunately the down pour, which so severely tests the engi neering works of a sliire, is of rare occurrence. As it was, the council found the task of cutting its municipal coat according to its financial measure, one of considerable difficulty. According to the health officer for the Bollarinc shire the fact that the munici pality had been declared affected with fever did not appear to he generally known to the residents of the shire. As parents who neglect to report tlio occur rence of a case amongst the members of their own household are liable to a severe poualt.v it was decided that the require ments of the Health Act in this respect should he brought under the notice of the public by placard and advertisement. The rainfall registered at the Lovely Banks reservoir for the month of May was 4-3G inches. The rainfall registered for the same month in 1S95 was 1'09 inches. The quantity registered up to end of May for the present year is liS'29 inches, whilst that for the corresponding period of 1S95 was only 5'52 inches, c difference of 7'77 inches in favor of the present year. The correctness of Mr T. N. Whyte's law in regard to a poiut raised by him in the police court yesterday was, curiously enough, being upheld by the Chief Justice in Melbourne whilst it was in j dispute in Geelong. It was contended by Mr Mbyte that the sergeant, of police could not act as prosecuting officer in a case in which ho was not informant, and a decision was given by Sir John Madden in favor of the same contention raised in an appeal ease brought boforo him yesterday. The Royal Institution for the Blind is one of those that has a claim upon the sympathies of everyone in the com munity, and it is hoped that the concert by pupils of that institution in the Mechanics' Hall this evening will bo largely attended. An attractive pro gramme of vocal and instrumental imisio has been arranged for the occasion, and an exhibition of skill in basket making will also be given. The directors of the Western Sea Bath ing Company arc in a position to recom mend the payment of a dividend of lid per share at the annual meeting to ho held at S o'clock on Monday evening.; The larceny of jewellery to the value of £130 has been reported to the polico by Mrs Melvin', of Hearno Hill. The property referred to was stolen between tlio 1st March and the 1st Juno of the present year. Yesterday forenoon an accident hap pened in Ryrie-strcet, opposite tho premises of Mr Danl. Murray, jeweller, to Mr A. H. Jones' conveyance. The liorse all ached to Mr Jones' cart was being driven across the road, when the horse slipped on the wooden pavement on the centre of the road and came clown. The driver of the horse, n young mau named Lowe, was thrown off the vehicle, but not injured, and tho liorse attached to Mr Jones' trap was secured before any damage was done. The rainfall at " Barrabnol House,' Higliloii, for the mouth of May, 189G, was 4-95in ; for 1S95, l'OOin. Total for tho year, 189G, 15'07in; 1395, 5'23in. Oil Saturday last, Mr Agnew, mining inspector, visited Rokowood, and inspec ted tlio plant just completed for the Iiokewood Consols Company. Mr Agnew was apparently perfectly satisfied. The plant lias been erected by Mr M'Grogor, ' under tho supervision of Mr D. Millilcen, consulting engineer, and is tlie most complete mining plant as yet in tlio dis trict. Sinking has been commenced. Last Tuesday two deaths of old Ballarat residents occurred in tho goldfields hospi tal. Henry M'Keuzie, aged eighty-four years, of Buninyong; and John Walker, no aged colored man, who hailed from Happy Valley. After a residence in the Ballarut district of forty-six years, ho succumbed to old age. Walker in his youth escaped from slavery in America, and he followed the occupation of a miner during his residence in the colony. Great dissatisfaction is being evinced amongst the officials at the Ballarat gaol (says the " Courier ") over the transfer of Mrs Purbrick, the matron, to Geelong, and the return of Mrs Herbert to Bal larat. Mrs Herbert's transfer from Bal larat was the outcome of an inquiry held at the gaol during the governorship of Mr Sheekan, since retired, and uow that a new governor nas Deen appouueu some influence has been brought to bear, it is alleged, to secure Mrs Herbert's return to Ballarat. Tbo transfer is not being made at Mrs Burbrick's request, as she is anxious to remain in Ballarat, for she has recently removed her furniture to Ballarat at considerable expense. Mrs Purbrick is supposed to tako up duty in Geelong on the 18th instant. Instances have come undor our notice from time to time in which extra postnge has been levied on communications going through tho packet post, oil the ground that as only portions of the envelopes at either end were cut away they were technically " closed against inspection." The postal regulations provide that packets must be completely open at one end, so that the contents may be readily withdrawn, but it may be pointed out to the postal authorities that there is no occasion for the rule to be so stringently interpreted as at present. It is a common thing for persons issuing circulars to clip tho envelopes containing them to indi cate that they are open communications, and there is no reason why ono of the openings should not bo enlarged in the department in any case where absolute inspection is desired. There seems to be room (writes the *' Argus") for the exercise of a little common sense in tho ; matter. In allocating the grant to technical schools this year the Minister of Public Instruction has made a slight departure. Hitherto the grant has been paid on at tendance and results, but the Minister has decided that in future there shall be a fixed grant. Au order was passed at Tuesday's meeting of the Executive Council, distributing the subsidy as follow. Ballarat, £1850; Bairnsdale £450; Bendigo, £1300; Castlemaine,' A4/U ; Daylesford, £275 ; Goolong, £250 • Horsham, £300 ; Kyneton, £300 ; Mary borough, £250; Sale, £600; Stawell, £<50; St. Arnaud, £175; Melbourne \\\ orking Men's College, £2600 ; Ballarat East, £350 ; Ballarat West, £700 • Echuca, £100; Nhill, £150; Wanmm' bool, £125. A correspondent at Dereel writing with regard to the mining prospects at that place says:—"Tho intimation that a number of the leases sipplied for in this district will be granted shortly has given a great amount of satisfaction ; although plospectiug has boon going on since they were applied for, Tho Tim's Lucky party had about 52oz of gold from about four loads of quartz. The stuff was taken from the surface, close to whore the bi<\- I find was made, and washed in a trough and cradle; but the debris will he treated later on bj' the battery. The prospects are improving considerably at the claim i r vUe^y Brothers. They have ono shaft down about 17 feet, and have pi oved the lode gold •bearing down to the above depth. On Friday some splendid prospects wuro obtained. The gold is firmly embedded in the solid stone. Kennedy and party have their shaft now dowji about-13 feet, and intend to start duving for the lode this week, which they expect- to reach in about 10 feet. Hunter and Son on the east of the Tim's Luckv have a strong body of stone showing at a depth of about 6 feet; the stone goin°* down from the surface. The quartz is highly mineralised, and carries a little gold." Correspondents sending paragraphs for this column relating to Societies, Church Unions, Louies, etc., vill please observe that no an nouiiccmcuts of events to tako place are admis sible m such paragraphs unless thoy refer to an advertisement in another part of tho paper. MessrsII. Blomfiold Brown and Co. will sell by auction on Saturday, Juno 13th, in the rooms, a valnaWo grazing and agricultural propci ty, particulars of which appear in the auction announcements. Attention is drawn to an advertisement in another column announcing a meeting of cm jiJoyrs to complete the arrangements for the monster iancy costume procession on the 17th Ii^tt.irI"?-!1"2 an»»Yorsary °f the Wednes day Half- holiday. It is desired that all em ployes will ho present, so that the organisation may bo as effective as possible. -?r tf. Richardson notilies his usual sale at Sain1"' orchard produce, this day, Messrs Hendy Lenry and Co. are advertis J"e\ot two brick cottages for salo at £io ami .£11) respectively The usual meeting of the Y.M.C.A. Mutual Improvement Association was held on Monday evening, when Mr Muuccy (vice-president) occupied tho chair in the absence through ill ness of the president. It was announced that various lectures were bouig arranged for the winter months. The subject for too evening "''J3 . ,I0.„r.e!l<lm!!1 ciyulB hook for the mouth, int. . Who made the Kew Testament," by SS ch W!,s wcl1 distussc'i tha Tho new Recreation Hall afc Batesford was the scone of a grand ball last Wodnesday even ing. Tbo gentlemen forming the committee of aid of°fhnIlf|l0U7 inaugurated tho affair in v ™ 'he funds and under their auspices a very considerable success was attained. The spacious and handsome new building was bril liantly lighted and decorated, and had quite a charming aspect. About 35 couples engaged m dancing, which was indulged m till the wee -ma hours. Mr Bruce Arnold acted in tho capacity of M.C., while Mr Collyor, of Moora stylo Dwnagetl t,le catering in his usual . invitation musical and elocutionary even ing m connection with the Christ Church Union was hold in tho schoolroom ou Tuesday evening last _ The Rev. W. I?. Cooling ocei. I °1 l.'T1' a £,w "ell chosen remarks, brought the union and its objects ' invST'I b' and earnestly in ted those who wore eligible to bscoi.re members. the musical and olocutionary items the Wlr rululon'1'; lu,d much appreciated by t o audience. Miss Goodman 'contributed ri Jnanoforte selection. Mr J G. Williams recited "The Fireman's Wed ding, and later m tlio evening " Casca." A very pleasing trio was given by Mrs Mk-U "V v H"1"1ay. ltIld Mr Stiuiesby. Miss Ber thou favored the audience with two elocutionary items. Mrs and Mr Stancsby rendered vocal selections, and Mr M'Cormaek pave a vocal solo. Tho Rev. Canon Goodman, in closing, made special reference to tho bene fits derived from an association such as Christ Church Union. A hearty vote of thanks was carried, with acclamation, on the motion of Mr II. Adams, seconded byMrH. Taylor, to those who hud so kiudly assisted during tho evening. 