(SSMRAL NEWS. Ektkkpbise Rewarded. ? Tbe enterprise of Messrs. M'Lean Bros, and Rigg, Limited, in opening a branch establish ment in. Perth, 'Western Aus tralia, has been already sub . stantially rewarded (says a Mel bonrne contemporary). The com pany has been fortunate in securing tte contracts of the Government of that colony for tbe next two years for general ironmongery, 'Manila. rope, kerosene, castor oil, cotton waste tanks, brushware, oils and paints, pipes and fittings, and fencing wire. It is 'roughly esti mated that the value of the stores to be supplied is between .£40,000 and jgSO.OOO. StnsDAT Services on theWatee. —The second of a series of Sunday services organised by Captain T. 'W. Smith, of Fremantle, in con nection with the sailing vessels lying in the Port, will be held next Sunday afternoon on board the barque Ethelbert. The Rev. Mr. TTn.Tiiin has con sented to officiate, and will leave the south jetty in a boat at half past 3 o'clock on Sunday after .' noon. Captain Smith wishes us to Bay; that for the convenience of any persons who may wish to assist at the service, two .or three boats will foe in readiness. Saue of Cttt Peopeett. — Messrs. Lyall Hall and Co. an nounce the sale of a valuable block ?f city property, containing three acres, and having a frontage to Palmerston-street. The price paid ? was highly satisfactory. The pur chasers are the owners of the adjoining four acres, known as Gallop's Gardens, and we under stand that the entire block, which is to be called the Brooking Park Estate, will at once be (subdivided, and sold in blocks to suit pur chases. Home fob Incttbabi.es. — The Hostel of the Good Shepherd is to be opened in Pier-street this month for the reception of incurable and dying persons, whose only qualifi cation 'will be poverty and disease. The institution, will be conducted by an order of ladies, and the patients will be attended by pror perly trained nurses. The sum of .£200 is in hand, and ,£100 more is needed for the first year's ex penses. There will probably be ?two wards in the building. Num bersof people are discharged from the hospitals weekly as incurable, and it is especially for the benefit . of these people that the home is established. WJL Rowing Club Bail. — The I annual ball of the W.A. Bowing f dub was held on Sept 3rd at St. George's HalL The ballroom had \- been made to look bright with palms and tree-fern decorations, .' and when the dating began it presented a gay spectacle. There were over 100 couples on the floor, ' and the dancing space was fully taxed. Indeed, so large was the number of dancers that many sought the spacious balcony, which [ had been - enclosed, lavishly deco rated, and lit up with fairy-lamps. .^Lmong the company were Miss Gerard Smith, Mr. Gerard Smith, omd Captain de Satge, from Gov . srnment - house, Lady Forrest, Xady Lee Steere, Mr. and Mrs. Walter James, and Mr. and Mrs. A^pi' Thompson. The music was supplied by Mr. Hawkins's excellent orchestra, and tbe catering was in ? the hands of Mssdames 'Wilkinson, S. H. Parker, and Willis, the ar rangements in that department being supervised by Mr. W. J. Farley. Credit is due to the com : '? mittee pad Mr. Frank Parker, who acted as secretary, in the absence of Mr. R. Cobham. Chokax Society. — An interest ing development has taken place in \- the movement that was recency started for the establishment of a 'new choral society in Perth. As ,~ a result of certain approaches made \- by the provisional committee of ^-'tibenewbody, theHighgate Musical ?'? ' Society has consented to an amal gamation ; and the Perth Musical -. Union, which is still in existence, *; . 'though it has been fcr some time '/?_- in recess, will consider a similar ? course at a committee meeting to be held to-day. So far no definite £ step has been taken as to the ap ' pomtment of a conductor, although ?; the name of Herr Otto Linden is '4 generally mentioned as the one to ; -whom the post will be offered. But ? this matter will be definitely settled at the next meeting of the society '?; ia St. George's Cathedral School ,, Toom on Monday evening, when the provisional committee willpre ;, sent the. draft constitution and \- rules. GOI.DFIEI.DS WiTEE Supply te. Scheme. — The Premier on Sep. 3 i.'. received the following telegram , from H. D. Thompson, president of i* .$fae 'Bffiiia Managers* Institute, Cool ??-'? gardie: — 'lam requested by the :;?/ members of the Mine Managers, si- Institute of Western Australia to . convey to yon the expression of %-, their hearty approval, after mature ?--consideration, of your goldfields ?; ??water-supply scheme.' Sir John ??' Forrest replied to Mr. Thompson \--;; as follows: — 'I thank the mem -? bers of the Mine Managers9 Insti Syjfcute for their expression of approval v; of the proposed, goldfields water s' supply scheme now under the 5« consideration of Parliament. I am 5/- glad that the Government is acting 3f-.m accord with the views of the Inexperienced body of vrhieh you are |j'-~ifbe president, and I feel sure that jr^our united efforts will be success Irfed, and will result in a new era of $7:±xuieaeaajar.to the colony at large.'; The Government Geologist. — The Brisbane Courier says: — Mr. A. Gibb Maitland, one of our assistant Government geologists, has received the appointment of Government geologist of Western Australia. Mr. Maitland has been in the service of this colony for nearly eight years, and will carry with him the best wishes for his future success. He has just com pleted some important work in the Gulf districts, and is on his way south. A New Swindle. — Thus a Mel bourne paper : — The latest little swindle appears to be in the nature of an alleged corn cure. A lady writes in from an eastern suburb to say that she bought a box supposed to contain a cure for corns. ' The little box, being fitted together tightly, was difficult to open. When opened it was empty. Purchasers of a corn cure in a box should therefore, before paying over their money, see that there is something in the box. Successful Exhibitoes. — Messrs. Daniel White and Co., Limited, carriage builders, of this city, have been very successful at the Royal Agricultural Society's Show now being held in Melbourne. Their 14 exhibits gained against spirited competition no fewer than eight first prizes, including the only gold medal given in the carriage class, three second prizes, and three ' highly commended.' It is pleasing to note that this firm Tnq.inta.iTis the high standard of workmanship which its vehicles have borne, in the past. We are informed that most of the prize vehicles are destined for this colony. Taebpf Reform.— The bill for the remission of the duty on 'certain articles and things ' was introduced in the Legislative As sembly on Sep. 3 by the Premier. The schedule of the bill shows that the 'certain articles and things ' are as follow : — Agricultural, horticultural (not garden Tollers), and viticultural implements and machinery, and parts of same; asbestos, bellows, belting for machinery, bench screws, blocks and sheaves, boiler fluid ; boners (steam and parts of), n.o.e. ; bookbinders' machinery and materials, n.o.e. ; candlemakers' materials, including candlewick, cardboard, candle wrappers, candle labels, tissue paper for wrapping, and Japan wax; cardboard for boxmaking : carriage and cart makers' materials, n.o.e. ; cotton waste, crucibles, cyanide, dyers' materials, electrical machinery, emery-wheels, engine-packing, files, fireclay ; flock, kapok, and horse hair; forges, anvils, and vices; furniture-makers' materials, n.O.e. ; grindery (shoemakers') ; hose of- all kinds, n.o.e. ; jacks and winches (lifting), lead piping; lithographic macdinery, presses, and ma terials, including stones; ma chinery and parts of, n.o.e.; millstones; mining machinery of all kinds, and parts thereof, n.o.e.; nails, screws, tacks, bolts, nuts, rivets, spikes, and washers ; oakum; oil, cod, in bulk, fish, vegetable, and turpentine ; paper (imprinted) in the flat, in original wrappers, n.o.e. ; printing machinery, presses, type, and material, n.o.e. ; pumps and apparatus for raising water, n,o.e. ; quicksilver, resin, retorts, saddlers' materials, furniture, iron mongery, sieves of all kinds, gilk for flour dressing; smelting material, n.o.e.; soapmakers' ma terials, including caustic soda, resin, cocoanut oil, palm oil, and olein; soda-ash and nitrate of potash, soda crystals ; tanning materials — sumach, myrobalans, valonia ; telegraph and telephone material, including instruments ; timber in short lengths for case-making'; tin (block and foil) ; tools, and parts thereof, andhandles ; winches and jacks (lifting) ; wire cloth, gauges, and screens for quartz crushing ; wire rope. KixaooBUE Railway Open ing. — Up to September 3rd the general traffic manager of the railways (Mr. John Davies) bad received about 150 applications for sleeping berths in the special train that will convey to Kalgooriie those who have accepted invitations to be present at the ceremony in connection with the opening of the railway there. Provision has been made for about 200, and it is expected that the 'special' will be the largest train that has ever left the Perth station. The catering for the journey to and from Kalgooriie will be in the hands of Mr. W. Kitchener, the Parliamentary caterer. Provision will be made for 200 people. The first stoppage of any duration on the journey to the fields will be made at Northani, where luncheon will be obtained. The visitors will be divided amons- the four hotels there. A stay of an hour and a half will be made at Southern Cross, where dinner will be partaken of. From there the train will ran straight through to Coolgardie, where breakfast will be served on the following morning. Refreshments will also be obtainable on the train. The return journey will be com menced on Friday night, in order that the city may be reached on Saturday evening. Our Kalgooriie correspondent tele graphed last night- — A train ar rived to-day at Kalgooriie with passengers, *and from Saturday next a passenger and goods train will run regularly. Many forward ing agents, livery-stable keepers, and others have shifted their head branches to' Kalgooriie from Cooi gardie. For the future, all the Bardoc, Black Flag, and Broad Arrow traffic will come to Kal gooriie. Adelaide Mayoral Ball. — Our Adelaide correspondent tele graphed on Sept. 3rd that the ball given by the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. Charles Tucker, had proved a great success. A Pardonable Canabd. — In the South Australian Legislative Assembly on Sep. 3, the Minister of Education denied that Western Australian telegrams had ever been received in. Adelaide by post, and he aimed that the South Aus tralian officials at Eucla did all in their power to prevent the delay of the messages. South Austealiax Railways. — The report of the South' Austra- lian Railway Commissioners shows that the revenue during the rear, exclusive of the Palmerston. line, amounted to .£986,500, being -£26;345 more than was -received during the preceding year. The expenditure,amounting to .£583,022, represented an increase of ,£14,049. Too Much Expected from W:A.— On Sep. 3 in the South Australian Legislative Assembly the debate on the budget was re sumed by Mr. Hague, who stated that too much was expected from the Western Australian boom, and he' affirmed that every ounce of gold raised in Western Australia bad cost .£20. Passengers fboh Goolgabxhe. — A' large number of prominent mining men and other well-known people left Coolgardie for Perth. Among those who took their departure were Messrs. Kaufmans, George Gray, Zebina Lane, Blake (hotelkeeper at Menzies,who has disposed of his property for a large snm), Richard Speight (ex manager of the Victorian railways), A. J. Diamond, of Fremantle, and a newly-wedded couple, Cr. and Mrs. Gregory. Wedding at Coolgardfe. — At the Presbyterian Church, Cool gardie, on Sep. 3, Cr. Gregory was married to Mrs. Taylor, late of the public hospital The Rev. Mr. Burns was the officiating clerav man, -and Captain Pearce. a very old friend of the bride, gave her away. Miss Jones, of the hospital, was lady attendant, while Mr. D. M. Maxwell, a former partner of Cr. Gregory, acted as best man All the hospital nurses attended in a body. A very large number of Cool gardie people were presentto see the haPPy P2*1* on° by the train, and the hearty hand-shaking given to the bridegroom was nearly the cause of his being left behind. The train started while be was still on the platform, but - the driver fortu nately noticed the frantic signals of the onlookers, and slowed, down the train, enabling the councillor to rejoin his' bride. . Camels at Coolgardie. — The camels belonging to Nasa Mahomet which were the occasion of the stock inspector's visit to Broad Arrow, are all on the quar antine ground (reports our. Cool gardie correspondent). The inspector saw one of them on. Wednesday, and ordered it to be taken out there. The owner of the a.nima.lB promised to have the others taken to the spot also. About 16,000 acres, some 12 miles to the north of the town, have been made available for a quarantine ground for camels. Inspector M'Kenna on Thursday arrested the Afghan Hursullah, whom he found, in possession of one of the Govern ment camels which had been missed from Kurnalpi. Hursullah will be brought before the court to-day. The inspector of stock had much trouble in combating with the traditional notions of the Afghans, as to the manner in which their camels .ought to be treated when out of health. No matter what ailment, real or imaginary, there may be, their one recipe is to fire the animal's flesh with red-hot irons, or to scald it with boiling tar, or boiling oil. Occasionally the poor brutes are fired all over the head and shoulders for the purpose . of keeping ghosts away. Europeans who go into the trade fall into the error occasionally of following too much the advice of their Afghan employes, to the great detriment of their stock. Poisoning Cases at Cool gabdie. — A-n alarming develop ment of the vexed meat question took place at Coolgardie on 2nd Sept., -when it became known that a number of persons in the town had been suddenly seized with painful symptoms of poisoning by ptomaine. No fewer than 13 cases were reported to Dr. Ellis, tbe health officer. As several cases oc curred in the same household, the cause was ascertained without trouble. The source of the dan gerous disorder was discovered to be locally cured tongue, which had begun to decay inside. It appears that six other tongues put in the same pickle with the affected joint also became impreg nated with poison. This happened at a well-known restaurant 'in the town, several inmates of which, having partaken of these tongues, were suddenly seized with severe stomachic cramp, accompanied with great pain, the son of the pro prietor being the principal sufferer. Some -of the persons who purchased portions of the meat at the estab lishment in question were similarly affected. In the case of one of three ladies living on the Londonderry road, the seizure was so severe and protracted as to give rise to fe^rs as to her recovery. Fortunately, however, medical aid was promptly obtainable, and in all the reported cases relief was ultimately given to the sufferers. Several of' the local medical men had cases brought under their notice, and a public inquiry will be held* The Ceemoene Estate. — This valuable estate, situated in the heart of South Perth, is to be offered for private sale in the course of a few days. Plans of this fine subdivision are now in the course of preparation, and will be available early next week. The estate con tains about half-a-mile of river frontages, and a large number of well-situated subdivisional blocks, all of which are likely to find a ready sale. The water frontages are in particularly good demand, as the greater portion of the Government land fronting the water was long ago withdrawn from sale, and the Cremorne Estate blocks are the last available in this charming locality. Particulars of the sale are announced in our ad vertising columns. Social at Subiaco. — A social in connection with the Church of Eng land at Subiaco was held in the local hall on Wednesday, Sept. 3, when there was a large attendance. The musical programme was under taken by the Misses Stone, the Revs. J. Ellis and R. J. Coyle, Miss Hewitson, and Mr. Slad.es. Refreshments were provided by the ladies connected with the church, and a very pleasant evening was spent. Aborigines* Protection Boabd. — In the Legislative As sembly last evening a message was received from His Excellency the Governor, forwarding further cor-' respondenee on the subject of the position of tbe Aborigines' Protec tion Board of the colony, including the reply of the Secretary of State for the Colonies to the petition passed by the House in October last. The Premier stated that printed copies of the correspon dence would be forwarded to mem bers on the following day. Mining Accident near Cool gabdie. — A serious accident hap pened at Tindals Extended mine, Coolgardie, yesterday, when a miner named John Kidd. sustained a fractured leg. The accident took place at the 115ft. level, and was the result of a fall of earth in the crosscut, about lewt. falling, and catching Kidd in a stooping posi tion, thereby causing a breakage of the small bone near the ankle. The patient was removed to the Government Hospital. Captain Fowler visited the mine, and ex pressed himself satisfied that all reasonable precautions had been taken against accidents. Chess Match. — The chess match between the Perth and Fremantle Clubs was played at the Trinity Congregational Church schoolroom this evening. The following were the respective teams' in. the order in which they will play: — Perth. — Siebenhaar,Colebatch, HiH, Domela, Farrington, Butter, Beny, Hussey, Byass, Gorton, Hamel, Gamble, Joscelyne, Wallis, ' Barlee, Stevens, and Hood. Fremantle. — Gros venor, Pedersen, Ryan, Delobery, Webber, Virgin, Temple, Berling, Forster, Captain Russell, Griffiths, Forbes, Waddington, Arnold, Wat son, Needhani, and * Underwood. Very keen interest is being taken in the match. Mr. Horatio Eofcson annetmces that the sale of tbe Bower Bicton Estate, near Fre mantle, trill take place at an early date. 