A Midnight Adventure. Five o'clock tea was in full swing. Near the gipsy table wero grouped two pretty girls, tlio daughters of the hous\ and two exceedingly good looking men. Herbert and Gerald Thornton were sons of one of tho Smiiro's oldest friends, and had been spending the shooting season in the old manor-house. It was October 31, and the conver sation had been turned adroitly by Edith Morctin upon the subject of All Hallow's Eve and its superstitions, and the arguments were growing heated. , ? : ? . : 1 , it 1 . i » ?? 1 _ _i_ ? I li_ ~ ' it s an ijosu, ueuHU'uu uijuue stoutly. ' It's only women and chil dren who believe in such nonsense.' ' I should like to prove whether the superstitions of all Hallow's Eve are ruobish,' Edith said calmly, ' 'lhere is one that 1 was reading to-day in an old hot k which declares that if you go in to tho churchyard or a deep, dark wood at twelve o'clock, and walk in and out of the tombstones or tho trees, sowing hempseed and muttering some horrible doggerel ? verse, you will see vour future husband or wife, which ever the case may be. Now, I am r ady to try and prove it. Who will accompany me ?' Thu young lady paused and oast her dark ej es, full oE mischief, first upon her sister, then to the faces of the two young men. ;v 'H'lljCome with you, ; Edie,J replied Daisy, tlie'ydungest Miss Moreton, her blue-eves dancing with fun. ' Nonsense; girls,' fumed tho Squire. ' You will do nothing of the kind. What next?.F wonder ?' ' Well, if Daisy and I take (lie churchyard,' wont on Miss Moreton, calmly ignoring her father s excited .comment, v^ill -you ? men take, the wood ? Surely if we are not afraid you will not bo i' ? 1 ' Afraid ['.echoed Herbert, contempt uously. ' It will bo just a little adven ture. What say y'ou, Gerald ?' I say the same,' answered his brother ' If Edith and Daisy are de termined to go ghost hunting in tho churchyard, se will go ghost hunting likewise in the wood ' ' ' That's settled, then,' said Edith, an her usual- business-like manner. ? Now, promise, 011 your word of honour, that after tlio clock ha- gone 12:youi iwijl; come straight home and confess every thir'g. to mother aud .lather. . I'ro ,nis® v . , .) ;J I i'.'.i filOOif ? \Vu promise i\cnedjthe men solemidy .;/-( . The rest of the evening passod nu r- -, rily/aiulf-foon after/, eleven t.lio\iyoungf people we-nt'to*. their. -? respect ive * chain r bers to equip for * theira midnight journey. ,, j . , , , 'We had be'ter not stint 'out the ?same way,' said ..Edith in, passing. ' Daisy, and 1 will go, qut .jat o,no„ of the side doors, you'itivo at the 'front. Remember,; now;, you. are to. stay/in, the. wo d until the village .clock. /strikes' twelve, :and then jetur^n.h ime, and give, . a truthful aee'ount'of yourjelv' s.' Now, Daisy,' .warnea her sister, as they sped on side by .sule, f.-'donttqlo-e your presence 01 mma anu spoil, every- thing, for I am dying-to ta^e a rise out of those two conceited . young men. Oil yes. I'll own* 'they-are-iiice ; but I know that we've got to marry them someday, and they know it to, so let us take our good time now. we have the clianee. They fondly imagine that we are going to cool our heeLnin the , churchyard, instead of which we shall go straight to. the- -wood -and jfrighten them-nicely.' ? ? When they reached the entrance of tho wood they seperatedy Edith direct-, ing warnings to her sister with her last breath. At the same time Herbert and . Ger ald Thirnton were striding merrily to wards the churchyard. ' Ah! ah !' chuckled Herbert, '. we have been one too many this'tioic for the caprieious little coquettes. , They thought they would get us to kick our heels amongst those trees for half an hour. Wait until we dodge them amongst the tombstones.. - ... Tt was; vprr rl nrlc -in t.lip wood./ and and as poor little Daisy gropeil her w ay amongst the trees . : she wished liearlily that she was back in the warm dining-room at home. Presently, to her consternation and horror, she heard a footstep amongst ti e fallen leaves, and then described a tail cloaked figure approaching through the gloom towards her, waving its aims wildly about. Trembling, but plucking up the little courage she possessed, Daisy went forward to meet it, also waving her arms wildlv- aloft. . . . Nearer and nearer they crept ; then as Daisy was about to triumphantly reveal herself, she cunght her foot in a rabbit-hole, and tell headlong into' the figure's arms. ' Why, Edie !' gasped Daisy.' ' Why Daisy !' cried Edith, adding breathlessly and indignantly, 'Y'ou little donkey ! .Why did you throw yourself into my arms ?' ' T rll/Jn't fltBAiT? naiTcnlr T ? .T rail and I - have* hurt my foot,' .'groaned Daisy, sitting on the roots of ' a tree. ' 1 don't believe those wretches are hero at nil.' ' I don't believe they, are,' , agreed Edith, gloomily. Then as a/jthpught struck her she added — ' I'll rell you wlint, Daisy ; rthey have gone to tho churchyard, with the same idea we had when we cam'e; here — to play us a tiick. Quick, we shall see some fun yet ; let us hurry to .the churchyard.' ' Now, old man, you take the east portion of the yard, and I'll take the west,' said Gerald, as they climbed-the churchyard wall. ' Don't go ar.d spoil it until wo have well frightened the little ladies.'- 1 Thf»v f.Vi on HPnArnf.Pfl n.nfl ..IS 'fill ft church clock chimed 12 Herbert began a weird shamble amongst the tomb stones. He did this for some time, and just as his small stock of patience was vanishing he saw to his delight a shadowy form approaching him from an opposite direction. ' Which is it, I wonder?' lie thoughs ' Edith, I hope,' and foriwith went for ward to meet her, liis figure looming tall and big in tho gloom. The other ghostlv looking form- also advanced rapidly, and in . another second they had met. 'Ah! ah !!my little lady! I've got you at last, have I P'..* 'Well, my pretty mistress Daisy, so I've caught you, have I?' burst from them similtaneously ; and then thev separated as if shot, and exclaimecf, but in very different tones — 'Gerald!' ? ' Herbert 1 ' Perhaps you think you ere coming your poor schoolboy practical jokes on me,' went on Herbert, his ire rising rapidly as he felt tlie absurdity of the situation. . ' Look here, Herbert,' interrupted Gerald, ' we are- neither to blame ; we have been tricked again by those mis chievous girls.' ; f;1, At that moment an audible titter came from the.-shadow.of the yew-trees and without a word to each other tho two voting men rushed to the sound, only to see two blaclied-cloaked figures disappearing recklessly over the wall, and (lying down the road. In less bimo than it takes to tell, the two men were in pursuit, and soon had the wil ful girls clasped, in their arms. The Squire laughed heartily at the adventure, and so did Mrs., Moreton, and tlireo months later there was a double wedding in tho old church, and as they walked arm and arm down the p ithway the happy couples whispered 1 that they believed they owed their liap p'ness to their ramble amongst the tombstones that memorable ' All Hal- . low's Eve.' ,, l- - - -: 1 : -p* t 