ARMENIA A Caia to Tbaxkr. Christmas has gone, the New Year was come, and still the dreadful tragedy proceeds. An ancient Christian people is being plundered, starved, murdered, and martyred. This is happening in the sight of all Chris* tendorm "Withrts fall knowledge. Within the range of its public responsibility; Men are tortured, women are outraged, children are violated, homes are burnt. No one can doubt it. Consuls have reported it. Ambassadors have known it. Eve-witnesses have placarded it. Photographers have recorded the terrible proofs. These unhappy people for the most part are without arms, ana it-has only been in two or three exceptional cases that, after years of despairing appeals, they have turned on their oppressors. These outrages, barbarities, massacres still continue. The protest of the European powers has hitherto served only to intensify the horror or multiply the death. Thousands of men, women, children, homo less and foodless, are awaiting the terrors of an iron Asian winter. It is incredible, it is in tolerable, that Christendom should continue to look on in apathy and impotence at a sight so appalling. We most humbly and earnestly implore all those who influence the mind and direct the efforts of tho Church of Christ scattered throughout the world to draw the whole force of the Church's Corporate Prayer into an entreaty to God the Fathcr, and Christ our King, and the Holy Ghost the Comforter, that this shame may cease; that this crime may be' stayed ; and that wo may no longer, by our selfish indifference, our hindering jealousies, withhold the righteousness and compassion of God from coming to the succour of His people. Who are keeping fast their faith to the death. George Southwell, Bishop of Southwell and Notts; J. Hereford, Bishop of Hereford; E. Roffen, Bishop of Rochester; H. \V. Webb Peploe, Prebendary of St. Paul's; H. Scott Holland, Canon of St. Paul's; Charles Gore, Canon of Westminster; B;isii Wil her force. Canon of Westminster; W. Jf. Fremantle, Dean of Rif.on ; Malcolm M'eColl. Canon of R.ipon; Arthur T. Waugh, Archdeacon and Canon of Ripon; A. M. Fairbairn, D.D., Mansfield College, Oxford; Alexander Mnc kenna!, D.T>.. Bowden; Joseph Parker, D.D., City Temple; •!.' B. Paton. D.!)., Nottingham; W. F. Sloulton, D.D., Cambridge; Hugh Price -Hughes, West London Mission; .T Oswald Dykes, 3->.D., Principal English Pre hvterian College: J. Monro Gibson. D.D.: Clifford, D. D., Westbouvne Park Chapel, W F. B. Meyer, Christ Church, S. E. 