THE WIDE WORLD I ob3c: r*e that some external critic* were anxious to know what Bills I should explain to you on the present occasion (said Lord Salisbury in a speech at "Brighton). I am afraid I must refer to a very ancient story, viz., the story of King Henry IV. When he asked a"llayor for the keys, the Mayor said lie had eighteen reasons for not giving them; the first was that he had. got no kevs. upon which the King said he might dispense with the other seven ten reasons. That is precisely my con dition; I have got no bills. It is very early in the season: we are engaged in the manufacture; I have not seen even the raw article yet—(laughter)—and yon know that the finished product often differs considerably from the raw article* fHear. hear.) Therefore. I should be exceedingly rash if I attempted to pos sess you with any Bills. Sir Michael IIicks-Beach, the Chan cellor of rho Exchequer. has announc ed (says our London correspondent) that it; is not iiis intention propose a •ax on evelcs in his next budget- -'mn. minds have licon relieved l>7 :'n' nnnneenionr. and Lie sii:i{:oi\ei.- *’l tut Oovernmeiii also breathe more IreeliL as nothing would bring them into iuoh unpleasant relalioiis with the .g'O.11. bulk of l heir eonsiiiuetils limn a yo. e rast in favor of a e.yelo tax. B Bonert Towns proponed a lax on matehosjutiTUg. c-ienr to kill one 'Covemmeut. it is not di'fieult In prophesy the late <>t the Ministry that wouid alienate and send into opposition Hie great army of cy clists. And yet there are two classes of cyclists who might ho very legiti mately suhiected In taxation. Lhey are the reckless street-scon-hors and 1he advertising pedallists. T'lie former are not unknown'at the Antipodes, but I am not quite sure rfiat bicyclists- with soap and pill adVertisement-s between* llicir wheels have so far made their appearance in the*streets of Melbourne. j V,"ha r has become of Bonnor, tl:e*■ erst while chiunpion Australian slogger, ami! the only colonial' wlio lias no far suc ceeded in smashing tile clock a t Lords V The memory of the big Victorian hitter was revived (says our Loudon - corres pondent) on Saturday evening at a* din ner of tlie Johnson Club in Fleet [ street. Mr Augustine v.irrell, Q.G., | 31.B., told a very amusing anecdote. He [ said that Bonnot., when in Louden, | once attended the annual dinnerof the Johnson Club, blit he had not the ghost of a n idea who I)r.. Johnson was, and . he confidentially, assured Mr Birrefi that the vast majority of Australians sinned his ignorance in the matter—ii statement: Hint is certainly not strict gospel. However, when the dinner was over ami the big bitter had absorbed all the speeches in favor of the great lexicographer, lie rose, and assured the company that if he had not been Ccorge Bonner, tlie Australian, cricket er, lie would like to have been Dr. Samuel Johnson. Now, what does Bonnor say to this liltie fairy tale ? The fidelity with, which the British captain sticks to his ship in tlie hour of peril, and never thinks of his own safety until everybody else is out of danger lias become almost ns familiar as a proverb, and it is/very rare in deed (says our London correspondent) that a British skipper is guilty of con duct Mil: very reverse of tills. But a shocking case of a cowardly and .trai torous captain lias been before the courts this week. The vessel Why Not was found to be on* fire oft the coast of France, and Captain Wilkinson, in stead of heroically sticking to his post, jumped into the only available^ boat era1! 'fiSiTiorsV'pulled awa‘y“ie.*liing the unfortunate passengers to their fate. They somehow luckily managed to keep the flames under, and navigate the ship into a neighboring port. The chic ken-hearted captain, a disgrace to his profession, lias been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, which is cer tainly a very light punishment under the circumstances. The mate got uff with two months In connect ion with the last Hospital .Sunday in Loudon, the "Lancet’’ pub lished some valuable statistics concern ing tlie Metropolitan Hospitals. From these it appeared 'that the number of patients admitted 'into all -tlie London general hospitals during the previous year was 52.0S0, of whom 15,474 were relieved, 23,220 were cured, and -libit died. The average death rate was S.G per cent. An interesting fact -meu itioned was. that the Hospitatj which showed 'the -highest percentage of cures, and the lowest percentage of deaths was tlie Loudon Temperance Hospital, which deals with all kinds of diseases, accidents, and surgical cases, and where alcohol is used at all only as a drug in its pure form. The death rate in tills Institution was only 0.0 per There was a good deal of discussion last month at Derby among the leading owners about the newly published For feit List, and the appearance therein of tlie name of Lord Caithorpe, who is down for £3S5 15s. Lord Caithorpe was for thirty years a prominent member of the Jockey Club, and he raced on a large scale with great successs, to which it must be added that lie was a man of immense wealth, and that his breeding and racing studs were sold at New market two years ago, after his death, for upwads of .C20.000. Under these cir cumstances it is generally thought to be very discreditable that Lord Calthorpe's representative should ailow his name to appear on the Forfeit List as a debtor for such a paltry sum as .E3S5 15s. The Prince of Wales is understood to have spoken very decidedly on the subject, and his view of.the matter is shared by all the other members of tlie Jockey Club, and by racing men generally. A strange society has ben brought to light during the hearing of a case before the Thames magistrate. Several men were charged with stealing a watcli from a sailor, and were all discharged except Alexander Fullerton, on whom were found a Post Office Savings Bank book for L-tD and a card bearing the fol lowing inscription :—“National Liars’ Association.—Having been a member of the above association, and finding you a bigger liar than myself, I must con gratulate you on relieving me of this card.” It must be gratifying to the East find community, as well as a tribute to Fullerton's own abilities, that lie had found no one worthy of relieving him of the card. The magistrate remanded him for inquiries. A Delsarte teacher, who is peculiar in knowing something of Delsarte’s system of expression, says that women can im prove their walk without a teacher, though they can’t learn without walk ing from print. The proper length of . the step is twice tlie length of one foot, and it is measured from tlie hollowof one foot to the hollow of the Other. Now, take a piece'of tape and sew- on it bits of flannel at intervals twice the length of one Of your feet, stretch it across the longest room you have at your disposal, and you are ready for practice. Maybe you don’t know that each foot should cross the same fine with each successive step? It should— that is very important, so now you must walk your tape and set one foot and then the- other right over one of those bits of flannel, letting the flannel come just under the instep. Do this, a-ud -turn your -toes out well, and swing your legs from tlie thigh, and you ara far on the road to a beautiful walk. 