the new cook. 14 1 suppose Katie thought that she would havo mora work to do if there was a guosb in tho house ; soon aftor I told her you were com- iug she was taken rink and hud to leavo. Lot mo seo— where was I P 4 Ons of butter# two of sugar, four eggs.' Now, Margaret, you need not boat those eggs. I deolato it is a shame to invito you hero and then put you up io tho kitchoo to work ! " Here pretty .Mrs. Tborne paused to tike breath. Margaret looked up at her friend aud laughed — a low, hearty laugh tltsfc was good to hear — and continued to beat the foaming white moss on tho plate she held. If you heard Margaret Moore luugh without seeing her face you would have an instantaneous desire to bo- hold it, then you would have wished to know tbe owner, not that it was a beautiful face ; it was simply bright and happy. Het voice matched tho laugh in il« low, sweet tocos. 41 You are the same old Lutie. I cinnofc sec that a husband and a boy bave changed you in the least. I am sorry for your sake that your cook is goa'e, but you need not worry on my account. I am never so happy as when busy at some piece of houaeworlr, cjpecmlly cookiog. You must remember that 1 have had a very practical education. At home we girls always maungwl tbe house." " That explains your knowing bow to do .everything. All, Margaret, what a mistake Bomu mothers make in bringing up their daugh ters, I nm for over in a muddln of some kind, You would bo surprised aud . shocked if I told you of soino oi tho mistakes I have msdo since I havo been housekeeping. And it is ell owing to my not having bocn taught when I was & girl at home. When I have ti good servant every thing goes on vcty well, but it is often the case that I nm obliged to put up with a poor one, aud sho rrfunt ever remain so, for I cannot teaob hor better." There wes such honest distress in her face that Margaret did not laugh, .but helped her with the cake aud changed tbe subject. Supper time came. Mr. Thorno was homo from the bank and little Robbie from school. Margaret had mode a diBh of salad, and the cake was prouounced delicioue. ' I don't see but what we oun get along Tory well without a cook," said Mr. Thome, helping himself a second1 time to the salad. " That is becsnse'Margaret is here." " Not er. mind — she is going to teacb me ail she knows. I ohall surprise you yet," asid the litUo wife, hopefully. He laughed, roso .from the table, and was about to leavo the room when he drow a lotter froin.bis pocket, " Ilere is a note from Aunt Sarah, pet ; I had almost forgotten it." Mrs, "'J' home opened tho scooted envelope and read the note inside in siienoc, but hur face was eloquent-with disappointment and'despair. ' " What in tho world is tho matter, Lutie ?" said Margaret anxiously. " Is anyone sick or dead f I nevor iifcou look so hopeless." " Aunt Surah saWMnry ore coming here." " Is that all ?" " Why, Margaret ! Yon have no idea what a horrid woman Aunt'Sarah is. She and Mary come aud stay a month at a time. They ere euoh model- housekeepers- that thoy think I oouht to be too, and uever excuse a mistake. As for Mr. Thome's aunt, Aunt Barnh thinks she is privileged to look into my olosets and cupboards— and— well, you know they are al ways more or less stirred up. I do straighten things once in a while, bnt thoy won't stay that way long, f don't profess to bo a model house keeper,, but it is so aggravating to havo hor fuss with me !, Sho is a regular spy, and Mary is jnst like her;" Haviug-thna freed her mind Lutie tranquilly finished her supper. Then they talkod tho matter over seriously. " In tho first place we must get a cook at any prioe," said Lutie. " And it is almost im possible to engage a good one at such short notice. ' " If tboy are ooming to-morrow evening it would be better to put the house in order first. Let your washerwoman como and scour every thing in the kitohen und pantry ; you and I can see to tho rest of the houno, and bake up somo nice things to tickle Aunt Sarah's palate." Lutie's face brlghteued. " You uro just lovoly ! If Aunt Sarah is neat she can't begin to cook as you do. I only wish she could taste some of yonr dainty dishes." " How long will they stay ? I do not think yon finished reading the letter, you were so op- set." Lutie took np the noto and read—" So sorry, but we con remain- with you but a few days." " Isn't that just splendid ? I might get a girl who would be willing to oomo for so-short a time." " Please mum, would I suit ?"-said Margaret, dropping a curtesy. " Don't joke now, dear ; I am in saeh trouble !" " I wee never more earnest in my iifo." Lutie opened-.. her gray -eyes to their widest extent, whilo - her friend proceeded to explain boraelf. " I havo not met yonr aunt and cousin, and do not wish to. It will lie suoh tun ! Fray, let me do it, Lutie. It baa rained so siuce I came that no one bns called, and so no one knows 1 am bero. I bave been playing the fine lady in tdwD for the past six-months ; it would be so refreshing ta.be thonewoook for a little while." So Lntie finally consented to the plan. " How did you enjoy your visit at your uncles P" she inquired, ns they washed the dishes-and arranged tbe table for tbe next meal. " Oh.-it was grand, of course, Theyjlve in an elegant mansion on one ot tho most fashion able streets in the city, and entortain a deal ot oompony. It was a great pleasure to me-ta go taithe ppora.; Aont insisted on giving me ail : my parly dresses, and I -daresay I passed for a young lady who had-been reared- in tho lap of luxury, and kuew nothing uf the common duties of life." - i '"A gentleman from this .place, .a great friend of ours, was in the city lost whiter attending-ieejdrea, I wonder if yon met him — Doctor BtttaeP" Margaret's faee flushed, " Yes, ho earns to the house quite often. He is related to one of aunt's friends. I did not know ho lived here." " He is not hers now, and I am glad, for Aunt Sarah and Mary will bo disappointed. 1 havo no doubt that iB the object of their visit. Aunt is' determined Mary shall oapturo bim, audi am afraid the poor follow wiii.be bound to yield." The next day was a vory busy one for the two frionds. When night oamo everything was iu perfect order; not a :eloset had been neg lected. It is safe to say Mrs. Thqrne's house had never bBen in Buch u state before. The pantry was filled with good things, and Lutie was fnirly dumb with astonishment at tbe marvellous results attained by her friend. The guests arrived late iu tbo- evoning. Aunt Sarah was one of - the patronising kind of women ; Mary, a pale, languid woman of 33, whoso beauty was a thing of tho past, but with . vory girlish ways. The next morning Aunt Surah looked with wondering oes at the breakfast table. Tbe china and ailver wore tho same, but'somehow new in their arrangement. Then When Lutlo poured out tho amber coffee, clear and-strong, and delicious with rich oream,. Aont Ssruh, looked really ' injured. If thcro- was anything she was -proud of.it was knowiug -taowrto make good coffee. Lutie alwaysrbad a Jecturoen thia eqbjpct. ..-Thta;morflipg oborwpAdq.oo knowledge in hor secret hoart that the coffee was superior to hor own. Then she . tnrned her attention to tbe meat. It lay upon tho table, smoking hot, a delicate piece of broiled hum with butter gravy. Then the broad— plaid biscuit baked a pale brown, and oorquottes made of ohiaken— oould any thing be nicer P One thing she was certain of, however, it wes not Lutie's doing. " You must have a now cook," said Mary. " Is she a good girl P" " Ob, yes, very good !" answered T.utio, with n twinkle in her eye, as Margaret enterol jnst then with a plate of hot biscuits. Aunt 3arah looked up and scanned her from head to foot. " A very gonteol-looklrig girl," thought she, " and the best cook Lut-ie evor bad." After breakfast came tho tour of inspection, and Lutie laughed to herself to seo how dis appointed her aunt looked as they returned to tho ulttiniP - rrtnm with lift n!v«Vnfe for a lecture. She would havo been still more amused if she had known the resolve in that lady's mind. It was this : " I shall offer that girl higher wages to come and live with me." " I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town," said Lutie, expecting to see ber guests look crest fallen, . Bnt Mary answered briskly — " Oh, yes, ho is ! He came in on the same train that we did." " Well, really I" said Lutie, inwardly raging. " There I As usual 1 have made a muddle, when I was so anxious that Doctor Stone should fall in love with Margaret. Now 1 havo left the field clear for that abominable Mary, aud Margaret iu the kitchon ! What shall I do ?" She wont out to her friend and tried to per suade bar to abandon hor plnu. She was not successful. " I do not see any danger in it. Ho need not see me. Let Miss Mary have full chance, and yon can report what headway she makes." Doctor Stone came and celled, came agsin and spont the evening with his friends. A week passed, and the gensts said nothing about leaving. " Wo are in for n month's siege," groaned Lutie, in secret, Soon after this the doctor called one after noon and fouud Lntie alone. Sho began to- question bim about his winter in the city. " I had a friend spending the season there — Margaret Moore. Did yon meet- her ?" she- asked, looking at bim with innnceut eyes. The young man changed colour. : " Yes, 1 met her vory often." " You liked her— you oould hot holp it," said sho, eagerly, " I remember now that you once told me you wished I would fall in lore with this friend of yours," sud he, with a sad smile. " And bo you did," thought Mrs. Thome, ex ultantly. "Sheis very charming," he continued, " very lovely ; but she would not be the right kind of wifo for me. I am a poor man, a physician, and when I marry it muet he with a girl who has Had a practical education, Miss Moore has been tenderly reared by wealthy relatives.' If you could see -her, as 1 did, sparkling with diamonds and arrayed in costumes whose cost wonld bo a whole year's income to me, you would not won der that I fought baok tho lore 1 felt for her. Such a marriage would only bring unhappi- ncss." Just here the guests returned, and Lutie ex cused herself and ran upstairs to Margaret's loom, where -she laughed until she cried, but refused to explain to anyone tho cause of her merriment, Duotor-Stano had a very urgent invitation to dine at the Thome's tho next d»y, and the dinner wax a marvel of onlinary art. Lutie felt a little nervous when she tapped the bell, and noticed that Margaret hesitated- a moment as she opened the door and saw - the trap that had been laid for her ; bnt it wis ooly for a mo ment. Sho then oame forward and performed her duties. Doctor Stone and Aunt Sarah were. having a very interesting disoussiee, and probably he would not havo noticed Margaret if she had not called his attention to her. " This is tbe girl whose cooking we have boon praising," sbo said, more determined than ever to ooax hor away. Doctor Stone looked up with a pleasant smile at the blushing girl, when be uttered, an excla mation of surprise and half roso from his ehair. Margaret folt that it was time for her to loave, and did so as quickly, and quietly as possible. " What is tho matter, doctor ? Yon look as if yon.had seen a ghost," said Msry sharply. He murmured something and looked to his hostess for help, but that aaugbty littiu woman seemed as muoh eorprisod as tbe rest. " Don't you think— did you not notice the re semblance f" " Between whom ?" - " Your servant and Miss Moore." " Now that you speak of it, I believe I do, There ia s.mothiug about Peggy's eyes that made -me think of my friend." Mr, Thorno looked as if ho were going to speak, but a littlo private telegram from hie wife made him ehange his mind. Tho men started away soon aftor dinner, Lntio managed to whisper to tbe doctor that Aunt Sarah and Mury would bo out the next evening, aed if h. wonld call she thought sho oould explain that resemblance. He looked more mystified tlinu over, but premised he would, come. It took considerable strategy to make Mar- garet put on her most becoming dness and go to the door' when tbo bell rang. Sho thought Lutie moant miiohiof, aud whon Doctor Stone stepped into the hall and took both «f her hands in his, saying, " Cau it be poesibio that it wua you.I saw yesterday, or have yeu juat arrived ? Pray explain this mystery," she folt sure it was a plot, and was unable to say a Word. Lutie oame iu and told tho story in such a way that Doetor Stone saw at once how bliud aud foolish he hodbeen. The words he couid nob utter three months before to this elegant Miss Moore now trembled on bis lips. Lutie, seeing this, slipped sway. Aunt-Sarah and Mary returned t be intro duced to the future Mrs. Btoue, and were dumb frum wrath. The noxt train oareiod thorn home, Lutio secretly hoping they might stay there. As they believe . she was the ohief offonder in this plot to oiroamvent their plans it -is likely they will. Margaret makes the dootor an oxeetlent wife, and hat never for a moment regretted tho time, when she noted aa " the now cook." 