|,: /CHItDREH'S Op|f ? ;.*\\. .u AfTERMAMBAyS. ' ' ' w Wake np 1 wake up I Oh, for Heaven'a. Bake, Barbara, wake up 1' ^ i,-X felt some one standing by me, and , rpnghly shaking me by the arm. I was „ ? ' wicle awake in a.n instant. The room was in a blaza of light, and the air filled with a jjuffocating smell of burning. ' Oh, what is the matter ?' I cried, rushirig to the k *«Fire! fire! fire!' Above the confused hubbub came to me the hoarse cry, striking a deadly terror to my heart. With one glance I saw the big crowd gathered on the lawn, and- — « . Bat jast then a burst of wind sent a blinding cloud of smoke and spBrks ia at the window, hiding everything from my view. With smarting eyes and burning throat I drew back and hastily began to dress. While Martha helped me on with my clotheg %he told me that some of the outhousp'3 had canghfc ftro, and that there Wfts danger of its spreading to the house. \- ' Oh, the terror of those moments. None, Baye those who have experienced a similar alarm, can realise the sense of helplessness and peril. The house was deserted. All the servants but Martha had seized their belongings and fled. We tore through the deserted passages, and, finding the tall door open, rushed out into the night, join ingthe crowd of eager watchers. Fright ened and confused by the noise and smoke and/ the horrible smell, it seemed ages before we discovered my father. The engines had just arrived, and as we 'watched the men at work, my father told 3XKh;in a dozen words how it had all happened. It appeared that one of the haystacks had caught fire, and the sparks being carried by the wind had ignited the barn and some of the adjoining outhouses. As- the fire glowed hotter and hotter, JiTartha and I drew further back, and somehow ibecame separated from him. The lawjn, the, trees, and the people's faces were lighted up with a atrange, weird effect ; and the sky, reflecting back the lurid glare of the bursting flames, Beemed itself to be on fire., .??-????? ??;—- '?;? We seemed to have been watching for hours when, a£ last, - the fire had almost burnt itself out, and the fierce glare had given place, to an almost inky blackness of evil- smelling smoke and steam. The danger was said to be practically over, when the roof of the barn fell in with, a deafening crash. The fUmes shot up .again, and a shower of sparks and cinders was scattered in all directions. One. burning ember came quite close to me, and another. ? 'Oh! look!' I cried, excitedly, point ing In front of me. A tall, square-shouldered man was stand ing with his back towards me, and, with AUIUgU U|U1-?|, TTCU3 gPAlUgJ AjUbUUfAjr ail UUO Bcene^, , He did not know that a spark bad fallen on his shoulder, and, though it at onqe glanoed off again, it bad left a tiny redepot on the cbtb. which began to smoulder, and smoulder into a dull red ring, growing steadily wider and wider. Without , pausing to think what I was doing, I.seiz^d my handkerchief, and, step ping quickly forward, dabbed it energetic ally once or twice on the burning spot. The' man, not knowing what I was about/ and inatui ally surprised at my sudden and unexpected onslaught, turned sharply round. 'What the deuce ? V and then he stopped* As his eyes fell upon me, a curious change came over his face. ' .Great Heaven 1' he cried, turning ashy pale,, and starting back as if to avoid a blow. ?'I beg your pardon,' I said humbly, feeling I had taken an unwarrantable libejcty. 'It was rude cf me not to have tolcl.you first, but your coat. was burning, and I wanted to put it out. And— and— - I am sorry, but I did not know you were bo nervous.' , ...:? ? In an ' instant he had regained his self control, and at .once strove to put me at my ease. Then, for the first time, I noted how handsome he was, though by no means young, but tall and broad, and of splendid proportions ; and with those keen, kind, grey eyes, which always inspire one with, confidence. He thanked me for what ho called my timelys aid, and said it was he who owed we an apology for his strange behavior. 'No wonder you thought mo nurvous,' ho laughec*. ..'..'' But you are exactly liko pome one I knew in the paat, years and ipais ago | and your euddon and unexpected i: . appearance, like a little white ghost,' he said with a smile, ' awakened and called to life a host of long crushed and painful recollections, ^bicb, until this moment, I had thought dead and buried in my memory.' He gave a sigh, 'and passed his hand wearily across his forehead. ;;-; I felt very sorry for'^him. How he must have loved that girl like me, when he was young, for the remembrance of her, after so many years, to so strangely affect him —this strong, masterful man. . ' Miss Barbara, master: 'sent me to ask you if you would please see that some refreshments are provided iu tha kitchen for all the men who have helped to-night.' .'Yes, Martha; I will come at once,' I answered. 'Good-bye,' I said, turning to my Btrango friend, and holding out my hand, and then added shyly, 'I am very sorry you are so unhappy j but perhaps it will ail come right some day.' 'Good-bye,' he answered simply; but his warm, strong hand-clasp was more eloquent than words, and gazing -;for a moment or two very earnestly into my e^e*, he abruptly turned away. I felt angry with myself, but before he released my hand I could, not prevent a deep blush covering my cheeks; and as I ran across the lawn to the house, a choking sensation rose in my throat, and my eyes were fall of tears. As I reached the hall door, I looked back{ and saw him still standing as I left him. . It was almost an hour after this, when, the fire being at last quite out,, and all the people gone, father and I found ourselves in the study. With a deep sigh of relief, he leaned back in his arm-chair, looking very pale and exhausted. I mixed him a glass of whisky and water, and as he sipped it, I curled myself up on the great white bearskin rug, and rested my head against my knee. As we sat thus, I was going over in my mind all the details, of that eventful night. The fire had made such an impression om my brain, such a vivid picture, so awful, and yet so magnificent, that I think to my last day I shall never forget it. Then I closed my eyes, and must have fallen into a little dcze, for father's voice jroused me at last with a great start. ?.:?**' Come, Barbara, child, we mast go to bedi' I sat up, and then we began to talk about the fire. I wanted to know whether it would be a great loss to us, and my father told me we were fully insured, but he thought it would cause him a giod deal of worry and inconvenience. Poor old father 1 What a busy life he led, and how I wished I could help him more in the parish. It was only four years since we came to Middingstone Rectory, and during that time father had worked wonders among his little flock. 'Barbara,' said he, as we were going upstairs, ' did you see a remarkably tall, handsome, young man who was helping us lo jujgub r a.o was uuc uuu in uui puupiw. Didyou notice him 1' And then I told him about the man with the burnt coat, and how I had reminded him of some one he knew yeara ago. . ' Perhaps he was the new man who had just taken Barton's farm. He seemed wonderfully strong and masterful, and without bis aid I don't know what we should have done before the engines arrived. I was surprised to see how men obeyed b.ia orders and looked to him for direction.' , * ' He cannot be the new farmer,' I said decidedlyv' for I am sure he was a gentle* man.' ; . ' Little enthusiast,' said father, laughing, and pinchiDg my ear. ' What arts did be employ to make you so interested in him ? But, seriously,' he added, 'I hope I shall see him again, to have an opportunity of thankiDg him.' A month passed by, and the excitement caused by the fire; had qujte cooled down. I had not seen anything more of my myste rious friend, and though, I sometimes thought of him at quiet moments, as when I was arranging flowers for our table, and felt I should like to see him again, I had given up all hopes of doing so, and con cluded that he had left the village alto gether. One morning I was up iu the lumber room, looking for some chintz. I could not fiad it anywhere, so called Martha to bring the steps, as it might have been put on the high shelf. After some time I found the parcel, and was just taking it down when another smaller one fell forward and dropped on the floor. There was a, little ora3h, as of broken glass. I quickly descended the steps, and at once undid thoj parcel; to see what was in it, I gave aj little cry of surprise and pleasure, and Martha came forward to see what I had found. ' Oh, how lovely 1' I exclaimad. ' It is a pity the glass is broken, but the frame is all right !' I looked at' Martha, expect ing some response, but, stranga to eay, she appeared very serious, and looked uncom fortable—even guilty. 'Ob, Miss Barbara, the master will be so angry with me !' I put it up there, and thought no one would ever see it. And now you, miss, of all people, have gone and found it.' Poor old Martha looked so doleful that I could not help laughing. ' Never mind, you dear old thing,' I said. 'Now just sit down, and tell all about it.' But Martha did not speak, so I began to help her. ? 'Now, first of all, who is this beautiful girl ?'' I asked, looking at the portrait. ' Well, Miss Barbara, I suppose yon will not be happy, till you know all about it, now,' she, said remorsefully, 'so per haps I had better tell you, or you might go asking the master.' *' Yes,' I nodded ;' go on.' 'Well, mis3, it's a lon^ish story, and I shall have to go back a long way to make you understand all about it.' The substance of what she told me was this : — About seventeen years before, my mother died, and Martha came to live in our family as nursemaid to me, then a tiny b»by a faw months old. Besides myself, there was only one ojher daughter, a beautiful girl of eighteen. At that time, my fathar had a pupil, a young man of nineteen, handsome and clever, and a great favourite with every one, bub being a younger son of a very aristocratic, though impoverished family, he was not v«ry well off. This young gentleman fell in love with my sister, and they became engaged. It was about the time the gold fever was raging, and everybody was going to Austra lia to make their fortunes, and my sister's fiance, whom Martha called Mr. Rex, was determined to go too. He went, and from time to time my sister got letters from him which were not always very hopeful. He .seemed to be disappointed, but said that in time he hoped for better luck. At last, about three years after he had left her, he wrote saying he had made his fortune, and was coming home by the next mail. But during his absence another suitor had offered himself for my sister's Kanrl on/1 ao Via Ttrao' worir TtnVi aVio aftAfvnfnrl him, unknown to my father, and two days before the arrival of Mr. Esx she eloped I Father's rage was unbounded whan her flight was discovered, and when Mr. Bex returned, happy and eager to claim his bride, he was obliged to tell him the truth. Poor Mr. Rex was heart-broken, and after a few days in England returned to Australia, and father had never heard of him since. He had loved him almost as his own eon, and directly he had gone bock father ordered my sister's portrait to be taken down from the wall and burned, and he further forbade her name to be mentioned again. But Maitha, who had received the order, not liking to burn the portrait, had kept it hidden in her possession for years, and when at last we movad to Midding stone, she hid it away in the lumber room where I found it. ' Poor Mr. Rex !'' I said, when she had finished. ' How could she be so euel ?' I looked again at the pictured face, and could scarcely believe that such loveliness could hide so bard a heart. ' Do you think I am at all like her V I asked timidly. Martha did not answer for a minute or two, and looked at mo very critically. At length she said: ' No, miss. Though I love you very dearly, and would not for one moment hive you altered, you certainly are not so beautiful. She was a glorious young lady, and there was about as much diffarenca betweon you two as between — between — a pretty little kitten and a hand some tigress ! B gging your pardon,' she hastened to aid. ' Ahem,' I remarked, feeling consider ably smaller than usual. 'Oh — and, Martha,' I said, packing up the picture and preparing to go, 'what became of her ?' ' Ab, miss, she was soon punished for her wickedness ! She had not been married more than a year when she caught small-pox and died ia Florence.' (To be concluded in our next) 