The Conference of Members of Cham bers of Commerce nbiw sitting' ini Ixra don fig giv ing VTctorHafas same anxiety The latter fully believe in reciprocity, of their own kind. If Great Britain will permit a 13 Ylctorian produce to enter duty free, Victorians will be on ly too ihiappy to reciprocate by placing a duty of 20 per cent on; all British goods. TSiis is the only land of recip rocity that will go down in Victoria at present; it may before long; pay to change the brand. Reciprocity, like love, is rarely a success, unless it is on both sides. . . ; Some stockowners on the co&st; are rather indignant at tihe small lot of oil sent up by the Government. It wonft go round, and many , caittle-ownera have determined to no longer support a Ministry who are naggardiy with .tiheiroiL Tihe coast cattle man is evi dently of the opinion that stock, like Sardines, must be preserved in oil if the ticksore to be destroyed, and to only receive one per cent of tihe Donglh on ticks they -expected, toa® rjudely shattered their confidence in tihe Agri cultural Department. " ? * ? ? * I have often speculated upon the rea son for our present scepticism, the <wiant of reveren.ee for old' age, saints, .relics, ghosts, and many other vener able institutions, and the modern love -for sport, especially Sunday; sport, prurient literature, and a!hrd casih. A lady at the recent conference has sol ved problem for me, astict to the unrestricted use of toys on Suadaiys, we lately owe this tremendous social and moral revolution.. True Sunday hot dinners may haive assisted*-Mr tumble was of the opinion that it was meat and uot madness, Ttfhidh induced Oliver Uwist to damage Mr 'Noah vGlaypole's eye-fault tihalt toys have been the principal demoralizing agent cannot t>e dkm^tied Iby- any judicial ynind. This great dffisewvery should assist every Iwead of a> J&imSly; to <traSn up bis fb idren in the way they stun!J go, and 'the reforming business, like charity, must begin at home. If I not ice in Master E*gina$d Vavasour Juv-< enis, the slightest injclination towards Sunday football, fishing, cigarettes, or bad languages, J shall bash in bis Noaih's Ark, and "hand oyer Ms tia wthistle and trumpet to the Ohinese Opera Company. The toys must go ; and as most of these are m!ade in* Ger many, it will be patriotic tx> suppress them. ***** That money d*s the root of all evil, is fervently believed by ail' wJsoi, <h<ave least of it. While not going to extrem es Eke this, I cannot stout any eyesto the fact that wealth1 daps shortena man's chance of Paradise. The hard ening effect of lucre is one of the greatest obstacles in the path of the earnest dhundh worker, according to one of them. 'Missions to servant girls ditto to unwashed boys, and other ef forts among the humbler classes have not been without success; but as wealth comes to a man Heaven* re cedes, and after he starts a drarvving noom, he is as difficult to convert as a Cftninaman. The OheruMm and Ser aphim, are evidenjy not recruited from p alaces. * * * * * * * In Great Britain there is a cenisor of playe, and he lately refused; to sanc tion) the performance of Joseph of lOanaan, <m %he gtroundis that British morals would not be improved* by ai stage version of the story of Madame PotlpWaar, andi 'Mr JosepQr who, if ac counts can be trusted, was a man after Mrs Harrison Lee's own heiart An official of mulch the same (Sort, will soon be necessary to .keep his eye on the column of the dally press and other curent literature. If something of the sort is not done, we shall hajve the society for the Propagation of Christ ian knowledge issuing "Moll Flanders" in a cheap forum for use in Young Ladies' Colleges, and Raihelais as a text book for Sunday Scihool scholars. * * * * . * * * Tihe recent libel action ini Ttoiwnstville has shown that enlightened Munici pal Government is absolutely necess ary for any city that aspires to metro politan rank. That this is so is proved by the great gwnwfSh of Townsvuie since the foundation of the Municipal ity. The enormous increase of wool oad gold, the starting of the great meat works, the extension of the breakwater tand the magnificent smells of Boss Creek, are all of recent origin; and tx> the good taste, mod esty, courtesy, sound1 judgment, and Ibaisinesss ability of the city fathers some of the credit for this 'wonderful growth is largely doe. True, at times, they behave more like sons .than fathers, 'but we are tall (human; Verily iSie old saying : "Show me your Mkyor and Aldermen, and I will tell yon what your citizens sure like," is worthy of all acceptation, * * * * T!he Congress of the Chambers of Coan merce has passed a, resolution; affirm ing that on the opinion of the Congress, Western Australia offers special induce ments to immigrants. IKhe members of the Congress did not mention the particular class of limlmigrants, taut Congresses rarely descend to (details. Western Australia has for some time held out special inducements to many wor thy classes, who (have no t been slow in responding. Pugilists, horsey men, claim saltern, gradua/tes from two up schools, .have gone over, and done fairly well, but the horny-lismded new; arrival Iras (had a hard row to hoe. The Eastern colonies can supply Wes tralia with any quantity of the above ; what tiie coming colony w&nts; as the foreigner with anoney, wtho is not frigh tened to spend it. <EV>r tMs class of immigrants there is practically unlimit ed, demand in W. A. * * * * Mr. Kingston, tlie South Australian Premier, has <a small majority, but a colossal programme. Tihe fashion now is. for the Ministry to indicate ;wihat is nece^ary to save the country ; some time ago the people were content to indicate the .legislation necessary, and trust; to their political leaders to carry it. Now a minority considers itself an universal political provider, and ad vertises "One address only ; novel ties in legislation by every mail; any experiment tried ait the smallest possi ble charge ; remnants of former pol icies at a sacrifice." There wall be but little difference between a South Aus tralian political manifesto and a slop goods ad. The slop man will, how ever, be always able to gave better value. ***** I should have liked to awake a note oat of the match between our country men an<J Marylebone. I cannot .ap proach the subject with the necessary levity. There cannot be humor where fthere is bitterness of soul, and an Aus tralian, worthy of the name, not in sackcloth and ashes, will be hard to find. A month hence a feefble joke may be worked off on our reteent Wiater loo. but at time of going to press I recognise fully that after all there are subjects which are too sacred *or this page. * * * * An Agricultural College is to be started at Gatton, and the scheme, as flar as the buildings go, is certainly a liiodest and sensible one, with one exception-the erection of a smoking room. The whole population of the college will not be above fifty, tand for the State to provide an expensive apartment for the enjoyment of & noxious Wieed<it will be the duty of the Principal to tesudh Ms pupils to eradicate) which produces cancer on the lips, absorbing thirst abscesses in almost every avail able spot not taken up by opium, Mae driay rum, "indulgence-" or "abstin ence," appears to me to be wasteful and ridiculous excess. If the lady who recently read an eloquent paper on nar cotics wall send a copy 'to i3ie .Minister for Agriculture that smoking room should be doomed. * # ? * * .Western Australia is not tine only, place where mining experts have, dis played a little haziness in connection iwi#i firing a shot. On the Hodgjkiin son a similar case occurred, Two 'graduates of a southern school of mines, were "laid on" to a "shaft" about six feet deep, at the bottom of which was a reef of aboutt'au! inch thick. They adopted the West Aus tralia plan, connecting the fuse with a tunnel, into which both retired when firing. As about 10 plugs of dynamite were put into a foot bole, junbs off coun try. rock and reef were impartially dis tributed over half-a-dozen other <claims, and several old hands narrowly; es caped a horrible death: Tfajis went on for a few days, but when a piece of micaceous sandstone dm>pped into the bar of Che "Miners' Best," and ruined what little grog there was is the camp, public indignation] ,was aroused, and the experts were kindly, but firmly told, that if they did not leave at once for some other diggings they would be suddenly found' dead. Both acted'on the hint, and axe now prosperous mining managers. * ? * * * ? ' Promoters of dances must have a good time on the Rurdekin Delta. At a recent -ball there, which proved a groa t financial success, an authentic report states that visitors were struck, and hot agreeably, with the cold and cheer less aspect of the lhall ; the lighting was so bad that visitors had to carry fire-flies to read their programmes, and' the music might certainly have been improved <on. fHie one bright spot in the festivity appears to falave been the catering, .which c&mes; in for unstinted praise. After all, there ate but ferev places in this universe where retfneshiments, if they are plentiful, and good, mil not cover a multitude of mi nor sins. * * * * The New Zealand Government have promised a bill to make it illegal to charge usurious interest, a kind of Shylock-Ikey-OBen-Soloon Suppression Act. It is to be hoped in the interest of cheap monep that Mr Seddon will bring in a little bill to make it a crim inal offence for any borrower to pay more than one per cent interest, even if on personal security only, and pro tecting lany person (Gentiles only), who refuses to pay the principal. If the New Zealand Premier is really anxious to suppress high interest, he must suppress bad security. ***** What women will do when they are in « majority is shown by th^ ttetsoit of the Tristan de Atounha todies. It ap pears there are only fifteen men <m the island, and forty-five women, and the only hope the unmarried jvaelety of the tatter has as to violently annex any shipwrecked mariner who happens to be cast on the shores or the Island. The liast victim wias the irfate of the Allan1 Shs&w;, who, when east up by the waves in an unconscious condition, *?pas seized by a single damsel, who married him right off, without enquir ing about his inclinations. Such high handed proceedings fiopm ,a strong argument against the extension of the franchise, ac it must not be forgotten that the Tristan de Ach<una Diana, audi .the Australian .Venus, air© very axuicb 