AMUSEMENTS THEATRE ROYAL. ••IN MIZZOUBA." John Godfrey Saxe, in rollicking, jingling verse, tells us— Tom Goodwin was an actor man, Old Dmry's pride and lioast, In all tiie light and sprightly parts- Especial Iy the Ghost. For John read Nat, and for the rest of the poem read it not at all, for it does not apply to Air. Nat Goodwin, whom we saw with the rest of his well-constituted company, convulsing a large and laughing -house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. We have yet to see this self- restrained, clever comedian in a role more calculated to display the depth of his nature, and to say in the words of Saxe, as applied to the other Goodwin, whether he will more than Do pet haps in heavy parts Mi£ht answer for a Monk, Or porter to an elephmt To carry round his trunk. But we feel _ fully confident that he will sustain 1 his reputation "made in America" and elsewhere. As for In Mizzoura" we are very much obliged to Mr. Augustus Thomas for giving it us—it was very nice of him; its ingredients are fun, rusticity, quaintness, and dry humour, carefully mixed. As a literary production 'the piece is not up to much, but as a cure for indigestion, hypochondria, and a sluggish liver it is better than any - patent - nostrum we . know . of. The house showed a hearty appreciation of the rugged sentiment, rough and ready manners, home-made grammar, and quaint veraacular of those simple American folk of the ilissourian village—it was delightfully novel, ana called to mind some of Bret Harte's beautiful idyls as well as James llussell Lowell's and Colonel Hay's vernacular poems. As we gave the plot of this simple story of homely life ia the south-western section of the United States of America on Saturday we need not refer to it again. The homeliness and the g-enmeaess are attractive, for therein the company played with a thoroughness which we look for as a matter of course from an American company after the convincing experience of "Chinatown.'- The curtain rose upon the homsly room of the village blacksmith, big, burly Jo Vernon, almost the living presentment of Longfellow s description of his humble hero— The smith a mighty man was he, With broad and sinew; hands, The muscles of his brawny arms Stoud out like iron bands. AndTwhen this modern son of Vulcan, in the person of Mr. Clarence Handyside, came into ; the living-room from the smithy, colossal, j big, bearded, handsome, grimy, and good- : humoured the house gave him a recrular "hailfellow-well-met" reception, and enjoyed his dry. deliberate, quaint speech, as indeed it did , that of the others—the v all talk as to the nasal; manner born. The dwelling was a capital j rustic interior, only diiferiug but slightly | F from Lowell's T description of Huldah's kitchen. A fireplace died the roam's one side With half a cord of wosd iu— There wavn't no stoves (till comfort died) To bate ye to a pnddin*. For there was a stove, and good, energetic, bustling , Mrs. Jo , Vernon . — we like , I1 K ? ^ ^ sharp - voiced matron, although shedidbtssthewholehouseholdwithaton-ue ' of leatnerLke a whipiash-busied herself with L her irons at it. The quaint Pike_ County dialect, crisp, curt, and drawhng, ntted the room and the accessories like the rough baxk j on a Peach-tree and tickled the ears of the • audience. With the customary complete absence of ceremony characteristic of theiH class the people dropped in. Colonel Bollinger, with his arms on the sill, tautea pontics from outs:de through the window and the others "jest kmoer lounged around so to speak, m a takinglv unembarrassed fashion. When Mr. Nat C. Goodwin, as Jim Radourn, came and lounged against the aoorpost with a dry, quiet greeting, he received an ovation 1 l ^ l , ™ ' £ "" •who """" never spoils " ' the illusion by " more ™ than "" "" an almost imperceptible acknowledgment, he not for a second stepped out of his character, which is a good trait. All through he played his part with , , , the •, ease , and naturalness , 1 1 , of a man completely identihed with tne character, j Quiet, intense, dry, matt9r-of-fact, and wholly the plain, rough diamond of a fellow he represented, he showed himself the comedian he claims to be. A man with a less generous' grasp of mind might have made it Darrellian, melodramatic, a gallery hero, with bloodand-thunder business; but he does not for which dispensation much thanks. We will have an opportunity of gauging his quality in better situations, we hope, because, interesting study as it is, the r61e of Jim Radburn is not so psychological as to call forth Mr. Goodwin's fullest capabilities. Jim Radburn is true grit, but the woman he loves, Kate Vernon, who rejects him for the flash scoundrel, Robert Travers, seems at first that contemptible creature a female snob; she has been educated at Jim's expense, although, to do her justice, 6he does not know it, and she despises her humble parents, their home, and their appropriate associations. But Jim loves her; to him The very room, coz she was in. Seemed warm from floor to cielin'. The side slie brsshed seemed full o' srni Kz a south slope in Ap'iL Mis3 Maxime Elliott, a stately, statuesque, beautiful woman of the brunette type, with great, wonderful eyes full of expression, and a clear, flutelike voice, was a cut above the character, too queenly, though not too splendidly proportioned, to be the daughter of that handsome, homely Titan, Jo Vernon, aud the sister of slovenly, weariful, lacklustre 'Lisbeth. Her acting and posing as Kate Vernon were well in accordance with what seemed to be her conception of the character, but she looked like Lady Macbeth in a labourer's hut, and seemed designed for better things. However, this made the contrast singularly striking. From the time she loitered around and hindered her -busy "maw,' weariedly drawled out her sentences, and' dropped"iner?Jy rtl into the rocker, only to ba unceremoniously tipped out by her i>— Herculean father, the slatternly 'Lisbeth (Miss Ethel Browning) found full favour with the whole house. They began by' chuckling and eiided by laughing unrestrainedly; she was irresistible—funny as they make 'em -without aneffort—and her love assages. with the great_ gawky, lantern-jawed Elave, a workman, admirably impersonated by Mr. Louis Payee, induced a wag in the dress circle to 6end a message that "if 'Lisbeth will throw over Dave I'll marry her myself." Dave was the very counterpart of Jim Radburn, who was Sis foot of man, AL, Clean grit and human natur\ None couldn't quicker pitch a ton, Nor dror a furrer otiaighter— but heconveyed agood idea of thehardworking Pike countryman as we have heard of him. Miss Estelle Mortimer, as Mrs. Jo Vernon, was, in her clean, tidy, housewifely, termagaut, yet motherly, way, as entertaining as Miss Browning; and Miss Gertrude iSliiott made a pleasing Em'ly Radburn. She looked a picture in her rustic garb in the dooryard • of Jo's pretty place. Twas kind o' kiusdoine come to lonk i>n '-.-eh a t>!«-sse-i cretin; A dog rose oimhin' to tiie brook, Ain : t modc-ster nor sweeter— J some of her admirers seemed to think. When j v.-e siv that, tiie company is well balanced v.n j-ay south : they played with a will, and triors ; was not a stick ara^ng them. lur. W. lnger- \ sol! made a gentlemanly scamp of Robert Travers. neithor underrating nor overdoing his part; Mr. Neil O'Brien was cast as Kill Ssroer, Mr. Arthur Hoops a^ Sam Fowler, • Ir. Louis_Payne as Dave, Mr. L. E. Woodthorpe as Esram, Mr. li. Lewis as Kelly, and Mr. D. Cronin as CaL There are several effective situations, almost strong enough to lift the semi- comedy to the level of a legitimate drama, viz., where Mrs. Vernon, as a mother, opposes the headstrong Kate, and bars with her portly person the door through which she seeks to escape to her "desperate lover; where that "lover, escaping from . the detective whom he has shot, rushes into Vernon's house, and is, with noble magnanimity, allowed by Jim Radburn to escape on his own horse for love of Kate, and where Radburn, with grim determination and marvellous cosiness, confronts the angry mob, coine to lynch him for letting the fellow t escape. In this scene Mr. Goodwin sustained j the trying situation with a simple fearlessness . and subdued power that indicated him as ail I actor of keen" judgment and artistic feeling. • The mounting was deserving of the highest I commandation, so well in keeping and so artful i in detail. In the second act there waa a most realistic representation of a blacksmith's shop ! and the work therein, even to the actual heat- j ing, cutting, and shutting of a tire and putting 1 it on the wheel. The home and dooryard of i Jim T: Radburn's ! > -11 place was „.„„ one .. ~ of — the T , i. prettiest rural representations in scenic effect on the stage that we have seen for some time; it was a broad and expansive landscape picture of much merit. " In Mizzoura" has caught on. 