TRAVELLER. STARVING WEAVERS. About 200 miles from the German capital, in the northern part of the province of Silesia, there is a line of low hills called the Hay- stack Mountains. Scattered among these hills, sometimes in villages and again in de- tached and isolated log cabins, are to be found about 2000 people, who are called the Hunger- Menschen—human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is hand- loom weaving, and it has been carried on so long on starvation wages that their bodies have shrunk and dwindled until the anthro- pologist may almost classify them as a separate species of the human family. Most of these weavers live in the little country of Glatz, but a few hours' ride from Breslau, and Goldbach is the Schandfleck or shame spot of Germany. It was a cold, rainy April morning that Ryborg and I climbed from Remerz to the broad plateau on which the miserable little hamlet is situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climbing we reached the top, and Goldbach lay before us. Its low cabins were strong along both sides of the roadway for nearly half a mile, and even from where we stood we could hear the monotonous click-clack of the long line of rooms. Some little children ran into the cabins to make known our arrival. The click clack stopped for a moment, and ghost-like faces peered out of the windows. Such withered human beings I had never seen be- fore. Their eyes were sunken and dull, and the skin on their faces, when not sickly white, was of a dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon us bewildered, and then fell back to their looms, and the click-clack began afresh. We wandered on to the end of the hamlet and then back to the inn, and the only living creatures we saw were the children and the faces in the window. There was not a horse or dog anywhere in sight, and the impres- sion the little village gave us was that of an isolated settlement, shut off from human sympathy and even deserted by the domestic animals. Herr Sammek, the mayor, was a wrinkled little man, hardly up to my shoulder and there was a worried look in his face which I had not noticed among the other villagers. It comes, I fancy, from his weary- ing efforts to collect village taxes. He was anxious that we should have his official statement of the case. Goldbach, he said, was the poorest place in the entire district. There are nearly a hundred weavers in the village, and they just barely exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages farther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of working in the woods or at their looms as they chose, and they are con- sequently better situated. In Goldbach, however, this choice has never existed, and the villagers are so weak and unaccus- tomed to outdoor labour that they simply cannot undertake it. All that they are cap- able of is a little work in their gardens and weaving, and the competition with mac- hines is so great that their cloth must be sold at the very lowest prices. The Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldbach and resold it to the weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay five marks a year on his lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that time the village had been in the hands of large land pro- prietors, and it was purchased from them in the hope that personal ownership of house and garden would give the weaver a new impetus to work. Had there been enough work for them this hope, no doubt, would have been realised, but hand-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annual in- come of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 marks, or less than £20. This is supposed to cover all expenses, and it is not hard to understand why there are so many mortgages. The main kinds of weaving done in Goldbach are shirtings, handker- chiefs, sheets, and ticking. A middleman, living in Reinerz, furnishes the raw stuffs, and then buys the cloth at a valuation agreed upon beforehand. The Government has also had some work done here, but as it usually wants towels for the army, and the weavers are too weak to do such heavy weaving, the middleman is the main employer. If there is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, and a case is known where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. The bill of fare in the village varies a little in the differ- ent cabins, but in the main it consists of rye coffee, rye bread, and meal. A queer mix- ture of dough and meal is the favorite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when cheap enough. Most of the weavers have little gardens where they can raise all the vege- tables they can, but their lots are so small that they have no room for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early in the winter. Meat is seldom seen. Herr Sammek has it once a week, but he earns an extra 150 marks a year for his public services, and can afford it. The others get a taste of it once in six months. The greater part of the Goldbach are blood kindred, and married couples are frequently first cousins, but mal- formed children are surprisingly rare. Nearly every household has at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Pabl, as he had remarked upon the fact, how he accounted for it. He shook his head doubtfully, and at first did not seem to have any explanation to give, but he finally said —' Na ! the air helps a little !' When the children begin to weave, however, the life soon tells on them, and if they keep it up they grow thin and weak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine, he is enlisted into the service, and has almost as many hours of toil as his par- ents. At five o'clock, summer and winter, he must be up and doing, and after the few hours at school and play, he works on into the night with his elders. I asked Herr Sammek if he did not think the older people would be strong if they worked out of doors a little — on farms for example. ' We have tried it,' he replied, ' but we are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows hard, we shiver as you do in winter, and no farmer will take us.' ' But could you not go into factories ?' A look of despair came into his face. ' It is the same thing there,' he answered. ' If we ask a manufacturer for work, he says we can't do enough. You see we lack the strength to run the big machines, and in factories they want people that can work hard. No ; all that we can do is to weave.' In reply to an inquiry why there is so little work, he said that the factories con- trolled the market, and it was only by work- ing cheaper than factory hands that home weavers were able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against hand-loom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out on our round of the cabins. The first one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver ever since her eighth year. I had heard that she took part In the revolution. ' Oh, that was a terrible time,' she said, holding her finger against her nose in a characteristic German way. ' We had only grass to eat then. I remember my mother sending me out many a night to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't in the revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back—— ' And the poor old soul began feeling around in the threads of the loom. ' Oh, yes ; it's much better now,' she continued. ' We have bread every day, and you can't starve ons that, can you ?' We called next on Herr Pahl, as he had asked as to take his picture. We found him waiting for us on his door- step, and as we entered the cabin he picked up a sore-eyed skeleton looking baby, saying, ' Gentlemen, this is my eleventh.' We saw but six children, and asked where the rest were. ' In the graveyard,' he returned, and I fancied that I saw a look of thankfulness on face. ' I don't want charity,' he explained, ' but I do think they might give me work. If I had enough to do I could feed my children on bread at least, but now I can't earn over three marks a week. That's the reason the other children died. They weren't sick—no one gets sick here— they just get thinner and thinner, and wither away.' Our next call was at a cabin on the outskirts of the village, where the father supplemented his loom earnings by odd jobs at plastering and whitewashing. He was away at the time trying to find work in Reinerz, but the mother with her four children received us. I was struck in this home by the effects of the life on the older children. As I have said, the little ones in the village were generally healthy, but in this last cabin there was a lad of 17 years who looked as if he could not be more 12\. His face was pinched and drawn, and he moved about so listlessly that I thought he must be ill. His mother, however, as- surred me that that was only his way. His sister, a girl of 16, although not so thin looked equally unfit for the work, and had the saddest face for her age that I have ever seen—but of her, too, the mother said it was only the way of the child. At all of the other cabins we heard practically the same story. The looms were always clicking, and the children were either spooling or peeling potatoes. 