li j~ r .. 'S^^lKWTOjNeOFTHE mmmmmmmxm 'stoM/jGawmatV&b; thinkers of our day, $feran|iriitibg upon the pasaage l have here Stp&b;&.a&je;:—" Widi'cconot graspbaundloss ^ - • -«■- ki to be clear to our reason that joftbroghtatid knowledge; asonl whioh knows ^npt'.dp4Uiii|i.'fniii;tte constriction of toJar-OTfltemsito the building of birds' nests, tpervados the universe and niakes it one. The perfection oftbe Divine Spirit is revealed in ^tbsincqyisite,relation .of.sun and planets, in -thebsffiand its work, in the ant and its pre Vision, in every boll of the lily, and every drop Of Cain, And unsearchable, incommunicable as Is the Infinite, the 'All in AH,' His great ness isf or us all, house and home for us all, around ns all, m ns all—one all-containing Sonl, Life, Love," This day, Trinity Sunday, is the peculiar festival day of this "one all containing Soul, Life, Love," whose interior being no mortal mind can fathom, but whom we are bidden to "feel after and find." No mtin, therefore', can be accused of "rushing in where angels fear to tread" if he "feels after,'r. and in a measure " finds"this universal Parent Spirit, as the blind man feels after and finds the fire, as the rosebud feels after and finds the sunshine, as the infant feels after and finds the bosom of its mother. St. Paul said, "Some have not the knowledge of God," and he added somewhat reproachfully, "I speak this to your shame, as if im plying that a human life unawakened to the truth of Divine Fatherhood is greatly impoverished and perilously lacking in the highest motives to right action. To-day we commemorate and reaffirm the order of thought in which the interior nature of the Supreme All-producing Intelligence hae been unfolded to the mind of man. To-day the God whom wo are bidden to " feel after and find" is dog matically declared to bo aThreeness in Unity. Not athrecness locally or mechanically dis tinct, but a Tbrceness so essentially interfused as to be inconceivable if its perfect unity is questioned. Not a tlireenoss gradually evolved, and at a definite time assumed, as if the Supreme Intelligence after a period begat the Word, and after a further period sent forth the Spirit; but a threeness which has been datelcsaly and eternally always and unalter ably Three. The word "Trinity" is entirely human and therefore inadequate <and Scrip turally unauthorized, but it is sufficiently ap propriate^ It interprets the sacred mysteries of the extinguished ages, it concretes the intui tive perceptions and affirmations of God dis coverable in the God-ward thoughts of men thousands of years ago. The names Father, Son. and Holy Ghost are Scriptural, and are reveded accommodations to the mind of finite man of tho several operations towards humanity of the universal Parent Spirit in whom we live and movo and have our being." There is nothing disrespectful to the definitions and conclusions of the strong thinkers of the past in saying that upon no dogma of the Catholic Church has the illntni natingrayof the Teaching Spirit fallen with greater power than upon the Divine formula which expresses the doctrine of the Trinity, clearing it of much intellectual confusion, and disrobing it of many materialistic present ments. It was a definite promise of God Incarnate that the Divine influence of instruc tion, or the Holy Spirit should " take of the things of Christ and show them unto men"— in other words, that He should unfold, develop, spiritualise the conception* of the early Christian faith, revealing gradually, as men should be able to assimilato them, higher, nobler views of the nature, cha racter, and- purpose of the Eternal Father. THE TEACHING SPIRIT. It is, I suppose, inevitable that timid hearts, rooted in tho traditions of the past, iron bound in antiquated definitions, when the Spirit-taught intuitions of leading minds in the Churcn tend towards the modification of rudimentary views of the nature of God and His relation towards humanity, should imagine that tho foundations of faith are shaken. They forget, however, that the Christ told us that when His visible presence was removed He would speak by His Spirit, as He had only delivered the preliminaries of His full message; that there were truths yet to be unfolded, over and above His verbal teaching, which men would receive and assimilate as the generations suc ceeded one another, and " the. thoughts of men widened with the Drogre3sof the suns." I have been told by experts—I cannot state it upon my own observation—that the astrono mers who built those marvels of antiquity the Pyramids of the Nile pierced a slanting shaft through the larger pyramid which pointed direct to the Polestar, and tbat in those days bad yon gazed heavenward through the shaft irtt.y the Eastern night the Poles tar alone ■would have met your eye. It was in the ages of the past, it was when the Southern Cross was visible from the British Isles. Slowly, imperceptibly, the orientation of the planet has changed. Did you now look tip into the midnight sky through the shaft in the Great Pyramid you would not see the Polestar; .new brilliant space-worlds would shine down on yon. But the heavens have not altered, and the shaft of the Pyramid is not guilty, so to speak, of unorthodoxy. A new view of th" heavens has quietly come, for the earth's axis has changed its place. Similarly it is the work of the Spirit of the ascended Jesus to advance the axis Of the Church of God from glory to glory. Conceptions of the Universal Soul, once pro minent before the telescope of human faith artd aspiration, grow, enlarge; expand. lie ehangeth not; He is ever the same; but what men see of Him changes—changes without con tradiction of the past conceptions; changes as the streak of dawn changes into sunrise, as sunrise changes into perfect dav. And these conceptions Will change until knowledge, in the sense of the acquisition of facts, shall be no more; and intuitive perception of tile trans cendent majesty of the Universal Life shall fill bur souls for ever. Thus has the Teaching Spirit been progressively illuminating the great central truths of Christian theology. tub Tiuxrrv not tri-theism. The acknowledged poverty of human lan guage in expressing Divine trnth. and the pre vailing impression that Divine trnth once for mulated into languu»e represented finality, are mainly responsible for a certain mental confusion, whien has resulted in a conception ■which amounts practically to JTri-fcheism. the inevitable reaction against which has been the propagation of those tenets which have received the name of Unitarianism. Augustine, who in his de Trinitate pro tests against the use of the word frcraona as lively to lead men to think of Father, "Son, and Holy Spirit as mechanically distinct, says that the word j^rmna was only nsed because of the poverty of the Latin tongue as compared with the 422 ^ fifisl Tlrim^aswveuer^ i withaffectionayounger imreon marked with overpresentwlto Mahomet was that' of the CfoUyridiauveo called frotn-Goliyris, a kind of cake that thoy offered to the Virgin Mary* and trhbso three pereonsin.tho Trinity consistodof Father, Son, and Virgin Mary. In oil proba bility the reaction in tho mind of Mahomet ': against this miserable materialistic counter feit of Christian doctrine, iwbich did violence to his best instincts, accounted for the fanati cal zeal with which he devastated Christian ^ lands under his monotheistic war cry, "Allah ilallah—there is but One God." The threefold plurality in the inner nature of the UniversalSoul is now recognised by every reverent thinker as being not three uistinct wills, consciences, intellects, but as one elemen tal substance following the universal law of being, manifestation^ and outflowing in fluence. The names Father, Bon, and Holy Spirit are a mode of expressing the intense hearness that the all-inclusive Spirit-of Love claims with every, department, every need, every mental attitude of the life of man. In their deepest meaning they signify Love in essential being, Love in manifestation, Love in eternal procession. They literally enwrap us, surround us, intcrsphero us with Love.% They appeal to man to rest in tho infinity, in the endlessnoss of tho love of tho God who made him. They analyse the nature of God as, first, Eternal Substance, out of whom all forms of ex istence emerge, Who is wholly unthinkable apart from manifestation, and in this con nection Ho is named God the Father; as, secondly, the clothing of this Eternal Sub stance in all forms of matter and men, and tho specific embodiment of so much of its moral qualities as can be understood by men in one human form, and in this connection He ib named God the Son, as in him the entire race is proclaimed to lie an expression of the thought or reason of the Eternal Substance. The relation of Jesus to the Universal Soul is remotely paralleled by the relation of the rainbow to light. The rainbow reveals the inner structure of light; Jesus reveals tho inner moral nature of God. We are in debted to a philosophic Jew, Benedic Spinoza, for one of the finest conceivable defini tions of this relationship between Jesus and God. In his 21st Epistle Spinoza says, "The Eternal Wisdom has manifested itself in all things, most of all in the human mind, but most transcendently in Jesus Christ," And thirdly, as the perpetual influence, or atmos phere, or outbreath of the Eternal Substance manifested in the Christ, pulsing through the spirit of man, blending his life with the life of God, empowering, sanctifying, warning, attracting; and in this connection He is named the Holy Ghost. Moreover, the three ness presents no perplexity to the rational faculty and no violation to the mental concep tion of unity. Plurality in unity has always been recognised by the philosophic thinker; it pervades Zoroaetrianism, it is taught in the Vedas; and even in the decadent forms of modern Hinduism, where divine attributes are personified and worshipped by the million. If you were to ask a thoughtful Hindoo, whom you had just seen make an offering to Kali or Ganesh, how many gods there were, he would reply unhesitatingly, Ekam cvadvityam "there is but one, and no second." Why, why, then, should not world-wearied, saddened I hearts, to whom the Christian revelation has come in all its fulness, cease on Trinity Sunday from aimless beating of wings against the bars of this life's cage, and abide m the peace of this holy knowledge? Is it not suffi cient to ba assured that the " grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Spirit" are with us evermore; that man in all his weakness is united to this omnipotent triple alliance of power, helpfulness, and influence? Will wc not to-day lift up our hearts, however sad and perplexed they may lie. and say, " Glory be to the Father," the unfathomable Parent source whence we came? What is more tender than a mother'- love to the infant fondled in her arms? What arguments need her compass;'mi move to hear its cries and help it in its harms? Now, if the tenderost mother were possessed Of all the love within her single breast Of all the mothers since the world began, 'Tis nothing to the love of God for man. Will we not say, "Glory e to theSon," tho sacrament of the Infinite Compassion, tho image of the invisible mother heart, the Light of the world, the all-conquering brothor of tho race? Will we not say, " Glory be to the Holy Ghost," the spiritualized continuation on tho earth of the heart of Jesus; the abiding inter penetrating influence of tho Eternal Parent ; tho Enlightener, the Strengthened the Com forter? "" FEF.LIXt; AN» FINDINi;. : There is a command implied in my text, and ! it is one that must bo obeyed. It is, "Feel after Him and find Him." Feel; don t try to see. Feel with the sensibilities' of the soul, with the antennae of the Bpirit. " He is not far from every one of us." The universe glows with His presence—"Earth's crammed with heaven, «,nd every common bush afire with God." Some feel and are cautiously reluctant to acknowled e that they have found. Herbert Spencer, whose reverent mind has helped tho thought of the age, says:—" The consciousness of an inscrutable power manifested through all phenomena grows clearer; the certainty that such a power'exists is the conclusion to which science inevitably arrives." Yes, but what is the name of this inscrutable power? A fire-mist and a planet, A crystal and a ceil, A jellyfish and a saurian, And caves where the cavemen dwell. Then, a sense of law and beauty, And a face turned from the clod— Some call it Evolution, And others call it Hod. Was not Longfellow " feeling after Him and finding Him" when gazing into the glittering mystery of the midnight heavens, be wrote:— Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of ; heaven, , Blossomed the lovely stars, the fr.Tget-me-nots of t he angels. Feel after him. Irt moments of solitari ness, with a strong, eager, mental effort, open forth your inmost spirit and force it to gaze into God. He is not far from every one of us. In His light shall our spirits see light., and as we see His light we become blinded for the time to aught eise. It is thus with the bodily eve. Gaze into the sun in his splendofcr and then look around you and you can distinguish nothing; the blaze of light has obliterated the features of the world around yon. Only as the.blaze fades do the common objects of life come back to your sight. Gaze sometimes thus with the- spiritual eye intensely into God. Know that He surrounds, enwraps, penetrates, and, above all, loves. While tho blaze lasts you can see nothing earthly. The sordid troubles of life, tho bitter griefs and pains, the agony of separation and bereavement, the gnawing of worry and temptation—where are they? You cannot see them; in His light you are seeing light, and while yon see it you can see nothing else. Yes, they will reappear, , - ■ —, - - — - . moans.' flSiis tevelatibuof nnta'a ionve^ ; ability ^fromGpd is a challenge to awake to a \ senseofourlpfty destiny andcogettt respon sibilities, Shall ft child. .ot the God; oi ' the most Holy Trinity forget his lineage, dishonour his parentage:in shameful, self-: engendered degradation? Consider, we are human; We are fallible, we are sinners, " We -i fall from our standard, orercome by appetite, by anger, by pride—some in one Way, nemo in fttiotlier, Think what is the'sin that doth most' easily beset you. Perhaps no one knows it but you: bring it mentally out, let it not eludo you. strip it Of its Belf • accusing shams, 1 hold it tip in the light of the presence of the ;no Holy Trinity, and see it shrivel aud God of tfi die. Why do the sunny rooms in the hospitals turn out the greater number ofeuredpatients? • Why, because science—which is inan thinking God's thoughts after him—has discovered that bright sunlight kills the bacteria of infection - and putrefaction. _ Water containing 10,000 germs to the cubic iucb has been experimen tally proved to contain no germs at all after an hour's exposure to intense and direct sunlight. Thus shall it be with the heart forcibly exposed to God. The sunshine of God, felt after, gazed into intensely, sball kill the disease germs of the soul—the bacteria of degradation. Is there a diseased soul here—one mourning after the defilement of a fall, one who longs truly, eagerly to be cured? "Feel after Him and find Him"—do it here, now, to-day. Force the heart-corruption into His very presence— " Speak to Him thou, for He beareth." Say " Thou who art love and light and power, pour Thy searching, purifying, germ-killing sun shine into the dark recesses of my soul. I am feeling after Thee, I have found Thee. Thou art not far from every one of us; we are Thine offspring; in undivided Threenoss Thou art enfolding us. So let the anthem of praise arise;—"Glory be to the Fathor, and totho Son; and to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end." Amen. 