A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHERON. i Bj MBS MAY AGNJEJ3 FLEMING- (Author of "A Wooum> A Wonderful Wo sac," " Wefl, Yet No Wife. <fca, &Ow; CHAPTER XXXY1II.— (Continued.) It was awfully bloodless, awfully corpse-like — awfully like the face of a dead man; but the face of the man whose bride she had been 'ten months ago —the face of Sir Victor Catheron. She leaned heavily against the counter, feeling giddy and sick — the place Swim ming around her. Was he dead? Had he met his death trying to save bcr? "Bless'd If I don't think he's dead and done for," said the policeman. "It ain't such a bad cut either. I say, does any body knew who he is?" Nobody knew. Then the keen eyes of X No. 2001 fell upon Edith, pale and wild looking, with evident terror and recog nition in her face. "I say, miss, you know, don't you?" the policeman suggested, politely; "It was reskying you he got it, you know. You kncfw this "ere gentleman, don't you, miss? Who is he?" "He Is Sir Victor Catheron." "Oh," was the officer's remark. "Sir Victor Catheron, la he? I thought he was a swell." And then his eyes took in Edith's very handsome face, and very plain dress and evident station, and he formed his own surmise. "Perhaps, now, miss, you knows where he ought to be taken?" "No," she answered, mechanically, "I don't know. If yon search his pockets you will moat likely find his address. You don't really think he's dead?" She came a. step nearer as she asked the question, her very Hps colorless. An hour ago. It seemed to her, she had al most wished for his death. Now It seemed; too horrible. And to meet it saving her, too, after all her thoughts of him. She felt as though she could not bear that. "No, miss, he is not dead;" the chemist answered. "There's something, however, more the matter with htm than this blow on the head. Here's his card case. Now let's see. 'Sir Victor Catheron, Bart., Fenton'e Hotel." Policeman, order a cab, and have him driven there." "Somebody ought to go with him," said Policeman X No. 2001. "I can't leave. I suppose, now, miss" — looking very doubt fully at Edith — " you couldn't go neither?" id J l IltXcoHd.! J ; ijUlul doiVcLl , Willi very visible reluctance. "Well, you see, miss, he looks uncom monly 111 this minute, and if he was to die by the way and alone " 'I will go!" Interrupted Edith, turning away with a shudder. "Call a cab at once." A four-wheeler was summoned. The Insensible young baronet was carried out and laid as comfortably as might be on the back seat Edith followed, unutter ably agadnst her will; but how was she to help It? He was her worst enemy — common humanity at times must be shown. It would be brutal to let him go alone. "Don't be afraid, miss," the chemist said, cheerfully. "He's only stunned, and will come round all right directly." "Fenton's Hotel, cabman," broke In the policeman, and the cab rattled off. CHAPTER XXXIX.— HOW THEY PARTED. That ride! All her life it came back to Edith like a bad nightmare. She kept her eyes turned away as much as she could from that rigid form and ghastly face opposite, but in spite of herself they would wander back. What Miss Cathe- eron had said was true, then — he was dying. Death was pictured In his face. What if, after all, there was some secret strong enough to make his conduct in leaving her right? She had thought it over, and wondered and wondered until her brain was dazed, but could not hit on any solution. She could not now— It was not right. What ever the secret was, had he known It be fore he married her, why had he not left ner men \v ny, in leaving her after, had he not explained? There was no ex cuse for him— none; and In spite of the white, worn faoe that pleaded for him. her heart hardened once more — hardened until she felt neither pity nor pain. They reached the hotel. Jamison, the valet, came down and reoolled at Bight of his master lying like one dead, and at sight of his master's iong-lost wife. "My lady!" he faltered, Gtaring as though he had seen a ghost. i "Your master has met with an accident Jamison," Edith said, calmly ignoring the title. How oddly Jt sounded to her! "You had better have him conveyed to his room, and send for a surgeon. And if Lady Helena be in town " "Lady Helena is in town. Will " Jamison hesitated; "will you not come in, my lady, and wait until her ladyship comes?" Again for a moment Edith hesitated Jand thought. It would be necessary for 1 some one to explain. She could not go away either, without knowing wlietherthe Injury he had received was fatal or not, 1 since that Injury was received In her ser- | vice , She set her lips and ahphted. "I will remain until Lady Helena ar rives. Pray lose no time in sending for er-" A 'I will send immediately, my lady, answered Jamison, respectfully. Thom son" — to a waiter — "show this lady to a parlor at once." And then Edith found herself follow ing a gentlemanly sort of man in black flown a long hall, up a great staircase, along a corridor seemingly half a mile in length, and into an elegant private set ting room. The man lit the gas and de parted, and then she was alone. She sat down to think. What a strange i adventure it had been! She had wished for freedom; it seemed as though it were near at hand. She shuddered and shrank from herself, j "What a wretch I am!" she thought. "What a vile creature I must be! If he i dies, I shall feel as though I have mur dered him." j How long the hours and half-hours ' told oft on the clock seemed! Eight— J nine— ten! Would Lady Helena never come 7 It was not such a long way to St. John's Wood, and she might surely I be here by this time. It was half-past ten, and tired out with thinking, tired j out with her day's work, she had fallen i Into a sort of uneasy Bleep and fitful dream In her chair when she suddenly became half-conscious of some one near her.She had been dreaming of Sandy- point— of quarrelling with her cousin. "Don't, Charley," she said, pettishly, aloud, and the sound of her own voice awoke her fully. She started up. bewildered for a sec ond, and found herself face to face with Lady Helena- — with Lady Helena look ing very pale and sorrowful, with tear- wet eyes and cheeks. She had been watching Edith for the past five minutes silently and sadly. The girl's dream was pleasant — a half-smile parted her Hps. Then she had moved restless ly. "Don't, Charley," she said distinct ly, and awoke. It was of him. then, she was dream ing — -thoughts of him had brought to her lips that happy smile. The heart of the elder woman contracted with a sharp Rpnn of naln. "Lady Helena!" I "Edith!" fihe took the girl's hand in both of her own and looked kindly at her. She had liked her very much In the days gona by, though she had never wished her nephew to marry her. And she could hardly blame her very greatly under the circumstances if her dreams were of the man she loved — not ol the bridegroom who had left her. "I — I think I fell asleep." Edith said, confusedly. I was very tired, and it all eeemed so quiet and tedidus here. How ig he?" "Better, and asleep; they gave him an opiate. He knows nothing of your be ing here. It was very good of you to come, my child." "It was nothing more than a duty of common humanity — it was impossible to avoid coming," Edith answered. And then, briefly and rather coldly, Ghe narrated how the accident had taken place. "My poor boy!" was all Lady Helena Bald; but there was a heart sob in every word. "He would die gladly to save you e. moment's pain, and yet It has been his bitter lot to inflict the worst pain of your life. My poor child, you can't under- Etand, and we can't explain. It must seem very hard and Incomprehensible to you, but one day you will know all, and you will do him justice at last. Ah, Edith, if you had not refused Inez, if you only were not so proud, if you could take what Is your right and your due, mlht bar this cpntn-Gtinn n««n Heaven's good time. As it Is, it is kill ing him." "He looks very ill," Edith said. "What is the matter with him?" "Heart disease, brought on by mental suffering. No words can tell what he has undergone since his most miserable wedding day; It is known only to Heaven and himself; but it has taken his life. As surely as ever human heart broke, his heart broke on the day he left you. And you, my poor child, you have suffer ed too." "Of that we will not speak," the girl answered, proudly. "What Is done, is done. For me, I hope the worst is over; I am safe and well, and in good health aa you see me. I am glad Sir Victor has not met his death in my service. I have only one wish regarding him, and that Is that he will keep away from me And now. Lady Helena, before it grows any later I will go home." "Go home!— at this hour? Most cer tainly you will not. You will remain here all night. Oh, Edith, you must in deed. A room has been prepared for you adjoining mine. Inc2 and Jamison will remain with Victor until the morn ing, and — you ought to see him before you go." She shrank in a sort of horror . "No, no, no. that I cannot! As It is so late I will remain; but eee him— no, no! Not even for your sake. Lady Helena, can I do that." "We will wait until to-morrow comes,' was Lady Helena's response. . "Now you shall go to your room at once." She rang the bell ; a chambermaid came. Lady Helena kissed the girl's pale cheek affectionately, and Edith was led away to the room she was to occupy for that night. It was certainly a contrast in its size and luxurious appointments to what she had used for the last ten months. She smiled a little as she glanced around. And she was to spend the "night under the same roof with Sir Victor Catheron! If any one had predicted it that morn ing, how scornfully she would have re fused to believe. "Who can tell what a day may bring forth?" was Edith's last thought, as she laid her head on the pillow. "I am glad, very glad, that the accident will not prove fatal. I don't want him or any one to come to their death through me." She slept well <and soundly, and awoke late. She sprang out of bed almost in stantly and dressed. She could but ill afford to lose a day. Before her toilet was completed there was a tap -at the door. She opened It, and saw Inez Ca theron. "I fancied you would be up early, and ordered breakfast accordingly. Aunt Helena awaits you down stairs. How did you sleep?" "Very well. And you — you were up all night, I Buppose?" "Yes. I don't mind it at all, though; I em quite used to night watching. And I have the reward of knowing that Vic tor Is much better — entirely out of dan ger, Indeed. Edith," she laid her hands on the girl's shoulders and looked down into her eyes, "he knows you are here; will you be merciful to a dying man, and see blm?" She changed color and shrank a little, but she answered, proudly and coldly; "No good will come of It. It will be much better not; but for my own part I care little. If he wiEhee to urge what you came to urge, I warn you I will not listen to a word— I will leave at once." "He will not urge; he knows how ob durate you aa-e. how fruitless It would be. Ah, Edith, you are a terribly haughty self-willed girl. He will not detain you a moment — he wishes to make but one parting request." "I can grant nothing — nothing," Edith said, with agitation. " You will grant this, I think," the other added, eadly. " Come, dear child, let us go down. Lady Helena awaits." They descended to breakfast. Edith ate little; In spite of herself — in spite of her pride and self-command — it shook her a little, the thought of speaking to him. Hut how was she to refuse? She rose at last, very pale, very stern and resolute-looking The sooner it was over and she was gone, the better. "Now," she said, "if you insist- — — " " I do insist," Inez said, steadily, "Come." She led her to a door down the corri dor, and knocked. How horribly thick and fast Edith's heart beat. She hated herself for it- The door opened, and the grave face of Mr Jamison looked out. "Tell Sir Victor Lady Catheron is here, and will see htm." The man bowed and departed. An other Instant, and he was before them. "Sir Victor begs my lady to enter at once." Then Inez Catheron took her In her arms and kissed her. It was her fare well. She pointed forward and hurried away. Edith went on. A door and curtain separated her from the Inner room. She opened one, and lifted the other, and husband and wife were face to face. He lay upon a low sofa. The room was partially darkened; but even In that semi-darkness she could see that he looked quite as ghastly and bloodless this morning as he had done last night. She paused half-way down the room, and spoke. "You wished to see me, Sir Victor Catheron ?" anu uiiim llic LurrriiU words tell. "Edith !" His answer was a cry — a cry wrung from a soul full of love and anguish un told. It struck home even to her heart, steeled against him and all feeling of pity. "I am sorry to see you so ill ; I am glad your accident is no worse." Again she spoke stiff, formal, common place words, that sounded horribly out of place even to herself. "Edith!" he repeated, and again no words can tell the pathos, the despair, of that cry, "Forgive me— have pity on me! You hate me, and I deserve your hate, but, oh, if you knew, even you would have mercy, and relent." He touched her in spite of herself. Even a heart of stone might have been softened at the sound of that despair ing. heart-wrung voice— at sight of that death-like, tortured face; and Edith's, whatever she might say or think, was not a heart of stone. I do pity you," ehe said, very gently "I never thought to. but from my soui I do. Eut, forgive you! No, Sir Victor Catheron — I am oniy monai, ana i nava been wronged and humiliated, as no girl was ever wronged and humiliated before — I can't do that." He covered his face with his hands. She could hear the dry, sobbing sound of hie word-less misery. "It would have been better if I had not come here," she said, still very gently. "You are ill, and this excitement may, make you worse. But they insisted up on It — they said you had a request to make. I think you bad not better make it I can grant nothing— nothing." "You will grant this," he said, lifting his face, and using the words Inez had , used. "It is only that when I am dying, and send for you on my deathbed, you will come to me. Before I die I must tell you all— the terrible secret I dare not tell you in life — and then, oh, Burely, sure ly, you will pity and forgive. Edith, my love, my darling, leave me this one hope — give me this one promise before you go!" "I promise to come," was her answer; " I promise to listen — I can promise no more. A week ago I wooild have died sooner than pledge myself to that much —sooner than look In your face or speaJlc to you one word. And now, Sir Victor Catheron, farewell." She turned to go without waiting for his reply. As she opened the door, she heard a wailing cry, that struck chill, with pity and terror to her inmost heart. "Oh, my love— my bride — my wife!" Then it closed behind her. She heard and saw no more. So they had met and parted, and only death could bring them together again. She passed out Into the sunshine and pplendour of the summer morning dazed and cold, her whole soul full of untold compassion for the man she had left. CHAPTER XL.— THE TELLING OP THE SECRET. Edith went back to the workroom in Oxford street, to the old treadmill life of ceaseless sewing, and once more a lull came into her disturbed existence — the lull preceding the last ending of this strange mystery that had wrecked two lives. It seemed to her, aa she sat down among madame's troop of noisy, chat tering girls, as though last night and its events were a long way off, and a flgrment of some strange dream. That she had stood face to face with Sir Victor Catheron, spent a night under the same roof, actually spoken to him, actually felt sorry for him, was too un real to be true. They had said rightly when they told her death was pictured In his face. Whatever this secret might be, it was a secret that had cost him his life. A hundred times a day that pallid, tortured face rose before her — that last agonised cry of a "strong heart In strong agony" rang In her ears. All lier hatred, gone. She understood no more than be fore, but she pitied him from the depths of her heart. They disturbed her no more, neither by letters nor visits. Only, as the weeks went by, she noticed this — that, aa surely as evening came, a shadowy fig ure, hovering aloof, followed her home. She knew who It was. At first she felt Inclined to resent it ; but as he never came near, never spoke— only followed her from that safe distance, she grew re conciled and accustomed to it at length". She understood his motive — to shield her, to protect her from danger and in sult, thinking himself unobserved. Once or twice she caught a fleeting glimpse of h!s face on these occasions. What ai corpse-like face It was— how utterly weak and worn out he seemed, more fitted for a sick bed than the role of protector. "Poor fellow!" Edith thought, quite often, her heart growing very gentle with pity and wonder, "how he loves me —how faithful he Is, after all ! Oh, I wonder, I wonder what this secret is that took him from me a year ago. Will this mountain turn into a molehill when I hear it— if I ever do— or will it justify him? Is he sane or mad ? And yet Lady Helena, who Is In her right mind surely, holds him justified In what he has done." July, August passed — the middle of September came. All this time, what ever the weather, she never once missed her "6hadow" from his post. As we grows accustomed to all thlnea. she btpto ac- customed to his watchful care — grew to look for him when the day's work was done. But in the middle of September she missed him. Evening after evening came, and she returned home unfollow- ed and alone. Something had happened. Yes, something had happened. He had never really held up his head after that second parting with Edith. For days he had lain prostrate, so near to death that they thought surely death must come; but by the end of a week he was better— as much better, at least, as he ever would be in this world. "Victor," his aunt would cry out, " I wish— I wish you would consult a phy sician about this affection of the heart. I am frightened for you— It Is not any thing else. There is a famous German — do go and see him, to please me." "To please you, my dear aunt — my good, patient nurse— I would do much," her nephew used to answer, and smile. "Believe me, your fears are groundless, however. Death takes the hopeful and happy, and passes such wretches as I am by. It all comes of weakness of body and depression of mind— there's fOeznmear«4 Publication February 1.4 1 nothing serious the matter. If I get worse, you may depend upon It, I'll go ana consult Herr von Werter." Then It was that he began his nightly dutv — the one Joy left In his joyless life. Lady Helena and Inez returned to St. John's Wood, and Sir Victor, from his lodgings In Fenton's Hotel, followed his (Wife home every evening. It was his first thought when he arose in the morn- — the -one hope that upheld him all the long, weary, aimless day — the one ,wlld delight that was like a spasm, half- pain, half-joy, when the dusk fell, to see her slender figure come forth, to follow Ills darling — himself unseen, as he fan cied — to her humble home, to watch near It, to look up at her lighted windows .With eyes full of such love and longing as no words can ever picture, and then, shivering In the night wind, to hall a hansom, and go home, to live only In the thought of another meeting on the morrow- Whatever the weather, It has been Bald, he went. On many occasions he went drenched through, with chattering teeth and livid lips, when would follow long, fever-tossed, sleepless nights, and a morning of utter prostration, mental and physical. But come what might, whilst he was able to stand, he must re turn to his post — to his wife. But nature, defied long, claimed a heavy penalty at last. There came a day when Sir Victor could rise from his bed no more, when the heart spasms in their anguish grew even more than his resolute will could bear— a day when, in dire alarm. Lady Helena and Inez were once more summoned by faithful Jami son, and when at last the infallible Ger man doctor was sent for. The Interview between physician and patient was long and strictly private. When Herrvon Werterwentawayatlast his phlegmatic Teuton face was set with an unwonted expression of pity and pain. After an Interval of almost unen durable suspense, Lady Helena was sent for by her nephew, to be told the result. He lay upon a low sofa, wheeled near the window. The last light of the Sep tember day streamed in and fell full up on his face; perhaps that was what glor- i;Ied it, and gave St such a radiant look. A faint smile lingered on his lips; his eres had a far-off, dreamy look, and were fixed on the rosy evening sky — a strange, unearthly, exalted look alto gether, that made his aunt's heart sink like a stone. "Well?" she said, In a tense sort of a whisper, longing for, yet dreading, the reply. TTp tnrnpr tn hur Mint rtdHp nn lips, still in his eyes. He had not look ed so well for months. He took her hand. " Aunt," he said, "you have heard of doomed men, sentenced to death, receiv ing their reprieve at the last hour. I think I know to-day how those men must feel. My reprieve has come." "Victor!" — it was a gaep. " Doctor (Werter says you will recover?" His eyes turned from her to that ra diant brightness in the September sky. "It is aneurism of the heart. Doctor von Werter says I can't live three weeks." « » They were down in Cheshire. They had taken him home while there was yet time by slow and easy stages. They took him to Catheron Royals. It was his wish, and they lived but to gratify his wishes now. The grand old house was, as it had been left a year ago, fitted up respien- dently for a bride — a bride who had never come. There was one particular room to which he desired to be taken — a spacious and sumptuous chamber, all purple and gilding — and there they laid him upon the bed from which he would never rise. It was the close of September now, the days golden and mellow, beautiful with the rich beauty of early autumn before decay has come. He had grown rapidly worse since that memorable Interview with the German doctor, and paralysis, that "death in life," was preceding the fatal footsteps of aneurism of the heart. His lower limbs were paralysed. Tlie end was very near now. On the last day of September Herr von (Werter paid his last visit. "It's of no use, madam," he said to Lady Helena, "I can do nothing— noth ing whatever. He won't last the week out." The young baronet turned his serene eyes — serene at last with the awful sere nity that precedes death. He had heard the fiat not intended for his ears. " You are sure of this, doctor — sure, mind ? I can't last the week out?" "It is Impossible, Sir Victor. I always tell my patients the truth. Your disease is beyond the reach of all earthly skill. The end may come at any moment; in no case can you survive the week." His serene face did not change. He turned to his aunt with the smile that was often on his Hps now. "At last," he said softly, "at last my darling may come to me — at last I may tell her all. Thank Heaven for tills hour of release. Aunt Helena, send for Edith at once." By the night train, a few hours later, Inez Catheron went up to London. As Madame Mirebeau's young Women as- sembled mext morning, she was there be fore them, waiting to see Miss Stuart. Edith came, a foreknowledge of the truth in her mind. The interview was brief. She left at once in company with Miss Catheron, and Madame Mirebeau's establishment was to know her no more. As tlie. short autumnal day closed in they were In Cheshire. It was the evening of the 2nd of Octo ber — the anniversary of the bridal eve. And thus at last tlie "bride was coming home. \- (To be continued.) , 