NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. Dairy farming on the Macleay will require to be pushed on with more vigor than has been the case in the past or this river will be left behind by most or the other producing centres. The scheme for establishing a central refrigerating plant and fac tory would appear to be the one thing necessary to ensure success, always providing supplies of cream were forthcoming from the surrounding portions of the river. I notice that the Lower Manning Dairy Company is going ahead. The returns for the month of April were 14,0771bs. of butter, and the receipts from sales were £576 4s 5d or an average price of 9£d per lb., leaving a balance of £30 to be carried forward as the result of the months work. At an extra ordinary meeting of shareholders it was decided to add a refrigerating plant and the directors were em powered to erect the plant without delay. Such encouraging information as the success of similar undertakings all round should stimulate our pro ducers to go into the industry in earnest. We have the country, and a fair show of cattle, all that is wanted is a more general co-operation and support and the industry would become a big one for the Macleay. i There's money in it. j The disclosures made at the Pro gress Committee meeting last week were scarcely creditable to the com munity. Here we have one of the most representative gatherings which has ever been brought together in Kempsey, all befit upon pushing for ward matters of concern to the whole district. In point of fact there has never, so far as I am aware, been got together such a really representative body of men as were to be found at the Council Chambers on Monday week last. "There were members pre sent from a distance of 20 to 28 miles sacrificing time, comfort and conveni ence for the public good. And this is not all, for while it will be readily seen that the representative influence of such a body is of immense import ance in advancing the district, there was disclosed a lack of financial sup port from those immediately concerned which was truly astonishing. The secretary showed that he had sent hundreds of circulars out asking for co-operation and support at a con siderable expense in stamps alone, and the nett return was 2s 6d from one individual. One member of the committee in a speech full of quiet philosophic humor, pointed out that whenever any set of men did immo late themselves on the altar of public service, they generally had to pay for it, and he was prepared to bear his share. Truly, it was always thus ! The few will work and pay, and the majority will accept, and grumble and criticise. X X People who make the acquaintance of ghosts do not, as a rule, stay long enough in their company to be able to give an over reliable description of their general features and character istics. And after the occurrence of one of those awful manifestations, or visitations the general public only learn sufficient to conclude that one more apparition in white has been seen. Yes, we always conclude it must be something white, and those of us who have seen Shakesphere's " Ghost of Hamlet," and the " Ghost of Banquo " aud the vision of those two murdered young princes, we know it must be something awfully sepulchral. Sometimes, it is true, our long cherised ideas of the supernatural are checked by the discovery and destruction of some modern ghost — as when a 'possum takes unto itself spiritualistic tricks and nightly entertains a house- full of settlers — or when the dread apparition falls to the murderous bullet aud is discovered to be the pet white cow of a poor neighboor — but all the same we are superstitious, and if the wicked 'possum or the innocent old cow are not ghosts — well they ought to be. 1 < According to recent news from South Australia, there has lately been a real ghost down there. It walked in white of course, and in a sheet, and it is reported to have addressed a cer tain resident there by name and in the proper sepulchral tone. "Thomas Meddai I want you," it said in the awe-inspiring tones of a nocturnal and supernatural spirit. Anyonp else but the gentleman visited would immed iately have suuk to the ground from sheer fright, or have made lightning tracks for the nearest friendly shelter, but not so with our hero. Thomas Meddai was of an inquisitive turn of mind, and so he just turned on the apparition with his stick and he found that this ghost had not melted from the flesh. After a rough-and-tumble, unusual under such circumstances, the spiritual visitor turned out to be an ordinary being named Budd. He appeared next day before a magistrate, who not being of a superstitious turn of mind, placed expenses on him to the tune of £4 5s, and so I reckon now that lais ghostship is full up of night- walking, and for tfie future will not go "meddaling with sheets " in this way again. % There is a growing feeling in this colony that the time is fast coming when some steps should be taken to check the increase of "brumby" horses and cattle. Some breeders and some stock boards have expressed a desire to place a tax upon stud horses for this purpose, and there are others who say that the breeding of horses should be taken in hand by the Gov ernment as in Germany. The ques tion is one that is being warmly dis cussed in some districts and it is one which if the colony is to keep pace with other countries must have some consideration and attention. Some thing of this kind was once brought before the Commons Trustees, and it was proposed to persuade that body to import a stud animal for the use of commoners. The idea was an excel lent one if it could be carried out. Since that time there has been a great advance in the breeding of cattle in the district and, as far as the town of Kempsey is concerned, it is not an altogether unusual thing to find a thoroughbred bull in one's front garden, or feeding upon some trea sured plant at the back door. The battle in Belgrave-street last week was a novelty in its way. But according to the Act of Parliament, as disclosed on Friday night last these little pets must not be allowed to stray upon the common land under a penaltv of £5. Commoners will clearly have to draw the line there, so that if children and nervous old ladies are frightened to traverse the town streets they will be able to take refuge in the Common bush. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has in formed the Australian Agents-General in view of the loss involved, that he cannot have the Finance Bill amended so as to prevent the payment of in come tax in England as well as the colonies. 