THE GOLDEN ROCK. By ERNEST GLANVILLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fossickers," etc. CHAPTER XI— (Continued.) "Captain Pardoe," she cried, In a thin, unnatural voice, "why have you let that ship escape?" "Because, madame, I had not men enough to work her, and she would never have reached Rio." "No; but she can reach tho bottom." "Good God!" he muttered. Ills face turn ing an ashon grey, "Miss Laura, you can not mean that?" "Yes; but I do!" she' said, with a gasp. "Then," he said, fiercely, "you must put someone else in commaud." "Oh, no! uo!" she cried, "I never " "Be Ami," whispered Cominlns; "think how your case will he strengthened it' you can say you havo destroyed one of the enemy's ships. Remember your brother!" Captain Fardoo noticed tbo action, and, pointing to Commlns, ho said, bitterly: "Appoint that man your Captain, madame; bo alono Is capable ot such an- act, and, perhaps, Juarez would assist him." "It Is policy," whispered Commlns. The name of Juarez had a strange effect on the girl. She drew herself up, and iu a hard voico called Lieutenant Webster. He, seeing something unusual occurring, as, indeed, had all those on the main deck, bad drawn near. "At your service, madame," he said, with a hasty look at Captain Pardoe's dark face. ' "I wish to appoint you captain, Mr. Web ster." "Thank you, madame!" Commlns smiled as Pardoe threw his head up with a snort of indignant sur- prlsb. i "Mr. Pardoe has refused to obey orders. I beg your pardon, what wore you about to' say?" "I don't think I wlsli to say anythliig, madame, and I'd rather not hear anything more;" saying which, Webster, with a dis tressed look on. Iris frank faco, stepped by, and stood besldo Captain Pardee. "Ah!" cried Miss Anstrade, "you desert mh for him. Let it be so. . 1 would rather know at ouco whom' I may trust.'" Tho weakness und hesitation which at first she had shown disappeared, giving place to a feeling, of wounded pride. She drew herself up, and regarded the two officers scornfully, forgetting, as only au angry, woman caii, tho services they had already performed. "I will have you placed 0:1 hoard yonder ship with that defeated crew, aud perhaps then,' when they turn their fury on you. you will repent your ingratitude. Once be fore I had to turn to these gallant sailors In order to shame you Into doing your duty, and now, with conlldonce, I will appeal to them once more." Her voice rang out clear and loud, and, charmed herself by the sound, she dwelt ou her words. Tho 111011 edged up, looking at the group oil tho bridge; and, if she had not been carried away by the confidence of lier tone, silo would have soon that ibeir 'aspect was not friendly lo her or to the man al her side. Hot, and most of thorn bleeding from a light Into which they had been led with courage and skill by tlioir officers, it was not to bo thought that they would, oil the bidding of a woman, turn their bucks upon their leaders: Commlns was quick lo note their bearing, and so was Hume, who stood by, amazed at the scene. As she stood there with a proud smile 011 her llpo, Frank swung himself up, uncere moniously shouldered Commlns away, and stood by her side. "Men," he said, "it is a fine custom after a fight for tiie captain to thank his 'officers and men; and one that should he kept up by U3. This lady Is dilr commander, and she wishes to thank yon all for the Gplen- dld courage wi tli which you havo fought at thls'engagoment against a foe of double our strength." "Sir," she said, recovering from the shock of surprise, "what Is the meaning of this Insolence?" "For heaven's sake," whispered Com mlns, "let him speak. Don't you seo the men side with thc-m?" Sho (lashed u slurried look over tlio up turned fanes, then, with u motion of her hand, signified to Fkiuik to continue. "Say a word to them, madame, your self." . "Do you comnnind me?" sho aslted, haughtily. "No, madame; I implore." With a terrible look at Commlns sho went forward, and with a nmlling face, though ler hands were clenched, 3he thanked them. The men touched their caps, but they lin gered, easting puzzled glances at the cap tain and lieutenant. "If so please you, ma'am," said the big quartermaster In deep tones, "we'd like to know what's been said by way of thanks to tho captain for the handsome way be took tlie ship Into action, and to tho lieutenant for the way he worked 'The Ghost.' " "Isn't It so, mates?" There waa a deep growl of assent. "My men.", said the captain, in a deep bass that had a thrilling touch of emotion. In It, "I am pleased with you, and I think you are satisfied with mo and with tho ship. And all of us are proud of the young lady, who,, trusting herself fully in our keeping, has eo bravely shared our dangers." "Three cheers for the lady," eang out Dick the Owl; and "God bless her," chimed In the quartermaster. The ship rang again to the shouts of tho men, and Commlns slipped below. Miss Laura had now forgotten about the sloop, under the sting of mortification; but the captain was too experienced a man to show-his triumph, though he could not for bear one shot — "It you will allow me, madame, I will go to my cabin, for I have been on the bridge all night." t "All night! You are cruel to remind mo of it, captain." "Am i captain again, thcn7" -"Go to your rooms, sir," sho said, - with; a frown, "and consider yourself under ar rest till eight bells. Now, Mf. Webster, you will show me over the ship, and ex plain to me all about the action. I aeo you. are wounded." , "Merely a scratch, Madame, from a fly ing link from the anchor chain." He led the way down, and Hume and the Captain, lingering on the bridge, Baw her chatting with the men, and examining the damage done aft, where a flight of mis siles. had struck the deck. "That was a timely speech of yours, Hume," said the Captain, "and saved us from an awkward fix, foi had the men once got the notion that they had done me an obligation, there would have been, an _ end of discipline, tried men as they are. I am not satisfied that we have a plain-' course before us, for. we have to reckon with that man Commlns, and the whims of a yoUDg lady." "She appears to be quite reconciled now," remarked Hume. "Maybe, and I hope so, hut a woman can sail under false colors and dummy portholes without a sign ot her real feel ings. See tho way she's smoothing down Black Henderson. ' I shouldn't wonder if sho'3 scheming to gain the men over in preparation for the next mad-brained jam boree." "What relation does Mr. Commlns hold to her?" ' "That Is no business of ours," said the Captain gruffly, "aud harkee, my lad, re member that you are sailing under her orders, and that you have . to stand by her, and not me." AVIth fhat.rhe swung down below, leaving Frank to his own, re flections, which wore not of thB. brightest. He noticed that Miss Anstrade' had ignored his presence, and wondered whether 'She was displeased .at his interference, then dwelt on the Influence wlii'cli" Mr. Com mlns undoubtedly exercised over ber,. and finally blamed himself for having com mitted himself to this mad venture. His thoughts went back to his uncle, and ; to the promise which he had given to search for that impossible Golden Rock, and ho asked himself If he would not have been happier had he started on that forlorn enterprise; but, even as he thought, his imental image of that imaginary rock faded away before the visible presence of .tho wayward, passionate girl, whoso beauty, had already beguiled him. , : She had parted from Webster, who waa busy with the men, and came slowly pick ing her way over the litter of coal scatter ed from the hags by a shell, which 'had ripped up the whole row on the port side, her one hand stretched gracefully to Its full length at her side to hold up her skirts, the other at her throat holding a black mantilla which framed her fiice. Passing up to the bridge, she leant forward with her elbows on tho rails, the wide laco on her sleeves falling hack and disclosing shapely arms, aud, with her chin in her bauds, looked dreamily over the grey sea to a faint blur which marked the toiling sloop. She had not noticed lilm by ', so much as a glance, and, accepting this as a hint, lie put the length of the bridge het- ween him and her. "Mr. Hume." He turned, but she was still absorbed Iff watching the sloop. "Must I call twice?" she said. In her low, rich tones; and. he was by her side. "I feared I had offended you by my In terference." ; "And would my displeasure disturb you?" she asked, reclining her head until sho could look at him, aud so keeping it. Frank thought of Captain Pardoe, and wondered if sho could be acting a part. "Why do you look at me so? Tell mo, what do you think of me?" "I think you are very beautiful," he said, In' low tones. "Don't. Tills is no ballroom Interlude, and such a vapid compliment is out of place here. Be frank. Come, toll me." She nestled her face more comfortably In her supporting palm, and looked at him with a faint smile that parted her lips. "Don't," lie murmured, repeating her word, "I am only human." "And I am not. Is that It? Well, per haps, you are right." "I did not say so. What I meant was, that If you look at me so " "Spare me! I detest explanations. Do you see that ship;" she turned her face to the east. "it carries many souls; men who have friends waiting for them 111 some tar-off hacienda, gleaming white in the bright sun, wives, mothers, and others as 'dear, who would grieve were they lost. A'ou know, I had It in my head to sink that ship, nnd all 011 hoard. What do you thlnlc of me? I would like to know." "It was a horrible fancy," ho said, a Uttle sternly; "but I Uo not believe you meant to carry It out." "Ah! you do not know me," sho whis pered, with a shudder; "I am sometimos afraid of myself." "A'ou brood too much over your sorrows. Why not come up here more often and talk with us?" I10 said, with a jealous thought of Commlns. "That Is vory good of you," she answer ed demurely, with a swift change of ex pression; "and I appreciate tho invitation all tho more because of tho evident Implica tion that I alone am to benefit from it.". .."You misunderstand me," ho said, hast ily. "what I meant " "A'es, yes; how dull you are, Mr. Hume." "I am sorry you should thluk so, ma dame." he answered stiffly. "Now go off 111 a pet, and leave mo to my own thoughts, which, of course, are very pleasant, coinpnny for a lonely girl among a lot of morose and fiery men, who cannot see that tho strain upon her is al most too much." She said ' this with a smile, hilt Hume noticed that tho lips trem bled while they smiled, and that In tho .eyes there was a worn, almost wild look. "Take, my arm, Miss Laura," he said gently. "Lot me tell you my story; it mav Interest you." She took his arm With almost a convul sive grasp, and for a monieut she bent her head: then with a soft and womanly look she asked him to talk und not to lteod lior silence. So they paced up and down, six puces one way, six another, and were necessarily thrown together by the narrow ness of tho passage. He talked of his uncle, tlie tough old hunter, of the simple life he lead, ot his sacrifice and quiet death, and a sweeter look stole Into her face. "And 30," she said, "you havo put aside tho quest entrusted to you by that good old mail' and thrown In your lot with mo. I thank you, but you muiit Hud the Golden Itock." "If It Is tliere," he said, smiling at her eagerness. "Oh. It exists; I am sure of It. I can see the glqam of it now;" and she shaded her eves with her hand. "Hut It Is not on tho sea," he said, laughingly. "I am looking beyond the sea, among your African mountains, to a Ilamo that glows under llie rays of tho morning sun, and there is a ring or red around tho flame. All. you will encounter many dangers." "What will It matter," he said, "since I am alone I11 the world." "It may matter," she whispered, and then withdrew Iter arm, and hastily emit ted the bridge. (To be Continued.) 