THE MELBOURNE CUP. A BLACK PBOPHET'S HP. "WHICH " CAME OFF." THE "VVOBSHIP OF THE FLEMING-1 TON GOD. [TEG3£ OUS ^EEXBOtTSSE COBBESPOXDENT-1 [ Tuesday. . I upon Uie summit of a gently sloping hill, lay ranged around a smouldering fire, a number of aboriginals in various attitudes—curled up knees to chin, sprawling with legs and arms awry, lying face down, with heads pillowed on arms—attitudes reposeful, graceful and grotesque. Though the sun had long since risen above the tops of the trees and scrub which fringed the tortuous river to the south-east, the only living things awake about the natives'eainp were several half-wild, thievish-looking curs. The place was evidently a favorite camping ground for the dusky lords of the soil. As well as the distant river to the south-east there ran a similar stream close by, around the western base of the hill, and thence along the edge of the shallow grassy basin below till it functioned with the other river, whence the blending waters found their way to the sea beyond. The hill served as an excellent lookout, so neces sary under savage conditions of life, and game abounded iu the vicinity as evi denced by the casual glimpse of a kangaroo or emu on the basin floor below, and the flocks of wild duck and swan which, in parts, darkened the silver waters of the western river. Amongst the sprawling slumbering members of the group, one huge male figure was very conspicuous. Even as he lay full length before the -mouldering embers, he looked every inch the chief he really -was. He was in truth the Hercules of his tribe, and as such combinations of bone and muscle must be in a barbarous state, the absolute lord and master of all around Even in sleep his power asserted itself, as shown, by the fact that he occupied the best spot near the tire, and all the other members of the tribe lay at a respectful distance from him lest his brawny arms might chastise their presumptuous familiarity in his dreams. "Upon the houghs of a neighboring tree hung j several opossums and portions of a kangaroo, while around the camp were strewn feathers and bones of all colors and sizes, from the latter of which some of the half-starred curs were fruitlessly trying to gnaw a little nourishment. This was apparently a land of ahundauee, and the tribe had doubtless supped well the rirevious night, judging by the [ numerous remains of the feast- Gradu i ally, one by one, ibe blacks awoke, but their chief slept on. His slumber, however, seemed troubled and uneasy. Perhaps his overnight meal of half raw kangaroo weighed heavily upon his digestive organs. Perhaps that opossum was not as young as it might have been. Perhaps the story he had heard the d3y before from a wandering member of his tribe that some strange white men had been seen far down on the " big water ' in a great canoe was fermenting in his usually sluggish brain, but as he slept he saw rise on the edge o£ the plaiubelow great mia-mias, the largest of which would have sheltered all the black men he had ever seen- Then right round the edge of the basin floor two fences ran, and between them stretched a long circular strip of turf- The emu and kangaroo had vanished, and on the waters of xho neighboring river the wild duck and sivau were seen no more- Looking right | across the flat where be had so often stalked the emu or the snared kan garoo, he saw far beyond an immense number of great " wurleys" built of red clay, from the tops of which rose clouds of smoke—greater than he had ever seen at any camp fire— which filled the air as though the bush was aflame in the fiercest day of summer. Then he heard a dull murmuring sound, and a heavy Tumbling, as though all the waters of all the rivers he had ever seen —and he had travelled to Jan Juc in the west, and Jika Jika in the north were fathered together and were rushing down towards that plain. Then appeared at first in thin streams as the water trickles from pool to pool in the hfcrn 2Mem when the son is hottest, some of those white people of whom he had heard. Gradually the streams grew broader and broader until they met and spread far and wide over the bottom of the great basin below. Xhey caine in swarms as the wild ducks came to the lakes of the plains near the setting sun. They filled tbegreat tnia-mias.and spread in o" upward, covered the hill where he stood. They came as his tribe would come, but, in their feet of leafher, they came in long crawling things like huge snakes, with the heads of monsters vomit ing fire and smoke—more terrible tban anr of the ghosts or devils which had ever roamed through the bush—they came in beautiful things like great land canoes covered with ornaments brighter than the string of kangaroo teeth which ringed the forehead of his favorite gin, or the yellow shining stuff which the Yarrawoika tribe sent bun for his last wedding gift. From every quarter those white people came, thicker than the swarms of Ko-mug ehteri noisy gnats ovc-r the western swamp when the summer sun has gone to his rest for the night. Soon he found himself wandering amongst that immense mass of people Listening to their talk, until suddenly he met a white-headed old blackfellow, almost bent double, hut who must, irom his giantframe, oneebave been a great chief. He was dressed like the white people, hut on his breast he bore something shining, like a shield, but much smaller. He took the chieftain by the hand and led him along tne hill, wliere tlie white men swarmed h«.e mes around a dead dingo in summer tune. He led him to what, _ in his raised white man's talK, he called " one big fellow bloomiu' booth." Then his aged friend pulled out a little shining filing which he said was " one little beggar sixpence," and ashed for "two big fellow long "uns." The white man shooh his head but then said. " poor old blokes I'll chance it," and placed before them two glasses full of yellow water. The old mail drank his in a gulph with a broad grin on his face, and the young chieftain sipped his carefully. He found it sweeter than rock water after two days' thirst, when the birds fly only in the shade. After he had finished drink ing, everything seemed to grow brighter than he had ever before seen it. Before he drank he had wondered at the v.-;i Y so many men around him shouted and waved their arms at each other, as did the tribes when they met with boomer ang and spear in fight or friendly game. How the noise seemed to grow louder and the arms and hands to move faster. The chieftain's eyes sparkled, his heart beat faster, and he wished to join the great thing and laugh and shout and wave his arms with them. Then his buary-headed old friend who appeared to know every thing and everybody, led hiio dov.-n into the plain below, where the mia-mias stood, and his eyes were almost dazzled with the beautiful dresses of the white girls, more beautiful to him than Kooriekirra—a—a—ya—a—uya— all the colors of the rainbow. And they all looked kindly at him and his old friend, and some of the men with them shook hands and gave them shining little bits of white inetai, which his aged guide told him would buy more yellow water—which he called beer "—where at his heart, so full before, now quite overflowed with joy. Then the old man led him through a gate to where what he called " thebig crowd "Xarraman" were being rubbed and brnsbed and cleaned, until tbe chieftain could almost see bis face in tbe skins. And the people crowded round them as if they were gods or devils, and the chieftain believed they really were, as sometimes in their auger they bounded high in the air scattering their worshippers as a dingo scattered a mob of wallaby. They snorted and lashed out on every side, fire shooting from their eyes, and foam from their months. The chief felt frightened, but ■was relieved -when he found that the medicine men with these fierce gods calmed their anger by coaxing and gently rubbing them. Then his guide said "Mine ton think him plenty stiffuns here," but he could not understand what the words meant, and was assured that he would soon know if he put ' much fellow stuff on." Then with quite a swaggering air his dark mate edged his way into what he called the ring, where hundreds of men were continually shouting, aud turning to a little man, with a big nose and eyes like the hawk Kerrek-i, he said " Mine bin think Kosella dead bird. "What price him" Lor, bli me," replied the little man with the big nose and the eyes like the hawk Kerrek-i, "Idoa'tlay theodds to a bleedin' black bloke like you—not me," then, with a touch of compunction even in his student voice he added " You're not a bad old sort of a bloomiu' kmg, so I'll lay you a quid to nothio' about her. There's my ticket, Barney Isaacs." " Lor bli me," repeated the dusky monarch, much pleased, " him big fellow quid—go sit down longee upper stand, see bim Cup." "Wondering what it all meant, but pleased, though be wildered by the many strange sights and sounds around him, the chief followed his companion to what the latter called the " big biggar upper stand." There the former saw on the turf, between the rails, " plenty big mob of Yarraman," witb little white men on them, dressed in shining coats more brilliant than any colors he had ever seen on the clouds when the sun was sinking behind the " old man" plains. For an instant everybody was silent, and, as he was about to ask why, his old friend whis pered, kolli—hush. Then the Yarraman bounded away faster than the kansaroo with a pack of hungry dingo bo hind, and there arose a roar "They're off," and straining eyes watched the moving mass of glittering color around the circle. The sound of voices seemed to follow it in waves from point to point, sinking now to a hoarse, restless murmur, like the whispering of the wind over the spinifex, and then swelling suddenly to a roar as the water rises and dances over Kuldric, the great salt lake. As the wild, rushing Yarrainau tinned into the velvet stretch of turf towards them, the roar increased, and the chieftain's warwhoop sounded clear and ringing above the great volume of mono tone voices. The old, grey-headed king was also as excited as though again at the head of a ccrroboree, when the horses dashed past the winning point; but after the race was over and the chieftain was asking what it all meant, he could only gurgle, "Lor, bli me—mine been hleedin' quid — all yabba-yabba man — come alonger big fellow beer." Then they went again to another place and had more yellow water, and after the chief had dinnk it the tire seemed to ran through him, and he wanted to shout and dance and tight all the white men. But he suddenly felt himself gripped as in hands stronger than strongest kangaroo skin, | and a voice exclaimed "Begorra, Patsy, I think we'd better let the poor fellow have a free ride in Black Maria." He struggled hard, but in vain, and shouted for aid to the old king,but thelatter and everything else gradually began to disappear as the smoke disappears through the tree tops, and he heard the old man's voice saying in the distance, " I am the ghost of your future life. Before the sun seeks his camping place, and before night's star kow-wab rises, the white men will come to you from the great salt lake and spread around you like kouta its waves. I hear them crush the yedede with their feet. Iso more shall our women gather the foodseed of "Warrangaha. High above my head soars the hawk Kerrek-i, laughing as he smells the slaughter. No more shall the emu seek the Nunyakaroo for its young ones. Both the Yeraga and Galga will disappear from the land. What does Tounka the crayfish whisper in the waters of Palicu ? Why does Mollab the crab kow-wah come here 1 kow-wah come hither." Then the voic8 died away, and everything else vanished. With one mighty effort the chieftain sought to free himself—he braced his muscles, he set his feeth, he strained with all the strength of brain ; and sinew, and with a great bound— ! awoke. He awoke to find his best gin | wasting her time polishing her tiara of kangaroo teeth iustead of getting break fast, and to find one of his handsomest | young braves sitting too close to her, scraping an emu's leg bone for a spear point. Picking up the thigh bone of a kangaroo, he belted his lady love j over the head with it for her indolence, and kicked the too attentive brave half I way down the hill. As he chd so a coo-ee | rang up from the plain, and looking towards the ti-tree fringed river he saw I with a strange shudder of uneasiness, if not fear, a little band of white men rising up from the river with the mists of the ] morning, and amongst them " one big Yarraman—white as the bed of a dry salt lake when the sun is rising." He marvelled much at the white men, hut he feared that big white Yarraman, as either devil or God, and in dread and trembling he fell on his knees, and prayed that if it would but spare him and his tribe he would give to it that hiil and river, and all the hunting ground below, for ever and ever. Then that Yarraman, seeing the figure on the hill above, and thinking that where men were, some of his ldn would also be, raised his voice in a clear ringing neigh. At this reply to his prayer the chieftain hounded up with delight, and told the glad news to his trilie of how the hill and all around was henceforth io he devoted as a shrine for the worship of the strange new God—the great God—the live God—the God of the white people, who would come there in swarms to bow down to that God—the HORSE. 