rAlxl. ,UONTs IESXRVND.] NE'imY PRESTON OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. SBy the autbor of "Errla ES~zmr;" "Jzasza 3MILVtI ~: "Ly Lcy, m" FAcPoIrI GIt,"r . . STACr , ru u UrcrAft." ClHAPTER XXII.--(Co.nrsoa,.) S" I can't believe it," cried Albert Clayton, with his usual generoity of sentiment and freedom from .suspicion. "It's impossible that yon appearance of shame and remorse ould be deceptive, or the hearty satisfaction with which he espoused our side. Bad as he was Walsh had not a sneaking, smooth, do eiring way with him. I have studied him a good deal, and I believe hlie is what he seems, whether he means well or ill. H1o .an't put a face or nct a part." "But how explain this sudden and unex pected flight?" asked William in a tone of incredulity. "Call it absence, not flight," returned Albert. "Inexplicable it is to us now, but I wait a little, and in all l'ikelihood he will ex- I r'aih it himself." His listeners shook their heads, 3Mrs. Walch herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the worst. William Simo coanselled the instant adoption of measures to frustrate any attack which might be made upon them. If Walsh was gone to tell all he had learned, and all that had happened him, there was no doubt that Lady Clayton and Chippe would with all speed try to remedy the misfortune. Still Alberetclung to his hope in the reality of Walsh's repentance, and would not admit that he thought he had turned traitor. And so the day passed, and he did not return. The morrow arrived, and still he came not. All the forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and waited for him. At lark they were seated in the blue parlour, each more convinced than ever that he had netrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this, but he did not so readily and confidently sxpress his faith in him. As they sat conversing on the subject, the loor was quietly opened, and W'alsh glided in and sat down in the nearest chair he came to. A universal exclamation greeted his ap pearance, and all row and gazed upon him. He was very pale and seemed weaned and sxhausted. HIis chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for breath, but there was a light of pleasure in his eye, and an expres sion of satisfaction on his features. "Oh, James, where hare you been?" asked his wife, as she hurriedly approached him. " You thought, of course, that I had de erted," he said, in a faint tone--" gone off to see Chippe with information against you all Ah, I .see you did. YWell, don't wonder at it, for I deerve to be suspected, and the secret way I went off looked traitorous." "We had all had thoughts of you except Albert," cried William Sime. "lie would never allow us to say that you had turned false, but was strong in the belief that you would return with an explanation." "Did you, sirt" exclaimed Walsh, his face fluhing with pleasure. "Were you so generous towards me-you who had most cause to distrust me ?" "Pooh," rejoined Albert, "I am pretty good at knowing what stuff a man is made of, and I saw that there was no humbug about you. When you were found to have gone, I said so, and I have not been deceived -that's all." "Bless you for your good opinion, sir," rejoined Walsh. in a grateful tone. " It is not tjhe first time you have said so, and your words, as much as anything, madi' me. re solet to do right. Well, 1 would hare told eou I was going, hat I thought if youi kmL my intentions you might try to hindhr me. Besdes, I did not know if I would sucreed,. and I don't like anybody to know wbhen I fail. Howerer, I haven't failed, for here's the paper." And as he spoke he drew from his bosom a folded document, and handed it to Nelly, who stood in front of him. " My father's will !" exclaimed Nelly, who recognised it in a moment. and stood with it in her hand, staring at Walh in astonish~ ment. The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in : satisfied way. "How in all the world did you get it ?" in quired Albert. "Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. "I couldn't rest till I got that paper, for I thought it would be some ema!l atonement to the girl for my char" in her bad usage, and I sterve to show you all it was no sham repent ance that I professed." i "Then you saw Chippi and demanded it of him." "Not likely," ret:urno Walsh. " I knew that was the worst way , ;go about it, so I 'did not attemp: it. 1'hiip, knos' iethiner about it being h.r., ut :h:::ks it quite s.af in his secret drawer. Hiow I got it thcre, or into the hou s' at al w::!:out arlnybody .cin me, it doesn't mtt, r. "'Ter es th,. wFI., and both Bob Preston and Chipps are don, utu of the property." ' " Bravo!" cri'..lOr:. ,'r hTt'. a stun wing trick. We ihave the b l whl:y at our feet now; they ar- ht,:f.l a.t every pIier :." "Oh, Jam's'--J.ar !" crearm. 4 Mrs. Walsh, as .she pran' forward to suopp rt her Bhusband, who hal sudl:l,!y placed h:is hand upon his breast. She was juot in tinm, to re ceive him as hle fell heavily forward. lIe sad fainted. SThis threw them aol intto great azit:atin, :odt by Alihrt's pr,- ,-r. f 1r h,. was pomptly con,'1,i t' r th t r.C hI I. ad l o long cerup;od, anri la.l up' n hi' td. In a ftew minuStep L r, vnv ...n < todit--?.i ti.ht the journ-y hal t- ,n tU'. rou i fir hIro, tad that it hal ko,-k. I Lim up a g,.,l it, btut he had no dou': a fiw h:lurs rest would re vire him." *'Tell me,." crild Alb.rt, who had a sain. ml suspicion ef the true state of the case, "did you cp-*i :3uy portion of last night in the optn air." Walsh h',eitat-d a few s moments. " Well. y.i, I dl!." h, at lcnzth replied. i was for-e i dT, w :* ha while oppsOi'.e Chipp's door fr .n: -!,.rtunity to get into the house. A~ la k~ ull have it, he diid not oon gon to bed. aI, I had to stand waiting for a coup:e if hours or so." ; "And where did you spendl the reit of the nighti" anked Albert. "" Oh, in a snug pIe," returnedri WaLh. 'Wa.s it under a re?f:-" "Well." lau:hod VWaIh. "if ' I u will have it, I spent the Crest ,'f a :ight in a hay stack outside the town. I hadi truerg rca-"no for not going to any bhlae in I-,I-. aS I anted to bl off hers by the first trait.. " I was sure you had spent the iiit.ht in each a place," obscrred Albert, shaking hi~s head. S"How did you guess it?" asked Jim, with .a cmurious look. "'By those sedo on your coat," was the quiet answer. " Gad, sir, you wouol make a capital do. tective," said Jim. " got," he continuod, "I was bau!kLed after all, for I fd!l ~mund Lasleep. and didn't wakL. in tI,' m,,rnin=g till after the train hal p-. I-.,,. Tio 0 nlext i,·.s a mail, and confoun, it. I :ha'tn't the full fare, so I had to walk ,:vcril miles." " "Good God '" .jaiulated Albert. " The exposure and fatitrue aft. r ouih a frer." "My poor huland." sigh*, 3Mrc. Wa\bi, h?r?arms about lo nck andl kisinr tLim. Mar)nYet also came forward and took his band and Nelly said .how very sorry she was that he had cnduredl so mnRch for her. " What was it to what you endured at my hands ?" returned Walsh, who was shaking and shivering with a new attack of fever. le strove hard to suppress all manifestation of sutfaring, but son his brain was again fteeteal. and once more the fever-fiend had imn in his power. Weak as he was, this re lapse shook and shattered him to a terrible degree. On the eighth day the doctor told him that the crisis was come, and shook his iead sadly in prospect of the issue. lie was then sleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not the calm, tranquil slumber he had formerly enjoyed, when the delirium left him. The dortor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. About midnight Walsh awoke and knew them all. The doctor tookle hold of his arm and felt his pulse. It was whilal and ir regulair. I10 ordered soothing powders and rose to go. In the blue parlour he was surrounded by the anxiolus watchers, who asked his opinion of the stateof the patient. "Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, dnca or," sobbed the weeping wife. " Ouit of a kind feeling you may be temptedl to deeirve us, but it will be a mery to declare to us the truth." "I am glad you have put it to me thus," returned the doctor. " My painful duty is to inform you that he will not recolver." "God's will be done," groaned Mrs. Walhb. And she turned away and proceeded to the :hasmter of sieknese. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the queation bluntly to .1ary. She was oo true to his best interests to deceive him, and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect >f death is solemn and awful, but however irmly and compoiaedly they may be able to ook at it, to most it is dreadful to contem plate, while to some it is utterly appalling. )f the latter number was Jim Walsh. The :ircumstlances in which the solemn prospect tad approached him, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately he had seolfed at the nereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah, bnt.tbat was when he was strong and full of robust life-it was when he was in the full and unchecked tide of his wicked career. 'ow he was stricken down with weakness, ife with its concerns was ebbing away, and ne was brought face to face with the solemn problem. lie could not so scoff and sneer at now. The divine witness within him rose up to force its claims on his attention, and the leep instincts of his soul wotdd not cast aside that future to which it was so vitally and etsentially related. There are men in our day who, led on mainlh by scientifie research and discovery, bave gone far astray from the ancient land marks. The Bible, they say, is for the most part a collection of neautiful fairy tales, im mortality is a mere mnatter of opinion, God is oan eternal, notourslves," or "'a stre:m of tendency" that makes for righteousness, and life itself is a thing to be lived in righteous ness and self-denia certainly, but not as in the sight of a divinity that shapes our ends. It is, however, in'the day of sorrow, in the bourof death, that religion has bher triumphs; those times when earthly voices are stilled, when a heavenly power irreniotibly manifests itself to us. andl we feel that the great articles of our faith rest not upon dlubtful interpretationa of obscure pa,.agcs, btt upon the witness of our hearts and the expe:rience o our liras. The resutt triafly anal shauldri::.y ar riced at by Walsh was that thar- was a hereafter, and he was about ti m?e: it. We tay ahuddcringly; for if it mcanct anythit,.g ta him it meant rctribution. There he lay steeped in sin, eoveredl by a very mon:tain of transgressions, any single one ,,f which mult produce a fearful reckoning. No wondclr then that Jim Walsh was appalled wialin he knew that he had only a flw daya--;a rhaps only afew hours-to live. One comflort thro was for him, and he could not help clininrg to it. His last deed-that one in the duing aI which he had virtually sasrifierl his life was of an atoning kind--atonin,. that is, in a human sense; for it was the rendcirina a signal service to a girl hie ha:1 wrongl. lie was not a little satisfied at havinicg done it, even thbugh ithad lte him within the pilrtalls and shadow of death. But oh I hle hitterly felt that this availed not to arnn. far his wasted life-his locngeourse of vic, and crinme -and in his extremity he asked hiFs weeping wife for aid. Four ilays of respite were granted himt an.il dluringthat time by the hlc!p anad dir,.itian of thee whao surrunelah ? Ilas yin' tald. I, w.as prcparel in as n m,a ala! a1lgr,.e far thi Ira ad ralitie, of that wilr;,l on w'hiah hiae wa. aalaou tn anti r. Ih. was tcit in whlat ,ir,'"tiin to look, on whom to re, anal tazcat to repa:t a hymn, c:hich he u'er.I with a vah.:..nt earnceatne's. On this raft le coanmmt,',l lhin dap:artinc soul to th ii, ark asl vi lia: J-rl.,n. Who aare eay that he wm ,i'u:fl ad : I c arri..d down tl, e tcrnal ra?id? ans i t lh i i:,l not pr?.sumie t d, p.i': a: and lik. hi- it ail ,ra tao bright. At th, an t it wase a da'-iariaci snturc.nald the tru-t h, wa~ s nal.l to pl?:aa in Divine mrsy was a tr nalina: trust. lit, hape piranc.. ,ut if ultter aha-tlonlcta at ; fis faith ciiuli ni.t, p rh:tap, I, al, trinal.. And hoa. di,: acl hi faithful wife, wI, hlad aiF'1 the ,al:ithi-dltmp from his Iraw, closed li. -yas and lr,:at?ha a prayer f,,r his clutter iau .Ul. a".aut to wing its way to the bar of juai ment. lot the v il Lian' down, let cnone of its cable f.!..1 -. di turba-i , let uas t.-.,;' the de-t ,ne ta ti:" ju'ta e a:l mrcy that rci:-na i,.' tint it. a..surail that marny will jairfully desacetd where juastiae can give her rcon. lie was buried in ith Necropiali, f!lowerld to the grave b'y v.ery few, but Aibart Clay. tln anl Willi:amo S liu wra l towr haI coffin re ,'erently into the grave, and the fortier itrippid a tear cn theli lid bcfore the earth had tierta fall and cover it for ever up. On their way lI:ak, wclen paseing a :t.ationcr's shop, A?l rt ,'hane,'! to gl:an~e at :a printo.t hill wlhirh aoutait;eI tha acoaantttof that msrnini's pa.r, aind one lini shich mot his ace causeid himn to paue an,1 start. T'e lin,. was this: "Death of Sir lumpihrey Clayttn." Cbaptcr grtit AI.LBEIiT C('LAYT'OUN IIAS AN INTE;RlVIEW W'ITH hl(. I;ELL, TIlE .;OLICITOII Sll''1 AND ltthil lhIITON WOsDEil WIIAt' IlA 1:IECOME OF WALSH. Aliert ruashed iato the shop aid bhugah a ntew rlalaer, and be ind \Wlhlam wea nt to sn eucry to read au account of Sir llutalhrey?' death. It was a shnrt pariraph, an.ii stated that the Itraruonet had heal ulddenly, to days prevloi-lsy,avt the tmnly rtcsuileieC in Leeds. It as addled tLat. owing to the recent melasnchol death of hs son, the ~state would go to the chill of his thirdl marriage, who, being a minor, oJaald no douLbt be placed under trustees. " l'his veent clsls for prompt action on my part." enclaia?,l Albrt, as hurriedly foldiug up th: pairrti they issud again into the strcet. a" I must instaltly he off to Leeds, and rry out ainy reolutron cf consulting with Mr. Bell, and putting tie case into his hands." Aecordihgly, that afternoon. Albert, in hi. mnke-up e a Yrenehbman,with wig, moastachen, 1and spactacles, degastad is the teain. It was Ta~rk'ie7he ree ched Leeds, and he proceeded direct to BMr. Bell's chrmbers. IIo had not seen that gentleman for several -ears-seldom, indeed, rinme he had ceased to act as his father's lawyer. He wondered, there fore tf he would recogninse him, and thought if he did, what a shock he would receive on being tislIrd by one whom he consiidered dead. Musing thus,ho rung the bell of the solicitor's bhamilbhrs, and the ansierr to his inquiry, if Mr. Ilell wan within. was made hemitatingly in the IllirInmtive. The girl looked with a mixture of curiosity and siuispicion at the very Frenclh-look inc: 1ersonge* who stoa belore her, and held the itor I, hitr hand without inviting him to rolnt,· In. SCon i I ,tot n-e Mr. Bell ? " inquired Albert. "' l he h engged ? " "I I thik he is," shIe answerrl. " Ie haa just got ,llnnr, snd lie always has a , lp a1 tir it. 'erhisps you would rall ogain if your bii,' cas ii not very ilnolertant." " It lie'. hlpein to Iie iiipirtant, thiigh." la*rvret Allrt : " and an he iie rloset'd. only1 with .1orllhin*,i ll t'ke the risk nf interruil.tii the connultatien. iell you phlase, therelfori, show me to, his tuono " eFreing thi tii .luter--loukin g visitor was nont to Ie piut oiff. Ihe girl hld thie ay along the lbiy. nd ahlowe, Liam into a rmn she'ved }ound and fIurmlwd with a very large busInrr s tole 'Ilhts was evildently the sohcIltlc c urtce. The table, immense as it was,groaned undle.r the I piles of tape- secured paprs. The ehl.'rv were fillled with nunmerous tiher irpackgetir and noratly lutnted till boxe. In front of lthe tabe wa a elopeianus chair. cuveredl with black leather, andl at etun tsidl wi a cnlliiuhio'lid I sT, apparently for the li'euttoanolitaton tf ciintil.ort Alolrt sat down nII the lattecr, and hadl nit walted long wlhlei the dolor opneid and tho lawyer entered, rubaing his eyes, which were lihepy in tlhi extremi. 'Clearly enough he hitd obeen Iluld firni a otndl n:iip. Mr. Iell bhd mht ,re thc atploaranre of a jolly. jivial al~cermon lhasi n lawyer.. Its corpora iton Ca, really vomithini g to boaet of, Icing nio only huge, but well.pr,.. ert ned, andl iiiataiined by a Ia'r of stolut st urdy oud,,rt nsingiigs. Ilis srck was somon hat ehort. hut UIly it there was a Iarge riund leadl, well covered withl light, cutly hair. Ifs ha:l a plreaslt, oni:il expre.ssIon of countecancer, a imnall nlouth, a short noe. aind a very stlarkling and intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, as we have s.aid, in a very drowasy state. (ne verCy prominent feature wias a broad epansive brlw, bowlnug a tull development of the reaseuiing ponera, and giving asuranee that he was intellectually qunliflef for his pmrofeson. IInlstowing a look of inquiry on his visitor, Mr. Bell went folurward to the table, and de poaited his corpulent body in the easy chair. during which Inrien Albert wna quitlly dtleste ing himself of bas wig, ,mouataceiu, and lpn'rt onw, whereby he was rhangedl front a shiultler .hrugging Frenchman into a wrell-lamsrvl youth with a bright, laughing eye. The tmetanmlrphsis tnatirally mldo the Ilw yerloolk at himn more lnarrmowly and fielly. "A nihitcl stutdent who bhas got hlem.elf into a erate'.'thoughtMr.Bell.who but dimly caught itlht of his tratur, . Albert r??,e and came silently tl, the othr side of the tablh, where the gis .hb:ne fltll uluo him. T'here he atood with his rould Wlue eye hedl on the lawyer, and a smile IlayInig round his month. Mr. Bell atarted,rubbcd his lye more rigour msaly than bertre, iand tarel at the yiiuth li astonishment. It requires uomethbig very en Irordlinary to throw a Iny)ern-ejaeally a ahread, eelf-poaensed lawyer like blr Iell into such visible maizemenrt. or some mcmentia Albert spoke not, hut stood eajoying the astoni.hmeut and perplenxty depicted on the other'f lae. " )o you know me. Mlr. Bell ? " he at length lasktd.atriving all he couhl to eupprema a tainkle in hl, eye. ' Know you ? " repeated the astonir~~d law yor. "' I think I do, and if I do, by IIeaven ! I must be speaking to a ghcst." Albert laughed uttright. " Does a ghost euue disguised in wig andi spectacles ?" he said. ' I don't know," ansiwerl the slcictor. " I never had a visit from one heflre." " I should think not. Well I am not one either. I am distinctly in the bhiyr. I rcan seeure you." " Then amn I right iin .upposiig; you to be MIr. All-trt (layton " " Yoi tever were mre, correct with a sup ponition. I nm that iinuvidusl." " Atl Jou were nlot drowned in Waterloo Lake ." " t'crtainly not. I 1wa very nerly nmurder ed there, hut, ae gouod luck would have it, I was p llled oult al:ter ny mur lerer had gone off. ieeumtny that Li; |Hn,|l It1entltons towanrs mehad uto aurely fulfilld, lily dheerirsi reiterve ii,,: t iu a tiuatuon, and I thui.:t ht i, well to krep remtrie tor time. ty father.l death ha., Io 1.e1r, hrtu ecght m out ri crncaltnentt. antl I lt ('?U to Vyou to yo et adicio. and In lact to cut ulself aid i very atngular case iti your " I.ssni my i?.ul arll bly' I was never more a-tomin?ivld in all sly tlfe," ejecnlated Mr. hell, reciierril; ralidly, and ge-ttng into his i.ual .tale Ut cUolUns. " It wea an IIIteniIIii uurdler, airs it ? Who wanted you out n.f tlh way ? " lMy t-ptioither, I.adly ('layton." "(;, it Ilrave ! was that thel way of it ? She ·shteti the rstatir for her uwn child, anit hired ?.h. nan who wslt alth you to the lak,' to put .u nit it ket was ? " T:.at |? e.n,'ly it." r,.phed .Ubert. " It ii a sh.cknig tnhltrii : und they nsy thhy thuik vuu ar, ,'.'id ?" ""I h?n in on'. diuht oa it--uu.it.er her lady ,ii iier Mr. Ihlipp., her lacy itr. i" ' 'xrlletnle I th. ii. r, e rtr catching his breathl. " thad 'hl.is a iihand It ?" " lite art ann s d paiI rtr. thi it was who arrln.;ei with thu iird.errr, amd bargninei Ior " \Well, I n glad ot that. t'e long had a harh 'it that tiw, iiunitg ble?gkuserd, but if, e crau i miake this nut I htre him iaeek .and heel It; his aln*t trap1. I would glUe a gotod dal to c tle lthl.;-mckL'd rascal swinlging InII a hal ti r. rl. her lady.hlll with hiim, for I hamve al e:, a u eniif onIilun that they are e~ltally l" aix arni half a loten," rejtiel Albert. " lnowevnr I·d they 're ,' canu't put thern In a I:aler. filr you ,y no miural. r was conllilttrd." " W'. cai, trcas;e rt thm, thoulgh." " '.i l.ly, hut I lion't want that. either. 1, L.t I want Is ti bittle them bothb ty getting tl e tct.te fr t:.e rightful heir." " . tc e ray nattr that,. at all evelts,' raid .ir. 1-11 " All you have to do is ao turn up at tl,' I1. III anit get youraIelf aerved." " Fyaelf ? No, no, I ano not the heir." " Yi ire lilt the hitr of Clayton ?" said Mr. it i, *1 Sr at urlri.?. " 'hlc. who is ?" Sty ner'hew. The only son of my clder . rut ier. " Whew I" sald the solicitor, laying his two tulad on ihis ample paunch. " Alothe, myst*.ry." '" 'e; • ni motre of the asme vile plot. Bul I tIliik It Ilet r to lay the story before you ir d It.. It a rathee a long onle, Iut as it will i'.'- yrio mfloermatlon which it sot the utmout Ilul,';raanee thiet you hiruldl have, If you -au npare hr thme. I shall- " " ea no nmre," cried Mr. tell. who was now fully it.reset. " I am tllngige.lI for the eei'itgr, .nr:ld ere I no'.. I woulhl nakei my'll free, lur this ti a mnatter of upar'mollt import. anlce. Just wait till we get a bottle of wine, aid lthien lt me have the whole afair." " A iortle of wine anud two glasses, Bessie." " Y'-, sir." Ieals vanllhede, and quickly returnml with the article,, named. It was somcetling rich to he how ahe eltrcd, firs t Albert, uand then at the wig ndl siecta;cles tht lay on the table. Mhe was touo discret a se.rvant, h:iwever, to take uov further notice, and made her exit, after tmetowing an,ther wondleriug glance on the itraaon visitor. " Now for it," aisid Mr. Bell, piouriig out glass for hiiuelf, hIanlding the bottle ncrunsand laying himself out at full length cu his easy chair. Albet drew forwarld the seat to uhich Mr. Bell piunted. sat himaslf down and begatn hi earratise. Ilriefly,y*t succinctly atinl nmoutelv, be gave e the tuihtnicei of all with which the reader has hlen made seltaintat in the fore. g0ting clhapters. 'le lawyer listened not iiily with Intilnce, but with absorbed attealion the story, ao it wan told, bringing to his foci rTrird elpre.ssionsi of indiigction, natlsraction, snui dilight. At that point which related to Itarcry. andl the cruelty to which he was aulject at at the hands of tChiple,h l,, treth wire c t tlrmly tgethcr. Ili ey tas dtarhe d iand his hals IwttheJ.l nervoualy. The vililanous plot against N'?rlly :Lkewile Irovoked him to honest ange!r, lut other 'nortiois, eclwcially towarla the cnioe, bwhich niner all things secure for justice, gave asb intens, delight. " (Gad, Mr. Clayton," he exctlimel. when .lbert was done, " we hlave the ball etitrellv at our feet. You have managed the minttir nobly, and cireunstanees have played into our haLnd bth singular good luck. \'e are in a p1utiui to ihirer their bethsh ascheme to altom-, aiil I shall ,nin a triumph over Chlipps ahtcb will fully etlay the evil trick he and her I.dy.hiip ditil I letting me ousted as your father's agent." " 'hat," ruturned Albert. " was a uefp I itrugly disapproved of and deploreda, but my 4 rw ys ti=te wa i** .1* minds and Jt awl bad gained shoe a power hwer ilm; she in •er turn, i suspect, belg the puppet of :hipp." " Oh, I uqderstand the thing perfectly." said" br. Bell. " It doesn't matter now, for we c.nll ,aile them, and that's everything. 'rheo dt!h af Walah, of course, preventa us from Ir.,v-n" againot them the crime of iantended illldi ritil,, I you ny, it might do us no gtod to bl, ii ,: .hipps for his roinhuct to the tier btIy. It ,.;! Senough ofl revenge to us and mrortallat 'lln t ,hemI to knock away every plank friom .,il'belH .heir feet, and leave themu flotlldoertig inll it' nuJ." " Trhen you will take the case In hiniil i" ' v he youth. " ~WVon't I " exclaimnd the socitor. " N-owr hil I enter on olli with mowt glto, l)., t n: ,e now. If they are nudaciota cinollugh Itr sm |;ht, an I belier' they will-thr Chtipp.,thki lhi, aorm that hi iv,will crawl tholugh hie Ii choIiii.'d .ute )tiln-ot coiie, th'e. r deletr e eat tiee :lsioim l laUrry will be tht he Is ilieg'ttniot*.. I t]ehoruli I icksoni vail prove ve oplp Iite,' taid Alolrt, halvtlly. Uf eilirse ohr von: at! lirobaloil we chull he sle ti, hn111t sIi the eirrlio'ateP. Itol tI Ihe l,. vei t it tol cool,. woulll, notl t Iep them ln ii, lor nupiiito luiary ibloiim ut nside, you .mine1l111 lan t. ]Ih,' caln'ot olkte you a laa.nb?id 30 ally p1'ce1(.i "l'lThnk clil urn . no," sail Albert en?hatic ally. "'hlit tirry i nol Cihllegtii,.tend ,,olthing shall keep him oiit of thee *tote; I would lout luke it, ,iein If the low gIe it to' mice. " Well, wlll," .il'd Mr. Ihell, " all very :ool. I ihin'L think you'll havii aon ot)$rtunity l(ir lie (lIhlaiy of tchl nllagnelllllllity, for, if I malu rely oi ill the jiiitii oi your totr. as rno IIIoubt I moy, it will Uno I.. dHilcllt to inmkh the 'oy " rlonil ii go i. It is the ldulty of a lawyer to a.nltiip?ath nid crutidier the dutehre which it is ;urobabirh ir p~oouhlle for the upplosite to miake. I toy nIo mnn think it likely that :khilpti will id vcLo her Itdy?lhip to cvoteet ttarrv'a rightl, ee iuug that neither his succ uo uor hli fudure can do her the leuet guotI. Ilt.?des, you are the iiily party to take stejls gainiUt him. And were you a greedyl. graolinl: adleitLiurer, ando Ia law yer nof the ('hipl otunlmp. I have no dloult we mlight icoii.ge to lefraudl theu boy, alid puot you in the Ipo.csJlio ot t.layton." (TO as CONTINE?-D.) 