Midnight Adventure. Five o'clock tea was in full awing. Near the gipsy table were grouped two pretty girls, the daughters of the lious-*, and two exceedingly good looking men. Herbert and Gerald Thornton were sons of one o£ the Squire's oldest friends, and had been spending the shooting season in the old manor-houie. It was October 31, and tho conver sation had been turned adroitly by Edith Moretpn upon the subject of All Hallow's ETC and its superstitions, and the arguments were growing heated. ' It's all bosh,' .declared the Squire stoutly. ' It's only women and chil dren who believe iu such nonsense.' ' I rhnuld like to prove whether the superstitions of nil Hallow's Eve are rubbish,' Edith raid ealinlr, ' There is one that 1 was reading to-day iu an old boi k which declares that if you go in to tho churchyard or n deep, dark wood at twelve o'clock, and walk in and out of the tombstones or tho trees, flowing licinpseed and muttering some horrible doggerel vcrte, you will tee your future husband or wife, which ever tho case may be. Now, I am ivaHy to try and prove it. Who will accompany uie ?' The v nil tit; loily paused anil cast lier dark ejes, hill of mischief, first tipnii her sister, then to the faces of the two young men. ' I'll coine with yon, Ivlie,' replied l)nii>y, the youngcBt Slifs Rlorcton, her bluK-cycs dancing with fuu. 1 XonfiMiii-e, girls,' fumed tlie Sijuiio. ' Von will iio not Inn 4 of the kind. Wlint next, I wonder V ' Well, if Dninv nnd I tnke the olmrchyurd,' went nil Miss Morolon, ciilmly ignoriai: lier fiitUcr's excited comment, ' will you men take the wood ? Surely if we are not afraid you will not be Y ' Afraid!' echoed Herbert, contempt uously. ' It will be just a little adroit' tur<\ What any you, Gerald ?' I R:iy I lie twine,' answered Lis brother 1 If Edith and Daisy tiro de termined to go ghost hunting in the churchyard, we will go ghost hunting likewise iu the wood' ' That's settled, then,' said Edith, ia her usual business-like manner. ' Now, promise, on your word of honour, that after the clook ha< gone 12 you will conic [-traifjlil home and confess every thing to mother aud father. Pro mise !' " We promise I1 cried the youuj; men solemnly. The rest of the evening passod mer rily, and Koon after eleven the young people went to their respective cham bers to equip for tbeir midnight journey. ' We had belter not start out the same way,' said Edith in passing. ' Daisy and I will go out at one of the side door#, you two at the front. Remember, now, ypu aro to etay in the wo^d until the village clock strikes twelve, and then return home, and give a truthful account of your<<elv''s.' 1 Now, Daley,' warned lier sister, as they apad on si^e by aide,' don't lose your presence of mind and spoil every- - thine, for I am dying to take a rise out of those two concoited young men. Oh yes. I'll own they are nice ; but I know that we've got to marry them some day, and they know it to, so let us take our good time now we have the chance. They fondly imagine that we are going to cool our heels in the churchyard, instead of which we shall go straight to the wood and frighten them nicely.' When they reached tho entrance of the wood they separated, Edith direct ing warnings to ber sister with her last breath. At the same time Herbert and tier aid Thornton were striding merrily to wards the churshvard. < Ah! ah !' chuckled Herbert. ' we have been oue too many this time for the capricious little coquettes. They thought they would get us to kick our heels amongst those trees for half an hour. Walt until we dodge thein amongst the tombstones.. It was very dark in the wood, mid and as poor little Daisy groped her «ay amongst the trees she wished heartily that she wa« back in the warm dining- room at bone. Presently, to her consternation end horror, ahe heard a footstep amongst the fallen leaves, and then described a tall cloaked figure approaching tbMJUgh the gloom towards her, waving tfjMatm wildly about. Trembling, but plucking little courage she possessed, Daisy Mtfcnt forward to meet it, elso waving her arms wildly aloft. Nearer and nearer they crept; then as Daisy was about to triumphantly reveal herself, ahe cnught her foot in a rabbit-hole, and tell headlong into the figure'* arms. ' Why, Edie!' gasped Daisy.' . Why Daisy 1' cried Edith, adding breathlessly and lodigaantly, ' You little donkey! Why did you throw yourself imto my arms ?' ' I didn't throw myself. I-I fell, and I have hurt ay foot,' groaned Daisy, sitting on the roots of a tree. ' 1 don't believe those wretches are here at all.' ' I don't believe they are,' agreed Edith, gloomily. Then as a thought struck her she added ' I'll cell you what, Daisy ; lliey have gone to the churchyard, with Uio same idea we had when we came hers -to play us a trick. Quick, we shall see some fun yet; let us hurry to the churchyard.' ' Now, old man, you take the east portion of the yard, and I'll take the west/ said Gerald, as they climbed the churchyard wall. ' Doa't go ar.d spnil it until we have I well frightened the little ladies.' They then separated, and as the church clock chimed 12 Herbert began a. weird aliamble amongst the tomb stones. He did this for some time, and just as his small stock of paticnce was vanishing he saw to his delight a shadowy form approaching liim from an opposite direction. ' Which is it, I wonder?' he thoughs * Edith, I hope,' and fort/with wont for ward to meet her, his figure looming tall and big in the gloom. The other ghostly looking form also advanced rapidly, and in another second they had met. «Ah 1 ahl'my little lady! I've got you at last, have I f ' Well, my pretty mistress Dvsy, so I've caught yoa, have I ?' bu^st from them similtsneously; and then they i separated an if shot, and excls mod, but in very different tones ' Gerald !' «Herbert 1 ' Perhaps you think you arc ooming your poor schoolboy practical jokes oft me,' went an Herbert, his ire rising rnpidly as he felt the absurdity of lite situation. ' Lnnlc here, Herbert,' interrupted Gorald,' we ore neither to blame ; we have been tricked again by those mis chievous girls.' At that moment (in audible titlor CRITIC from the shadow of the yow-trees and without a word to cach other tho two young men rushed to the sound, only to see two blaoked-cloalied figures disappearing reckleBsly over the wall, nml flying down the road. In less time than it tabes to tell, the two men were in pursuit, and soon had the wil ful girls clasped in tbeir arms. The Squire laughed heartily at the adventure, and so did Mrs. More ton, and thrco months later there was n double wedding in the old churoh, and as they walkod arm and arm down the pathway tho happy conples whispered that they believed they owed their hap piness to their ramble amongst the tombstones that memorable ' All Hal low's ETA,1 