WEST AUSTRALIAN TURF CLUB. NEW YEAR'S MEETING. SECOND DAY-THURSDAY. RAILWAY STAKES DAY. It ie unusual that there ie two consecutive days' racing for the Weet Australian Turf Club New Tear's meeting, but the experiment was t"ed this year. After the sweltering time experienced by the officials on the first day, the second daj proved rather a trial, and it is most probable at least a day will intervene in future between the raee days.. The best was again trying, but a moderate breeze tended! to make the atmosphere a little mo:e bearable than on the first day. The attendance was not so large by at least one half as on the first day, but'those present were even more speculative, as the totalizator results showed. The vice-regal party were net present ontbis occasion, but there was a larne number of Perth's leading ladies and gentlemen, in attendance.. As a rule the second'day has its surprises, dud yesterday was no exception to that rule, as there 'was a great slaughter of the favourites. In only two cases did the elect of the publio eaton : the judge's eye at the head of the field, con- sequently tome realty good dividends were paid. In the All Aged Stakes, Carbonate paid Mi 10s., being, at the rate of 62J- to 1, odds that, might fairly make one's month water. Asa rule the hoisting of the winning numbers was received with an ominous eilende, but in the oaae of Dryden, although not a popular favorite for the Ballway Stakes, tbe owner, Mr. A, Forrest, was a popular man, and re- ceived â rousing cheer from the spectators, when his jockey had weighed in. The Can- ning Turf Club Machine on the outside, with a ten chilling limit for investments, seemed to be the most popular of the day, a large number of people gravitating to there from the grandstand reserve. The best odds of the day, however, were paid on the inside machines. The flat wee not nearly So well populated BB on the first day, but still the crowd was sufficient to keep the booths well | en^ged, , Thf^reSraEfi noMtobes at ell in the ] raotiK, ajid^houfffflne or twn protests were intered they werJb not of a serious character. The racing, so fer as the finishes were con- cerned; was more interesting than on the first day. The totalisât»» were efficiently worked, although it was stated that in regard to one of the Plat machines the stale fraud of présent, ing an old tioket with the winning number was perpetrated at tbe expense of the proprietors. The racing commenoed with the Metro- politan Hurdles, which waa generally re- garded as a safe tbing for Snapshot on his Gop miming. Bob Howie, the celebrated Victorian jookey, however, upset the pet on Moonlight. He drove the Sunny Days gelding to the front with such artietio skill that the old horse never ran better, and j obtained such a lead that it looked impossible for t he others to catch him. Snapshot essayed tho taEk, but the run up to the leader took eo muoh ont of him that be was fairly I beaten by a length at the finish. The1 Railway StakeB, which was the second best prize of the meeting, Dalmally attracted keen speculation. Prince Charlie and Florrie were j tie most faneifd for the race, and Dunrobin and Lochinvar were aleo heavily baoked, but. Mr. Forrest's tu ree, Dryden, wen in a good winning humour, and, after carrying the field along, won fairly easily from Florrie, while Sunbeam, aa in the Cup, oame with a good late run, finishing almott abreast of Florrie. Prinoe Charlie, ono of the favourites, wasfourth. In the All-Aged Stakesthe greatest ' surprise of tba day happened, Mr, Towtou's two-year-old filly, it was generally thought, would do the trick, but the f aot that Florrie was alto running oau6cd backers to waver tn their aileiganoe between tho two. Dryden was also in the race, and Lord Hope a likely looking fihert di«tanoe horse. Florrie ont out the running in a brilliant fashion, but had to cry enough at the turn, when Tapean took np the running. The two year- older looked a good thing for the race, but at tbe dittanoe Carbonate came with a great ran, and won handsomely. A protest was lodged against the winner for bumping Mies Boolka, but as it appeared to be an accidtnt it was withdrawn. In i he City Purse the Marquis and Will-o'-the-Wisp were the raoBt fancied, bnt Aileen, who was well ridden by Gregory, oame ezaotly vi hen she waa wanted, and beat the two greys, Hamp- ton and Nimrod II., who l ad run vet y gamely. Will-o' the-Wisp and Marquis were decidedly out of the race, The W< st Au tralian Derby is generally a race which is very muoh a for' gone c no'nsion, and the Bame was tbe 'oas< thia year. The best three-year-old of the aeaf.on ie usually knowu before the event, and »bp fnot that on'y thrre e'arted Kb.'ws -hat th< cîai-sicai race ie not a s'ronp f tai ure in th?, oolo-y. Inverary andE bred on the o¡ her Biot*, and Tareena, from West Australia'* present champion eire, Tremendo, were the competitors. The Cup winner left tbe others not the ghost of a ohanoe, as, going to the front, he easily maintained bis lead te the finish, the race altogether being a hollow one. The Epsom Handicap, which concluded the day's racing, afforded one of tho beat finishes of the day¿ Tapeen, aa usual, made the ranning into the straiglt, and WBB taking mattera easily, her jookcy looking round and smiling on the out" side horres, when Gregory, on Lcrd Hope, came with a great rush on the inside ano? nearly caught her napping ; as it WSB, there; was a desperate finish, aid Tapean won by* I half a head. Forward ran a good third. Ap. I pended are the resulta : THB HURDLES.-A bandioap of 70 sovs.; second horse to receive 10 sovs. cf the stake. About two miles and one furlong. . Mr. J. Eeaney'a Moonlight, lOst, (Howie) 1 Mr. G. A. Towton's Snapshot, list. 61b. (Malone) ... ... ... ... 2 Mr. M. Locke's Gold and Black, Hat. 41b. (Pullen) ... ,.,. » Messrs. Gull BroH*. Hero, lOst. 101b. (O'Mara) . . 0 Mr. Stephen's Glentromie, 9sfc. (G. Boberta) ... ,. 0 Mr. Darlot cent the field away to a good start, Bob Howie taking the best advantage he couldj by jumping straight, away, 'with Gold and Moak as bia nearest companion. Hero and Snapshot followed, and Glentromie last. Coming away from the cutting Moos' light was ahead several lengths, with Gold and Black behind and Snapshot aa attendant. Thé first jump was negotiated by Moonlight, two lengths «head of bis field, and the ethe» followed tafely over, Glentromie being last» Tbe grand stand jump was taken by Moon- . light three or four lengths ahead of the others, frith Gold and Black and Snapshot in dose attendance. Moonlight still led his field, and es the horses came out of the cutting Howie was seen leading by about ll or twelve lengths. Then Snapshot and Gold and Black set eail after Moonlight, and e> great race was ran. Bat Howie knew too muoh for the others and hold his horse safely. Malone, had the whip on Snapshot, and the gallant iron grey struggled hard to wrest the victory,, bot it waa of no avail, for Howie only bad to shake np Moonlight and he won by nearly two lengths from Snapshot, Gold and Black being three lengths behind him ; Hero and Glentromie a long distanoe away. ' < Time, 4min. 12sec. Dividends : £8 14s. in* side; £3 13s. and .S3 10s. outside. THE BAILWAY STAKES.-A handicap of 200 sovs. ; 175 sovs. of the said sum to go to the first boree, 25 sovs. to the second .-'horse. One mile and a quarter. Mr. A. Forrest's br h Dryden, 8st. 71b. (Hutch. nB) ... ... . 1 Mr. G. A. Towton's oh m Florrie, Sat iib. (Cartwright) ... ... v.. 1«, 2 McBBra.Criddleand McPherson's Sunbeam, j 7st,?lb. (Power) ... *" '-? The other starters were-Carbonate, Sat. | Boburite, Bat. 71b. ; Prince Charlie, : Sst. j ? Dunrobin, 7at. lOlb. j LookeviHe,ïst. <Ub.f Skylight, 7st. 21b. ^Lochinvar, 6st. iib.f Fidelity, 6st. 71b.; Primrose* 6st. 71b. The field were tent away in a buuoh, 0ar« bonate being the firat te lead. At the furlong post Lockinvar took matters-in . hand and- led, closely followed by ? Dryden. At the cutting Dryden supers : Beded Lookinvar, with Primrose, Sunbeam,-;: and Carbonate ae attendants. Florrie came i np at the back of the bill and challenged. Dryden. Primrose here showed signs of distress and fell back beaten. Prinoe Charlie oame with a rush, but it waa of no avail. DJ tbe straight Dryden had it all hie own woy, althongh Florrie made a grand struggle."' Snnbeam mado a shot ont and oame very strong, but it was too late, for Dryden galloped in a winner, very closely attended by Florrie, with Sunbeam third and Prince Charlie fonrth. Boburite was last. Time, 2miu.. 14j8ec. Dividends ¡ £& 10s. intide ; ¿610 ls. and £7 Ss. onteide. AIL AGED STAKES -Of 60 eave. For two« year-oldB and upwards. Weight for age. Soven furlongs. Mr. W. B. Wood's Carbonate. Sst 111b. (Gregory) .1 Mr. 6. A. Towtcn's Tapcau, 6st. 51b. (Trewartha) .~. 2 Mr. A. Forrest's Dryden, 9at. (Hutchins) 3 . Tbe other starters were : Miss Boolka, 8st> 131b.; "Florrie, Sst. 111b.; Star, 8st. 111b. Lord Hope, 8&t.; 111b. A fair start eent tho field away, with Mist Boolka to shew first. Florrie and Dryden were in close attendance while coming cut of the cutting. At the half- mile post Taptan challenged the h adera and led along the {urn. Then Florrie took the pride of position, with Tapean and Miss Boolka oloae up. As the field entered ibo straight Carbonate came in with a rush and a ahout went op that he wu. winning. Whips were going and a ding* dong pace ensued, but Carbonate came with a very strocg£ruBb, and jost wrested thé race from Tapean by a short head, Dryden :.. being tl ird. Lord EV pe waa fourth^ end tried to make a rneh, bat it WBB of no avaiL Gregory 'rede an excellent race on Carbo« nate, and showed remarkable judgment in tba - . finish he made. Time, 1 min. 32 4-5th sec. Dividrnd : Inside, ¿£03 10a. ; outside, JSA and ¿14 11B. THE CITT PDBSE.-Of 70 eovs. . Selling tafe. If entered to be Bold for ¿SO, weight for age, and for every ¿810 reduc- tion in price an allowance of 7ib. to be made. Smplns to go*to the club. Sevan furlongs. Mr. Kaylor'e bm Aileen (¿30), 7*t. 12lb.,, (Gregory) ". ," ," 1 Mr. Fire brace's g g Hampton (¿20), Vat. 41b. (Trewartha). .% Mr. W. Wood's g g Nimrod II. (¿ZO), 7et* : 41b. (O'Mcara).., . ", & <j The other starters were J Wül-o'-the-Wisp, *9at.91b.; Marquis, 7at. 41b. ; Medina, 7st.; «nd Dora, Cat. 131b. Hampton was first to get on bia feet and abuted ata good pace. He held bis own till the six furlong poet was passed, then Nimrod II. oame up and the field was all of a bunoh. At the half-mile post Hampton was still leading, with Nimrod II. in close attendance, and "Will-'e-the-Wisp tbird. As the turn was being made Aileen oame with a roth end challenged the leader, who at once suc- cumbed. Aileen led into the" straight full of running «nd won" by a length from Hampton, with Nimrod II. a good tbird, Dora fourth, and Will-'cthe-Wiep fifth. Time, Imin. 34 4-5th eeo. Dividends; Inside, ¿14 9a. j outside, J86 ls. and ¿5 2s. THE DHBBY.-Of 75 SOTS; For thrae-year olds? colts 8st. iOlb, fillies and geldings Sat. Sib. (imported geldings exoluáed). One mile and a half.' Mr. Moran's b c Inverary, Set. 101b. / (Trewaxtha) . ... ... 1 JbcJB. 'Bohérts' b f Tareena, Sst. 51b. '"X-^tawtviibjU) ... .« ... 2 Ur. Lwder'a b f Ella, Sst. 51b. (Spenoer) 3 ? ; The race waB all tiver from the start, .for Inverary jumped away and sept this position, from start ta .finish.. Passing the grand stand he was lengths ahead of the other two, _ ^ith Tareena and Ella following. At '. thehalf-mile poBt Ella went ahead of Tareena,. \- Intt could not reach tbe favourite. Passing the cutting Ella came on even terme ' with Inverary,- but it was only. for a moment, for- he* ehook - her off easily, and .^lj^>"ínlfcpv-;the straight -foll of ' run ^dng. Tareena here came up, and set «ail to catoh the favourite. Both horses were wider the whip, bntit.was of no earthly \- «sa, for Inverary treated them with contempt, : jud without the necessity, of whip' or spur cantered past the judge's box an easy winni r, : frith Tareena next, and Ella third. ! Time,-' 2mm,468eo. _ Dividends; Inside, 25s.; out tïde^ l5B.*nd lSa. - x 7 iStBÓV HitroiCiP.-Of 60 sovs. Sir < . furlong's. ? - - JJr. G. A. Towton's b f Tapean (Cart- ** ':'.. ,XTwrigh|>,-" :... ...;. .... ?.. I '?' ïir. NeyJbr'B ob g Lord Hope (Gregory),.. 2 u ^^ISotià&s;'ïb g fer ward iMelbnu)- S :\ fha other «tartera worst Skylight, Ultu inere, feabreees. Fidelity, and Eoburite. A ; rbàâ etart-leît WlUa>ate _staadit3g at the pó jit and the field twenty-to thirty'.lengths ahead, ; ..;^|th.jjBidel||y and-> Tapean ¿leading. :The , -^gß^^-^^fttür, ^ojhíug - daunted,^ «ail " ^ Men »s they í ¿ ^^|^|B\<ÍÍ by igg^;^ f^»^en'4^^^«pa fattie 4tke í& aböt ^Ht «or*£ ^í|HSÉ§f^^ it in tavon*; ' 0>if|||w¡^ -ehortest^of : f^^^^1^^oty:ib^TkM^hi$g Taoe oniord \- f^^^^dheàtly wbh.^ The day's racing, Jíher^ore, oenolndcd with one of the most \- . "ijnitfi'g montéate ever seen .on the coarse. w>i^l%i^:.fcÄÄtit0.' Dividends « "Inside, ¿62 ; Wile..} outside, 24s. And 26e» 