From India. Jewish Cemeteries : The Hindus have generally a custom to cremate the bodies of the dead, and so naturally they are against the burial system. Hindus of lower standing and rank have special superstitions about the cemeteries, and they are speci ally afraid of having a cemetery just close to their city, as they are afraid of seeing ghosts of the dead persons hovering around their tombs. Whatever may be the practical value of this be lief, it is true that they never used to allow the Bene Israel to open any burial-grounds in or just near the villages. So, natur ally, the Bene Israel burial-grounds in villages are generally out of the villages and at a great distance. The burial-ground at Ambepore, a small village within two hours’ walk from Rew danda, was, we were told, consecrated only 50 or 60 years ago amidst greatest difficulties. The former cemetery being very far and distant, the people thought of consecrating a new ground just within five minutes’ walk from the village, and at last did open a new cemetery. Though actually threatened of an assault being committed, still they did carry out their object. In Bom bay there was only one cemetery for the Bagdadi, Cochin, and Bene Israel Jews, but only a few years before, the Sassoons bought a place and consecrated it for the Bagdadi and Cochin Jews only. The old cemetery, which was already full, continued and still continues to be used by the Bene Israel alone. When the Bene Israel asked the Municipality for a plot of ground for a new cemetery, the Municipality, having to provide a plot of ground for the Musalmans also, found out a plot which accident ally and unfortunately lay near the bungalows of some rich Jews. The Municipal Commissioner insisting on giving the same site for a cemetery, Mr. Selim S. Solomon, who was then the only Jewish member in the Municipal Corporation, managed to have the proposition of the Commissioner upset, and, unfortunately, the Bene Israel, since 1892, have been obliged to bury their dead in pits—once used before—to the bitter mortification and grief of the whole community, which, being poor, cannot buy any place of their own, and therefore must put up with all the out rage on their religious feelings and mortification till the time the Municipality favours them with a new site. 