Thè Position of the - Church' of England In Australia. DURING*thé récent sitting of the General Synod in Sydney «n appeal, signed by about 190 clergymen, WHS presented to the Primate and the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania earnest ly asking them to put forth some definite state ment concerning the position «nd claims of the Church of, England in Australia ns a true branch of the Catholic Church of Christ. The appeal set forth that, " in view of the attitude nf the Church of Rome on tho one hand, und of the various protestant bodies on the other, it is be coming increasingly difficult for uninstructed Ohurohpeople to recognise the necessity of con sistent and uiiflinuliiiiit loyalty to their Spiritual Mother their^duty and priviloge to avail them selves of her ministrations, and their obligation to support her various institutions and agencies. This is tho case in tho towns and more populous centres, but. tho difficulty is iucicused to a still greater degree in the country districts." The Primate and thu ll assembled Bishops, in the course of their r«ply to the appen], said :-"The difficulty nf this position exists more or less st home ajao, but it is accentuated in thu colonies hy tho'fact that the Church of Entrhtud here is neithnr.estahlished nor endowed. This, however ¡a but, an accident nf her position. She brings with her to Australia the same apostolic orders, tho same holy sacraments,' tho same venerable arid Scriptmil formularies as those which her people in England love and honor. Ju particu lar,' her Catholicity is'evidenced by her recital in public worship of the Apostles' Creed.and thu NiceneOreed whioh she declares ought thorough ly to be received and believed, for ihey may be proved by most certain warrants of Holy Scrip tures.". That her ministry is apostolic is dis tinctly, asserted in the preface tr. her Ordinal : ''.It is evident'unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scriptum and ancient authors that from thé apostles' time there havo been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church- bishops' pr I oats, and deacons.' This threefold ministry she cannot surrender, affirming as she doe* that special gifts of tho Holy Ghost tn the laying on of hands accompany it. . Her teaching on the S.ie craments is that ' th ure aro two sacraments or ordained hy Christ in the Gospel, that is to say, Baptism and the Supper of the Lord ;' that they are ' generally ueoessary to salvation ;' and that '. they be sure witnesses and effectual signs of grace and God's goodwill towards us, by which He doth work invisibly in us, and dtiBS not. only quicken, but also strengthen and confirm our faith in Him.' The second part nft.he Catechism ? gives our clergy ample opportunities of instruct ing the yoting, both in the Sunday school and tn tho confirmation class, touching her doctrine on this subject. The attitude of the Church of England towards that of Rome is clearly indi cated in the Articles of Religion, as well as in various part« of the book of Common Prayer. It may suffice to remind yon of the declaration that 'the Uhuroh of Rome hath erred, not only in her living and manner of ceremonies, but al so in inattovs of faith. - -S. M. Herald 