THE DECADENCE OF MUSI CIPAL SPIRIT. That throughout the colony there is a great decadence or degeneration of the municipal spirit we think few will deny. Ten, twenty, and thirty years ago as regularly as the wattle blossoms camoout so did a now crop of municipal candidates. In^tho.-.earlier days of 100 a I government in ,Victoria the one could bo looked for- Ward to as the counter part of the other. Old colonists will remember the* groat fights that tboro used to be, the meet ing and committee rooms, decorated with Australia's national flower just bursting into its spring, the cabs and horses gay with it, the liquor flying froo, and much of the bustle and excitement of a latter day general election for the Legislative Assembly or a local option poll, - For days before a general municipal election the press would be bursting out with floods of candidatorial eloquence relative to streets and roads and bridge?, lamp posts and crossings, and an attack on the salaries of the municipal officers was always a trump card up the sleeve of candidates of a fault-finding or niggardly and parsimonious disposition. Now, how ever, this is all a thing of the past. The voice of the municipal candidate is no longer beard in the land. The wattle may bloom in tho spring, bat he's not going to hire any cabmen at thirty shillings per day to run round the town carrying festive voters to and fro in decorated chariots. We have steadily grown more and more prosaic with each year's ex perience of local government. The majority of citizens vote it as a stale and uaprofit* able game. There is little or no rivalry for the possession of seats in the local municipal councils. The councils go through the form of appointing returning officers, and the returning officers appoint the town e'erk or shire secretary to carry but the formalities. To suit the changed condition of public opinion .on the matter the reflecting formalities might bo much simplified. We could take a cue from tbe half-yearly reports of the directors of mining and trading companies. In the next amendment of the Local Govern ment Act it could bo provided that the council clerk in presenting the annual re port should specify the names of tbe re tiring councillors and auditor, and if no other ratepayers were nominated that tbe retiring councillors and auditor be there upon elected. It has practically come to this already in most of the citieSjborougfaa and shires of tho colony. Where there is an exception it is because there happens to be some local “ burning question" of a pubfio nature, or more commonly that two or more of the more ambitious of the rate payers are not playing ineaoh other’syards, or—-unforgivable offence in the eye of the orthodox civio Philistine—there is a talk and a rumor of a candidate coming forward who does not consider it anything to be proud of that work is got out of men by municipalities at 30, 40 and 50 per cent less than it is worth. Voluntary services are gift services. Gift horses, we know, should not be looked in the mouth. The wonder is, , tinder the voluntary system, not that the- affairs of municipalities are so ill-managed as that they are generally so well managed. Ex cept in some matters where municipal councillors allow themselves to be ruled by party spirit, or by the soil having, as with French peasants, sunk into their very flesh, blood, bones and souls, we do not know that the management of- muni cipal affairs could be much improved upon. This much is very certain too, that in tho immense majority of cases councillors are under nocompliment to the ratepayers for having permitted them to look after their municipal affairs. They are generally out of pocket by their attention to public matters, and the time that they fill in attending meetings 'and in travelling about enquiring into this and that matter, they could perhaps epend more congenially elsewhere. There are few payable oracles nowadays to be worked in the municipal councils. There is a general tendency for municipal management to drop into the bands of a few. It is said of tbe city of Melbourne that a very large numb'er of the rate-;, payers—large ratepayers too do not know the names of tbe members'for the ward in which they reside or have theft business, and it is also asserted that a large proportion do not know the mayor by sight or by name. This is. a sorry sign of tbe decadence of the municipal spirit. It is not a pleasant sign either, for take away tbe public’s interest and watchfulness, and as in a democracy, any thing may bo done in a municipality. Hitherto there has been no trouble in fill ing up any vacancies occurring in the councils. ■ There are not many rebundiaot candidates, still the .seats are kept They*havatodt got so weakly yet as the school boards of advice,’ most of which have boon dead for many years/Jand. :the others are dead without knowing it. How is interest to bo revived in municipal matters 1 -We do not think it oati be dope without tbe. principle of directors* fees or the paymentiiqf members is introduced:' How can a municipal councillor be ex pected to be a/progressivist, ah up-to date minimum wage mao, tfhenvbe .has not the ghost of a wage for what he does himself. . ■ - >• Fourth Pack. —Tho following additional reading matter will bo found on our fourth page ibis morning;— Mining Nows aod Notes, Eohiioa, Marong Jockey Club, Starting of New Machinery, Police Court, Country News, Government Accounts, Cornelius Patton and. the Coat £lOO, and Eaglehawk. . To-day’s - Events,— Mooting re Diocesan Festival, All Saints’ school, 3.30 p.m. ; Bene volent AsylatnGommitlec, 7.30 p.m.; Meeting A.N.A. (Debate"Should, the Franchise :bo extended to Women?”),, 8 p.m. ;* Organ Re-, oltal, St, Pahl’s/.S p.m.; Meeting Sty Mungo' Band of .Hope. r. - Local Land Board.— Mr, M,Maoobby, land officer, presided yesterday. Tbe.-applied-, tion of A. Boyd for ,38 acres af Lockwood, hnder ifie 43rd Section, was- recommended. Rebecca Griffiths applied, under the \42ad section for;4'acres 2 roods at Mandurang. /F,- Doble, J. 'Coffey; and five other/miners* dt: Melbourne ..Roia,' Kangaroo Flat, sent/'in a' r petition .Objecting to tbo 'granting of / IhV'ap-' .pljoatloh, :as tbo..; ground: both on ind be|owj tbo surf add* washighly auriferous. stated tbit .there was a well defined quartz roof .tanning through tho ground. The •ppU caut sont in m statement (bat she was eligible, and intended to oemply with,tho condition*. As tbo Mining ; department reported no ob jection!" In 1695, It was dooMod to .recommend the application' for approval, and to call tho attention of the Mining department to the politico. . * a PABMAMBNT.'-rThe Council was occupied J*flt evening In pasting tho .“Travelling Licenses BUI,” and putting tho Companies Bill through its second reading. In the As sembly a lengthy and satisfactory explanation from Justice Williams woe road raia'lvo. to bis remarks on tho oxoossivo blbuloalty of working men. A roaultless discussion followed un tho unemployed and tboir sufferings, and then tho estimates for salaries for olvil ser vants wi-ro taken. Considerable progress woe made with these. Tho remainder o r tbo sitting was. taken up with a motion by Mr, Higgins who'wishes that his influential Geelong con stituent, Mr. Lasoellos, shall bo allowed the right of cultivating a gro»t area of land which ho took up for grazing only. Various members joined In tho discussion,including Mr. MoColl whose private opinion of tho proposal can _bo read between tbo linos of.tbospooch that bo made. Ho strongly opposed the proposition, SUBiiVtKO a Bio Question.—Mr. Thomas, a member for Brokon Hill, moved in tho How South Wales Logl»la»ivo Assembly ou Tues day evening that tbo Government. should at onco found a national fund for the widows ond orphans of tbo victims of, mining, aool donttf; Mr. Sidney Smith (Minister of Mioes)- movod, as an araoodmdnt, that the minors and. inino-ownors bo a*kod to start tbo_ fund. Tbo, amondroont was carried, and the. House rose. Mb. Lonomorb on Labor Estates.—Mr. Longmoro bos given notioo in tbo Legislative Assembly to move—l, That with the view of enabling our railways to pay and thus assist in bringing bsok prosperity to v this country, tho owners of largo estates of cdunlry .lands should bo called upon by the Government to sell during next year in tbo open markot.laud bold by them within three miles of any rsiU wsy running through or 010-io lo such pur chased land under conditions to bo prepared and passed by parliament, provided that not more than ono tenth of any such largo estate shall Im so required to bo sold in any ono year. 2. That purchased land held lo tbo ex tent of 4000 acres of flr.t .class land, or 6000 fterbs of, scooiid oUsS laud, or 6000 acres of third class land, or 7000. acres of fourth class land as sot out by tho Lind Tax Aot 1077, hold by ono faniily, shall not bo considered a large estate for tho purpose of this motion. PIIBAOUINO AND PLAYING ON SUNDAYS The question or play ing' football on Sunday still agitates tho public of Narrabn (N.B. W.) A sermon was' delivered in thb Narrabn Church of England on Suh'Joy night ori the Sunday football question by Bishop Qroon (Isfco of Ballarat), iyho said tho bolter classes should sot an example in observing-' Sunday. On tbo same evening the Rov. Father Honro proaohod in Sfc. Prannis Xavier's Catholic Church, justifying tbo playing of fooibill, bowling; llibing, oto., on Sunday, if the duty of attending church were observed. Ho wont so far as to support dancing and sowing of Wedding.garments on Sundays if thdy wore urgently required, as ho declared that suob forms of n creation londtfi to keep young people together, and away from in odious forms of vice. A match was pUyod at Round Swamp on Sunday, between West Narrabn and Woo Wan, tho former winning by 19 points to nil. The Quarantined Passengers.—’The Aus tralian's passengers, who wore quarantined at Torrens Island (near Adelaide), were released on Tuesday. Tho Arab fireman who is re covering from small-pox, with Dr, Maher, will remain in the quarantine for some timo longer. Mr. Gonldon, mining manager of the South Bt, Mungo Company, will now bo able to return home. Hl# detention in quar antine was most unfortunate, ns ono of his tons at Marong was dangerously ill. Tub Chinese and tRe Charities. —At a mooting of tho committee of tho B movolont Asylum some timo ago attention was drawn to tbo number of Chinese supported by the institution. It was slated by ono member of tbo committee that fully ono-tontb of the Chinese of Bendigo were supported from tho asylum, whilst only one Chinese resident sub scribed directly to tbo funds. The local Chinese wore somewhat aggrieved at these statement#, end at last night's meeting of tho Hospital committee a request was read from them, asking that a' committee should bo appointed to moot some of tboir loading men on Sunday afternoon, when (ho matter could bo talked over and some arrangement come 10. Mr, Marks thought it would bo wise to accede to the request, for bo believed an arrangement would bo come lo wbioh would bo satisfactory to both sides. Mr, MoGowan asked if it wore likely that tho -statements made at tbo Asylum commitioe’s mooting would affect tbo Easier Fair. Mr. Marks replied that though the Chinese wore very sonnitivo ho did not think tho Easier Fair would in boy way be affected. It was decided that as many of the committee as possible should attend tbo conference on Sunday afternoon. Friendly Society.—Tbo fortnightly meet ing of the - Loyal Heart of Friendship was bold on Monday night at tbo Oddfellows’ Hall; N G. Cook in tbo chair. There was a largo attendance of brethren and visitors. Four now members were initiated and throe proposed. Sick pay lo tbo amount of £l2 was passed for payment. The toast of “Visit ing Ollloorrt and Brothers” was responded to by. P.G. Brookloyfof tbo Loyal Bendigo ;N.Q. Teasdalo, of the G>ld Minors’ Prido, and Bro. Walpole, of the Hopotoun, lodges. Har mony was contributed by Bros. Brooklcy, Curry and Thomas. The receipts for the evening wore £SO. Sudden Death at Crusoe —A man named Benjamin Matthews dropped dead on tbo road at Crusoe about 3 p. m. - yesterday. Ho was about 67 years of ago and single. Ho was a fossicker for years, but latterly acted as groom at'tbo Crusoe Inn Hotel, for wbioh place he was making when dualb overlook him. A magisterial inquiry will bo bold to day at. (be Crusoe Inn. The Fire Brigade Squabble,—“One Who Knows” writesln your issuo of Monday a paragraph appeared about tho flro brigade social at Long Gully at which Captain Palmer presided. Upon*lhe ox-c*pt»in proposing tho toast of “Sister Brigades,” Captain Palmer is said to have told tbo ox-oaptain there and then that tbo proposer with tbe aid of bis “push” was trying to boss tho mooting. It was not until Capbtio Palmer bad left both tbe chair and tbe room and returned .again that be said it was (he ex-captain and bis push who were horsing matters for his own in terest Whon (bo disorder spoken of took place, Captain Palmer was addressing the mooting. It was tho uneoomly behavior of throe or four firemen belonging to the No. 1 brigade that caused all tbe annoyance. To tbo credit of (ho Long Gully Brigade, bo it sald ; they In no way look any part therein. Had it not been for those firemen of tbo No. 1, a very pleasant evening would bavo been spent. It is to bo hoped that we will not lose tbo present cap tain who has done so much to benefit our charitable institutions. Christian Endeavor Bazaar —Yesterday afternoon a bazaar was opened in tho West Sandhurst Presbyterian Cburob, in aid of tho church foods. The bazaar was inaugurated by tbo members of the Junior Society of Christian Endeavor, who have worked under the direction of Mrs. MoAlpino for tbo past cpnplo of months. Tho stills woro well I stocked with useful and attractive articles, I and as a result good business was done. There was a large attendanoo in tbo aftoihnon, Tho stall-holders wore;—No I'still: Misses J. Cairns, L. Rogers, R. MoAlpino, and E. Duncan, No. 2: Misses M.- MoAlpino, E. Rogers, and N, A liken. Refreshment stall: Mrs. MoAlpino and Mias Cara Duncan. Toy stall; Miss L. Carr and Miss A. Goldsworthy. An interorosting little exhibition of a musical box,with several automatic figures of dancing cats,wan presided over by Miss Agnos Gall, and afforded much amusement lo the children and substantially augumonted tho receipts. A concert was bold in the evening. The Rev. J. H, Mackay presided, ' There was again a largo attendance. An "interosting' ; ahqVap popprialo programme....was gone-throughJby tho tho-.-Wesf-Hahdhdrst, 'Cdliforaia' HiU, and Golden Square Junior Endeavor Societies. After (ho.concert tbo stall- holders again set to ..work and did a thriving business, disposing of pearly every article in the place.. Everything passed off . well, . and . children who worked so effectively and (ho ladles- who assisted them, are to bo congratulated on tbo aaccoss wbioh attended tboir efforts. ■ Maggie Moore. ln our advertising columns appears a notioo that Maggie Moore, who recently, drew - large audiences at tho Royal' Princess Theatre, is to pay a : visit to pßebdigo vritlL the burlesque “Trilby.” Tho | veteran George Coppin is business manager. A.N.A.—Tho fortnightly mooting will bo . bold to-night a( 8 o’clock. After the meeting a debate will take place on the question, “Should (bo Franchise bo Extended to | Women?” Band op Hope.—Tho anniversary of tho ■Arnold street Wesleyan Band of Hope wos I celebrated last night by a tea and public meeting. An excellent tea was provided, the .Misses Wheelwright, Gray, Shepherd, and Kennedy presiding at the tables, Tho Rov. J; A. Osborno occupied tbe chair at the public meeting. Ho delivered an appropriate Address, as also did Mr. Gilbert The seerd tary road tho report, wbioh showed a balance for the year of .£l3. Tho following pro- was then proceeded with:—Reoita- H?B 5 song, Miss Manning; ceoitatioD, Miss L. Swift; dialogue, “How Tuppor spent bis: wages?”; recitation, Miss E. Anderson ; duet,the' Misses Moylo: recitations., *•. A * ol J®S A - Gw* md Miss Neil qom;'dialogue, “Sambo’s Sea Voyage. w - Tho' oboir sang several pieces very creditably. ’ :Relay Ride prom Sydney.—Mr.Percy Hunter,editor of tho. Australian- Gydllst, left-Melbourno ob Saturday last to artaWgo to Of dp tails along the route for tbo groat'relay . Sydddy to Melbdurne;' Hampden will write a despatch ’*'tp't’tKtf: GoTßcoor,' which will bo carried in tolay", by cyclists specially appointed, Each mao,Swill rjdo 20 mites, BuiLtboro will bo./SO despatch carriers In all, who... will race, for prizes; totalling £B7 10/., The contest vrill probably? bo held about the end of September, between (ho dates of iho Bendigo to Molbourno Bead, Riooand Warrnambool to Melbourne Rsoe. tub Ovidb Muaiu Comb any. —Boodigo will shortly receive a risU.ltpih ! Umbo dUtln cuiehocl musicians. The Ovido Mosin Com pany includes M. OVide, tbo B r 9*t violin*tl; Madame Louis, Musio, P bo " nomonal soprano, a . n<l . . H „ r s ?, ” Soharp, Ibo emiooot punisl, Tho talonted oombloallon, who only arrived »n Molbourno last evening, are to make tboir reappearance there (after an absence of four y° ar< o I Saturday evening at the Athomeum Hall, i under the spirited management of Mr. A. J. Lohr, who also introduces to Bendigo nest week, that bright particular star (in another • lino)* Mr, Charles Godfrey. Mr. Edwin Geach, junr., is at present In Bendigo, com pleting the necessary arrangements. Lrvibn’s Patent. Mr. Goldsmith, a t hiroholdor in the non- prolltablo Broken Hill South mine, at the half-yearly meeting in Molbourno yesterday; “Am I to believe all I see In the papers concerning the mine ? Tho chairman of directors (Mr, J, F..I»onoo) s “Yes; you have my full sanction. Mr, Goldsmiths “And.am Ito believe nil 1 bbo papers concerning Mildura ? The chair man; '*Ye»l should t»ko out a patent for »nM- ; lenco. You aro very insolent, sir. .'* D * 80 “ S * kion at a meeting of the Broken Hill South Company to-day; t A QiiAsi) Groan Recital in aid of St., Paul’s Sunday school will bp given In the schoolroom to-night, at 8 o dlook, I)y M . Bryan’s pupils. The Misses Laosell, Harrl-* son, F. Davis. M. Jones, L. Sharpe, B. Oakley, aid L. Hutton (of Melbourne), and Mossre.'B. Andrew, R , Payne,. R. Armstrong, B. Harrison, A. Andrew, A. Hoiking and i. Henderson will also Idko part In the pro gramme. ..... Flax Culture, —About a fortnight ago Mr. Richard Marshall, who resides at East Sbolbourne, sowed throe acres of flax. __ H ho should get a fair crop, it is bis .Intention to pal io aorotf. Several aowlnga of flax wore made about the district last season, but owing to tba terriblO'dcougbt few of them camo to anything. , Breaking Elbctbic Lamps.—For some linie post (writes opr looal oorroipondoot) numordus cotnplnirits have boon made to the. E olios at ’ Golden y Sqtiare thdv a number of oy» have been in the habit of,throw,log stonos at the oleotrio liglk lamps in that district. XDo police holier© that-they, have beon Biio oessful in trading the offender a Summonses have therefore been' issued against six lade. The cases will comb before the court In a few days; _ L IMPROVEMENTS AX THE - HOSPITAL. —The preliminary, stops aro now being taken to carry out some improvements on a rabbor large scale; Those consist of a hot ndlor ser vice, kitotiob; and probably laundry appur tenances, the whole to cost something about £6OO, Though Iho outlay will bo heavy, it is expected that the saving in labor ana fire-, .wodd will soon make up for it, whilst the oflioionoy and domfoit of the institution will bo greatly--enhanced. At. present the con sumption of lirewood in tile kitchen -alone is enormous, and the results 'to the -dhape of heat,;;etc.,, are not at all commensurate with'fbo quantity of fuel Consumed. Some time dgo tbn board of management offered a bonus of £ld for the best design for a hot water service, and several were , received. Those wore referred to Mr, R. Inglis, a Mel bourne export, and acting on his report, road >at Inst night’s mooting, the prize was awarded to Messrs. McGregor and Coombo’s design. ; Mr.'McGowan suggested that tenders should bo called for the work, the specifications to be rdrawn up in accordance with this design. The suggestion mot with approval, but it was decided, before taking any action, that as rriany of Ibo committee as possible should visit Melbourne next week and got farther particulars. ' Dog and Poultry. —The show of the Vic torian Dog and Poultry Society opened io Melbourne yesterday. There was as usual a splendid collection of the best dogs end birds of the colony, Tboro wore several exhibitors from Bendigo. Mr. Newman.was Ist and 2nd for spaniels, and Mr. Biesot was twice placed second, Mr. Paseoa’a greyhound was highly commended. Mr. W. Manning took Qvo prizes, including one second, in this section, Mr, >Y. Hanbury, of Long Gully, with 25 entries,, ill Ibo .poultry section took 24 prizes, includ ing 10 firsts and 9 seconds, Mr. Manning, with 14 entries, took 8 prizes (5 first, and 3 seconds). “Virgin Gold.” —Wo have received from Messrs. A. J.. Smith and Cos. a publication entitled “Virgin Gold and bow to win it,” by Mr. James Holt, postmaster of Moonoo Ponds. Its contents, which are both interesting and valuable, include a paper on tbo.oyanidd pro cess of gold extraction by Mr.. G. G. Turri, F.M.,LP,A., and articles on roceot gold dis*. oovmos, with information ds to rentes, ole. Run over by a Cart.— Charles Ferrari, 52 years of age, who is employed by Messrs. Boldt and Uvanosio, nightsoil contractors, mot with a severe accident yesterday morning. Ho was driving a spring carl near Wollaford when a bolt became loose, allowing one of the shafts to fall down. He jumped out of the dart to fix up the shaft, when the horse suddenly moved on, knocking him down. One of the wheels of the cart 1 passed over his obost, breaking four of bis ribs on the loft side. Some of Iho men working at the depot hastily made a stretcher out of a oouplo of saplings and some big-, and tho injured-mao was carried to the hospital. Strained whilst at Work.— A youth named Newman, in the employ .of Mr. Rend, fishmonger of View street, severely strained himself at Ibo railway station yesterday after noon. Ho was lifting a heavy basket of fish into a cart when the horse moved op, and? the' injury was caused in trying to ’save tho basket from falling to the ground. Ho was taken to the hospital. Kicked by a Horse. —An. elderly man named James Johnston, living at Eaglehawk, bad his right shoulder dislocated yesterday Ibrough being kicked by a horse. Ho was attended lo at the hospital. 