BBOADBRIM'S NEW YOSK LETTER. On Sunday nisflit a wretched, bloated, unsightly wreck of a woman staggered into the police station honse at West-thirty seventh-street aud asked for a night's lodg ing; hei clothes were in tatters, her breath was foul with fumes of the poisonous ruin which is furnished in the slums at two cents a drink to miserable wretches sncb as this. She was aecorded a resting place on the bare floor, and next day, unkempt and dazed with the previous day's debauch, she was taken to the York vi lie Police Court. As she stood up before the magistrate, with nerves all shattered, and trembling like an aspen leaf, her bloated face bearing uo trace of the beauty for which she was once distinguished, she was indeed a piti able sight. " What U your name asked the Ui.igiotnite "Jeuny Worrell," she replied. ■■ Any home ?" he asked. " N'>," she answered. "Any friends?" " Not that 1 know of." The magistrate looked at her as if trvia<r t» remember something winch left him .still in doubt, " And you are Ji-nny Woriel! ?" ' Yes." " One of the W.uivf: sisters?" "Yes." " Is it possible r Is i; possible? Well! well! well' wh.wver j thought you would fall as low as this. I ; commit you to the workhouse; that tvill j be bet!:'i- than walking almut thf; ptrsifts." i Twenty ytr.trs ago Jenny, Soi>bia, and i rone Worrell were among the most attractive stars on the vaudeville st ige. Their uuited salaries weiv frequently file or six hundred dollars jvr week, hut with the usual impro vident''-' of that class of player-folk, th^v blazed out in fine dresses and diamonds, forgetful oi the rainy day which is mirally ceitaia i<» come sooner or later. Sophia married George S. Knight, who had been a negro minstrel, but just previous to his marriage he took to the legitimate stage, where lie ninde a most conspicuous failure. After sinking all the money that he had accumulated in minstrelsy in the vain attempt tv; become a legitimate star, mvr come by his failure, paresis set m. Ovcr indulijeace had done its work, and I was no foundation to build on. The same fatal complaint that had carried off Tony Hart, Ed. Harrigan's partner, that had slain George Fox, the celebrated Humpty Dauipty, that had killed, in his piiiu *, .Tohn McCullough, that had struck do.vn in the zenith of his powers the Irish comedian Seaulon — struck down George Knisrht. I lost sig'ht of Irene; but Jenny found a friend in Mike Murray, one of tiie most celebarted and fortunate gamblers ! in the United States, if not in the j world. These were indeed golden days for ! Jenny Worrell; all that gold could buy or j love couid lavish were hers. This w;is in j the palmy days of the Tweed ring, when those inside of the charmed circle hid gold galore and money to burn. Then came the change; honesty had once more seized the helm of public affairs, and the old craft was being steered clear of the rocks and the quicksands that threatened it with in stant destruction. Every day, politics, instead of getting a firmer cohesion, seemed to grow more mud dled and cuaoti-;. A month ago it looked as if the Now York delegation would be Morton, and uothiDg but Morton to the last ditch ; now the elements of discord are seen from Chautauqua to ITontauk, and while it is probable that Governor Morton may get a majority of the delegation's votes on the first, and perhaps the second ballot, that.is if there ii a second ballot, after which fully one-half of the delegation will feel absolved from the instructions of the State Committee, and transfer their votes ] to McKinley. ' The break between ex-Senator Warner j Miller and Mr. Piatt bodes evil for Repub lican unity and success next fall. The ; Presidential candidate, whoever he may be, j will receive the solid Republican vote. Governor Morton, who is a Republican, 1 loyal to the cure, would so advise. Ho will consider no man his friend who, on election t day. bolts a regular Republican nomiuee. ! One great factor in McKinley's favor is. i that tbeXew Xork Sim, " which shines 'for all." oppose him. Dana, never a very clear : fighter, is now m:ikiu<» one oF the distinct and meanest fights of his life. Everybody ; leuiembers the campaign for Butler. Notli i ing like it in journalistic and political I indecency is to be found in the history of our ; country, and the main consolation that I those he opposes can derive is, that those'r? j abuses and vilifies generally succeed, while I those whose cause he advocates are equally j sure of political damnation. I Not a day passes but the paper assaults j Ohio's favorite sou in terms which would ) disgrace a Billiosrsgate fishwife. Whether I a man is a democrat or a republican, beinji put forward as the representative of his ' party, ho is er.ritled to decent treatment : aud lair play. Up to the time of his becoming a Vr«isidential candidate, on liv ing uianever heard a word against William ; McKialoy, ''iviUy, politically or socially. Mer. diifered :t1,: hi; advanced ideas of protection, in his own' country and in Europe, but the honesty of the mati in ris advocacy was never questioned. .T~t The style *6f attaek ok Governor Mc Kinley in the. Sum . is the . same which hunted Horace Greeting to the grave; the same which followed General Grant from Appomattox to McGregor nor did did it cease till long after, the honored remains of our great soldier lay within the mausoleum at Riverside, when the voice of an. indignant nation said to this particular renegade, " Thus far sbalt thou go and no further." It is a continua tion of the hitter and unsatisfied hate and malice which, for five and twenty years, held George W. Childs mp to public con tumely, scorn and ridicnle, — a citizen recognised at home and abroad, as oneof the purest men and the grandest philan thropist that the nineteenth .century has produced. Not the high character nor imperial services of General Hancock, the hero of , Getyslb«rg,weresuffieienttoproteethimfroni | Dana's venomous assaults. Geneial Han cock he described as a " great man, weigh ing 230 pounds." The hero of Gettysburg fills an honored grave, but Charles AiDana still lives, and let us hope that he has lived long enough to repent the merciless venom of his attacks on men, the latchet of whose shoes he was not" worthy to unloose. Tlis bitter attacks on- Governor McKinley are making him friends every day. If he only keeps it up tilMJovember, and' Governor McKinley gets the nomination, no democrat will stand the ghost of a chance against him. "Let us have peace/' The Lord knows we need it. Let us have- a good; sound money standard, which shall outride evpry" financial cyclone for ages to oome, and which shall leave our untarnished', honor without a blur or a taint, a model for all 1 future time. Debase your currency, and ■you debase the standard of national honor. Put a lying fifty cents upon the market and call it a dollar is merely the endorsement of a lie which no nation, though hemmed in l>y bayonets, could ever successfully carry out. The adjuration of Davy Crockett is just as potential to-day as it was when it was uttered within the crumbling walls of Alamo three-quarters of a century ago, "Be sure .you are right, andtheu go ahead." "The .question which now troubles the politicians is, which is the right way ? Per haps. we may have to turn the Bontgen rays upon it so as to get a good look on the inside before we can make up our minds. One of the most interesting and exciting features ' of the coming Presidential cam paign will be the attempted destruction of the primacy of Thomas C. Piatt in republi can politics throughout the State. To. men. like Warner Miller, whose republicanism dates back to Fremont and bleeding Kan sas, Mr. Piatt's leadership is offensive; they cannot endure the thought that their fran chise is carried ia any man's pocket to be used alike by friend or foe wherever it can be made to do the most good. A factor which it is well enough not to leave out of the calculations of republican success, is the delegation from Sings County, which embraces the city cf Brook lyn. Brooklyn was not particularly enthu siastic about consolidation with New York. She had much to lose and httle to gain, and then she did not feel proud o£-a-uear er relationship with us fellows ou this-side of the river. She was rather afraid of us politically and morally, and the Legislature sat down on her by passing the Consolida tion Act over the vetoes of Mayor Strong, of this city, and Mayor Wurster, of Brook lyn. As a last forlorn hope, Brooklyn appealed to Governor Morton to veto the Bill, as it was certain they never would get a two-thirds vote in the Legislature to pass it over the Governor's veto. The Governor ivent back on his Brooklyn friends, and now hi;; Brooklyn friends go back on him. The signing of the Consolidation Bill cost Governor Morton the entire Kings County delegation, and from this time till the con vention meets in St. Loais, the Kings County will boom Governor McKinley for the Presidency. Decoration Day, which came to us like a benediction, fittingly closed the week. It was an ideal day, and old battle-scarred veterans who had faced drcith at Antietam, ivfi" had shared in tiie bloody sacrifices of Stone Jiiver and Lookout Mountain, heroes who drove back the enemy at Cedar Creek aad changed a disastrous defeat into a glorious victory, maimed witnesses who swelled the sacrificial holocaust at Gettys burg, who fought like demons around Gulp's Hill, and baptized with their heart's best blood the immortal battle ground of . Round Top, marched bravely along the line. Over thirty years have passed since, the shattered remnants of the grand bat talions inarched down Pennsylvania-avenue " proclaiming to the world that the war was over, and that peace had come.. On Decoration Day the-streets on the line of march were crammed to suffocation. The sailors from our warships formed one of the most interesting scenes in the pageent and they were greeted with deafening cheers along the entire route. The mascot of our sailor boys was a grave old Billy-goat, who trotted along in front of the battalion as proud as any one in the procession. He was fitted up with a nice jacket, on each side of which was hisname,."Major Billy." His appearance {was greeted with shouts and clapping of hands, and if we may judge by the applause bestowed Billy was one of i the most popular objects of the day. The Old Guard of the Seventh Regiment? j acted at the Governor's escort; they are | ever popular, and hold .a very w.-u-m_spct in our hearts. There was an elaborate ser vice at General Grant's tomb, at Riverside,- '. I and in Brooklyn the statue of Bev. Henry | "Ward Beecher was deeked with flowers. " After the procession thcusandsof soldiers and civilians swarmed to Greewvcod; Cemetery to stew with sweet flowers the graves of their beloved and honored dead; In the magnificent Neeropolie lie many Sonfederate soldies who-fought against tie Stirs and Stripes; thay died far away fpom friends and home, as did many or: aur own soldier boys, but their graves were not for gotten on Decoration Day,, and will not be as long as this saered holiday is remembered If there is a man or woman in the length, or breadth of our land who thinks that patriotism is dying out with the men of this generation, the sight o£ such a cele ! bration as v:e had on Decoration Day would j give him the assuraree that patriotism still lives, and that God still rules and reigns. Kapuxda Market. — Messrs. Elder Smith, & Co., Limited, report having held their usual monthly market- on Thursday, November 5, when they sold 58 cattle, 3,42p sheep, 256 pi?s, 7 horses, sundries, j There was a go,id attendance of hurers at j the s;iie, and prices for sheep were very j eoo.l, whilst fat cat-tie and piijs realised i piifes eqaulto those ruling in Adelaide.. I " Waiting" is the stumbling-blwcb of prngress and leform. Doing is the lerer ; that moves the world. It is another's fault i£ he be unjrrateful, , but it is mine if I d&.not c'ive. To find cue thankful man, I will oblige many fchf.t are i not so.—Seneca. A knave cheats others; a fool himself. I Among the jnosf ilaiiffr-roiv? t-ools i are reutaiks. I 