ffl IIBIBi ill CHAPTER I. 'J1Y barling will be WAITING FOU ME! ' For the time of year tlie weather lias been almost phenomenal, sir,' observed Mr. Bingley, the first mate of the great ocean liner, the pity of Trinidad, ' and we shall touch Queenstown before midnight.' c; Thank Heaven !' murmured the gentle man to whom he had been speaking ; and the first mate glanced at him a little curiously. ' You are glad to reach old England again, Mr. Leveson ?' he said. ' G-lad !' ejaculated Cyril Leveson. ' Glad is not the word to dcscribo my feelings, Mr. Bingley. I am in a fever of delight ; I tremble with anxious dread. I know not liow to explain the many emotions which throb and burn in every pulse of my being !' His face became flushed, and there was a far-away expression in his misty, gray eyes. He gazed at the vapoury horizon that seemed to girdle the world of shining waters. He gazed at the sky of hard, cold blue, at the bright-eyed sun, whose illusive smile was reflected in myriads below, but his face was always turned homeward. To him the thun der of the great engines in tho black depths under his feet was the sweetest of music, and the whirring wheels seemed to hurl back the mountains of snowy foam with a song of derisive scorn ! ' I am glad, also, to return homo again,' the first mate said. ' This is my last voyage, sir. I have had twenty years of the sea, and now, when I am within an ace of being promoted to the post of commander, I am throwing my chances away — I am leaving the sea forever, for the love of a woman !' ' There is a bond of sympathy between us, Mr. Bingley,' Cyril Leveson said, a happy light in his eyes. ' Is it not wonderful how lightly we regard the most terrible hard' ?ships when we arc serving the woman we love ? How cheerfully we give up the dreams of a life-time, even oar most cherished friends — for one sweet smile from the lady we wor ship ?' ' And when a woman is false to such a man — to such men as we are, Mr. Leveson — we ?lose all faith in the human race !' 'Don't! don't!' cried Cyril, his features distorted with anguish. 'Your words have recalled a dream — a vivid, ugly dream.' ( ' Pardon me ; I had no intention of wound ing you. I only made a general observation,' the first mate replied, hastily, for Cyril's hand somo young face had turned to the hue of death. ' Ton will think me weak and foolish,' he ?said ; ' but do not fancy that I doubt the love and constancy of my darling wife that is to be. I have been away so long, so long, find last night I had an ugly dream. I saw the face . and form of the woman I love drifting away from me, while I stood helpless and despairing, for between us was an impassable gulf. Even now tbe remembrance chills my soul with horror ! It is nonsense — I knew that it is nonsense !' he added, with a nervous laugh, ' and I will not think of it again. Ho took a turn round the saloon deck, but was by the side of Mr. Bingley - again in a few minutes. {**Y'rvn ffhinlr ?Hm/fi wn alrnll lnnrT ttqvtt on the twenty-fourth ?' lie asked. 'I am sure of it,' replied the seaman; ' unless we meet with an accident, and that is hardly probable in such weather as this.' Cyril laughed wildly. ' Then I shall get to Queenswood for Christ mas,' he murmured, ' and I know that Amy will be waiting for me— after four long years!' He saw that the first mate was watchiug him almost curiously, and lie sjioke, aloud : 'Mr. Bingley, I will tell you a, part of my story. There are times, when it is a pleasant relief to talk of ourselves to a fellow- creature — to ono who is in sympathy with us, and I think that our friendship began from the first hour I had on board the City of Trinidad.' Tho seaman pressed the young man's hand 'with a hearty grip. 'I will tell you a part of my story, and then you will help me to laugh away my fears,' continued Cyril Leveson. ' You will tell me that I am foolish and' cowardly.' M.r. Bingley glanced at the tall, well-knit figure, at tho. manly, nervous hands, at the handsomo faco, full of intellect and power, and he smiled. 'I should not like to say that you are a coward,' he replied. ' No, Mr., Leveson, you are anything but a. coward.' 'Listen,' Cyril went on, impatiently: ??'?It is four years since I left England, to make a fortune for the woman I love better than aught else in tho wild world. Wo met in a romantic way, and we loved each other. She .was the, penniless niece : of a clergyman. I was lieiiv to a title and ? a splendid rent roll. At last I told my unele of our attachment, and was qmtei prepared for the torrent of abuse that was hurled at me. I would not frivo up my darling, and ho sent me from his doors a pauper, with his curses ringing in my ears He swore that ho would disinherit me— that -every shilling he possessed should go to the lady he wished mo to marry, to my haughty cousin, the Lady Margaret Gresliam. 'I could do nothing in England, where I was known, sol went abroad. I believe that 1 I have 'travelled over one half of the globe in search of tho fortune I set out to obtain, and I am now returning empty-handed. Indeed I often wonder liow I havo managed to live ??at all ! . ° t ' Through all this I havo maintained* a regu lar correspondence with my darling, and mv letters have been filled hope, while my heart , has been cold with despair. ' But after nearly four years, my. uncle re lented. Ho obtained my address from tho rector, and wrote to me. Ho was feeble, perhaps dying. He begged of mo to forget . the past, and to return home at cnco — to the ? 'homo which ^asinine. I cannot tell you how -? happy this made me ; it seemed that the f closed gates of paradise liad opened to mo again ! I immediately wrote to my uncle ; I wrote to my darling Amy. I told them that I was coming home by the first steamer that left Montreal for England.' ' And why did you not do so ?' tho seaman asked in surprise. ' Why did you go to New York ?' ' I sailed in tho ill-fated Grosvenor, Cyril went on. ' I sailed for England nearly eight weeks since !' Mr. Bingley regarded him in astonishment. ' You are one of the six men who survived the wreck ?' ho said. ' I am one of those unfortunate, or for tunate men,' Cyril laughed, ' and I shall never forget tho sufferings and privations that we endured for three weeks in an open boat. At last we were picked up by a slow-going freight boat bound for New York, and I had the unusual experience of seeing an account of my own death in print. One of the sailors lent me an English newspaper containing a description of the wreck of the Grosvenor, and my name was among the lost ! ^ ' I think that my previous sufferings even paled before tho intense anxiety that now con sttmedme — anxiety to communicate with those at home who were mourning me as dead. Immediately after we were landed at Now York, I cabled to my darling and to my uncle; I told them that I had been saved, and would leave for England on the first steamer. I waited, oh ! how anxiously for a reply. I waited until the City of Trinidad sailed, but nothing came. ? Can you wonder that I am noi'vous and apprehensive ? Perhaps the shock has killed my darling !' He stared wildly, appealingly, at tho first officer, his strong form shivering with dread. ' You must not give way like this,' Mr. Bingley said, kindly, ' Young women are not killed so easily. You will find your sweetheart awaiting you with open arms, as I shall mine !' ' I pray Heaven may grant' that it bo so ! If anything has happened to my dear one, 1 shall go mad ! I shall go mad !' ' Your nerves are completely unstrung, Mr. Leveson, and you must pull yourself to gether, or we shall have' you on the sick list.' ' No,' replied Cyril, energetically, ' I am not afraid of that. I shall be strong and well until — until ? ' He broke off short, and a half-sob escaped him. The beautiful face of his darling rose before him as tit had in his dream, and he , covered his eyes, groaning : 1 ' Mr. Bingley, I believe that you are right. I am making myself ill. It is the result of my long exposure to the 'elements after the wreck.' ' Turn in early,' advised the mate, 'and try the effects of a good niglit-cap. I will mix it for myself.' 'Thank you; I will take your advice,' Cyril said. ' See, the sun is dipping beyond the ocean, and the western skies seem all on fire.' ' Grand weather for our last day's run,' supplemented the officer. ' We shall land the passengers by noon to-morrow.' ' Christmas Eve !' Cyril' murmured. ' I shall reach Queenswood on Christmas Eve, and my darling will be waiting for me !' He looked away, beyond the prow of the gallant ship, whose graceful movements were soothing to his weary mind, as sbe rode the foamy billows like a gigantic bird of the sea — he looked homeward, ever homeward ! ' CHAPTER II, A VISITOR AT THE RECTORY. One of the loveliest country villages in England was Queenswood. It nestled in a verdant valley and seemed to be entirely hid den from the toilsome world beyond. It boasted perhaps a couple of dozen shops, a picturesque old inn, whose genial proprietor had once been head coachman to the lord of the' manor, and a genuine village green, shaded by a magnificent, wide spreading oak tree, where the old inhabitants amused the young sters by reciting a wonderfnl stories. Standing on a gentle eminence, about a mile from the village, was Queenswood Hall, the home of the great Lord of Queenswood, I its parks, its thousands of acres of smiling. I fields ; and the simple villagers believed him to be equal to any monarch in the whole world. The nearest railway station was eight miles from Queeswood so that visitors were very rare. If a stranger chanced upon the spot, he -was made uncomfortable by the suspicious glances of the country folk. They never interfered with people in the outer world, and they have no _ wish to be intefcred with. Therefore, they strongly resented the appear ance of a tall, dark man who swooped upon the village this morning, almost like a bird of evil omen, aud asked his way to the rectory. He drove through the quiet street in a hired vehicle which deposited him at thedoor of the Queenswood Arms. He paid the driver, and strode into Jim Brooks' parlor— a parlor usually reserved for the elite of the village, who patronized the inn to discuss the burning questions of tho hour. \- Mr. Brooks'mettke stranger with a haughty stare. Mr., Brooks has been a trusted servant of my lord of Queenswood. for thirty years, and know hotr to look haughty. ' My good fellow,' sanl the strauger, easily, 'Fetch me a bottle of port, and let it be a t least twenty years old. Oh, you needen't tell rue anything about its qualities,' he added, tossing down a bright sovereign. ' I know the ways of old servants. One of 'em always keeps the village tavern, and another doesn't let him run short of good stuff to sell, even if he lias to pay secret visits to . my lord's wine cellar. Ha! ha! ha!' ? He, seemed to enjoy this questionable joke, and prevented Jim Brooks' explosion of indig nation by telling him to keep the change. The stranger tasted the wine, - and pro nounced it to be very good, adding : 'You will not mind me, Mr. Brooks, when you know mo a little better. I always was, considered funny, but there is no harm in me!' ' Are you going to stay long in Queens wood, sir?' asked Brooks, very much- molli- fied by his guest's generosity. ' A few weeks, probably, and if you will direct me to the. rectory I shall bo much obliged. The parson and I are vory old friends.' - 'Certainly, sir, that is easily dono. You can see the church from the window.hore, and that is the rector's house beside it. The stranger smiled his thanks, and half an hour later was on his way to the rectory, fully aware that the landlord was being plied with questons by half the tradesmen in the place. There s no mistake about his being ' a «ixru ?n' ?*'99ks told liis neighbours. Why, he paid me a, sovereign for a bottle of port, and only drank a couple of glasses out of it ! But Ican't say I like the look of his hand some face ; it reminds me of an eagls, or a hawk ; and he's a soldier, or I'm out of my reckon ing.' _ , Meanwhile, the gentleman who was causing so much speculation, had walked in a leisurely way towards the moss- grown old church, and was gazing critically at the rector's pretty homsc, which seemed to nestle for protection under one wing of tho sacred cdifico. Then lie opened tho gate that led into a neatly kept garden, and stepping along tho gravelled path, with its trim boarders, rang a modest peal on tho door-bell. His summons was answered by a middle aged woman of severe aspect, who regarded the stranger in questioning surprise. ' Is the rector within ?' he demanded. ' Yes, sir,' was the reply, ' but he is not very well.' 'Ah! Iam sorry to hear that,' was- the response, in suave tones ; ' but he will be glad to see me. I am an old friend of his college days.' 'Will you come in, sir?' asked the woman. ' Certainly ; I havo travelled thousands of miles to see my old chum, and [have no inten tion of being turned away.' Ho spoke pleasantly, but there was a hidden determination in his manner that made the rector's housekeeper feel both annoyed and uncomfortable. 'Yon need not announce me,' ho continued. ' I take it that you are ? ' ' Mrs. Meade, sir. I am Mr. Carleton's lionsekecper,' was the dignified reply. ' My master is in the library. Follow me please.' The stranger obeyed, and Mrs. Meade knocked at a door at the end of tho winding old hall- way. A fretful voice said ' Come in,' and the housekeeper opened the door, saying: ' A gentleman to see you, sir. He would not give me his name.' The rector was about to deny hie visitor admitance, when the stranger coolly stepped into the room and closed the door on the housekeeper's face. ' What is the meaning of this, sir ? ' demand ed tho clergyman, angrily. ' I will not suffer such insolence ! ' He had jumped to his feet, and was glaring at the intruder with fierce eyes. ' Jove ! Carleton, can it be that you have forgotten me ? ' said the stranger, carelessly layirg|his hat and his gloves on a small table at his side. ' A nice sort of welcome this is after an absence of twenty-two years. ' The rector gazed at -the man before him with dilating eyes, then his left hand went upward as though to press back the purple veins that were forming like twisted cords about his forehead. ' Lismore ! ' he whispered, through lips as white as the front of his spotless shirt; ' Denzil Lismore ! ' ( 'Yes, Carleton, it is I. Don't look so scared, old man, ' he laughed, contemptuously ' I am not an avenging Nemesis ! Jove ! I flatter myself I am a little too good-looking to be mistaken for one of the infernal deities ! A pretty sort of welcome this is, truly ! ' Tht rector had dropped back into his seat, weak and trembling, the damp of an awful fear on his pallid face; ' 1 thought — I hoped that you were dead,' ho said, in that strange whisper of his, ' and that my secret was buried with you. Fiend ! what is it that you want now ? . Why have you returned to torture mo ? ' Mr. Deuzil Lismore toqk * cigar from an elaborate case, and smiled. ' ' ' Pon my word, Carleton, I must say that you are complimentary ! Wish that I were dead, eh ? Now, that is unkind. But you see that I am not dead, and all that there is no likelihood of my shuffling off the mortal coil to please even you ? I am forty-four years of age, and can pass for a man of thirty-five. Yon are fifty and look nearly seventy. My dear fellow, it strikes me that remorse must be a horrid thing. ' Lismore struck a match on the sole of his boot,' and applied it to his cigar. ' I should imagine this to be a very pretty place in tne summer, lie observed. 'How did you manage tj fall into such luck ? I in fer that your patron, my Lord of Queenswood, is a generous man! Are you a happy hus band and papa?' he added, upon hearing a peal'of girlish laughter in another part of the house. 'Thank God, I am not!' was the hoarse rejoinder. 'Now, Mr. Denzil .Lismore, we will come to terms forthwith. What is your price ? Yon have beggared me once, and I suppose you are here to do the same thing again; but let me warn you that my resources are limited, and that your harvest this time will be poor indeed.' Lismore regarded the clergyman, in pre tended astonishment. ' You. have quite mistaken my feelings to ward you,' he said. 'I am. not here to exercise any power T may hold over you. I have paid you a visit merely for the sake of old times.' Mr. Carleton shuddered. ' I know you too well for such. harmless intentions,' he groaned. ' You are- as cruel as a tiger, Denzil Lismore.' ' I repeat it, Carleton, for I am no longer a poor man. A few years since several lives stood between me and tho Lismore estates, with the possibility of more being added'; but the devil always takes care of his own, arid I arn master of Lismore Grange, and all apper taining thereto. , It was this which brought me to England again. I have np ill feeling toward you, simply because I know one or two of your youthful errors. Why should I have? I am even ready to refund ; the monoy .you so 'kindly lent to me; but' I ;! wish to be entertained as an honest guest, and have an introduction to my Lord of Queenswood. This country is- worth more1 than a passing observation, and tliore should bo some very dcceut shooting in the neigh bourhood. ' ? ? ? The rector began to breathe freely again, and the light of hope slionb deeply in his gloomy eyes. ' ' You are not torturing me, Lismore?' he wliispored. ' Swear that you are not tortur ing me!' ' I have told you tho simple truth,' re plied Lismore. ' I discovered where you were, and what' you were doing, quito by accident, and 'I expected a different welcome to this ! I camo hero because I know so few pooplo, and time was hanging heavily on my hands. Does it no t occur to you that a poor parson is of little use to a man with an income of eight thousand a year ? I have only come to ask for your friendship — to introduce mo into a .little of your select society. I am ambitious, and the influenco of a powerful noblo like tho Earl of Queenswood might land mo into Par | liamenfc some day ! No, Carleton, there is uothiug more that I intend asking of you, at present. I am here as an old friend, by your kind invitation. My past is irreproachable, if inquired about!' He laughed, but his ficrce black eyes woro fixed menacingly upon lii* victim. - ' My past is irreproachable, and so is yours ! Shake hands upon it, Carleton, and iustead of looking as though you had seen a ghost, let your cheek be flushed, and your eyes brighten with pleasure. It is not often that such a friend as I am turned up after a silence of twenty-two years. Do not regard me as the man who can wreck you with a breath, but in the light of a master whose demands are small, whose wants are few !' HG laughed pleasantly, arid turned to the window. It overlooked a portion of tho garden, and his attention was drawn to the figure of a beautiful girl who was hurrying down tho path to welcome some oiie whose carriage had stopped at the rectory gate. One minute, and the maiden reappeared, with another of almost equal beauty, and the black eyes of Lismore blazed with admiration. ' Lovely girls, both of them, by Jove!' ho exclaimed. ' Who are they, Carleton ?' ' One is my niece, Miss Amy- Carleton, and the other a friend, Lady Margaret Gresliam,' the rector replied, uueasily. 1 ' Gad !' muttered Lismore. ' Your niece is an uncommonly, beautiful girl,- ' Carleton. You may be of some use to me after all !'? ? CHAPTER III. MR. DENZIL LISMORE. The next day Mr. LismoreV man arrived at the rectory with a cart-load of 1'igga'ge, and the respect the villagers felt for him grew apace when it was known that he kept a valet. Just the same as my lord of Queens wood did. Mr. Carleton introduced his friend to the earl, and the earl was charmed by tho versatility of his conversation. An open invitation was extended to him to visit his lordship at any time, and within a couple of weeks; Mr. Denzil Lismore knew everybody who was worth knowing in Queenswood. He had been the life and soul of more than one shooting party; and the recitals of his prowess in the hunting field were generally credited, for he was a splendid shot. Mr. Denzil Lismore was in request evoywliere. No ono else could sing so divinely ; no one else could tell such amusing and piquant stories. All this the rector saw and heard with secret satisfaction. Did it not prove that Lis more had reformed — that lie had little, if any, interest in the awful past ? ' Lismore,' he said, one day, ' you are a wonderful man. I believe that your ambition will bo accomplished ! I believe you will yet shine in politics, and perhaps get into the peerage. The earl is never tired of talking about you, of singing your praises. He says that you would would prove a. tower of strength to the Conservative party, by cham pioning the interests of tlie middle classes.' ' I never fail to accomplish any purpose I have in view,' smiled Lismore, complacently. ' But you must marry. A man never suc ceeds well in politics until he has a charming wife to advocate his cause.' ' I shall marry,' decided Lismore, his black eyes glowing. ' Isliall marry one whom I have learned to love with a passion that is akin to madness. Perhaps you can guess who has en slaved my heart, Carleton? I' was drawn to. her when first I beheld her, and to love her | is my fate. I have struggled against it ; I have searched my heart a hundred times, but the answer is the same. There is but one woman for me, and now that I am convinced beyond all manner of doubt that my fancy is not fooling, me, nothing shall be permitted to stand between us.' The rector- glanced at him uneasily. - ' I believe,' he said,' ' that you could have almost any woman for the asking.' 1 ' Aud you. do not know which one Iwant? Have I guarded my secret so well ?'' ' It may be Lady Margaret Gresliam,' sug- . gestedMr. Carleton; but Lismore interrupted liim with a quick gesture, saying : 'No, it is not Lady Margaret Gresham. 1 Lady Margaret and 1 are good friends, nothing mor.e. Lady Margaret is a handsome girl,- but she has not the beauty arid the sweetness of the; woman who is vlifo or death to me— your niece, Edward Carleton.' ... He faced round suddenly, . aud a gleam of fury came ' into his burning eyes when the rector gave utterance to an exclamation of dismay. .' I repeat it, Edward Carleton', I love your nicce, and will move heaven and earth to make her -my wife, if necessary. I see what is iu your mind, but I warn you to offer no opposition— to utter not one argument against the all consuming passion of my life! Yes, I have heard the story of Miss Carleton's little romance with the nephew and heir of tho Earl of Queenswood ; I have heard of.it until I am tired of the sickly theme. It has- been recited by you, by the earl hiriiself.. It lias been told to irie by half a dozen ; sentimental ' old spinsters, .who expatiate in laudatory lan guage upon the affecting constancy of these loving young hearts, in the face of the, tyrant who would have parted them !' \ ? Ho gave vent to a savago sneer. '.I have 'heard of my lord's cruelty in ban ishing young Romeo ; I have heard it from my lord's own lips. He shrank from the future Countess of Queenswood being merely the niece of a poor clergyman. He had his own pet .dreams, and Lady Margaret had hers, too, but | all woro ruthlessly dissipated by the little god; of love ! And now the earl/forgives his nepliow, arid ; has , sent ' for him to come liomo and wed. the woman without whom my lifelwould be a blank !. Ho may be here in a week— or less! Within half that time. Carieton, your niece, my beautiful Amy shall consent to, bo my. biido !' ' ' He bent his flashing eyes upori tlio bowed head of the rector, then continued: My wooing, at first, shall not bo a stormy one. I may flatter my beauty's heart by my. tender words, for to bo a woman is to be weak If il fail, Carleton, tlionit is your turn to do soinething for me. It is not much that I have asked of you yet!' ' Just Heavon ! Anything but this; any tiling out tins ! jjo you not see how impossible it is ? Even if Cyril Leveson wore dead, Amy would never marry any otlior man. Lismoro, I beseech you to ? ' 'Silonce ! You have heard of my resolvo — of my mad passion ! Miss Carloton will *over see lier honored and saintly undo in tho garb of a convict, whon by ? ' Ho did not complete the soDtonce, but ho stepped swiftly from the room, for Miss Carloton was just leaving the rectory, a letter in her hand. He hastily put on his hat and rushed after her, his whole soul now afire with tho passion that ho could no longer control. ' Amy turned when she heard his quick steps behind her, and saw something in his faco that filled her with a nervous dread. 'I see that you are going to the post-offics, Miss Carleton, ' lie said, arising his hat ; ' may I walk with you ? ' 'If it is your wish, Mr. Lismore, how can I object ? ' she replied, 'That is a very ungracious invitation, Mis« Carleton. I hope that my presence is not repugnant to you. ' 'Have I ever led you to beliovo so ? I 1 could not be so rude to my uncle's guest and I life-long friend.' j 'Then it is not for my own sake that you I condescend to be even civil to me,' ho said, ?bitterly. | 'I did not say that, -Mr. Lismore, ' Miss , Carleton rejoined, a little impatiently. Sho could not understand why this man should talk in this way. In her heart sho did not like him, and wondered why the rector per initted him to practically rale the house , hold. i Why would he not leave her to continue her walk alone ? It was a lovely morning, with a touch of frost in the air, the hoar frostness sparkling in the grass and on the hedge rows, and thfe robbins were whistling merrily. There was a sweet crispness in tho wind — a crispness, a freshness, that made her heart bound joyously. She had intended to walk through th# vil lage into the open country beyond— to visit many of the quiet , nooks . where she and her lover had made those sweet vows in the long ago — vows which could never be broken. In her pocket was his last letter, telling her that he would soon be home again, home never to part from her more ! She had tasted of sorrow, but her reward was happiness which no words can paint. Cyril was coming to her — Cyril, he lover, her king ! Then the hateful tones of Mr. Lismore again disturbed hor. ' Do you know, Miss Carleton, that I value one kind word from you more than the whole of my possessions.' ' You are pleased to be ridiculous, sir,' re torted Amy, flushing indignantly. ' Unless you wish me to complain to my uncle, you will never dare to utter such nonsense to me again ! ' ' Nonsense ?' ho said, fieitely. 'Do you call the love of my life nonsense ? Stop, Miss Carleton, and hear what I have to say. Wo are safe from observation, and you need not tremble so, for I would rather die than injure one hair of your head ! Miss Carleton, I have loved you from the first moment I beheld you! No, don't interrupt 'me ; I will say what I have to say, and you may find it in your heart to pity me. I know that one for whom you have some romantic, sickly senti ment is coming home to wed you ; I know all this, and yet, I speak in this way, and swear that it can never be ! You shall bo my wife, or ? ' His muscular fingers tightened on her slender wrist, and she felt his burning breath upon hor cheek. ' Oowai-d !,' she cried. ' Unhand me ! How dare you insult me with your disgusting pro fessions of love ?' With a quick movement, she flung aside his hand, and flashed upon him a glance so full of withering contempt that he recoiled as be fore the sting of a lash. 'I shall not forget those words,' he said, with a bitter smile, ' and you shall yet sue to me for mercy which will be granted only upon my own terms ; one interview with your saintly, uncle will arouse your respect, even if you are disposed to hate me, and you will never- marry Cyril Leveson !' But at that ? moment my lord's brougham swept round a bend in the lane, and the horses' j were' advancing at a quick trot. ? . Lady Margaret was the only occupant, and ? the instant sho beheld Miss Carleton and Mr. Lismore, she ordered the coachman , to stop, - While Amy was relieved by the unexpected appearance of her ladyship, she never forget the strange fain tness that assailed her when she looked into the white and set faco of Lady Margaret Gresham. ' My poor child !' she said, ' I lia-vo awful news for you — awful news for, both of us ! Here, come into the brougham. You will ex cuse. us, Mr. Lismore ?'? ? ' ? Mr. Lismore. bowed as the carriage rolled away. ' I cannot find words to tell you of the new trouble _ which has befallen us ! Oh, Amy, read this— this awful telogram ! It has -nearly killed the earl, and- it lias broken my heart, for I have no shamo in confessing that I loved my cousin, ?Cyril, now that he is dead !' She leaned back white with suffering and misery, and Amy clutched at the piece of yellow paper that fluttered from the trembling fingers. This is what it contained ; ° ,- -fThe Grosvenor lvis fouiified, find overy soul on board perished.' ' . My lord had .taken the precaution to arrange with the shipping agents to telegraph to liim the first news of tho vessel that was bringing, homo the nephew he had wronged. ' Dead ! moaned , Amy. . ' My.; lover is dead !' She repeated these words many times, and gazed stonily before hor; then the carriage pulled up beforo the rectory, and tlio servants carried her indoors in' tho throes of a wild delirium ! . (To le continued.) 