The Moribund Sugar Industry. Mr. Editor, — I presume the address de livered by Mr. E. Knox ou 31st March will savo tho canegrowers from placing them selves in tho humiliating position suggested by Mr. Reid, the Freetrade advocate, and other Freetrade vampires, who advise us tn mi tn fchfi O.S.R. Co.. and. under t.hn threat to make their working plant worth less, ask them to stand the consequence of our stupidity, poltroonery and dishonesty. Thoso howling idiots who cheered tho Pre mior with ' My oath that's a good shot at the Company ' (yet reverberating), will at longth see that tlio Company can leave the colony Rcnthloss ; and Mr. Reid's shots will knock over tho farmers who, by their repre sentatives, invited him to fire away. Yet, if this will have tho effect of opening our eyes to the unreasonableness of expecting just or wise laws and administration from sordid mercenary electors, and lyinjf, corrupt, representatives, thou the sacrifice of the sugar industry, though costly to those elec torates, yet will not ho too dear. But I fear not. Tho old Adam, putting tho blnmo on Eve, or the devil, is yet very much alive. So, according as wo discover that it was not the C.S.R. Co. that put us in the ' present 'crawling' condition, then it must be that cursed Labor Party. It might yet be proved that it was tho Soudan contin gent, or tho Kiama Ghost, that ruined tho sugar industry in N.S.W., for our M.'sP., like Dickens' 'Artful Dodger,' will join us in the cry, ' stop thief !' after any but tho guilty party. At tho risk of reiterating -what I have for tho past six or eight years written for your journal as warnings, I say that the destruction of agriculture gener ally,' nnd the su^nr industry specially, iB our reasonable and just recompense for contin uously returning members who, from. .first . to last, hnve been utterly false to Protec tion. Oh I ' but haven't we got our linrbor works,, our drain, and our railway? True,, aud Freetrade nnd corrupt administration is tho price of them. Those who read, 'and houestly think. will need no proof, of , the nbov.o. . See the fox giving n certificate of fidelity for the watchdog ; tho mt testify ing for the vigilance of the cat, and a Free trade Treasurer oxpatiating on the integrity of his Protectionist friends. But Mr. Reid, as Treasurer and Premier, has very different viewB from what he held as leader of an ' opposition contingent, for. we hnd wnon Mr. Ewing was defending himself iii the House for selling his principles for public works, he said, 'I succeeded not because of any merit of my own, but simply because the work was absolutely necessary, no matter who was member for the district.' Sir H. Parkes : 'It was irresistible.' Mr. Ewing : ' Absolutely irresistible.' Mr. Reid : 'The strength of the hon. member's case was the weakness of his Protectionist principles.' I need scarcely romind readers how Mr. Ewing and his cocktail followers earned the contempt of Protectionist and Labor Mem bers by turning suddenly on the party they were elected' to support ; how he abused, the Protectionists as 'sponge and bottle holders,' ' like drowning sailors clinging to a hen-coop,' ' gorillas,' &c.; — even abused his poor colleague (Nicoll) for pro testing against the subsidy to 'import Fiji fruit, &c.; ; repeatedly declared he was not a Protectionist, ' thanking Heaven his head was a different shape from that.' Then it should bo remembered, after all his recnlcitrnncy he was received in Lis more with rapturous adulation, and some of his worshippers appeared to think he was chief mate to tho captain of the uni vorso, and that he had only to order one of tho ropes of providence to be pulled nnd the salubrity of the climate, the fertility of the soil, or the prosperity of the people would rise or fall at his word — just because he had swapped his political principles for a white elephant for the district, and some pecuniary pickings for himself. Now, how in reason could any sane Ministry attempt to bring in true Protection with nine cock tails to rely on 1 aud how could tho Labor Party expect vigorous, progressive legisla tion from such confirmed retrogressionists as those same traitors to Protection have continually proved to be — obstinately op posing every liberal reform in laws or ad ministration that has been attempted 1 Nor need wo wonder that the colony hns little sympathy with these districts when they suffer from tho destruction of industries largely caused by our Members, who are yet as sure of their seats as of sunrise, and who have insolently told electors from the hustings, 'I am going in, in spito of you,' and did. Protection for industries is a natural part of true socialism, but the Labor Party have found more shreds of true socialism among tho Reid Ministry's Freetrade incongruities than with the so called Protectionist Party, who never pro tected anything but usury and swindling ; and the Labor Party were justified in leav ing such a demoralised crew, but they were not thereby false to Protection, nor should they be charged w\th its destruction because they wore not elected to support it. Let those who were, recoive their reward, and the loss of tho sugar industry mny be soon componsnted by obtaining an honest Par liament. If these grants for public works are our lawful and just rights, why should our Member have to barter his moral and political principles to obtain them ? Why is that costly Works Commission existing 1 If our Member obtains more than our due share we must sooner or later suffer for our dishonesty. Now, sir, ns au apology for tho harshness of some of the above re marks, I would observe that very few , M.'sP. are elected by more than one-third of the electors on the roll, or one-sixth of the people in the electorate, so that ' Our Member ' may be correct in law and courtesy, but false in fact. I am, sir, yours, &c.;, ? ? D. GILLIES. 