THE PHANTOM VOICE \- Sitting on the veranda of his summer residence by an inland Lake in Michi gan, surrounded by his family and guests, the. venerable Judge Watties told the strangest story of his professional career. ' Immediately following my admission t the bar,' he said, 'I was made prese nting attorney, accepting the honor ae « deserved tribute to my superior abilities. Bat you must bear In mind that thh was a good many years ago in a little , village town of Pennsylvania, where we were hemmed in by the moan- tains and had few with whom to compare in the matter of intelligence or attain-- ments. ' \ 'In the criminal annate of the county1 there were the evidences of a well-dis posed community - and it came as a startlibesensation when Farmer Jenkins. driving home late one night, was beaten I to insensibility and robbed of a large snm of money. Here was work for me and I went at it with the zeal of an ambitions beginner. Jenkins insisted that be would be able to identify his assailant, seen io the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees; describing him as a tall, well-dressed young man with a dark moustache and an angry red scar across his left cheek. '"Why, I seed that air critter/ declared CooBtable Joe Hnskey. ' I kirn on biro eudden like yisterday when I was Cabin' at Pankey Holler crick. Th' feller war in swimmin' an' tole me he war jist oaten the city fur a iettle recreation. I'd know hiui mongst a ibonrao . 'By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia, we ran down our man, Jenkins and Hnskey both recog nising him at sight. A few days aft9r the arrest and while I was working on the case, a handsome, matronly appear ing woman walked into the office, intro ducing -herself as the mother of the prisoner, who bad given the name of Harry Winter. She bore the unmis takable marks of refinement, and in brief statement punctuated by convul sing eobs, assured me that a terrible mistake had been made. Harry was her eon, her only support, and she was a widow. He was the soul of honor and had never given her an hour's anxiety. He was with her the night of the assault and robbery. They had walked for an hour in the evening, after which he read to her, going to his room at 11. It was a physical as well as a moral impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at his door. Her story greatly impressed me, but there was the positive identification by Jenkins and the constable. 4 Less than a week later I had another caller.; a well-dressed man who walked with a limp and who said he bad been subpenmd by the defence to show Winter's good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him more, for he knew the accused to have a damning record. He declared that be bad a full confession of that very crime from the prisoner who had relied upon the cripple as a loyal friend simply because they fasd met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept away the doubts that ehe had created, convincing me That her clinging love had overcome her regard for the truth. 1 gained a pro mise from the cripple that he would say nothing till called to the stand by the other tide. 4 When the prosecution had made its case at the trial 1 was entirely satisfied. Just after Jenkins and Hnskey bad sworn point blank, as I knew tfaey would, word reached me that there was a private detective in the court room who wanted Winter for a crime com mitted in New York. This was help from an unexpected source, aod I soon had it before the jury that the ngly scar on Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burg lars. There was not a weak link in the chain of evidence that had been colled abont him. 4 On bis behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a deep impression, bnt 1 was confident (hat the spell ehe bad put npon the twelve men sitting in judgment would yield to the cool deliber ations of the jury r->om. After several unknown witnesses had given testimony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called ripon me limped to the stand, and I mnst confess that I rejoiced at the antici pated coufueion of the defence. . ' 'Hut there was a most unaccountable intervention. No sooner was the oath administered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned him to remember that he bad made a sacred promise before his Maker to tell nothing but the truth. The prisoner dropped heavily Into bis chair, the jurymen went white as ghosts and the judge cast a troubled look about the ceiling as If to detect the bold offender. "Order in the court " was gruffly demanded and the case proceeded. 'The first material question asked was as to the character of the prisoner, and that same phantom voice; this time from the rear bf the judge, called the collapsed witness by name and said in measured tones : 11 Re member that the pains and penalties of perjury are not inflicted in this world alone, . but are Imposed through all eternity t- » The court whirled and gaBped with a terror toat its pride sought vainly to conceal. An : nnkonn dread was upon me and the jurymen were stricken with fright. Hard-headed and practical old farmers as they were, the superstition that had lain dormant and dying through generations waa quickened into life. But it waa the witness who cringed and stared as though in the presence of death. "He admitted a bitter enmity with the prisoner whose liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by swearing that Winter ' was a model young man, but that he was seen walking with his mother by the' Witness oh the night in question. 'I felt the ground slipping from under me, irit the dramatic climax was yet to crime, From ati open door into one of; the - small adjacent rooms hurried an emted mah with staking featurtarind blaring eyes. He roBhed to the ipiMrier embrabiog him as a father woulAHave donejand then demanded, rather tb an reqri'ad, that hlB evidence migiiiibe taken. It .wasto the -effect thathehad hemriimptaln 71riti,ffheri;amereboytWB8 a'drammer; :whj|tta;;riBpti»iri JJoyvW/i.iatitw ; thfprin he was rihrit tomfdeJiowe in it cbatge-the boy gallantlv fought back ;tife"inurderonB Mexicans till: atibnjpr V ' assistance conld come, that there he had received the wound which left Bach a ghastly scar. The Impetuous witness even got in a statement that there mnst be some vile conspiracy against Winter, and wanted to confront the private de tective. But he had disappeared. The jury acquitted without retiring and I thought their verdict a righteous one. ' One evening Bome years later, when south on business, I found time heavy on my hand and dropped into n place of amusement. I was Indifferently inter ested nntil that voice of the court room, which still hannted my memory, came from an upper corner of the hall. I felt like running, bnt, turning to the ktage, I eaw my hero of the Mexican war. Be tipped me a recognition and later went with me to the hotel. There, nnder pledge of secrecy, he gave me the inside facte of that myeteriona trial. 'The alleged mother, the alleged detective, the alleged captain, the cripple and Winter were all members of a ebrewd gang of crooks operating in the east; Winter had committed the robbery and his pale had pot np the elaborate scheme which saved htm. They enjoyed many a laugh over the manner in which they had done ' the 4 Robes ' np In my county. Winter was then doiDgalife sentence. The mot her ' was dead, the ' detective ' fled the country and the cripple went with bim. The 4 captain' was one of the best ventriloquists of the day, and had be come a 4 professor/ who made an honest living. It was his voice, thrown at will, that left ns simple Pennsylvania folks thinking that we had encoontered the sopernatoral.' — Detroit Free Press. 