ITEMS OF NEWS. Reference was recently made to the alleged robbery of £45 from an Italian named Della Franzi Poloo, a charcoal burner, at Yandoit. The matter was reported to the police, and inquiries were actively prosecuted, with the result that Constable Skehan has discovered the money in Poloo's hut. He had evidently " planted" it, and forgot that he had done so. Loss of memory is answerable for many acts of omission and commission, as the present eccentricity would indicate. Tho " Christmas Carol," by Dickens, which is to be recited this evening in the Mechanics' In stitute by the Rev G. C. Percivat, should bo much appreciated. Where it has been produced by him, he has gained many tokens of ap proval. Old Scrooge is a famous character pro duction that invariably excites emotions of anger and laughter. Able to resist- blandishments he had to succumb to the ghost. The varied episodes of pathos and mirth are happily introduced in the storm. In addition to Mr Percival'a recital an interesting programme of vocal and instru mental music will he rendered. The Income Tax Commissioner appears to be growing more inquisitorial and exacting than ever, his object evidently being to raise as much income as possible. Certain officers in the Rail- way Department aro allowed free railway passes, and they have been forcibly reminded of the fact by a communication received by the Commis sioner of Taxes. This communication states "I beg to direct your attention to section .9 of the Income Tnx Act, under which the annual value of your free railway pass must be included tig an if nf inr.nmn fnr tho tpaf 189n. In entering the amount you will be good enough to return the full' value of fares for all journeys by rail undertaken for other than strictly official duty." There" are, of course, many others be sides railway officials who receive free railway passes, the most important class being members of Parliament. :£ At a meeting of, the Wimmera Shire Council each Councillor agreed to give up half a day's allowance to the Patterson Memorial Fund. Several Councillors spoke in tho:' highest terms of the deceased gentleman, and of his grent political services. The President will forward the sum subscribed (six guineas) to tho treasurer of the fund. This generous action is worthy of emulation by other Councillors. ; . In tho Kyneton district quail arc being de stroyed by hawks. In this district quail aro being destroyed by hawks of the human species. We remind those whom it ntay concern that the close season for quail ends on March 1st. The new Law Courts at-Bondigo were opened yesterday by Mr Tit verner, Minister of Public Works, in the presenco of a representative as semblage. The buildings were erected at a cost of £38,214. and the style is Italian, and corres ponds in detail with the public offices' block first built. Tho two Capo Barren geese, refet red to a few days ago, have arrived from Launcoston, and been placed in the Botanical Gardens. The geese were forwarded through the agency of Mr' tVnlfa Sn nwnliaitAA fr,w «. AAtltllu ftlA fllll nACft geese in The Gardons. . Two offenders against decency wero brought before Mr Odgers, J. P., at the Police Court -yesterday. One of these, named Charles Wil son', was arrested when lying on the footpath at Campbell's Creek on Saturday evening. On being told that tho charge brought against hitti was drunkenness lie pleaded guilty, and was fined for cah-hiro and police expenses 4s 6d. A charge of using had language was preferred against Thomas Regan while in the street on Sunday evening. Constable Dnble wrote down the offensive words, and handed the record of them to tho Bonch. The language of Regan was very gross, and he was fined £2 2s, in default a week's imprisonment. Ho preferred paying the money to going to gaol. Changes are taking place in the staffs of several banks in the town. Mr 0. Whitnoy has gone to Warrnambool from tho Led branch of; the Bank of Australasia ; Mr L. Whitney, of the Bank of Victoria, is shortly to go to the head'' office, and Mr'D. Aitken, of the Savings" Bank, is to take his place. Mr H. Hall, surgeon dentist, will bo at' Mr M. Pincus' Talbot Drug Store fur consultation to-morrow from 2 o'clock till 10 p.m. ; The first ordination of a Roman Catholic priest in the Bendigo dioccso took place at St. Kilian's pro-Cathedral on' Sunday morning, when tho Rev D. Toban was admitted to the priesthood. Dr Rovillo, coadjutor bishop, was celebrant, and the ceremony was 'most impres sive throughout. The dead body of tho lad Norman Pateman, who was lost at Blockwall, near Way Way, a fortnight ago, he having Htraycd away from a fishing'camp, was found on Sunday morning by some children nbout half u tnile from tho Post Office at Blockwall. Tho body wna much de composed. Putcinan bad evidently accident ally shot himself, as half his head was blown away. The black trackers, the police, and search parties havo boon scouring tho country ever since tho boy was lost, as having with him a gun nnd several cartridges it was thought he could keep himself from starvation by shooting dock. The following is the approximate rot urn of traffic for week ending February 6th, , 1896 : — Passengers, parcels, horses', carriages, dogs, and mails, L28.119 merchandise, minerals and cattle, L25,799 ; total for tlio week, L53.918 ; aggregate to this date from 1st July, LI, 511, 035 ; weekly average, 32 weeks, L47,238 lis Id. In military circles the otto engrossing topic of conversation just', now Is the retirement of Colonol Aitkon, and the strong probability that Major Tom Tomplotou will be promoted— as ho, deservodly should — to the rank of Lioutcnant- Colonel, nnd appointed to the command of the 4tlt .Battalion Infantry Brigade. Surprise is expressed that the promotion snd appointment have not yet been tn.ido, but in tho Dcfenco Department, ns in other Government depart ments, certain officialdom has to be conformed to, and this may explain the reason for tho ttnoslled-for delay in the matter under notice. Surely the unsettled state of affairs with tho Bendigo Militia can have nothing to do with the clook-liko regularity that has ever been charac teristic of the Militia in Castlemaine I Mean- wltilo, wo can unly again onuiiciuto the hope ex pressed in yesterday's issue that the promotion and appointment of Lieutenant -Colonel Temple- eon win snortiy ne an necompusiivu nice. Whilst on this subject it is not inopportune to re mark that it is contemplated to celebrate the promotion recently conferred upon Colonel Aitken and his retirement after a servico of over 35 years in the Defenco Force in a befitting manner. Whatever form the celebration takes it is certain to be successful. Richard Carter, workittg at Turner's slaughter yards, Baok Creek, Bondigo, whilcdrunk stabbed a man named /William Jones in the arm. Ho was arrested. ' No provocation was givon by Jones, who was taken to the hospital nnd had six stitches inserted. in the wound. Carter, it is alleged, aimed at Jones's body, hut the latter pro tectcd it with his arm. Alexander Connell, a baker at Bendigo, was fined £3 15s, with £1 13s fis costs, yesterday for selling under weight brund. Tlio inspector weighed 198 loaves, and found them to bo 225oz under weight. Bakers, hewitru I A Bendigo'- pioneer, Mr Ludwig Scholtz, hag died after a residence there of 44 years. At one tinip deceased was legal manager for 22 com panies, Mr Troop, .an Aippricjin banker, has, it is said, JM6imf,ed to tfie Pope a phair -constructed j of snip silver, nnd valued at L80OQ. lady .Brassey has, probably, mndo a record, j Shu is the only peeress, the ' Bulletin' supposes, . who has been the sole representative ot her sox at a banquet attended hy about 600 people, Also, she is tho only woman on eaitli whoso in- 1 dividual prose npo has prevented snipe 500 Vic- 1 tpriap putivep'frtmi tuuokitijb | .We have received from the publtsheis, Messw Stfflwell and Co., of Melbourne, 'Bradshaw.s Guide and Railway Map of Victoria, for the cur- rent month. It contains the railway tinw tables, a coach and road guide to all places of interest in the colony, list of post towns, rates of post age, Parliament, Government, Department', and other useful information. The fortieth anniversary of Eight Hours Day will bo celebrated in Melbourne on Tuesday, the 21st April, by a grand demonstration and fdte in the Exhibition Building, and some par ticulars in connection with the event appear in our advertising columns to-day. _ As in past years, an art union will form a distinctive fea ture of the affair, and the first prize has been raised to four figures — LI, 000, absolute value. The second prize will ho L200. Altogether there will be over one hundred prizes of the total value of L1800. Tickets, one shilling oach, are now on sale throughout the colony. About 700 applications for seed wheat havo been received hy the Lands Department front farmers in the northern portion of tho colony, particularly around Rochester, Kerang, and in the mallee fringe. The Minister of Lands will deal with the applications this week. TTte P. and O. Co.'s Royal mail steamer Bal- larat, with the English mails to January 10th. arrived at Albany on Saturday night. She should reach Adelaide on Wednesday, and the mails may. be expected in Melbourno on Thurs day next, , . . Samuel Connell dived from a boat. : in the Yarra on Saturday afternoon and struck a sub merged snag heavily, cutting his head open and sustaining other serious injuries. He was taken to the hospital, where he lies iiy a precarious condton." "Charles Rotherant, aged 70, was run over in Clarendon-street, South Melbourne, on Satur day. and had both legs broken in several places, besides sustaining other injuries likely to cause death. - ; James Gilfeddcr, son nf Sergeant Gilfodder, of Kilmore, went to batho in t lie Kilntore re servoir on Saturday. His clothes were found on the embankment, and on search being made the dead body of the lad, who was 16 years old, was found in the water. The' steamer Chilka has arrived at Wellington from Calcutta via Singapore and Thursday Island. She fell in with tho cyclone which de vastated Tptviisville, and for four days laboured in a terrific sea off tho Queensland coast. Olio immense sea swept over the steamer, partially unroofed the cabin abaft the engine-room, car ried away the fore and aft bridle leading to tlio hurricane deck, nnd smashed the port quarter boat, snapping tho davits like thread,- carrying tho whole wreckage overboard. A dairy farmer named Kennedy, living at' Cape Bridgowater, haa lost about a dozen cows: from his herd. Tho cause of death is so far un known excopt that tho animals seemed to be unable to drink, and an examination alter death disclosed a swelling in the throat, and the fact that the food in tho stomach was apparently not undergoing the process of assimilation. Tltero are at present about 500 men. engaged on the work of regrading the railway lines, to remedy the defects of excessive gradients in the. original construction. The chief work, 'of this' kind now in hand is on the lino to" the South Australian border, between Arnrat and Dint- boola ; within a fortnight operations Are to be commenced between Ararat and B tllarnt. Marshall Pass, on the Denver and Rio Grand Railroad, is the highest point yet attained by a railroad in the United States. Elevation, 10,855ft, Tinwtheus" declares that in the 'Assembly party government has ' for the nonce broken down, and as there is nothing to take it's place the net result is something like nnurchy. At Winton, Queensland, n Chinaman named Yung King has . been fitted L20 and costs for selling opium to an aboriginal. ' This is a third offence, the accused having paid over L50 in fines within the. Inst four months. A Chinese in Queensland owns a racehorse called thu Mikado. It is suggested that ho de- rives-sotne satlsfactiotrTrom seeing a namesake of the Japanese ruler under the whip. It is officially intimated that landlords cannot, in connection with the income tax, deduct from their incomes the commission paid to their agents for tho collection of rents. In the opinion of "Timnthous," even remem bering the days of Sir Charles Sladen and Mr Fellows, the Legislative Council was never heard with more success than at present. Geo. Luck, the rider of Dolly Vat-den in tho Elphin Handicap at Lsunceston on Saturday afternoon, had a serious fall. In a field of 13, Dolly Varden, when about the middle of tho ruck, fell, but regained her feet immediately, riUcricNH LUCK Icfl UnUct bOO liOOFo OK 1116 OTIIGF horses, and when picked up showed no signs of life. He whh taken to the hospital, hut haa not since recovered consciousness. His condition is serious. The Wesleyan Church atGarlicks, Trentham, on Sunday, was totally destroyed by fire, together with all tlio contents, including tho organ, library, and fittings. The circumstances surrounding thu outbreak of tho fire aro very suspicious, and it is supposed to be a case of incendiarism. Senior-Constables Cox and Lorn-, bard aro investigating tho matter, and two suspects wero arrested iu connection with the affair. - 