SUCH a beautiful garden. A spot bright with flowers of every imaginable sort and hue, with cool, shady walks and sparkling fount ains, with smooth, grassy lawns always green and never dried up by the intense heat of summer, as too often happens in sunny Queensland. No winter winds ever ruffled the calm surface of the lake, or nipped the buds of the roses that bloomed so luxuriantly around; no frost, save that perhaps sometimes the fairies, for very sport, spread a delicate veil over the grass, malting it look as through it were gemmed with seed pearls which vanished —like all fairy gifts—as soon as the sun was high. In short, it was a beautiful garden in the Riviera. A veritable Paradise on earth, a dream on which to muse and remember, perhaps, in the far-off years, when the time had come to do battle with the world, and our lot was cast in the murky, smoke- begrimed streets of the great city. Long alleys of roses, from rich, deep damask to pure White, which rivalled their sisters, the tall lilies, their snowy purity, made a blaze of colour with which the eye was almost daisied. Heliotrope, in great purple bushes, cast its 'cherry-pie' odour on the air, and mingled with the perfume of the star-like Jasmine that wreathed its dark green leaves and white blossoms over a rustic arbour. Amidst this wilderness of sweets, its grey- blue foliage contrasting stragely with the rich and vivid colours around, lifting its clusters of pale yellow fluffy flowers to the cloudless sky above, stood a Wattle. An ordinary Australian wattle, common enough in this our Southern Hemisphere, as familiar to us as are the snow-white hawthorn hedges in far-away England, but in this foreign garden, among the dark green myrtles and limes, seeming strangely out of place. Years ago it had been planted, a small, puny slip, by the owner of the garden, a wealthy Aus- tralian, who had tended with loving care this memento of the sunny land of his birth; until it had grown into a large shrub- like tree, and had minged its almond perfume with the fragrance of the roses and jasmine. The noon-day sun streamed full upon it, but it seemed to revel in the heat, though the other trees and flowers drooped and faded in its blinding glare. The air was ver still. Only the drowsy hum of the great bees flying slowly from flower to flower, or the cool drip, drip of neighbouring fountain broke the silence. Suddenly came the hurry of childish feet, the sound of childish voices, in angry dispute, of blows, of tears, and then the bushes were roughly parted and a small figure threw itself down on the green away beneath the wattle in a burst of childish, passionate weep- ing. Such a pretty child—a little boy of about eight or nine years old ; only his golden curls were tangled, and his fair child's face disfigures with angry tears; his little linen suit, though very simple, was of the finest materials, his collar or rare old lace. Alto- gether, judging from appearances, he seemed what he was—a rich little boy. What had he to cry for—he who spent all his long summer days in this paradise of a garden, who had servants more than he could count, whose pony and dogs were the finest money could buy, whose nursery was filled to overflowing with toys and picture-books and all the manifold triflex which go to make childhood so rich? Had he not a father, who, though grave and sometimes stern, was always tender to him ; had he not a mother, a 'pretty mamma,' as he was wont to call her ; and a brother ? Ah! that was it—it was just that brother who had caused the tears. They had just quarrelled over a wonderful toy tram, whose horses trotted like real ones, and Frank, his elder brother, in the scuffle for possession, had injured the delicate machinery, and now never again would the little horses trot when the (Jack) wound them up. Then had come angry words and blows, and now Jack lay sobbing in this sheltered nook, sobbing as though his little heart would break. ' Poor little Jack—poor little fellow,' a murmur of sympathy came from the flowers, for they love the children, and grieve in their mute way to see them weep. The roses wafted their sweetest perfume towards them, and the lilies of the valley peeped out from their broad green leaves and whispered com- fort in their flower-language to him. Presently his sobs grew less passionate, and his tears fewer, and he began to talk to him- self, plucking angrily at the grass as he spoke. ' He's a horrid, nasty boy, and I'll never forgive him, and I'll make him remember it,' he sobbed. The wattle at whose feet he was lying shivered as he said the last words—shivered as though a gust of wind had smote it, yet there was scarcely a breath in the still noon- day air. Little Jack, lying on his back look- ing up into its branches, wondered how the wind had come and in his wondering forgot his tears. After the storm had succeeded a calm, and, exhausted by his fit of weeping, he was content to lie there, staring up through the leaves at the blue sky beyond. But he did not forget his anger, and again he said, I won't forgive him, and I'll make him remembered it ' and again the leaves quivered as with a coming storm. And as Jack gazed a wonderful thing happened, for a gentle voice, the sweetest he had ever heard, said to him— ' Ah! Jack, don't say you'll never forgive him—don't say you'll make him remember it.' Jack grew a bit frightened, for he could not see anyone ; but he was not a coward, and he thought rightly that nothing very terrible could have so sweet a voice, so he answered fearlessly— ' Who are you, and why do you speak to me so?' ' I am the Spirit of the Wattle,' answered the voice, 'and l will show you why I speak to you so. Shut your eyes for a moment, and then open them, and what you will see will tell you why.' Jack did as be was told, and lo ! the beau- tiful garden with its roses and its brilliant vendure, even the wattle, had vanished and he was in a strange land—a land of trackless bush and dry, withered grass, and a land where the sun shone in a cloudless sky as in the Riviera, but with an intensity and glare which seemed almost blinding. This is what he saw at first. By degrees a change came: A long, low house, of unfamiliar shape and build, with a garden of bright-hued flowers on one side of it, and on the other buildings and outhouses, and a large enclosure, whence came a distant sound of of cackling fowls and and the usual noises of a farmyard. On the broad shady verandah were two boys, brothers evidently, and quarrelling it seemed from their words. ' Why need you have told father about my escapade on the bay mare, Charlie?' said the younger to the elder, who was preparing to mount his horse, which stood ready saddled and bridled. The elder, addressed as Charlie, never vouchsafed a reply to his brother beyond a mocking laugh, and the younger lad, irritated the more, went on, angrily, ' I'll tell you what you are : You're a sneak.' But the boy never answered a word, and mounted his horse, apparently unmindful of the taunt, while Edward, the younger, having relieved his feelings, was turning away to re-enter the house. Then Charlie, gathering up his rein in one hand, called out: 'Come here, Edward,' and, as the boy, returning obediently to him— thinking that some strap or buckle required his assistance—the elder brother, bending down in his saddle, continued, ' You called me a " sneak," did you, young young beggar? Well, if I am, take that'—and be struck his brother sharply across the face with his riding whip.' For a moment the lad stood dazed with pain, and Charlie took advantage of this to edge, his horse away from the verandah. But, to his astonishment, instead of endeavouring to return the blow, Edward merely drew him self up, and with a voice quivering with rage and pain, said, ' All right, Master Charlie, I'll make you remember this.' Charlie whistled contemptuously, and rode away, but the sight of his brother's face, white with passion, with a great purple weal across it, haunted him uneasily throughout his ride. * * * * * * And so aided one picture-story told by the Wattle. The scene faded away, the boy standing with pale, defiant face, disfigured by the cruel purple mark, looking angrily at the retreating figure of his brother; the long, low house, with the deep verandahs, all faded away, and Jack saw nothing but the inter- lacing branches overhead, and the blue Southern sky. Presently these again grew dim and misty, and Jack saw gradually re- vealed before him another picture. "The same dazzling sunlight, the same intensely blue sky above—only this time he saw a long dusty road, a rough mountain track through short, dense scrub, and great boulders which looked like, as though in bygone ages, the giants had battled there, and in all the foliage the same peculiar blue- grey tint as in the wattle. a sense of utter desolation over the whole, a silence that could be almost felt, so intense it seemed, unbroken by the song of a bird or even the screeching of a flight of gauly-ooloured parrots or snow-white yellow-crested cockatoos. Not a sound, and above the fierce sun blazing in the heavens, and burning up still more the poor parched earth on which rain had not fallen for months. No grass, save here and there a few withered blades, seeming like the ghosts of last year's verdure to the one solitary; horseman tiding slowly along the white dusty track. As he came nearer Jack recognised Edward —still with that purple mark across his face, though it was not so noticeable as before through the sunburn on it— 'poor Edward,' thought Jack. The road took a sudden bend and then rose sharply after it passed a solitary wattle and a great group of boulders, and Edward rode quickly onward thinking to rest for awhile in the friendly shade. 'Hark ! What was that ?' A distant, rushing noise as of horses gallop- ing furiously. Edward's horse pricks up his ears and changes his trot for a canter as the sound grows nearer. Edward's heart seems to stand still with a trange fear and fore- boding, and he urges his tired horse onward, regardless of the blazing heat and his own late weariness. He has gained the wattle— he has passed the boulders, and the steep mountain track lies before him, but the sound is ominously nearer, and looking up he can see a pair of horses and a light buggy coming down the road at a perilous pace. 'Bolted !' he says, and he sets his teeth hard and prepares to do his best to stop them before they turn the sharp corner at the foot of the mountain, for he knows it is certain death if the frail vehicle is dashed against the boulders. As it comes nearer he recog- nises the carriage and its occupants. ' Good God !' It's his father's, and his brother Charlie is the solitary driver, who has lost all control over the horses. The insult of yesterday is fresh in his mind. Does he not bear yet that mark on his face, and his own words surge up in his memory. ' I'll make him remember it,' comes through his fast set teeth, and he urges his horse forward. What he is going to do he does not know, beyond a confused notion that somehow or other, before they reach the bottom he must stop the runaway or Charlie will be killed. That his slight boyish strength is no match for the furious animals, he has no time to think ; his brother is in deadly danger, and he must strive his utmost to save him—this is the paramount idea in his brain as he dashes forward. He has met them now; he can see Charlie's white soured face in the one glance he gives, and then he has turned his horse's head and races with the terrified animals until he succeeds in grasping the reins of the nearest horse. A few yards more and the boulders will be reached. Edward nerves himself for one mighty effort. Gathering all his strength, he makes one final tug at the reins, and in his desperate effort succeeds in arresting the horses in their mad career. Succeeds, but ah! at what a price, for just at that moment his own horse swerves slightly, and Edward, who is naturally sitting somewhat loosely in his saddle, is thrown down, and falls with a thud to the ground, where he lies, to all appearances, lifeless. Bruised and frightened, but unhurt, Charlie climbs out of the buggy, knowing that he can safely trust the horses now, standing with quivering flanks and drooping heads, tho- roughly exhausted with their long, wild gallop. He looks around for Edward, whose horse already has tamed his head in the direction of his stable, and is steadily trot- ting, riderless, home. At length he finds him, lying white and helpless on the dusty road, and he kneels beside the brother whom only yesterday he had struck so cruelly. He raised the poor head upon his knee, and, forcing open the clenched teeth, poured through them some brandy which luckily he had found in a flask in the buggy—but all seemed useless. No sign of life fluttered over the white face lying so still and passive, with the great purple welt gleaming across it, in angry contrast to the deathlike hue of the features. He bent his head and listened. Just a faint beating of the heart to tell him life was not yet gone—but, oh ! would the heavy eyes never unclose—would the white lips never move again! Alone and helpless in the pitiless bush, with the blasting noonday sun above—not a soul to be met for miles—not a drop of water to revive the sufferer—what could he do? He could not stand by and see his brother die, and yet he dare not leave him—and, great boy as he was, some big, scalding drops fell from Charlie's eyes on his brother's still while face. Well, never mind, there was no one to see him but the horses, and a little green parrot which peeped with bright round yellow eyes at this picture of mortal suffering. At last there comes a long fluttering sigh, and slowly—very slowly—Edward looks up into his brother's face, with a faint smile of recognition. Charlie's heart is too full of thankfulness to speak yet, and for a moment or two there is an eloquent silence, then Edward says very feebly, ' Are you hurt, old man ?' then fainter, till Charlie bending down can hardly catch the words, ' I'm—afraid— that spill—finished me—Good-bye—old fellow —Told you — make — you —remember ——' and his head falls back on his brother's knee, and again all life seems to fade out of his face. Yesterday's scene flashes across Charlie's brain, and again he hears the angry, words spoken and sees the cruel blow descend. He cannot rest here idly thinking, movement of some kind has become a necessity with him, so carefully laying his brother's head on a cushion formed by his coat he examines the buggy. Not much harm done, and the horses, though heated and tired, are other wise unhurt, and Charlie's mind is soon made up. Edward's horse has long since made for home, and therein lies his hope, for assistance will soon be forthcoming when the riderless horse gallops into the stable. But he cannot remain inactive, home is many miles distant, and in the meantime the end may come. The end—ah I how will it end? He dares not think, but with a desperate energy he arranges the cushions of the buggy in such a manner as will break the jolting—and then he goes over to Edward, who lies as still as ever, with no motion stirring the slight frame. A sudden fear seizes Charlie's heart, and numbs it with an unbearable pain. Has the end come ? And for a moment he dare not bend down to listen to the faint beating that tells him life is still there. But that faint beating reassures him, and tenderly—oh ! so tenderly—he takes the unconscious form in his arm, and with a strength born of intense excitement he carries him to the buggy and lays him on the cushions. Once the sufferer gives an uneasy groan, and Charlie's heart beats faster—anything is preferable to that deathlike insensibility. He breaks a few branches off the wattle, and carefully places them so that, they may shade the poor white face from the glare of the sun, and also that they may hide from his gaze that purple scar that every moment mutely reproaches him, as the slow minutes drag by as hours in that wear some journey, for he dare not go at any more than a foot pace. ' I'll make him remember' —the words ring in his ears, the sound of the wheels seems to echo it, every step of the horses seems to repeat it, and over and over again he enacts the scene of yesterday. Truly Edward has carried out his threat, for never to after-life will Charlie forget to-day; he has truly revenged himself. for the cruel blow, for has he not given his very life for he who wronged him. And so the buggy, moves slowly out of sight, bearing with it the remorseful lad and the insensible form of bis brother, whose face, marred by that ugly purple weal, is turned so steadfastly up to the blue sky above, and will not be hidden, despite the sheltering wattle branches. And once again desolate silence settles on the scene, and it grows misty and fades away, and Jack sees it no more. Jack's eyes are full of tears—tears of pity this time—and he is about to question the spirit of the wattle eagerly, when a voice says, ' Hush !' and again Jack sees— A large room, handsomely furnished as a library, with rare pictures alternating with the well-filled bookshelves—a room made bright with flowers and quaint and costly works of art. And in a luxurious invalid chair, drawn up to the window, which is open, and through which comes the perfume of the rose garden below, lies an old man. Well, perhaps, not such a very old man, but to Jack's childish eyes forty is very old ; and his uncle Edward is prematurely aged with pain, for Jack recognises the room and its occupant. As he gazes the door opens softly, and Jack's father enters. At once his eyes seek the recumbent figure at the window, and on his face there is an infinite tenderness that dwells there only for this brother, kind father and loving husband though he be. He bends down over his brother, and long and heart felt is the silence between them, for there is no need for words between the two. ' So you have come back at last, Charlie,' says the invalid, ' but I have not been lonely,' he adds hastily, seeing the cloud on the other's brow, 'your wife and little ones are sufficient company, though none are so gentle as you, my strong, big brother,' and the patient eyes glance up at the tall, muscular form beside him with a wistfulness in which, however, is no shade of enby. And Jack knows now how uncle Edward is always to be thought of first, and why the slightest angry word, the least little quarrel, pains his father so much; he knows now why those two brothers love each other with a love ' passing the love of women.' Somehow the phrase runs through Jack's head, and though he does not quite understand it, he fancies it quite describes what he knows. And then this picture, too, fades away, and again Jack finds himself lying at the foot of the wattle tree, and the blue sky overhead. Only now there is a cool breeze stirring its branches, and the shadows on the grass have lengthened. It must be late, but Jack does not stir, for he is quite happy lying at the foot of the friendly tree. Thank you very much, dear wattle,' he said, ' for the lesson you have taught me, and thank you, too, dear flowers.' A sweet murmur came from the roses and the jasmine near, and the wattle rustled its blue-grey leaves in acknowledgment of Jack's thanks, and clearly, as if in a silver peal, the lilies of the valley, the flowers dedicated to the beloved disciple, rang out the wisdom he had learned at Patmos, the wisdom which is the crown of all, 'little children love one another.' Later on, his nurses seeking for him, found little Jack sleeping peacefully at the foot of the wattle, and as one bent down to rouse him he smiled. She saw it, and turning to the other with a quaint old-time superstition, she said: ' See, the angels have been talking to him' —and she was right, so they had. Mrs. Lake Front (Chicago society lady) : ' I know I've met that Mr. Jaybird before. I told him so, but all he answered was that he knew my former husband. The man must be an idiot.' Mrs. Hyde Park: ' Why so?' Mrs. Lake Front : ' I've had four former hus0 bands.' 