SCIENCE AND INVENTIONS, X HAGKETISM AND WATCHES. \- A watchmaker of repute has affirmed that the irregularity ot tbo running , ol a watch carried in the waistcoat pocket depends, to a large extent upon tiie amount of -snagnollsm in the wearer's organisation* Here is an In teresting study for some faddist to take up. By revewing tbe prooesB, and reducing it to formula, it might be posslblo to ascertain the atnoaat of magnetism in one's composition by the speed of hU watch. . A NEW SUN DIAL An injn J:nfi American has invented a noverfconerivance. called a sunflower olock. He attaches a cornstalk, which sezyes as a ; Pointer, to the drooping iicad of the flower, and as it dutifully turns its ^aes npon the eun, the pointer moves along a dial, which is drawn around the plant, and marked off into hours, and tbns indicates the time. One would almost expeot to hear next that the contrivance can be utilised as. « stop-watch by holding an umbrella over tbe plant \- DISCOVERIES IN 1'UOTOUBAriIY. Aptwpet of recent discoveries in the photo graphic science, Mr W. Inglis Bogera Is said to have succeecded in obtaininggenuluc photographs of images impressed on the retina of tho eye. The experimenter looked steadily at a postage stomp in strong light for ono minute, and then transferred his - gace to a photographic plate, in non- aclimic light for 20 minutes, when the pinto was developed it gato a picture in outline, to which the name of ' psyebegram' han been : given. * On this subject— or a co-ordinate , one — the PJiarinaeeiUical Journal sug gests that photographs of _ psyacb bodies or ghosts c )uld easily be ' fake i ' by o e \ s of tho new process described io the D.iily Telegraph, and commonly called the 'opaque photography.' It would appear, howevcr, that the nse of the apparatus necessary to the production of a 'faked' spirit photo graph would be entirely different from tbat required 4.0 produoe au ordinary photo. Its use wonld at .once destroy any. illusion. ACETYLENE OAS BURNERS. Mr Thomas Neil, B.A., stated recently at the dublin Mechanical Institute, in regard to acetylene gas, that thore aro difficulties efcill to be overc^mcln getting burners which will givo a sufficient supplr of air for the combustion of the gas. When these are surmounted, he sa-e, that aoetylene gas, which can readily be made for 6i per 1000 cubic feet, will do away with the necessity for lay iog -mains and building works on the present system. Every householder will have his own gasworks on the premises. He has but to turn the water tap on the retort when he wants gas. The lecturer claims that every country honso above tho rank of a cabin could be lighte 1 by the gas. SOUND VEHSU6 ELECTRICITY. A corloui circumstance, sa., e Invention,, illuBtrafrating the difference in speed be tween sound, which travels through the air' and electricity, through wire ~aa its guide and conductor, occurred in California. A certaiq powder works blew up in a town while a railway telegraph operator was tele graphing to another in a neighboring town. At tbe instant of the occurrence he tele graphed the news to the operator, who, 60 s:cinds afterwards, heard the report ot the explosion . ' ? He knew it bad occurred by wire juat one minute before he heard the report. per second, while electricity accomplished 186.000 miles in the samo short period of time. 1 TfeLEGBtPHrNa BXTBAOBD1NABY. Patrick B. Djiany,a New York telegraph operator and electrician, it Is said, has in vented a system whereby he claims he cm send 17 1 4 words a minute over a single wire. Tbis was accomplished in a rccsnt test at Columbia College. The strength of the current was a little over 100 vots. Mr Delany claims tl at wib a high r foliage, messages can be s^ntat even greater speed and for any length of time. The letters are represented by holes punched in the tape. One wire by this system can be made to carry mrssages as fast aB 60 or more perforating operators c*n prepare taps forth 1 trans mission. It was calculated that with a basis of 800 words a mlnuts, 32,914 messages of 75 words each could be sent oa a stogie wise from New York to Chicago iu one day. RAILWAY CAB LIGHTING. The lighting of individual railway cars by electricity is brought noarer a consum mation by an invention now being intro duced in London. Of course. It has been practicable for years on trains that are never divided, 'Under the new system the electric generator and a storage battery are placed under the floor of tbe car, taking up j no useful space. Tbe dynamo Ib driven by a belt from a pulley on the car axle, and is so arranged that a train speed of 15 or 20 miles an boar gives sufficient current to : light the car, while any increase beyond I this current and the small surplus neces- | aary to charge the storage battery ib pre- ; vented by the slipping of the belt. As the ! train speed falls below that required to I enable the dynamo to f- ed the lamps, an I automatic switch turns on the correct of 1 the storage battery. The varialioo in the | intensity of the light supplied is said to bo I surprisingly small, the dynamo aod switch | aro so cirefaliy protected from duBt as to | suffer little wrar aud to need little attcn- 1 tlon, aud the extra load on the locomotive! does not cxceed half-borse pfjwer per car. CORIOO6 PATES? APPLICATION. j Perhaps one of the most amusing patents 1 ever granted (says tbe Scientific American) 1 was issued on the claim of nn Ohio man in 1883\. He evidently had not lived a great length of tima on a farm, for hi9 invention of a new corn-planter, while origiual to an ! extreme degree, could hardly be put intp use. The picture acompauyiog the patent is a work of art. it represents an old borse^ driven by a ston1. man, who holds the lines nonchalantly in one hand, an expression of much pica ure on his face, while at his side trudges a small hairy dog of tbe yellow variety. To the horse's forelegs, just above fhn foilnMra ai-a att.cu*h--.] t.wn email hnTAo to contain the feed. Hopes are fastened to catches In the Bides of these boxes and lead { through pulleys attached to a small saddle over the horse's shoulder and back to tbe horse's hind legs. As the horse moved for ward each step of the hind leg opened the s?ed boxed, and corn was sifted down into the holes made by the front hoofs. ANALYSIS OF SUNLIGHT. A marvellous deiioite machine is one in the laboratory of J)hn Hopkins University at Baltimore, Maryland, U 8. A., according to a scientific authority. It fs the oniv machine of its kind, and is used for ruling lines on a polished piece of metal, to form what is called a ' grating.' This ' grating ' is used for dividing into its component parts a ray of sunlight, The machine was devised by Professor H. A. Bowland, of tbe John Hop kins University, and was constructed by Theodore C. Schneider, the machinist of the University. It has been found in analysing sunlight that tbe larger the number of lines to the inch on tbe grating the better tbe result, and Pro fessor Rowlands' apparatus has broken aU Tecords in tbis respect. He claims that if he could procure a diamond whlebwould stand the wear, he could witb this machine rale one million lines to tbe inch. As it is, how ever, he now rulcfs witb his diamond poiot 25,000, 49,000, or 125,000 lin«s to the square inch. The machino is looked npon with the greatest interest by many ot;ttie greatest of the world's scientists, among them Lord Kelvin, tbe Earl of Bosse, Lord IUyleigh, Sir Robert Ball, and Professor Mas car tof Paris. ' The following story was ssnt to Truth , apropos of tho disfavor with whioh . the bicycles of Lord Brauay and his family are regarded In Victoria. The Governor had been for an afternoon ride on his machine, and late in the afternoon lost his way in Filzroy Gardens, Melbourne. He enquired ot a stvlwart Irish policeman tbe way out. The Melbourne police have a reputation for their free and easy manners, and tho con stable replied by layiog his hand on the Governor a shoulder and pointing to a distant gate—' Yes, old man,' he said, ' that's the way out, and be — sharp out of it, or you'll be getting yourself into trouble.' The statue of John Bright which was unveiled in Westminster Hall has been in spected by a large number ot members. Tbe general verdict js not very favorable. There is a likeness to the great Tribune In the statue, but the artist have failed to repro duce that leonine cast of countenance which was tbe distinguishing feature of Mr Bright. The statue docs not cs'nvcy safficiently the strength aod dignity of the great man whom it represents. Mr Bright'* two sons. Mr Leatbiam Bright and Mr J. A. Bright, were present at the unveiling. Tbey naturally j 1 examined tbe statue with the greatest | interest, and their verdict was that it was like and yet in tome respipU not like thtir father. | 