MRS. TREGA8KISS. BY MRS. CAMPBKT,L PRAED. (ALL, RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) Ho Kot up as If to close tlie conversa tion, but lingered fldgettlng with the news paper. "I thank you sincerely all the same, Mrs. Tregasklss; and, as you say, I dareBay Mrs. Hlldltch will tell you any thing there may be to tell." After a mo- ment or two, he added. In a different tone, "I am glad you like Genestc. I've got to know him pretty well. Vou see lie Is a good deal at Brlnda Plains. It's bad luck tor him, that lame leg. Cripples him a bit, and puts a stop to his wild life. An explorer among dangerous blacks needs to be sound of wind and limb." "Yes. Ib Dr. Genesto sorry to give all that up?" "No, I don't fancy so. He Is not so young as ho was. And, after all, he has done splendid service In opening up coun try. I almost wonder he doesn't go back to England. He keeps touch with It by his articles. I suppose you read the one In the "Nineteenth Century?" "Yes," Bald Clare. "Perhaps," she ad- Kled, "there IB an attraction on the Leura for Dr. Genesto." "You mean Miss Cusack; he's old for her, !Mrs. Tregasklss; and Genesto couldn't be 9n love with that girl, charming and pret ty and angelic as she Is, in the way that a man like him would be In love with — a woman — has beon In love with a woman. Still, that would he the salvation of the affair, don't you think, If he did marry Bier. He has gone through all tbe fiery business, and his feeling for her would bo quite different— more tender and more protecting, but not love." "You think ho will marry her?" said Mrs. Tregasklss, In a low voice. "Yes; I ofton fancy so. I can't help thinking," Blanchord went on,, unconscious ly following out poor Helen's train of thought, that if Elaine hadn't pined her self to death Launcelot would have mar ried her In the long run, and settled down comfortably at Camelot. I had an idea somu little time ago. that they were al most. If not quite, engaghd, but I've changed my opinion since ho was last over. If anybody Is in tho running now, It looks iko young Gillespie. She Is a nice girl, Mrs. Tregasklss— Just the sort ot girl a fellow would like his sister to be." Mr. Hanson lounged up, leading NIng, Ills ugly face all abeam with content. "Isn't she good, the plcantnny! I say, Mrs- Tregasklss, the boss sent mo to tell you that he'd be glad for you to go down to the office. He's posting up the station loir. I offered to do It, but ho said no one but you knew what he had been doing. 1 must say I am enjoying to-day," Mr. JIanson went on. In a bnrst of confidence, as he accompanied Clare down the veran dah. "The plcanlnny Is splendid company, and It's awfully jolly to come to a place on Sunday and find everybody clean and camping In the verandah, you know, es pecially when you get a good dinner, and tho mall, comes in, and there are the pa pers to read. You see one Is taught a religion when one Is a youngster," added Mr. Hanson, apologetically, "and the least you can do to keep it up is to camp ou Sunday." Blanchord laughed. It' was a compen dium of bush orthodoxy. To put on a clean shirt and to camp on Sunday is the stockman's open profession of allegiance to a Higher Being. CHAPTER XV.— DOWN WITH THE FEVER. It was a week later. Claro Tregasklss was alono at Mount Wombo. Tregasklss and Mr. Hansen had started off with pack- Iiorscs to bring back what they could save from the wreckage of the drays. Mr. Han sen had returned with Jo Ramm. and Ills team of bullocks pressed into the service, carrying most of the loading, but Tregas klss had gone to Uganda, and was still absent. Times were turbulent Just now on the Leura, and no doubt he wished to be where his presence was most likely to be useful — at the headquarters of the pas toralists' committee. So his wife reasoned. Ho had offered a reward In hopes of dis covering the perpetrators of the outrage upon his horses, and it was owing to his urgent complaints as much as to Mr. Cu- sack's frenzied entreaties for police pro tection that a military patrol had been told off for the district, and a force of special constables enrolled. 1 he delayed shearing was proceeding vi gorously at Brlnda Plains, and at other of the large slieep stations employing southern labor, and so Incensed were the unionists (hat they threatened to burn every one of the woolslieds, and to wreck the train bear ing wool bales from Cedar Hill to Port Vic toria. There was little or nothing to fear for Mount Wdtnbo, unless It were on the score of Tregasklss's personal unpopularity, to which no doubt was owing the loss he had sustained In the sticking up of his drays. Mount Wombo, Darra-Darra, and a few others were cattle stations, and employed but a few men. Tregasklss, at any rate, appeared to take it for granted that Ills wife was perfectly Bafo with no other pro tectors than Shand and the two Chinamen. Hansen had gone back to the out station, wliero ho. was more needed, as a. muster was going on, and besides there was extra Work at the bore In view of the continued drought, and even Mr. Shand was absent si whole day at a time carrying rations .thither. Clare Tregasklss was not nervous in the sense . in . which ordinary women are ner vous. . In fact, she rather relished the flllp to her monotonous existence. And then — oh, miserable certainty, long since es tablished In her mind, the absence of ber husband was an untold relief. She roused herself by an effort of will from the dreamy mood Into wlileh she had lately fallen. She had got Into a way of brooding restlessly -upon the limitations of her lot. Geneste's words haunted her. It did seem bard that she should never know tho sweet est ot human joys. He bud known it, or lie could not have spoken with so much fervor. Had he then so loved the worth less woman upon whom he had so nearly, according to Blancliard, thrown away his life? Could she.habe been worthless If be so loved her? She wondered and won dered, and somehow in their brief ac quaintance every, look, word, and gesture of Geneste's seemed to stand out and ac quire a new significance. She was wise enough to know that this brooding was unhealthy, bu.t lier very pre occupation enabled her to boar more easily the jar of Tregasklss's companionship. Now that he was gone she could throw her self more readily into lier dally tusks, She set to Work upon Bome calico frocks for Nlng, and began a campaign against 'Gnsta's negligences. She lmd the bache lors' quarters cleansed and re-organlsed ; the store put tidy, and certain alterations made in the arrangement of the furniture of the house. Much of this she did with ber own hands: and It was in trying to move a heavy table that she Btralned lier back, and then one day discovered that her body was aching disproportionately, and that she was very cold, though the thermo meter stood over 100 degrees. When tlie jits of shivering were followed by severer pain and by fever, and giddiness, slio knew without being told that slio was In for a touch of Northern fever. Tho second day that It racked lier — or rather the fourth from.lior seizure, for this fovfir holds its victims on alternate days— as Ill-luck would have It, butchers came, and Mr. Shand was compelled to talco them to a distant part of the run. which In volved two nights away from the head sta tion. He left her with uneasiness and re gret, but he could do nothing except send a message to Tregasklss by the mailman, who was passing, and another to Jo Roirim's wife, who was ramped with lier husband's drays some 20 miles distant, begging lier to take tlie first opportunity of getting to Mount Wombo. Mrs.' Ramm .was one of the resources ot the district when servants ran short or a sick nurse .was wanted. All day Clare lay aching, burning and dizzy, with barely energy enough to take such simple remedies as suggested them selves, anil helpless under the clumsy mini strations of the half-caste, Gusta, and Ah Sin. She remained stretched upon the sofa In the drawlngroom, wrapped In her opos sum cloak, seeing curious visions and de luded by wandering fancies, longing, whon she could think collectively, that tho hours would pass- and bring her to the off day of comparative ease. It was 4 o'clock. Nlng was playing with ber doll by ber mother's side, acting a tragedy of Debll-debil. The child's Imagin ation, fed by tlie legends of the Blacks' Camp, had of late been exercising Itself upon this mythical personage. ("Piccaninny, you stop Inside there," re hearsed Nlng, putting her doll in the centre of a circle on tho carpet defined by tiny heaps nf twigs which she called her fires. She had seen Clarlbol light fires round the playground - to keep Debll-debil away. "Mummy, .my make plenty fire, and sup pose Debll-debil look after Plccanluny, lie Bit down alongside fire and Piccaninny quite safe. Cobbon old, that fellow Debll- debil; Cobbon cold— like It, Mummy. Ba'al be got liira possum rug. Budgery fire— my mean very good fire. No touch Nln's picca ninny." But Nlng's dramatic Instinct de manded that piccaninny should bo naughty nnd stray beyond the clrclo Into the clut- phos of ReMl-debil, who .was represented by a nigger doll, mutilated and of forbid ding aspect. Piccaninny was lost under the sofa, whither Debil-debll had carried her, and Nlng tragically roamed the room, wringing her hands like a bereft dementer; while she sang a blacks' "Ugal," whlcb tbe half-caste had taught her as the accepted . form of exorcism for "Debll-debil," or the night roamer Yo-wl, or the snake monster Wa-wl, or any other spirit or "Wunda" whatsoever. Yuru dhaW nje, yurl dfcarl nje, Dula ranja burula, yurl dharl nje! "Oh, Nlng, child, don't make so much noise. Mummy has a headache. Mummy Is very sick." The dogs barked outside. The thud of a horse's hoofs sounded In the yard. Had tho Unionists come, Clare wondered vague ly. Nlng ceased ber outcries as Gusta en tered. "Please, Mrs. Tregasklss, it's a gentle man." Clare ronsed herself and turned her dazed eyes to tbe door to encounter tbe anxious gazo of Gcncste. "You are ill," he exclaimed, "and there's nobody to look after you." "Mummy's sick, and piccaninny belong ing to me Is sick, and debil-debll has car ried her off, and Nlng has been a good girl, Dr. Genesto, and has not done anything to make Mummy worse," announced Nlng upon her knees by tho sofa, diving for the lost doll which sho had flung far towards the wall. "All right, Piccaninny; let me como near your mother and sco what Is the matter with her. Ah, I know what, it Is." Ho had her hand In his, and his fingers upon her pulse, "You have got a touch of fever. When did it come on?" "I don't know — I'm all aching and con fused. Yes, I suppose It's fever. Is Keith with you?" "He's at Uganda harrylr.g the pastorallst committee. They've been having rows there. No; the fact Is Rodd passed, and loft some sort of message about your being alone, and that I was to tell Tregasklss If I saw him, and as I didn't quite like the notion of your being left with only thoso two Chinamen, I hurried along. Lucky 1 did, too. Mrs. Tregasklss, this wont do. You must be got to bod at once." He went out and calied Gusta and Clarl- bel, and among them they prepared Clare's bod, and ho carried ber In, leaving the two women to undress her. Afterwards ho routcu aoout iTegasKise s omce, anu round tho medicine chest and the medicines he wanted. When he came back Clare was In bed, her eyes wild and speech wandering. There were' alternations of shivering and fever, and he saw that she was In for rather a bad bout. He gave her laudanum to induce perspiration, and by and by she got quieter. With the deftness of a nurse lie moved about getting her all that could make her more comfortable, and, oddly onough, there seemed nothing strange to her In his attendance; It was a3 though she had been used to It long, long ago, and his very presence brought a sense ot rest and soothing Indescribably delightful. Generate was perplexed. Clearly she was not In a condition to be left to tbe tender mercies of the half-caste and the incompe tent Gusta. He mentally ran his eye over the list of neighbors, but the only one near was Mrs. Carmody, who needed caring for oven more than Clare. Ho thought of motherly Mrs. Cusack and sympathetic Helen, but Brlnda Plains was 55 miles dis tant and in a state of siege, all the men on the station sleeping with firearms in readiness, expecting, while tbe free shearers wore at work, an attack on the woolshed. There was not even a stockman's wife avnllable at Darra Darra; and he had given lip the Idea of procuring a nurse as hope less when the recollection of Mrs. Ramm, the bullock drover's wife, camped half-way between tbe two stations, came to him as an Inspiration. That evening, when Clare was sleeping under the Influence ot the opium, he saddled ono of Tregasklss's horses, put a side saddle on the quietest of the lady's hacks, and went at full speed in search of Mrs. Ramm. It was 20 miles to Joe's camp, and good riding was needed for them to reach Mount Wombo by break fast time. "I havo brought someone to look after you," "bo said to Mrs. Tregasklss, when, after having bathed and dressed, he came to pay her a professional visit. She looked tho ghost of herself, so pulled down was she and eo shaken. Mrs. Ramm came In behind him, and made an awkward salutation to the sick mistress. She was the roughest-loolclng of creatures, short, thlelt-set, broad-featured, her face pitted with smallpox marks, her wiry iron-grey hair cropped close "for the convenience of it," her hands huge, red, and apparently designed by Nature for the use of a scrubbing brush. But she was scru pulously clean, and her short dark blue skirt and striped Jacket were fresh from the wash. "Mrs. Ramin," murmured Clare In aston ishment, "where did you come from?" "It's the doctor hlmeelf that rode over to the camp last night and fetched me. My word, Mrs. Tregasklss, I'd have ridden a hundred miles to see a decent woman again. It's a year and more that I've trudged along beside Ramm and the bullock dray, or else sati on the wool bales; and now I'm camping by myself close agen the Bore, while he does a Job for the road sur veyors. I Just went to the men's camp to clean up. Lord, It was dirty. I ain't no great shakes; and tbcm men laughed fine at me with my house under the dray. But I says, 'Them as lives in glass houses shouldn't shle stones at them as lives In drays,' and I had the laugh of them when I saw their muck." Clare turned an eloquent look of grati tude on Geneste. How her face had chang ed, he thought. It had lost that strange masked look. Or was It only when she looked at him that It reflected her real inner self? "You went all that way to bring her? You must havo been on horseback tho whole night. And you did It for me!" "You forget I'm used to that sort of thing. I really couldn't feel happy about you In the hands of Clarlbel and Gusta. Mrs. Ramm may not be an accomplished nurse, but she knows how to make a bod, anyhow, and can keep things a bit tidy about you." " 'Deed, sir," said Mrs. Ramm, bridling up as she paused In the act ot dusting the looking-glass, "you mustn't think I'm not used to gentlefolks' ways. Before I mar ried Ramm I was servant to the Mr. Mlcklethwaitis, as was Just straight from a castls'ln England. And If you'd a Just seen that house. Satin cushions, my word, and a Brussels carpet and hair brushes with a silver letter on 'cm— for all tho world like yours, Mrs. Trogasklss. Not but what you've got a sloe place here, and Ramm he do say It does his heart good to look at tho glm- cracks and flowers about. 1 allers holds on to flowers, and I mind well how thinks I at them Mlcklethwaltes, Lor', this drorlng- roorn do look that cheerless with no ar a green sprout or a ludy In It. And I gots a dish and puts water in It, and picks a lot of ehallot tops — there warn't nothing but vegetables — and sticks them in; and, my word, they did look line and they smelt ed beautiful. Them gentlemen was that pleased tlie.v laughed to spilt their sides when they seed 'em." "Well, you needn't put shallot tops here, Mrs. Ramm, for there are plenty of flowers in the garden. And now you shall go and see If Ah Sin hasn't got something good for Mrs. Tregasklss's breakfnst, and you shall set Ah Sin at onco to kill a chicken for broth, and I trhst to you to bring it to your patient regularly." "You are very good to me," said Clare, softly, whon they were alone. "I don't like to trouble you so." Ho had beon preparing a dose and gave it to her to swallow beforo he replied. Then ho stooped down and touched lier hand. He had the physician's touch, cool and healing — a touch which lias always something of a magnetic effect upon the nerves. "Let me bo good to myself by stopping a day or two, and trying to he good to you," lie suld, with a tender intonation In liis voice. "You need It, and there aro not many to he good to you." Sho did not answer. All day ho came In and out, caring for and arranging tilings for lier comfort, Just as her mother or sis ter might havo done. When she said this to him, ho laughed and answered that It showed doctoring was his real vocation, since lie took up Ills old trado so naturally. He put her food before her himself, arrang ing tho tray, upon which lie laid a pale pink rose, and talked to her, and when he thought sho was tired, Tead her to sleep. His companionship was pleasant, apart from personal considerations. He had seen much, had rend much, and had just that touch of sentiment and mysticism without which no man can appeal abso lutely to a cultivated woman. It was very long since Clare had talked of the things she no-.v spoke about to him. Her very weaknoss and the novelty of tlie situation contributed to unreserve. She was alone; she was helplessly dependent upon him. Her husband was away, had not even written to tell lier of his whereabouts, did not appear to concern himself In tho least whether she was well or ill cared for. There was not another man except the two Chinamen and the blacks In tho camp due. lng these two days anywhere near her. (To be continued;) 