A MOTHER'S SIN The Northcombe Mystery, BY CHARLES GISDWOOD. CHAPTER XlI—tCoKTIKTJED.) ~ TLJs canvewatlon between Captain Cardir^ton and Mrs Foyle happened en a Friday tight. On the following day Margaret, having spent- the night in alrcofct entire sleepiesBnees, went up to Mrs Cardingtsn's bedroom with her aunt's breatfast. Having arranged the tray in the way whioh Mrs CardJngton approved, she stc-od in hesitation at the bedside. ^ Is there anything more that I c>n do-for you?" she asked in her gentleBt manner, as her annt locked up at her inquiringly. " I think not," was the answer. " When Mrs Fcyle has finished her breakfast I should be glad if she would come up and talk to me a little. 'I feel rather dull thiB morning." " Aunt," said Margaret, eagerly, " don't you think you could talk to me a little this morning ? 1 want so muoh to speak to you." " Of course, Mangaret, I em always ready to hear what you have to- say. What is it?" " I think I should like to go away for a little. I think I cannot stand aside from God's work any longer. Everything seems to point to this 1" "What do you mean? Have you still lot that silly Idea of shutting yourself up in a Home ?" I want to go to St. Agatha'B for a little, to learn how I can be useful." Mrs Cardlngton appeared to deliberate, with the assistanoe ef ber smelling-bottle, and sighed with a beautiful gesture of resignation. She saw that her tea was getting celd, and sipped it, and began te trifle with a kidney. "Very well 1" she said. "Very well, Margaret. Ton are your own mistress,: and you have only yourself te consult. I am of; no account. You don't perhaps think how this may affect me." " I do not wish it to a&ot; yon in any way. I have made up my mind that I wiU aek Colonel Neal to: consent to my: giving, you the same sum of money eaeh year as yen have while I am living with you^ and, of course, you will have the honse. '' " Well," said Mrs Oardington, " write to Colonel Heal,. and we wiU see what he says." She was smiling at her plate; The kidney was perfectly cooked, and was phenomenally tender. " Then," said Margaret, "I have your consent V' " I think you are foolish to think that because your sailor is dead,-: the; properly remantic: thing is to forswear the world, and to give yourself up to good works; : 1 But ' suppose you only intend to mope here, aud I fanoy the best thing for you te do will be to work your romance out. Have yeu consulted Diok 'I have spoken to no one except yourself." I think you had better speak te Dick. This egg is boiled a quarter of a minute tee long. Will you be kind enough to mention it in the kitchen. And don't forget to ask Mrs Foyle to come to me." Margaret sadly withdrew. Sympathy was impossible in that quarter. Mrs Gardingtoni: as aeon as she had closed the door, raised her handkerchief, and sprinkled some scent upon It before-she griped her face. There were drops of perspiration upon bei forehead. It might do ae well as anything," she reflected, " With the five hundred pounds, aud the use &f; the house, I could get on. Bat will Colonel Neal consent to it t Will he go Into figures 1 If-she speaks to Dick,' will this force his hand 1* - She pushed her n breakfast tray away, and gave herself up to thinking out the position until Mrs Foyle came in. 'What* are they doing downstairs? 4 a&ked; Urs Cardington, , c Capfeain Oardington -and Margaret are talkisg in the garden. , The superior person »8 writing .an article for her -paper. You look rather fagged this morning, and - you t don't seem' te hove eaten much breakfast. Try & little em de-vie in a cup ef coffee." - " Thank yon, my dear.; perhaps it Would do tne good." I I Been out thiB morning No. Bat I alepb very badly. 3 aet look out of the window, my dear. Do yeu see them?" Mre Foyle went to the window. " Yts % they are„ moving ^along at the bettom of the garden. Captain Cardlngton has both hands in his pockets. and she is three yards away from him, picking flowers. The old spaniel, waddles along between s them. You don't ge the right way to work, Mrs Cardington, to bring that matter off.' They: take one another j» a^matter of oourse. You should send Margaret away. They'll never do any good at home, Send her away and you'll see he'll go after her. Lovers and pigs always go as you want them, if you try te turn them another jway. They are both governed by the spirit cf sheer cussedness." <\- Do you think so!" "I'msure of it. Shall I read to you i m o e p s d s Miss Ingram wrote her article irombegln ning to end that Saturday morning, and so completed her weekly contract with the proprietors of the " Camber well Budget. Sef aj'tiaxe-WM upon the subject of Boot* aud Shoes in the Days^Qjieen Bess/' and was as learned a disquisAlett _upon the subject as her note-book of matSn * gleaned eame weeks ago in a morning's visit to the British Maaeam, permitted, and was written^ with the: light touch for which she stood in high repute with the editors of the various j oumala with whioh she was aonneoted, : She threw down her pen with relief at the end of the task, folded up her MS. for postj and having still half an heur at her disposal before luncheon, put on her sailorhat, and walked out into the garden, and down the zig-zag path to the beaoh/ It was low tide, and the rooks that made a bsrrier on each side of the narrow stretch of sand and cringle whioh the old admiral had oleared for bis bathing, were high and dry; : Mach to her surprise, she saw the figure of a woman climbing the barrier on one side, snd stooping to get shellfiah as she went. - The woman was thin and worn, and almost olothed in rags, and Molly went up to her. ?' How do you manage to scramble over those great rocks ?*' she asked, as the woman greeted her with a ourtEey. "Ay, they're stiff, and I'm all braises. Bntl mun jUBt sorat about as I can for a few penn'orth. Be you one of the yonng ladies at the Cottage yonder ? ' " I am staying there just now." " Along of Mrs Foyle, as they call her V* " Yes" • • - " I've got summat for her." She fumbled amongst her rags for a pocket. " I was to give this piece of writing into her very own hands, mun said. Bat hew am I to get 'oid of her 1 I'm that tired and clemmed, and there's six childer up to our house clemmed and hollerin' for food. Would yeu be so goed, miBs, as to take it for her ? Mrs Foyle, it says—and as nice a young lady aB ever come to see us. You'll say as 'Tilda brought it—Jan's 'Ttlda—as she saw along with gran'dad." Miss Ingram took the note, and felt in her pocket for a coin. This poor creature might at least have the first-fruits of her morning's holiday task. She gave her florin, and promised te deliver the note. "And you'll be good enough to say as Jan and gran' dad were drunk three dajs running with the money »e> she left, and I'd cake it as a kindness ;f she'd not be giving them money. It's not money we wants. It's food' an' c T othing, and money'll never bring 'them as lenit as the * Joily Tar's ' door's open. Jsn, he's going on something awful." Is Jan your husband V' " You may say so, and a bad 'tin. There's net a worse husband in Nor'ccmb 3. Not as I won't say that if yeu went a job done whether it be a bit of mending or making, he's as good a workman as ever msn could be, when he's sober." " What is kin tra<?e ?" " Oh, he's » fisberinsn by trade, but he just followed the joiners, and he mends up the boats now and again, and does odd jebs at anything. He learnt his trade In gaol you see, miss. It's seldom now he gets a job'cept when there's fish, and then he'll ge for an extra hand on a smack for a week or two." A "bad 'un," undoubtedly. Molly admired the pride with which this miserable : J Tilda seemed to hng the fact that her man was the werst inall the village, and her Jot consequently the most miserable. She went baok to the Cottage moralising, leaving 'Tilda to scramble over the rocks along the shore, with the florin hidden away as a splendid treasure, which could never be safe from Jan's greedy clutches nntil she had converted it into food for her clamorous children. "A begging letter, I suppose," she said, as she glanced at the note—and then! "What a marvellous resemblance!"she cried aloud as she steed and studied the handwriting. "What is a marvellous resemblance?" repeated a voioe close beside her, and turning she saw Mrs Foyle issuing from the mouth of the cave with a book in her hand. "It's only—a—a note for yen, A w&man; gave it to me te bring to you. I was thinking that the handwriting was exactly like one I ased to know very well indeed." Blanche took the note with a quickglanoe at the other's face, and then laughed contemptuously. " It's only a note from my husband. I get one or two of these a day," and she hastily read the note and tore It Into fragments, which she tossed into the air. " We bad better hurry back, for the luncheongong has just sonnded." Miss Ingram was went to congratulate herself that, whatever her other faults,she was free from the viee of curiosity.: Batthat day she was to do something which was the fixBt action in a series of actions whioh were painfully replusive to her nature. Before the tide oame up, whilb Mrs Foyle, Mar-, garet. and Captain Dick were out ef sight onra walking expedition, from whEch she had aBked to be excused en the eoore of a headache, she was down upon the beach poking amongst the shingles with her stiek, and groping amougst the rocke. She waa not seeking shells or muBgeis or anemones, but one of a nunfber ef sorsps of paper, which she found scattered abroad upon the shore. It is only just to say that she did not attempt to piece these scraps together. Shemerelypiokedthemup,*i»dthrewthem away again as soon as she had glanced at them. At last she found the one she sought, and plaaed it carefully between ths pagasof a small memorandum-book. It ccntidned only three word*— "Yours ever, PAUL." And the fi >u<ish of the capital " P " was unmistakable^ CHAPTER XIII. MOLLY'S LAST CIGARETTE. Miss Ingram often boasted of her powers to sleep. She was cot nervous. Herdlges- " tion good. He? health was parfect,: Once in bed and the candle out, «nd%h#3 fast asleep 4n<l en route to" dreaifiiaSd, r while other leBB'SorfcuaaSe.people were filing their flecks of sheep over narrow fitiles, ^r. coufiting their numerals, or repeating poetry-i. But on that Saturday night, for the fm$ : time for : many yeare^ her happy power' deserted her. ^ She heard the beem&g; of the waves along the shore and the tiekiog 'ef the dock upon the stairs, and the" mice rubniag their midaight raess .behind - he wainscoting of her room, and in yain did she essay to think out a subject for an' article or ruminate upan the plot of_ the" remar&able; novel she intended to writer soma day. Her mind was in no humour toy H either pretending t? be inactive, or ~tor - gllng sleep into its recesses "by any othef hfpecrlsy. She lay wide sw&ke; for at least two honraj and then fell only into a half-sleep, in, which things oenneoted with the ^paot rday seemed.to as real to her as if she was still awake. It was In this intermediate state that «he heatd her door gently pushed open and saw a Jigore pses tealthily between her bed aud the w&lL; The cliok of a door broughffhfer to the : moment of clear comclousaess, «ud she| hastily sprang up and lit: her-osndle. - _ : "The r *' Admiral's Room,' 2 which- she occupied, was a large apartment, and had In t two doors, Oae was the door 00mnnicatlBg with the landing outelde. The ther presented itself to the eye fcs the ntrance to a large cupboard, in whioh weref egs for hanging dresses. This oonvenfeises he bad made use of, and as she opened the oor and looked an.her dresses f-oonpied, their several places, aud were undisturbed.! Now the door had certainly clinked on this - ide of the room, at least twenty feet from the ordinary door. It was, perhaps, a in which her half-dormant senses b«d been deceived; but she was sot sufficiently imaginative to suppose that she had invented a door in her sleep. Taking up her eandle agaia she entered the cupboard, and exaffiiasd^ it msr^ ^ttentively. It wm panelled M was the rest ol the f00™, and there was no trace of any secret door, tsfifc she felt "convinced that such a doer existed, and that someone had passed through her room and fonnd egress on this side by its means. "She, of oenrse, did sot believe in 'ghosts. A figure in her room at night oonld only be the figure of a being of flesh and blocd. The clinking of a door was no eupernatural sound. Bal; as she got into bed again she failed to exp'ain either the figure or the sound on any reasosfible hypothesisi and aimply rebuking herself for being silly- enough to puzzle 'herself about them, .she determined/that she had: been deceived by, perhaps, the movement caused by a Buddeu draught of air. She put the matter in syllogistic form for her own satisfaction. . The figurepassed : from the outer door to the cupboard-door and disappeared. The figure is not in the cupboard, therefore if it disappeared there must he a door concealed in the cupboard. Bat there is no door: concealed in the cupboard. Therefore no figare can have disappeared. Q. E. D., added Molly, putting oat the candle, and patting her head upon the pillows. .•" •• ' But Bhe was wrong, as she had to learn before many days, 7 Tt is enough at the present to state that Bisnche Foyle had, by a secret imparted to her by Mrs Garriugton —much to Hannah's indignation and disgust—left the house in the night by the turret-door, and was new passing with slippered feet down the garden walks, and by the zig-zag path to the be&oh.; Out : of the shadowed entrance ef the oave, from which she herself, as we PRW, suddenly revealed her presence to Miss Ingram in the morning, now appeared the figure of & man, smoking a cigarette. " Paul!" she said, in a low tone. " I am here, How late you are !" " I thought I should never have come at ell. I don't like this business of playing the ghost," " Have you brought It ?" No \ I told you that it was impossible. I have brought yeu a few things, bat I told yea a week, ago that money was oat of the question. Yoa had better take what yon oan get and sell them. Two of the rings should fetoh a pony apiece. They ace real diamonds." « The gift of the revered Mr Foyle?" 1 " You fool, to suppose I should give yoa anythingof MB ! The man withdrew to the shadow of the cave and struok -a match, which enabled him to examine the little leather oases she had placed in his h*nds, " Pooh!" he said. " These are good fer nothing. I want money." 4 4 You alwayB did, Paul, except -whenyoa were flash for six weeks," " And money L mast have. New, I can't come fooling over here at this, time of night all the - w«y from D»rtmonth and iget nothing for it. I will give yon nntit Menday night." " It's not the slightest use. Yon .might just as well oome and expect me to give yoa the moon, I have no money,andI can't get it." « Bat yoa shall «et it!" he said, with an eath, * 'Ask the fellow here to give it yon or l9nd it to yon." " Tmposaible!" "Well, have it yonr own way. Yon know the alternative ?" : Yes j bat*: mind, Paul, that if yeu blow onme, I shall blew on yoa.Whatwillyou gala?" «' What shall I gain P" he repeated. " Do you suppose X care athreepenuy-pieoo what happens to me! This is my last shot, and if it fails I oan make'-a hole in the water, I suppose, or take a leap off the oliffa, as ether and better men than myself -have done before me. I;think.yun,may as well understand that I am a desperate man/' - v' 1 " Do yGu thlnk your alster would do any? thing for you?" " Molly 1 No, Molly 'a affection for me is so great that she wonld probably take the earliest opportunity of getting me safe from the reach of ail 'farther temptation in Portland or Dartmoor, For Heaven's sake, don't "breathe a word to her of my being here J Besides, I don't suppose ehe has more than enough te pay Iter way. Ga to your sailer " " Impossible 1' "How at-oufc Foyle? Can't yoa eat a little dirt for my sake! You wonld have dona it onoe, Blanche." "Paul, yon are a cad to ask snoh a thing." " Well," he sail, shrugging his shoulders, "goyonr own way. Oa Monday night I shall come over from Dartmouth by train, reaching here at 9.15. I shall have my bag. end shall catoh the train to Exeter at 10.35 t I shall gome up here, and you'll give me4ihe pieoes. Failing that, you'll go to the bad, as quickly as « moral nation oan make you." _ « _ "And if I bring the money !' ' " Then yoa and I will ..make a run for it,, get to Plymouth, and go off a-uaUmg over the ooesn ielue, my dear, and ai&ke; a fresh /tetarfc," «Thank you/' *he said. «« Whjaa I do turn oyer a new leaf, it will not be with your assistance,-J think. Well, come on Monday* and I will, think it over in the meantime/' "Here?' "Yoe, Captain Oardingten and the girl are going to Harvest Home affair at the otbeir eide^of Nortfacombe, and wont be home untlUate, BO yon oan oome here with- Out Anyone being abost. - Perhaps I will meet.you, Come by the/road," 4 1 Well, remember that I must have the coin." , "I'll remember what you say." \- ."Molly S" oame a gentle voice at Miss Ingram's door., "Are you Asleep ?" Miss ^Ingram was sufficiently awake to rte ">|?niee Margarets velce. "•No. „-Game in, J sh# said. y 1 can'tsleep,""aid Margaret. "I am sure^here is-someone about, My window She went to the Window andpeepedoHt laBtwfien the *l»ta of the VenellanMinds , i , f^-Jmk X* she wyipra^ y Tfcere are • figures ^down hyi the J fl«g.piBt. r 1 nan sea them distinctly." - - " . Mtss/fcigraai^ol;out x>f bed. There was, just UghCenough "to'tiee two'figares at»nd- Jing^eat against; the sky, but not enough 4;o ^distinguish them, r \- "ShalLl nail Dick?" asked Margaret. No; let ,us watcU,"' ' **J)if on think they oan ba burglars ?" ^Margaret's t«Bth'wer« chattering. - • "Oau't Bay," *aid Molly. "GteUntemy bedj Meg j your teeth are ohatterlng. Ah! they have moved. One has gone down the path; 1>he other is coming up the garden !" She muttered something to herself and remained fixed at tKewlndow, Taen suddenly there was aalight, grinding-noise, asof a door pushed open upon an uneven surface. Molly sprang late bed and threw the clothes over Margaret, •whispering: - - Shut your ejus, and pretend to be laBt , Asleep." Margaret obeyed, bat 2I«lIy felt that she r was quaking. A slight oliok, and then the opening of > thecupboard-door very quietly—fast half an inch—and -alienee. Molly snored. In anothermoment the door had opened six incheB—a foot—a foot and a half—two feet, -and 'was softly pushed to but not absolutely closed. M^lly snored loudly, SqaetMog Margaret'^ hand tightly nnder the clothes to give her confidence. ' The figure of a woman passed noiselessly Across the room, and lightly opened the door and disappeared* - "Did yon^see her ?" whispered Molly, ' "Banche Foyle 1 Oh, Molly, what can thlsmean?"' "I think I oan guess. She Is a thief 1 Look up everything you have. Depend upon ft, nothing is saf a. But say nothing " to anyone. Leave thi^^Sffie/" ~ " I nan - Mvet apeak to her again," ^ • • < -» This took plaoe early on the Sunday morning. Margaret vent baoki to her own room before -the servants began te move abont the house, bnt folfc tob poorly; to get up, and sent word foy PhylH»4fa*t, having a headache, shewouldremMn;iubed.After breakfast Dlok looked at hwJwatch: / " ** Who Is going to ohorph 1" he asked. He aevar failed to attend the morning service on Sundays when he was at home. •-'Shall yoa oome, Mies logram'lt 1 ^ "I think not this morning., I wiU stayat home vtith Meg, who reiQly seems Tory Hi." . ~ _ "I mil go to ohurohp Shen," said Blanche. And although Dick would have arranged things dlfferently, lie fonncl himcelf a >mmitted tothewalk te Northoombeand back with Mrs Foyle. He devoutly hoped that she wouldiehava heraelf, and she i«mark- \- ably aurpaased his expeokations. Everything In her conduct;—her carrying of the dainty prayer- book, her attitude daringthe eervioe, her appMent attentivenega to the Bev.'Mr. W&Uace;'s very dogmatic sermon—WHB admlrably conventional. She 'was toe clever to overaot her part. - Oa the way home she appeared serious and perfectly reasonable., - " BloV she said, "I bave been tMnklng .over oor<ionverfiation. Ifaave made ap my mind that your advice, as 9?<er^fs the beet. 1 have already treBpawed too muoh upon the Idndnesa of your mother.. I thlnk I will pack np and go up to ^ndon on Tuesday. There is somebody in London who might be able io show me Bome ;w»y of patting mj mnelcand danel^igtorgood usei.-3 jwfnt to " ^^he u^pr^ti^le level, that he meant that we were to go in for more ritualism. : However, I will try, : You said you ceuld help me. I shall not look upon it as a gift, but as a loan--* few pounds to pay my way nntil I can gei Into something certain. It's very absurd, bnt I am almoat penniless." *'Yon shall have two hundred pounds whenever yen like," said Dlok, cheerfully. " To-morrow" she asked, looking up at him arohly, Well, that's certainly short noMoe. Bnt I'll work It somehow. Lord Charlburyfc steward wonld probably be able to cash me a cheque; He has done it for me bafore. Yes, I think I may promise yon all, or nearly all, to- morrow. I'll ride over the first thing in the morning." " Yon are so good to me 1" she Baid, in a broken veioe. " I cannot tell yoa how deeply 1 feel it. Sentiment is not maoh in my line, but " "Sxy nothing about it," said Dick, oare-r; leSBly, "And you don't {eel in the least bit sorry that I'm going to say good-bye ?', This was a difficult question to answer. He temporised a ltttle. "i want yon to get into a happier and more satisfactory mode o£ UEe. That seems the first thing." Perhaps yon are right; But I have been very happy here, and am very grateful to you *)1 for the kindness I have reoclved. I love yenr mother, Dlok, and think she is a perfeat d&rllug.;" " You seem te have got on pretty well with her"' "Yes, I think I amuee her, and she wanted rousing," "Blanche," said Dlok, very earnestly, "have.yon any idea whether my mother ever goes out ©ariy in'the morning ? " 4 \Ahl" she said, playfully, "that's her secret. She does sometimes, bat she does net want anyone to know abent it. I was not to tell yon. S'ae goes oat sometimes, and then slips Into the house and gets into bedagam." • "Bat why!" he asked, with a puzzled expression, "She suffers so much from insomnia, and was nervous about herself. But now ah^..takes a little mixture I persuaded her to get. It is from a prescription which a doctor gave me onoe when I ^had insomnift. She sleeps splendidly when she takes a few dreps at night/' -' ' 1 _ Dick was silent. "I can't see why she wanted to keep the matter so secret," he said. "Oh, that was for your sake. She was dreadfully low, and thought that insomnia meant $hat she was going to die." "It has caused me a great deal of trouble, trying to make out why lshould see hfer out, and then foe told by the servants that she was in bed. Poor oli mother! So that is the explanation of the" ^mystery ? 1 Well, I; am glad that you have been-able to dol aora'ething fox her. 'Wiiat are these drops 1 youspeak of?" - " Oh^ quite harmless. I took them regularly for months. Somethisg-soething, with? j ast a dash cf morphia. Ifs given~to people 1 with neuralgia. Well, I m glad that I Trent' to churohi you-know, I thfaik I am a better woman for it ?" Dick thought her tone implied sincerity. "I eappose," he said, <<J thafc none of ns csn come into contact with even the outskirts oi. & Mngdoaa higtf and beiutllul ^ ideals without being th'e better for it ?" 1 " Yes/'jeaid Blanche, very meekly; then, in a sudden return to her old picked self, which spoilt everything—" that old jfeJaK lace on the holy mW« surplice wa» very uplifting. It was exactly my ideal of a. perfect laoe." t Dick was annoyed. She had fnst failed: to leave upon him a favorable itopression. She had, mereover, led him'to commit Wmaelh?to:;ii flertoua thought, which had beengerminating mysteriotssly In his-own Inner: consciousness, and had'then ^nadeiun oi Ifcj^ Now a perhaps one of the most unpardoaable ^ins -of which women are guilty is to ^raw & ohaqttanpon^hereservssjf'pidyatephiioaephy whioh le" hidden away Bomevrherein eyerjp mindj and^hen to dishonor it, " | -i?Dathejr- iousethey "were meii .by Mlss lngrain, weariag a very ^rave: - rs rfaoa. . . -v. - » i ^•Margaretjs vary- ill," she"-said." I [went up to Mrs Cwdington and^nggested| tthat the doctor should'be ^lent for, but she; ^thought that it" w»s nimeceseary. " S really think that it Would 4>e well lb baye ^hUa. .Ihere*la -seBrtaihIy something moras jthan a 'feverish iteadache the matter/' ^ 11 He shall be sent for at^hoef kid Blot; q nietly, walking awiy to attend to "thej busineEs^t ®nee; - ~ % Mrs Foyle walked to a garden-ohair and threw herself into it. c "Awfully hot 1" ' | Molly acknowledged the .remark by s •motion oiler Head. "Chnrch was hot, singing was bad, sermon Was slow! I wonder why these good people,, who. want to make the world straight and smooth, go ftbout their work like a great iumbenng ^steam-roller, thtraiping over backwards aud forwards as if they expected to crush, «verybody down to^their own level of dnlneSs i - I would give all the money in aiy purae for a glass of gin-alingi Dick ? Ob, JbeV^one to see about the^iok giri. Well, Miss .Ingram, do yeu carry a cigarette.case i > For goodness sake givh ms Bomething to smoke, If only to keep away the £leB..« Buzz, Jbuzz,- bnzzi BWz-bub: and all thejegionstnnst be In the air to-diy. Do yoa «yer go to $he masio^hftUs, Miss Ingram ?" Mre Foyle took a olgarette from the oeee which the other had placed on the seat beside her, and, striking a light, threw her head baok and smoked into the -air. Molly tbok thenigarette-oase, and, without a word, slowly walked down the" garden and threw it into the sea—an action which' Mis Foyle greeted with a burst of laughter. ' - Molly had for ever dene with cigarettes. tThe;ateongest>mor \- (To be Qontinwd). 