Sermon for Sunday. Christ and Bartimeeus. By lite rev. c. H. sruaoeox. Jesus of Nazareth passoth by.— Lnko xrlll. 37, Our text is takon from a narrative of a blind man (Bartiniirus), who sat by tho wav- sido begging— -not an inapt picture of yon, my friends, who are solicitous of mcroy and- anxiously desirous of salvation. Ave von not ns blind and poor spiritualljr ns ho wus literally P I am sure that you ' will at onco confoss that you aro blind. Tho oyos of your understanding are dim. Your heart" is wrapped iu diirkucss. You oimiiot see what you want to see. You do not oven see your sin so us to repent of it with contrition. You havo not yet seen tlio power of tho preoious blood of Jesus so as to henevo in it. What if to-night you should bo apprised and awaro of -tho prosonco of Jesus here, and should cry out to Him, nnd Ho should stop uud open those blind eyes of yours, uud givo you tho light of lifo and tho joy of eternal salvation P What if you should havo to go homo and say to your friondH und kinsfolk, " I have hud an experi ence to-night, tlio liko of which I liovcr folt beforo; I buvo found a Saviour; I havo rocoived tlio foraivonoss of my sius : I ain a new creature ill Christ Jesus " ? Why, you would mako angols sing frosh hallelujahs in heaven, while on earth God would ho glori fied, aud yourselves und your frionds would bo blessed by 11 lively exoraiso of faith and 11 wonderful participation of grace. 1\. Now, looking steadfastly tlmt this may he tho case, I wish to speak very pointedly to you ubout two or three things. First, when Josus passed by tho bliuil man it was to tlmt man a dny of hope. Ho had given up ull thought of over being able to see, so long hnil his oyes been closed to tho light. When Jesus passed by the ease was different. Ho could perform liny miraclo — thoro wus no limit lo His heal ing power ; thoreforo why should He not open a blind mini's oyes P And you, my anxious friend, you have felt that you could not be saved. Of course, if it depended upon yourself, you could' not by any duties you discharged, ' or imy services yon performed, acquire merit enough to outer hcavcu, or even to procure tho fargivonoss of your sins on ciii'tli. But, if Jesus Christ bus come into tho world to save that whioh was lost, it is a totally different matter. He can certainly pardon the greatest offenders, und He can deliver from going down into the pit the most undeserving of robois. It was an hour of hopo to that .blind man, and if Jcsns passes by now tiiis is nn hour of hopo to you.' 2\. Secondly, ns it wus a time of hope to that poor blind man, so was it especially a time of activity. This man is n pioturo of what wo 3I101UU be if wo desire to bo saved. Ho listened attentively. Ho ooulduot see, but he hud cars. Ha could catch- tho .sound of footsteps. Tho silence that was broken by crowds coming along tho road to Jorioho was poculinr, tho tramp was of an unusual sort, und tho tono of voices fur difforont from thoso of wrangling or of revelry, or tlio songs of common Irnvoliors. Ho listouod — yea, ho listened with ull his oars. So, dear, heavers, whciicvcr tho gospel is prciuihcd, do not givo it merely suoh a henring as you might givo to an ordinary story that is told you ; but, _ oil, , hoar it ns God's word; near it with bated breath and profound reverence; drink it iu us .tlio. parched earth drinks in tho shoivcr ; hour it fourth? to misB a Binglu word, lest that should bo tlio word that might havo blessed you. I bblievo attentive hearers are tho most likely people to get tho blcssiug. But this mnn, after ho had heard with dis crimination, inquired with cugorncss what it. meant. It is a blessed Bign when men begin to sny, ' 1 What is it all about ? What is tho drift of this Gospel f" I should have great hopos of you if you woro thus iuquiring after thu plan of salvation. Is it not worth your . while to nsk the question, sirs P When a man 'has lost his way, ho will nsk twenty peopio sooner than he will continuo to pursue a wrong coiuse, and will you lose your way to hoaven. through not asking old travellers to diroot you ? Do, I pray you, bo in earnest to learn, and it shtill not bo long beforo God shall toaoh you, for, whenever Ho makes a man consoious of bis ignorance,- uud anxious to bo taught, tho Holy Ghost is quite sura to instruot him ere long. Whon this man liud asked the question, and hail been told in reply that Josus of Nazareth passed by, notioo what ho did noxt : Ho begun to pray. Wo are told tlmt ho cried. His orv wus ii prayer, uud his prayer was u; ury. _ It took tlio form of a piteous and em phatic outburst of desire: "Thou Son of David, have mercy on mo." It wus a short prayer. What 11 comprehensive prayor it was — " Have rawer 011 1110 ! Have mcroy on mo !" It wus not the words of tho prayor ; it was tlio true desire and tho hoiiovlng eoiifl- donco of tho prayer that did tho work. " Thou Son of David, have mercy on mo !" Now, my dear houror, you toll ,ino you wish to bo eavad; tlmt you aroauxious — nay, inquiring' — but _clo you pray? How enn j ou expect mcroy if it is not. thought by you to bo worth tho asking for? Whut, will . you havo God givo you it without your seeking it? \Ko bus dono so somotimos, but the' usiuil 'rule of grace, aud tlio most proper rule, is: that you shauld-humbly sue forraeroy ut his feot.- Will you not do it ? Whut ! Is hell . so pnltry a doom- that you will not pray to osaapo from itP AVhat! Is heuvon so trifling u destina tion tlmt you will not pray that you may gain it? 0' sirs, when heavenly liiorcy is to ho liud for tlio asking, will you not invoke the Almighty unil do obeisanco to tho Rodcomor to obtain it? Be assured tlmt nevor did a lnuu really cry for mcroy, und continue to do so witli his whole heart, but sooner or inter mercy oamc. There aro no praying souls iu hell. God novov ooudorans thoso who nrn suppliants for mcroy. If you do but lay hold on tho cross of Christ, and suy, "I will not lot this go ox- oopt I got tlio blessing ; I will not oouso until I win my soul's desire," yon shall sonh liuva tho maroy that you seek. 0 (hat God would stir you up thus to pray ! As this iniiu prayed, thoro were some stand ing by who said, " Hush ! hold -your tongue ! You disturb tlio praueliing ; wo cannot hoar tlio silvory tones of tho orator ; bo still. It is not meet "for a boggiirinuu liko you, crawling in tho street, to disturb ro.ipootable people by your harsh, oronking, voice ; bo quiet!" But liis heart being thus moved, there was no silenco for ins tongue. _ So much the morn, a great deal, with sjicreosing velibmcucii mid foino, ha iterated mid reiterated tiie prayer, "Thou Son of David, Thou Son of David, havo moroy 011 mo ! Ilnvo mercy upon me!" Now, if you desira salvation, und havo begun to pray, Satan will suy, " All, it is of no uso ; bo quiet?" Tho flesh will say, 'Why this udo? Tlicro is timo enough yot." Pro crastination will como in nnd say, "When you grow old it wili bo limo enough then to bogiu to seek tlio Lord." A tliousaud diffi culties will bo suggested, .but, O soul, if thou art indeed set upon sulvation, mid God lias mudo thoe in ourucst, thou wilt say to ail these, ' 1 Stand back ! I cannot, uud will not,' bo silenced .by you. I must havo moroy ; it is meroy I want, and it is morcy I must have, or I porish for ovor, nnd that I cannot afford; therefore I will cry tho more." May the Holy Ghost loud you to pray ! . Aftor this man hod thus pleadod, it is note worthy that Jesus stood still nnd colled him. I' uiust call your attention to this matter. As soon1 lis Jesus had called tho blind mun tho effect produced on him is startling. I think I sec him sitting thoro by tho waysido help less. Jesus bids him come. Ho gets np, and in' a moment ho throws off that ontor garment whioh had been so precious to him, in whioh he had so often wrapped himself np in eold nights to sleep beneath tho open sky. Tlmt much-prized, thougli all patched und filthy, garment ho throw right awtiy. It might huvo mudo him u minuto or two slower, so off ho tiirow it, and away I10 flung it. Ah ! and it . is a greut" morcy whon a poor soul feels tlmt it can throw uway anything und everything to get to Christ. . Lay itsido every weight, and tho sin that doth most easily beset you, aud press to Jesus at once. Onco more. When this man had come to Jesus, and Jesus said to him, " What wilt thou that 1' should do uuto thee ?" the man returned a straightforward and intolligout answer— " Lord, that I. might recoivomy sight." Noiv, whon you lire ut prayer to night, any of you, do not merely pray a goneral prayer, bnt put it before tho Lora.iu tho plainest language. Yot that which really brought salvation to this blind mun was his faith, for Christ says, "Thy faith hath saved thee." Now, hore is tho greatest point of all — iuitli ! Faith : for work without faith is of little worth! Faith is tho groat saving grace ; it is tho real life-perm. " What isfuith ? " sayost thou. Anxious inquirer, if thou wouldst know what faith is, understand that tho uthor word for it is trust — belief. Tho fuitli that saves is a belief that Jesus Christ, tho Sun of God, offered un atonement for sin, and then, aftor a firm conviction, a simple trusting in that atonement, for thy salvation. Art thott resolved to trust Jesus P If so, thy fuitli hath saved tlieo already ; go thou and wrestle in prayer till thnu got thco an nB6urauco of it. ; 3. Remember, this hour of Josus passing by is uu hour tbiit will soon be - gone. Diu you notice Unit word, " Jcsns of Nazareth passcth by?" Ho is not stopping, He is passing by, for Ho is going on towards tlio walls of Jericho to, pass through its gates. Blind roan ! it is now or never, for ho is pnssing by. He has come up to where you aro; cry to him now! Ho has passed you, hut ory to Him. Now, mini, Ho is long past, but Ho can yet hem- yon ; cry to Him now ! Ah 1 but he is passed and is gone, and tho man has not nricil, and now there is no othor who can open hiB eyes, neither will this Son of David, for He has passed, .by mid been unasked, unsought' to bless. Y011 had Christ passing by whon you woro young. I would to God you had said toTIim then. "Havo moroy 011 mo !" hut you waited till Ho camo up to you in middle life, and yot you did not seek Him. Alas, ulas, for that ! And now the gray hairs aro steal ing over you, and half a century of unbelief has hardened your heart. You are getting to sixty years of ungodlinojs, but Ha is not out of ourshot yet. Ho will. hear, you now. 0 cry to him, I pray you, ory, and nuiy God's Holy Spirit, who is tho Author of ull truo supplication, breatho in you now a ory ihut nover shall bo stopped until you got tho nuewei', " Thy faith hath saved thco : go in peace." 