? Most people who rearl the newspapers of the United States, either from >dotv or "inclination, are tolerably familiar with tlje distorted, exaggerated anS oftfeh falsified narratives of corttcipporaiy tvents to be met with too often in their columns, causing one to compassionate future historians whose task it will be to separate the web of fact from its thick embroidery of fiction. Bat in' a country, which has given ns the works of such irieri as Irving, Prescott,'}Totely, and Bancroft, We scarcely' espected to find a serious writer on the early history.of the capital of X'enezucla. weaving a tissue of fable, with cespect to theexploits of one of tlie greatest of: England's sea' kings, and passing it off as thc sober truth. Yet this is what Mr JS. W. Curtis, the-.author of the book, just referred to, is convicted of having done by. :a writer jn jtfae»u0an'«. "According .to the vivacious American, Sir 'Francis Brake, aftęr-the.dc&at; of the Spanish Arn«da, s^e<l for t50uth :AmcKca, sad, 'atriying at j«a ftuayra, desboyed the ship-, iłfug -lying, 'attianchar vfltlierc,' proceeded to Hiiracas- wliieh he seired,jmd remaining in the capital for tliree days, " plundered -thehouses, lavished the women., and feasted his soldiers uppii :the wjne ind. luxuries' theyfonnd." and then went back to his ships nith 1,<W0,000 oi dolLT-rs oJ-traisnre, and without the loss of a single man. In anotiier cliaptex Mr Curtis relates how "the ghost of'that' most famous of all freebooters, Sir Frapcis Drake, haunts the harbor of Puerto Cabdlo, : in the tJolfe Triste, a few leagues westward of La Guayra," where, it is alleged, he died of yellow fever, and "was dropped into the water witti a bag of shot at,his heels." Tlicsc statements are literally astounding, for Drake was never at Caracas in his life, and there is TkO Ticoid of Ins ever having been at Ła Guayra, and as to his death, it occurred off the coast of Darien. and his body was " endosed in a leaden coffin and solemnly committed to the deep amid the blare of trumpets and the thunder of cannon." As the contributor to AfacmiKan's observes, " If "many such books (as this) are written for the 'edification of the American youth, one can understand that some very queer notions may get about amonę' them concerning the part played by Englishmen in tlie history of their country." An accident, which had a peculiar novelty about it; happcuod to a young man named Insou, while out shooting at Maryborough a day or two since. He was using au oH rifle, which had been converted into a breechloading gun, and was firing At a bird when the breech flew open. The brass cartridge ; was ejected as the result, and it struck him; violently on -the head, inflicting ' a nasty wound. A number of .startling demonstrations with the newly discovered Bcmtgen rays were shown on Wednesday by Mr Selby .at" his office in Melbourne, in the presence of many interested spectators. Mr Sclby arranged a simple electrical installation, which enabled the astonished visitor to see through wooden boards, cardboard boxes, leather purses, and other opaque bodies as plainly as through clear glass, and to observe tlic metal objects which hiy inside. One experiment showed how difficult it inay become with this new agent iu daily use to disguise tlic state of one's finances, - A sceptical onlooker, thinking he would, baffle Mr Selby, asked him to naine the amount of money lie had in his purse. That .artidc nras subjected to the iay^,aM:łUe^|»rrcct -iunouut aspcrtained- Tlie most suginsinj results were attained by Mr ^elbyitt tóie use of, a strong iuiluction coil aud ^he ordinary CrookcTs vacuum tube in a nrimljer bf exjr)erimcnts. not the leaś striking of. which was the one in which he enabled a curious spectator to sec the skeleton of his own hand straight before his eyes. • The Chinese perjury case, which, says the Befldijo bidcpeiulenł. was heard in the Assize Court on Thursday, afforded the Crown Prosecutor, Mr J. TV T. Smith, an opportunity of making some analogous comparisons between the alleged Chinese secret society, the "GoeHing," and some secret societies to be found in Victoria. The ^-Gee Hing," he explained, was in reality a friendly society, but it was alleged by the accused and his partisans to be a secret organisation banded together for -the protection of its members. It was. reputed to lie quite a Masonic body so exclusive and conservative were its members. The accused man's defeuGc in the perjury count "was that" his allegations were true, and that the "(ice Hing" was a dangerous institution. It was represented to the European imagination as a body which stirred np strife in the community. The people of Victoria; had recently seen what secret societies w<?re capable of doing, and, it would be very interesting to hear an obsomnt Chinaman describe iu Pekin the sight that was to be scan a few Sundays ago at Brunswick, As a strict matter of fact (said the Crown Prosecutor) there was nothing secret about the "Gee Hing." It was a friendly society pure and simple, as its book of rules proved. 