feVusWS. Practicai. Phuavthbopt.— From Jftssrs. MacMillan & Co., London, we have received a suggestive work on 'The Poor and Their DaDDinoss— Missions and Mission . Philan thropy,' by John Goldio. A nrst impression is that the author has been a philanthropic sprinter, and had overstrained the muscles of benevolence, for he speaks painfully out of the fulness of considerable experience in mission work. 'For tho amelioration . or improve ment in tho condition of the poor we can no longer put any faith in those virtues that have been so long looked upon, as the proper regenerators of mankiud- religion, morality, education. Nor can we include in our philau thropy what- have been, considered the leaven and essence pf philanthropy— ideality, sentiment, imagination, or what goes to form our higher conceptions of life.' This is a clean sweep. It makes the condition of the poor doubly distressful, because hopeless. Accept his promises and it is not difficult to conclude that philanthropy is a bad busiuess, particularly, philanthropy ladled out indis criminately to promote selfish or class interests. Tho author, in fact, denies tho existence- of pure unadulterated, philanthropy; what passes for 6uch is, in his opinion, only u lovo ot an idea. It would be passing srrangq if so much labour should be spent un producing a counterfeit of a virtue which liad no existence in reality. In other directions the author plays tha Iconoclast with a heavy hand, reducing religion and virtue- to a mer cenary respectability or cheap form of amuse ment Yet hero and there, in spite of liberties with logic, he makes shrewd observations. 'It is those possessed of least endurance who are tho leading philanthropists — the hysterical, the neurotic, tho fibre less. . . . The nmrdcrcr must escape the law because they do not liko political punish ment. The Judge's decision must bo over turned and the law of the country brought into contempt because they dislike its penalties. Thieves and false accusers must escape scotfree because there are circumstances in their career that aro interesting.' Mr. Goldie believes in what ho describes as. rational philanthropy, and the conclusions at which , ho arrives aro these :— ' Tho interfering with tho normal conditions of any person's life i- not philan thropy. The intermittent thrusting of plea sures upon the poor— pleasures they cannot indulge in themselves— is not philanthropy. Tho artificial augmentation of their earning or spending power is not philanthropy. And, above all, the attempts pf a weaker class to gango what is the suffering of a strong class destroys iu both that fortitude which is the solo hope for tho regeneration of mankind.' Tho poor is the race's inheritance, owing to laws of human nature to some extent imper fectly understood, laws which can ba evaded neither in the East End of London or Paraguay or on the banks of tho Murray. They re present the trough bf the sea of humanity, and : it is more than ' quixotic to at tempt to iron tho creases out of the ocean. The trough of one generation may be the crest of another. Not unfrequcntly io poverty the energies of a family once great lioin fallow and recuperate. And the sooner the amateur philanthropist recognises that in most instances tho conditions of poverty do not amc so much from accidental surroundings as the working of a hidden law the better for his results. To treat the poor en. Woe with soup of one land and measure and garments, of tha same pattern and. cut ia as absurd as to try to engraft Belpravia manners upon Wbitechapel denizens. The most that. the philanthropist can do is to take charge of destitute children and .iced ; tend the sick poor, as is dono notably iu Adelaide.; to stimulate hope with oppor tunity, as the Salvation Army is successfully illustrating in its social department; and to deal with cases, generally individually, accord ing to tho rjectuiar circumstances. Though Mr. Goldie is not faultless ns a writer or a philosopher, and liis conclusions may ttartlu the orthodox, yet bis book is capable of starting many thinking on profitable lines. 'A Qoestiox or Faith,' by L. Dongall. Butchin*on & Co., London. It was tho wish of both Hal Harvey's and Alico Bolitho's parents that they should marry. Hal is a good-looking, sensible young artist, and Alice is a strong-minded girl who nod taken a degree at Cambridge.' Alico lives in the country, and Hal, who resides in London, pays her a visit Neither of them liked tho iilc.i of being married by family arrangement; but on closer acquaintance, however, they begin to care for each other. - Harvey is mnch struck with a wild bit of scenory. some three uules from Alice's home. One day while engaged in painting it Miss Bolitho runs past him with a faco so white that ho hardly knows whether it is a woman or a ghost Tho causo of Alice's .terror was that as- sho walked along a dangerous path in tho vicinity au old man sprang suddenly from behind a bush, and seized her arm. ' Listen, girl.' tho roan's eyes glared at her, she felt his hot breath with his words. - ' My sou and I aro hunicd to death. Wu have taken refuge in a cellar of a, mud hut on tho heath yonder. Hyson ia dying ; he will never walk again in the light. ' Dying ! do you know what that means? No matter what he has done. They would catch him and drag, him, dying as he is, into courts and prisons if they could. We are Htarving, starv ing ! Do you know what that mcaiu?' They are standing on the odgo of a precipice, and tbo girl, who is in fear of her life, repeats a solemn oath which tho man administers. She binds herself to supply the fugitives with food, and to keep the secret. ' Lister., U said tho. - man; you keen this - word yon have said, and I shall keep my son long enough to teach him a thini; lie needs to know— a tiling that will redeem his soul. I will teach him what love and mercy rocau, and he will understand God's justice, and it will rvdeem his soul. You break these words yon havo spoken— and- — ' His tonen, now threatening, stopped; ho looked wildly towards Heaven.'' Alice tries to induce her lover to paint elsewhere, but he refuses. Tbe consequenco is that in fulfilling her oath by secretly carrying food to the hut he sees her speaking to a. man. Sho also goes - out at night by herself and refuses to satisfy Harvoy as to her mysterious proceedings. Alico thinks that her lover should trust her implicitly, whilst he thinks that sho should have no socreis from him. Distrust and estrangement now bet in. In delineating the characters in the work Iwforo us Miss Dougall displays her keen analytical powers to perfection. Of course, a new book by the talented authoress of the '' Zciak Geist' and ' Bcraiirs All' is mire to ho welcomed, but tho reader will hardly find her latest work so entrancing as either of thosf. 'The Labocti : Problem,' by Geoffrey Drasc. Smith, Elder, & Co.— This volume deals with tho labour problem from thu practi cal legislator's point of view. The author maintains that iu self-help as opposed to socialism will be found the chief remwlv for tho ovcr- rocurring labour troubles— self-liclp supplemented by a sympathetic administration of existing Ian?, assisted from timo to timo by practical detailed amendments of these laws to metst tbo cvor-varving- conditions of industry and commerce*. 'For a general reconstruction of sosioly, and, indeed,' says Mr. Dragc, 'for any so-culled heroic legislation, thoro appears to bo no need.' In addition to wages and hoitra of work, the book deaU exhaustively with employers' liability, protectivo legislation and inspection, tho employment of women and children, and trade disputes. - Under tho latter heading a chapter is devoted to picketing. There are four appendices, the first deals with 'Socialism in relation to tt-3 labour question, :- in which - Robert Owen and the Chartist movement is noticed. The others relate to tho industrial conditions of the working, clashes, the' eradication of slums, tho introduction of machinery, and a liGst of other kindred subjects. The work con tains numerous tables and ' diagrams; which show at a glance the comparative rate of wapes in different trades for a given time, the variv lion in the price of commodities mostly used br the working classes, tho decrease- of pau perism, the increase - of wealth, &c.; The amount of labour and research required to pro duce- a t'olume like the one before us must have been prodigious, and no doubt the practical experience trained by Mr. Drage during his connection with the late Labour Commission was serviceable. Copious marginal references and an admirably arranged index add to its valne as a book of reference. The work is dedi cated to Judge Windoyer, of New Sooth Wales, 'a3 a memento of thn pleasant dors spent with him at Athens and Marathon; mid of bis kindness and hospitality to the author in Australasia.' . ?' *- 'The Little Duchess,' by Ethel Turner, and 'The Rajah's Sapphire.' by M. P. Shiel, are two of tho daintily got up 'Nautilus' scries, and both are charmingly illustrated. )Iiss Turner's volume contains somo pleasant little stories, the scenes of which are laid in Now South Wales. 'Tho City of Raspberry Jam' is a humorous bit of writing, whilst 'Toychild' is both amusing and pathetic. Ono of the best things in the book tolls of a man of no account called Ebcnczcr, who fnid lenly becomes possessed of a windfall of £100,000, and on tho strength of it marries the girl of his heart Mr. Shiols's story is based on a plot given him vivd nee by W. T. Stead. It open3 in Berlin on the Kaiser's birthday last year, and tells bow a rising sun of the Corps Diplomatique is instructed by. Prince Hohenloho to proceed at onco to England, and from thenco to China, on a secret ? mission in connection with the treaty between that country aud Japan. On the evo of bis departure ho receives a telogram Irom Ada Macdonald. his sweetheart, in London, tolling him to release the Rajah's sapphira from a Bremen pawn broker, and bring it to her in time for a certain ball. Tradition told how an Indian princoin tho sixth century before Christ had murdered his father and stole tbe sapphire. Asbo(flcd through the jungl» ho was devoured by a tiger, all except tho hand that held tho jewel. Since then thn mo3fc terrible misfortune had over taken all who possessed it,- including Ada's father, into whoso bands it bad fallen while travelling in HJiodoU&n;, Tho young. 4iiplo» matiitcajrvwoBt^da's in4tructjbaa--«atliwhat result ajay W leimt &;' rexdiflg this: mar- vellous etorv, which ia of cntraacjoi. interest from cover to cover. - Meter* Wigg , & Son havo also sent us a volume of short tales and sketches, entitled ' Cameos,' by Marie Corclli (Hutchinaon and Co.), which with one exception hare already appeared in various English magazines. In a preface the gifted authoress has a «iap at thi Editor of ths P-dl MM Bwd/iet. . « io had printed and praised one of the trifle* under tb§ beading ' Another Dream /br-OlitreSchi&ner;, but who suddenly ceased 'his praise on dis covery of tho mistake. In the book before m wu havo the dolickiiiMy humorous 'Tnrce Wise Men of Gotham,'' the powerful 'S3eoc« of the Maharajah,' and a sonple of striking allegorical sketches. Wonderful imagination and pathos characterize tho otben.of which the two best are ' The Lady with the Carna* tions' and 'Tho Hired Baby.' 'Tnc PnoBLCM of PeejcihcV *-T Mn, Vere Campbell, and 'Mabcakct Gret,' .by H. B. Baker, aro tho thud and fourth volumes of. Mr. Fisher TJnirin's 'Lfttl« Novels' series. The first tells of the devotion of a handsome, high-principled w man to a drunken, mean- spirited husband. Margaret Marey, tho heroine, is sorely tempted, anq till very near the end the reader is in doubt ttto the dtnmttmtnt. Mr*. Campbell -arrises in » pleasantly crisp style. 'Margaret Grey,' alias Madge Highflyer, is a handsome unfortu* nate who prevents a starving young maa'froot committing suicide by presenting him with her purse. Stan-ing young mm soon after comes into a competency. After a Jong search ho finds his preserver assisting a dcrgyniin'H wife to reclaim annera in London East-End slums, and falls madly io love with her. Handsome, unfortunate in' habit of taking mysterious holidays to recruit energies, but tetl» no ono whert she spend* them, and clergyman's wife, though curious, is too polite to ask. Once starving young man, however, is determined to find out, and m the long run does, and by buying this exciting and interesting lit tie book any one else's curiosity on the subject may be satisfied. ' Tire Ei.Krr.NTii CoM»AKi-ME5T,n by Halliwell Sutcliffo (Heincinauu). Thn is a decidedly clever novel, abounding in light and sparkling dialogue and not devoid of startling incidents. Tho vicar of the overgrown parish of 4axilton lind a difficult path to steer. On one sido of the town was a great private* estate, its well-stocked preserves containing every clement antagonistic to the democratic operatives forming the bulk of the town popu lation, aa well as to tho aummjux-ridta who held sway on tho opposite side. Howercr, tea Rev. Charles BnrtuaatoftH, who had been five years vicar, had so fur by judicious trimming of sails steered a successful course. Tha Doorer classes of course, did not count for much ou tho ecclesiastical chessboard. It was thu two wealthy sections of. tbe communitv that took all the vicar'* 'time to manipulate. Respectability was tbepole star which guided his ship, aud suavity of manners the means by which ho Jcent her 'i*a- wortliy. Hih new curate, the Rev. Godfrey Kninc, tho hero of the story, is a hone of another colour. 'Die vicar takes Knipe to Stonylnnds House, and on the way thilber im- ? presses u)K-n him the necessity of ooaeiuatiny Mich peoplo as Mrs. Bilbrara, the owner, who, liar the squire, was the richeft peison in tha parish. '* She was accustomed to nv« liberally if only 'humoured' a little, ' fcu'd the vicar.. The curate asks what he meant bv 'humour.' 'Well, yon know,', ho rtsnonded, 'we all have our 'foible*, and Mn, Bilbrani likes to be an authority in Church affairs— likes to think she gets her own way and that Jtiud of thing.'* ' I sec,' said Knipe.' ' Of course, Knipe, you aro young yet ; you have not been long in the Church, and you want to realise all . your ideals straight off. It is very propel,, and so on. but later you will learn tha|, prudencn is necessary. The _£att is jaa biuot regard the Church a* a poinjj busineMton-! corn, nud not on business principle!.' The oxpressiou on tho curate's face completely changed. 'Ah, yes, I see,' he acquiesced smilingly, 'a kind of limited liability Com* pany for tbo salvation of fouls.'' Mrs. Bilbrani ' asks Knipn how he lined the altar-cloth, and was horrified at the reply that ho had 'really not noticed it,' which was vciy indiscreet considering that the lady had onty recently piircbaxcil it at a fabulous price. Shie acented unorthodox)-, heresy— everything that perilled, & man's immortal soul. 'You are not con* vinced of the impounnce of ritual in Church wonhip, I fear,' she remarked, glaring puff* nacsoiinly at Knipe. 'Not a bit; T regard it ! km quito unimportant' lie responded dieer. fully. Most ot the characters an spiritedly mid truthfully drawn, Beatrice Dancboln*, tho squire's charming but wilful daughter, with whom Knipo irJIs in love, being an especially clover creation. Wo congratulate Sir. Suteliffe. who we believe is a new author, on a good piece of work. 'Dove Soso.'— This is a small anonymous rolume of poetry, published by Kefcan Paul, Trench. & Co. It opens with 'The Boarding House,' which ruua oilily alongin this style:— fmleed.ixas excellent (a splonuidtotker* For instance, stuffed with chestnut*), though, erea thoo. . ?.-???? Maybe, tbe first mvctl, or those favoured folk V»r whom the hostess's sly .solicitude . ? ? Might Ret rlbariou* umrtcla from rue 4i*b. While those who for their room paid no gnat price, jttM «plnftt«M, sty, or thnsu wbc«e ne-.t» at board ' Were from tbe honest far. endured neplrct. Rut other timea thin noup. steak like the soles 3f an old boot, tbo mutton chop's lone flap. - Pale bndns, oud salad whence the ouu-vona streteb'd Hta gnit-kly, as b* averse to vineca& ibis is followed by some Spenserian stanza* sntitled 'A Match,? and somo restful, little I poems of about a dozen linos each. After sleep ing over it, and deep consideration, we are ? unable to say whether ''Dova Soso' is aa sxaniple of the humorous, tho pathetic, or tbe tragic muse. ? ' 'The Fjuaact of Sacramental Covm* sign-,' by the1 Kov. Charles -'«!,. M. A. I Simpkin. Marshall, & Co.— The author ad ranees many arguments against auricular eon*' Tcssion and priestly absolution, and denounce! them as harmful to tho penitent, the priest, ind the public at large. The neceaity of . confession to* God and not- to man is dilated on. and the reasons aro inven why' in the rev. author's opinion, the confessional bat been m widely adopted. The book is yigorouidy written, and the profits derived from iU sale will bo devoted to the renovation of St. Mathias, Poplar. Secondhand Books.— We have received from Mr. Charles Lowe, . of Birmingham, ? catalogue of secondhand books. Among them are a number which have recently beenaotrairad from the libraries of Sir Edward ana Sir Walter Blount, of historic renown. Many of them arc exceedingly beautiful and well pre* lerved editions, and in some instances very ' rare. The prices quoted aro in most case* not % third of their original cost ? - . ; 