NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") Ths lithographic printers and all other persons who are Interested in the strict enforcement of the postal provisions are perfectly right In urging the Postmaster- General to see fair dealing In the matter of charges. I think It Is the visible self- evident right of everybody in this province to buy his colored supplements and Illus trations of every kind Just where ho Ulces, or can best afford to. But If there Is a law in existence which defines what should be paid per ounce or per ton for matter produced In the colony, and which Is plainly not intended to refer to matter produced elsewhere, It should be enforced rigorously. If It Isn't, and Mr. Cook seemed to admit to tbe deputation which approached him on the subject that it Is, the mat ter Is one, not only for those who have a direct trade Interest in it, but for tho whole community. De mocracy, if it would only consider the matter well, would realise that nothing can be of more importance to It than the rigid enforcement of laws. Especially Is this the case with regard to bad laws, or legislative decrees that are new and on their trial trip. There are scores of statutes In exis tence here which would be repealed quickly if any thorough effort were made by tho authorities to give full effect to them. They are not In accordance with the de- sided finding of a majority of the people though, and their violation Is consequently winked at. Once in a way spasmodic efforts are made to enforce laws against Sunday fruit-selling and tbe like, which only expose the machinery of constitu tionalism to ridicule. So with Sunday beer- drinking, horse-race gambling, and lots of things else. It would be well if the laws on these matters were sternly administered, for about a week. Then the people would get mad enough to repeal them, and let people do honestly and lawfully what they now go on doing unlawfully and with a sense of criminality, although almost openly. It is the concern of the people at large that postal regulations meant to tell some what against the purchase by our public of lithographs made In Germany, or any where else overseas, should be followed out to tho last letter. Presumably the reason why this class of art work is in troduced here is because It comes nearer to supplying a popular demand than any thing locally obtainable at the price. But if the electors of New South Wales are asses enough to sanction regulations which In any degree debar them from obtain ing such things, those charged with the administration of the laws should seo tbat thoy don't obtain them, to the full degree of the self-imposed prohibition. If this country is going to follow freetrade prin ciples, the sooner she sets about correct ing mischievous departmental regulations and Ministerial tinkerings, and amending out of all Acts their little protective in fluences, tho better. Why on earth shouldn't we be able to buy anything wo have a liking for, even if It is the most atrocious thing In Prussian color-reproduc tion, or the literary unspeakableness of Alley Sloper and all his London tribe? Public taste may be all wrong in such things, but under the democratic form of government which we are supposed to en joy the public itself Is the only possible competent judge of whether or not this is the case. The public should Insist upon having the same chance of buying pictures or hooks as of buying hoots or tea, and should take particularly good care that the cultivation of Its tastes are not taken in hand by any chance occupant of Ministerial office. Tho great Pan-Anglican corrobboree of heavy- weight throwing and poem-writing, which was to have served as a potent means of welding together all the out lying parts of the Empire on v/hlch the sun never sets, has seemingly fizzled out. Thero were to have been British- descended sluggers from the Cape, quoit champions from New Zealand, cricketers, footballers, wrestlers, and devotees of every other kind of manly sport in which Anglo-Saxondom develops its muscles and takes its recrea tion. Also there were to bo contests in literature, art, science, music, and so forth, tho victors whereof wero to be re warded with bay-leaf wreaths and other more negotiable prizes. Probably it was found by the projectors of this scheme that they could not raise a sufficient gua rantee fund to secure grounds for the sports, or provide a bag of bay-leaves at market rates. Anyhow, all mention of tbe thing has ceased, and it seems that the unity of English-speakers must contrive to get along on the old lines. But there is to be a revival of tho old Olympian games at Athens. Tho wily Greeks have stolen the Pan-Anglican thunder, and are going to adapt tbe London idea to their own kingdom, whence it was origi nally taken. There Is every pro mise of a big "gate" too. King Oscar of. Sweden and the King of Germany haring undertaken to come. There Is to be a twenty-five mile footrace, starting from Thermopylae, and a whole host of minor and equally modern attractions, which are enough to make the ghost of Byron rise and address maledictions to tho degenerate children of tho unforgotten brave. Their devotion to the Pyrrhic dance, and their forgetfulness of the Pyrrhic phalanx, was tho subject of his burning scorn. What would he think of a descent to Sheffield handicaps and promiscuous sprinting and slugging? There Is not a more curious form of men tal aberration, perhaps, than that of the miser. Of late thero has been a boom In miser-finding. They have been discovered in almost equal plenty with new shoots of magnificent stono In tho very far western gold mines. It Is quite epmmon when the police, for his own protection, seek to re- movo from his breadless homo some hag gard, decrepit old man. to find concealed about bis rags bank receipts and other forms of security for largo sums of hard cash. Also, the cash itself, in some cases, far beyond the hopes of the avorago thrifty worker. Several hundreds of pounds Is about the least which it is customary to obtain by going through tho looped and windowed apparel of the helpless destitute. In Europe and America thero have recently been some magnificent finds of misers. Ono, an American, who died In Paris the other day, and who, during a great deal of his lifo, rooted for provender among the rubbish depots, could have had a cheque for £80,000 cashed if ho had wanted to. What makes the mania of tho miser most pitiful Is that In tho fear of having at some future timo to endure misery and privation, ho goes on enduring them voluntarily, un til there Is no enjoyment left to him In anything liko a square meal or a decent suit of clothing. In making provision for a future, which ho docs as much as ho daro do to prevent himself from ever reaching, ho goes on currently enduring tho worst possibilities such a future could bring to him. In ono of these colonies a very wealthy citizen became seized with the fear that he would die of want, and In order to guard against that fate saved money to ouch a degree that ho died from the effects of self-starvation within three months. 