Tee second reading ot the Great Western Railway Bill is to. be biotad to-night in the ASselttblJ'. Ho ineasnre that lifts been introduced into the Tasmanian Parliament has ever exoited more interest. The duty of the legis lature to the country in regard to the bill is plain. It onirbt not to be passed until the people have been given an opportunity to say whether the large concessions asked for by the promoters should be made or not. Notwithstand ing all that has Ijeen written and saiA for and against the proposal)! there is nnmistakable proof tnat the majority of the people do not folly understand the provisions of the bill. This is an argument that cuts both ways. It might bB that when the litnation is fairly grasped the opposition to the bill will be increased) ah the other hand there is the possibility of antagon ism decreasing. At the same time it does unquestionably strengthen the almost unanimous demand of tbe colony for more time to consider the whole matter.' Now what are the facts concerning the Great Western Eauway Company's proposals ? A rumor was in circulation some six weeks ago which embraced two schemes, one alleged to be emanating from London abd the other from Vic torian investors. Subsequently a bill was introduced to Parliament embodying the propoEals of the Great Western flail way ana Electric Ore Reduction Com pany. This was referred to a Belect committee of the Assembly, and event ually, after some eight days' investi gation and evidence taking, a report was presented to tne noose embodying a number of amendments which re duced tbe concessions aeked for and limited I he powers of the company considerably. The report wbb brought up on Friday, Octobcr 9, but it was not till three days later that the amendments Bnggested by the com mittee could be embodied in the origi nal bill. Thns the proposals as they now Btand have only Deen before Par liament and the people a week or so. The date of the iesne of the original bill has no material bearing on tbe ques tion. It might have been ont six months ago, instead of only six weeks, and still tbe present position of affairs would remain unaltered. What mem bers of the legislature and the colony have to act upon is the bill as it stands amended. Is one week long enough to enable tbe colony to get hold of the details of a proposed piece of legisla tion which, together with the evidence given before the select committee, fills 1X2 pages of foolscap paper ? The most valuable reply that can be ob tained to that question is the answer of the colony itself. Since tbe seleot committee's recommendations to Par liament appeared in these oolumns a few days ago we have published expressions of opinion from thirteen different centres of population. From only two, Hobart and Brighton, came support to the proposed parage of the bill this session, whilst from Launces ton, Devonport, Deloraine, Fiogal, St. Mary's, Campbelltown,Waratah, Scotts dale, Wynyard, Evandale, and Glad stone, there have been decided requests for delay. Parliament cannot wholly disregard tbe situation thns created and so treat with contempt the reason able request of the greater portion of the population of the colony. Bnt that ie exactly what it will do if it passes the bill without giving the fieople a chance to say yes or no to the arge concessions involved. Let us look at the pleas put forward for the bill and the arguments against it. For th-e bill it it said — That from one to two millions of money will be spent in the colony by tbe company, that this expenditure will attract other capital, and that it is for the introduction ' of capital Tasmania has been asking to de» velop her natural resources. One-fourth of whatever is thus expended wiil pass into the colony's Treasury as re Tbe expenditure of so much money would give a large amount of employment, and render it unneocss&ry; for s? many young xasmaniaus 10 icave tneir homes and Bcarcb for work outside the colony. Tbe railway and (he ore reduction works would be pormanont institutions, which must be kept iu full active operation to pay interest on the capital sunk in them, Tho country to bo traversed by the rail way and the land to be given to the company are at present valueless, and a drain on the colony's finances, while the water-rower to be conceded is running, and likely to con tinue to run, to waste. The conitruction of the railway would turn iht- south-western portion of the colony into revenue-producing territory. Without a railway mining operations there are practically impossible. A larger market would be opened op for natural products, and the whole colony must necessarily benefit in more ways than one. The terms of the bill are 'may ' not 'shall,' as far as the Government is con cerned ; therefore it is only a measure to cnaoie ine uovernmeni to enter into a con tract with the company. Against the bill it is urged— That there is no necessity for the proposed railway. If there were it would be tbe duty of tbe Government to make it. The concessions of 600,000 acres of land and 76.000 horse-power of water recom mended by the select committee are alto gether out of proportion to the benefits the colony would derive from the making of the railway. No syndicate or company ought to be given a monopoly of the carriage through each a large tract of country, cor conceded an enormous water-power which might en able it to dictate terms to other mining companies. There is a danger that tbe proposed con cessions of water-power could only be made at the expense of other mining companies either now or prospectively obtaining water power from the rivers sad lakes. The information available concerning tbe country to be traversed by the railway and the land to be given to the company is in sufficient to enable an impartial opinion to be formed on their character. This belli)! ? the Colony might be giving away nntold wealth. Before a bill of this kind is passed It U the duty of the Government to obtain de finite information about the territory to W traversed by the railway and panic ulaflyr \- so with regard to the land and the watery | power Wanted by the tontpanyl ' ' ^ Lnese points cannot be permed by.fcny i impartial mind without an admission | that there iB something to Ift BaiffTtitf both eidea-of the question. And 'we venture to think that the oase against tbe hill is sufficiently strong to justify the demand for delay. To shelve the bill now and give the oonstitncncieB tbe right of voting on the propoEals would be a perfectly sane and logical course to pursue. Np tnember of the select committed would care to commit himjjelf so far bb to say that the in vestigation of that body was completely exhaustive. In putting this forward against the bill there is no intention to question the honeBty and integrity of purpose of evefy inethber of the Coftmittfee, nbfc ifl there any idea of falsing a point as to the competency of the witnesses. But it is important to bear in mind that no evidence from the West Ooast was called. That part of the colony seems to have been en tirely ignored, as far as its opinion was concerned, although the matters under consideration were of more im portance to it than to ctny other division of the island. If lithe did not permit of vtftnbsses being Called from the West, that 16 one more reason why the bill should be dismissed from the legislature, for this session at al! even ts. , There is nothing to prevent a revival , of tbe bill when the new Paiiiament meets, and that is a strong argaaient in : favor of the proposition that it can be scotched now without barm so any body. Members will fail to perform their duty to the colony as a whole and to their constituencies if they do not vote against the second reading of the bill. ? ? The peculiarities of the Geimans are beiug brought out by the coUtse of international events in Europe. The I Emperor William, if one half tbe re ports circulated about him are correct, I is a most extraordinary monarch. When Qreat Britain was engaged in the operation of smoothing down the i feelings of the nngentle Boers, ruffled by Jameson's dash for notoriety and J ohanneaburgj the Raiaer caused come excitement by an unnecessary display of hostility to the old conntry and an excessive demonstration of sympathy with Kroger. The general alUround ^ wigging he received on that occa sion for his childish conduct was interestingly caricatured in the oomic papers, whioh represented Mm as a small boy being 44 spanked ' by his grandmother. The Emperor survived all this, however, and as good as SromiBed not to do it again. Bnt the zar'a tour seems to have disturbed; him and hiB country once more. The ' goings on in Paris are reported to have caused William to disguise himself and play the part of a skeleton at the feast. If the statement is correct, it goes to i show that kings are as small- minded as some of their subjects. It ie, | no doubt, very disagreeable to Ger many to find that her unwarrantable interference in a dispute between Great Britain and one of the pieceB of the world over which she exercises suze rainty should have had no other result than creating a distinct coolness be tween the British and tbe Germans, and simultaneously driving Britain into an improved relationship with Bussia, to say nothing of France, which of course now follows Bnssia every where. But the Germans have only themselves to blame. The extent to which they are piqued over the ap parent friendliness tf the three great rowers mentioned is shown by their sensitive regard for what TJis Times has been saying about the Triple Alliance. It is absurd, of course, of the German Press to talk about Great Britain trying to detach Italy, and tbe organs of public opinion in the Father land make themselves perfectly ridi culous when they assert that the ex penses of the Franco-Russian embrace will fall on England. It would be just as sensible of those two nations to say in a fit of jealousy that the British Parliament was going to pay for the next new yacht the Emperor of Germany gets, and in addition present him with a brand new dingey. It looks as if trouble is brewing again over the Venezuelan frontier. This question is now entitled to rank as a first-claBs nuisance. Great Britain and blie United StateB were at loggerheads over it somewhat Beriously at, the be- ! ginning of the year. And it seems i that the Commission which the Govern ment at Washington then took upon itself to appoint, thereby ' poking its nose' into a matter that concerned only the British and Venezuelan Go which Sir Edward Clarke, who is an eminent lawyer, pronounces to be ad verse to the claims of Great Britain. Thc state of public feeling in London is, therefore, said to have gone up to 'feverish,' the attack .being the direct result of similar excitement in New York. It might have been ex pected that previous experience would have prevented these two cities 'losing their heads,' eo to speak, over an affair in connection with which Lord Salisbury and Mr Olney have been trying to arrange terms of arbitration ever since the last outbreak. Sir Edward Olarke spoke as if he had obtained what the Americans call 'inside' information abont tbe find iug of the Commission. But even if he were exceptionally well-informed ou the matter it is not at all probable that his advice would be accepted. Great Britain has been put on her dignity over this boundary dispute by the American assertion of thefconro doctrineiand it is ecarc ?ly to bB inpposed that she will be bound by the verdict of a Commission with whose appointment she had nothing to do. Witn the pre sidential election going on in the States a considerable amount of hnrest is certain to prevail, and the bare £OSB1t. bility of a breeee with England would fan up tbe flames., The fiionev inarket is the first to refieot disturbances of this kind. If NewTork financiers arO affeoted by the popular agitation Lon don is bound to feel it. But in view of the efforts of the Governments of I Great Britain and the United States, | backed np 'by the personal intercessions of Mr Chamberlain, and the impression ! created throughout the world by Lord 1 Russell's great cpeeoh on international law to the Amenoan Bar Association, it is impossible to believe that Any thing but a pacific and satisfactory settlement will eventually be arrived ati Judging by the news from Carlsruhe concerning the summary despatch of an unfortunate engineer who happened £o brash tip against a perky lieutenant^ Obair it is just as Well to be tin officer in tbd Imperial arMy if £on happen to be living m Germany. If & whipper Snapper German lieutenant tioiialaett it a dishonor to be touohed by an ?engineer, what ^would bis feelings be if a stoker ventured to wink at him ? These pillars of the great sauBBge-fed army seem to take their one for eccentricity from their Emperor. The German oode of honor is very fine,, and bristles with points. An officer whole chair happens to be accidentally ttiuohed fey the liof&V; band of a first class meohanic could not challenge the offender to a dueL That would be grossly infra dig . And it would be worse^ still to offer to 11 take it out' of him in the old-fashioned, approved) and striotly British style... Accordingly tng Bnfy tionrsB oJ)en io a lieutenant of Brusewitz*s excitable temperament iB to run a sword through the offender. When that has been done the officer considers his honor to have been rescued from everlasting disgrace ! If this is the method adopted by military snobs in Germany to obtain satisfac- ! tion for imaginary insults it is not surprising to hear every cow and a^am that socialism is making rapid strides in that country. It will be dccidedly interesting to heaf what the conse quences of his efction will be to Lieu tenant Brusewitz. , The cablegram gives no particulars of what occurred after the engineer had been killed. In all probability the lieutenant sat down and read a book from the Court Library, satisfied that he had done the right thing. The English Mails. — The homeward bound mails per tbe B.M.S. Oroja, which left Tasmania on the 14th tilt., arrived Id London on the 17th inst,, having been 88 days in transit. PfcoPEBTT SALE; — Yesterday nine build* lng allotments, jltuated ou Box's Hill, Invermay, were offered for sale by auction by Messrs. A; Harrap and 6on, under in structions from the administrator to the estate of tbe late Mr William Graham. Bid ding was not brisk, and no business took place. A New Ikbolvent.— The petition of John Albert Rlncadc, of Longfom, laborer, was filed yesterday with the Begistrar in Bank ruptcy. The debtor estimates his liabilities ?at £100, and the first meeting of ccditors | will be held at the offioe ot )Qr E. Humane, I solicitor, 6t. John-street, at S o'olock on I November 12. ! Codlin Moth Fees,— At the Police Court y- sterday the Police Magistrate ordered five fruitgrowers to pay tbe coats incurred by them for not having paid tbe codlin moth levy In the time preeoribed. Tbe defendants, with the exception of one, hsd paid the levy. Undersized Flounders.— Tbe Police Magistrate yesterday condemned 10 under sized flounders seised by Constable Gregory from Joseph Mattson. A Paikful Accident. — A rather pain ful accident occurred yesterday. Mr 3. Ohapman, while acting In the capacity of chief officer of the b.b. Btar, was assisting a oarter to uxt a neavy cask into a csrt when his hand became jambed, with the result that the top of the middle finger of the left hand was cut off. Ukitebbitt Examinations.— Ths fol* lowing are the entries rcoeivod for tbe Tasmanian University public examinations : —Junior, SS boye, 81 girls ; total, 67. Senior, 17 boys, 7 girls ; total, 24. The details are as follow : — Hobart centre — Junior, 23 boys, 19 girls ; senior, 16 boys, 2 girls. Laun ceston centre— Junior, 6 boys, 12 girls ; senior, 2 boys, 4 girls. Ulverstone centre Junior, 6 boys, 3 girls ; senior, 1 girL A Constable fob Delobaine. — A special meeting of the Deloraine Municipal Council was held in the Council Chambers yesterday for the purpose of appointing a watcbhouse-keeper and petty constable. Present— Mcbstb. J. M. Griffin, C. J.L. 8mith, Wm. Abey, Jas. Scott, B. Hall, J. Best, M.H.A., and Dr. F. Oole. Forty applica tions were received, and, after a lengthy consideration, the Council appointed H. O. Oourt to the position. FUNERAL OF THE LATE MRS KIDD.— Yester- day the funeral of the late Mrs W. H. Kidd, who died on Friday afternoon, was held, the body being interred at Evandale. Before the ceremony a service was conducted at the house by the Rev. Henry Jones. A large number of vehicles and pedestrians followed the hearse, the latter leaving on the top of the Sandhill. The procession was met by a large number of the deceased lady's friends near Evandale, who followed to the cemetery. The service at the grave was conducted by Rev. J. Russell. The coffin was covered with a large number of beautiful wreaths sent by friends. The pall-bearers were four of the old boys who had received their education with the late Mr and Mrs Kidd. Tabuakiak Post Office Di&eotobt.;— Wc have received from the publishers Wise's Tasmanian Post Office Directory for 1896*7. It is a carefully prepared and well got up work, solidly and handsomely bound, and it contains an abundancoof useful in | xormaoon ior rexerence. mere is a com- j | plete directory of the householders in the 1 island alphabetically arranged, and the cities and towns are also given with the ad dresses of the residents. In addition there Is a section devoted to «the various profes sions and trades, a list of banking and finan cial institutions, legal information, and tbe roll of ' barristers and solicitors practising in Tasmania, with the names of the notaries public and the justices of tbe peace commis sioned in tbe colony. There are also com plete lists of the medical practitioners and pharmaocntical chemists. An edcc»tional directory giving details of the various col leges and schools is also included, and a usefnl ecclesiastical directory with the various places of worship of the different sects properly arranged and the names of tho ministers or officers in chargo appended. Tho various forms of local government are given, with the names of tbe governing bodies. The central Government, Customs tariff, and postal rates information con cludes a work compiled with extreme care and apparent correctness, which will be found useful in counting-house or for gene ral reference. Thtre aro also a large num ber of advertisements from business men settled in the colony. Messrs. Wise aud Co. last year published a directory for West and South Australia, and this year they intend producing similar works for the whole of tho Australian colonics and New Zealand. Longfobd Police Coubt.— At the police court yefterday, before tbe Warden and Mr G. H. Arthur, J.P., James, alias ' Donkey,' Sullivan was charged with the larocny of a leg of mutton, the property of Mr C. Gray, and pleaded not guilty. The cbatgc was proved, and he was sentenced to one mouth's - imprisonment. IK the hurry of life corrcct time is mos ! essential. Take your watch to W. Gardiner - be is the most reliable, and for all ether i repairs Is the cheapest and best. Cur 7s fid I watch is the wonder of the age. 40 St, I John-street,* 1 Wtr.TT^py SoClAlir— An entertain*, me&t; Waa^ield last evening 'at the Academy tot .-Muslo In aid of the sand for the ok* Jdteph'sfend Garrison Bands'vislt to Sydncy to take part in the Intercolonial Band Con test. The entertainment was arranged by the Early Closing AssoaiaUon, and was under the patronage ot the officers of the -Defenoe -Force.- - It took the form of a mili tary gamp aoolal, being an imitation of the way In wnl&h; the Defenbe Force amuse themselves while In oamp, Fflor to 1 the -performance ? -the - Launceston _Blfle 1 Begiment and High Sohool Cadets, with the Garrison Bandi paraded the town, and inarched to the Aoademy, tho Bt. Joseph's and City Bands doing likewise. There was a foil honBe in the stalls and pit, but the circle was snarselv attended. The raisins Of the curtain disclosed 'Ibe Tented Field by Night,' the scenery being effective. The two corps then marchcd on to the stage, headed by the Garrison Band. Alter piling arms they broke off and grouped themselves round fire-pots placed on the stage. A programme was gone through as follows Hong, 'The ¥obng .Brigade/1 Mr 2). Parker ; comic Bonfe, VDat'8 wot makes me grlnj' Mr Frod. Eatle { song»'Tammy Atkins/' SJr £. Ward| recltauob) 11 The ballad ox splenflld allcnoc,' Mr A» J» Hawkins f song, 'liet as like a soldier fall' (encored), Mr E. B. Sutton | comic Bong, ' Johnny get your gun', (en-, cored), -Air J. Ford j banjo solo, 4,fhe Indian patrol,' Mr Abbott ; song, ' The. eamp song,' Mr Or A. Morris i -de* ; loriptitb sobgf ' The sleeping eamp,' lit W.-H. Murray* the^cGond partwas entitled ' The Tented Field by fiay/' open ing with the song ' Here Ujpon; guard am 1' by &r; B. H.fhtteon,' Mr C. Munro secured % double encore for & tiomlb song, 11 Our Johnny.' ,-Mr^. Henry -sang ' The -Slkilt naveh^ftnd Mr C. A. Morris -rendereS ' A soldier -4nd a' tnani' -A duet, 'The bpld gendarmes, was sung j-y Messrs, r . n-ane and J» Ford. Very creditable exhibittansof bayonet exeroiscsand assaults at arms were given by a L.B.B. squad, wbllc tbe High School cadets ebowjed to advantage iu an ex hibition of physical drill with arms. The Gity Band gave tbclr services, and Madame Shaw abted afi acttotnpanlBt* Labob Fish in the TAMAh.— in refe rence to the large fish recently stranded at West Tamar, where it was found by Mi Plummer, and presented to tbe Launoeston -Museum, it may be stated that this fish has now been identified by Professor JT. W. Hutton,Cbristebiirch Milsetun, New'2ealand, ! & the SHibenQ^atfttilA (syn. Si Antarctica), and known in Sydney- at the jew fish. Lyddeker mentions that this species of the BcioenfcfiB attains a length of 6ft, and has a range extending from the British coasts to those of the Cape and Australia ; while Tarrell states that the fleeh of tbe meagre (the name by which the jew fish is known in the Mediterranean) appears alwajs to have been in great request with epicures, and that the fishermen of Home were in the habit of presenting the head, which was fconeldcred ibe finest part, as a sort oil tribute tb tbe thfee local magistrates who acted for the time as the conflertatcrs of tbe dty. It might also be mentioned that Pro fessor E- P. Banosay, ae commissioner of the New South Wales fisheries, iu his repsrt for 188b, says it hsK been more than once asserted that this fish is identical with the Well-known and highly- appreciated malgfe of the Mediterranean ; and Count Castclnau, ! though origically describing our jew fish as 1 a different vpecics, has Iatelj admitted having considerable doubt on the subject. Delobaine Codlin Motu Boabd.— A 8pcclal meeting was held jcslerday. Pre sent : Meters- C. J. L. Smith (chairman), W. Abey, B. Hall, J. Best, W. Bonnily, J. Graham, and J. Lovejiy (acting secretary). Mr Lovejoy reported that he bad callcd for applications from persons willing to act 8s secretary aud inspector ot tbe codlin moth board, aud his action was approved, Tbe applications Wi-rc then dealt with from the following :— Messrs. 0; Byard, H. J. L. Edgcnmbe, W; D. Harris, A. A. Peart, Nat. Poole, Q. J. Oswin, John A; Sptccr, and Cbas. H-inrr. Mr Hall muved that the offloer appointed be required to find a bond for £10. This was seconded by Mr Graham, but on being pot to the meeting was lost. The board then balloted for ono of the applicants, with the result that Mr Nat. Poole was chosen. The Written Testimony op Ghosts.— Extraordinary evidence was given in the Hawthorn Court last week during the hear Ingof a ease In which Emily Adams sought to recover certain moneys retained by W; H. Batten, auctioneer, as commission and expenses in connection with a sale of f nrni turne at Hart's parade, According to Miss Adams defendant agreed to conduct tbe sale at half the nsoal commission, and to charge her only advertisiog expenses, whereas he had deducted from the prooeeds more than double the amount he was entitled to, and misrepresented the amounts which some of. the articles realised. In croas-fexa initiation by Mr Wcstley, Miss Adams with much warmth admitted that she believed in the existence of ghosts, stating that she could, if de sired, give some 'great accounte' of that class of phenomena to the court. (Laughter.) The witness added, sympatheticsLlly : One of the ghosts, poor thing, had a broken leg— (Loud laughter)— and — Mr Westley : Are you really serious, Miss Adams, in swearing that you have encountered these 11 spooks f '—I am, indeed. There are human ghosts In Hawthorn. (Benewed laughter,) Mr Westley : By-tbe-way, is it a fact you had Detective Dungey Bleeping in your house for the purpose of laying hold of a ' ghost f' — I must refuse to answer that. It does not oonccrn you. Mrs Adams (mother of tho witness) : If you are not satisfied you can see the written testimony of the : 'ghosts.' (Laughter.) The dctence was that Miss Adams had imagined the alleged agreement with Mr Batten, who flatly con' tradicted her. Tbe case was dismissed, with 21e costs. iluMORe OF PUBLIC SPEAKING.— Mr Joseph Malins, himself a well-known public speaker, gives In tbe Woman's Signal eome amusing instances of the humors of publio speakiog. It is, he thinks, a lack ot fluency that causes the speaker so often to blunder. Mr Malins has listened to a temperance orator deploring the fact that a friend re sorts to 41 the frequent ute of the daily glass.' He heard a notablo lady speaker speak of slum children 'brought into the world with no more idea of home comfort than the children of nceroes in Africa.' One speaker said, » I rise emphatically,' and anotber said, ' I 6tand prostrate with astonishment' Yet anotber feelingly told hiB audience that it was ' not the plat form speaker, bnt tbe house-to-house visi tation, and tbe utterance of the silent word by the caller, which did the most good.' The statements that u the previous 1 speaker's suggestions were very feuggcstlve,' and that another speaker's remarks wore ' miscalculated to mislead}' Mr Mallna also mentions. Then there is . tho speaker who alwa;, b misplaces bis ' H's,' and who prays 11 that wo might be brought to the halter.' There was a flight, of fancy when a speaker | asked, ' bupposc if a modern balluon dropped I upon an uninhabited Uland what would the | natives say ?' l'bc scientific lecturer said of his coming experiment that ' all depenJs upon the preseut condition of the body about to be created.' A town councillor spoke of ' the rivers and streams that abac on the borough boundaries.' Among Mr Maline' other examples is tbe speaker who began with sayiDg, ' The proper study of mankind ia general is the — the etudy of mankind in general,' where upon an urchin in the audicnce cried out, ' You're a-goiu' in at the same hole you came out at-.' No less embarrassed was the um geauemau wnu, siumouug turougn an after-dinner speech, said:— 'I— 1 have no more to Bay, and eo— and bo — I'll make a few more remarks.' The builder frankly declared ho was 41 more fitted for the scaffold than the platform.' Sometimes the chair man errs in welcoming the speaker. We beard one welcome him as oue *' who iB always with ub, and wc wish he would come oftener.' Kind waB the announcement that *' there will be two more opportunities to i hear the lecturer ouco more.' It was when the meeting was ended that tbe chairman asked the audience to 'close by singing just one verse of the Doxology.' Government Bail ways.— For the con venience of visitors attending Archbishop Murphy s jubilee celebration cheap tickcts will be issued to Hobart on Saturday, Octo ber 24, by the mail train, which will be de layed until 10 p.m. The tickets will bo available for return up to Wednesday, Octo ber 28. Arrangements have also been made for running trainB to Latrobe Show, which takes place on Wednesday, Octobcr 28. Full particulars are published elsewhere. 