Personal. Dr. Verco, of Adelaide, is of opinion that elr-naentary physiology should be taught in aUjchools. May Day recently delivered a lecture on 'The Old Methods and the New 'in the ? Plattsburg Mechanics' Institute.' Messrs. H. L. Barber, of Nocundra, and to have strongly supported the Ministerial' ist candidate during -!he lata election. Ms. H. E- Boote, late editor of the Bundabcrg Guardian, will occupy the editorial chair of Gympie Trvdli from the start. Harry will be the right maa in the right place. Mk; WrTaTes,- 'ilab Scott, wTr-wdt~- ? known Democrat in Sydney, and well known in, engineering and musical circles in. Brisbane, Maryborough., and Ipswich, is on a visit to Queensland: Miss G. H. Speule, of Adelaide, who has recently returned from a lecture tour in America, is 70 years of age. This lady has announced her intention of spending the remainder of her days in advocating proportional representation. Thomas Bent, ex-Speaker of the Victorian Assembly, and Dagiifih, af-r the South Melbourne election, have purchased some experience. The result enriches the State to the extent of £100. Experience and , capital once more changing hands, Q&fi; would think la reading the cable gram account of the MaUbel* rising that Eobber Rhtdee ftlid his band of 250 brigands had met and dispersed several inillions of the native population, »ud that mount&ins; of dead man and rivers of blood lay in tneir victorious tracks. Me. Dave Bcwnmti, gfiuei-al orgaaUer of theQueenslaua Provincial Council, A.L.F., left Brisbane last Tuesday afternoon for Cbarlevillfi. He intends upending several months amoogeo the shearers &od; labourers in the district, and hopes oa his return to give a good account of bis mission, Mb. Wilfcs, a N.S.W. MX.A., having nieli Mr. Tozer on a level footing, eoufliders him 'a manly mas.' If ever Mr. Wiika has to shear sheep or do labourer'* work for a living in Qaeenslaed, and agitates for fair conditions he will find that theColouial Secratary is something more than a manly man. Jorn Watson, of Valley fame, has abandoned his intention of xjGtitioning gainst the return of Labour Member Frank M*Douh©U. John k&ew; he hadn't the ghost of a show of success, mid would never have moved in die matter but for fcbe persuasiveness of some of his pretended friends. #Ajre a Maorilaad jp&uer; 'The «ew Ft^esident of the Royal Academy, Sir John MUlais, has several near relations living in the colonies, Mr, Clement Hodgkinsot), the pormattent head of the Laade Deport rnenb in Victoria, is Sir John's half-brother. Mr. Miliais, of the Public Works Depart ?mA«lt WAlllmyfrtn ia hia fi^ofc nruisin and Mr. Malviile Gray, of Timaru, is brother* ? in-law of the eminenii painter. John Tighe Ryan, when on the Cornier. went after news oae day, and was asked it he was % reporter. 'No, I am not a reporter,' he indignantly replied, '* I am a journalist.11 And then the boys etutted him full up of strange news. Afterwards John was known amongst the Brisbane boys by tho pet gains or'ihe 'Dook of Plaea Tora.' Toe Duke, wo observe, has in a not-too-weil constructed par. con demned the N.S.W. Governor's late speech as ' the worst ever printed,' and couched in incorrect English. This two corrupt Melbourne justices of the peace, Eapipori; and Baxter, have escaped trial in the Supreme Court, because of what looks like a malicious or ignorant blunder on tha_patt of the Vjctorian Grown law autlidritiies. The t/hief Justice in formed the witnesses at) the outset that they were liable to be convicted on their own evidence as co conspirators, and might be hereafter charged, as, although they were witnj8Rs.ee, their names also appeared on the charge-sheet. Consequently the two material witnesses refused to give evidence, which is their legal right. The Shop Assistants' Early Clofiing Association bave not been unmindful of their faithful and energetic secretary (Mr. Frank M'Donneil, ML. A.). By their large attendance and their conduct at tho last half-yearly meeting held this week ? they demonstrated in no unmistakable manner the esteem in which he is held by those with whom he has been for ntany years so closely associated. After the ordinary busimgg. of the meeting had been diapoGft'.i of, ?the'preeideut of the association (Mr. Romerm&nn;) in a complitnentary little speech presented Mr. M'Doncell with a brautilul tea and u ff^e service and salver, all of which w--re sui::,bly iuscribpd. Mr. M'Donr'ell exprepp^d himself p.p. being gratified at I heir very'' gpiihioun ac*-, nnd he valued th-?ir tok«u more on accouijs of the goodwill v-'hicb it represented of «o msny of his fellows thaH of it;j intrinsic vr^rt'h. He hoped he would tsver bo found striving to help them in securing betlor cjnditione. Labour nieinbers Olassey and Duusford were present during the ceremony. 