UNDER THE VERANDAH. It was highly considerate on the part of tiro Premier to defer making his announcement with regard to the percentage reductions in the -. Civil .Service until the end of the Esstcr holidays. If It were known last week that there was no prospect of getting Irack ine oiu tcrotvB in duly next, panne servants would have entered upon their tour days' Ussier leave in gloom and despon dency. Refreshed and invigorated, however, by the brief reunite from arduous labor, they can rrent fortune's buffets with a smile and tlmnk tiro stars that directed their early course into tiro safe refuge of Cavernmcnt employ ment. There Is still one painful ordeal to he faced. A good deal of grumbling Is going on fn various departments about the occasio.cnl neoesBity for remaining after hours owing to preisure of work; I hear that this difficulty is to be got over by extending the office hoars from 4.30 until 5 o'clock. Until tho various obnnges in police court procedure presaged by tho report of the Dormer Inquiry Board lravo been actually brought into oporation, it would be well if honorary magis. tr ales who arc left in possession of tbeir com missions would endeavor to discharge their functions and not shirk tlicm. The ease of Sunday trading which the South Melbourne bonob absolutely refueod to Irenr the , other day, fn the absence of a police magistrate, suggests that some J'o. P. have been terrified out of their wits by tho result of the recent investigation. It is rather singular that tbotr worships should have thought it necessary to oot— or rather to re fuse to act— as they did merely beeauae, as the chairmen put it, " thcro is a lot being said against benebes and justices genorally." Wo all know, now, that tliero have been blaok shoep in the magisterial fold; but we aro quite willing to admit that the fleoocs of the two gentlemen at South Melbourne are pure as drlvoo mow. Even an honest justlee, however, must do something \-- to justify his oxistence. Of what use is bis honesty If ho folds hie bands and declines to aot lest haply somo slur may thereby be cast on Mb unblemished reputation ? Tho most dishonest magistrate wbo evor sat may conooivably give a right decision in any specified oaso ; which the most upright J.P. oaunot do If he follows the lead of Messrs, Jones aud Danks. London policemon have attained a world-wide reputation for thoir ability to rr.arago crowds. They at o equally successful in- guiding the waudor.lng . steps of tlio obfuscated and tho. obstreperous. The aauso Is not difficult to dis cover.,, Thoir motto Is. .-persuasion, not punish- merit. They, ars not taught liiioiho "young bloods' " of our owri police foroo to regnrd tho - public as an enomy, and to provo thoir offlclonoy.hy tho numbor of their arrests. The ' argument ' of tho lookup Is not. brought into fmmcdlato oporation, but they strivo.by gentle urging to save the baokslldor from slipping :d«psriolo d.> 3»t Jest tote the spirit oft izeeerrtpHer which dir6Ks£-ff?B»tab!e when he rees an intoxicated Euan approaching" a public j bouse in qoert of "another jlai " to ; intercept the mtrealded iodividctl, ana setk by moral precept to turn fcisn from j his evil intent-ion. Of ctmrss if he bliodJy refuses to listen to reason a more potent means of prevention may bo found cceei-rary. Or if an inebriate be seen within a public bouse it may become ibe duty of a zsziocs constable io give the publican warning of his condition. Is not this a more gentle and courteous policy than locking up the drunken man and sum moning the publican for a hrtath of the lictn ing regulations Apropo? of FrefesBshKerEot'i recent apslopia for the gentle bikiit — the genial engineering ! expert opinei that in nine cases oat of ten where a cycliii collides with a pedestrian the former get? all the worst of the dea1, besides having I hb machine rerionsly damaged — I have received | the following plaint from a wheelman, who, j like the professor, it a mild- mannered man, and I wholly averse to running down even fbe most aggravating foot pa-renger if be can possibly help it. He sayi : — " I should like to know what is the proper fnDCtion of the bell on my bicycle! If I see a pedertrian tome few yards ahead, wbo is likely to be in my way, and ring my bell io tbow him I am there, to that he may not fru>trate my well-meant intention of avoiding hirn, the cbancej are that he will ask whether he hasn't as good a right to be there at I, or inquire if I want to have tbewbole road to myself. The next time I decide to wait tilll em close up to him before ringing ; and at the first sound of my bell ho jumps nearly cnt of bis skin in terror) aud in an instant be and I and the 'delicate piece of mechanism' I teitride are mixed np in inextricable confusion, and the Queen's highway resounds with unprintable expletives. So I finally decide that in future my bell shall remain silent, and that I will steer clear of him by my own unaided exer tions. J.isi a? I have successfully ac-compliebej this not difficult feat, and am wondering why I didn't think of such an obvious plan before, I am bailed up by Policeman X, who politely inquires my name and a Id r ess, and draw? my attention to the by-law which compels me io ring or whistle when crossing a street. Nowf what is a poor cyclist to do !" Admitting my correspondent's difficulty, and assuming that his own genera! behavior when riding in crowded thoroughfares 's quite above reproof, I must say, a? a pedestrian, that a large number of "picor cyclists" ought to do exactly aud preci:e'y the opposite of what they usually do. I can't pat it any plainer. Tire difference betwesn "Dr. "Ah Sin aud Ah Sin, "Chinese Doctor," to the ordinary miud seems of the same character as tweedle dum and Iweedledee. In the eyes of 'the1 law, however, there is a great distinction". ' A Mon- goiieu in Victoria may not R-siiine the.pi-i.-fix " Dr. " before bis name, but bo is fully entitled to call himself " Chinese Doctor ''sftef it,. If he is to any extent qualified in his own oountry, why does be not ubo the native hame-for medical practitioner? I once mot a Moslem in tbo back blocks, wbo travelled in eye lotion and called himself the "great Indian Hakim." He was quite within his rights. If yon go to a Hakim you are dubious what to expect But the ordinary unscientific person, male or female, and especially female, imagines that the titlo "Dr.," even with the prefix "Chinese," carries with it a surety of healiog power. These " Chinese doctors " are a nuisance in Melbourne. They do not practice amongst their own countrymen, who know too much, but tako houses in promi ncnt thoroughfares, sport the orthodox red lamp and brass pdates with hours of consultation set forth. Their patients arc principally females, young and old, whom the Chinamon hnmbug and deceive by giving harmless pills of bread and soap. That is tho only thing to ho said in favor of these quacks. Tbey never administer deleterious drugs. Notwithstanding all the descriptive journalism we have had from Coolgardle and the road thereto, the majority of us are Ignorant of the nature of the "soaks " which for many months in tire year supply travellers with water, Tlivre are tire name features peculiar to every "soak," but that whioh I iiavo in my mind's eye is thus described by a young friend camped near it : — " This ' soak ' is a mighty mound of rook about 40 Rcres in extent and 70 or 80 fest high. It is just like the rockH you see on the sea shore, and the surrounding oountry looks as if the sea had just reoeded from it and sorub and eucalypti had oprung up. "Water drains from the rocks and is collected by ohanncht into a dam, which at the present time has 10 feet of water in It." To buy a thing at 2d. and sell it at Is. makes you in time a merolinnt prince, and yon die worth millions and in the odor of sanctity. A professional man— one who livos by his brains alone— never accumulates muoli wealth. But he who lives by tlio brains and labor of others is hound in timo lb get riob. cven if he trades with tho utmost honest-, which lew do. Tb's week I had an instance brought before me of bow sellers make monsy. During the boom timo a friend of mine gave to another friend a gold mounted riding whip. He was charged for ono ounce of gold so used £4 3s. 4d., besides the cost of making, -dee. Friend No. 2 had a quarrel with and struck the donor off his visiting list, returning the whip. Friend Number 1 sont tlio gold head to nn arsayor above roproaob, with the remit lhatfl 16s. 2il. was returned to him ns tlio value of the gold ! And so our traders make money. A well-known anotfoneer and eattlo salesman of this ojty rnado a mistake tho other day that brought momentary consternation to two most worthy ladies. From one. lady ho rcceivpd a letter of inquiry as to the' olioraotor and capabilities of a nurso formerly in his employ. (Tho gentleman is a widowor.) From the olhor daino ho filed a re- quort that ho would sooure for her the nice quipt cow lie was advertising. - Ho lmd lmd already sorao correspondouco on tiro cow quo. -r- -. v?« ims ibis is rhe answer she sot io her 3 art 1 yen irjll find ler nuab!e. She if and focd of children, but onfortsziaiciy ber Ea(lih is iwd, aad ite is bat an indifferent band at ehHertn's drees maVing.15 To. the eEionished inquirer eocoerning the nnrse, be wrote" as folloirs : — "Dear >Iadaai — Be yoar Uiter of tbe 2Q:h i est. I am Fare yoa will be plcassd with roar bargain. She ;s pare Verier, and has fcai a reeoad calf. "While I had her in say s'ocbyard I bad a good opportunity ©f judging her propenrities, which are rery satisfactory. It ironld be well, though, never to forego the leg rope. 5'oral : Address ?£al yoar letters one by cne as yoa finish ibem. _ """ American theatrical managers are tfce smartest in tbe world. Hr. Eeary Abbey, the rery greatest of tbem, was here with Madame Bernhardt and a:hieed tbe greatest dramatic success erer known in Australia. Trilby is tflth us now, under the charge of Mr. Palmer's re presentative. These gentlemen a:c aristosiais in tbeir Jine of bornes?. Bat there are managers and managers. The man in America who rung a company, or two or three ccmoaoies, a ways "on. tour," rery often finds himself in diffi- culrier. He is not then too srrupnlous as to how be gets oot of a tight fir. "The ghost does not walk " regularly. Then, perchance comes a good week and everyone is paid np and all goes swimmingly till the next rererse. The Lullaby Borleique Company is now on tour in California. The manager, a witty and generally impeconiocs gentleman, lire in Xew York. Bosiaess was bad, the members of the company had not been paid for three or four weeks. A strike occurred, and ths ngent wired to bis principal, "Coznpiny refuses to proceed antes you giro them some thing." A prompt reply came through the wires, "Give the company my kind regards. " The process of interviewing, especially the Heeling celebrities of theatrical life, is carried to ridiculous excess. Io the majority of in stances the interview is an advertisement, and is paid for as such. What interest can there be to the public in the personal likes and dislikes of the "charming young actress" who prattles of her poodle and is incidentally able to express a flattering opinion of Shak- speare or some more modern dramatist ? Every girl wbo has gone upon the stage has had preoocious longings which she has fondly inter preted as indications of genius, bat wero she wi.-e she would keep them hid in the innermost recesses of her soul until at any r&to; she bad given proof that they were not the Idle stuff that dreams are made of. People are getting rather sick of tbe gabble of Gaiety Girls and the infantile murmuring of immature burlesque goddesee. ATTICUS. 