. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Legislative Assembly met yester day afternoon at 4.30 p.m. NO LIABILITY MINING COMPAN IES BILL. This bill was read the third time and forwarded to the Legislative Council with the usual message. CUDGEGONG CATTLE SALEYARDS. Mr. R. JONES moved — "That leave be given to bring in a bill to authorise the Council of the Borough of Cudgegong to purchase land within the said .borough, and 'to erect and maintain cattle saloyards thereon, and for c tiler purposes in connection therewith." . The motion was agrded to. BILLS RETURNED. ' Mr. SPEAKER announced the re ceipt of the Newcastle Friendly Socie ties and Trades Hall Act Amendment Bill, the Treasury Buildings Additions Bill, ' and Municipalities Amendment Act Amendment Bill from the Legisla tive Council. GUNDAGAI BRIDGE. Mr. CHANTER moved the adjourn ment to call attention to the action of the Government In connection with the contract for the Gundagai Bridge. He said the action taken by the Govern ment in this matter was detrimental to the Interests of the colony.' The com plaint was a very gTave and serious one. When an lion, member asked a question he should be answered truth fully, but he was sorry to say that the answer given by the Premier to his questions with regard to' this matter were absolutely untrue. The Premier stated that tenders for this work were not invited outside the colony, but he had documentary evidence to prove that that was untrue. Tenders were advertised for in Melbourne, and the lowest tender received was from Messrs. Mackenzie and Sons, a Mel bourne firm. It was recommended by the Tender Board, but for somo reason the next lowest tender was accepted. He introduced a member of the firm, Mr. Mackenzie, to the Minister for Works, and he was sorry to say that di rectly they got into the Minister's room the Minister absolutely insulted the gentleman, and almost went so far as to order him out of the room. He In troduced him afterwards to the Pre mier, and Mr. Reid told him that the reason his tender was not accepted was because he was a Victorian. The gentleman In question, he might state, was going to employ all New South Wales labour, and get all his material in the colony. The Victorian papers had complained bitterly of the action of the Government as a bar to federa tion. The contract was £12,000 odd, and the difference between the two ten ders was not more than £80. He con sidered the action of the Government would be condemned by every right thinking person in the community. Mr. FERGUSON contended that as there were only £70 or £80 between the two tenderers the Minister was justi fied in giving it to a contractor who be longed to the colony. There was no principle involved in the matter, and the Minister had only done what other Ministers had done and would do .again. Mr. YOUNG said the answers he gave to the hon. member's questions were correct. At the time he stated that tenders were not advertised for in other colonies he simply gave tho in- formation which was supplied to liim by the Government Printer, and which he thought at the time correct. Ho did not send the specifications and plans over to Victoria until they were asked for by a particular firm. Ito denied that he insulted Mr. Mackenzie In any way. He treated liim with every courtesy In the matter, but he declined to give him an ) audience when he was told that the matter had .been decided and Mr. Mackenzie mumbled something to the effect that he would bring someone with him who would compel him to grant an interview. With regard to the recommendations by the Tender Board he contended that as a Minister he was free to act on his own responsi bility, and could refuse or accept a re commendation by the Tender Board. He was very little concerned with what the hon. member had stated with re gard to the bar to federation, for after all there was nothing in the matter. He believed the House was with him in this matter, and he contended that he had answered the questions truth fully. Mr. LYN.U contended that the Minis ter had not answered the questions at all. The tender of the firm in question was not received because it was from a Victorian firm. He complained of tho free-trade Government trying to sneak in a protectionist principle in the way they had done in this matter. The Min ister said this gentleman -had carried out a tender unsatisfactorily at Wol- iongong, and he would not have been given a contract for a 'wheelbarrow. 1-Ie was told that he had not had a con tract In New South Wales, and it was highly improper to make a charge against a man unless it could be proved. Mr. ARCHIBALD CAMPBELL: It can be easily proved. It appears to be a case of identity. Mr. LYNE said he would scarcely like to say what depths the morning pa pers would have gone to. If jie had acted like the Minister after the tender was recommended by. the b.oard. Mr. YOUNG: There is the "Star." Mr. LYNE said he had been told by Mr. Chanter that the tender went be fore the Cabinet. Mr. GARRARD: That is not true. Mr. CHANTER, said the Premier told him in the presence of Mr. Mackenzie. Mr. Garrard should withdraw his re mark that he had stated what was not true. Mr. GARRARD: It is .the Premier's word against Mr. Chanter. You can take "the change out of that. Mr. LYNE hoped members would not change like Mr. Garrard, who should withdraw what he said after Mr. Chan ter's denial. He would prefer to give the work to this colony, but it appeared the action of the Government caused nearly all the material for tho bridge to be obtained outside the colony, the woodwork coming from America and the iron from Victoria. Mr. NELSON said the principle In volved in this matter was very detri mental to this colony's contractors, who said that if the New South Wales Government would not accept a Victo rian tender then the Victorian and Queensland Governments would not give a contract to New South Wales. It was a fair argument. It was out of place for the Minister to say he would not accept the tender because it was a Victorian's. He sincerely trusted that as this, was the first event it would be the last. Mr. PERRY said the Minister was acting on the views of the Opposition, viz., that all work be kept in the colony. He thought the Minister by his action was doing good work in the interests of. the colony. Mr. Mackenzie had made arrangements to get all the iron work done at Lithgow, and It was a pity that .his tender was not accepted. If he had .arranged to have the work done in the colony the tender should have been given to him. Mr. ROSE said the Minister had ac cepted the tender of a Victorian who was not known, and when the tender was 24 hours late, and yet the Victo rian tender in this matter was re fused. There was another member he- sides Mr. Chanter who brought pres sure to bear on the Minister. Mr. YOUNG: I deny it. Mr. ROSE; asked what was the dif ference between interviewing and in fluencing. Let them understand what was' the dividing line between free- trade and protection from a Ministe rial point of view. . After violating the canons of free-trade the Government should be afraid lest the ghost of Cob- den haunted them. . If only a £5 note more were demanded for a locally- made article the free-traders would set up a howl that the country was being taxed for the sake of the manufactur ing monopolist. The Government had in this matter gone back on their own policy. Mr. Ferguson, the funny man, had been set up to: defend the Minis try. He was not airraid to tell the la bour members that: this had been done as a sop to the tail, of the free-trade party: — the labour party. Mr. M'LAUGHLIN said that it was a question of their public character and reputation. Were they prepared to ttach to their Government tenders the -tlfication, "No Victorians need ap ply?" What had epeurred was a slan der on the public life of New South .Wales. It was 'an anti-federal action, and showed that in reality the Govern ment were opposed to federation which they pretended to support. The trans action which had occurred was more than dishonest. The tender in question had been advertised in Victoria, and because a Y'ctor'an contractor secured it influence was brought to bear to make the Minister for Works change his mind. Were Victorians to be told that they were, a class .of persons with whom they should have no association? It was an ungrateful and cold-blooded action to the prejudice of a respectable firm of contractors. , It was admitted that no objection be urged against the firm on account of their former contract, so that tho best thing they could do in future would be to in sert a provision in their contracts that no Victorians, South Australians, Queenslanders or New Zealanders need apply. They should declare to the world . that they were only pretending to be free-traders. The Victorian firm should be recouped for the expense they had gone to in this matter. He consid ered a great wrong had been done, and that the Government should now do what they could to right that wrong. Mr. CHANTER having replied brief ly the motion for adjournment was ne gatived, COAL MINES REGULATION BILL. The SPEAKER reported the receipt of this bill from the Council, with a message that the Council had agreed to the Assembly's amendment in the bill. (Cheers.) MINING LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. Tho House then went into committee to consider the Legislative Council's amendments in this bill. The Council's amendments in clause 2 lines 13, 14, and 18 were agreed to. Mr. S. SMITH moved to agree with the amendment after the words "An au thority to enter may be granted," in serting the words "subject to the payment to the owner quarterly in ad vance of rent at the rate of £1 per acre per annum from the date of occupation by the holder of such authority." Un less they were willing to compromise there was a great danger of getting nothing at all. Mr. WOOD opposed the Minister's proposal. Mr. WATSON would insist on their disagreeing with the Council's amend ment. Mr. COPELAND thought they should reject the amendment, " area not to ex ceed 26 acres," and leave the area as' provided In section 26 of the Act.. Mr. S. SMITH believed the clause was better before the amendment was made, but they had to take what they could get. In ordinary cases he thought 20 acres was sufficient. It was only with a view of getting the bill he would accept the amendment. The amendment was disagreed with. Mr. ASHTON moved an amendment that the rent be 10s instead of 20s. The amendment was withdrawn. Mr. WATSON then proposed to omit the word "subject" with the view of testing whether tho amendment of the Council should be accepted or not. Mr. MOORE thought the best plan would be to reject the Council's amend ment and modify the other part of the clause. Mr> COPELAND considered the matter was a very serious one as thoy would have to employ one man to five acres. He considered also that it was a monstrous injustice to allow one man to go on another's land and work with out paying an equivalent for it. They had no right to deprive a man of his land without giving him compensation for the damage done to the land. Ho considered that no man should be dis possessed of his property. Ho conten ded also that it was better that every miner should pay alike, and that he should not be subject to the caprices of any warden. Ho hoped the committee would not reject the amendments of the Council without due consideration. Mr. TRAVERS JONES considered that it was a great eonsideraton to allow a prospector to go on' private land to work. He was thoroughly opposed to this' Mining on Private Property Bill altogether, and he was opposed to the amendments made by the Upper Cham ber. Mr. GORMLY said It was difficult to defend the contention of fixing the rents for all lands at £1 an acre. In some cases that rent was too much. Thoy would be justified in accepting the Council's amendment, if it wa3 a fair one. The Minister did not favour it, as he said he only proposed to agree to It as a compromise. , Mr. MACKAY said from his experi ence he knew the legitimate ,prospecto» did infinitesimal damage in the scar ing of stock. Landowners would bene fit by their properties being prospected. He was desirous of getting- the bill. There had been a good deal of talk.about compromise. If they cringed less to the other Chamber the Council would re spect them more." (Hear, hear). Mr. HURLEY said he knew that £1 was too much rent to pay for the per sons who should benefit by the bill. They would never get a mining bill which would benefit the class they In tended to assist until the Government resumed the auriferous portions of the colony. - He would vote against the Council's amendment. Mr. PRICE preferred the bill as It was originally. The amendment was accepted on divi sion by 45 to 31. Other minor amendments in the clause were disagreed with. Mr. SYDNEY SMITH moved to agree to the omission of the subsection giving power to a miner to erect a residence on the land he held. He believed the au thority would give the right the miners wanted. After debate the committee decided by 24 to 20 to disagree with the clause. , The amendments in clause 3 were ac cepted. Amendments in clauses 6, 8, 9 and 11 were disagreed to. New clause 10 was agreed to. The bill was reported. MUNICIPAL LOANS BILL. Mr. BRUNKER, moving the second reading of the Municipal Loans Valida tion' Bill, said It was a formal measure to overcome legal difficulties in securing renewal of loans. The motion was agreed to, and the bill reported without amendment. The third reading was made an. order for the following .day, ADJOURNMENT. On the motion for adjournment, Mr. WILLIS asked when the Rabbit Bill would be brought on. Mr, REID said it would not come on during the next fortnight. The House rose at 10 past 1. 