The Great Boat . Race. Stanbury v. Harding Further Particulars. Tro: sporting papers by last night s mail givo full details of tho raco be tween Stanbury and Harding on July 18. Tho London Sportsman says : — " Many anothor athloto would have broken down under tho great strain and tremendously bard work which tho was not in fit condition whon ho mot Harding, yet ho rowed with giant strength, and it was perfectly clear before tho two had been rowing ono minuto that Harding was beaten. Tho Englishman rowed up to his past form, but what upset calculations was that Stanbury was over so much faster than English peoplo gavo liim credit for. Tho Sporthui Life says that there was no resemblance of a raco from start to finish. Stanbury's record " proves that ho is a champion among champions." Tho Spnrtsmnii says that Harding was thoroughly out classed. " Enormous strength, great skill, and iron will are thrco of tho attributes of Stanbury, who mnst bo somothing more than human to liava dono what ho did yesterday." Tho London Erenituj .Yeas says that Stan bury could havo won by a-quartor of a milo just as easily ns by six lengths. " If, as his frionds averred before tho race, Stanbury was not within longths of his form, ' then ' (says tho Simrtt- utaii), j,' in tho zenith of his famo ho must have been a marvel.' Stan bury knockodlSseo off tho record whieh Barry established from Putney to Hainmorsmith. As a matter of faot, Harding novcr onco looked dangerous, and had Stanbury beon pushed ho could, on tho fast Hood, havo easily os- tablishod a record for tho whole dis tance. Stanbury was tho nominal favorite, but for monoy Harding was really iu bettor demand. Harding won tho toss, and chose tho Surrey 'sido of tho river. "It was a' splendid start. Stanbury pulled 18 in tho opening half-ininuto to Harding's 17. Every timo Stan bury dipped his sculls ho drew away from his opponent at a rate that could hardly be credited except by thoso who saw it. " At his twonty-socond stroko Stan bury had accomplished tho extraordin ary feat of putting daylight botwoon tho boats. Harding sueceedod in overlapping Stanbury again before Alexanders was reached, hut Stan bury, in a fow strokes, drew away again. At tho Thames Rowing Club sheds Stanbury orossed over to tho Surrey sido, and gavo his opponent tho benefit of his wash. Harding rowed a plucky raco to tho finish, hut never had a ghost of a chanco. Stanbury won, easing up, by six lengths. Tho winner's timo was 21min, Slsoc., tho losor's 22min. 5soc. Amongst thoso who witnessed tho raco from ono or other of tho accom panying stoamors woro Sir William Windoyor, Mr. Jack Bealo, Joo Thompson, and Mr. S. E. Loos, M.L.C. The hotting at tho start was 11 to 10 on Stanbury, but oro tho competitors had gono a quarter of a milo no ono would accopt tons against Harding, and an offor of 100 to 5 on Stanbury, made as tho scullers ap proached Hammorsmith Bridge, mot with no rosponso. 