BAY RONALD, Or, When George the Third was Zing. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MAY CROMMELIN; AUTHOR OF "DEAD MEN'S DOLLARS," "GOBLIN GOLD," "A JEWEL OP A . GIRL;"' AND JOINT AUTHOR OF "VIOLET VYVIAN, M.F.H.," &o.-; - CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued;) Amos Bird's cottage seemed dis ordered when they entered the kitchen. The patriarch himself peered out of the bedroom behind, half dressed, with bleary eyes. To Dick's curt and cut- tine explanations of his visit Amos vouchsafed no direct answer bnt only wagged his head slowly, grumbling that his boy had got the axoy(ague)'; got it sure eaough, and no wonder. Oh, these were desperate times. In the old days when Mrs. Saxby and handsome Hasledene, her husband, were at Rookhurst it was not ' so', hard for folk to get an honest living. Dick pitied the oici iainuy iciuiuci wuuau wu should have been the stay of his old age. . .As to Ebenezer he stumbled into the bedroom followed by Amos, who muttered- that he would give him a writing (Anglioe). charm. Dick's attention turned to a slip of a young girl who was whim pering in a corner with an apron thrown' over her head. This was Pat tv Bird,. Ebenezcr's motherless ' only child.;'" To 'Di'dlt's attempts at cheering and promises that his mother- or Miss Butler should bring medicine; and nourishing food for her father she only gurgled - ip reply, " The kitchen floor. It was ' clean scrubbed last night. Look at. it now — like a pig stye . .... oh, they men !" -Truly the brick flooring was plas tered with mud, which set Dick a- thinking more than ever and he softly whistled to himself. Patty plainly however had no ihare in the evil deeds of her relatives. So Dick cheered her "about her kitchen, which was generally kept spotlessly clean, and about her gay-ground too, or gar den strip in front, where the borders were ruthlessly trampled. Patty was a pretty girl, with some gipsy blood, it was said, in her veins, a rumour borne out by her dark eyes and mass of silky, tangled black hair. She looked so pretty when, recover ing from her grief, she peered out from under her apron that Dick had half a mind to give her a kiss. Only half a mind — for he remembered those precious ones given by .Lucy last night, and the contrast was too great. Xilkowise just tnen Amos Bnamoiea hack. His eyes, still keen in spite of age, noticed the burn on Dick's hand. D" I could cure that," he muttered, " if you like, But you won't say a word, Master Dick, eh ? You won't talk 1" ' Dick, who remembered well a wart being charmed from his hand in boy hood by Amos, who with: occult rites \- had impaled a slug on a rose thorn to wither away, expressed his willingness to be healed. Amos fumbled in the recesses of a cupboard and brought out a mys terious little bag with injunctions that Dick was to wear it lied round his neck till it dropped oiF, and not to let it bo seen. The old man was so troubled about the discovery of his boy's malpractices, and his own suspected intercourse with the smugglers, that ho quite forgot to add the usual formula thnt Dick must on no account look inside the bag, which, Dick promptly proceeded to scrutinise on his homeward way. He found the cilurin consisted of a triangular .piece of paper, on which was scrawled in faded ink, apparently by a rusty pen, the following lines Two angels from the North, ' One brought firp, one brought frost. Out fire, in frost, In the name of the Father, the Son, and tlio Holy Ghost. That afternoon Dick, with his hand j properly bound up by his mother, and j wearing his second best coat with a j jaunty air, passed out by tho front door and across the hamlet green. So.megoocl-lboking nags standing by the iforge opposite attracted his attention', and coming nearer he perceived they belonged to Captain Ratcliffe's stable, who himself was superintending their shoeing. Dick, of course, stopped for a chat, though feeling slightly dis concerted. " I was just on my way to your house to pay my respects after last right's party, and ask after Miss Lucy." To himself the words sounded halting, also " Miss " had been put in hesitatingly, with playful awkward ness, before Lucy's name. Formerly, of course, he had said Lucy plump and plain, but now things were al tered. "Very glad to see yon, my dear boy. If you will wait with me here we can stroll back together." Ratcliffe was as amiable as usual, his tone as friendly, almost father ly. So Dick waited of necessity, although burning with impatience. However, as it was his nature to be always occupied with the matter in hand, he was soon engrossed in watching the - shoeing of | a rather fractious young horse, so he never noticed that Rat cliffe, tearing a leaf out of his pooket- book, wrote a few words in French with a pencil and despatched one of his mon homeward with the message. " I never saw such a man as you are, Captain, for always seeing to your horses being shod, remarked Dick. " 1 For want of a nail the shoo was lost," " quoted Ratcliffe, oracularly. "And what a stable full of cattle you have, too. How do you keep them always exercised 1" "My friends sometimes give me a helping hand," was the somewhat ironical reply, and Dick, who often got a mount, was silenced. "By the way, have you heard of our mishap, my boy ?" went on Rat cliffe with a serious air. "Jim Leo, my stud groom, fell and broke his leg last night. Compound fracture, poor fellow. '' "How was that?' I saw him all right at dinner time, when we walked up to the house," "Quite so. He went up a ladder to the hay-loft it seems, and half-way up it slipped and fell. I am truly concerned about him. So, you see, I have to do his work myself and keep an eye also on my lazy fellows." I Presently, as they two walked along the lane, they were overtaken by Squire Falconer riding back from the kennels. He was bursting with news, whioh he pulled up to toll them, .Is" seemed that tho night before there had been a daring attempt of smugglers to land a consider able cargo on the coast. Some rumours of their intention had leaked out, but the coast-guardsmen assembled at tho wrong spot. However, finding their mistake, they followed the gang inland, and a desperate fight then followed, in whicii all of the smugglers had got ofi; some of their number were supposed, 1 however, to have been badly wounded,, "This is serious news," said Rat- clifi'e, knitting his brows. " And the fellows got clean away, you say. Where can they have gone to?" It was on Dick's lips to say, "Not far from here," but he checked himself. Although he had made no promises to . old Amos or his son', yet he felt towards them as a dispossessed feudal baron might for tho few vassals who re mained loyal to him in secret. It was impossible to betray them. So he listened, feeling somewhat ashamed,' while Ratcliffe and Falconer gravely discussed the matter. When they arrived ' at' ' Ratcliffe's house, to Dick's chagrin Mits Jennings was not at liome. She had put on her, hat and tippet only ten minutes be fore and. gono out for a walk, said the maid. Ratcliffe was full ' of re grets, and tried to persuade Diok to wait and have a turn witit the foils. But the latter managed to excuse himself, and got away to indulge his disappointment free from observa tion. - Whenever he was vexed Dick had unconsciously acquired tho' habit of turning his steps to the Rectory. Thither he now went, and though the Rector was not visible, being occupied with his sermon,. Miss Anne, who was as good, if not better, : when consola tion was needed, was in- the 'drawing- room.' And, oh', joy and surprise I who should be -visiting 'tli ore but Lucy herself, looking, more charming than ever in a wide-feathered hat of the newest London mode, .with a fur . tip pet and large muff. Dick explained how he had been to pny his respects to her, and had. then come on to inquire after Anne. " So have said Lucy, sweetly. "Uncle Pierce was afraid dear Dr. Butler might have taken cold walking home last night, so he sent me. just now to ask after him. But have you both heard' my news ?" She had kept her pretty eyes downcast after Dick's entrance, and now raised them to both her hearers with an appealing look, half laughing, half piteous, that made Dick secretly long to take her in liis arms. " I am to go back to school 1" " Oh, not to an ordinary school," she went on, sweetly taking, up her uncle's defence in answer to the. tor rent of surprised, almost indignant, exclamations from her auditors. "Yes, of course, 'we all thought, I as .well as you both, that. I bad come home for good.. But dear uncle talked quite seriously to me about it thii morning. It will only be for a few months, he says. I am to stay in Lon- . don end be more practised in accom plishments, in singing,. and dancing, and the piano. He praised your playing, dear Anne, so much, it gave him a sudden wish that I should try ; and equal it. Not that I ever can do so," and Lucy nestled her hand within Anne's arm, and kissed her friend's cheek .affectionately. " Then Lizzie Pollock sang so well at supper, and he seemed in doubt whether I had curtseyed last night in the new- fashion." " He never looked at you," growled Dick, who felt perplexed . and sus picious in spite of Rat's late friendli ness, which seemed undeniable. "He only means it for my good. You cannon think how truly kind he is to me," ended Lucy, deprecatingly, with a sweet humility of tone as re garded herself, and affectionate warmth in speaking of her undo, Presently bIiq tripped away, saying that Captain Ratclifl'e would be sure to need her, so she must nut delay. Dick would have gladly accompanied her back, but as he had' only been i there for five minutes, for shame's sake' he could not leave. Then Anne began praising Lucy's sweet disposition, her charming fea tures and engaging ways. Which theme was so suited to Dick's present frame of mind that ho sat on becom ing vastly, soothed, though he only uttered interjectional monosyllabic assents to Anne's expressions of girl ish enthusiasm. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Dick only listened one moment, tlicn catching Lucy round the waist lie plunged behind a thicket of snowborries. Tliey both stood and listened with thumping hearts. " Great Heavens 1". lie whispered, " who do you think they aro ? They are not after ub, don't bo afraid ; -I believe these fellows are smugglers." ' 