Jtems of Jnterest, [ Rapid growth of the finger nails is con sidered to indicate good health. Sixteen ounces of gold are -'sufficient to gild a wire that would encircle the earth. Tus year 1893 began on a Sunday, and it will finish on a Sunday, so that . it will con tain fifty-three Sundays. Rice paper is not made from rice or rico si raw, but from a pithy plant called tung tsua, found in China, Coroa, and Japan. Ormonde, tho unbeaten, is off again on his travols. This time his destination is California : last timo it was Buonos Ayres. It is said that there is room enough for only about ono hundred moro of England's great men lo bo laid at rest in Westminster Abboy. Siam'h oxports last year included no less than six and a half tons of birds, sent to Hong Kong to mako the celebrated OhineEo soup. The world, or tha peoplo in it, consume upwards of 3,000,000,000 poqnds of paper yearly, which is supplied by 4,600 paper mills. , The credit for inventing the process of transmitting pictures to a distance must be given to Bidwell, who invented a method in 1881. i It has been decided to bold a University Exhibition at Rome in 1895, tho 2fith anniversary of the entry of the Italian troops intoRome. Tub highest chimneys in the world are two in Glasgow, as being 468 feet high ? and tho other 455 feet, while one near Cologne comes next with a height of 441 feet. ?- ;TnE following appears in a small provin cial paper : ' Tho bridegroom's present to t)ie bride was a liandsomo diamond brooch, besides many other benutiful things in cut glass.' j The Kaiser has a telephone, nnd uses it. When ho rings up tho central office himself nil persons who are in the room must retiro except the poison attending the telephone and a secretary. Japan has a now toy in the crusier Yoshima, latoly launched on tho Tynp. Sho is 350 fcot'lnng, and in hor trial steamed more than twenty-three knots with and against tido. It is estimated that in India, counting ull l'rotestant missionaries, there iB about ono to overy 500,000 people. ? The entire revenuo of all the Protestant missions of the world is computed at £2,450,000. Tup. businesss of importing pine-apples must bo a very profitable ono. The official organ of Kew (lardoiis — the 'Kew Bul letin ' — says that tho price of pine-apples at; Sierra Leono varies from'id. to ljd. each. ? ? [: j Shantun-, tlm Chinese provinco, is the' scene of a terrible famine. Children are sold for two dollars each by their parents; Thousands fall by tho wayside of exhaustion. The survivors hack flesh off tho bodies oi this dead and devour it liko famished wolves.; jf „ Those who aro concerned ? in 'men's fashions will be interested to know. that tho German Emperor wears: two bracelets. One is a watoh bracelet,- and tho other a gold chain bracelet. ; Both are worn on tho left band. ' The superstitions of tho Italians nre well known. Mascagni carries about with him a whole host of amulets of ivory, coral, and other materials, including a special collec tion of unroastei clieBtnuts warranted to turn off the ovil eye. In 1886, in consequence of the depression; of trade, the number of marriages in threo months was 6,700 less than in the corres ponding quarters of two proyious years, and only a very few more than the number of persons who married in the hard war winter of 1855. Aobioultdrai, returns show that in England farmers will have an excellent second cut of grass, so that the supply of bay will not be so scanty aB was feared, while the potato crop is reported to be one of the befit ever known. The yield of turnips also beats tbe record. Probably very few persona know that the Lord Mayor is the only person— other than tho Queen and the' Constablo — who knows tho password to tho Tower of Lon don. This password is sent to the Mansion House quarterly, signed by Her Majesty. It is a survivul of an old custom. A lady has just descended the Rocky Mountains on a bicycle ; while another, an English girl, who enjoys the distinction of being one of the best-known cyclists in this country, has accomplished the task of travelling alono on her ' machine' no less than one hundred miles in seven hours. 'A'surprisino suggestion is made for the' employment of the blind. : Several females are engaged in the West-end of London as massage operators, and it is claimed for these blind women that their delicate sense of touch, and light arid deft movements make them superior to those , blessed with full sight. ? During the past week seven steamers lauded eattle and fresh meat at Liverpool from American and Canndian ports, bring ing a total of 1,883 cattle, 74 xheep, and 9,456 qunrters of beef, which, compared with tho urrivals of the, previous week, show a tlccrease ot 2,847 cattle and 2,854 quarters of beef. Students complain that frlendB often drop in to visit them and interfere with their praotico. The uoxt time visitors dis turb you in your work play a few scales to thom, and thoy won't stay very long or bother you soon ugain. If thoy bore you with thoir talk, you havo a right to bore them with yoar musio. Wiikn Buffalo Bill's Indians get through thoir . work in Chicago In the afternoon, they like nothing bettor than to repair to d merry-go-round near their camp, and rovolvo to tho music of a bad hand-organ. Tho pascar-by stops to see the show, for the bucks and squaw (Tare in their full panoply of featliors and paint. Most peoplo would got enough fun by riding horseback three or four hours every day without wanting to rido on woodon liorsos aftorwards; but thon, real horses have no hand-organ attach ments. The directors of tho World's Fair havo ordered paymont of a 10 per cent dividend on the bondod dobt of 4,500,000 dollars of tho subscribed cniiital of the . company on August 17th. Bonds to tbe vuluo of 2,250,000 dollars are held by tho banks, 1,000,000 by tho railway companies, and tlio balance by tho citizens of Chicago. Tub clovo troo ii found in nearly ovory ono of tbo WeBb Indian Isljtnds, and especi ally at Jamaica,, Trinidad, Grenada, St. Vincent, nnd-Dominica. Tlio largest num. I ber of trees is probably found in Grenada, j and in that ' spico island ' nutmegs, muoo, ' and cloves aro exported .'to thel value of about £10,000 to £12,000/ ; : i , , ,- ? Advertisements aro sometimes strangely ( worded. Not 80 long ago a provision dealer nt King's Cross notified that ho sold ' tlio best Is. buttor in Loudon.' Nobody can touch it.' ^Now we hear of un Italian warehouseman who .is advertising, 'No foroign goods sold,' tind of a linirdvetuur whoso windows contain tho announcement, ' Hniroutting nnd shaving while y6u wait. ' Mb. Jknson, the ownor of a largo orange plantatibri near Jnpitor, Florida, caught tho son of ' Little Tiger,' an Indian chief, committiug some depredations on his plan tation, and administered a severe whipping. The Indinn boy roturned to his wigwam, and now tho gladoB around Jensen's place swarm with warriors anxious to gota clianco to sottlo accounts with him. Tno Indians - in their villages are arming, and t.ho whites havecallcd upon Governor Mitchell for pro tection. The Midland Railway Company Imvo now announced (as will' be seen from our; ? advertising columns) their improved und - accelerated summer train tot- vices to tlio. North. Theirs is by far the most;benutiful and interesting of ull the North routes, uml tho visitor who travel by it will iiuve ample i reason to congratulate himself on his choice. Tho Western -Islands und tho Highland of ' Scotland, Edinburgh, Glasgow, nnd tho Forth Bridge are woll catered for, nnd the i North of Irelnn'd, via Stranraer and Lnrno, jtjg can bo reached' by two eervicos daily, : the . route goiiig . diroct through the ' land of jg0 Burns. The Midland is to bo congratu- . . $rj Iatcd on tho continued enterprise it' die- ' f, plays. ' . i; i An Italian prince, who. had a Cioilian (, cook, was onco travelling to his provincial i ?states, taking with bim hie cook, together | with his entire kitchen force, , without . - i which, so fond was lie of the dolicacics they wore wont to prepare, ho rarely, if over,' travelled. At a point whero the narrow path along the precipice turned the angle of a projecting rock, tho Prince, at the, . , licad of his long cavalcade, heard a shriek' and the splash of a body falling into the torrent far below. With a face white with horror lie pulled up, and looking round,-' ; exclaimed: 'The cook ! the cook I ; Oh, ' do tell me it is the cook 1' 'No, your i Excellency,' cried a voice from the rear, . f 'it is Don Prosdocemo.' The Prince' J heaved a sigh of relief, then said: 'Ah, only the chaplnin I Thnnk goodness 1' . i , The beautiful pink and .bronze pearls from Wisconsin nro becoming very scarco. ? Tho pearl-bearing Wisconsin streams have been practically fished out, as they have been out of almost all tho waters in America where pearls have been found in any con- ' siderablq numbers. European fishers open the shells with an instrument that does not- - , destroy the animal inside, and if no pearl : is found it is put back in the water. Tho . American pearl fisher desttoys. ruthlessly, . ' nnd in two or three years he has thrown v himself out of a job. There is hardly a state in the Union where pearls nre not or j- have not been fouBd, and one of the finest ' in the world was taken from the Pasaaio i . river at' Pnterson, N. J. This gem, valued ?: .- i at £500, was worn in tho orown of Empress -? Eugenie.' Several of tho Wisconsin pearls - - *. have been valued at £200 each. ?- . - i The interior . of the Chapel Royal, . . Hampton Court Palaoe, which dates from . : t' ' * Cardinal Wolsey's. building of tho Palace, . ^ was utterly ruined 'during the Vandalistio . : e dajraof the Gejjrgian period. It is now o plain, oblong, whitewashed building, with' ? ' v. no pretentions to decoraliuil wlmt-evur.-' 'In . — the gallery, nearly over tho pulpit, is the pew which used to be occupied by Honry -- ; VI1L of piouB memory; Ho had given orders for the arrest 'of his wifo of tho moment, who happened to be Catherine Howard;' This dono, he went into his pew in the Chapel to pray, and to invoke the ? blessing of Heaven on his good deeds. Catherine waS arrested in the long corridor which leads direct to tho Royal pew, nnd her shrieks as she tried to break away from r hor captors in order to plead in person to . ? her Royal blaokgunrd of a husband are said to have been hearkrendiug.1 This corridor-is one of . the parts of the Palace ? now closed to the public— you can only see , it by.peeripg through the big key-hole ; but it is said to bo haunted by the ghost of this same Catherine Howard, arid during servico in the Chapel wild shriekB are said to ring - out from that haunted corridor. ^ 