The Storyteller. SIR ROGER'S WARD. Continued from Wednesday's Um&.) , CHAPTER XII— (Continued.) The young man bent his head down to tbe sufferer's lips and listened calmly and unmoved to tbe low and rapid instruotionB they spoke, though it would have been difficult to determine the emotions they occasioned in his worldly heart. » And you will— you will do all thjs ?' were the concluding words of the faintiy-spoken final sentence. Martin hesitated. ?* I mnst think,' he said—' ' I must think^ere 1 give up so roaoh of time, and anxiety, and honour, to atone and hide another's sin.' i The sick man smiled with a sardonic bitter ness that could scarcely have been believed possible in one eo exhausted in vital energy. 'I did not expect you to do aught for me, Martin 1' he added, bitterly. ' I knew too well the nature I had helped to train, to dream of such self-sacrifice. Bat what I ask — I command —stands between yon and ruin ; on one side is Winifred Herbert and wealth ; on the other — ' He stopped, but his face and warning gesture supplied tbe alternative, and Martin's head involuntarily dropped as he met the gaze of tbe dying man, which seemed 'to have something prophetic in its oorpse-like aspect. ' Promise me, Martin — promise 1' came faintly from the ashy lips, and his bony fingers grasped his nephew's with a ghost-like clasp, that chilled the young man's blood. It sounded and felt like a voice and a touch from the other world to bis excited nerves; and it scarcely needed taeternoie tvutn taat naa neenimpressea on his brain to strengthen its weight and in-v fluenee on his decision. 'I will,' he said— 'I will! Be content, uncle — you shall be obeyed !' ' And you will shield my memory from dis grace,' gasped the dying man. ' Boy, if you fail in your promise, my spirit will not rest in its grave. I will haunt you till your dying day — remember that ; yes —yes, beware, boy— be- ware I' And his lips parted again, but without pro nouncing any articulate word, and only a faint, thrilling gargle escaped the .relaxed and power less throat. Had Martin been more experienced, or less engrossed with the terrible secret that had been just imparted to bim, he would have recognised that sound as the infallible harbinger of death. But the young man remainded as if spellbound, gaeieg as the ashen face and closed eyes, waiting for some fresh symptom of animation— some new horror to thrill and stuu his bewildered faculties ere the spirit should depart, and the lips be mute tor ever. How long he thus re mainded he knew not. The first thing that re called him to consciousness of surrouuding objects was a friendly touch on his shoulder, and the grave, kindly voice of the physician sounding in his ears. 1( My good fellow, it is evident that you never saw death before. Your uncle has passed away some time ! I am not surpised, for the heart was terribly alTected, and he lias been a complete livnnnlinnAriaA nf lotft_o mnrK'r in noprilmsa agonies of mind. But coiue, Mr. Martin, and I will send proper persons to attend to the deceased. I am glad that he went off so peacefully. It is not often that it is the case with his complaint. Certainly he has been a father to you, and you are right to feel as a son ; buC otherwise, it is a most happy release, I cannot but say.' And the worthy old man, who had known Martin from early childhood, drew him, with friendly violence, from the room, ere the neces sary rites were performed to the deceased. Martin walked from the death chamber as if he were in a dream ; and after a few mechanical interchanges of sentences with the doctor, he ' repaired to his own apartment, to endeavour to | collect and claim his scattered senses. The change was stunningly bewildering. He, the heir of the wealthy banker, the suitor ot his richly dowered ward, was suddenly hurled into an abyss of perplexity and alarm. His future prospects \dependod on his skill and fortune in playing out the tangled game bequeathed to him, and wipning Winifred as 1 his bride. Would it be possible? Could he acquire the knowledge and tact necessary for the success of the tortuous scheme ? and had he tfie least hope ot winning the pure, gentle yet determined Winifred, as the wife of one she distrusted and disliked? Martin thought, and thought, till his brain was weary and dizzy, but still he could but return to the same stem, yet vague resolve. 4' I will,' Jie murmured between his closed teeth — 'I will. If there is strength in will, or cunning in brain, it shall be done. I will not be a disgraced pauper for his crime ; he has be queathed me a heritage of unbounded difficulty and risk, and trouble, but I shall be found 1 equal to the 'casion,' as that old fool at Bellevue has it. Who can blame me, when I bave been brought into such a deuced mess, and no otber way of escape ? If I were milksop enough to hesitate, I should deserve to be fed on candle and bread and butter for the rest of my natural life. And as to failure— bah ?— it J is weakness to .even drearfbf what can only shat'c and paralyze the nerves. No — no ! I mil succeed, come what will— risk what 1 may.' Aud Martin roused himself, as if from a trance, aad ringing the bell, proceeded to give J directions for the necessary arrangements for j the dead. I CHAPTER XIII. U AHOLD, AT COLLEGE, STUDIES ** CHEEK' BOTH I!- KATGitE AND DOORS. 14 Irene, my dear, I have invited Lord Charles Marchmont and a friend of his, newly come up —a Mr. St. Aubyn — to dine with us. You taow it is very rarely that I allow any of the men to find entrance in our house ; but my old friend Powlarth has written so strongly on behalf of young St. Aubyn, and Lord Kingsford being an old college cnuin of my own, I really cannot hesitate in these two oases. You will be ready, iny love ; and— and you will do your best, Irene ? ' 'For what, papa?' asked the girl thus ad dressed by the dignifi- d Master of Trinity, look ing ufc from the pile of music she was arrang ing, with a half-proud, half-submissive air. ' What am I to do my best for?— to entertain these honoured young undergraduates, or in my toilette, or for the cuisine? I scarcely think there is much need for exertion in any of these respects.' The honoured head uf the distinguished college in question did actually hesitate, and, as nearly as could be possible with such dignified lips, stammered fti his reply. ' I — I really do not understand you, my'deai. I really do wish that your mother was living, Irene. You young ladies are so extraordinary and wayward in your ideas that no sensible man can meet you. However, in few words, I wish my table and daughter to do me credit, and to impress with due respect the young men whom you have truly said are ' honourea by an invitation to my board.' ' And Dr. Wentworth walked, or rather shuflled from the room, very much as if he felt lie had scarcely beat his retreat with ' all the honours.' ^ Irene remained for some minutes motionless in tbe position in which her father had left her ; and she could scarcely have chosen one more entirely adapted to the display of her splendid figure than that graceful altitude so uncon sciously taken up. She was a magnificent girl -one of that type t *n life called ?' woman' — was Irene Wentworth, The daughter of a beautiful Greek lady— whom the successful student bed wooed and won and early lost-Irene had inherited her mother's perfect classical features: her rich masses of black raven satin hair, her large deep, melting eyes ; but though she had the lauuless grace of the Greek, it was somewhat modified and dignified by the proud Norman spirit she inherited from her father's ancestors. Irene was pre-eminently English in her calm, stately self- possession of manner— her cold reserve where any obtrusive admiration was loroed on her eyes and ears ; but her beauty and hnr statue-like perfection of form aud movement was a heritage from those women who had furnished such models of beauty and grace to the imaginations and the hands of the sons of the Greek in anoient days. As ishe stood finishing her task, a proud, cold defiance flashed from her beautiful eyes. ' As if I should deign to think any unusual exertion neoessary for two of those detestable crowd who haunt my footsteps, and spoil my j every enjoyment I' she said dreamily. ' And , then they will have the right to lift their turfted : caps and bow, and attract the coxcomb envy of 1 i their fellows, and prate of the favour with which they are received here 1 It is provoking — un- bearable ; but still, I believe papa is right. If he must bring them to his house, £t least they sbaU find no fbod for sneers and criticism with their companions on the morrow. Yes, all ehall do him credit.' And Irene moved from the table where she was standing, and repaired herself to the house keeper's room— a most unwonted resort with her at that hour. Mrs Parker rose in mnte surprise to receive ! her young mistress, and stood with yet more profound wonder at the orders she received from her lips. It was seldom that the young lady interfered with Uhe respectable 'cook and housekeeper,' who had reigned in the establishment since Mrs. Wentworth's death ; but the precision and taste which characterised her orders when she did condescend to take the trouble to issue them proved that it was no lack of capacity that pre vented her assumption of authority. A small but most perfect dinner was quickly arranged, directions for the most recherche fruit and flowers to be obtained, and subjected to her own skilful fingers to combine in tasteful con trasts, were given ; and then Irene repaired to her own rooms to review her wardrobe, and de- j ( cidc on the evening costume at her leisure and I deliberation. | Not tbat the slightest personal desire for ad- 1 miration induced that prolonged debate between the respective merits of a rich black velvet robe— almost too matronly for her youth and maidenhood— and a pure white silk, with deep rose-coloured trimmings, which would suit admirably her black eyes and hair, and alabaster skin. But one glance at herself in the mirror, and reflection as ' to the guests who were that , evening expected, decided her in favour of the queenly velvet, that would give more even than her natural dignity to her form, and also prevent any suspicion of adorning herself for admiring eyes, Still, when Irene was dressed Bome time later — in that simply but costly robe, with no relief but soft falls of priceless lace and one pearl necklace, with a large locket containing her mother's hair — she could scarcely have looked more splendidly beautiful had she Btriven to win the dazzled homage of tbe guests she de spised. Dr. Wentworth presented them to her, with a lofty pride that might well be excused in the father of such a creature; and Lord Charles Marchmont did not scruple to hazard a glance of surprised admiration as he bowed to the fair young mistress. But Harold St. Aubyn scarcely seemed to heed the fair charms of the Master's daughter, and his bow was as grave and his manner as composedly indifferent as it it bad been the mother instead of the child who had presided over the household. Irene saw it at a glance; and, perhaps— such is the strange waywardness of the female heart — a slight emotion of pique shadowed her brow as she took the arm of her titled guest, who, by right, led her into the dining-room. The same feeling might, perhaps, stimulate the winning grace pnd fascination with which she met Lord Charles's vivacious efforts to please, while yet not one approach to the most harmless flirtation tarnished the dignity with which she did the honours of her father's table. And Harold— case-hardened as he believed himself by his love for Agatha Courtenay — gradually awakened to a sense of the uncommon power^ and attractions of the fair girl he had so carelessly disregarded. 44 Do you like Cambridge, Miss Wentworth ?' he said, after a rather stereotyped discussion between Irene and Lord Charles on the exhausted subjects of 44 Kinp's,' and the ?' Fitz william Museum.' 44 No,' she replied, briefly, 44 1 do not.' 44 And why' not?' asked Harold, half smiling. 44 1 should have thought it would have had many attractions for you, Miss Wentworth: architecture, music, antiquity, and an honoured name.'' And a slight bow to the Principal pointed gracefully his last words. Irene shook her bead. 4- You forget, or rather you do not know, that you are speaking to the descendant of a 4 Maid of Athens,'' said the girl. ' I spent too many of my early years in that land ot classic antiquity, and sculpture, and architecture, to get up much enthusiasm about a few colleges and a chapel.' Harcld laughed one of tlie frank, genuine laughs that win involuntary sympathy by their genial tone. 41 It is easy to see that you are not conven tional in your ideas, Miss Wentworth, and do not think it necessary to go into raptures because it is proper to be enchanted with hackneyed objects of admiration. I hope you are equally independent in your opinion of persons as you are of ' things.' ' . ' I am afraid I am most blameably self reliant,' she replied, with a more gracious smile than she had yet vouchsafed. (( I feel terribly antagonistic and rebellious when there is any question of admiration or preference. I must be sadly eccentricT, fpr I scarcely ever agree with tbe common cry of adulation ; and yet you know 4 what everyone says must be true.' ' 44 And are you as gracious to defend as you arc bold and independent to blame ?' a3ked Harold, in a low voice, seeing that his friend was listen ing with Jajidable patience to a learned critique on the last translation of Homer. | ,4 Guilty once more 1' she replied, with one of her rare smiles. ' Papa declares I am a com plete Mr. Adolphus in female attire : I am so contradictory in my defence of everyone who is aspersed and attacked unsparingly.' 44 Nymph, in thy orisons be all my sins re membered 1' said Harold, in an earnest tone tbat had little either of badinage or lightness in it. And Irene, after a quick, momentary glance at his clouded features, hastily rose to leave the dining-room. 44 You are not angry ? Believe me, my light words were in sober sadness spoken,' said the young man, as he sprang to open the door for her to pass. Irene did not reply ; but a gracious smile and inclination of the head, that might have passed either for an acknowledgment of the courtesy, or a token of amity, satisfied the young man that she jvas not, at any rate, implacably offended with him. It was strange. Irene herself could not j account for the phenomenon, but the girl caught ' herself wondering whether that handsome si ranger,, with his winning smile and thrilling tones and soft deference, could have enemies, or cause to fear slander. Yet there had been an impulsive, spontaneous troth in the few words he had hastily uttered, which carried an irresistible conviction that they were from the heart. And Irene's haughty spirit softened at the idea of one so young and so strikingly attractive chafing under the infliction of envious and detracting tongues. If Harold had purposely striven to win the difficult and beautiful creature, vyho was at once the Iheme of wild admiration and bitter censure among liis compeers, he could scarcely have devised a more successful mode than the im pression he had accidentally given of his fate and state of mind. The gentlemen were not tardy in rejoining there fair hostess, for Dr. Wentworth was no 44 wine bibber,' although amply ' given to hos pitality,' 'and the young men decidedly pre ferred their host's daughter to even his dust 1 covered magnum claret. 44 1 need not ask you whether yon 6ing, Mise Wentworth,' said Harold, glancing at the pile of music by the piano ; ' and your voice in speaking would be a sufficient pledge even with out that mute evidence of the fact.' ' Then, I presume, you yourself sing, since you are such a critical connoisseur,' said the girl, gaily. ' I bum—' 'Then you will, perhaps, acoompany me in one of those * mnte evidences,' 11 she said, laugh ingly. ' I so seldom can really enjoy some of my chief favourites for want of a good second, and papa is very fond of duets.' ' I must, of course obey,' replied the young man. 4- And I can only hope the obedience will cover the sinB of tbe .performances. What am i o victimise you with, Miss Wentworth ?' Irene, half maliciously, selected a fine old duet of Blangini's that she could scarcely have supposed would be familiar to anyone less devoted than herself to classical Italian music. But Harold had exhausted a splendid collection of a very musical mother's songs at Belmont and he had many a time sang that very piece with Winifred in former days. But, though Winifred's voice was sweet, and rich, and flexible, and though Agatha Courtenay had, perhaps, rather more than the average musical proficiency of young lady performers, Harold had never known till that evening to what excellence — what charms— an amateur could attain. Irene's voice was one of those rare organs which unite a bell-like resonance of tone with melting pathos and the most varied power of expression ; and the training it had received was worthy of the splendid natural gift. Harold himself bad inherited from his mother a fine voice, and an instinct, which was not common among his sex, for the finer and more delicate shade of melody. And, as if inspired by his' companion's excellence, he surpassed himself on that evening, tifl the voices blended as if dictated by one mind, and swelled and died away, and then filled the whole room with an atmosphere of melody that fairly ravished the excellent Master's senses. He motioned with his hand for more when the song was done, and once more, and again, the lady and the undergraduate joined to gratify tbe learned dignitary's tastes, till Lord Charles somewhat impatieutly reminded them that they were intruding on the orthodox college hours, and should miss ' chapel' in the morning if they exceed further. 44 Very proper, Lord Charles, I acknowledge. There is nothing of which I am more desirous than that my young men should be regular in their attendance on morning prayer ; still, I confess I regret that tho real treat I have been enjoying should be cut short. I have an excel lent opinion of those young men who are fond of that 4 gentle art.' I shall have the pleasure, on a not very remote evening, I trust, Mr. St. - Aubyn. Mr. Powlarth certainly did not give j me due notice of your gift, in one respect, at any rate. If you are as great a proficient in other studies, I think I may predict a 4 double first' | for you. Good night, Lord Charles. I wish ' you a very good evening, Mr. St. Aubyn. Irene, my love, will you ring the bell ?' And the dignified head bowed his young guests out of the room with all the courteous grace of the old school. ' A very unusually agreeable young fellow Irene,' was his comment. -4 1 think that you will agree with me, that I was not mistaken in inviting him with my old friend's son.' ' I should never presume to question your de cisions, my dear father,' was the quiet response, and then Irene said4* good night,' and retired to her own apartment. (To be continued in Wednesday's t'seue.) 