A QUAINT ENTANGLEMENT There was a delightful perfume in the room, and for a few moments Mr. Ovey fancied that the operation had been fatal, that, contrary to his expectations and the opinion of his friends, he had passed from this earth. Even his glance with half opened eyes at the pretty nurse did not destroy the fancy, for she might well have been an angel—if angels have ruddy golden hair, big forget-me- not eyes, clear, colorless skin, and coquettish white caps. A moment later he saw the foot of the bedstead and gave a sigh. Nurse Greenhalgh—Hetty Greenhalgh—jumped up. " Oh, I'm so glad !" she said, in an eager whisper; " it was a splendid success, and you'll soon be as sound as a roach. It was a most elegant operalion." Mr. Ovey sighed again—a happy sigh. " And I'm really alive and going to get well?" "Rather! You will be out and about in no time." " How jolly," he said. " It's a jolly thing to be alive." They both laughed quietly. " What a lovely scent," he said. "Yes," she answered, "it comes from the flowers. What friends you must have. We've enough fruit and flowers to stock Covent Garden with!" A contented smile, with a gloss of vanity on it, played on his white face— a face handsome in cut of feature, kind in expression, with a suggestion of weakness in the mouth that was slightly blurred by age—early middle age. " One doesn't know how many friends one has, or how few, till something 6erious happens." She nodded. " But oh,"' she remarked, " I'm afraid jou've been a terrible flirt." " No, I protest." "Hush You must not tire yourself. Go to sleop." The nurse came to the head of the bed, rearranged the pillows gently, poured something into a glass and i;ave it him, smiled prettily at him and he went to sleep immediately. She stood still for.a while looking thoughtfully at his plea&ant; face and then crept away. Her arm as she passed, a table grazed a splendid Martin ware jar that held some lovely roses; she frowned, yet certainly she was not hurt in the least. Herbert Ovey, slept like a judge on a summer afternoon ;' he did not awaken till next morning. " Are there any letters!" he said to Nurse Greenhalgli wlien he had finished his breakfast, before which his man had managed a, sort of picnic toilet for him. " Oh, a lot," she answered, " and all from ladies! Oh you ! But doctor said you were to see no letters till further orders. " It doesn't matter ; they're only polite inquiries of no importance." Miss Hetty smiled, then with a little frown said," More fruit and flowers have come—see here." She handed him a splendid bunch of lilies. He glanced at the card attached to it by a white silk ribbon. On it was written—" With ardent hopes for a speedy recovery. From Mary." " Who is Mary ?" he asked. " I don't know." " I'm sure I don't," replied the nurse rather tartly. " Look at the back of the card—see : ' Stonewall Cottage, Weybridge.'" " Why, it's Mrs. Bower." " Then she's called here throe times and wanted to come up and see you," said Hetty, "and said she'd a ri^lit to." " Oh, bother the woman !" answered the invalid. " Look at these wallflowers and forget-me-nots, ' With Kate's kindest wishes.—From Ridgmount Mansions.' " That's Miss Hemming. Has she " Oh yes, she's called. There's been a flock of them—Miss Campbell, Miss Goring, Miss Smytlie, Miss Johnson, as well as your widow and Kate—and I've had such trouble ; and two of them came together and glared at one another ; and they've tried to bribe John to show them up here ; and one of thfm, a girl with tow/.led hair, was awfully rude, and offered me . But, good gracious ! what's the matter ?" He looked as if he had just seen a ghost, or a whole shoal of ghosts. " Great Scott !" he gasped. " The letters !" «• The letters What letters ?'' ••The letters I wrote. Ring for John." " ('aim yourself," she said as she rang ; "calm yourself." " You don't know. " It's too fearful!" John entered. " Here, John, the six letters I wrote just before the operation and told you not to post unless I—unless it went wrong." " Yes, sir." Don't say yes, you idiot! Where are they ?" " Oh, interrupted the nur«e, " I saw some letters on the desk. I thought they'd been forgotten, and posted thetu." Merciful heavens.'" groaned the patient, "you've ruined me!" and lie fell back fainting. # » 9 » Herbert Ovey was one of the lucky children of fortune. His father was a builder, with an average knowledge of building, and had as partner a brother gifted with a genius for finance. By daring speculation in land in the cit> and ingenious, almost rash, manoeuvring of other people's capital, they had built a magnificent collection of warehouses, sold the ground rents, paid off the mortgages, and realised a large fortune, his share of which he invested very soundly in house property in a rapidly growing suburb. Herbert, an only child, had been brought up luxuriously, and after a fairly successful career at Eton and Cambridge became an idle member of the bar—not absolutely idle, for he got a small rating practice owing to his father's constant fights with the assessment committees. The fortune came to Herbert when he was 30, and during the next nine years he passed a pleasant life spending his ten thousand a year in travelling, hunting, fishing, buying bibelots and pictures. Society, in the popular sense of the term, he avoided >_n account of the husband-hunting tactics of mothers and daughters, for he held matrimony in horror since he had noticed how little happiness his father had got out of the life in which the " poor old boy " was cruelly henpecked. Yet when Herbert was approaching his 41st birthday he began to feel lonely, to wonder whether after all it was not worth while to run the risk of getting H bad wife in the chance of securing a good one. So he took a house in Park- lane, and soon had abundant opportunities of studying the girls and women likely to accept a charming, well educated, interesting man and £10,000 a year. Most of them fell out of the running quickly; the residue were the half a dozen already mentioned. The odds were from about 2 to 1 against the widow to 10 to 1 against Miss Campbell. Certainly the widow was very dangerous and upon two occasions, but for an interruption, Herbert would have proposed to her. In each case, after the danger had passed, he felt uncertain whether he was glad or sorry. It cannot be suggested that he was in love with all or any of them ; but his loneliness and want of human interest in life preyed upon him, and any one of the six had some charm or quality that appealed to him. Fortunately they belonged to different sets. He was considered a flirt in the literary circles where he met Miss Hemming ; in the artistic where Miss Smythe was famous ; in the sporting of which Miss Goring was a leader ; in the politico - economical over which Miss Johnson reigned ; in the simply aristo- cratic, dear to Miss Campbell; and in the theatrical which considered Mrs. Bower a star. i r et none of his pursuers knew of a rival out of her own circle. Matters jogged along, his danger growing greater every day, till suddenly his illness declared itself. It is needless to give any details of the malady which threatened his life, and led tiie profession, after much discussion, to decide that he must undergo a severe operation. The family physician told him that, though the chances were in his favor, he ought to make his will. The day before the operation he sent for l>is solicitor and asked him to add a codicil to a will already made, as he wished to leave a thousand to an old schoolfellow. When the lawyer asked if there were any other legacies he became thoughtful. He knew that Mrs. Bower would be disappointed if he died, and also that she was not rich. He felt, too, that perhaps she might, think he had tciflecl with her, so he saiJ, Put Mrs. Bower down lor two thousand, free of legacy duly." " Any other ?" inquired the solicitor. The thought of Miss Hemming catnc into his mind, then that of Miss Campbell and the others, consequently he left a thousand to each of them. When he was left alone Mr. OVPV be" an to consider seriously what he hail done. To his nicely sensitive feelings th< tre seemed something of impertinence in the matter ; moreover, he suddenly remembered that each would read of the otlur legacies and perhaps guess the rather comical truth. He would get contempt—possibly hate—instead of gratitude. Then a happy thought came to him ; a letter would set matters straight. He began by writing to Mrs. Bower. He mentioned the legacy : told her that twice he had meant to make a proposal, but accident had stayed him ; spoke pitifully of himself and the idea of dyinsr without having tasted the joys of married life, and wound up with tender hopes that she would cherish his memory. Then came the turn of Miss Campbell; but he was already tired of his task—he hated letter writing—so to save himself trouble he simply copied out Mr». Bower's letter. In the end he adopted the same course with all the others His conscience, quickened by fear of the operation, suggested to him that the letters were uulrue, but he satisfied himself by the thought tiat really lie was quite fond of them all, so he addressed the envelopes, sealed up the letters, gave them to John and told him not to post them unless he died of the operation. e ft 4 When Mr. Ovey came lound he was in a frantic state. He had the letters brought up and read them aloud grimly. All the six treated his letter as an offer of marriage, subject to his recovery, and all accepted liiin. Ilo burst iut> hysterical laughter at the idea of being engaged six deep, declared he would take the lot to Utah and marry them, and lie suggested sarcastically that the nurse should join the party, as one more or less would make no difference. He made the poor girl cry by his reproaches. He determined to die, and said that it was his duty to his six fiancees to get himself buried so as not to give undue preference to anyone. The upshot was that he became delirious, and for weeks there was hardly more than an interval between him and death. Nature, aided by the wonderful nursing of Hetty Greenhalgh, pulled him through. When he came to his senses—a mere wreck of a man—he found Hetty by the bed. She had grown hollow-cheeked, and her eyes, by reason of the dark lines below, seemed larger and more brilliant than before. For a week he said nothing of his troubles, the delirium seemed to have wiped them from his memory ; he lay still, gaining strength rapidly, and apparently did nothing but gaze languidly at the pretty nurse, to whom, however, he rarely spoke. At the end of the time he suddenly made the remark— " Where are the flowers ? " " What flowers 1 Oh," she said, reddening, " they've left off sending them— or fruit." He looked round the room. " Oh, but there are some pretty roses, and I've just had splendid grapes. Were they from Mrs. Bower ?" No, not from any .of them." Noticing her blush, he said sharply, " Did you get them ? " " Yes," she answered nervously. " Have you hired a van to hold the letters?" " It's hardly necessary." Surely," he said, " my half-dozen betrotheds have called and written each day?" " They haven't called, and have only written once since—since that day. To tell you the truth, I think you're free." " Free ?" he said eagerly. He noted that she blushed again, and strange vague thoughts passed through his mind. " Ves, free." " But how ?" " I uius'n't tell you yet." " But I will know." " Oh, no ; wait till you're stronger." John entered the room. " John, why do you walk like a funeral mute ? What's the matter ?" " Don't tell him," interposed Hetty. " I order you, John ?" " Well, sir, I think it's your ruin has drove off the baggages—begging your pardon, sir." " My ruin ?" Miss Greenhalgh opened her purse, took out a newspaper cutting and read : —"' Re H. Ovey.—A receiving order was made to-day against H. Ovey. The debtor is of independent means and possessed of a laige amount of house property. His insolvency is attributed to Stock Exchange speculalions. The assets aie estimated at £200,000, the secured creditors are for £150,000, and unsecured £137,656 ' Oh, I can't go on : I'm so sorry." The sick man gravely said, " Bring tne the letter>'." He opened them and read one aftc the other. Miss Hemming expressed regret that reasons, which she explained unintelligibly and at great length, caused her to withdraw. Miss Smythe had mistaken mere sympathy for the love without which matrimony is in- tolerable, and felt that it would wrong him, her and another if she carried out an engagement entered into through vexation with the "another," who had i-ince been pardoned. Miss Johnson hud changed her views ifter reading a certain novel, which she found excellent in principleif execrable in writing, and must decline the offer of Mr. Ovey. Miss Goring was sure she could not give up hunting, and would be a useless burden as a poor man's bride. Miss Campbell's parents objected ^n the ground that his lather had been in trade. Mrs. Bower alone came out well with a bold letter, saving that she merely accepted him to give him pleasure and comfort when in danger, and of course withdrew as soon he was out of it. " Oh dear!" said Mr. Ovey," to think that women are so " " Not women—some women," interrupted the nurse timidly. " Humph ? he replied. " A little while ago they were all after me, and BOW " I don't think we are all so bad," she answered with some stress on the "we." " You drn't ? Do you fancy you could name a girl who would be true to a ruine 1 man ?" " No one," she responded, " unless he told her first that he loved her. You needn't feel my pulse ; I'm not your patient" He carefully adjusted his first finger on her wrist and answered, " I'm curious to see how it is working. I understand pulses. Now if I told the girl that I loved her ?" " Well, but you havn't." "If I say that I have lain awake during a week gazing at a beautiful girl who has nursed me from death to life, who is sweetness, goodness, and purity " But you have not." But I do, Hetty. Can you—do you care about me ?" She turned h°r head away. " The pulse is at fever pace," he said. " Isn't that an answer ;" she asked. " If you will.—I'll get a special licence. We can be married here, and then go off to the Riviera." " A special licence," she exclaimed. " Oh, the extravagance of poor people !" " Poor people !—Oh, the newspaper," he laughed. " That refers to my cousin Henry, you goose!" " I am so glad I didn't know—that I was mistaken." " So am I," answered Mr. Ovey.— Edward F. Spence, in the Windsor Magazine. 