? XHtiLAMD- 3111\. T. M. HEALYTM.P., ON IMSH AFFAIRS- , . Speaking in Dublin on 4th Decembei M? Heaiy said:—We jure assembled here to- night on one in history of our S a crisis. I wish we had fewer oE these crises. (Hear, hear.) 1 am reminded oPSriw, threadbare story ot Daniel 0'Connell-(cheers)-iu rehxtim to the relaxation that we sometimes have amongst each other,when^tftae having been great turmoil in IrelMg, the "Times" sent over from London a fecial reporter to take down Kis speech. Poor old Dan, whose memory be for ever hallowed abwmgst Irishmen, he made the reporter warmly welcome UDOh the platform. He watched him sharpening hie pencil, and he asked htm was he now quite ready, and when the Cockney said he was he commenced his speech in Irish. (Loud laughter and cheers.) air. Chairman, I should like to talk just to-night in English, and give as Tittle satisfaction to the " Times reporters as Daniel O'Connell did fifty years ago. (Cheers.) I observe that (Groans.) There are no differences we know in the Tory Party. Dord Salisbury told us that if Strongbow s ghost were to return to Ireland he would say " What 5 are those Irishmen quarrelling still ?" Now, I don't think Strongbow's ghost would say so at all. I think if he were to visit Lord Salisbury in the watches of the night, " What! he would say, "after all these seven hundred years have not you beaten these Irishmen yet? (Loud cheers.) Though, you had Henry and Elizabeth and Jaaues and Cromwell, who sometimes worked in these years a littl overtime—(laughter)—and William, and have you got no further in this business of conquering Ireland'.'" (Cheers.) And I tell Lord Salisbury that, though we do differ a little amongst ourselves, we are all united against the foreigner —(loud chieers)—and that what our differences are about are not the question of place or power or salary, but as to the best means of obtaining the freedom of our native land. (Hear, hear.) Well, we .are fond of lighting. There is one thing -we don't do with our fighting' men—we would not leave the men if we had the power and were a nation who took part in a Balaclava charge to die in the gutters or. in the poorhouses. (Hear, hear.) And I tell Lord Salisbury this coyntry, divided though it mav be upon questions of detail, is united an essence and in principle. What the people want is but A SALLYING CENTRE. —(hear, hear)—,and they will find it again as they found it before, and that S£ we do not find it in our time we shall bring up our children to hand down the traditions of the fighting men of old. (Loud cheers.) He takes comfort in our divisions. I wish him much comfort in the House of Commons next session—(hear, hear)—for I think it is to the credit of our people -that though we were much more keenly divided during the split than we are ever likely to be again, no man watching parties in the House of Commons was ever aJile to see there was much division amongst Irishmen—(hear, hear)—and whenever one of us was struck at it was enough for his countrymen to know that he was or our blood, and every Irishman, every Tj-ish Nationalist in the House of Commons stood united upon his side. (Hear, hear.) Well, Ireland is not the House of Commons. That is a free and open assembly, and therein differs from some assemblies in whose debates have recently shared. (Laughter.) have been, with my colleagues, held guilty of high treason to Ireland. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) We have arrayed against tis, "We aire told, a- ^eat and formidable body of judgment First' there is the Board of Directors of the " Freeman's Journal." (Groans.) Sir. T. Read—Tom Sesrton, the chairman. Another Voice—Alderman, Kernan, ginger beer. (Laughter.) Mr. Healy—I would ask gentlemen present to abstain from demonstration. And then we have a number of honoured names in Irish life, and we are told that we stand alone against that vast body of opinion. Now, .1 shall not underrate this position, l think it was Edmund Burke who said that if the veriest fool kept repeating to you the same thing every, dagr for twelve months, no matter how stupaa it was, in the end you would come to believe it, and I shall not underrate the strength of the arguments arrayed against us. But this I venture, to present to you, that, seeing (we have all these great powers and potentates and thrones and dominations against one or two men, when those one or two men, despite it all, can only, be ejected by a majority of sixdaughter)—surely there must be something in the position for which they have striven. Nobody vfill pretend that it as my personality that is at stake. I count myself as the merest thistledown in this movement—no, BO ")—but if we have voiced principles and shadowed forth and embodied aspirations, I think it will be found that opinion is much harder to kill than individuals. (Applause.) You may remember in 1848 a well-known attorney—lie as not often referred to as an attorney, but he was—that is. John Mitchel, and Mitchel having been transported for treason felony for battling against misgovermnent at hoine, escaped from Australia and took refuge in America, wfbere he was also imprisoned in defence of what he conceived to be—mistakenly I believelocal State rigjits at the time of the Civil War. He got away to France, and" there, at the instigation of the British Government the French Empire of that day raided his papers, broke into his little house, stole everything he had, and. I think, gave himself a few days in a police cell, and bis reflection recorded in his " Gaol Journal" was this-" Here am I, haying been imprisoned by three great Powers, two of the greatest Powers of Europe, and one the great Republic of America. Surely all these great Powers cannot wrong, and I, John Mitchel, alone be right." (Laughter.) Yet he went on with his views, and despite imprisonment in. England and imprisonment in France, and imprisonment in America, is there a more hallowed name in Ireland to-day than the name of John Mitchel ? God forbid tliiat I should attempt to couple mine with that great name, but it shows that a man may still lie honourable, still hold to his opinions, and have a great many great powers leagued against him. Mr. Healy then referred to the different, incidents in which he was charged with disloyalty : And let me say 1 o mv countrymen that I embrace to'the. full the view and the idea, that without; unity in this land and without unity iu our party wur cause will rather make leeway than headway. So strongly do I feel this, and have felt it, that when in moments of crisis in the Housei of (Commons pur party was placed in difficulty and in the possibility of the shadow of misrepresentation' before the country, I have, on more than one occasion, said to Mr. M'Cartliy, " Were I you I should TAKE MA. REDMOND INTO MY COUNCILS If he refused in a moment of jeopardy for the Irish cause, the dishonour would not be ours (Applause.) We should have discharged ourselves from our responsibilities, and if he used private information conveyed' to -him by the Chairman of the Irish Party on bis responsibility, that ! dishonour, too. ould' not be ours. (Applause.) But I do not believe that Mr. Redmond would have done anything 61 the kind. (Applause.) In my opinion, however divided we may be, whatever personal wrangles we may have one with the other, however bitter matf be the chasms of the past, when the m&t;, fronted by Englishmen on the floor of thel House of Commons, tiheife was only one idea possible in the mind of a representative Irish statesman, namely, the safety and good carriage of the Irish cause without regard to which section may be up or down, by what is about to be done or Saia. That was my view. A Voice—Too late. Mr. Healy—There are many ceijturtes efore us yet (Applause-) ?ou have not yet snapped the dog c&llar; of alien ervitude—(applause)—aiadi it may yet take you some time to construct the file that will snap it in twain. I do not think it evei« Is too late to do something for our country, (Applause.) Well, that view diA raft prevail." A Voice—The capjaiu 4s gone (cries of " Order " ahd Put'him out "). Mr, Healy—The caption Is gotie, but tbete ate a good' many of the crew jm deck still. (Applause.) Similarly, when accusations w'6rema4& Siat I was a fly in the ointment—and' I am. not particularly acquainted with that emollient -I told Mr. M'Cartliy it was no pleasure to me to be engaged in debates and wrangling with my colleagues. If he called a meeting of the Party, and the majority decided agdihst me, I would not only keep my pledge to resign, but, though I could easily be re-elected, I would not stand again in mutiny to the Party. Mir. M'Carthy refused that offer. I again repeated it at Rutlandsquare, arid these gentlemen refused it also, although I imagine that if I have been guilty of treason to Ireland, surely expelling us from the Committee of the Party was a ludicrous travesty of justice. We should have been expelled, not merely from the Committee, but from tilie Party, aiid we should have been hunted like mad dogs through the country. Well, wjiy am I in favour of united action? Because you have to deal with a Power, great, strong, noH necessarily cruel, but a little inclined to be shabby. It has its emotions, this great Power, but thev pass away quickly. Yesterday it was Greece. tb ! £n Bulgaria, then Armenia^ then Ireland. People catch cries whidh are got up like a comic song, for politicians have their political "Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ays" (Laughter.) All this time the wants, the feelings, and the aspirations of Ireland fcemain unsatisfied while British statesmen are peddling with the question of remedies. I believe in the necessity of<a. party which would insist upon the application of the remedy of letting us«alone. (Hear, hear.) That is what we claim. I will only say the reason that I am so strenuous for an active and an efficient Irish Party is because Parliamentary methods are now amongst the last which are left to this dwindling nationality, and it is the more essential that; you. in your localities, should have liberty of choice, liberty of selection. and freedom to conduct your own course, because this is one of the few remaining arrows in the National quiver. (Applause.) Accordingly, I shrink from no acknowledgment that my sentiments on the matters on which I have been arraigned are unchanged and unchangeable. (Cheers.) I hare not cared, nor shall I protrude these opinions, to bring about disunion amonjrst the masses of my countrymen. I say this in conclusion, apologising to you for the length of my rfenlarks, that upon this policy I shall stand. From my principles I shall not yield. I acknowledge no inOb as my master. I claim to call my soul my own, and lighting upon those r lines and upon those principles I believe that our name and nation will;flnd 4ignlW And freedom, and our'en&liies; abroadwiil find whea the temporary -cootea&oBB-of; moment have been appeased, .tfe^jfigjire of Irish Nationality, purified and eternal, will stand upon the bottom, great and impressive, gladly, and that all the men who have .conjure^, up its spirit, be their mistakes what thcymay, wiU be accorded the grateful thanks of Irishmen yet to come. (Loud cheering.) The proceedings terminated. 