S H O B T S T O R Y THE MISER'S HOAED. For many years old Simon Grates had oocupiod a tumbledown old to use in on the narrowstreets which are tobe found that part of the borough which the faao .modem improvement -wasstallleft untonoh A grimy, dilapidated building, tiiQ- gbu a the upper windowB of wtiah were nearly shattered, while thedoor-was utterly devo of paintjandduringahighwindthe slates wouHwhirloflsfheioofto theextreme danger'.of the -passers-by-...Bnt iorall rickety appoaranoe the dd house in Qrim street gwasapeEfectioiU-uuu: Tho door -wa plated with4ron; and had thenewest an mosteSeotive locks; the lower windowswer guardedwith maadn^lnn.bare, andif a »i trader had contrived to gain admission theToofhe would have found confronted by ,, a strong :lmok r.wall, - w entirelyshutoflthe upper portionot;thp bonne from the lower. Many (renUemen i file burglaCTltoehad'lannd-Mlser^G oob too hard acni to craob, -and bad ret baffied,-fromtheattempt. . Simon /Grates tiadiione *wdL to :take -precautionslie did, for the,report of his .tiomrmnlation.of -wealth -ofvall kinds w wi^ly^preadthroiighout.-t^.n^hbour-: hood, and had not -hia lonse. lieenut per .foitreasit.-wonldhave.been broken into re peatodly. , - " * .It would behar&tosay; whatOratea' fcusU nosa was, or, gather, what It ^yras jotior If therejwas a ;penny to -bemade -Ij'anyV' SglKSIxDE^graBt^^ifeK - „ g - i S e r ' s r a n c l f s U i ^ ^ .in"spite of his iwoaeionaliai^e^'^to War her. ' - , — *Erne,"* said-the old man'one evening, . he sat over his seantymeal-of dryhre and a rasher 'of baoon, 'I1hSnk Xiungo ingto give up business andretire into t country.* VI am afraid the oonntry ah- would gi you a tremendous appetite/ remarked the old man, with a suspicions glance , athi grand-daughter. «And I am vory poor, yo Know,* 'But then we osn live fox a mere noth in .-the country,' ; returned . the gid, think how nioeit would toe'toEve oat dingy London.' •• 'People don't live fur ftmere nothing a where, Prue,' retorted the old ' bu any rate we are going the day after tomorrow. Alittle cottage liear Uxbzidge ca into my hands some years ago, and as tenantis jostdead Iznay as welloocup permitit to remain empty.' Prue's facefell. ' That Is rather asnd resolve, isn't it, grandfather T said she. ' Ah,' snarled the old man,' you are t ing ofthiit fine sweetheart of yours, J Varley. Well,if he wants to see you he come down to Uxbridge; the walk will str bis legs abit.' . ' Joe won't mind (hat« UK' answered Prue; 'but he needn't walk': heoaa to by-train.' ' Ah, young people are- fonder , of spe money than of earning it,' remarked Sim Grates; 'but, mind yon, there is a good of valuable property in this house, and want totell you when to findit. I feel q&eer; to-night, andif anything happens me, do yon go id Sharpies, toe lawyer Linoota's Inn Fields, and be will tellyo everything, for you halve been a good girl to me, and will have thelittle I lea hind me.' \ i 'JDon't talk like that, grandfather 'make me feel4oitti frightened -remark Frudenoe. " 'Take this paper,' said the old man, handing her a torn piece with 'some wri ing uponit, * join tha bit Lawyer Shaa wul give yon to it, andit will explain -fliijw-* ., 'HaBh,' exoliumej Prndenoe, suddenl -y«. there is that eound again whioh I hefore.' • ' Both listoned Intently, and-theo a eudd crash of falling brickwork 3n the tipper of the house made them ^both start to t . feet. The old man made for a drawer in whi he always kept a loaded revolver, hut be heoould reach jt the door -was. burst o and a man, rushing into the loom, St MiBor tSiates a blowon the head with ali preserver whioh'laid hini dead upon the floor. With a wild shriek Prudence grasped the murderer's arm, and as her eyes -fe tmjiia face she saw that he wore a blaok "With a fierce oath he disengaged 'himsel and again the deadly weapon rose andfe stretching Frudenoe across her grandfather' body."... ' I didn't want to hnrt the girl,' mutt the man,' bnt there was no hdp forIt! N lqtihe see what thereis. tobe found in t Way of a snag.' The search was not a sucdeesfnl one, f beyond about twenty shillings worth ofsil and a few (uppers nothing of valae was oovered, and with a savage oath he bega ranaack the adjoining room. ; The same bsnlt evidently attended this search, for in about half an hour he retu again with a dark frown on his brow. ' think 2 have settled the^pair of them, nothing-,' growled lu. . * What's thla paper, in thegirl's iiand f he added, a stooped and took it np; ' a preoious l gibherishIt Beema, but I willlpok at it w I get away. Curse the fdlow"for braggin about the valuables In the hbnse.' I have. thoroughly sold, and had better get away fore harm comes to mo.' He made his way upstairs, and creepin through a hole he had pieroed bi thebrio wall, -whicrh ran aoross the upper portion '.the house, gained the roof and'disappe in the darkness.- It was dayTight before Prudence reoover heraenses,Tand jhen, in eplta of th6<3r pain sheielt, she; contnved-tD ocawi tb - troct dbor and give the alarm im^piBi^hhonrsiioamein'lt TOeifon •=:that®goll5ianwBa aait6/aeadfJ=andjeSm t^tidi: Aiem^^Oa house/Shonld heSla^ln -"the^aibttftrhstworfhyoaioiBker. - • ,Por-natrly three -weeks Prudence wau nn able to move from the hospital, and when did «o heri6rstviiit waa to Sharpies t , lawyer, who said: 'There isoertairfly a . in your favour^ tut whore" the ^property got.-to I don't know. Thereis about th hundred pounds in the bank, so yon will \- beyond the reaoh of want for the time, Mr. Grates ought to have been worth at ten thousand pounds. Joe Varley had many interviews with H ; - sweetheart, and they often talked tog over the mysterious robber who had so nea 'taken" twolives on the night of the bu glarious entrance into the house in Qrime strcet.• ' • ' Examination of the premises had shown that ho must have got into ah empty hou some throe doora off. Ho . had ascended the house and eot into the miser's domicil through the 4ilipld&tedlioof.; Finding a obstacle in the liriokworlc huilt aoross upper storey he had deliberately gone to wo to pierceit, and when,the. taskwas c cluded bad made his unexpected appearanc which had.:been attended: withtfucfa fata consequences. 'Prue,' said Joe Varley.' do yon - k \- that sometimes Ifeel responsible for a deal of what occurred in Grime-street* ^ ' Goodness mo, Joe, what can yon me rc'urucd the girl. 'You will make my ijilocl run ooldif you talk so.' *Wly,youeee,Prne ( !«'tlotoftellowBat our shop (Toe was.aforemanin alarge printing establishment)'^got to chaffing me and tetSog me that Iwas going to manyi ipand-daughter of a millionaire, and one day at the pub, where I goto get my sna eof in the middle of the day, a seedy-looki ohap in oamenp, and, after malting himsel i preoious of agreeable, asked me a heap of qu odnd house and such like, and I, like a fool tions about you and your grandfather and was, all let out all I knew, and a great id more, perhaps, for he had given me a g or iwo,andthateetmytongue wagging.' • * Oh, Joe/ BTolalmed ihegiri, 'perhap was. its the burglar after all; they say tha e-' they go about trying to -find out what ho a areworth robbing.Anyhow he did not ge d much, though he robbed me of that preci o scrap of paper grandfather:, hadjufft gi n toe 4 ana the.pieoe Mr. Sharpies has use by without the one I lost. I cannot mak head or ten of - it. Here is the oopy of hich letnsseeif yon are.clever enough to scir tie riddle.'"7 .-.• • n. -"She extracted from..her pooket a.pie paper upon whioh were wntten these word ired, ' • 'laid of Ining robbed, and the valuabltsin s safe place, : vast - myself, inmyoottagestUx ' as cellar and measure twol re•"' . comer, then dig three fect' -: -. \heliey, l>y my will it it: this Is 1 a preinouS hard nnt t crack,' TcmarkedJoe, after he had raid document'over two : »r fiireee r ttmes. i^ -one'thingtCffltain iBjihatthereia somethi inacbllar, batwhere-I.oan'tsay.'- ' - • Why,- at TTxbridge; of-ooaise; -what ^•thinpag if P'-e^aomSa .Trodenoe^OTdi ^ Wi ^gSmamed first.-and -thm we can ^Wn there andrnever oome badk any more ' mat-do' you meafl/- Joe f 'rettamad girijia as bn^it blush snfEntang her oheek. : ad • ' Jn6t%Us, 'Frne. Ton seo,if you n -get any more money you are quite alit heirees. I have ^ saved a bit too, and very morning I got an:ofier aa foreman ve large printing- establishment in that : very identical Uxbridge, andso,^^if you will agr fl theoottage will oome in-very handy, and n after wod: weoan havea hunt after gran dad's^treasnra-' ing After some - slight demur 'Prue yielde 'and Mr. Sharpies handed over the keys of t of cottage, and one afternoon, after a -visi the parish ohuroh, the young couple start nyt intended at to oommenoe their matrimonial away for XTxhridge, from which point th braise. ms Theoottage WBS.B very pretty one, ver the decently furnished, with a nice garden at y book, it as and various outbuildings, whioh th had not expected. den All at once Prue gave alittle scream a citing tightly to her husband's arm. ' Ther hinkoe dogging our footstepB. I saw him outsid is a horrid man following us. I am sure is the can ohnrchj then at the station,' and her etch is again.' Joe turned quickly round, and an angr -fluBh rose to his faoa.. ' Wdl, I'm han exclaimed he, 'ifitis not the chap th pumped me so dry about grand-dad'saffair nding Here, mister, I should like to have a wo on with yon.' deal - The man, however, dldnot appear desir I of acoepting the invitation, hut poshed h veiy way through a gap In the hedge and spe to across the fields at a paoe "which defied p suit- in . u ' Ill just go to the poBoe station and them a hint about .that gentleman,' matter ve Joe, be-' for his conduct strikes me as just little suspidous.' ; you For a week, however, the young marri ed oouple were disturbed by no nnweicome in truaers, but though the'attics, and inde every room in the house, had been thorough t- firawiined, no sign of Simon Grateb' hidd iples treasure had been discovered. Joe had now eveiyy, /oond hia wife standing pale and ixemblin .settledsteadily. down to his work. . One day, as .Joeretnrned to his home heard inthe poroh.. •a-.-^-t.'-. . ' ;VviiatMls yoa, my en ^Irlf eald he, goin part up.to her and putting his farm around he heir 'you look whits and soared.' 'Oh, Joe,* she murmured-, between her s oh heis down there.' fore 'Sown "where? asked, her husband, i pen, muoh surprise,' aad.who is he that is do ruck there f • • fe-grandfather,ll house, so I waited until you came home.' answered, she; ' I wen down to get some wood, ana there-he was standing in-flie righthand comer. I fi npstaira again and did not dare remain in ' Why,you musthavebeen frightened at ahadow, my dear,* returned J oe, endeavor f to reassure her, though in his heart he ll, extremeljr nnoomfortahte. 'X wiU go and seo s what it1b.' He went down thelittle flight of stair but ered returned again in another minute, wi Mb ow, faoe perfeouy.livU. ' he 'You were right, my girl,' faltered h and as I don'tlike suchvisitors I think or had best olear oat.' ver \7here is.it now f askod Prae^ with disn to In thecellar, andlikely to remain ther shudder. returned her husband;for I shut the-doo after me and drew the.bolt.' rned As if to contradict his assertion the I shadowy figure of Simon Grates stood befor for them, looking exaotly as he did inlife, bit well. of . There was something mystic aind s tangible he about.him. He crossed the room t ot the of fireplace, stooped, and appeared to'tou hen the heavy poker, then, moving to the win raised g 'jus hand in a gesture of warning, -melting been away, vanished before their very beg 'But, Prae,my gid, whatailB youf . eyes. . 'Well, I am gladit's gone,' said Joe wiping hie perspiration from his forehead k . Prue indeed was nearly. ranting,and wais of some time before the attentions of ared beloved husband oould bring her round. Hu "bandand wife both agreed that the appea ed anoe of. Simon ^Grates' spirit meant som ael thing, bnt what that: something, was th were the nnable to determine. : As for searchi the cellar toflebif the ghost hadleft any i cation nd of .the -reason<of his .viBit neithe Prne fdt the ^ghtBBt-::inchnabon4o ventur .^wn'toaioeqTepoiiB/land git wasscnlyafter ^ieartyinpperiiadanaoine way'diminiBhed ^ Joe/lowever,' could not deep, and lo afterFruehadsunkto^lnmbor helaytosamg ahout, expeotmgthat Bomething would hap pen, - &oi;^h-ho3would have %een "vety mno puzried ahe to prove what that something was. he will All atonce a dight- grating.noisefell upo his has ear, which appeared tocome from ree room below. - -When he had no be sapematural foes bat to ded with Joe was as brave aa a least 'Thatis a glazin' diamond/ muttered h ashe rose Etealthilyirom his bedand pulle on e a pair of trousera ; 'Bome oove is cut ether apane of glass oiltof the parior-window rly How sweet are the pleasures of the ooun r- —no troubles or worries, nothing but bu glars - and ghosts, and, Af course, they / not worth mentioning.' ~. !With\that thought, running through h brainhe cautiously descended the stairs, an se entering the parlor, saW^ figure in the a .to of getting :thnmgh the. window, the latc e which had been drawn book by means of removal n of : a pane of glass. Uasting the r :« glance at the intruder tomake sure that was rk not Grandfather Grates come to pay one, poker, and brought it down with a heavy second-visit, . Joe made a bound for t l' thwack upon the burglar's shoulders, and then; as &e; man, with an 'exclamation now pain, dropped on the floor,he delivered a good other blow upon tho head whioh laid him • an : Tho T noiso alarmed Prae, who hurried dowh-Btairs, juBt in^timo to seo hor husb roaring the robber's hands in a most ntaoniarwiUi a pieoe of rope whioh he ha fetched from thelcitchen. , The man was handed over to thepolicand "proved to-be a well-known burglar, fo he whose apprehension a reward of £60 had be ck offered, which, much to Joe's delight, w ng said OFer'tb him. ' As he returned fro f Hiving his evidenoe he f onnd his wife dftno estitle abontthokitchon, waving a scrap of paper herhand. BB See I here,;Joe,'.cried she,' that bad ma deal must have dropped this. He was the robbe lass that murdered poor grandfather, end, doub less, he. followed us here, thinking that ai' had 4 fonnd the treasure which he failed discovering. Bead this.' use* "Withoutin'-the least understanding her Jo t took the paper, and, with a very pnzzled ouB pression <51 faoe, readjthe following disjoisted «entenoee< ven is no, e" Ihavealwavsbeenaf so havehidoBn all my it; e . ..whioh is known only to bridge. Go down tothe ' oe of ^^and.yira^willfind s ' . ' ron. ; My lawyer has . allforPradenoe. ' Why, thechap must have esoaped fro alnnatan asylum jo carrysuoh rubbish abou with-' him,' . exclaimed Joe, . impatient '/What doesit all mean f ' Yoa fiilly hoy,' cried his wife, 'have forgotten theotherscrap of paper? Here, o join the two together, and see what yo makeiofitthen.' the He rdid so; and hiB faoe brightened up a The .read&s;'fbUows-S'''-. ng I havealways been af-jaidof beingrobbe and so liaye hiddenall my-valuables in a am plaoe, whiiih isVknown only<to -<nyselt, —^ --^-- it pxbridge: Go SOTO to.the- EttWSs^i^y mylwill tiEli-SIt^ gb : .' Wiiero'are on going said Prae,. as the afterreadingtl paper, Joe made a bound for the garden. ever' : To get & spade,', returned he., '.Whe tle grandfather : is there or not, I am going have this alook for that thore iron box. ina. The reoeptaole was found in the spbtd ngnated, but there was no oocasion to ap ee, to Lawyer Sharpies, for the key was in box,and not only was there a goodly stock d- gold and bank-notes within, bnt several magnifioent diamond and emerald ornament d. which, doubtless, Miser Grates had, at so he time or other, picked up a bargain. t Thelittle to scrap of paper, thonghit did produce ed a capital conviction, sent the burgl ey to penal servitude forlife, so that the y couple were not likely to bo troubled by -visits again. As for thespirit of Mise y Grates, it did not put in a seoond appoar perhaps the from not being able to findits w ey to the fine large house to which Joe an Frue removed shortly after they had bee luoky. enough to discover the Miser's Hoar nd e 