CITY OP MELBOURNE BANK INSOLVENCY EXAMINATION; EVIDENCE OF THE CHAIRMAN OF DIRECTORS. Ma a J. FINK'S TRANSACTIONS WITH THE BANK. Tho examination into the affairs of the City of Melbourno Bank (in liquidation) was com menced at tho Insolvency Court yesterday before Jqdge Mo|esworth, who sat as a special commissioner by direction of tbo Supremo Court. Tbo liquidator of the bank was represented by Mr. W. E. Johnston and Mr. Lowers ; and Mr. R. E. Jacomb and Mr. J, C. Stewart watched the interests of Mr, Jenkyn Collier, a director of tho bank. Mr. Thomas Loader, chairman of the direetoya of tho bank, was tho first witness called. Mr. Stewart proposed that the examination should be conducted in private Mr. Johnston was opposed to such a course boing followed. Mr. Loader said he had ho objection to the examination being mads in public. The Judge said that as no objection was taken by the witness he oould not give a ruling on the point. Mr. Loader, examined by Mr. Johnston, said he bnd been a director of the bank since its establishment in 1875, Ho was chairman of tho directors from that time till 1888, and agalu frsm 1892 till Au-unt 1295 when the bank closed its doors. He was a member of the oommitt.se of inspection, and had the power to call for any books in the bank at meetings of the board. The duty of the direotors was to inspect every overdrawn account, so that the officers might know whether it was seoured or not. The over drawn liBt was laid before the board once a week, and the baUnoe hooks were frequently before the directors. His only experience wns gained in tho City of Melbourno Bank. When be went to England in 1888 the reserve fund was £410,000. It was reduoed to £200,000 at tho balanco of March, 1893. The internal reserve was not stated in the published fialapco sheets, it was stated in one of tho books at £139,331. Is there not on the other side of the account an entry '£138,984, bad and- doubtful debts," representing the items for which this internal reservo may bo applied? — I can't tell you. I don't think 1 ever saw tho book before. I don't know whether these items have boon written olT. You knew there must be such a book la ex istence? — Yes. Did it never occur to you during your Almost daily visits to the hank to look at that book to see whether your decisions had been carried out ? — No. You have told us that this internal reservo was composed of profits? — Yes. The year 1892 was a dull time, and there wero not many profits about?— No one was making large profits then. It was a period of transition of values. What was the internal reservo shown in tho weekly abstract for 26th September, 1892?— £114,980. Just oca what It jumped to next week?— There is nothing next week. Read it? — ''Appropriation for 'losses, £139,000." So it jumped up £5000. You must have made a fine profit that week? — You are harking up the wrong tree. That is the end of the half year, and that sum represents the profit made during the half year being carried forward to that date. At this stage, witness, referring to Mr, Rouse, who was sitting opposite counsel, said he thought it most unfair iliat a gentleman, a former offioial of the bank in Londou, should be instructing counsel. Tho Judge : I can't interfere. Witness : Well, it isn't nioo. In one of the courts of this building the adjudication of justice has boon objected to on similar grounds. Tho Judgo : I can't help it. Witness, further examined, said the direotors took tho estimate of the officers in regard to reserving interest on dormant accounts. They did not go through the accounts in the separate books. They considered each acoount on whioh it wab proposed to reserve interest. The report for September, 1892, states that the profit for the six months was £42,000 ; that tho diroctorB, after providing £14,500 for obarges and £500 for note tax, proposed to appropriato £25,000 for divldcud at tho -rate of 10 per cent, and carry forward £12,000. You don't get much internal reserve out of that do you ? — The mau who is instructing you does not know his business. The internal resctvo is taken out before that £42,000 is arrived at. The inorease in the internal profits could easily have taken place ih the way I suggest. Mr. Rouse ought to know that. Then in addition to the deolarcd profits you must have increased your internal reserve by £29,000? — I believed so then. Then you made £67,000 in that half year ? This you do in a year, that was trying to the banks. Are you doing yourself justice ? — Cer- tainly. Bearing in mind the fact that at thiB time you had been reserving a much larger amount for interest than iu usually tho case ? — It is all perfectly consistent. Counsel then proceeded to read various speeohes made by witness to the shareholders of the bank, commencing on 28th October, 1892. Mr. Johnston : I will now ask you as to the his tory of some of these accounts. I will commence with that of Benjamin J. Fink, from 6th September, 1889. I see that at tho meeting of the directors on that day there is tliia minute with referenoo to Mr. Fink: — "B.J, Fink: Direct liabilities, £112,000 ; overdue balance, £54,884 ; contingent liabilities, £937, His account must not be in creased. Nash, Fink and Best, past due, shall be paid." That is correct? — Yes. Mr. Fink was a large shareholder in thebank? — Yes. Ho held 6548 shares? — Yea. Iiis shares were transferred in the name of one of the officers of the bank?— I am not aware that they were put in Mr. M'Laohlan'snnme. It may have been done. There is no harm in it Is this the first time you hayo heard the statement ? — No. I think I knew they wore transferred at the time for the proteotion of the bank. Why did not you say so at once ? All trans fers of shares had to pome before tho directors? —Ye?. I see that the total valuation in the bank balanco book at the time is £226,511 ? — Yes. Against an indebtedness of £147,867? — Yes. Wo thought Mr. Fiuk was a wealthy man at tfiat time. Those securities consisted of £71,000 real estate, and the rest of it was scrip of the value of £155, 500?- Yes. Do you rocolloct the time when Mr. Fink's reputed wealth began to bo " blown upon early in 1892, was it not? — I could nob sny the date. His composition was in September, 1892. Did you hear any rumors doubting hid stability before that? — Yes, about a year bofore that. Is it a faob that on 25th January, 1892, a company known as the General Assets Company Limited was formed to purchase about £100,000 worth of the securities of Mr. Fink held by your bank? — Yes; it was for the purposo of taking out of Mr. Fink's name n largo number of securities that the bank held in its own uams, and by legal advice ib was found th&b; we could form a company to purchase the more valuable of the securities. It was dona to protoot the bank. I find 1902 shares in tlie Mercantile Finance Company were part of the security transferred, also 2500 shares in tbe Rosstown Junction Pro perty Company, shares in the Wott Melbourne Land Company, South Melbourne Land Com pany and tho Stock Exchange of Melbourne. — I don't know anything about the nature of the Bbares transferred. Who were the direotors of the General Assets Company? — I don't know. . Don't you know that two of the offioers of your bank were appointed directors ?— I believe so. Didn't they have board meetings in the very room that you used? — Not to my knowledge. I knew the shareholders in this company would be offioers of tho bank. And nobody elso?— I did nob know much about it. You have volunteered the motive for the creation of this company. . I sqppo.se you will agree that ib was an important step? — Yes, Can you account for the faob that there is no minute of the directors as to the formation of the company?—! cannot. Was it nooident or design? — Accidept. To say It was design would bo to impute that some thing was wrong Wo do, most emphatically. — Then there was not. This thing yras discussed ? — Yes, Than, why waB it not minuted? — I don't know. On 29th March, 1892, tbe matter oame before your board. Tbo pianager reported that Mr. Fink had sold the properties as per schedule to tho General Assets Company Limited. Hnd'Mr Fiuk any say in the transfer of those properties? —Certainly, if ho was in a' position to pay off bis advancer. But if ho was not? — The equity of the property was with Mr. Fink, and we had to get it away. Ho had no power to prevent the properties being : dealt with. The next minute is on 15th July, 1892, when the manager reports that the transfer was com- ploto and ready for registration. The amount to be debited to the General Assets Company, is £103,500. How is it you cannot toll us what these properties were?— I can't remember. Another minute on 19th July states that any properties purchased from Mr, Fink must be guaranteed. Was such a guarantee obtained ? — I don't know. Did it ever occur to you to inquiro what in come theio properties were yieldiugto the bank? -No. Would you be surprised to know that the whole of that scrip is now valueless?— No. Was not ono of the stations a rabbit Infested property in New South Wales, aud did not pro duce a bid when put up for salo? — I don't know. Take Degraves'e bond. Wae it not a fact that tho first mortgagee had foreclosed on it? — I don't know. That was one of the properties you went to tho trouble of saving from the wicked Mr. Fink ? You say you don't know anything about these companies, and yet you want us to believe that these properties wero selected and formed into this rotten oompany for the purpose of pro tecting the bank?— I do, and you can't disprove it. We will see about that. The fact of creating a company inside the bank to take over £100,000 worth of Mr. Fink's assets would make the bank appear as a creditor to the amount of £100,000 loss ? — Yes. Did you think that a proper course to adopt? — At tho time I did Do you remember the oiroumstancss of a number of aooouuls in the bank boing put to a list of speoisl loans ?— No. Conducted without the knowledge of the junior clerks in the bank and the books kept undertook and key ?— And also withoutthe know ledge of the direotors, Mr, Rouse's report was the first I beard of it. In the weekly abstract you will find such items as " Special loans, £405,651 "-four-fifths of the paid up capital of your institution ? — I knew of tho special loans, but not that they wore kept private, Did it occur to you to ask the names of the accounts in connection with that large sum of money ? — I frequently saw them. Was tho General Assets Oompany aocount inoludod iq that entry ? — I don't remember. I won't be surprised to hear that it was. If the only difference botweon these and other loans was that of tho concession of £ per cent, interest as you say, oan you conceive any reason why they should be kept secret ? — No. Why did you not ask for this special loans acoount that was kept under look and key ? You were a member of tho inspection com mittee, you know ? — I don't know. This was not tbe only acoount so kept. The £103,000 of tho General Assets Oompany was kept in the speoial Joans account? — I never knew there was any other account than the special advances account. Do you know that debit entries to the extent of £12,000 have sinco gone to the credit of this extraordinary account?— I have heard that such was tho case, but don't know the amount, I made no inquiry beyond what tho general manager told me. Did you know the £12,000 went for the pur chase of shares made ostensibly by Mr. Long- inuir? — This is the first I have heard of it. Did you know Mr. Longmuir had been pur chasing shares previous to that? — He was frequently buying shares. What was his salary? — £2500 year. Where did you understand the monoy was coming from to provide for the purchase of this falling stock? — He drew cheques on tho bank When you say you know of this did your oo- direotors know it? — I believe that after a certain time they got to know of it. From the time tho General Assets account dis appeared from the books you inspectcd.did you over make any effort to find out where it had gone to and its state?— No. This General Assets Company was of course a ghost for Mr. Fink ?— It was another namo for Fink. Your bank rained no objection to Mr. Fink's composition of tijd in the pound ? — I don't know ; I heard of none. After the composition you got a little re minder from London?— I don't remember. Didn't a telegram come in these words, "Are you involved in the failure of Fink? To what extent"?— I never heard of the message. It may have come to Mr. Longmuir. Do you remember this telegram being sent to London on the subject of Mr. Fiuk : "Overdrafts and discounts £57.000"?— No. Anyhow thftt statement in tho telegram would be a downright lie?— I can't say. As a matter of fact we have discovered that the amouut was actually £103,000 grenter, according to your precious General Assets Com pany. The telegram said, "We are fully covered." Is that true?— I don't remember. If I had been consulted on the subject I would not have sent that answer. At this time Wallaoh and Co., whioh was practically Fink, wero also largely indebted to tbe bank ? — Yes. To the sum of £151,000? — They had separate assets, in. which Fink was not a shareholder. He gave a guarantee for £30,000? — Yes. There y/tks another aocount of Edward Low for £5860. Ho was manager for Fiuk, wasn't he? — I don't know. We say Mr. Fink's indebtedness was in all £190,000. Has your curiosity ever led you to consider what Mr. Fink's securities wero worth? —No. Mr. Rouse estimates their value at £10,000 ? — You might double that. He is very pospi- miatlo, you know. Witness continuing, said ho had never heard of Wnllach's Limited Property Account for £57,543. That took the trading account up to £115,000, but no extra security was given. Takiug these big accounts — the accounts of the sharks and boomer? — do you mean to say that you did not sec them in the weekly overdrafts list ?— I may have seen them. Mr. Fipk's wife appears to have'ownsu cer tain promissory notes that you guaranteed? — I know nothing of it, I did not know she was a creditor of Rooke and Co., holding pro mjHSory notes,- until after the offair got into a hopeless condition. Do you know that your bank guaranteed the promissory notes of Rocke and Co. given to the Bank of AuBtralasia and Mrs. Fink to the extent of £27,000? — Yes, but we received a bundle of securities said to be worth £50,000. Are they worth anything uow? — I don't know. Tho Bank of Australasia threatened to make Wallaoh and Co. insolvent, and we agreed to tills transaction to prevent it. That is per fectly justifiable at a- certain stage of affairs when a customer's credit is threatened. We aoted on the advice of the general manager as to the value of the securities. The witness's examination had not oonoluded. when tbo inquiry was adjourned till this morn ing. 