Headings in Catholic Doctrine. Why I am a Roman Catholic l!i- MM I Iti'lit'iM III .If -tl« ( 'hliM . I be Ili'Vi' tllllt ll-- 111* m tllM Wm|'i|h n| fti'llla! 111**, I lifln -\e that Km, In-ill', the s,,|i i.| -li..|, liliew what t-- (eiiih, mid Ijnw to teach it, and that, i'miih ijiielit I v, ulml lie hi S r h law lor ever. Thouuh Heaven and earth ,*IhiI! pa-.* iiuny, 1 1 in unnU A\n\\\ iwt )ii.' au/ty. (St. .Mat!, xtfi., .'II,; J ivin only believe, then-lore, in mil- - 'hi iM iauity, and that iihinI be (he fn,iin,it i 'hrihtiauity which came In mi tin1 I i ; ih of ,Iomi*. Now i'lni-l I'litru.-ti'il all 1 1 i ?* »li»'t riue ti- a - '?'it M III l»'»|y o| JiV'lUg tejiclleo, In he Hpremi liy them throughout the world. Then' teacherH Wine the twelve ApoKlli'i*. tlieJii,-(, binhopK of tho t'hriHt ian Church. They were Jirsl niHtructed by Christ in the niynterieH of the Kingdom of Heaven (?St. Matt, xiii., 1 1 ) and in all that lie had heard from the leather — (St. John xv., l*») ; the lioly Ghost- was promised them (o make t Iimiii reiui'inber it all (St..lohn xiv., lit!); and lastly, they were commanded to teach that doctrine, Christianity, or Christian religion, to all the nations. (St. Matt, .vxviii., HI, 20.) Now in order to provide a written record of the founding of the. Church, and of the glorious promises made to it, and of its constitution and organisation, and some of tho very words of Christ and His Apostles, certain of tho Apostles and their disciples wore inspired by the Holy (.{host to write tho books of tho New Testament. Tho Testament, therefore, is the inspired Word of God. The Testament, however, nowhere says or implies that it contains ' all tho counsel of God.' It nowhere tolls us what books form a part of it, nor oven how many books there are. It prescribes no system of public worship; it does not give in full tho rito for administering any sacrament. It makes allusion merely to many things, in which the reader is sup posed to have been already instructed. (Seo Hob. vi., 1, 2 ; 2 Thess. ii., 14 ; 2 Tim., i., 1I5.) Thus the Bible shows that the Bible alono was novor intended to teach the whole religion ol Christ. On tho contrary, it points to a body of living men who were tho ministers of Christ and the dispensors of tho mysteries of God. (1 Cor. iv., 1, 2.) Moreover, it describes them as forming a kingdom or Church, and as having one Lord, one J'ailh, one baptism. (Ephos. iv., (5.) And it speaks of the Church as a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle — (Ephos. v , 27) ; as the pillar and ground of tho truth — (1 Tim. iii., 15) ; as founded on Apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ being its chief corner-stone — (Ephos. ii., 20) ; as a kingdom that shall never bo destroyed — (Dan. ii., 44) ; against which the gates of Holl shall not prevail — (St. Matt, xvi., 18) ; and to which from the beginning God has added daily such as are to be saved. (Acts ii., 47.) In other words, if I want true Chris tianity, I must seek it in tho true Christian Church ; and the true Christian Church must be tho original Christian Church ; and tho original Christian Church is that which is Eoman and Catholic. Roman, because its chief imstor has always been bishop of Home, since the day when St. Peter, on whom Christ built his Church— (St. Matt, xvi., Its) — first iixed his See in that city ; and Catholic, because it is uni versal or world- wide in its extent, teaching all nations to observe all things commanded by Christ. Hero, then, is a consideration which alone would suffice to mako me a Catholic. It destroys whole volumes of Protestant objections. You tell me, for instance, that the Church of Bouie, pure in the beginning, in course of time corrupted its doctrine, introduced practises unwarranted by scripturo, and so ceased to be the true Church of Jesus Christ; and hence the liee.l of the ' v'l'.rfi'U* l{-'l--niialii-n,'a!' you call it. But observe the original church, having Christ with it all days, even to the end of the world. St. Matt', xvviii., L'*(,) and the Holy Ghost abiding with it for ever- (St. John xvi,, id; itiiii leading in all its truth (St. John wi,, 13) t I'UllI never lose the purity of its faith. Whoever else might fall, the Church i-ntilil nut apoMJat i/i1. We hnvH d'oil',-, pioliii-e tlmt it whall ft and lot mvi'I1 (Man ii., II) and that ' the wateN,' or power, ul lle|| -hall not prevail it},rahM it. (St, Matt, IK And hum i ii . when Luther, Calvin, Henry V/ll,, an-l llx'ir }oil-nvei« »er-- ?t;ti1iiii; in their mad * an ei, chin'!' tho true leliginii wa.-tlieii in the world, or it wan not, I f it was, they committed griev uus crime* in inn h i n mt |)(|w religioiiH to oppoHH il. l^' il nan not, they wero powerleHH to creiitnit. It takes ii 'Chrint, not a huther, to creMe a Christianity. On either supponit ion, therefore, Protestant inn is not the true religion of Jesus Christ, I'eople talk lioii.seilse wln-11 they (ell you that tin1 doctrines of TranKubstantiatinii, I'urgatory, I'apal Supremacy, and the lil;e, ant corruptions, For first, they are taught in the Mible; and sMcuiidly, they are por t iolis of t he iloct rine of t he ( -ri'jiiuil I'lmtrh; and Hod has given to that Church the comnii.ssion to teach all nations, and there, fore to teach both you and me, what aro corruptions and what aro not. He has given you no commission to teach His Church. Nor did lie give any such com mission to the first Protestant pronohers. The doctrines of the Catholic Church are all scriptural, all holy, and all beautiful. GOVERNESSES, TUTORS, and GENERAL SERVANTS who desire situations should advertise in our Situations Wanted Column. 24 Words for Sixpence, 3, Insertions 1 - 