2* Jteaitd djoimneitte. BY ROYAL BLEND. GOOD alluvial gold has been dis covered in tho Gundagai district of New South Wales. THE Labor candidate for Gregory, Mr. Thomas Hutchinson, is a shearer, and is referred to as & good all round man, Ac COBBING to the agricultural re turns, New Zealand will have a million and a iialf bushels of wheat available for export. STRIKE statistics in France for the year 1895 show 391 strikes and 51,578 strikers, as compared with 631 strikes and 170,123 strikers in the previous year. AMONGST the candidates for the Australian Jockey Club Derby to te run in September next, there are four of the mighty Carbine colts included in the list. As old joke in a new setting: First Barcaldine Elector : " Have you read Kerr's last speech ?" Second Barcaldine Elector (em phatically) : "I hope so, and am almost sure I have." THE worst dressed politician in "Victoria is said to be Premier Turner, while in N. S. Wales tho same authority declares the best dressed members in the Assembly are the labor party. A new department, that of Labor and Agriculture, is said to be one of the inno vations the Nelson Government has up its sleeve, and to be created if they are ngain re ' turned to office. IEEIGATION by means of artesian crater has been proved of great value in tho Bourke district. Crops of sorgham so treated are said to have made the extraordinary growth of lft- in four days. A MAS died in Sydney the other -day worth £15,000. He had neither kith nor kin, and as he was too fervent a worshipper of money to pay a lawyer to prepare his will, the wealth goes to the State. WHAT is a metalsome steed? A racehorse full of blood and fire (with apologies to tho Salvation Army), or a bicycle ? Correct replies, with £1 note enclosed, will receivc the Champion for a year, post free IK referring to Lord Lamington, the last appointed Governor of Queensland, an English paper says he owns a valuable and extensive estate in Lanarkshire, and that his appointment is worth a salary of £5000 a year. THE people at Thursday Island have been making preparations to welcome the new Governor; but as this is the first port of call in Queensland territory, they think the Go vernment should assist them in paying the expenses. Poor Islanders! poor Govern ment !! poor taxpayers !!! FOB the month ending February 29th, 10,525 bags, 740 half bags, and 1601 quarter bags of flour were imported into Bris bane. This would be much more interesting if the importation was by rail from Central Queensland by way of Gladstone ^and West wood, and then from various stations on the Central line. IT is reported that Constable James Ahearne, who has done duty in the police force of Queensland for the past fourteen or fifteen years, and who served about seven or eight years of that time at Aramac, succumbed to an illness in the Brisbane hospital. Tho de ceased constable suffered from an affection of the liver. STILL another Australasian rival is about to enter the field against Queensland as a sugar-producer. In the last session of the Parliament of New Zealand a bill authorising a bonus on the first 10,000 tons of beet sugar was brought in, and narrowly escaped being passed. Jt is to be reintroduced ntxt session, -with v«very prospect of success. THE new Governor heard of the disaster to the Pearl when he reached Colombo, mil at once wired off to the Lieutenant Governor at Brisbane: " Greatly shocked to Jiear of Pearl disaster. Would you kindly let Uie public know of my sympathy." This aeems to me a very thoughtful and kind -action on the part of Lord Lamington. AT the Charters Towers police #aourt, during the hearing of a "language" pease (Bays the local Standard), the complainant **was asked by the solicitor for the defence if he "li.rf not threatened to " tako it out" of his neighbor. Witness; " Yes, and I'd take it out .of you, too." Solicitor: " Oh no, you wouldn't .There's nobody on Charters Towers could do that) I'll promise you. I can run." 'THE Toowoomba Municipal Council, after lone years of wrangle on the subject, have decided at last to purchase a steam roller for the town streets. It is supposed the general election bad something to do with the matter being decided at last, through an being entertained that the machine would make it more difficult to Btir up a great dust -over the contest. " A water-cart would be more aueful for such fe purpose. A. E. GOLDSTEIN, Opal Buyer and! Gem Merchant, C/o Messrs. S Iloffnung & Co., Pitt-street, Sydney. THE rainfall at Cbarleville for the month of February far exceeded, says the local Times, that of the same month for years pre viously. In totalling up the various registered rainfalls during that month it was found that 15.26in. rain had fallen. The nearest approach to this occurred in the year 1890, when 15.05in. fell in February. The month's average this year was the greatest on record for the last fifteen years. IN commenting upon the fact that since Parliament was dissolved no money is being paid out in the shape of member's I salaries, a Krisbano journal says the three months interval between the old cheques and the new would mean a saving of £2700 to the colony in members' salaries alone. There is some irony in the situation. It is very hard that members should be thrown upon the tender mercies of a wicked world without a penny of public money coming in, at the very time when the sinews of war cannot be dis pensed with. FOR some weeks past a large party of aboriginals had been camped at Coorparoo (says a Brisbane paper) eDgagcd in a series of corroborees and other ancient ceremonies. They afterwards changed their situation, and about forty men, women and children camped beside thc'lpswich road. There being a num ber of old people, and the food not being too regular or plentiful, the Colonial Secretary's Department authorised the supply of sufficient bread, flour, tea, sugar, and beef to last the whole party a week. This gave great satisfac tion in the camp, and the Government will receive a solid aboriginal vote. THE Sugar Journal Bays the Central Mill system has so far reformed the sugar industry that less kanakas are now employed and nearly double the quantity of su^ar made. Large estates are now jicopled with small farmers. Those engaged in the industry ask politicians and reformers to leave well alone. They can ask as much as they wish, but it is not likely sucli a hoary old bone of contention as the Kanaka question will be allowed to rest so easily. It docs not matter a red cent, to ttie "reformers" that it is no business of theirs, and interference on their part was never called for. IN such a country as France, where lotteries have been so fashionable, and where I by these means most, if not the whole of the indemnity demanded by Germany after the disastrous war of 1870-71, amounting to 5000 millions of francs, was raised within a few months, it is not surprising that the totalisator should be so popular and so extensively patron ised at the race meetings. The amount in vested in the machine during the Inst racing season in this country was £19,000,000, and as 2 per cent, has to be handed over to the Charities, these benefitted to the extent of £380,000. THEr hare discovered another way in which the bicycle is used ; but it is in. New South Wales this time. The carriers have commenced to ride the machine while driving their teams, and at Gwydir one was observed riding alongside his horses while they slowly pulled a heavy load. It was acknowledged that the pace was so slow that the driver with difficulty retained his seat, as one may suppose, therefore it is not expected the demand for horseflesh will in consequence suffer to any great extent. The bicycle is built for speed, and not to keep alongside a team that never breaks out of a walk. N.S.W. should have produced a better yarn than that. A GENEKAL election materially alters | t\\\a personnel of the Legislative Assembly, says the Toowoomba Chroniclc, but seldom in tne history of Queensland have Queenslanders seen their best men retire before nomination day. The last general election resulted in the return of 32 new members. Now we iiave one twelfth of the late Assembly already retired, and one-twelfth of the best "and most capable i men in the House : Messrs. Archer, Morehead, Allan, Barlow, Stevens, Morgan. These were I men who took leading parts in the debates of the House, and men who were listened to with attention, and their opinions respected. I | notice that Mr. Powers' name is not mentioned. THINGS have not, apparently, been very prosperous at Gulgong, N.S.Wales, lately, , for the local Municipal Council gave up the ghost, and its decease was announced in tho local Press in these words " Sacred to the ' memory of the Gulgong Municipal Council, which "departed this life on nomination day, February 4th, Anno, 1896, aged about 17 years and thrco months, after a severe attack of public apathy, bad rates, and bank overdrafts. Stranger, let them It.I.P. In the midBt of life we are in debt. Pause not, nor wonder why dead men sleep so sound, when ratepayers fold their arms and say, let us rest, for the day cometh when no man shall bo respected who | worketh for the interest of his town, and the j I advancement of his fellow men." THE following interesting item ap peared in the Cairns Post, and if one Irish family contains so many policemen, it is not surprising that so many of " the boys in blue " hail from the Emerald IsleIn illustration of the tendency of certain families to any given sort of work, the family of Constable Conway, of CairnB, will take some beating. He lias eight brothers in all. Seven of these belong j I to the Royal Irish Constabulary in Ireland, but the eighth refused to join, and came out to I Queensland, where, after a few months, he joined the local police, and is now stationed at Pentland. Nine policemen in one family is not too bad a record, when one comes to con sider the chances of such a thine occurring. In fact wo feel sure that this Is a world's record." THESE passed through Cunnamulla the other day two English tourists, who were bound to Bourke and thence to Sydney. The usual hospitalities were extended to them at Cunnamulla, and thiB served to extract the aame old gag: They expressed surprise at the richness of the country, which is now a verit able wheat field, and opined that if the British farmers could be brought to realise the favor able conditions prevailing there, many would come out and settle on the land. IK an article descriptive of foreign cattle and beef, it is stated that there is some thing peculiar about the beef of Mexican cattle. From the six montliB calf to the three-year-old cow or steer, the meat is tender. Between the ages of three and seven years the meat is tough. After the seventh year the beef begins to grow tender again, ana an animal of four teen years furnishes the best eating of all. The Mexican butcher has methods peculiarly his own. He cuts all the meat from the bones, and in very thin strips. When Europeans first went into the country in considerable numbers, they found great difficulty in getting either steaks or roasts. Now, however, the native butchers supply meat as desired for their European trade, and continue to sell strips to the Mexican customers. THE matter of wheat growing in Central Queensland received attention at the hands of "Agricola," in last issue of tht> People's Aretrspaper, and he seems to think that if a mill was first erected there would be plenty of farmers willing to come and grow material to provide employment for it. He says there has been a lot of talk about wheat growing in Central Queensland, as though it were a doubtful point, but it has been settled for more than twenty years. Plenty of farmers everywhere know that wheat will grow to per fection, for they have grown it; what they are waiting for is a mill that will take it from them afterwards. It will not pay farmers to grow wheat that will have to be trucked a long way by rail, for it would all be eaten up by the expenses incurred in transit. There needs to be a central mill available for the crop. Government should provide central mills for the struggling wheat-growers, as they have done for the cane-growers. ANY time for the last twenty Tears or more plenty of farmers have known that they could grow wheat right enough; but they have also known right enough too that they could not utilise it to profit in any way what ever. It makes one smile to see an agitation started and fostered on an entirely false issue. If mills were within the reach of farmers and landowners out west in Central Queensland, it would be an easy matter to grow any amount of good wheat for them. There has been great cry but little else in the matter of providing flour mills in Central Queensland ; and it looks as though if mills are not provided in some way by the Stato, that we stand a very poor chance of getting them at all. Pro vide mills and wheat would soon be forthcom ing in any quantity. WHILE addressing the electors of Murilla the other day, Mr. Nelson provided some material for Mr. Cross to speak about, if only he bad wanted it, by referring to the State bank notion. The idea does not seem such a splendid one to Mr. Nelson as it is to Mr. Cross, for he said that in regard to the State Bank, it looked a simple thing to do to borrow at 3£ per cent, and lend out again at 5 per cent. It was impossible to run a State Bank in connection with politics. He would not ds it himself, and he would not trust anyone else to do it. It was quite impractic able under present conditions, and would lead to political corruption. If the whole of the people connected with an industry were to do as the sugar farmers, and co-operate, it might be done, and not otherwise. Something had been done in the same way in Prussia, and lie was told successfully. There was no reason why it should not be done here, but he found there was no great desire for co-operation." A BRISBANE view of Mr. Cross, M.L.A., who can take his ease in his arm chair and study up some more convincing arguments in support of his hobby-a State bank-without troubling himself about stump ing his electorate and making speeches, owing to Clermont having good-naturedly returned him to Parliament unopposed" The Cler mont people, or some of tnem it really appears, want Mr. Cross again, and express a hope that j some of these days a Parliament will be found enlightened enough to adopt that great man's financial nostrums. The Parliament will have to be as enlightened as the Clermonters them selves first, and to become this must put in many years fossicking about old and isolated diggings. Such a Parliament is clearly an impossibility." In connection with Cross' walk-over, this lucky candidate comprised the Parliament of Queensland solely in the inter ests of labor for 24 hours, until Cowley wrested the honor from him by following suit for the Herbert next day. A MOBT interesting and beautifully printed periodical, handed to me to examine, is Dalgety's Monthly Review for March. It is crammed full of useful information for station people, and for farmers there is a valuable illustrated article descriptive of agriculture in California by modern methods. This should be read by everybody thinking of growing wheat on the western plains, as it fully de scribes the way in which large areas are culti vated, and the machinery used. It is well understood that to make wheat growing pay in Central Queensland large areas would have to be cultivated with the most modern labor saving machinery, and in California this is carried out to perfection. One illustration is of a wheat field with 24ft combined harvester, drawn by 24 mules, which not only reaps the grain, but bags it nadyfor market while the machine is in motion. The width of the cut of the combined harvester varieB from 12ft. to 24ft, the sice most in favor being lBft. The price at the factoiy, within about 60 miles of San Francisco, is equal to £31210s. A LONDON firm liave donated a cup to tho Townsville Pastoral Association as a prize at the next show for the best pen of bullocks suitable for export in a frozen state. WHEN the Southern and WeBtern line was being constructed from Dalby to Roma, there was much fever raging among the men employed at a place called "The Baking Board," in fact, a man died, so it is said, for every sleeper on the Baking Board section. At this place there was a chemist who was de scribed as having been one of the kindest, roost courteous, and self-denying of men; he went among the sick navvies like one of the greatest heroes of the Red Cross. Night or aay, wet or sunshine, the good Samaritan was always ready to attend the fever patients. Money or no money, medicine was always supplied by him. And yet it is said this chemist was the T. M. Sheridan who died in Sydney tho other day by order of the law. DUBING the past week the people of Barcaldine have been contrasting the election eering printing done in Barcaldine for Mr. John Cameron's committee, and that executed in Rockhampton (in order to save a few shil lings) for Mr, George Kerr's committee. (On Kerr's committee there are business men who would think it very wrong if residents got their bread from Chinese on the ground that it is better, or procured goods from Rockhamp ton because they are cheaper.) The general verdict was that they were a very shabby lot (the circulars and posters procured from Rock hoinpton I mean, of course) compared with Mr. Cameron's. This is not the first time that men connected with Mr. Kerr's party have practised themselves what they very quickly preach against when performed by others who have not been converted by the nay hell heff. Business people should carefully note that what Mr. Cameron spends over tus printing is circulated among themselves, while what the other side spends goes to Rockhampton. It is hardly necessary to point out to those who have their iieads screwed on right that it is not the trifling financial part of the matter I have been referring to, but the principle of the thing. IT is really commencing to look as if those who were rejoicing with an exceedingly great joy over the apparent fact that the long continued drought was broken up when the rain set in, were a great deal too previous, for when eacli day in March is regularly reeled off, dry as the previous one, until it is half passed through, the prospects for tho future arc not so bright as February foreshadowed. If the other eleven months of the year were dry, March usually shaped well. Windorali and district I seems to be still anxiously looking for the rain, and it could very well have done with a dozen inches of the large number that were wasted in Rockhampton. At Barcaldine the roads are as dry and dusty as they were in January, and some of the residents are again crying out for rain. The rain that fell in February must have been, after all, merely a series of thunder storms that fortunately collected together, the usual steady and general rain not having yet set in. They served to make the country look beautifully green in honor of St. Patrick, but if more rain does not set in again soon tho grass will not be enabled to recover from the ravages of insects and the hot, dry sun, and the country will soon fall back to its dreary, brown-looking condition. IF you want to get rich the best way is to go to Western Australia, but not with money in your pocket Tho most fortu nate there appears to be thoso who stow them selves away on the steamers and land without even tho proverbial half-crown. A number of western Queensland residents subscribed money to send prospectors to the land of bright promise and big mines, only to receive in re turn letters of discouragement full of com plaints about the wretched country, the star ving gold-seekers, and tho scarcity of the precious metal. But there was a man who was originally in the German navy. He was taken ill in Sydney, and for some months was an inmate of the hospital. When he came out lie shipped in one of the steamship company's boats as an A.B., served before the mast for a few months, and then left his employment. Becoming " hard up," he stowed away in the steamer Adelaide, bound for Western Australia, 18 months ago, and landed at Freemantle with 7s. in his possession. He made his way to the Coolgardic goldfields, where he was successful in his search for reefs, and recently sold one claim to an English syndicate for £25,000. He has another under offer for £18,000. IN one of the London penny maga zines, dated January 25th, appears a brief biography of Queensland's new Governor, Lord Lamington, who was not then 36 years of age. The paper says that Queensland is a vigorous, a highly prosperous, and a decidedly go-ahead colony (for which compliments many thanksand it iB fitting that it should have ! a youthful and energetic Governor at its head. Further on is published some information which is certainty new to mo, especially the portion I have marked in italics:-" It is in teresting nt the present time, in view of the unsettled state of our foreign politics, to note the Bteps which have been taken for the defence of this wealthy colony. Under an Act of Parliament passed in 1884- a force of about 3000 men are at present enrolled. Besides these, however, every male above 18 and under 60 helps to form one of four lines of' Retcrves,' according to his age, and whether he is married or not, and is liable to military service if required. The marine defences include a bat tery at Lytton, commanding the entrance to the Brisbane River, and some torpedo works. The colony possesses in addition a torpedo boat, two gun-boats, and a picket- boat (there is tio mention of the Lucinda, occasionally used for taking " great guns" down to the bay to clear them out); there are also five Naval Reserve Corps." The article winds up with the words" Already it is being stated that Lord Lamington is extremely popular in the colony," which iB a plunge into the future con sidering His Exoellency had not arrived even in Uie middle of March. THE following is extracted from Mr. Daniels' speech recently delivered at Cam booya, and it seems to me that there is some thing to admire about it:-" I throw this chal lenge, I hare done all I said I would do; I have done everything any elector asked me to do ; 1 defy anyone to say he wrote to me to ask me to do anything and I did not do it. I have done everything I said I would do; . everything I was asked to do, and I don't know any more I could do. If some people wanted something done, and were so infernally stupid as not to ask for it, how was I to know. They ought to know it was their duty to write to ask me to do it." ONE of the stock terms of reproach bestowed upon them by opponents of the NelBon Government, is mat they are a " Brig bane" or a " Queen-street" Government, which either means that the members of the Ministiy are residents of the city, or that they legislate chiefly for that city's benefit. "Are they rogues or fools ?" asks an acquaintance, " who persist in libelling the present Government by thus referring to them P" The Government cannot be called a "Brisbane" or "Queen street" one on account of representing Brisbane electorates, for such a statement would not stand analysing. It is very easy to mention the members of the Government in connection with their electoral districts, and it will be seen that they were well scattered over the colony. Mr. Nelson, the Premier, represented Murilla; Mr. Byrnes, Cairns; Mr. Dalrymple, Mackay; Mr. Tozer, Wide Bay; Mr. Philp, Townsville; and Mr. Barlow, Ipswich. The Postmaster-General (Thynne, who sits in the Council), is a resident of Brisbane. As if this was not enough to prove carpets as perverters of the truth, there is Mr. Cowley (Herbert), the Speaker, and Mr. Annear (Maryborough), Chairman of Committee. Of course this refers to the Parliament before dissolution. THE Toowoomba labor paper has decidcd how the general election is to end, and tells those who want to know that about 24 of the Labor candidates will be returned by the time the election is over. The present crowd will stick; the only seats in danger being Toowong and Gympie. If the worst comes to the worst, these caB be balanced by Woolloon gabba and Carnarvon. Then in the South there's a show for Dalby, Murilla, Fassifern, and Toowoomba. In tlio Central, Bun daberg, Burnett, Rockhampton, Fltzroy, Balonne, and Mitchell may be regarded as certainties, while VVarrcgo and MuBgrave may be classed aB probables. In the North, Carpen taria and Cook are certainties, and Townsville and Cairns probables. We think a couple of dozen seats will be the minimum." What I wish to particularly point out is that while saying the present crowd will stick, the Barcoo electorate does not appear in the list of names; perhaps " Balonne" has been shifted into the Central district ? I hope Mr. Eerr will not be offended at his electorate being ignored. If he had not done enough in the House to cause even a Labor paper to remember his name and electorates, he has only himself to blame for remaining so much in the shade while the " suns" were shining in the House. SINCE the Queensland Punch ceased publication the colony has been without a pro fessed humorous periodical. The Government Gazette is supposed to be one of the driest papers ever produced with the assistance of Snnter's ink; but it seems to be inclined to ccome a long-felt want in the shape of a lively journal. It is quite possible to find some amusing reading in its bulky pages of legal phrases and Government ads, but like prospect ing for gold it requires a lot of searching for and digging out from its very uninteresting sur roundings. The other day a supplement to the Gazette was published Containing certain matters concerning the Laud Forces. Among them I find it noticed fot general information that when a soldier ridek past an officer on a bicycle he must Balute by decreasing liiB pace, sitting up at attention as far as possible, and turning his head and eye? towards the officer as he passes. After enjonng a laugh at this it is time to wonder how the bicycle is likely to behave under such circumstances. I think the regulations should have allowed the rider to keep one eye on the officer and the other on the wheel, and included the words "every care taken but no responsibility" in case the soldier should become cross-eyed and expect to obtain damages. CONTINUING upfon this subject, it would be interesting to watch the unfortunate colonial Tommy Atkins endeavoring to Bit up at attention, and while decreasing the pace, observe his heroic, struggles to keep the machine upright. Then there is an indication of great economy exercised in the supplying of stationery to outsido districts, for Sergeant Instructors of the/Permanent Staff are autho rised to forward requisitions to the Assistant Adjutant-General, on January 1st and July 1st in each year for stationery, pocket-book, and blank forms. Observe that a Sergeant-In structor is only, to apply for a pocket-book not pocket books. / But the most amusing item of all comes in connection with the following: "The OfficerGommandinp " A" Battery, Per manent Forca, is authorised to write off the following shortages in connection with the Battery Storfes, as specified in Audit Report dated 9th December, 189SClothing stores 2 Colonial iFalli asses, 1 Toothbrush. Tray, 7 Helmet Rosettes, 1 Helmet Chain."/ Time is nothing like red-tape in a Government Deport ment for /taking care of stores, an A doubtless everybody remembers the anecdote about . certain army officer requiring ap extra lead pencil, and after applying in the proper quarter, about twenty forms had to be filled in, all Pcounter-signed by numerous big tfs, before the pencil was handed at three montis time. Hits is I right and proper, but still one imiuDg over alt those words lead ?e fact that <pe toothbrush tray glen or straytfU that all hope ed of ever r^xwering the mining sa it wss o»nered to be " written ia the ctir wen troublesom* one _ 