|[&s; St0rateH®r+ ^ ' Cj * II CUPID'S IET. By the Author of ' The Romance of . Pour Lives,' &c.; CHAPTER III. A SHATTERED IDOL. ' Many suns ariso and set, Many a chance the years beget.' 'But what is the story ?' persisted the other, with a pleading glance from her great violet eyes. ' This- is just tho night for auch a legend. Will you not relate it?' 'I think Pve heard it,' said .Olive , Buxton, between the puffs of his cigarette. 'It runs something after this fashion — it A on nn/iAafMao A UUUU1CU JOIUC «5-/, i»u of Lady Norali's w»9 in the habit of meeting her penniless lover — some sort of upper servant in her father's household — in the armour room, as the clock was on the stroke of one. Of course, they were at length discovered by the haughty sire, whose just indignation gave such good play to his sword, that without any ado he stabbed the unfor tunate menial through the heart. What followed .was dramatic, and, of course, closely followed certain rules set down for the summing up of this entertain ment — I mean legend — of the Middle Ages, namely, this : that on seeing her plebeian lover stretched lifeless and gory at her feet, his hapless ladylove uttered a wjld, wailing cry, and drawing tbe sword from his reeking wound, plunged it into her own heart, ; This happened on Christmas Eve, and it is said that ever after, when this festive draws round, the wraith of the Lady Norah is to be seen stealing along theNorth Wing, through the portrait gallery, to the armour chamber, where, as of old, her lover awaits her.' 'A romantic legend, indeed! So many thnnks,' Mrs. Mainwarring said, when ho bad finished. ' But there is one thing you have forgotten — to we poor women tho most interesting ef all — his fair ladylove's persooal appearance and her gown. But that would be white, of course,' she went on, before ho . could reply ; ' something like this, I imagine ?'— touching the soft pongee silk dress of the girl at ber side. ' This is just the sort of gown for a ghost, soft and clinging, with just tusuupgonot the old world in shape and make. And how brightly this passementerie front of cry stal beads glitters in the moonlight. Te'.I me, your Grace, would you not re cognise this sweet gown anywhere ?' ' It is most uncommon, if. one is per mitted; to say so,' put in Maurice Dubray, who had til' then been absorbed in his cigarette. At that moment the moon was hidden behind a cloud, and a fierce gust of wind came swaying down the terrace, followed by a long-drawn wail, dying away into a sobbing moan, as of a soul in mortal pain. All started and shivered involun tarily. ' What is that ? ' cried the three guests, simultaneously. ' If you enjoy legends, then, you may find another,' answered Norah Cress well, quietly, though her face was a trifle pale. ' That mournful cry is said to be the voice of the Castle's banshee, and never heard except when a terrible ' tragedy is about to be enacted at the Castle.' ' But, good Heavens ! you surely don't believe it ? ' cried Olive, with a loud burst of laughter. 'I believe it about as much as I believe the legend of the ghostly lady, whom none of us have ever seen, and, if we do, we may be pretty sure she hails from the abode of the domestics, not the dead.' ' Poor domestics ! ' echoed the widow, playing carelessly with the brace let on her wrist. 'I suppose it does not strike you, my dear Duke, that any person sevetal grades higher might have some good reason for personating tbe wraith of the loDg-dead Norah Cress well and haunting the armour cham ber ? ' She looked up, inquiringly, then let her glance fall first on Lady Norah Cresswell, then on Dubray. A sensation akin to an electric shock shot through tho young nobleman's breast as he remarked her significant glance. Then he turned and looked earnestly at Lady Norah. She was! gazing absently out to sea. He turned from her to Dubray, who, catching his eye, gave a faint start and forced smile, and, turning abruptly on bis heel, strolled off down the torrace. When he again met tho widow's eyes she tbo smiled, nodded her head shyly, and put one slender gloved finger to her lips. The next minute she broke into a langb. ' What folly we aro talking ! Let us make an end of it by returning to tho house. Your Grace must repeat your story, for this sweet ehild is quiet, pale, and actually shivering — No, it is not with cold, it is too mild a night. And as for Mr' Dubray, he makes no attempt to conceal his disgust. Dabrny, won't you give your arm to Lady Norah ? I will stay just a few minutes longor, and keep the duke company while he finishes his cigarette.' Then when thoy had gone within — ?' What is tho mottor, your Grace 7 Why do you look at me so sharply ?'. she queried, plaintively, loaning against the stone pillar of the balustrade, and looking up into his gloomy face, with great pathetic eyes. ' What do you mean by your signifi cant looks to-night 7' he answered shortly. ' I don't know what you mean. I never gave any — ' she began. ' Yes, you did,' he said bluntly, ' Tben, if I did, I infost have had good reason,' she retorted, pettishly. One cannot always conceal ono's knowledge, your Grace.' ' ponceal ono's knowledge !' he echoed, and caught the stone coping and leaned heavily upon it, ' For Heaven's sake ! explain yourself Mrs Mainwar ring.' ' No, no, don't ask me ! ' she cried, with an imploring gesture. ' I have already said to much. But make some excuse ; Norah is so young, Dubray so handsome, so clever, and it is hard that because s man is unsuccessful a woman may not love him — at least, secretly. ' The young Duke's boyish face went quite white in the moonlight. ' I dnn't believe it, and I won't believe it,' he cried, fiercely. . The widow's eyes flashed under their long lashes. '? Pray do not without proof, it would be too cruel,' she answered, sweetly, gathering up her satin train, and mov ing towards the window. ' But ' — she threw the words' over her shoulder as sho went in—' proof requires ^ courage, and the armonr room at ono o'clock to- night will not be a very cheerful nendezvous for a mere speotaror.' ' Stay,' ho cried. But she was gone, and, dropping his arms on the stono coping, he lanid his head down on them. So sho was like the rest, this girl whom hr had loved for pver a year, and all her pretended pleasure of his society was but to conceal her clandestine at tachment for ano her man... She was not the frank free-hearted Irish lass of his sleepins and waking dream. Yet, thank Heaven, ho knew tho truth at any rate ; now let her go to her plebian lover ; as for himself he would forget her. (To be Continued .) You can't beat Colemane and Sons Special Oil or Rheumatism.* 