Sport and Travel. Duck Shooting at Eliangowan. From where King's Creek falls into the condamine, up towards West Talgai, to where the Eagle's Nest lagoons branch off from the river, down towards Stratham, ten miles, to when 1 Thane's Creek loses itself in a swaanp, thence up its banks to the Talgai ridges, is a vast alluvial Hal. cut up and torn with gullies and watercourses, biliabongs, and lagoons, some ol' them holes fifty yards long or so, and half as many broad, sheltered with river oaks, closed in with reeds and sedge-grass, quiet and re tired. Others sheets of water from a quarter to two miles long, and from one 'hundred to two hundred yards broad, with a depth sufficient to float a man-of-war ; banks fringed with gum trees, which cast their long gaunt, arms over them, their reflections thrown out clean and clear from the pellucid waters at their feet, leading one to think there was another heaven, and. other forest giants lying in their depths. A rich beautiful valley oE land; in places re minding one of an American savannah ; in others, where a stretch of lucerne lies green and verdant, dark and rich look ing, like an English meadow ; in others again, where the sward is close, soft, and velvety, land as level as a bowling green, witih clumps of apple tiiees aiijd open spaces, sheets of water like minia ture lakes, and an island witfh a grove *f eucalyptus- growing in its centre —thjs reminds one" of an English park, only it is entirely Nature's own handiwork, a-ijtl she lias been lavish and bountiful here, • -Such is the Ellangowan Valley, ami this is the ihome of the duck and all his kindred. Here there are waterfowl of all descriptions—cranes of every variety, from the native companion to the beautiful white spotless spoonbill ; wild geese, water liens, and waders of all •sorts ; pelicans sailing up and down, big lumbering tilings, like a Dutch lug ger ; swans, beautiful and graceful, gliding on like so many trim yachts, fearless and not afraid of man, as if they knew Government had passed a decree warning hini from interfering witfh them ; plovers and divers of all sorts, from the ordinary shag to the beautiful, graceful crested grebe. All these are here and more, if 1 could only remember them and not tire the reader with the enumerating. And last and •principal of all, there are ducks in hun dreds, ay thousands ; black duck, wid geon, teal, whistler, shovel-bill, a beau tifully-marked, crested little fellow, plump, too, when you have it in hand ; also the pretty little solan goose, wild and wary, perched about here and there on the trees along the water's edge, a-s if always on the alert for danger. I don't like him. his eye is too keen, and he too often warns the big mob 'in the W4t terhole beneath him of your approach with his hoarse cry ; no matter how careful in stalking you may be you have to be a very old sportsman to circum vent .him. All these and more were there, and I and my chum were among them, right in the midst of them, here stalking a hole with some scores of black ducks pad dLing in its depths, rippling the surface •as they breasted the stream, disturbed by our rustling in the reeds as we drew in on them, rising with a frightened cry, leaving some of their mates behind, as they fell to our breechloaders with a splash in the waters, speaking well of their weight and plumpness. Anon a frightened teal, singled out from his. J-ellpws, cleaves the air past us ; a quick shouldering of guns, a crack, and he is numbered with his kind' in the game bag. Oil ! the excitement of It as we gathered them in by one's and two's ; and they do take .some snooting as they "nine, down, the wind rushing past with che swiftness of meteors. : \- Away up above Eagle's Nest, on to wards Talgai, nestling in -under : the ridges, lies the best hole hi the district. Sheltered with lofty banks, fringed round with oak and apple*trees, its wat-. era-sparkling in the sunlight, rippling with the gentle breeze, its whole bosom covered with wild fowl, ducks of all descriptions-nay, and a thousand or more of them. How our hearts throbbed and our blood tingled and" raced through our veins again, as we first sighted them. Back from the. bank we, drew after marking in the' 'best place to stalk them. Just by a river oak, on a clear shelving 1 bank, basking in the. sun, were some hundreds of "whistlers." These we had mai'ked down, and we could count every pulsation as nearer and nearer we drew on to them. Even the old dog seemed to -share the excitement; from close to heel,,as we crawled on, he crept up until his hose'touched my elbow..- In answer to my scolding look he crouched and faintly whimpered, and then, shook as if with the ague. And so on and on until we were within eighty yards of them ; then a harsh grating cry from a tree overhead, a noise like thunder as a thousand pairs of wings rushed into the air. Then-there wasi shooting,. but few fell at our first volley. A 'Tush to the bank and continuous banging, as' they wirigied their way, up and down until ourigurrs were too hot to continue. Soon it was over, and Don was kept busy re trieying them.for the next half nour. Poor old dog ! lie stuck "to it gamely, though ice cold was the 'water. He was shaking badly enough as we counted up the game, but it was not .with excite ment. "Ten of them ; ought to liave been more," is my chum's comment. " Bad sliooting ;" and he volubly cursed that old ■ cockatoo, whose screech 'had prevented us from getting fifty yards nearer befoi'e we alarmed them. It was now near}y sundown, and we had four miles to walk, eighteen head of game and our guns to carry, before we could reach Eagle's Nest, where we had yarded our horses. Long and weary was our tra.mp, and heavier and he.ay.ler. seemed our burden as we drew hear our;4estination,-now lying sombre and solemn": in the moonlight. Well do I remember old Eagle's Nest in the days gone by. A big. comfortable house, with garden, and .'vineyard,: * orchard . '. and shade, trees ,surrpund_irig-'it, with -the lawn-lake flat -anti-.miniat'ure ■ lake In front, and>the big d|ep:lagoon at back of it. Then' ■ its .wdlp^sedAto resound with yoijthfuV laug^fer; and the big gum trees to";eeh6 bacic-the spng of ■the young people as' they rowed the old boat up and dowir the gljstening waters. Then all was light and life, fun and mciv riment; now all is changed. Its former owners gone to their long home, and the house fallen a prey. to,.the fire-king. Only the yards and the straggling sheds and outbuildings lefit, :'it^ looks weird and depressing iii tile'1 moonlight. Charred ruins, paths..bordered by dark funereal privet and cypress ; pines blasted by the fire fling out their arms like blackened skeletons, gaunt and ghost-like. We stopped under the wil low tree, and as the ba^s flew round us, and the swishing of wings of night •birds was heard as they flew past us up and down the lagoon, it needed not a very lively imagination to people the old place with spirits of the past. The blood-curdling.- cry of the stoneplbver, and the solemn note of the mopoke lent coloiir>t6 the thought, and my chum's . . .%•"■■■ remark, that he be.lieved tiles olctplace was Mitnted strange^ agreed-with the wild, fancies, coursing through- my own braiii. it. was with.ja sigh of relief that we left the place, and', it was'iiofr until we had mounted our horses and liad liad a long swig at'the ißask : that:'we re covered tlie iise'-qf-, our tongues,' and cast off the depressing. effects of the sceue. And so 611 ajidhome; and then, the enjoj'inent, as dinner over, pipes lit; our glasses charged wit-lf, " pountdii; dew"—sweet iiectar fit for the gods— aromu), flje pln'zjtig . fli'e, heaped high witli logs, we sliot the day. over again,- and enjoyed that happy, contented feel ling "[which a.sportsman only knows after a long tramp and a good day's shooting. W. H. P. A Becent Brisbane Redding. ;.w :' . .'; : . Nansen's Ship, the Fram, Abandoned in thb Akotic Ocean. Thb LiTB Sib John Millais, P.R.A. 