THE TURF. RACING NOTES. [By 'Mentor.'] With anything like good weather to-day the Adelaide Racing Club should have a bumper attendance on the Old Course to in augurate the new season's racing and their Grand National meeting. Everything about the place is now in excellent order, and no doubt public interest will display itself, both in the attendance and the totalizator Teturns. The first raco is placed on the card to start' at) half -past 1 o'clock. For the Welter Handicap there are 22 ac ceptors, with Danbydale at the head of the list, 9 st. 10 lb. It is some time sinoe he bad a win, but it must not be forgotten that he won a welter race over this distance on the Old Course. Next comes Pitchery, 9 st 7 lb., who won a race last May, but has not been to the front since. Trout, 9 st. 5 lb., is also engaged in the Buxton Handicap, and will run well in one of these events. First Bolt, 9 st 5 lb. , has been up at Mount Gambier in charge of H. Hopwood lately, and ran up there as a winner a short time ago. He did. not perform extra well, however. As his work has not been seen down here it is hard to judge his form, but on one or two of his victories m the Adelaide district he ought to have a chance in this race. Happy Jack, 9 st., will need to show more brilliant form than he has up to the present. Staffa, 8 st. 11 lb., has also a second engagement in the Lightning Handicap. De la volta, 8 st. 9 lb., would be more at home on a shorter course. ' Moid pa, 8 £t, 7 lb., on track performances and country form should have a chance over this distance. Supposition, 8 st. 7 lb., is engaged in the Buxton Handicap with nearly 2 Bt. less, and for which ever race her connections fancy her she should be hard to beat. Nackara, 8 st. 6 lb., has been a disappointment to his backers since he won the New Year's Gift. Fair Saxon, 8 st. 6 lb., is also booked for the Lightning Handicap, and _ on her second to Kase should have a show in which ever race she is backed for. Conscript, 8 st. 4 lb., has been going to win several times, but has not done so yet. Rosedtile, 8 st. 3 lb., should run well. Clytemnestra, 8 st. 2 lb., we do not care for, although she is trained in the same stable as Supposition. Snowdrift, 8 st. 2 lb., is outclassed here. Of the seven horsea in the 8 st. division probably First Master will be found to be the best. V/e give our vote for PITCHERY or MOMPA to win, with Supposition and First Bolt for places, whilst Trout with a start should have a chance. In the Grand National Hurdles Black Flag,1 12 st. 31b., deservedly holds the pride of place. He had several successes to his credit before the Grand National Hurdle Race in Victoria, for which event he was backed down to 6 to 1, his last win being at Williamstown, with 11 st. 2 lb., over one and three-quarter miles— time, 3 min. 27 sec. — Zourofi being second, with 9 st 10 lb., and Woonoke, 11 at. 6 lb., third. He has not done much since the National, and probably the spell will do him good. Radiant, 11 st. 7 lb., started winning at Gawler, and followed it up at the S.A.J.C. and Port Adelaide meetings. But the cattle he has to meet this time are far superior to the competitors in those events. Jack Sprat, 11 st. 4 lb., we have a preference for, as tlie going will suit him and he has proved himself a good horse. Ensign, 10 st. 11 lb.. we hardly think is ready. Con ventioner, 10 st. 111b,, showed good 'form at Tattersall's meeting, winning with 9 Bt. 12 lb. froto Gaillardia, 9 st. 2 lb.; Gipsy Queen, 9 st. 71b., third. He has gone up 13- lb. for that victory. Floodbird, 10 st. 7 lb., should have won the race when Havelock beat him and on several occasions has run into a place over a distance. Nalpa, 10 st., is in the same stable as Baccarat and if the master fancies either of them they should run well The Golden Sing, 9 st 8 lb., was going very well in the Tattersall's Hurdle Race when he stumbled and nearly came down. He jumps very well and has plenty of pace. Of the remaining quartet Encounter, 9 st. 6 lb. ; Isinglass. 9 st. 61b.; The Goose, 9st. 31b.; and Bombastic, 9 st., the latter appears to be the best. In giving a cast for the winner we must name BLACK FLAG, with Oonven tioneb, Jaok Sprat, and Golden King for the places. The following are the probable starters and riders : — Black Flag, 12 st. 2 lb. (F. Wise) ; Radiant, list. 7 lb. (T. Curtin); Jack Sprat, 11 st 41b. (J. McGowan) ; Ensign, 10 si. 11 lb. (J. Beveridge) ; Couventioner, 10 st. 11 lb. (Thompson) ; Floodbird, 10 st. 7 lb. (F. Barr); Havelock, 10 st. 7 lb.(P. Deveney); Nalpa, 10 st. (S. Ferry); The Golden King, 9st 81b. (H. Hiscutt); En counter, 9 st. 6 lb. (Gebhert) ; Isinglass, 9 st. 6 lb. (L. Pile); The Goose, 9 Bt. 3 lb. (J. O'Toole); Baccarat, 9st 31b. (Williamson); Bombastic, 9 st. (Burns). The Fulham Park Plate, three and a half furlongs, nokt claims attention as the first of the two-year-old races of our season. This race has been liberally endowed from the time of its first inception by the late Mr. William Bladder. The club have this year made the Btake worth 300 so vs., the second horse getting a fair stake out of it (70 so vs.), and the third 30 so vs., which appears to be a wise division of the money. Including one from Melbourne there are 10 entries, but we have heard nothing of Bon Mot being likely to come over. At the head of the list we ' find Mr. J. Reed's Selection, so named because his owner selected the youngster from the ring at Newmarket. She is by Robinson Crusoe— Tragedy, and a very nice looking brown filly of the Quality stamp, and we hear is doing very well with Day at Loskleys. Mr. Blackler's Rose Park, a eister to Marryatville, is in the hands of Quinn, and therefore well cared for. Security, by Pad lock — Queen Eliza, was bought in Melbourne, and is doing remarkably well on the track. Mr. David James has a couple in, namely Talisien, by Nautilus — Ursula, and Lord Salisbury, by Thunderbolt — Pantoune — the latter a very fine -looking colt. Mr. Pilkington is represented by Hoppa who may be heard of Iato_ ^^,.^1^61 Smithereens, by Enfila&^lltaBipl^lb'igi ported WT» ^^^^^^^^ Firelock, ty Enfilade— Rustle, is anicecoltv ???' -*1 but uMortunately hurt one of hia lega when , v*ra« be fell this week at a trial of the startinjs *i*l machine. The injury, though Blight, inter- - ^f fered with fais work a bit . T. Kiely'fl -if Respond, by Richmond— Encore, comes of ' jfe a good family, but may not be bo forward as ^ some of the others. From what ire have seen '* of the work and condition of the contestants ' -?, we think Quinn will add another Fulham ' ? Pork Plate to bis credit with SECURITY, - --, whilst Lord Salisburt and Talisien ehoula make a fight for the positions. The Lightning Handicap follows, of bis furlongs, for which there are 15 candidates, and for this event we like best the chances of ' DIADEM, Nomadic, Princkss of Wales, and Fats Saxon as named; The Selling Steeple comes next, and as RORKE'S DRIFT is left in the race with a start he should win from Juuet and Wood field. ,» The Buxton Handicap concludes the day's - programme, and this event, over a mile and a „ 4 quarter, should be won by VIKING, with : Quinn's Best and Kibkbi for the positions. In the local betting market on Thursday 75 to 25 was laid straight out about Black Flag for the Grand National Hurdle Race on Satur day, also 40 to 10 Conventioner, In doubles 500 to 12| was laid Black Flag and All Fours, 200 to 4 Conventioner and Young Lucifer, 200 to 2 Nalpa and Sir George. 100 to 1 Conven tioner and Taradale, Ensign and The Ghost 100 to 1* Conventioner and Juliet, Conven tioner and Doric, and 100 to 2 Jack Sprat and Rorke's Drift. The fractions at tbe last S.A. Tattersall'a race meeting have been allotted to the follow ing institutions:— The distressed and disabled jockeys' fund, £10 10s.; the House of Mercy, Walkerville, £2 2s.; the Children's Hospital, £3 3s.; St, Margaret's Convalescent Home, Semaphore, and the Home for Incurables, £2 2s. each ; the Home of Providence, Franklin- street, £1 Is. 3d.; total, £21 0s. 3d. A coursing meeting will be held at Penola» on tho Yallum Estate, on Wednesday, Sep tember 2, for all ages, unlimited. The Spring meeting of the Millicent Raco Club will take place on Wednesday, September 23\. The principal event is a Welter Handicap. Mr. James Redfears, the owner of Malvolio and Ascot Yale, intends starting a stud farm - in the Goulburn River district The Tasmanian jumper Hero, won the :: Hurdle Race at Aspendale rather easily on Tuesday. Halifax, the favorite, broke a .: blood-vessel in the race and could get no nearer than third. ?: The Chainshot colt Bombshell is now on '?:' his way to England, 1,000 guineas having been given for him. Ho was the crack two- ; year-old in New Zealand last season. Bomb shell's sire, Chainshot, is already in Eng land. Mr. Agar Wynne, M.L.C., of Ballarat, has purchased for stud purposes in Australia the two-year-old Grafton, - a brown colt, by Galopin — Maid Marian. He secured him for GGO guineas at the sale of the stud of the late Baron Hirsch, at Newmarket on July 1. It is stated that Baron Hirsch gave 3,500 guineas for the colt. Grafton will not be shipped for some time (says the London correspondent for the 4r-7us) as he is entered for a race to come off in August. Mr. Wynne was no doubt influenced in his purchase of this colt by the fact that he possesses some of the same strains of blood as Musket. Maid Marian is by Hampton from Quiver, who is a sister in blood to Musket, by Toxopholite, from a mare by Young Melbourne from Brown Bess, by Camel. The vote carried by the V.R.C. against tha racing of two-year-olds before October 1 is a move in tbe right direction so far as Victoria is concerned, but will not affect this colony* - It is admitted when the Morphettville and other South Australian yearlings enter the sale-ring at Newmarket in March that they are far more advanced than the youngsters of the sister colony. Our climate is at least six weeks earlier than that of Victoria, as can be proved by fruits, &c;, that are placed upon the market in Melbourne, and the fact that the Spring meeting of the S.A.J.C. is held on September 1 and 5, and what is virtually the Spring meeting of tha A.R.C. commences on Saturday next, when the first two-year-old race of the season, the Fulham Park Plate, will be contested, and the Morphettville Plate and the Derby are run in less than a fortnight later, whilst the V.R.O. - -* Maribyrnong Plate and Derby will not be run ' until Saturday, October 3L Such owners aT '. Mr. William' Bailey, who made a long stay in Adelaide after the Birthday meeting, ad* mitted that his only chance of winning with two-year- olds early in the Beason was to pur chase the South Australian bred ones, who are always more advanced than the others, even if they have the bad luck to be beaten, as various things can account for a defeat, whereas the? fact is established that the majority of our youngsters are early comers. There is also' another aspect to Mr. Lloyd's motion, and that is that certain clubs in Victoria have been encroaching on the calendar from season to season, until we find the once im-i portant Maribyrnong Plate is robbed of ita ' interest and owners are unable to obtain any thing like the betting they could in the old days. Under the new arrangement the Plate J will again recover its prestige, and we may expect to see it united with the Derby and Cup or Rtraightout boota being opened upon it* as was the case in the time of tho Thompsons, when thousands of pounds were wagered over, this event. The Locbiels are commencing to look up again in New South Wales. A double win for Loch Fad, a son of the Now Zealand Cup winner of 1887, was recorded at Moorefielcf, and following this up he scored at Rosehill on ? July 4. At the same meeting Survivor, a t two-year-old by Lochiel, after winning tha. opening event, put up a 7 lb. penalty and) captured tbe last race on the card. Survivoc is Bpoken of as a colt of much promise and likely to do his sire-good service. An English writer comments as follows oil the state of tbe track at Royal Ascot :— This ? year at Ascot upwards of £16,000 in money will be added by the race fund to the various * stakes, and the track is still a disgrace to civi lisation and an outrage oh common sense. I :; have read of late many, a glowing description ; of the prospeotBof jibe field for the forthoom ing' Ascot Gold Cup; There ijas been, in IB ; years, a ' grand* fotal of 458 runners for thia .'; trophy, giving an average of four and onfi« V; eighth per race. And I iave a sort at .; 1 idea that if the prestige of the Ascot Cutf --.S is to be restored there is something more ; ?-??'!? than money necessary to restore it In dry, ; '?;.?-? weather the track is almost certain to injurej . , ? :'% sojaepartof a horse's -underetandinga. 1& *i»A*| i^klbere are pools of water at ^tervalB,«ndtr/,'ii1 ajlSJcpkBjraare far more puzzled how to eelefli ' V^ *;.? ? ' ? * . ? ? — jfr- *foo best ground than ever they were at Hamp f ion in the old days, when there were picnics ? ''??? to be*a voided all over the plaoe. I do not \-- . ' imagine for a moment that anything will be t done during the lifetime of most of ub to im & prove the state of things at Ascot, but with £' the chief meeting of the year cursed with the fe. worst running track in the universe we have ip. . no reason to wax too proud over the way in ?5: -which racing is conducted in the ' old ??? -. ? country.' ?-.. We have been asked to advocate the msti l tution of a few races confined to geldings only, ;:'?. says the Sporting Times of Slay 23. As ??: racing exists for the purpose of promoting : tho breed of horses, we could not at first see how geldings were to improve that breed, but on examination we can plainly discern that there ie something sound in the idea. Recently we travelled to Cobham to see the Australian sires with Mr. Gollan, a large breeder in New Zealand. He expressed .'???_ astonishment at there being so many bad entire horses in this country. Said he-^' In Hew Zealand when we find that a horse is bad we cut him, but here you keep him and let him get others worse than himself.' If a few races ? for geldings were to lead to the 'altering' of horses that otherwise would become worthless sires a point in breeding would certainly be [? gained. It is the colonel of a cavalry regiment who has made to us the above suggestion, and though at the first glance we were not with him we are now satisfied that his proposition is a thoroughly sound one, and is worthy of . . the consideration of the Jockey Club. ; Referring to racing in California the Breeder .'? -wid Sportsman of May 30 says :— We can think of but seven horses in all American turf history that ran as many as six races and retired from the turf unbeaten. They were American '' Eclipse, Ball's Florizel, Norfolk, Asteroid, Sensation, Tremont, and El Rio Key. The last-named, bred in this State, was a mem ber of this glorious band. His sire, .Nor fold, also on this ' list, lived for 25 years in California, and contributed much toward making her as famous as she is throughout the world. Within the confines of this State lives the horse that has stood either at the top of the stallion list or close to it for years — Sir Modred. We can also congratulate ourselves over the fact that the greatest racer of the century, Ormonde, has a home within our borders, and as he has shown the ability to reproduce his wonderful self, the glory of California will be still greater as the years roll around. Australia and New Zealand are well repre sented here by Darebin, Loyalist, True Briton, Artillery, and Sir Modred. We also have at the stud Racine, the first horse to run a mile in 1.39& over an oval course in a race. Kancho del Paso is the most extensive Btock farm on the continent, if not the world. Its paddocks contain horses of the most royal breeding from England, Australia, and New Zealand, as well as matrons who were rated in their day as queens of the turf. There, Sal vator, holder of the world's record at a mile, makes his home. Near Los Angeles is famed Santa Anita rancho, home of Emperor of Norfolk, Gano, Clara D.t Sister Anne, and hosts of other celebrities. On behalf of the committee of the A.R.C. Mr. Heseltine has sent invitations to his Ex cellency the Governor and suite to be present at the meeting, and should his Excellency's en ~- gagements with Lord Brassey prevent his at tendance to-morrow a member of his family or suite will represent Government House. 