PURBLs5Ed EVEIRY TUESDAY AND ?RIDAY. S 1th Year. FRIDAY/:!AUGUSTI 21, ":1896. Two important and interesting rail way questions were introduced to the attention of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, When Mr.I H: H. WIL LIAMS lid upon- the 'table of the House the Parliamentary Standing Committee's report .on ,,'the: selection of localities for the permanient survey of narrow-gauge lines, and' afterwards 'moved for the' reiffiiice to the' commit tee of the question of the construction of a line of railway'to the 'hortiern suburbs of the metropolis.'" The nar-: row-gauge lines have had to fight hard, for a trial.in this colony, and they lhaveihadito fight against considerable and Iveryy i persistent opposition- hionest' opposition no doubt-on the part of the professional officers of the Department. For; a long time the'very idea of a departui'e from the tandaird - gauge< was' riidiculed as an' impossible fad, and those who enter tained it and .from; time to time en-' deavored -to- impress upon the pub lic and official minds its reasonableness were good" naturedly chlffed' by the engineers of the Department., by the majority of the profession outside of the Department and by an influential scction of the press. They were humored a little, and ultimately a com'mission! to enquire into the prac 'ticability of the construction of light anid 'nrrow-gauge lines was appointed. By this commission ? considerable amount of evidence was takein, the great bulk, of i.t, if our memory serves is "iiglitly,` dstihi ctl y favoraible "t 'lhe departuiresuggested for consideration. Mainly no doubt owing to the strong and sustained opposition of the en gineersof the Department, very little came of the commission's labors. To it";'ni doiubt' 'isay ?:be 'Rgiven '.somri credit for the cheaper methods of con s'ruction.'thlat ihavo obtained during the past few years; but.up to the pre sent no experiment has been made in the dite;ioi of :ieeting railway ieeds by building light'!narrow-gauge, and, therefoie,.cheap liues in districts the circumstances, of which do not warrant::the larger :expenditure iin volved in'thie laying down:of the'staun dard track.' A t last;itwouiild" ppear, the :experiment ,is,. to mail. ,,Par liament , will" scarcely;' hesitate !to act iuponthle':eport of the Stainding Coni i hittee,'and theresultiof the trial ?vill be awaited with interest a?id anxiety. With interest because so . many people lavi' read; and thought of the new; method of .construction,and' with anxiety because bf the possibility suggested ; of: bringing a large part ,of , Victoria, now inaccessible,_ and therefore from the: point ofview of production 'almost: waste, into touch' with'tli"s'eaports of the colony, and the igati`iiirkets: iif:ithe :world :tIf thre "nl'rro'.igauge' expeiinfentl:is at tendd "ivith' successi-if! it :.produces .the fesultusit' is'belie?ed by those who aie iiscliiiamins to s be caplble, of -producing-then .it .should ,be possible in thie couiif~ :of itinie;: and inr- the course of a comparati;ely short time, to:cover the colony with a; network of lines and to.?i'teiiid' the great advan tages of railway-communication to the most redmote the leasc productive and th'm?,it's ' pirslyf p'opula'ted districts of ,.the ~province--distrits that; when tapped Rid nrot onlytapped but. inter sected, by:the iron/ road .'ill cease to be sparsely populated and will become' fields of profitable if. not rich ,produc tion. If, on theother hland, tlio ex periments in narrow-gauge . construc ti6n ýre not iittediud 4 viith suc'e6ss, if their, resultI is :to demonstrate,:tbe impracticability of the bbeap. railways tlhe advocate'; of 'tli deipature' have pronisedtlhe tle work oof construction nust proceed with the comparative slowniess ofthe past ntd -for a long time, if not indeed for 'll? time, those parts of the cbooiy" the present posi tion' id'? the r'podibiliti's ,;of i "hic6 have been brought briefly, under ie view, musti, remain ? naccessible, sparsely populated' and little ciapable of adding to the bhulk ofthe` common production with its, expression,^inthie common wealth. It is not,ithen, too much to say that' ti' 'expe'ri nent now under con'sideration by, Pa liament very' ceirtainly should 'be made, and that lhaving beeri made it will be watched with interest ahnd anxiety. .TIIAT we have not bexaggerated all that is involved in 'tle success or failure of the experiment will beap preciated if the figures upon which the recommendation of the Standing Committee is based are but gladiced at. From tliese it: ivduld seem that the differences' between the Engineer-in-Chief's estimate of- the cost of construction of broad-gauge (5ft. 3in.) lines and the outside estimate of the cost of the narrow gauge (2ft.) lines are as follow :-Easy country, £2200 a mile as. against £800 ; medium country, £3000 as against £1500; diflicult - country, £6000 as against £2250; very difli cult country, £12,000 as against £4000. It will be seen that the saving in the construction of a hundred miles of railway through any one of the classes of country named would be o' simply: enor mous-sd ' etiormous that if it be possible to effect it what has been hopeless.in' the way of railway con structioh -becomes capable of almost immediate accomplishment. In easy country the saving would be £140,000 in a hundred miles, in medium country £150,000,in difficult country 350,000, and in very difficult country no less than £800,000 in every hundred miles. The mere recital of these figures is sufficient to show what possibilities are opened up if the newer and cheaper methods of.con struction are found. to be practicable, and how in that event the entire question of railw?.y.making.in ?ictoria niust assume a new aspect. We have for the purposes of this comparison' taken the--ooutside -estiiates-of-the costrof narrow-gaugo. construction in pre ference, to those "of the departi-netal engineers, because, as has been said, there, hass. always been .an official prejudice against the departure now proposed, and such(prejudices are apt to Itinge leven figures and estimates of cost,,and,. indeed;, n the past have so tinged these /.It. is also? worthy of note tlihatithe outside estimates of cost :those, ot which 'we have made use are supported by the offers of reputable firms to build the'lines at the prices indicated.: Great. ass?is: that in con struction;ri, it is o6nly ipart :of the economy that 'the new. system pro miises ~The savinlgsl in maintenance, ini the :proisoion of. rolling stock and ;in: annualworkitig expenses are to be: proportionate to. those, in the cost .of. constrauctioni.; ThIa is should be sbo is'.obvious, even:to the lay mind. i, The lnarrowver' 'and lighter; line inust cost less it maintain than the'staidard five' feet, three inch way, thle;lighter lines Iwill ,require ,lighter ýrolling, stock, anid it 'stands to" reason', that: the, locoimotive charges must be heivier o~ tlie b?ioad than'tley' vwoild be oin the-narrow- gauge lines, as tthe ,larger iuse more coal and oil than the smaller; engines. Tlhie' ewill'ý also 'be ob viated ,by them ~i the .loss " that is! occasioned a by the fact- that on such connections' as r:ill be served by the niarrow- gaugelines there is'seldom sufficient traffic to.haul to admi, of the powerful lbconiotivesl in use on the broad- auge lines r working up, to 'their full.' apacity.' Tlie' expemriment is to be made inthiis colony ,with .the' narrowest gauge and, ,therefore, , the cheapest' ,linie. "This' 'is ? ell. The ririncipal :saving promised 'is in' the cost of'constiruction, and. as the 6gauge has to be broken that shlould be. made as great:as possible. *' There will, of" course, be some inconvenieiice involv ed in any break of g?uget .But, if the results promised by : the: advocates of the narrow 'lines are even appioxiL miately realised; thel inconvierice will be atoned for a thousand times' over by the great needs that w:ill b'e .met and the productive areas that .will, be opened up inddr thed new order."' In 'boder that' the candidates: for the Borough Council may haveI an opportnnity ofa expressing th eir vniews o'n miinieipil aifairs, ,lle May:r has, iln respolse toCa reiu'sition, convened a meeting to' be held in the Mechanics' Hall on Tuesday evening. SAt t, e cllose of. the'' businass. of the IBorough Water .Trut,oii Tuesday evening Com. Millar rose to move a ahearty .vote of ithinks to the' chairman, Com;' Williams, w'ho, is a councillor, has to :meet his coi stitientts on the fatefil'Thuirsday of next eek. He spoke in highly.eulagistic terms of .Cm.;Williams' services, not for, th past ~12 months only but during .the entire time of his lonig annd usefiul sconsection "with- ihe trust. "Ho had reiidered the commissioners most valuable services aind both tlie trust and the:town had lgained immeasurably frmin his iwork. i: He hoped they would enjoy his presenct anti assistance for nmany years to comen. '(Checr.) He was glad to knniv that he had bie'e induced T'o again place his services at the disposal of the bt'r gesei fid ihe both hoped and' believedithat he would boe returned at thoe head of the poll lad that: niex year he would again be :ch arman. i Com.McCabh, wlio seco?ided the motion, said, he was retiring from the council and the trust, but as a townsman h expressed; the. hope that the chairman would on Thursday be returned at the 'head of the poll by -a great majoiity. (COleers. He' hoped to see him again ehairma of. the, trst. ,in. Kenny enidorsed all; that bad. been said hiI the 'previoius peakeiiio.afid 'ilexpressed ! the pieasure he felt /at 'CWor. Williaims' deter mination to agaii coitiest his seat.. He was sure that they wdould have' the pleasure of welcming hisi back to ithe. council and the trust. Ho hofed 'alsilthat Com. Arnot wouldibe again returned, and,herwould be pleased to hear-of Corm. McCabe's success elsewhere. "om'i C?rran supported the' motion, which was carried by acclamation. In acknowledging the vote, Cdm.l Willians' said he deeply appreciated the great comnipli-' ment that had been: paid him. It was' exceedingly gratifying to know that he had goinodd their cbofideoncc so.conmpletel?j l .The' work of the past 12 months hail been a great pleaiire to hiimhut for the good .work that had been done his colleagues were equally responsible with himself. .The burgesses had excellent representatives in the conocil. iid the trost?, a'nd both couincil "adndtrust worked splendidly together in the interests of the town.He hoped to be with them agaiin, and,,ifso;, ha wonild'n':thi futu ore, she htad infthe'pait, phtlforffh every exertioin to pro' mote the interests of the town and of those. who honored him with their coufidence. Cr." Acrn'ott' gratfully: acknoiwledge'd the.kindly feelings of his colleagues. He had now been two years in thlie council and the trust, and he had;during that time to the best bf his ability served the burgesses. (Cheers.) VWhilst .:councillors' and commissioners *warked amnuebly.togethe ,theywero atithe; same tiise aill pr:fctl? indepedentd , anrid no ouncillor or .comnmis'ione.. at any time liesitatedd to oppose :hine colleagues when such opposition appeared 'to i e necessary in the public interest, (Cheers.) I ; The'Horsham. Court ofoGeneral'hSeains,' 'County Cort 'iind' Court of 'Insolvenc will sit on Tuesday next. The courts "will;pro-* bably be preasided over by His Honor Judge Hamilton. There are so far no committcls to. General Sessions. ..The only cases of 'general intieeat at the County Court are four actions in which' tie, Natimuk 'Dairy Co. Limited seek to recover money/due on shares, with interest, froinm shareholders.! An action of Mary E.!iFletcher (by hlier father, Henry Fletcher, as next of kin) to recover from Walier J. W. Laidlaw, £1000 damages for alleged 'breach of promise of marriage has been listed. It is an open secret that this is not to be proceeded with and that the public has heard the last of the Wonwondah romance. A meeting of the promoters of the Horsham Fruit Supply andTreserving Co. will be held in the Town Hall this evening when those who have taken up shares will ie asked to pass a resolution authorising the formation and registration of the company with the capital already subscribed, about £020. - The origioal determination was not to register the company until a capital of £750 had been made available. Some of the promoters are of opinion that this decision should be adhered to. A majority, however, it is believed, 'feel that no further time should be lost anil that registration should be at once effected, s- that the factory which it; is proposed to establish may be capable of dealing with next season'e fruit.. If these hiave their way provisiona! direators will be appointed to.night and will be instructed to register the 'company and make all neces nary arrangemenets for the purchase of a plant, the engagement of an expert manager and so on. The franchise to be exercised in connee tion with the poll, to be taken next week, on the question of the municipalisation of the Horsham Recreation Reserve, was men tinned, at an informal meeting of council lors, on Tuesday evening, by Cr. Arnotr, who urged that all persons rated, whether on the voters' roll or not, should be given Sv'ice 'in the determination of a question of vital interest to all property owners. Cr. Williams agreed i nd said that it had all along been his intention that the vote should blie taken on the liberal franchise indicated. Councillors generally thought that all property owners should bepermitted to vote on the question and should be allowed the number of votes to which they were entitled by the rates exacted from themn. There was some difficulfy as to the preparation of a special roll, but: this was overcome and it was agreed that the vote should be taken on the' franchise' indicated by.Cr. Arnutt..o Mr. Walter Duncan, of Warrack- nabeal, has declined to become a candidate for the North-Western Pro- vince of the Legislative Council, and Mr. Pharez Phillipe is the only candidate in the field. Our Melbourne correspondent wires that Mr. Richard Baker, late member for Lowan, is being pressed to contest the seat and that Mr. E. H. Lascelles is a likely candidate. Nominations must be lodged before 28th inst., and, if an election, the 10th September will be polling day. The concert in aid of the Horsisi n Lutheran Church funds (which vasn un avoidably lostponed in consequence of the death .of a member) will be held in the Mechanics' Hall; next Monday evening. That it will be under the direction of Herr Schliebner is ,a sufficient guarantee for a high class: concert, and as the varied pro-. gramme " includesn numbers by; Madame. Schliebner, Miss Mabel!Ede, Mr. Price, Mr. Druce, the Horsham Orchestra, the Angli can' and , Lutheran' choirs/ aa thoroughly enjoyable one is also aseuredd ;;. "! " r?i ''At the Horsham Polise Cohrt on Tuesday the following order' was made by Messrs. 1Williams and Carroll, J1 P John. 'cAuley . Marti'n lonaghan, £1 8s 6?, good;, with 13s costs. Mr: Saovyer appeared for tie complainant Joinh 'O'Brien charged with driinkenness was let off Wiiih a cautin!on. o John O'Brien, a man who .on Monday Was arrested at Horshain for drunkenness and disorderly conduct and who upon being brought before' the court on Tuesday was disoharged with ad'canution,: answered: so ciosely to the description of a man, name unknown, against w;hoina asi information' chargiig hin 'w ith :.braking' into ::the house of James Lee, farmer, of Pimipinio, between '27th and 29th July, and stealing therefrosi £2 13s, that he rwas esltained' in custody to permit of his' idetification or otherwiie by Lee. :O Wednesday'tlie wis brought before Messrs.i Williats arid Carroll, J.P., charged with larcenyi but was immediately discharged, Lee, upon being put into the .box, swearing positively that he was not the man he suspected, of breaking into his house and robbing him. All accounts at the Horshanm Sul:Trea sury then unclaimed' will be retutirued to: Melboitrne at the end of the monthl' , The following are the ac?sints now awaiting' payment:- A Akehurst, E. C. Abbott, H. Anders, J. A. Aitken, P. Blade, .Chlung Cuim, J. Carr, J. Clark,' ; Carter, W.,'A. 'Davis;,H. C. Daouna, W. Hearn, A. Hart, Ai. Halpin, V. Henry, -R. Higgins, R. Johnston & Co., T..Kenney, E. Kelm, J.' Lavery,T. Mawsos, D. McLean, H. 'McLean, A. Phillips, J. Quini,' A.; Rangott, ?0. Summerhayes, T. Whitta, J. Watt, J. A. Bticharuan,' IV. Burgin, W. Bruce,` "P.' Birgin; :F.' Bildstein,: G: Baker, W: 'F. Chandler, A. Duncan, J. ?Do leo,~ H: M. )avies, C. Denyer, jun., J: Elliot, D. Fergusoi, Goroike Mechanics' Iustitiite, J.3 Giles, ,T. 'Grice, T. J. Hill; Hor~hani Gas Co., Borough , of Horsham Watercorks Trust, R. Howard, C. Hue, M. Janietzki; R.. Malr, Minyip and Murtba Agricultural' Societies, J. Meldrunm, Margaret, McLean,. H. ,McCann, J. McRae, N. McDonald, L. Nichterlein, J. N'attrass, A. G. E. Naylor, A; Or, WV. J. Olver, G0 Oram, J. Patrick, Executor late E. C. Rogers,- M. RichterH. Rabl,E. J. Schche, W. J. Snow, J. Stehn, F. W: Sudholz, 'A. Scarlett; W. C. Thomas 'W. C. Theed, Mary': J. Treadwell, ',W,' Tlioman; Sarah Wilks, :J .'Wileonrt'J:i C-. Weld, A. Wohlers, C.' Webb, J.t Yoing,n T. H. Turner, IV J Cross, IV. C. Little, S.' J. P. Aniie, "G."' Hiffe, I'. Sack, Horsham Borouigh Council, C. Jenkinss; I? Jacobson:' Mr.Frank Davis, soa of .Cr Davis, left' Iforaham by the exprem yesterday sorning for; Melbourne, e t route to Western Ausn tralils, where he intends to engage wit his brother Edward in the business :of a hair dresser and; tobacconist.:: Mr. Edward Davis and two other brothers are awaiting thi?~arrival of their brother'Frank, uipon :which they will proceed to the: Day Dawn diggiings; iii the'lMurchison countrywlihere they Ibeliede thdere'i .s? good petiig.' 'Mir.1 FrliFak DiI vis; who :as very pbpnlt:arwith his friends andces:oipanisus sin Horhidam, ivos eiertaini at 'A:lrfarewell sorcial in the oeliediaci' Hi;alion esiday d evaning. There were, about,30 euoples present and a highly ejoyabl-e evening was ?peut. r F.ed. Ladner acteda n M.C., the music was ' sup plied .by different ,ladies and 'gentlemen anid an::excelleit; supper was provided,bythe ladies-i Duiring the course of the:evening :Mr.J.n Hanimond, inso highly complimentary terms? presentdiMi:Dl)avis with a travelling rug??;tled:gift'of 'his: friends; The recipient nade a feelh?ti'respanie : Mr0 Alf. Pulling 'alshn Ileft9fdo!iidsterii An utralisyesterday morning. EmrnestWall, son of Mr. George Wall, of Kalkee,'who, as mentioned in the, Times of Tuesday,:was thrown:oiot ou f abuggy:anul sameiwhat severely:'ihurt, is making satis. factory progress towards recovery fronmithe injuries he then sustained. 'The accident, which occurred at Kalkee, was the result of a bolt caused by a piece of chain attached to the trap breakirig and hitting one of the horses on the hind leg. The conveyance, which was the property of Mr. A. Lawson, of Kalkee, was reduced to a total wreck, and that the youth escaped with his life is deemed nothing short of a miracle by those who witnessed the accident. The friends of. Mrs. Wm. Dodd, who has been very seriously ill and who recently underwent a painful and delicate operation, will be pleased to know that she is now very mush better. . Many residents of the Green Lake dis. tict will regret to learn of the death of David Gardner, who for over 30 years had resided with the McClounan family, latterly with Messrs. J. and T. McClousnan, of Taylor's Lake. He had been under the care of Dr. Cross for some time but passed I away early yest-rday morning, the cause of death being heart disease. The funeral will leave raylor's Lake at 2 p.m. on Saturday for the Green Lake cemetery. Mr. Charles Dunbar, an old Horsham resident and now manager of the Bank ofYie tosia at Bruthen, is at present on a visit to the town. He has been warmly welcomed by his many friends. At the close of the meeting of the Borough Water Trust on Tuesday the Mayor men tioned that it had been complained to himn that the practice of riding and driving on the footpaths of the town was becoming undesirably common. The sergeant of police had spoken to him on the matter and had desired that the council should take some action. He proposed that noticee cautioning perons againast driving or riding on the footpaths should be printed ad posted about thetown. The seggeetion of the Mayor commended itself to councillonr and the town clerk was instructed accord. ingly. Something like a scare in a small way has occurred in connection with the recent visits to Horsham of a large steam traction engine. The engine passed through the town on Tuesday, drawing three waggons loaded with sleepers, and it was reported that with its load of 10 tons it had been brought across the Wimmera bridge. As, according to the borough engineer, the bridge is onlycapable of carrying with safety a load of four tons, a considerable risk has, if the report speaks truly, been incurred. The matter was mentioned to councillors on Tuesday by the Mayor, to whose ears the reprt had come and who thought steps should be taken to prevent a repetition of so perilous an experiment. Cr. Bradshaw and McCabe were certain the engine had not crossed the bridge. Cr. Bradshaw believed it had crossed the bridge at Kenny's ford, .and if it could negotiate that structure safely there should be no danger in connection with the crossing of the larger bridge at Horsham. Cr. Curran thought the engine should not be allowed to pass through the town except upon due notice of its visit having been given. Horsee were quite unused to its appearance and noise, and the wonder was that a serious accident had not already occurred. The matter then dropped. As nuisual' application .was made to Messi Williams anid Carroll, J.P., at the Horsham.Police C rt ona Wednesday when, Mr. Pdwer asked,-ez parts, that a debtor named D::- Jarvis -should be committed to gaol: Affidavits filed were to the ef fect that on thel7h'tli)eccmber last the Union ,Trustees ,Company of Australia had obtained, in petty sessionse, .at Horhamn, an order against thie defendant for £5 10s. This he, had ,ne8lected to satisfy, although he had had they means to do so. Hehad asince een . i Western Australia and having returned to Victoria was now about to leave agais for the l' estern colony and take his wifel family and hIousehold gods with him. The 'Berich found tltit tie defendant had had since ~:tlhe date f the 'rder the means to sa:tify it,: thil?t hke hadn'eglected to do so and ':ihat he :wa' about to leave the colony iind? therefore, the jurisdiction of the court, without discharging his indebtedness. They also fosnd thkt its special circuimstances warranted the case being dealt with en parte, and ordered that unless the order ,was satisfied 'forthwith Jarria should be 'imprisoned for, one nmouth. Costs to the amount of £1 15s Od were allowed against the defendant. -. .Jarvis almost at once discharged his ndebtednless and made him self ifree to seek a better fortune in the land of sin, sand and sorrow. Andrew Wilson, a man who had impesed upoiin the good natire oof several townsmen 1 rinducing `then to go in fora ralls for some fancy wvork he was hawking and i?hli',! he rebresented, he was' isnxious to aell in order to raise mgonecy to provide himitself withi tlhe necessaries of life. ap pedred st :the: aorsham Police Court on Wediesdndy, on the information of Constable Cahnave. chargied with drunkenness and disordelyt conduct. .' ie admitted the offence'and;as let off with a caution. ~r Toa; a corresp-sndent-Nimrod's Ghost. Letter unavoidably, held over till next issue. : i' r.Hushb?,whao in eekinug re-election for the Soiuth Riding of the Wiminera Shire, announces .that :he will address the rate payers at .the ionwonlah East State School 6'd'6dday at' 4 p.m., and at Burnt rCr'eegk ol Ti'aesday at .5i'p.m.p SMr;. J iWallis notifies his withdrawal front the borough auditorship contest, hav ing found that his temporary appointment during the past yearns acting town clerk would :prcludeo hiin' from occupying the "iosition, if elected. ?'rSpecial railway .arranigements on the -Horsham show day for- reeidents in the Natimok, Noradjuha and Goroke. districts are advertised. lesars. Youag Bros' monthly stock sale at Dimrboola is announced for Tuesday next.i : Measrs.o Wettenhall & Lewaers have heen appointed solicitors to the; WimmeraUnited Water Trust. M, 1ears.r.Crump & Davey announce the arriial of nev goods on page four. J'faries Tickle, a miner, was crushed to deatln at Congie, N.S.W.I, on Tuesday. M r.' Deakin,; M.P.; :has - been appointed chairman of, the Comnmittee of Public Ac 'counts. r ,S.r. ?V. J. Waddel, J. P a :prominent Dinald tbwnsiman, died on IMoniday. Cons table Coffey iutrerferd with a sacred 'd~cierie to' be 'irev' at: Dimnboola hy the hblind minsicians on Sunday evening and refused.to 'allowit to proceed. The concert was, given on ..A ,vacant piece of land 'djacent to the Iialle The hili of a 'young female supposed to he a girl ai'iied'Bonirnedrwho mysteriously disappeared from Nowra Hill, N.S. W. 386 years ago,.whilst tending some cows near Green .Paddock, liNowra fill, has been disdovdred by a man 'amed Jules Palliard, wIhilst d ih hiirg'fuir Ib'ned iiear the creek at that'place.' T:he;:skull is well preserved, ad, shows no marks of violence. -,iThe foggy ireather off the French coast, which was fatal ta the Drummond Castle, still continues, and broight disaster upon the Aiistrali'anstearier \YWoolloomooloo on the?l0th in'h. ' Thd vessel: and the collier Emerald, of Dundee, came into collision at 2 o'clock in the afternoon three miles N.W. :ef.Casqiuet. ;''. . .' " o'A seisaiionrl shooting casde 'odccurred at Wileannia a few nlighits ago.' 'The details Swere kept quiet until Wednesday; when the police.arrested an elderly man named John Hill on a charge of. shooting at ?Charles Sjoherg, a Swede, owhr 'was acting as under wardaman at the hospital. A revolver billet struckSjobherg os'the top of the head, and a second shot missed fire.' The maon was only slightly injured.. Mrs. Jones, ofBoort, was seriously burnt on Sunday morning by her clothes catching fire while she was attending' to her house. hold duties. The aufteror soon afterwards gave birth to a son.. A daughter 'of the famnily was burnt to.death a few months ago, and another daughter a few years earlier at Wedderbunrn " ' . . At 'Footacray, Florence: Fischer, aged fourteen years, was charged with assaulting a girl of seven by holding her by the hair and slapping her face, canusing the bursting of an. abseas on the eyelid of the child. The offence was admitted. bnt'sunder great provocation. The beonch inflicted a fine of 20s, with 20s costs, or three day's imprison ment. Alex. Bertram, licensee of the Grand Pacific hotel, Sydney, sued Major-General French, to recover £15 compensation for damage to his hotel, caused by the firing of the hig92-inch gun on the 18th April last. A verdict was given for defendant with costs. A groom in the employ of MSir. Alexander Oliver, of St. Kilda, on Monday called at the detective office to identify a turkey he had lost and of the theft of which two' men stood accused. He brought with' him a game cock between which and the missing turkey there had been a long standiang feud. and the way in which the two birds rolled into one another quickly showed them to be ancient antagonists and effectively settled the question of identity. Miss Shaw, of Alberton, on Saturday night retired to bed with her younger sister. About one o'clock on Sunday morning she heard the girl gasping and gave her a push. This, elicited no reply and the girl's father being sent for arrived just in time to see his daughter expire. Mr. Shawr a short time since lost another danghter from heart disease. M'rs. Shaw was so affected by the shock that she died during Sunday. Mr. J. Wearmouth, who has received a course of four year's training uuder Mr. Matthews, at the Stawell Schoolof Mines, las been appointed to a scientific'position st fount Agnew, Tasmania Mr. .Wearmouth is the third student of the Stawellschool receiving promotion on new. appoiotments within the last few weeks. J. J lrockensliira ai 'well-knowin rll r.t a tioneer, upon being elected, uilaralt , the City uncilo n Monday,. ,reppoeaenast to be distributed amongst The friends f the Rev. Wesley John, late of the florsham circuit, will learn with late ofe that under his ministry a new chotch has been built and opened at Mount A G. Ttrail, J.P., of" Dargo, has been ned for using insuolting and indecent Lng9age in a bar parlor.. . . ; The best in the United States is still te.. Last week in New York alone 651 deaths from sunstroke occurred. The mining companies at Johannesburg ve eduoced by one half the wages former. ly paid to native workmen.on thoe and Sharp shocks of earthquake were ex- perienced at Dargo on Thursday night and Friday morning. FridaY J. Marflet, of Yarrowalla, was arei?nt;ally shot in the breast on Monday by his eon, 11 years of age, who was care ly habdliog a loaded gun. Though serious, it is not likely that the wound will prove fatal. T?? altnriginals, who had just previously obtained a quantity of whisky. died suddenly in camp at Vetrim Grove, Queensland, on eaturday night. Their internal organs have been sent to the Government. analyst for exnmination andt report. William Whitten, seven years of age, was tilled by a train in Flinders-street, Sydney, on Sgturday, when the cow catcher lifted him off the line. He said at the time that h. was not hurt bht was later on taken ill and died in the St. Vincent's hospital. At an early hour on Sunday morning a tre broke out in the new market stables, Townsville, Queensland and occasioned a e,at amount of damage.: cnne of the t.os were injured, but 13 vehicles were detroyed. Alfred Fletcher, of Sydney, has been eltrenced to two years and nine months' impticonment for forging the title deeds of btlock if land upon which he obtained an advance from the Australian Mercantile Loan and Guarantee Company. In connection with the death in Sydney of the woman Emily Franz, Alice Short, who, as alleged, performed an illegal opera tion upon the deceased, has been committed for trial for wilful murder. Forged post office orders have been in circlantion in Sydney, and several trades men hare been victimised. Tne divera have recovered gold to the smcunt of £10,000 from the wreck of the C(tlerthun. The wreck was in a great' depth of water and the recovery of the gold i, tid to be an unprecedented feat in' deep se? diving. On Sunday a fire broke out in the lazarette of the ship MfacCallum More, lying at New castle, N.S.W. The saloon and cabin were gutted and the captain and officers lost all their personal effects. The Roman Catholic, Anglican and Ieslevan churches at Traralgon were hroken into last week. The first, named was entered through the window and a silver cup valued at £5 was broken to pieces. The Anglican Church had the lock at the vestry door screwed off, but nothing was aken. At the Wesleyan Church a few ahillings, which were in a money box, were abstracted. A correspondent writes to the Nhill Mail forwarding the following iecipe as a certain cutre and preventive for boils-Take half a cop of very strong coffee, and grate the whole of a nutmeg in same. Take in the morning and the boils will disappear, never to retuir. The British barque Cape York, bound for Australia, and the French steamer Quatre Amis collided on Sunday in the Scheldt, off Antwerp. Theateamer suffered severely, and as it was evident she would sink she wasrun ashore. The barque had to be towed back to port. Joneeph Ryder, aged 17, a laborer, living at lWaterloo,N.S. W.returned to his home on Sunday night in a.terribly injured condition. He was bi uised, battered and bespatted with blood. His replies to questions were incoherent and all that could be gleaned from him was that Ihe had been attacked, without provocation, iy two men, unknown tshi n, who brutally ill used him, knocked him down and kicked him savagely about the head and body. He died on _Monday torning. Itis thought that the unfostu sate lad's injuries may have been caused by a fall from a horse he was riding, The police, however, suspect a brutal murder by iar ikins. The trial of Mr. F. H. Tuthill, solicitor, charged with criminally libelling Mr.Leader P'.M., has been postponed to the next sitt ings of the Central Criminal Court. A political riot occurred in Belfast, Ire land, on Sunday. A procession of Nationa lifts was being held in celebration of the release of several political prisoners, when it was attacked by a hostile section. A serious disturbance ensued and was with difficulty quelled by the police. Mr. W. J. Bryan, the Democratic candi date for the United States Presidency, is suffering from the effects of over-pressure, and has been ordered by his medical attendants to take a complete rest. lie met with a cold reception in New York, his meetings being a complete failure. The Right Hon. Sir Edmund Monson, British Ambassador at Vienna, has been appointed to succeed the Marquis of )ufferin as British Ambassador at Paris? IHe will be succeeded at Vieina, by Sir H. U. Rumbold, British Consul at Austerdam. An:i-French riots have" occurred at haokok, the capital of Siam..-An angry mob made a savage assault .upon a party of French soldiers and severely mutilated them before assistance arrvied.. The police, who did not take active steps to restrain the roters, are suspected of covertly abetting the outrage. The reports that M. Andrec'a balloon had been sighted by Canadian Indians at about 55 degrees north latitode are incorrect. 5. Andtee, who is a Swedeiismaking a balloon royage to the North Polk . 