Young People. OUR SEARCH FOR THE GOLDEN IDOL. A SNAP-SHOOTING ADVENTURE IN INDIA. By HENRY FRITH, Author of "Tracked by Thugs," "The Search for the Talisman," &c.; "And what is more, I don't believe that anyone has ever seen it," said Cripps conclu sively. " Seen what?" asked Power, who entered the bungalow at that moment with the present writer and overheard Cripps' remark. "The diamond-eyed, pearl-toothed, ruby lipped, and generally golden image in Dafur Temple," replied Cripps, "Bosh !" was Murphy's comment, " It's poetry, not fact, you're talkin'. There's no such thing, and I'll prove it. Firstly, it's im possible, though that's no reason in these days: secondly, it's broken to bits; and, thirdly, it never was there at all. So now !" "Well, my old uncle in England is an antiquarian— no, not aunti-quarian, Murphy — and he offered me and my chums a hundred pounds for a picture of the image. He wants it to sustain a theory he has," "Well, what Cripps says certainly has altered matters," said the volatile Irishman. "A hundred for a picture ! Aye, but who can paint it?" "Snap-shot !" suggested Power, "Camera, portable ; advance, make ready, fire; as you were; retire— just the thing !" "Exactly," said Murphy; "but it's a mighty dangerous job. We'll get into trouble over it, and there's all kinds of beastly obstacles——elephants, tigers, peacocks, wild pigs, cows, and thunderstorms, ravines, torrents——" "Oh, shut up, Paddy Murphy !" cried Cripps. "Are you game to go, Power?" "Certainly I am, It's a risk——it's a big risk— but I have been told it is worth that if ———" "If what ?" "If we can cross the Ghost's Mountain," whispered the young man. "That's the trail. It's haunted by the most venomous beasts and the wildest of all the hill animals." "Can't we avoid the mountain?" asked Murphy seriously. "No," replied Power, "the path, I am told, leads up by the caves, and there we shall have to rest——if it be rest, for the holes are plugged with snakes and the rocks harbor tigers in places. These hill tigers come rang- ing about like dogs, crying mollia——murther—— in Irish, Murphy." "Very likely," replied Paddy. "I've heard the same myself ; I can understand it." "It is more than I can," said Cripps. "But sharp's the word ! Get the shikarees (native hunters), the porters, the grub, and let us start as soon as we can. It's worth the hundred pounds. Let us be secret, though.' This decided the question. All three were young fellows — "boys," we should be called in England, but we considered ourselves " men" out there. Youthful, high-spirited, we were engaged in survey business in the plains, already becoming too hot for us, and we desired what Murphy called "a little cooling excitement." In three days we were ready. We had obtained leave, because we always took it to- gether. "The Chums" were well known to hunt in leash, and to cut off a third of our number would be about equivalent to amputat- ing a crab's claw ; it certainly came again, but burdened the surviving ones. So we obtained the harmless but necessary leave, and started, each with his bearer or attendant, his hunter, baggage-animals, tents, and ammunition, &c.;, battling all close enquiries. Behold us three, fully equipped with smooth bore rifles, knives, and a revolver. There was something rather brigandish in our appearance (I say " our appearance" because I was one of the Chums — which of them I will not state). We wore wide hats with the pugaree, were dressed in light jackets, shirts, and trousers ; in fact, presented something of a sailor-like look in contrast to the natives in white gar- ments and turbans. "Now mind," said Cripps, "no nonsense, boys. We are setting out upon a really dangerous-expedition, and no one fully knows our aim and destination. Thus we run risks, you see." "Certainly," replied the others. "No ex- pedition is any good without risk. But, all the same, Cripps, old fellow, we shall, win your antediluvian——I mean antiquarian—— uncle's money," concluded Murphy. "More power to him !" "I hope so," added Power. "I'm ready to do anything." In this frame of mind we started. The shikarees kept a good look-out as we traversed the jungles. We did not travel during the heat of the day, but in the morning and even ing. We passed through some villages, and received the compliments of the chief men, whose photographs we "snapped," and killed specimens of game to keep up appearances: but our true object was the golden idol — this was our secret. Even the faithful shikarees began to specu late upon our destination when we quitted the jungle-country and made for the notorious hill, which, to save inconvenience and unplea sant enquiry, I have called Ghost's Mountain. Here our trials would begin. In camp, on the slope of this hill, we discussed the situation. "Thus far," said Cripps, the nominal leader, "we have marched without impediment. Now, brave Chums, cast all frivolity aside and quit you like men, because the tug commences here. We ascend as early in the morning as possible, for, between ourselves, little Teddy Tomson, of the Mahratta Mail, is particularly anxious to join us here and be our 'special re porter.' This won't do, Chums." "Certainly not," we said, and having arranged matters, we slept. But very early in the morning we were aroused by a new arrival, and Tomson turned up. "He will spoil all," said Power. "We must cut him dead." "He won't be cut,"replied Murphy. "He is as thick-skinned as a rhinoceros. Little beast !" "Suppose we send him in front, and lose him," said Cripps. "No," said Murphy, "we'll drop him; leave him to me !" When Tomson joined the party he was full of excitement. "Ah," he cried, "caught you up, you see ! Ready to ascend ? Queer place this Ghost's Mountain, isn't it?" "Rather," said Murphy. "Deadly snakes here! So look out." "Really !" exclaimed the little man. "Poisonous?" "Awful," was the answer. "Furious reptiles, which can swallow a man whole with out winking !" "Same chance for all of us," said Tomson. "Come along !" "We are not going your way," said Murphy quietly. " Mind the snakes up there, and——— " But the sentence remained incomplete. Murphy, who was seated in the tent with us, suddenly turned deadly white. He had been hoaxing the poor little journalist, but now he himself was terrified. Tomson was standing at the opening of the tent looking in. Behind him rose a tree of stunted mountain growth, and from its branches swung a deadly hooded snake, swaying, ready to strike ; while poor Teddy, perfectly unconscious of his im minent danger, chatted on, pushing into our conversation and plans. Murphy reached his hand for his revolver, and without speaking cocked it. We couldn't see the snake, but we noticed Murphy's face, and were puzzled. With stealthy swiftness he levelled, and shouted to Tomson—— "Lie down, or you are a dead man ! Quick, I tell you !" Murphy was mad! We guessed so much at once and darted upon him. He pulled the trigger as we both rose, and Tomson fell flat with a scream of terror and agony, "Mad man ! murderer!" we shouted as we threw ourselves upon the Irishman and called for assistance. Murphy made no resistance. We wrested the revolver from his grasp and laid him on the floor beside the journalist. The attendants rushed in and stood amazed. "Quick, Ali ! Runji, bind the sahib, bind the sahib 'Murphee,' He is mad! Hold him. What did you shoot him for ? He's dead ! Paddy, you've done it this time, too much." "I've not finished yet," gasped Paddy, "But if you two will let me get up I will. Mind yourselves " he's dangerous." "Who dangerous——what's dangerous?" Murphy was exhausted and panting for breath, but seemed mentally sound. At that moment Tomson rose up. "The villain !" he cried. "He missed me, luckily ; but I'll carry you back, my boy, and have you punished for the attempt——a mean low, American bravo trick !" "You're an ass!" was Murphy's cool reply. "Look behind you, you 'Judy Fitzsimmon's mother!' " "Mind your genders, Paddy," exclaimed Power, rising and releasing his chum. "I say, Cripps, Tomson, Ali, look there !" Just under the tent cloth, in the grass, was the writhing body of the dying snake. The animal was vainly endeavouring to reach its in- tended victim, but its back was broken, and its efforts were in vain, ending only in ex- haustion, and failure, and death. *The writer should explain that this mythical lady was supposed by the ancient Irish to have been an utterly idiotic and foolish person, beyond all others—— so the story goes. The snake was quickly dispatched, and the tide of feeling at once turned. Murphy be came a hero——a very modest one, too. But when we again proceeded on our way Tomson was not of the party. He had a tale to tell, O ! and was satisfied with his experience of the Ghost's Mountain. But our true dangers were only commencing. We kept advancing upward upon the dizzy mountain-path — a deep precipice on one side, the rock on the other. Cripps, rifle in hand, was bravely leading, followed closely by his servant and ourselves, when, towards evening, we came in view of some rocks "jumbled" up by Nature, and forming a cave-shelter. "There is our resting-place. Come on !" cried Cripps. "Eh?" he asked; "what are you grumbling at, Ali?" "Didn't gumble, sahib. Say nothing, too little wind, gumble." "Someone did, then," said Cripps, as he proceeded cautiously to cross a fissure in the path where the road had been roughly mended. But scarcely had he set his foot upon the wood when the head of an immense tiger peered round the rock against which his hand was resting for support. There they stood, the invaders and invaded, face to face. A pair of cubs were visible in the gloom of the cave. Cripps was so surprised that he did not stir. The attendant, absolutely unarmed, was para- lysed as he stood, and the tiger advanced, almost imperceptibly, in the fearful silence. Cripps recognised the matter as one of life and death. In a moment he levelled his rifle ; but Murphy and Power behind him were even quicker, being more distant from harm. With wonderful coolness they bade the attendants lie down, and then fired over their prostrate bodies at the rather dilatory tiger. The animal bounded forward, passing Cripps —who had flung himself flat — and seized the Hindoo in its spring. But the impetus was too much. He fell over the precipice as the wooden trap which formed the wended path gave way beneath his weight ; and tiger and native bounded into space, dead ere they reached the bottom of the pass, crashing into the silence of the dreaded nullah ! There we stood——a gulf between us, a deep chasm cutting us and the other attendants from Cripps and the cubs. The situation was alarming. If the tigrees should appear the fate of our Chum was sealed. So we made a heroic effort, and leaping over the chasm joined Cripps, who had now recovered himself. In the cave we found the tigress dead, her cubs seated by her, vainly endeavoring to revive her. Hoe she had met her doom we could not ascertain, as we found no wound, but she had been dead many hours, and we did not examine closely. "Well, boys," cried Murphy, "here's a snap shot with a vengeance. Take the group, Power, and keep the cubs. We can send the men back with them to-morrow." "And about ourselves?" asked Cripps. "Had we not better descend and report Bagha the bearer's death? We ought to find him. The follows don't like going on — see." In fact, our coolies were calmly descending the path, unheeding the threats of the shikarees. "There goes our dinner!" exclaimed Cripps. "I'm off at once." "Let us hang those fellows," said Power. "They are leaving us to starve. Come along ; it will be dark in ten minutes." We all hurried down, and overtook our men after a chase in the dark. But nothing would induce them to ascend again. So we returned without "shooting the idol," as we had hoped. But we managed to do so on a subsequent occasion, and we gained the hundred pounds, in exchange for which we sent uncle the cubs, which he placed in the Zoo. So ended the first expedition in search of the golden idol, and I think it gave us a good "start" anyway. What say you? — Chums. 