Christ's Teaching; About Pruyer. BY M. BAXTER, Our Lord's Prayer Taught Twice— Inca pacity of the Disciples to Learn — llu< man Friendship Contrasted with thd Divine — Our Petitions are to a Father-? Reasons for Failure in Prayer — God'a Interests First in Prayer — The True Spirit of Prayer. Twice over, during the days of Hlef ministry upon earth, the Lord Jesu0 taught His disciples what is usually call ed "the Lord's Prayer." The first ocaa- slon was in the course of Hds sermon Ofl the mount, when He showed the differ ence between real and unreal prayer. H6 taught that the true communing of thQ child of God with Ills Father seeks priv acy, and htus his reword in the very fact of his meeting with God; while the oeteri- tatloua prayer Of the unreal Jew, or the vain repetition of the heath an, " have their reward" only in being "seen of men." And Jeaus introduces the Lord's Prayer here with the words, "After this manner, therefore, pray ye," and Hid only comment at the close Is on the point of forgiveness, "For if ye forgive men their tresspasses, your bfeavenly Father will also forgive you; but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses." If the disciples had learned what Jesus then taught them, how coma It to pass, "as He was praying in a certain place, that, when He ceased, one of His dis omies said unto Him, Lord, teach us to pray, ££ John alao taught his disciples?" Had they learned as though they did not learn? Until the Lord £ad poured out His life, and the Holy Ghost had beeii given on the day of Pentecost, COULD NOT IMPART to them His own divine nature, "life and Incorruption" (2 Tim., i. 10). The com of wheat must fall into the ground and die, that there might be a harvest of like na ture with His own (John xll. 34). The dlS; clples were still under the Old Tesfcam en regime — "precept upon precept; line upfc on line; . . .here a little and there a' little" (Isa. xxviii. 10) they had yet to know the power of an endleRs life (Heb. vii. 16). On tills occasion the teaching of our Lord is more elementary than ort the former. occasion. Instead of saying, "After this manner therefore pray ye, 'A etc., He now says, " When ye pray, ay,'' etc., and His comment 18 directed t(j teach, hy illustration and preoept, thai God is to be trusted, and that His Fath erly love will never fall a really trusting child. He draws a strong contrast between a friend from whom help is claimed, anfi! a father. Ordinary friendship will not stand the strain of much personal Incon1 venlence. A friend comes at the most inconvenient hour— at midnight. All th$ lights in the house are extinguished; thg kitchen fire Is gone out; the cupboards are locked; everyone ls In bed; and the friend makes a demand which wtll turd night Into day with tl whole household, because an unexpected friend on & Jouri ney has come to him nd found him! without provisions. He meets with anyi thing but a welcome; THE FRIEND YJHOSE HELP HE SEEKS needs his sleep, and thinks the oth'eft ought to be more considerate; to keejf; provisions in bis house, and not to ln» convenience other people at such lll» timed hours. "Trouble me not," Is hlfl reply, "the door ls now shut, and my children are with me In bed; I canno? rise and give thee." But the friend' will take no refusal; he continue® knocki ing, and the disturbed householder can' get no more sleep. At last he ls con quered by his friend's pertinacity, anS thinks hlB best policy Is to grant the re quest in self-defence — " because of hlg Importunity." Such is human friendship when It does not spring out of divine union in the Spirit! The picture is not imaginary. Selfish friendship ls always 6elfish; like water, it cannot rise above Its level. But " our Father which art in heaven" Vg Himself Love. Selfishness Is foreign to Him; He gives because He Is a Father and Lakes a Father's responsibility Therefore continues our Lord, "I say u n$ to you, Ask, and it shall be given you| seek, and ye shall find; knock, and It shallbe opened unlo you." Coming td God as to a rather, you run no risk of meet) tip with such a rehulf Trouble Me not." fur heavenly Father INVITES US TO COME at all time-. n"d und -r all circumstances, to Him "In nothing; anxious; but in evcrvtiiini; by prayer and supplication with' IhonkselvlnK let your r..«iu<-st8 be maJ' known utuo Clod d hil. h. C.R >. and th- result '."ill he that "the l>c®ce of God. which posM-th nil undcrs.tandlnK. shall i;u fir 1 yur Ir-Jris and your tlu.uqhu m Christ Jtsus." Why.' Be cause no p-.i1 Prayer Is in vain. "For . very '.n- ih.it aski tli receivah; and ho that scvlo-th findeth; and to him that luii' kc-t h it .-hall U" opened." Hut il is to a Father we come-— to our Eld'-r and of"" F-u (lerlor.ns well as U> our Cod. It we expect Him to do a Father s part I" U-. we must DO A CHILD'S PART TO HIM. The relations Between father or.d cnild are utterly wronp; and ('icmoralisin h 011 both sides where the child has the upper hand, and succeeds in wi>rtyl»B out of his lather by rheer Impel tunily. that which is ;i;i i list his father's « 111 and Judipnenl t" fiiv.-, in the same spirit as the friend at midiiiithL The whole ten- .«iur of the Lord's Prayer places things in their right oider. Our Father and HLs Interests must of necessity come first; . Otherwise tilt- position is not that of father and child, hut simply of mendi cant ami benefactor. Many there are who complain that their prayers are not answered. They come with a strong sel fish desire for something on which they have set their hearts, and. not being able to obtain it otherwise, they pray for it In a spirit" of trying to make O'd minis ter to their own selfishness. God can be no party to such a trail saeUoii, and HIS SILENCE IS WITNESS TO THE IrACT. There are often cases of such as pray, even for power over sin, In a wrong spi rit. They do not cotnc and yield them selves wholly up to tlve direction and dis cipline of the Holy Spirit; they want to ro their own way, which la often straight into known danger and temptation; and .while In their own will, and holding the reins of ll'.eir own life, they want to have God, as ll were, act under them, just In the capacity of Keeper as far as they desire. Is It conceivable that poor hu man nature can offer so grave an Insult to the most holy God? Yet, Judging from the complaints that their prayers are not answered, we are driven to con clude that tills Is really the position of many. Our Elder Brother, the Lord Jesus Christ, wlio. as man. took In to the full the authority and the dignity of our Father, taught us to pray, before any personal petition, " Our Father which art In heaven, hallowed be thy name; ,Thy klildom come; Thy will be done." This Is the true spirit of worship. True, It was a dead letter until the Holy Ghost .came to dwell in the children of God wliu WLteywided up to obey Hhn < Acts v, 32); hut the prayc-r of the Church (Acts lv., 23 . 30) shows that in the. days of Pen- ,teco£l, disciples had learned to pray af ter the manner of the Lord's Prayer, GOD'S 1NTEKESTS FjttST. Filled Willi the Holv Ghost, they prayed "in the Spirit" (Eph. vh. 18), and their prayer was abundantly answered. All they asked for was boldness to speak the Word, and mat the promised signs (Mark xvh, 17, 18) should accompany It. And the place was shaken; they were filled anew with 1lic Holy Ghost, they spoke the Word with boldness, they were so disinterested that they would not own jany property, lying and deception could not live among tlicm in Ananias and .Sapphira, and "by the hands. of the up- tvinni' clime o n/1 wntlflfxiTI '.UAlil'O H f J C Uictttj cr»t,«»o - .Wrought among the people;" and soon the very shadow of Peter, filled with God tis he was, proved sufficient to heal the sick. So mighty Js the power of prayer -when It Is really after the manner of the Lord's Pra yer, and prayed In the Spirit. . But the Lord's Prayer really means, "I want God to be honored at any cost to me. I want His name to he respected and honored, however much of reproach and snubbing may fall upon me. I want His kingdom to come; I want Jesus to come again, even though that solemn hour of separation, when one shall be taken and another left, should find me among Uipbc who shall be left behind. Thy kingdom— not my, kingdom— Thine honor— not mine— Is what I seek for." And "Thy will." If we are. really honest Jn the prayer, "Thy will be done on earth as It lsln heaven," we sligll always meet everything which comes, with the secret .prayer, '.'Lord have thy way, whatever 4t Is; whatever Is right for Thee Is right .for me, too; I cannot, I will not, have a will at variance with Thine." It Is won derful how different everything looks when It is met with a will which has .gone over to the Lord's side; and this ive profess when we pray this prayer. If JHe wants us to live, His very character ps Father is Uie guarantee that we shall be at Do loss for the means we need; if He wants us to do our daily work. Ills character as Father and Physician (Exod. xv., 26) is our guarantee for strength of body to do what He wants jus to do. A father could not send us on a warfare at our own charges. If our feet have slipped, and we need .pardon, or 5f In His wondrous education He lias shed new light upon our conscience, and laught us to see sin where before we bad tot discerned jt, how should we doubt for moment the pardon of Him to whom we are bound more than to any earthly Jjelng? If we do Indeed thus walk in !Hls will, It will he easy to forgive others, and we can pray in honest earnest, "For- jgivg us our trespasses, as we forgive them thai trespass against us." . The most expensive Parliament in Eu rope is that of France. The two Cham bers cost the nation L300.000 annually. 