«PEARMN JEAN." A TRAGIC LOVE STORÏ. THE following story is contained in a letter written by Lady John Scott to the late Mr. James Gibson-Oraig in 1866. Towards the end of the seventeenth century Sir James Stuart, of Allan bank, was travelling in Spain. While ho was at Madrid he saw, and fell in love with, a beautiful nun. He with- drew, her secretly from her convent, and promised her that she should go with him to Scotland as his wife, and that ho would never forsake her. She used to dress magnificently, and from wearing a quantity of the old lace called "Pearlins," ho called her his " Pearlin Jean." After a time he began to think he should have an awkward story to tell if he took her home, ana he made up his mind to get rid of her by leaving Madrid suddenly : without her knowledge; (They did not inhabit the same house.) His carriage and horses stood ready at his door oy day-dawn, «nd- he was just getting in, when " Pearlin Joan," who hud for some reason suspected His treachery, rushed to him and entreated him to take her with him. He pushed her away, without speak- ing, and got into tho carriage.. In her frantic despair she threw herself on her kuees in front of the horses to stop them.- Sir James called out to " drive on." They did so. Tho horsos trampled her under their feet ;, tho wheels of tho carriage went oyer her;-but he, without even looking back upon her, proceeded . on his journey. It was on a dark winter night that ho drove up the avenue of Allanbank. Hisi return had been sudtlon, and,'as ho know, quito unexpected _by his servants. Therefore his surprise was grout when, on looking towards tho house, ho saw that every window was illuminated. As his carriage stopped the great doors were thrown open, and in a blaze of light, " Pearlin Jmn " stood at tho top of the steps to receive him. From that time she haunted him. As soon us ho lay down in bod she appeared, and opening/ the curtains at thu foot* of the bed stood gazing at him. His life became a burden to him ; ho neither ate nor slept, and ho fell away* day by day.. In vain his friends triod to persuado him that his terrors - woro ' imaginary. , He always replied " She is there f "... Ho had a picture taken of her in Madrid. Some of his friends thought they would try and ciire him of his dolusions by plncing this picture on the wall opposite his bed, and open. ing the curtain secretly as soon aa he had laid down, hoping that if ha declared again he had seen the ghost they might then show him the picture and laugh him out of his fears. Two of them hid themselves in his room, and the moment his head was on the pillow they drew back the_ curtains at the foot of the bed. Sir James started up with terror in his counten- ance, and exclaimed " My God ! " There ' are two of them ! " and instantly fell back in a fit. After this time no attempt was made to explain away her appear- ance, and " Pearlin Jean " continued to haunt the house of Allanbank as long as it stood. It was bought and pulled down by Lady Houston (Mrs. Boswell, of Blackadder) ; but whether " Pearlin Jean. " still wanders about the site of the old house I don't know. 