CHAPTE?R XX.-FURTHER DIS CLOSURES. "I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I entered the room in the tower," continued Martha Gee, in her evidence before the coroner. "There was Phyllis dancing ga~ly round the room, humming a love-song. She seemed as gay as a bird, and look ed at me without any sign of recog nition. Too soon I discovered that she had lost her reason. "I suppose it was the shock of com ing round and finding herself in the cof fin that did it. In the hurry none of us had thought of the harm it might do her. Poor thing, it was pitiful to 'see her, and I vowed however long she was In my charge I would be kind to her. The next morning MIr Barron sent for me, and when I entered the library I saw that lie had some fresh trouble in hand. "'Martha what do you think that re probate son of mine has done to add to Il!s iniquity?' lie asked. "'I don't know, sir. I hope it's no thing very bad.' "'He went red-handed, and persuaded Miss Agatha Goddard to elope with him. While we were doing our best to hide his sin, he was on his way to London with her, and she is now his wife. I've half a mind to make a clean breast of It,' he said. angrily. "I implored him not to do so. saying it wouldn't bring the captain back to life, and would put a slur on his own atne. " 'No. I won't say anything; but, mark you, if Agatha Goddard ever finds it out, she'll never forgive him; and if Maud does, it will he worse. They colne of an unforgiving race.' "Time passed on, the captain was buried, and Sir Charles died broken hearted, which added to Mr Barron's grief. Then my cousin Tom began to ask for money, and lie became so ex tortionate that MIr Barron gave him a thousand pounds. and paid his passage to Australia; and since then he's had money sent to him, or he'd have come home, and told all about the murder. "The years went by, and Phyilis Blount never recovered her reason: and then, when the old master died and Mr Martin took his place, and married Miss Alice Sturt, thought that the future would, at any rate, be better than the past. "A\ nicer, gentler young lady than Mrs Martin Barron never lived; but he took against her when he found that she didn't inherit old Mr Sturt's money, and lie tried to poison her. "Oh., gentlemen, when I found out what he was doing, It nearly broke my heart. I knew then as we'd better have let him be punished for the crime he'd done. Getting off had just hardened him to sin; but I made up my mind that he shouldn't poison his young wife, so I told my mother, and we read a hook as she had on poisons, and the anti dotes. Then we got some stuff that was an antidlote to what we thought lie was giving her. and it did Mrs Bar ron a lot of good. "Now, gentlemen, comes the part of my story which will prove that Mrs Barron is as innocent as a babe of her husband's murder. For the last six months I've subject to epileptic fits. They come on quite sudden, without warning, and several times I've been taken just.as I've come down from the tower, before I'd time to close the panel, d Phis h taken the chance to part of it is that she:has never been seed by anyanaobutaMrs.Barron, who treated her with great kindness, and gave her little bits of finery. I had to make up a story to account for her pre sence in the house, and Mrs Barron pro mised not to mention her to anyone. Of course I didn't tell the mistress about the tower chamber. "On the night of the murder I had a fit. I must have fallen down just as I stepped through the aperture, and Phyl lis must have discovered as much. Any way, when I came round and went to the tower she was missing, so I went to Mrs Barron's room. I knew Mr Darron al ways sat up late; besides he had had a roomn in the other wing for some time. My reason for going to Mrs Barron's room was because I knew Phyllis had a trick of going there and helping herself to the pretty things that were lying about. But Phyllis wasn't in the dres singroom, so I went into the bedroom, and she wasn't there; but my young mistress was sleeping as sweetly as a baby. I saw her as plainly as I see you. Tlien I went out of the rooml and down stairs, feeling terribly frightened less Phyllis had got to the smokeroom, where I knew tihe master would be sit ting, and as the door was a bit open I lknocked, then went in, and there, sure enough was the poor girl standing dazed like and as white as a ghost in front of Mr Martin, who I saw, had been foully murdered. "Gentlemen, Phyllis didn't do it. There wasn't a spot of blood on her-indeed, Uie sight of anything red always turned her awful. So I hurried lier to the tower chamber, and having changed her clothes, I took her home, where I left her in the garden. "Since then I've found in the pocket of the dress Phyllis wore that night a scent bottle which belongs to Mrs Bar ron, and I have no doubt she took It and the handkerchief from my mistress's room before going downstairs, where she must have dropped the handker chief. "Gentlemen, this Is tile whole truth, so far as I know it: and I have told you so that I may save my mistress from an unjust susplelon-perhaps even worse," said Martha. as she sat down. "This is a strange story, .gentlemen, and I propose that we visit the tower dhamber," said the coroner. The jury agreed to this suggestion, so Martha was requested to lead the way, which she did, followed by the coroner. jury, police officers, and all who had heard the story. It was a comfortable room, but dull: still there were signs that the girl's pleasure had, as far as possible, been considered. Books of gay colored pictures, and other trifles showed that Martha Gee had done her best to amuse her. "See, this is the coffin." and Martha raised a thick cushion, withl a deep print valance, and showed them the coffn turned the wrong side up. "It doesn't make a bad settee, and It's no worse than a box when one gets used to tihe shape, and I tried to hide that as muchl as possible," she said. While the others were examining this, Superintendent Kitson was looking for thie pistol, which Mrs Carruthers had said would probably be hidden In that room. After poking and prying about he discovered a little box. and lifting the lid, lie found it contained a small revol ver with the Initials "M.B." Slipping it into his pocket, hlie followedl the others, who were beginning to des cend ithe staircase, and they all return ed to the dining-room, when the coron er reviewed the evidence. It was de clded to adjourn the inquest until Tues day- it was then Friday, and the funer al was'to take place on Monday. Of course, Martha Gee's statement was the talk of the district-indeed. of the whole country-but Mrs Gee refused todiscuss it with anyone, shutting the lodge door against everyone, and say ing what she'd done she'd done for the best, and wasn't going to talk about it. As for Martha, she packed her box, in tending to go home, but Alice asked her to stay, so she remained and waited on her young mistress, who was quite pros trate with the shock. Meanwhile, .Mrs Carruthers and Grace discussed the crime, wondering who had killed Martin Barron. The faint suspicion which Grace had entertained of her companion had now vanished, and she was glad to see that when she alluded to the unhappy man there was less bitterness in her tone. "It's a marvellous thing how Martin Barron's murder has led to the truth being known about my poor cousin and PIhyllis ]Ilcunt," said Sir Justin God dard, who had called at the Gables on the afternoon of Martin Barron's fune ral. " How is that poor girl ?" inquired Grace. "Very ill. It is brain fever. Dr. Gra hame hopes, however, that if she has strength to pull through that she will regain her reason." "Do you know that we are summon ed to attend the adjourned Inquest ?" sanid Grace. Sir Justin looked amazed. "Whatever can you know about the matter ?" he said, glancing from one to the other, and noticing how pale Grace had become. Mrs Carruthers turned to him, say ing : "Sir Justin, will you come to the in quest? We do know something about the murder-not a guilty knowledge, but something-and we may be placed in an unpleasant position. A friend's pre sence would help us." "Then be sure I will come." "Thank you. But you will do well to prepare for a startling revelation." lie looked surprised, as he said : "RIevelations just now seem to be the order of the day." Shortly after this he took his depart ure, and Grace turned to her companion, saying : "I am afraid all will have to come out." "All about me-not necessarily about you. Take my advice. Grace, and do not say anything about your past life, for it will not be needful." " 1 hope not; but I am not so sure," was tile reply, spoken in a sorrotwful torne. Eleven o'clock the next morning was tithe tune fixed for the inquest to be re sulmed, and at that hour the two ladles, accompanied by Sir Justin Goddard, took their places in the dining-room at OIl Court Place. The first witness called was John Pur vit. tile groom at the Golden Lion. " Were you out on the night of the 7th ?" "Yes, sir ; my missIs was ill, and I went to fetch the doctor.' "Did you meet anyone on your way ?" " Yes, sir; I met Miss Sturt and her companion, Mrs Carruthers." "Where did you meet them ?" "Nigh the church. They'd just turn el the corner from tile lane that runs alongside the park." "There is a gate into the park; a little beyond there, I think ?" said the coron er. "Yes. sir: about a quarter of a mile beyond." "What time was It when you met them ?" "About half-past twelve, as near as I can tell." "Did they seem to wish to escape no tice ?" "Yes, sir; they hurried past me." "That will do," and as he sat down, Mrs Carruthers was called. "Your full name, please ?" said the coronler. "MaIude Goddard," was the calm re ply. Every eye was turned on her, and Sir Justin sprang to his feet, then recollec ted himslf, 'and sat'down, looking in quiringly at Grace, who, with the ex ception of Superintendent Kitson, was the only one unmoved. "The woman's mad!" exclaimed Mrs Sturt. t:Peatabe nulet, madam," said the please ?" he added, turning to tihewR hess. - -.: .... "What I said is quite true.I iam known as Mrs Carruthers, but my real name is Maude Goddard. Superinten dent Kitson knows that it is a fact, and if you will excuse me for five minutes I will soon remove my disguise." The coroner intimated that lie was willing, and she proceeded to one of the chambers, returning in a few minutes with a fair, though very pale skin, a crop of short, curly, golden hair, and without tile disguising blue spectacles. As she entered the room, without either Jacket or bonnet, all those who had known her in her girlhood recognised the fair, proud face, which was so like her sister Agatha, the ill-fated wife of Martin narron. Meanwhile Superintendent Kitson had corroborated her statemlent, and ex plained that she had given such evid ence regarding Captain Goddard's mur der, that he had come to arrest Martin Barron, when he found that he had in his turn met with a violent death. The recital had aroused great interest in the minds of those present, which was not diminished when IMaude Goddard again took her place facing the coron er. 