Interesting Items. Meeting of the Rookhampton School of Arts Debating Society to-night. 8ubject for discussion : Freetrade and Protection, Honob to whom honor is due. The Government have promocea »r a. A. Ranking to the first class in the Civil Service. Everyone knowt — solicitors, police, prisoners; defendants, and the ordinary arunK— . That Mr Ranking is one of the fairest- minded men in the community. I He knows how to uphold the dignity of I his position, and to make other people re- I flncrnice that he does 80. I Things better left nnsaid. I A contemporary gives BiBhop Moor- I house's (now Bishop of Manchester) very j best : — ' I The family album was under discussion I at Bishopsconrt, and a Sydney visitor, in noticing one face, enlogised it with, " What an intelligent face — a noble | brow." The next leaf revealed a pondorouB gent-, and the inspector broke out with, " How different is this pudding-faced man!" Mrs Mcorhonse paralysed, him wnn, i "Why, that's my dear old dad." I "Ahl um! ah I" murmured the visitor,! ' that is the worst of leaving one's glasses I at home. Now I oome to look closer at it I see a cheerful, agreeable-looking old gentleman." j Moral : Never critioise your ghost's album. The London Missionary Society are, judging by their reports, a very live body indeed. Daring the past century the society hae received no less than £6,600,000, of which amount nearly £1,000,000 has been given by I converts from heathenism. I More than 1000 missionaries and their 1 wivea have been sent out during that I time. I At present the sooiety has 418 mission- I aries yi the field, or whom 19 nave gone from Australia. I They alio have 9400 native teachers, 10 mission hospitals treating 100,000 patients, I 11 training colleges, I Six missionary vessels, 1228 Sunday schools with 55,000 scholars, 2698 day schools with 127,000 scholars, and 95,000 ckaroh members, And 408,000 native adherents. In the Yiotorian Assembly the othorday j Mr Prendergait said that Mr Mathieson, n.. !... iL. .Vr une new ranwaj manager, waa mo caai-ju i of another colony. I " A queer kind of a cast-off," remarked I Mr M'Cay, "seeing that he received £3000 I a year in Queensland. I If he only does halt what we all hope from bim he will be well worth £3500 a. year here." (Cheers.) Nice for his rich relations. — The Chronicle saye that in a certaio fashionable and well-known West End (London) thorough- | fare An elderly individual, who is related to two well-known pnblio men, both in Par liament (one of them a Junior Lord of the Treasury), May be seen sweepings a crossing which leads from the front door of one of these mnn> hn.nnilv-3ituated relatives. Quite a profitable business is done in some large English towns by lending tur tles to restaurants. They are permitted to remain in the I a few days) An/1 arp hVion lotATl ru uiuotouu I the town as advertisements for other eating- 1 houses. The Melbourne Fnll Court has ordered a councillor at Port Fairy to pay £31CD as penalty for having sold material to and performed work for his council to ths value of £26. This ruinous fine is made up by a charge I of £50 for eaoh one of the 68 days when the I -"..i.uuoio uuBuvuiur Dm arier iae oreacn of the Act. The remarkable activity in ths English and foreign bicyole trade during the past six months ii causing an industrial revolu tion at Birmingham and other centres. Thonsands of skilled mechanics have deserted tbe gunmaking and other In dustrie, which bare consequently been paralysed. On the other band, the bicycle-makers are working doable time and earning high wages. The Mount Rennie prisoners, Donuellan, Newman, Keegan, Miller, and Hill, Who are to be released towards the end of November, are all still comparatively young men. Donnellan and Newman are 27, Keegan n.Tt/1 Millor 90 an<4 TXJ1 1 oo TTTi — "in AO aa. vrueo Gr)Z2» victed they were aged from 17 to 22. While In gaol they have all condnoted themselves fairly well, no serious charges having been alleged against tbem. With tbe exception of Keegan, who ia stated not to possess a strong constitution the prisoners are said to be robust, the disoipline and fare having improved them physioally. They have all been required to learn a trade, so that when they come out they will not be lacking in tbis respect. At a eafe a group of gentlemen were dis cussing politics. A young fellow entered and joined in the conversation, But his argument did not please the others, and one of them said to him, " Be quiet. At your age I. was an ass myself." "You are wonderfully well preserved, sir, was the immediate andorushing reply. Accobding to Max Adeler, the North American Indian used to wear a ring in his nose because of the advantage it gave him when he wanted to hold on to anything. If a hurricane strikes an Indian all he does is to hook his nose to a tree, and there he is, fast and sonnd. Also it gives him something to rest hia pipe on while he smoke. 