Review. THE LIFE OF CARDINAL MANNING, ARCHBISHOP OF WESTMINSTER. Bt Edmctnd Sheridan Purcell— London; MacMillan & Co. MISSION WOBK. Noi II. Volume II. of the life will be the more important one to Catholic readers, and al though we feel that Mr. Purcell would have done better to cut short much that has now no great living interest to present-day readers, and have given us more of the Cardinal's personality in connection with his religious and social works, it must still be admitted that the volume is eminently readable from its own standpoint. It is in the introduction to Volume II. that we first hear of the Oblates of St. Charles, the formation and establishment of which is so intimately connected with Cardinal Manniug. Catholics in the poorer districts were losing their faith, and where millions were most needed no missions could be held because there were no priests to hold them. Cardinal Wiseman turned to Manning in his difficulties and bade him to establish a community of secular priests, under the bishop's control, for the express purpose of doing such work. Of this, work Cardinal Manning wrote in 1879 " There remains one work in winch I have hope and consolation above all others—I mean the congregation of the Oblates of St. Charles. It was begun almqst blindly, so little did 1 see then what I see now." This community, with its offshoots and developments, the author states may not unjustly be regarded as the most per manent memorial to Manning's life and labors. THE " EBBINGTON CASE. Following on the correspondence relating to the " Oblates," we come to the chapter which is perhaps the least satisfactory in the book—that of the " Errington Case." Briefly stated the " Errington Case " was a lengthy struggle between two parties in the church in England concerning the suc cession to the See of Westminster. Man ning took—whether rightly or wrongly is not now the question—a pessimistic view of the state of Catholicism in England. In his eyes a Gallican or anti-Roman spirit prevailed, and he feared, should Dr. Erring ton, Cardinal Wiseman's coadjutor, be ap pointed Cardinal Wiseman's successor, it would have an injurious effect, not only upon English Catholics, but upon England. It would throw back the progress of religion for a generation. Under these circum stances Manning considered it his bounden duty and obligation of conscience to re move at all costs and hazards, Wiseman's coadjutor and possible successor from his position at Westminster. At the conclusion of the chapters on the Errington Case, in a letter to Mgr. Talbot from Manning, we find the followinglines . —"We had a tremendous campaign to gether, the last, I hope, I shall ever have. But I see such vast good already from it that I would willingly go through it again." The struggle had been a long one, but success lay with Manning. In the morning of 15th February, I860, Cardinal Wiseman died. His end, as Manning truly described, was the death of the just. RAISED TO THE PURPLE. Before the appointment of a successor, and while the matter was under discussion at Propaganda, Manning, in a letter to Mgr. Talbot, writes:—"If I were to say the subject of it has not been before my mind I should go beyond the truth, for in the last years, both in England and abroad, people have, out of kind but inconsiderate talk, introduced the subject. But if I say that I have never for a moment believed the thing , to be probable, reasonable, or imaginable, I should speak the strict truth. I have therefore never, as you once said people thought,' aimed at it' or desired it. God knows I have never so much as breathed a wish to Him about it.. And in all this time I have been as indifferent as if nothing was pending. I believe I may say that God knows I have lived for work, and not names or promotions." The appointment is finally made, and Archbishop Manning, we learn, bears his part nobly. Though unpopular in many quarters at the time of his appointment, he soon begins to win golden opinions. The nobler side of Manning's nature revealed itself. His force of character was brought out to the full by the difficulties of his position. INFLUENCE OP CATHOLTCISM. In the midst of his labors he found time to discharge the kindly offices of friend and father to his spiritual children,, and, amongst others, some very touching and beautiful letters to Lady Herbert. On her conversion, he concludes a long letter of counsel and kindness to her in the follow* ihg words" Keep as close to GocL as you can, and humble yourself lower and lower. Be very silent; trust greatly in the Sacred Heart, and not much in anything below it, least of all in friends. When the sun goes in they change color. But the Sacred Heart is the same yesterday, to-day, and For ever/' In one of these letters to his spiritual children, speaking of Communion, he says " A day without Communion is a day with out sun." His conversion to Catholicism had a benign influence on his character. In his Anglican days he was held to be a rigorist, and there is a somewhat unique correspon dence between Gladstone and himself on the subject of religious practices and devo tions for people in the world. Gladstone sets about to show that Manning's teach ing could not be carried into effect with prudence or edification. Manning had been considered by some stiff and cold in those days. As a Catholic much of the " formalism and coldness" wholly dis appeared from his character. When Mr. R. A. Coffin, afterwards Father Coffin, of the Redemptorists, first met him in London on some business, Father Coffin found that Manning did not make a good impression on him. On another occasion he visited Father Coffin at St. Mary's, Clap ham, and he perceived that the visitor wanted to be very confidential. Thereupon Father Coffin said:—" Stop! Before you begin it I must first let you know that I am full of temptations against you, and that I often spoke against you on account of this and that," and here he poured out against Manning all that he felt; and told him right out that he was stiff—cold! that he had the parson in him still; that he received too quickly Protestants into the Church, without instructing them thoroughly, and so ' forth. With true humility, Father Manning' listened to all, and, won by Father Coffin's 'sincerity, took him by the hand and said: " Now you must promise me one thing." " I will if I may," answered Father Coffin. "Well," said Father Manning, " it is this, that for the glory of God you will always speak out to me thus the truth." " I snail," answered Father Coffin, and on the spot Father Manning opened himself most entirely to him. CATHOLICS AND THE UNIVERSITIES. A considerable portion of the volume is given to the subject of Catholics and the universities and the relations between Arch bishop Manningand J. H.Newman. The two subjects are closely related, as it was upon the fotmer subject that Manning and New man held opposite views. That two eminent churchmen held divergent views on the subject would not strike one as a very remarkable or particularly painful fact. Mr. Purcell, however, seems to think differently, and there is a long and pains taking chapter devoted to the ventilation of these divergent views. Dr Ward, whose name occurs frequently in this connection, was also much troubled in mind on the University question, and would hear of no compromise. Dr. Ward had written to Newman in a very dolorous strain on the wide divergence of views of Manning and Newman, which called forth the following reply :— " The Oratory, Birmingham, " lSfh WAhiMinrv 1ftAft "My Dear Ward-I thank you very much for the present of your volume and for your kind letter, but far more, of course, for your prayers. I do not feel our differ ences to be such a trouble as you do, for such differences always have been, always will be in the church; and Christians would have ceased to have spiritual and intellectual life if such difficulties did not exist. It is part of their militant state No human power can hinder it, nor, if it attempted it, could do more than make a solitude and call it peace. And thus, thinking that man cannot hinder it how ever much he try, I have no great anxiety or trouble. Man cannot and G-od will not; He means such differences to be an exer cise of charity. And although, to use Manning's words, '* they diverged on duties," there is ample material which goes to show that this "exercise of charity" suffered no abate ment, notwithstanding that there were some points on which, to the end, they could not see eye to eye. We have already noted the fact that Manning was the reverse of a play-goer, but he went even further and discounten anced acting of every form and fashion. We find the following in a letter to Mgr.. Talbot:—" I am most thankful about the English College, and that you had the firmness to put down the vulgar and mis chievous acting of plays. This will begin a new spirit." PAPAL INFALLIBILITY". The history of the Vatican Council is fully given, and here again we find Manning full of zeal, determined, far-seeing. In deed, at the Vatican Council, as elsewhere, Manning was ever persuaded by a con sciousness beyond the province of reasoning, as he on more than one occasion avowed that his side was < the side of Hod. His absolute belief in the doctrine of Papal Infallibility as a manifestation of the Divine Will, made Archbishop Maiming the most uncompromising champion inside the Council and out of the definition of the dogma. There is an interesting document, written in 1881, by Cardinal Manning on the occa sion of the preparation of ah address from his clergy on the malicious attacks of the newspapers, which we would gladly give our readers, but which is too lengthy for the space at our disposal. The following extract from it, however, is well worth citing:—" I will only say that if in the last thirty years, as in the last sixteen years, I had sought either popularity or the world I should not have lived the life I have lived till now. It has still been my lot to defend unpopular truth against popular error." [The italics are the reviewer's own.] "No subjects are less pleasing to English ears than the temporal power of the Pope. . . . In these five primary controversies, which were flagrant from 1860 to 1870, it was my lot to bear a part, and that on the unpopular side. . . . It cannot be that in a life so active, so public, and so various, for more than forty years, I have not acted rashly, hastily, unwisely, but I have endeavored ' to have a conscience without offence towards God and towards man.' In these thirty years, and above all in the last sixteen, you must have much to forgive. There is only one thing of which I feel I can say I am inno cent. I have never cousciously or inten tionally wronged any one. What I may unconsciously and unintentionally have done I dare not say. I ask forgiveness of God and you." LABORS ON BEHALF OF THE CHDRCH AND THE MASSES. Cardinal Manning's work in the tem perance cause is already so well known that we need say little about it here. After the children, it was perhaps the work that lay nearest his heart. His tenderness of heart for the sons of St. Patrick completely won this sensitive and warm-hearted race. The Cardinal always spoke of Ireland with respect and affection. On the introduction of Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule Bill in 1886, Manning expressed his cordial concurrence with the provisions it made. From the chapters headed " Readings and Reminiscences," to the end of the hook, we gather much of the per sonality of the Cardinal. " Hours of Ease," "Self Justification and Self Criticism," " Hindrances to the Spread of Catholicism," Seculars, Regulars, Jesuits will prove some of the most readable chapters in the whole " Life." To those who have read what is, perhaps, the most popular of Manning's works, " The Eternal Priesthood," it will not come as a surprise that he exalted the priesthood apart from the vows. And this he did in order to dispel from the minds of the secular clergy the delusion that, because they were not under vows they were not called to as high spirituality. " The Priesthood," ' according to the Cardinal, is a true Order, the first and chief of all religious Orders founded by Our Lord Himself in bonvm universale ecclesiase." The Cardinal's special and great devotion to the Holy Ghost is well known. The following note of the Cardinal's will throw some light on its source:—" A very simple and devout person asked me why, in my first volume of sermons, I had said so little about the Holy Ghost... 1 was not aware of it, but I found it to be true. I was at once resolved that 1 would make a reparation every day of my life to the Holy Ghost. Tins I have never failed to d.o to this day. To this I owe the light and faith which brought me. into the true fold. I bought all books I could about the Holy Ghost. I worked out the truths about His personality, His presence, and His office. This made me understand the last paragraph of the Apostle's Creed, and that made me a Catholic Christian. From this has come the main teaching of my last twenty-eight years, my two books on the Holy Ghost, my perception of the vital necessity of defining the infallibility of the head of the Church, and the line I took in the Council of the Vatican." Manning had a horror of pulpit oratory. His idea of preaching was " to talk seri ously for God." In a note he says:—" I do not doubt that by choosing burning questions and topics of the day, curious investigations, ok popular subjects, and dressing them up in fine words and above all delivering them with oratorical tones and gestures, I might have gained the commendation of a "pulpit orator." I thank God that all such hearers have gone away disappointed. ... I have tried to say what I had to say in the fewest and simplest words, and my great comfort has been to watch the altar boys, and Bee them listen without moving, and to know that servants and poor people had understood what I said." It was thus " he resolved to follow the one rule and to talk seriously for God." Manning had no literary pretensions. He says " If I have written anything it has been, I hope, in the heads and hearts of those committed to me, especially in the last sixteen years. I wish I could say ' You are my epistle, written in my nana, and known and read of all men, poor chil dren, poor drunkards, and perhaps a few other souls.'" In commemoration of his Episcopal Jubilee the Irish Nationalist members pre sented the Cardinal with an address of congratulation. In the course of his reply, speaking of Ireland, he said:—" My present feeling is one of the most profound hope. Ireland has entered into the most intimate and cordial union with the English people. If I know anything I know the working people of England; and I know at this moment that the hearts of the working people of England have turned to Ireland in true and perfect sympathy." " SLOWING INTO THE TERMINUS." There is much that is pathetic in "A slowing into the terminus," the last chapter but one in the book. The following entry in the diary is found':—"April 7, 1889, Passion Sunday.— I have not lived in society, but among my priests and for my people. If I had gone into society I could have done little. My time would have been wasted; my evenings lost. I should have pleased a few and offended many. A society bishop, like a society paper, is the centre of gossip and in perpetual risk of scandal. I have no doubt that I have been unpopular, and have dis appointed many, but I believe they would have trusted me less, and in their troubles would not come to me as they do now. And I feel sure that my priests would have felt that I was less to them, and my poor would have thought me less their friend and pastor." These are among the last entries in the diary. "The Death of Cardinal Manning," the last chapter of the book, recounts with sympathetic hand the great loss which all suffered in the death of their beloved Cardinal. " A living presence," says ihe author," it will not readily be denied even by the most spiritual minded is something nearer, more potent in its action, more binding in its influence, than the example of the greatest of saints who have passed from our midst. The heart of man, be he priest or no, is very human; the soul, still confined in its prison-house, is apt to lean on things human, on human aids, for its spiritual guidance. It loves to listen to the living voice; to watch the hand that guides; see the light of the inspiring eye.'' Realizing this, it it not strange that priests and people felt acutely their loss, even though there was still left to them the memory of his holy life, his grand per sonality. BEING DEAD BE TET SPEAKETH. To conclude: Will tliis biography dim the lustre of Manning's name F Unsym pathetic and extraordinary as the biography is, we think not. Cardinal Manning as the world has known him is too strong, his per sonality too commanding for even Mr. Purcell, with his perverted ideas of friend ship. It may be that on soil already pre pared to receive anything that would seem to reflect on the church, or any of that church's members, however high or holy, the rc-hash of old dissensions and vexed ques tions, which Mr. Purcell has seen fit to cluster round the great figure of Cardinal Manning, will give to any such their opportunity; but through all Cardinal Manning stands out a great and holy priest of single-hearted devotion. Not Catholics alone, but all good men can but marvel at his life. Like his Divine Master, his heart went con tinually out to the poor, and his tenderness to sinners; a guide and an example of noble life to all; of him we may say, "Being dead, he yet speaketh." Bhie ribbonism. lias made another ad vance. It hqs resolved iipt to drink the milk of cows tliat hhye' bepnfed ohbreivet's grains. They" have how only to 'denounce the;bread Whhib'' 'is raided with brewers yeast—and they1 will' haVe nothing left to liViei hut theW'rfejjufcatiens.- • • Thdy will behtiriig^,'sottieiof:ithbinJ • 1 jk'id.v ,!> 