LONDON- WOOL MARKET . From Our. Special Correspondent. LONDON, 27tii December A few inquiries lor parcels withdrawn during the oourse .of the recent sales, with in many c&ior; nothing or next door to it resulting tbere- fruin, is about ail that was noted the first half of tho week: since then Merry Christmas" has blacked the' Way of all business. The deductions made by a very close observer of the rtlaiive cloan cost of wool purchased on your side, and now being put into work on Continen tal centres, against tho clean cost of parcels scoured during the recent sales, is that the early purchases on your side do not ebow muob, and in « some cases nothing, to the buyers' advantage, hence, not a few of the old fashioned mon hold up their bands in dismay when they hear of tho risks their competitors run on tho chahao of getting 'bargains " at the Antipodes, Unfortunately thoso ohoap linos arc few and far botwoon, oxcopt wheu3 tho "ultimate" markets, as thoy are commonly called, get a bit of a spirt, and then.thc speculator gets a oh&nce.; I was talking the otherdnywith aYorkshireman, and lie gave me a roost doleful account of tho way Homo of the wool dealers had been hit of late years by purchasing on a dear market— at tho eponing of. tho new notion, for in stance — and having to sell oheap at a time . when supplies in Europe woro abundant. I have just hoard the same story from another quarter, but this timo with refer ence to Capo wool. It ecoms tliat tlie wool bhyerB ont thoro have been noting Malay fashioh nnd running atnuok on a!1 the sheep farms up tho country, paying idiotic prices for any sort of wool, good, bad and indifferent, just to got hold of the farmers' trade for necessaries. Now tho wool has ranched the coast towns they find out what a bhindat they have made, and don't know what to do with it, as they can't sell it nt Fort Elizabeth, East London, Durban or Cape Town without incurring n Ifeavy lass, and tho quotations of London values offer no bettor prospicts for realisation. Undor these oiroumstanoeu they have ware housed their wool in the colony, waiting, like Mr; Micuwbcr, for something to thrn up. Tlieso wools nro mostly v dry short flannel or twoed making staple, and, though this trade's present condition is not vefyrosperous, yot I am glad indeed to, report that some of my Rochdale friends arc qui to sahguine that hotter days are near at hand for them as a body. Some of the largo mills are putting in fresh and newer machinery, which - fact Is worth a whole heap of talk about bettor .times, ao for years vpast - jtho . Rochdale jieoplo have been 'curtailing thoir trade, and fearful of spending over so little oh fresh plant owing to the cotton llanhelotte scale. This fraud is being found out, to tho ultimate benefit of your wool growers, no doubt, as thoso flannel mnkors ifi Rochdale atid Yorkshire use-up an immenso quantity of noils, or tho Bhort fibres combed out of Australia!) wool. When the " woollep" trade, that is the branch using short wool, is quiet, then noils are quiet also iu sym pathy, and combers cannot giro such a good p'rlco for their raw wool owing to tho small prices thoy get for the noiis and waste. You will roalise the' importance of this when I stato that same. of the shotl&r; tcodot or hurry wools give nonrly one quiirter of the ole&h-scoured; weight back as noils, while a really good soiind combing wool will often only give one-eighth as noils. I have just now happened on a Yorkshire manufacturer doing business with America, And thought It would be useful to get hit ideas re specting tho movement in favor of a frosh duty on wool; and more protection for American manufacturers. Ho was very strong oh the question that the <( free " wool had not benefited tho United States, inasmuch as it hud reduced the value of their own wool seriously, while the foreign goods had Hooded their markets, to tho groat injury of the Homo manufacturer. This is a viow whicli lias'liscm previously expressed, perhaps, in theso columns.; but it will bear confirmation from a practical quarter. With regard to the future,- under present financial conditions he did not. look for n continuance of tho enormous importation of foreign mado goods. The proposal to "tinker" tho tariff; once again may, however, have a stimulating j effect upon exports from Europe, provided tliat | it seems probable that Cleveland would not veto < the same out of pure cussodnuss and obstinacy. | On the other hand, stocks of foreign goods in America aro understood to be very large, and people cannot go on for over piling them up, especially as the ineroased cost of tho- raw m&teiial; is a serious itoin. With a duty on wool coming within practical range, there can be little room for doubt as to its effects upon Aus tralian wool beiag beneficial, but it ban to be remembered that thoso who have been operating so freely' on your markets must havo lmd some inkling of the intentions of the Republican party on this point, and they have probably been discounting part of the improvement of values which would result. Anomalous though it may seom, quite lately . Aus tralian wool was cheaper in Boston than on either of the colonial or London markets, while their own domestic growth wiis also relatively cheaper thau Aus tralian of similar quality and grade. Tho American wool people are greatly disappointed by tUeir failure to dispose of any largo quantity of their wool clip in Europe, as they had confi dently expected under a free wool rigime to be able to do a large export busiriess. European manufacturers, however, who are famili&r; with the good points of Australian wool arc hardly likoly to tAke kindly to the American produc tion, and if their own candid friends are to be relied upon, the United States wool growors do not yet understand the rudiments of tho art of putting their staple on to tho market in a proper way. Borico the bulk of their clip is ptireiiascd by manufacturers or dealers , who know what is neoessaty to be (lone to put it into shape for "rosale or otherwise, but in competition with Australian growth it will never have a ghost of a ohanco, unless it be at a lower figure, and oven then the best con sumers would rather pay much more money to get a good reliable article. This happily many of your largo wool producers know by past ex perience; whilo, I hope, the smaller growers will lay tbe matter well to heart and thus help to make the position of Australian wool practically invincible against all competitors. Perhaps you will be interested to hoar that about 4000 bales of new ollp wool from Monte Video and Buenos Ayres have just been sold iu Liverpool at an advance of 0£d, to ldi per lb. over the prices realised for 1894 early parcels 12 months age. Tho wool, ohieily cross- bred Lincoln and Leiooster quality, snow? that tue River Plate growers are on the watch to imitate your methods of sorting, Ac.; while, by coming into the market just when practically bare of colonial growths of coario descriptions the mfist favorable realisations for these hurry par cels was secured. All the same, tho Yorkshire consumers do not take kindly to this class when they can get Australian. The French and Ger mans get on muoli better with them than the best m&kors; bf Bradford. The range of values you would hot consider a high one, but allow ance haa to be mndo for tho burrs. Good merinoii fetched 6jd. to 7|d. por lb., and nice looking, well grown eoarse and fiho orossbreds from 7jd. to 9£d. per !b. Soino of the higher priced lots were very light in tho grease and fairlywsll skirted. 