Ladies Letter from Paris. .All that France has of notable families, ani '. they-are'still.legioni attended the reception of- ' itho Dnchesso de Chartre?, - after' tha'ciril ceremony. /The religious Berries:-, was celer brated'm the private chapel ox Chantdlly^-; Chateau, the Residence of the Duc d' Aum≤,^ and "the, invitations ■were limited to the familiea of. both, sides,. Tbo'-happy couple-^: will pass their honeymoon in Tuniria, where - the Cnc de Magenta has secured a large pro-:7 pertj, and is converting it into a vineyjird. v. The bride is aged 25,. animatedrather -than:-. • handsome, like all French ladies; the-.-; bridegroom -is 31, and ' holds."; the' .' ;"rsnk:-v_ corresponding' to : major ih r> an-Vin- 7. fantry regiment;' iThe majorityof«thepra- - schts ^o the bride consisted of jewellery, /and . diarnonds were ahythingbut profuse. - ' "C " ' It is strange the ntimber of youngwomen ■who embark jn .what the 'satirists .'calV the " angcT business.": -This fad, or rather im posture,' bias been suggested by the 'succcsa that has' attended the representations of the -- - Brittany , girl,' Hdllo.' Caedon, aged 23,. who <d^ms to bo the month-piece of the. Arab- . angel Gabriel, and'under that patronage rercals1fortunes,. • hut gratuitously, to Parisians. A society of- doctors has: pro notmccd her to be an impostor, and certain to finisbnsa lunatic. But that does-hot dis courage the outbreak of rivals jrn the pro vinces, and all backed-by believers in uieir .. supernatural powers. In Paris this profession , . counts neariy 400. members,; all women; be- . • tween 30 and P; they must hold a police-•• license, and pay a trade tax. . It must be - a - money snaking busines8.r';The present writer.7 happens to reside opposite to the house where - a somnambulist lives. The number of private: : carriages at the hoU door is .always extraor dinary. The humblo classes* cannot.- be then; taunted with delusions and ignorance. ' . '-7 Tho Princess Alexandra of Cohnrg- does; • not appear to have' had any of her troueseaa prepared in Paris. This astonishes tho dress-: makers and millinera. A few. objects, of jewellery have been made by Paris Anns for '■ gifts from old French friends of her father.' Tho coronation outfit for the Czarina will ba . • sent to St. Petersburg in charge of four y dressmakers and milliners. The" orderfor , ; boots,soulier8,andgemembroideredpantoufle9, - shows that her Majesty's foot approaches the ^ J type of American ladies, which is a cpmpli? '■> mentv The heels of. tho everyday shoes aro;7 high, but it is to be hoped she will not utilise"7 them for tic toe, treading in marble bolls, as do Parisiennes on-the ftagway, to herald their7 coming, as a beadle strikes the ground with: staff in.marching, to warn the mondo soiri^;: - disiinguished CampbcHfl ore ooming. - or to recall tho thump 1 lump'l- like. the. ghost ofy Don Giovanni. : Tho attempt to establish a laundry for:,: lady washerwomen has not'succeeded. That 7/ kind of \rork is ray-laborious 'ift. Pajdsi ond^ .• is chiefly in the hands' of large. companies or * aswoiateclpeasants.There is' no special • do partraenfc for radkingup the linen, the sirens ' of the tub presido also at the emoothing-iron. : Further,' the latter only occupioa one week day of 2-i:Hours.- There is ^oom for opening /stops for. the sale r of .natural flowers, ana .. their preparation for corboille decorations and /"bouquets; - but the-flowers must be -of tho * choicest, - and ^os/priceis. no^'object, oaly-a good' oredit with a floriculturist- of standing :.'is required 'to obtain an; unfailing and early . supply iii season, but especially out of season, < of the raw. materials.-- \ The.trade between ''Paris and-Iiondon in dressed, flowers is enor VmbM.'--'-:.-1', .V; \- Barely; one hears a priyate piano now being : strummed in -Paris.-:: The pedal of bicycle has •dethronedthat of the pianoforte. - This is.a '. Joss forJadj music teachers. Sevoral ofthe . latter now.-fiud employment by giving private <• lessons in chess; this is" a'lounging game .for -Vibe, fair: box, ;and can be enjoyod- between .; cigarettes and .'.'fiveo'clcvcks." Otherdadies ^obtain a livelihood by reading literary papers . ut private soireesthis-is better than "mono i/logues,".and purer. t •' COOXZBT.' • \- (Eufs Sur le Plat.—:One cf the most diffi "cult dishes to properly cook'is fried eggs. Why .'• cannot they be prepared at home as appetis •'ingly as,in a restaurant?'- Because in the ;3attcr theyare cooked'in- the oven, in the ' former over the fire;.'-TheTried egg ought to 7 -figure on the plble having tho' consistency/of -'a properly boiled egg :theu it site lightly on "[" the stomach. " In frying hn • egg care must be t ' taken that the".white is • hot booked- more /rapidly than the yellow; this caix be ^voided "-by having a pan adapted .to cook either oine, ; trvo/or. thrca eggs'ata time; If the pan.be . too spacioqs the egg will spread out, and-tho \- white be done or hardened ere - tho yolk be * well hcated.-' Eggs oook.bost when the heat //falk from above/and the pah' plaoed in the \- Tniddlo shelf of tho oven. Put ono-third of. ] ■ ct butter per two. eggs inthopahjwhen melted add thereto the saltVnerer onr the egg . directly;.5 break - the .'egg; on- a; plate; and ;ffently slideit into the pan ; three minutes-in •.. tae oven suffice to cook; serve hot, sprinkling ; a little pepper -and chopped parsley on;. the V yolk.: •> • / ";'.r Haricots de Mouton. — Perhaps after[the~ : i-histprio poi au feu, this is the most popnlar . - arid cheapest dish in France/. Select morsels ,of mutton from .the. breast, or ahonlder, and [ -permit them-to slightly brown in: a'leauoepan /with p.little butter ; allow the latterto brown ' slightly after removing die .mor^ls^nreplace /■the. meatin the.sauoepan, add a little'-, stook," ;or'water,-tol^'. peppsr/; and a buuoh of fine .[ .herbs, and let all cook infidly for two. or three \- .hours. |In the interim/ cut tho turnips into'dice mors^ hrb'wn them id a pan with: butter, ; .and: add "'.them, to the..meat with 'morsels,of [potatoes and. barrots if desired,: and allow, the "totals contents to voook slowly for an hour. This whs. the only dish. Napoleon HE. en ' joyed; he dined on it seoretly, as didThiers. 