A SHATTERED HOM.E. AN AUSTRALIAN BUSH STORY. (By a Juvenile ' Fiieeman' Contbibtjtob ) CHAPTER I. 'How lovely! What exquisite colouring! Isn't it beautitei P Who is Vao artist p' The foregoing ^eyo eonao of tho expressions Uttered by a crowd of persons, who stood admir ing a largs pictn?9 in Sho Sydney Mi Gallery. Tba paiming represented s bsaatifol woman, of ffegol height ant! beai*iu!.Tj and oboot twenty-five years of ega. Oao glsneo at £ha face disclcsad to the ob ervor its fonltleas form and oadino. bat the?a wag soaaething else that called for longe? and cloaor Bciuiiny. It was oof: tho marble whiteness of the akin, through vyhich fhe bine veiao showed so clearly, but tho expression in the Ibfsjq violet; ayes, foe i-a thai? luminous depths, iatonso pait3s hopeless oorirosF and sad' asss weY3 moafafally bleadsd. Tho gcbjesfe of ths pain'ing was dirossad in a eoifc- flosyiug vobe of light bias colouv, confined to fhe waiat by o golden-coloarod silkea givdle. Soh white l&ce; encircled tho finsiy-raouldod nr,uk and arms. Her goldon-tbranded brown ha.u fell in a wavj EQ&GB; faaio;? ho? wai^t, aad was bound i*oand t'j© head with u. goldc-a filler, after tba manner of the woman of Ancient Greece ; while hea1 3ye browa and loshrs wero black. Karfov? golden eoloored ribbono ench'ded hsi? db?1i and wrists. Thcugh the woman i? tho moat conspicuous pait of the painting, fcha dainty bit oi soenory in which sho isoacloaad deserves brief msutioa. A narrow claor cre^k ?ormsd hore q tiny woter^ fall, and ther» a stili pool ; on ons side of it grew a magaificiant oak tree, vyhich ata'otchad aoros8 end wrapped its b?BQcfaeg around the trunk of a stately guffi on the otheE side, Jagt whore it could obtain the most aanQhine, which it loved, floai-iahod o bash of Auatpaiio's floral pride, the golden wattle, covered with its silken yellow balls. Ciareacs Eeval, tha artist;, is coreleosly lean ing against a status, watching the crowd aboct his pioturo ; vyhen a hand is laid upon his arm, and a voico exclaims: 'I congratulate you, Olorenee, my boy ; yoar focoie and fortune are assda ! Bat yoa have been very close about it, and S96OI to take the fact of you.? suoceso sathoir coolly.' The a?tiat, a grnva-looking msn of thiety-five, retaras his frioad's heorty handshake,, and says .— 'If you would like to haar the story connec ted with that picture, come aloag to my studio, Harry, and I will toll ifc yon.' Henry aaoented to this proposal, and the two friends wore soon coated in Rival's cosy den, Where he at once began hio uiory. 'About ssvt-n yearo ago, B.any, I yeoaived en invitacioa f?oo3 my sister Ida ond her husband, to pay thum a visit at Murra Bar?a, where they were liviag. As I was needing a change bt'.diy, I accepted With eogeraeos this invits, and a few days be fore Chjritttmaa found me- inatallsd in my aisfcor's painty eottr^e hooae, Tha days succosdiny my arrival at Murra Barrah J paasad in exploring the surroaDding country, diacovouiau aoms pretty little views which 1 copied. On tho morning of Christmas Day I iufoymad Ida that I woa Hoing in search of a phce cailad ' S.r Edward'a Gct 4on.'' 'Don'cgo thci'd, Gbiiflie, ic you a?e at all aervoos,' said m? sistev, haghingly ; 'they say j,t is hoontad.' 'OS 'wsll,' I lightly vejoinad, ' I am not likely to moot the g'lost in brood daylight, and , I have been told tho ptaeo is worth oaeiai-.'' '. Starting evrly, as I wanted to got there csad bfiok before the fcorribla host of mid- day, I, cf tee LBif.'fin-hoar'(5 brisk walkmg, arrived at my de? Ssnetioa. 'fiiiQ garden waa a circle of velvety grass, .terracsd down to the edge of a tiny ayeoh that divided it in tho centre. Tiio ,t -r?acoB were oonneotsd by stone steps and gravelled walks, ? now Dlmost bidden by mos-J and areede. Too tjarden had baon the p?ope?ty of an En^lishmia, but since his return to Eoglond on his accoBiiion Jo a title, ten yesra bafors, tho gurdon bad ? eon entirely negloctod. But mvea as it was aow, I felt quito repaid for my tfoubla iu oming, if it was ooly to sao tha fino English traea jflourishing by the oide of oar own oativo gata and pine, besides tho view, from ifcy cofismGia^ ing portion of tho fluyroucdi;:g coantiy5 vvqs mop; niticent. Before commc- noiDg wotii, I threw myself down on tho grasp, with my biick ogaint,t n tree, bnd pifep^ed lot hEilf-an-hoac'o idU en joyment. ?' I remained psrfectly still fo't1 6omo fcimc, and was beginning to g-t drosmi-, owing no rioubr to tho absolu'.e utiiln^ss that, rei^n^d in t«e o*5 eluded spot, when I suddenly bscarajoivoro oi R curious feeling wtuuh I could not aocouut fo?. For a motaont I thought I had f.llon asleap, then I tued to sbeke the uncsmjy Gefisation off, and took up my ponoil to begia 1237 wo?k. Of'urnibg my head to, look for my book, my eyes encountered something tsiot causod my hourt fi (bea.t at a furious' rate, and then suddenly stop fof k'a Baotaerit. In a Second, the woeds surged ?titfoug'h my braia./ 'They ooy Sib Edward's p-arden is iinuntcd/ \\{ J — — — — — — ? CHAPTEE II. ' I recovepod my sensae after a moment or twok aa I perceivod nothing ghostly about the fiijurs upon which my gaze was riveted. A. -5?0£aon wosstGnding upon iha bank of thooyeek, tho perfect whiteness of wboao face hod oisrtleci me so, fos it might havo beoo enrved from marble, mo stii! and possionloss did it saoni. Bat it wan the expression in tho woman's largp hnmid oyes that took my attention most. It can hardly bs- described. I have heard, Horry» of the look (q tho eyes 0? a dying fawn, rand chat is the only thing to which I can compare tha osprassiou in hers. Toe lady scood exactly in front of m^, a id lee? then tweaty yc?ds distant, hot faaads crossed in front, one holding a bronch of v?atUo, and tho sun shining on he? abundant hail', tu?n iag it to glorioaa gold. Thus she stood for oeveral miautoF, gsziag straight before her, and perfectly atill, like a splendid atatua. Then I noticad her shivo? aligfafciy; hee houds clasped convulaively, a oigh that was almost n mono oa cuped f?om her ported lips, and nevo? shall I forget tha agocy ia he? tonoH as aha spoko. Extending her arsus in a gesture of V7ild satroaty, qhq exclaiicnod : ' ' Afiaoid, ojy datliEig, why doa't you come to me? I am s:j t'wati of waiting ! Oh ! my hus band, why h&yo; you tos-ssken msp1'' ' Thpro was a sfio?t p&uso;, daring which sho sooixsod to bo listening intently. Ths'j hs? arms dropped, aad lurniag away with a haavy sob, she ailoatly glided over tho graaa, and dieappsaEed among tho trees. Ffom the moment in whioh the wotBBa had appoored, I had beam liko one under oome mserneric sp^ii, foi' I did not onoo ifemove my ?JcascinBtsd gr.z»j from ixor, and ovon e\ftor she had disappeared, I continued looking at the placa where oho h'Bd boon. ' The poacii slipping faom tay relcfod fia^vro, aronoed 030. I upraag up, and harried tq'whoie tho sorrowful viaitoff had pasaad oat of sight, bat could fiod no ttaco of her, although I noarchod in oyery diiaotipn, At last I gava it up, Bad vocovdntig my pentsii Qiad book. I lofc tho spot. Hut I had nob gono veyy t&v; bofctfe I almost ?&n; into tho arias of D?. Bostmm, whom I bad Rj»t at my sinter's. Scarcely knowing whui I did, X at onoo binftod oat to hita tho eu eamatnnciig of tho DtrsiBK*s oeono I had just wit noami. In^t^od of buFsiing into a load laagh, ao I fully oxpsctod him tc, ho oi^hod deoply, pnssod hia hand boi'osq his brow, and then GEolaisut'd, with 0 vsUomeuce which startlad mo : 'Oh! enrse fclioso inhuman wrotches, who hold hoaoan lives at the vnloe oi 0 few pioces oi gold V 'Noticing my look oi aotoui&hraisnt;, the doc« tof controlled himself, end o^id t ' Forgive rao fot1 startling you, Mi1. Sovul ; bat what yon h_,v0 jucit k'elattid to mo pooallo u bifcief rsmotEbrsRoe. It wao not a ghost yoa osv/, out tho mournful biscidow of ii ouoo bright auci buaatitul vyomon. It you will optisro sno on ison*1, I will toll yoa about fcho ts-agody tlv-t reqai-ed tho lifa oi a bsight, hemdaoujo young ffinj, tba ?OQ8on oi his y«.un«; v/itJow, iini tas consp otj orptiiiauge oi' a belpLs.i babe.' ' ? ? *' I at onoo'ostiontisd to this proposal, ond aifc ting at tho foot o£ n ^eoafc oak, the doctor told me tho following story of an awful tragedy. ?'It; wqs Qferistesns tlmo five ^eo?s ©go/ bpgaii tho doctor, ? that J wrS openSing a few woeko with Mr. Dalton, a wealthy equate, who owned one of the finast and largest runs in Australia. Ho had an ooly soa, Arnold, who aotd Q3 Q10 father's managoj?. Araold wqb married to one of the most bacmtiful women i boo boon my lot to see, and h? adored his wife ; while Ethel worshipped hep huaband, who was iu evos'y way worthy of hep love. Their a.iion had a month bafa e the time of which I spask boon camoHt^d by the birth oi o daaghtor, and tho youog pai'ontd ware supremoly happy in iho poGssssion of the little -treaeure, at whose advent tha fair young mother's face hod gainsd an added charm. I tall yoa' thip,' continued tho doctor, 'so that you may faily uadorotaud the effects oi tha terrible fragedy that followed.' ' ' Ait old lived in a large cottage oq a popt of the ?QQ distant about two miles from tho head otation. All tho moa employed about the station slept in ohede, about one bun drod yards from tho big houso. Arnold kept only two 8BPvnnto at his place, q middk--ug0d wooasn and her son, a lad of sixteen. We were b laygs, mof?y pasty at the head station, for Mr. find Mi'o. Dalton, Rsaioi1, wore fond of company. Several ladssa gfecad th-a corapnny (which other wise consisted of neighbouring squsttefs ond savoi'al viaitora fi-oni Sydaoy) vvitu thoir pee asnes, ' 'At fche diflner-tablo on Ohi'iatraos Evot the ccnvGrsQtion turnsd upon the oubject 0? Black Cap, tho noto?iouo bushjangor, one gectlcman SByiog fchot. he had boon seen withia twenty miles of Muvrn Basra fchst vary doy. This stotsmont wan challenged by other? mombore! of tha paifiy, who dsclarod tfja'c Black Cop whs reported tho day bsforo as boing a hundred miloa ia asiothor dirsction altog^thee. Tho oub joot wag treated with lightness aad merrimoat Ttio cry of ' Black Gap and his gong o?o in tho the neighbourhood !' hud ao often baan poisod, 'hot wg had ^eown ngod to it, and took ho aotioo, or turned it into ridicule. It waso qaai1 ter to twelve thos night when I tn?ned oat my lamp, and svas pvopa.mg togat into bad, whan I heard Mr. Dalton talking to someone in the pag. »age : ' Eonoo tho men, Job,' I heard him say, ' and toll them to hava tho horBeo saddled ond roody in flvo isiinutos.' ?'I Fesiohad tha dooi' just in time to see Joe, tha tad horn Arnold's place, fcshIi away to oboy fchis order. . My. ho«t nuw mo standing in tho doorway, and be briefly explained .? ' The bnsh Bangors have stack up Arnold's hoaso; we ohall aood you, dootov.' 'lo fivo Qjinafflci a ^ozoa of us were in tlio ORddlo osid tiding dq ffost as wo could go to Av nold's plaes. It wbq a chsap, stnvlit night, find p,a V7o casein flight qf tha bo«ua we gbw iU^ bapbs'da^oj's, who had hoard our approach, make a stuo'o It'os? their hoirBQD. Flioging shomaelvsjo into iho saddle, r,boy iotje through tho bufjli, pur siioi by so ma o^ oas1 party. CHAPTER III. ' ' Mf. Dallon and I, with two 0? three others, anteted the houao. Oa the dining-room floor law Arnold, his head supported by tho eervont. womcB, who had bravaiy amsted hep mneter in the defoooe of his home, whilo bis wife knelt bv his flida trying to stop tho flow 0? blood ; and I ahsjl never forget the anspecfcable rnguish wniten on hex face aa sho looked up on on? entering. 'I knolt down by the sido of Avnold to txamino him, bot tha first look ot hi?. Hob had sBeuped mo that ho who sonously iDiu?-d I took the elder Mr. D^ton oside, and told him that s heavy bullet, fired at closo qnurtoiB, had passed «Rh« thifongh Arnold. iajariDg tho spine in its oonrao, ami there wp,b aot the faintest hope of uib recovery ; bafc I forbade spyona to maa tion this to bia wifo, for tho haunting, terrified look oa her etramod, white face alarmed me greatly. Arnold might lingo? fo- Q few weekg bat we expfoted parolysin wrulcl enporvan*. And it did. For the thpoo weeks that inter vened between tho ?eoeip*, o2 the deoth-wound Bad the fiaol Qi^ht ci tho spirit, Arnold lay un conamons, wa'ohed iaosBBanay by his dsvot«d wue, who could aot be petanaded fco leave his bedendo fop a moment. ' ' For d ttvr morosnte, at the end, Arnold ^ss ooDscioas, and able to whippy n few words of loviofi farewell to his yoanB wif,-, and hia hopo oi a future hr,pp» veuuion. Ethel did not swooa op go into Hysterics, as moat chs? woman would h tiro done. Hop bomo^ was too dsop for that S .e siit by ths gids of the lifeless clay, and aa ii jman powop, exoepting bodily fo,?co. could mcrca her. Ha' fnonde aad polatives feaved that she was lest follow^ her hnaband ; thny triod en treaties, ovEumentw.eoEsssaands. No use. They broQght h^ danghtev, q tiny bo.br of two months, to he? eide, but tie stuekon mother looked at the child bs she might have glanood at a marble image, Every Seeiing wqs c?aahod by ^P. tap,' rible shock of that heartbreaking QQloraityj'v?hiofi osme without any warning in the midst of theip conanlpte happiaogB. 'Fot oven when Bthel hed fokosj her last lool? ot A-oold e face did she bvoab down ; but the oli mas cacie on the day when thoy c^ned the bady away Jos bund ; her {riendo returned from the f an«i-al, to find ber in b raving delirium. She re» eoverod from the bFQin f09B? tbot followod, but her rcHBon hua suffovod irropavable injury. ''Ethel's and. Arnold's daughter ia'now q bright, pretty child of five, but the mother doeg not reoognizs bar. g^e does not know that she has 0 child. The ono and only idea with heF is that she moy soraehow or oomewhore find hep hoabDod, end,' concluded tho doctor quietly, she will Dot bove long to wait uow. I wondes that eho hoo stayed so long. I have finished, Mr. Saval. I hope I havo not wearied you. My Reason fop confidiDg in yOa was portly that I might induce you to allow your adventure to foiuaiti u uocrac ro° a sao?(: wBile. Ttiers is an absurd s-umour Dbpoadthat Si? Edward's Garden ia haunted, ond I have given colour to it fop the ©xprass purpose of keoping the garden free from intension, aa I kaow that M?o. Dalton wcadepa here every now ond then in her ooapch for he? bnsbond. I and two or throe members ol the Dalton family are the only ones in ths secret.' 'Day aftou da?, during tho ?emainder of my stay nt Mqppo JBawa, I betook rayoolf to Sip Edward's gardeD, in hopes of seeing my won ch'oos vision ones mo?o. I won beginning to despair, whan, on the vopy diay before mj retntn to town, JhQte rAood my ongsl, in oppootonoe and poaUioa osaefcly tho bihohb ao on tho iosmes oee^uioE. ' : 'M? peaoil wqq not idlo this time, and I worked brPBthloBBly, fpapinfj every moment that she vcooid diaappoop. Aq I gazssa upon hep face, it sndrionly lighted up with an expression og gi-eat joy, and advanoing a stop 01? two, with arras out.sfcpBtched, sho exclaimed ia low, qniver» mg tonan: 'At laot ! ot last! my darlitfg, tho! long, long Vtiitiag is over. You promisod m& Arnold, ond. I know that you *7cald como.' 1' Scnbly th? expression passed, and wag sne oaeded by another. Mafeing 0 motion of hep bond (0 hop Jeftoido, sbo swayed slightly befoyo my eyos, and thon flunk slowly dow», and ley, as ttanuRh oelcep, with hav head pillowed oq 'q gnamy boalr, 'With a startled cry, I oproiiR to be? oide. and jraiaed her head. Sho opened hs* eyes, smiled, and said in 0 faint whiapor :— ( Yes, Arnold 5 1 am oomin^, denr ; wait for me ; there,' tsko my hand, arad help ma over the Qtroam.' And with a long, quivering Bigh, her spirit fled' ]oat at tho moment when acme of her friends Bppeored 00 tho soane. I osploinod to thorn th© oiroomstcneeo of M?s. Dalton'o death, and my prossneo there, oud then ?oiadared qp my Gaeredt' ohorgo into th^ir. keeping,' ? ' gLOSENOE AMBROSE, Mrs. M. M. Whitoraft, Toronto, Ontario, says : «I have used the Canadian Healing Oil for neural gia and rheumatism, and also for ulcerated teeth, and think it is the very best medicine for these complaints ever discovered.' 