STRAY THOUGETS, As continued health Is vastly preferable to the happiest recovery from illness, so Is Innocence superior to the truest repentance. Love is good, and does good wondrously without thinking about it, and without knowing it. Love does good by deeds and words, and without deeds and words-by touches, by looke, by glances. It is not what men doubt, but what they believe with mind and might, the faiths they assimilate and reproduce in conduct and character, that save them from sin and make them strong to do and endure. People often eulogise practice when they mean only routine, boasting themselves as practical teachers, intending thereby that they do only what has always been done, and do not mean to do any better to.morow than they did yesterday. The nmn who Intelligently thinks and acts for himself will respect the sam3 charaoteristic in others, and will extend the same hospitality and sympathy of thought and word that he desires for himself; whereas mere similarity, formed by a weak imitation, affords no mcre coherence than do grains of sand in the same vessel. Patience says " Be not aghast Hold hope and truth within thee fast, And let Fortune work forth her rage." The one gift to give to children is the power of self-control. Give them the habit of it and the knowledge to understand when they should take themselves in hand. That is worth a fortune in itself, and is far better than the "machine drill" of enforced obedience. The child that is restrained by orders only will be sure to fly back, like a released spring, as soon as the pressure is removed. Lst it be taught to appeal to itself, to judge for itself in little matters of the nursery, or in matters of dispute with others. When we feel with another, we shall be keen to detect the causes of his joy and pain, and quick to promote the one and turn aside the other. Men and women, to lead worthy lives, muEt have a just respect for others. What ever tends to realise and to strengthen these promotes human welfare. Practice and theory must go together. Theory without practice to test it, to verify it, to correct it, is idle speculation; but practice without theory to animate it is mere mechanism. In every art and busines theory is the soul and practice the body. The soul without the body in which to dwell is indeed only a ghost, but the body without a soul is only a corpse. Many things lightly o:alm our atten tion ; but none of them will receive it aright if our thoughts wander aimlessly from one to another without a guide. The parent who discovers that he may rightly yield to the tenderness he feels for his child is in some danger of forgetting the paramount duty of training him to fcrtl tude and endurance. What soothes suffering, what sanctifies labour, what makes a man good, strong, wise, patient, benevolent, just and at the same time humble and great, worthy of liberty, is to have before him the perpetual vision of a better world casting its rays through the darkness of this life. None are truly happy but those who are busy; for real happiness lies only in useful work of some kind, either of the hand or the head, so long as over-exertion of either is avoided. It should be the aim of every one to be employed. If all men andwomen were kept at some useful employmeqo, there would be less sorrow and wickedness in the world. Life consists, not in the abundance of things that we possess, but In the good and honest work that we do. The habit of concentration does not necessarily make a person so absorbed in one thing as to become narrow and one sided. He may become so by yielding wholly to a native impulse of dwelling on one thing; but the esme self-control that ccncentrates his energies at will can also divert them at will into another channel when the proper times arrives. Thing said is said, and forth it goeth, Though thou repent it, or be loth. Enjoy life whi'e you can, but be ever ready to work when called upon. Here is a danger-signal against the mistake which some psoplo make who regard enjoyment as the object of life and work as an un fortunate accident. Whoever can work with the beet heart, zeal, and industry can, as a rule, play with the moet pleasure. The consciosnetss of duty neglected will cast a veil over the brightest enjoyment. In the actual prct(ce of daily life you will find that wherever there is secrecy, there Is either guilt or danger. It is not possible but that there should be things needed to be kept secret; but the dignity and safety of human lif e are in the precise measure of its franknem. There is no fear for any child who is frank with his father and mother; none for men ora wmn whoJ ar h?ak wilh Gt. ' 