CHAPTER IX. Paul Mukös Himself Useful. The day following Mrs. Loring's dance a telegram was dcLivered to Ruth, aud ou opening it she read: "If convenient, mother would like you to return this evening." It was signed "Mitchell," and came from the _ post ollice near Silver-square. Notwith standing the careful wording of the message Ruth felt alarmed; it was very unlike her stepmother to. summon her home at a mo ment's notice, and she feared something was seriously wrong. She instantly dispatched a telegram mentioning the train hy which she intended returning, and, hastily packing up, she said good bye to her hosts, promis ing the disconsolate Nora to "return and finish her visit another time. When she reached the terminus she was surprised at being met by her father's clerk, whose strange story had so interested her a few evenings before, and her uneasiness i was increased when he told ber that her I father had sent him to meet her, and to ex ; plain the meaning of thc sudden summons, r "I hope you were not alarmed, Miss Mit [.: chell," said the young man. "Mrs. Mitohell I has met with a slight accident. The doctor ; , -says lt is not likely to have serious results, ?but I thought-I mean Mr. Mitchell thought you would like to he at home with her." "Certainly," replied Ruth, "I am only too glad I was summoned at once. Please tell me. exactly what happened." Paul told her briefly, as they drove rapid ly" from the station, that early in the morn ing, just after Mr. Mitchell had"left, Mrs. Mitchell had gone up'sfairs to dress, and on her way down again had somehow missed her footing and. fallen . downstairs, giving her head a severe blow. The servants, hearing the sound, had rushed to the spot, and found -her :^yin'jg': .íúgétíslble,. .tíie. -blood trickling from a wound on lier temple. They had managed to lift her on to the sofa, and thea one of the maids rushed fran ti cally to the office, while the others, too frightened to have their wits about them, stood in a group round tho door of the sitting-room, without eveu thinking of sending for a doc tor. Mr. Mitchell had a terrible shock when ho heard the news, and hastened homo at once, but the doctor who was call ed in had succeeded ¡in reassuring him by his cheerful view of the case. It was later that Ruth heard from her. father how helpful and thoughtful the young clerk had been when Mr. Mitchell, half stun ned by the shock of the news, had been glad to avail himself of his modest offer of help. lt was he who ascertained that no doctor had been sent for, and who arrived at the house with Dr. Beamish a few minutes later than Mr. Mitchell, whom he had helped into a cab, togetEer with the frightened servant. It was he who had suggested, and, indeed, dispatched the telegram to Ruth, and who had timidly volunteered to go and meet her and break the news. Mr. Mitchell, usually so strong and self-reliant, was at first quite shaken by the suddenness of the blow, the Jiysterical (housemaid having conveyed to him the idea that his wife was already dying or dead, and the ready tact and self-forgetting thoughtfulness of the young clerk were in expressibly comforting to the older man. When he returned with Miss Mitchell her father insisted ou his coming in and joining them at supper. Mrs. Mitchell had recover ed consciousness, and was calmly sleeping, and Mr. Mitchell's spirits revi red wonder fully at the sight of his daughter Ruth, so that the day that began so badly closed more cheerfully than any of the household could have predicted. "Come round here on your way to the of fice to-morrow," said Mr. Mitchell; "or no, better still, call there first, and then come round here with any letters that may have arrived for me. Tell Mr. Warren I shall probably be late, as I shall wait to hear the doctor's re port. He can send any message by you that is, if you don't, mind acting errand-boy," he added, smiling. "I shall be only too glad, sir," was the re ply, "and I hope to find Mrs. Mitchell much better in the morning. Good night, Miss Mitchell." "That young fellow has his head screwed on all right," said Mr. Mitchell nodding, as the door closed upon the retreating figure. "Upon my word, I never was so upset in my life; while, as for him, he seemed to think of everything." "Poor old dad!" said Ruth, affectionately. "It must have been a terrible shock for you; I wish I hadn't been away." "Well, it's bad luck that you should have had your visit cut short, any way," said her father; "but I knew you wouldn't be easy away from home if you knew you were wanted. But now otf you go to bed; you look as pale as a ghost; I shall have you laid up next." Ruth pleaded in vain to be allowed to sit up with Mr's. Mitchell, but was relieved when told that her old nurse, Mrs. Mild water, had been summoned, and would sit up with the patient that night. So, kissing her father, she obediently went upstairs to bed, after a glimpse into her mother's room had assured her that she was still sleeping peacefully. Tlie next morning Paul called at the house in Silver-square with a message from Mr. Warren that there was nothing which spe cially called for Mr. MitchelPs presence, and begging him to leave the business, for that day at least to his, Mr. Warren's, care. This Mr. Mitchell was not sorry to do, as he had been working hard of late, and the shock had upset him almost more than he careel to allow. By the evening, however, Mrs. Mitchell had recovered sufficiently to be moved on to a couch in her bedroom for au hour's change. As Mr. Mitchell was crossing the hall from tlie study on his way to his wife's room about niue o'clock his servant opened tlie door, and Paul's voice was heard inquir ing news of Mrs. Mitchell. "Is that you, Paul?" asked Mr. Mitchell. "Come in, and I'll give you the latest bulle tin myself," he added, cheerily. Paul hesitated. "I didn't mean to dis turb you," tie said; "I only wanted to be sure that Mrs. Mitchell-" "Bring Mr. Paul lu, and shut the door," interrupted Mr. Mitchell, peremptorily; "the wind's enough to freeze one's marrow." There was' no gainsaying the master of the house when ho took that tone, so John Paul entered tlie hall, and followed Mr. Mitchell info the study. They were hardly seated, however, when a tap came to the door, and Ruth entered quietly, sayir.g: "Mother is back in bed, and would like to see you before she settles down for the night, father. Good evening, Mr. Paul. I didn't know you were here," she added. "He came round lo ask after your mo ther," said Mr. Mitchell, "and I made him come in. I want to send a mesage by you to tho office, by the way, so wait here till I come back, if you don't mind; iuy daugh ter will look after you till I return," he add ed, as he left the room with his usual brisk step. Paul saw his chance, and determined _ to take it, being a young man who, notwith standing some painful experiences, was apt to act 011 impulse, and who Avas not -trou bled w,ith the bashfulness which comes ..from conceit or self-consciousness. "Miss Mitchell," he began, somewhat hur riedly,, "if you don't mind my troubling you With' my private affairs, I should so like " to-'ask your advice in the present crisis. There is simply no one else to whom I can go, and . it would be such a relief if you would let'me tell you everything." "I am sure my father-" began* Ruth. "Forgive me, Miss Mitchell, but your father is just the man I can't speak tb, and as I may not have another chance, and my time is short, I must be unpardonably brusque, I'm afraid. lu two words, I have been offered £200 or even £300 a year on condition of my returning at once to Austra lia, and making no further effort to recover my property." Ruth noûded. "I'm not surprised," she interpolated. But Paul Avent on quickly. -if 1 do not accept these conditions, I am threatened Avith arrest for attempting to ex tort money on false pretences, and if I swear the truth in court but fail to prove AV hat I say, I am liable to a long term of imprisonment for perjury. The pretended Paul Loring knows that I have no money and no proof of my statements, and he is strong enough to do anything to keep what he has stolen." Rutli shuddered a. little, as the determined face of the owner of Loring Park came vividly before her mind's eye. "Yes," she said, "he does not look like a man AA*1IO Avould bo easily turned from his purpose." Paul looked up astonished. "What, do you mean to say you have seen him?" "Did you not know that?" said Ruth, an swering his question by another. "Tho friends with whom I Avas staying in Surrey took me over to Loring Park; indeed, the in ducement my school friend. Nora Harris, of fered me when inviting me to visit ber at her .aunt's house Ayas the prospect of a dance at Loring Park. I hesitated about going, but my father and mother sa AV no objection, and over-ruled my scruples. Mrs. Loring is one of the sweetest women I have ever met, but her husband inspired me with the strongest and most unaccountable repugnance." "What a strange coincidence," exclaimed Paul; "though, indeed, it makes me hesitate to reveal to you the terrible secret Avhioh I have" learnt, Avhich makes me inclined to accept the terms offered, and go quietly ?away from a place Avhere no one Avants me, and where my coming seems to bring no thing but trouble and SOITOAV." His voice shook a little as he said these words, and he rose and walked across the room". Ruth's warm sympathies were more than ever aroused for this lonely waif, stranded on an unknown shore, and deprived of friends, fortune, and birthright. Besides this she would not have been a true woman had the words "a terrible secret" failed to raise her curiosity. "You mustn't speak in that despondent way," she answered cheerfully. "The fact that the man AVIIO has robbed you offers to make even the smallest compensation shows that his position is probably not so-strong as it appears. He evidently has some very good reason for not wishing the matter to become public." "That's AA'hat they call roman's wit, I sup pose," said Paul, the cheery tones restoring his drooping spirits. "My father used al ways to say that a woman's instinct was better than any man's reason." "Well, my woman's wit, as you call it, hasn't guessed your secret, though my wo man's curiosity scents a mystery it would like to solve." "Well, I have gone so far that I can't draw back now," said Paul, desperately, "though I fear what I have to tell you will hurt you terribly. But it will explain to you why I cannot speak to your father, and Avhy I feel so strongly tempted to throw up the game. I knoAV who the so-called Loring really ls. Tell me-you have seen lum cannot you possibly guess?" Ruth's face grcAV pale as she glanced up at him apprehensively, as he stood looking down at her AV i th an expression of anxious sympathy and pity. "Surely it cannot be-Oh, no! it is impos sible! Is it my unfortunate brother AVIIQ has done this?" Paul looked at her sorrowfully. "I am a brute to tell you this-to give you pain AA'hen you have been so good to me; but I have racked my brains in vain to think 'of a way out of my difficulty, and at last I determined, if ever the chance should occur, to ask your advice. Perhaps you may 9ee some way out of the terrible tangle in Avhich I seem to be involved. For my part I had almost decided to accept tho terms offered, and return to Australia, as I have already told you." ..".No, no; you must not do that," said Ruth, eagerly. "Let me think it over, and see if there is no other way out of the difficulty. I never dreamed that we were so deeply in volved in your fortunes, or rather misfor tunes. Here is an envelope; write your ad dress upon lt, and you shall receive a letter from me in a few days. I think I hear my father's step on the stairs, so lose no time." Paul handed her the address, and a mo ment later Mr. Mitchell entered the room. "Sorry to keep you so long, my lad," he began, cheerfully. . "Ruth, my dear, run up and see if your mother wants you for any thing. She seems ready to sleep now." ? "Very well,' dad," said Ruth. "Good night, Mr. Paul," she added, shaking hands cordially, as the young man rose and held the door open for her. ' Miv Mitchell's mission did not detain his young clerk long, and he soon aftmyords left the house, wondering if he had been un justifiably selfish in shifting some of hia.bur 'den on to the young shoulders of his. em ployer's daughter. .1. ??>':/. 