NEWS OF THE DAY. I'nrliauiont does not promise to furnish any very exciting dinouHBions this week. Tlio Legis lative Council will lie chiefly ongnged on tho Oompnnios Bill, tlio committco stage of which should bo nearly drawing to nn end. Iu the As sembly Air. T. Smith, who lias a gonius for questions, will n»k tho 1'ostmastcr-GonoraL whether it is intonded to roditcu the present high telephone rates. Rccontly, "when speak ing at Mildnra, Mr. rhnrcz Phillips, who is it aamlidato for a seat in tlio Legislative Council, stated tlmt tho "bonus for tlio 1895 raisins was mi tho estimates, and would ho paid shortly to tho Mildma people." Mr. M'Coll will question tho Minister of Agricultui'O as to whether tha Blntomont is oorract, and, if so, when tho bonus will be pnid. Tho Houso will then go into committco on the Treasury Bonds Bill, giving tlio Government powor to borrow £, 175,000 for tho purpose of public works. Attention will bo devoted to tho pro posals with regard to overhauling tlio railways and renewing railway stuck, niul tlio discussion of the items will probably occupy tho wliolo of tlio evening. Wednesday should furnish an interesting sitting wliou tlio tfino far privnto members' businosB arrives, as a number of important motions aro down for discussion. Theso include Mr. Lougmoro'H proposal that owners of lurgo estates adjacent to railways should lie ooinnuUod to soil a portion of the hind each your, with tlio object of encouraging suttlcmcut, and by that means reduuo tho rail way deficit ; Mr. R. M. Smith will proposo tlio abolition of tho stock tax ; and Mr. Longmoro will mova that a duty of 2s. (id. per toil should bo placed on nil imported coal. In tlio solicdulo of tho Treasury Bonds Bill, consideration of which will bo roHumod this availing ill the Assembly, is a proposal to spend £75,000 in railway works. Included in this amount is a sum of £11,500 for rcplnoiug rolling stock. Some objection has beon taken to tho item on tlio ground that tlio carriages and trucks now in existence aro adequatu for prosont purposes ; hut it is pointed out that tho expen diture proposed is almost entirely for the renovation of carringcn that aro oithor out of repair or tho design of which is obsolete for modem requirements. Tho Agricultural depart ment is particularly intorostod in tho passing of tlio vote, because part of tho money will ha usod for increasing tha stock of louvro carriages for tho transport of perishable produce. A bugc traffic is anticipated during tbo ooming butter season, and it is highly desirable tliat tlio railways should liavc suitable) vahiolos avail able instead of being obliged to send buttor to Melbourne in ordinary goods trucks covered by tarpaulins. Although tlioro arc many signs pointing to n possiblo revival in trade, no prosont consolation is afforded by tlio monthly rovoinio returns issued by the Treasury. In July, the first month of tho financial year, thero was a slight dcclino ill the recoipts, nnd tho comparative doorcase for August is still grcnter. Tho revenuo Inst month amounted to £-175,20!) against £-l!l1,100, being a reduction as compared with tho corresponding month of Inst your of £20,101, making a dooroaso for tlio first two months of £21,550 as compared with 'tho sumo poriod of 1805. As far as August wftb concerned tlio doolino was almost cntirely duo to tlio abolition of prininge, whioh resulted in a loss on tlio month of £8211, anil reduced receipts from land tax of £0200. Customs showed a dooroaso for tho month of £11,707, accounted for by tlio loss of primage, a falling off in tlio tohaoco duty to tlio extent of £8708, and also a fall ill articles uuhjoot to ail valorem duties of £2205. These wore counter balanced by increases iu the collections from ton of £2500, of £2720 on dried fruits and vegetables, and £1810 in livo stock. Receipts under tho heading of oxciso amounted to £37,G80, as against £-10,884, being a docrcaso of £12,281. Tho dcclino is attributed to tho lessened revonuo from land tax and a falling off in the duties on spirits distilled in tho colony of £1080. I5vor sinoo tlio differential duties were reduced tlioro has been a decrease in tlio excise on spirits, with no corresponding ndvantnge to tho rovouuo in a greatly increased consumption of imported spirits. Moro foreign spirits, it is true, are being used than beforo tlio duty was altered, but the inoreasod consumption moroly compen sates for tlio rcdiiotion mado. Undor the beading of territorial tlioro was an inoreaso of £1-18!), duo to improved payments by scleotors ; and tlio railway receipts showed an inoreaso on the month of £3272. Tho suggestion mado in The Aye yesterday thnt tho time is ripe for another exhibition of mining appliances, meets witli warm upprovnl from tho Minister of Mines. Mr. Foster recog nises that tlio last show of the kind, which was held iu 18H4, at Johnston's foundry, Yarra- hank, exercised a vory bonoficinl cffoct on tlio mining imlustry, inasmuch us it oxoited now interest in our mincml resources, and illustrated how quartz battcrios could bo adapted for trans port to tbo ir.ost inacccssiblo localities. He Is also naturally desirous of directing the atten tion of Victorians moro to tho wealth eontainod in thoir own soil instead of allowing them to run after an ignit fatuue olsowliero. It is thought that tho proposed second object losson would lio ovon moro nttraotivo than tlio first if it could bo held in tho Exhibition Building, and it is said there would bo but little difficulty in arranging for the tailings from tho quartz batteries. Our Bondigo correspondent writes .- — " Tlio article in to- day's Age upon Exhibition of Mining Appliances, and tho suggestion therein contained have mot with unanimous commenda tion from mining men in tills district, several of whom, including Mr. George Lansoll, Btato that if such nn exhibition wore held it would provo of great interest and assistanco to thoHO in terested in mining, nnd in order to assist in mnking it a suceobs no difficulty would bo ex perienced in sending a .supply of quartz from Rendigo to givo the different machines a proper tost." Tho now roef discovered at Mollagul, in the Dunolly district, has been visited by Mr. Moon, one of the surveyors of tlio Mines department, and that officer has presented a report to tlio MiniBtar of Mines on tho subject. It appears that tho roof was discovered in tlio' courso of excavating I a. shallow dopoBtt of alluvium for puddling purposes. When first struck tho reef was small, but it opens out to larger dimensions going south. Tlio stone, a drusy and chryntnfiino quartz, iB somewhat mullocky, with patohos of micaceous soliist, and !b much broken, ns tho result doubtloss of atmospliorio action, so that a more aompaatraof might ba expeoted at a greater depth, the open oiit at prcHont being only 12 feet deep. Sprci. mens showing coarse and.flno gold aro plentiful In the stono lying at grow awaiting crushing Mr. Moon regards tho dlsoovory as exceedingly valuable, nnd lie suggests tlio advisability of thoroughly prospecting to tho cast and west in the vicinity of tlio now find. Tho strata throughout in mutamorphlo silurian, consisting of micaceous schists and sandstone. Gratifying news oontlnuos to bo rcoclved from those engaged in mining operations at Club Terrace, on tlio Re mm River, in Gippsland. Tho Aoa of Clubs mino has crushed 42 tons for 112 oz. of froo gold. Tho proprietors of the Royal Mint mino sent down a crushing of It tons to thu Jinlrmdulo Bohool of Mines, which guvo a return of -16 oz. of gold. A now reef lifts been discovered ut Club Terraco 2 feet in will tli, niul prospecting an ounco to tlio ton. It is sitiiatud to tho oast of tho Now Oliuni United lino of roof, nnd is cut in two plaoos. Tho rovenuo of the Railway department lust week showed an increaso in nearly nil brunches of busiiiosH nB compared with tho corresponding week of 1895. Passongcr fares sliowod tho most noticoablo improve ment, amounting to £513. Tho total receipts wore £48,814, whioh is £588 hotter than lost yenr. On the last two days of tho Agricultural Show tho railway tmfilo to tho ground wns some what larger thnn last year, and had there been fino weather on' tlio Thursday every day's tralilo would havo presented an increase. During Friday tlioro wore !)2(iClt passengers against 77(il in 1895, tho rovonuo being £059 17s. compared with £G37 19». 0d., an improvement of 150JJ passengers nnd £121 17s. 3d. in receipts. On Saturday there were 10,8151 passengers, paying £705 15s., compared with 10,054 passengers nnd (Woo (I- . . » .. -.»« \- niipluieiiiui.v ul i ui pnwciigors suit £57 9>. in rovonuo. A few months ngo the Brighton branch of the Auntralinn Nntivos' Association initiated a movement to raise a monument to tho memory of tho Into Chief Justica lliginhothuin. Support wns promised from all porta of tho colony, hut tho branch received a notification from the hoard of directors refusing sanction to tho sohomc. Mirny suggestions havo since been mndo tlmt another application bo sont to head quarters fur pormisiuon to go on with tlio project. The Brighton branch has accordingly moved in the matter again, and tlioro now Booms every possi- bilit£ of the Hclicmo receiving tho upprovnl of the board of ilirootors. At a meeting of tlio Chamber of Manufac tures hist night attention wns drawn to what was regarded as tlio high chargo mado hy the post ofiico for tho uso of tho telephone. It was pointed out that in New Zealand tho nnniml charge was only £5, and a reduction of tho rates in New South Wales had rosiiltod in a great increase of business. A resolution will bo forwarded to tho Pout inns ter-Goneral on tlio subject, Tho president (Mr. Whitnoy) gavo notice of his in tention to movo for a conference of intercoloniul cimmliern of manufactures to consider tho ques tion of adopting a uniform tariff iu all thu colonies. A largo circle of acquaintances in the legal profession and tho dcfoiico foroo will learn with regret of tho (loath of Major S. Oris), which took placo late on Sunday avening ut his resi dence, Mnlunna, Auburn-road, Hawthorn. In oivil fife Major Crisp was a well-known solicitor, of tho firm of Messrs. Crisp and Cameron. His commotion with tlio military foroo dates lmok to 187IS, whon ho joined tho East Melbourno field artillery in tlio old volunteer forco, and lio had reached tho rank of enptain on tho disbandmont. Ho continued his commotion witli tho service in A hattory of field artillory and went on tlio rosorvo of offioors in 188G. As a lawyer ho subsequently joined tho bond quar ters staff iu 1891 as doputy judgo advocate, tho legal advisor of courts martial. His death at the comparatively early age of 48 is tho oloso of a painful and singular illness, which ho attributed to on apparently trivial necidmit. Ho went to tho artillory camp at Snn- bury tho Enstcr before last, and at diniior one avoning his throat wns piorocd hy a IIhIi bono. Since tlmt timo lie was unable to cat any Bolid food. The healing of tlio wound caUBod a stricture of tlio gullet, nnd it waB with difficulty that a course could bo kopt dear for even liquid nourishment. 'Though aeuto gastritis is mentioned as tlie immediate onuso of death, tho original Hourco of tho trouble was the wasting duo to tlio difficulty of receiving nourishment, and for about a yenr past Major Crisp looked hut a ghost of his former self. Ho took nn aotivo interest In military matters up to a Into date, nml wns present at tlio coremony of the oponing of Farliamont, and also was at tlio Inst camp at Lnngwarrin. Ho leaves several chil dren nnd a widow, who is sister to tlm widow of tlio into Major Blnnnin. His remains will ho buried to-day with military honors. The funeral will leave Auburn-road at 3.-15 p.m., led l>y tlie hand and a firing party from the Victorian I'ormuueiit Artillory. A manufacturing jDwoIlor named Ibrahim Hajj Qurhnm, residing nt Moouco Ponds, brought an action against Joseph Kiniion, of Exhibition-street, Melbourne, fancy goods iner- ehiint, in tha County Court, yesterday, to reoovor £2-19 damages for assault anil malicious prosecution. Plaintiff's ease was that on 2nd July last defendant asiiaulted him, and also caused him to 1)0 arrcstod on warrant, churning him with larceny nB a baileo. When the case onmo on for hearing tlio charge was dismissed ni.1 dofoiulant Willi released from custody, but ho complained that ho had boon injured ill his reputation. Tho dofeneo wns a donial of malice. Judgo Hamilton awarded plaintiff £15 damages. Sir. M 'Arthur appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Morgan for dofendnnt. An action for brenoli of contract, the details of which were somewhat un usual, enmo beforo Judgo Hniniltoii Is tho County Court yesterday. Tho plaint-ill was Mary Simpson, of Jlillswyu-slrccl, Smith Yarrn, widow, and the defendant was June Cray Flood, trading as " Madame Solicits," of Johnston-stroot, Fitzroy, married woman. Mrs. Simpson's case was that on 11th July last slio ontored into an agreement with defendant hy which tho latter undertook to tcnoli her nil matters connected with tho business of a medical horimlist and lioaliiig clairvoyant. This ngrcomont had not beon carried out by defendant, who was not qualified to impart such knowledge. 1'Inintifi furthor said it was not possible to instruct n person in tlio business of a healing clairvoyant. Alternatively slio olaimod repayment of £25, and tho return of four promissory notes, amounting to £75, whioh she lind given under tho agree ment for tlio purehaso of tho business. Mr. Morgan, who appeared for Mrs. Simpson, said defendant pretended to her that it was a legal business, but wliou slio went to receive tho promised instruction slio found thut " Madame Sclioltz's " promises wero boing usod for tho purpose of illegal practice. Plaintiff gavo cvi- donco that slio found defendant's customers wore oliiofly married women, and on dociding that it waB an illegal practieo thnt wns being carried on I at tho plaoo slio dotorminod to havo nothing more to do with it. At thnt time, liowovor, alio had paid £25 under the agree ment, nnd wns unnblo to got it back. Judgo Hamilton was anxious to learn what was the business of "a healing clair voyant," nnd Mr. Morgan explained that a healing clairvoyant waB "n person who diag noses cases by abnormal vision." Tlioro was no npponranoo for defondant, and judgment was given for phiintilf for £25, with costs. Judgo Hamilton said ha did not think ho hail jurisdiction to mako nn ordor in regard to tha promissory notes. Thoy wero not yet duo, but nn injunction oould lio obtained to restrain defendant from negotiating tliom. An interesting point in insolvency law was dealt with by Mr. Justice Hood in tlio Supremo Court yesterday on n motion to malco nbsoluto an order nisi for tlio sequestration of tlio estate of J. C. M'Mookan, of Pnttorson-stroot, Bt. Kilda, gentleman. Mr. T-. S. Woolf appeared for tho petitioning creditor, Miss Sarah Olhhs Olivor, of Lennox-street, Richmond, who hnil obtained a Supremo Court judgment against M'Meckan ill respcot of a debt of £51. Mr- Herald appeared for tlio respondent, who opposod the motion on tho ground that the debt was not duo to the petitioning creditor, inasmuch nB of tho amount said to bo due i £2 had boon attached by Geofgo Robort Gilfillnii, brewor, to sutisfy two judgments obtained 9 him against MU. Oliver. Mr. Justico Hooil mid it had boon contended In thiH case that a debtor could not ho madu insolvent if tho . debt or sufficient thoroof to bring tho amount, below £50 had boon attached under a garnishee order absolute, though tho money hud not been piid, nnd that aftor attachment there wns no longer any debt duo to tho croditor within sec tion 37 "f 1,10 Insolvency Act. Ho did not think this contention was correct. Attachment was merely a mode of enabling a creditor to collect dcbls duo to his debtor, and to pay himself out of tlio proceeds. Tbcro wns no transfor of tlio debt ; thoro wdh only a direction that the originnl creditor should not receive tho I money and that some ono olso shoulih Until tlio money was paid to tho garnishor the debt existed, nnd until tho money was paid it continued to he a dobb duo to tho original creditor, though not payable to him after tho service of tlio order nisi for attach merit. Tho order nisi would ' ho made absolute with costs. la a lecture delivered before tho members of (be Lennox-street Literary and Debating Society, Richmond, Inst cvoning, Mr. Pink, M.L.A., dealt with tlio interesting subject of TlicSUito in Kolntion to Banking. Tlio lecturer explained tlio rccoinnioiidntions of tlio Banking Commission, and was disposed to think that Iho proposal that tlio State should make advances to municipalities was open to very grnvc question. Tlio political aspect, and not merely tlio financial point of view, would luivo to bo borne in mind. Pass ing on, iio referred to tlio legislation of various countries on tlio subject of banking, mid , touched on tlio Bank of England and its note issue ; the constitution of tho note issue of tho Bonk of Prnnco, tho Imperial Bank of Cler- many, the national banks of tho Unitod States, ami the Linking eysiom of tiio Dominion ot Canada. Tlio history of tlio Credit Poncior system was also explained by the lecturer, who Hid bis object was not to put before tlio meeting dogiiiaswhicli should in his opinion lie illumed into low, buttogivo a slight account of tlio various modern States and their relation to banking. At thDConclusinn of tlio lecture a discussion took place, and thu Itcv. II. Browne, who presided, convoyed to Air. Pink tho thniiks ol tho meet ing. Tlio Presbytery ol Alclhourno South adopted a resolution yesterday, at a periodical meeting, that a cominitttco lie nppoiutcd to draw up a memorial expressing regret at the death of the Iter. John M'Ncil. On behalf of iv committeo dclcgnted to consider n claim fur extension of boundaries by tho Toorak pariah, tho Hov. T. Tuit reported that botween tlio railway and lira Ahilvcui nnd Williams loads there were 00 houses which would liavo to lie oxclsud from Toorak, leaving it with 700 houses instead of 790. Thu committeo rcoommonded that the boundaries of tlio parish ho extended on tho caHt, by taking in the south side of tlio Alnlvcrn-roiul as far us tlio Annndalo nnd Mnl- vcrn puriahcB abutted upon it. This reoomman- ilation was ndoptud. Attention wits drawn by iho ltev. J. AI. Itobb to tlio fact that there is .no uniform system of registration of baptisms .'in the church. Ho gave nolico of motion tiiat 'the ministers should ho required to render such particulars of Iniptisms as would siilllce to make a complete registration, iintl that tho As- semliiy tnko steps to securo tlio continuity of cucb a register. No other business of public importance was transaotcd. The second sclramoof the conference of repre sentatives of Australian freezing companies promises to coma to a successful issuo. Tho London directors of tho Bank of Australasia liavo intimated to tho general ninnagor in Melbourne their willingness to tnko part in tlio formation of tlio proposed committee, und Air. Silvers bus conveyed this information to tlio lion, secretary of tlio conference. At tiio North Alclliourno court yestorday Sergeant llehir informed tho bench' that an applicant for a licence lmd boon oonviotud of felony about 11 years ngo, hut for the past 5 or C years had not misconducted himHelf as far as lire police were aware. Tho magistrates asked whether tlio police desired to oppose the grunt ing of tho licence. Sergeant Iloliir had no further opposition to offer, lint stated that it was his duly to mention tho matter to tho bench. Dr. Lloyd, in granting tho licence, said that it would ho a harsh doctrino to propound " Hi at once a criminal, always a oriminnl." Had (be police placed the matter before tho court Item tho witness box, tlio man would, nocoed- ingtotlio not, liavo to bo rofusod tho means of eiming his living. A smoko concert was glvon by tho Melbourne Iiieilcrtnfe! in the Atlranrauni ITall last evening. The attendance wns largo, nnd tho prograimino of the usual order, mainly composed of part songs. Tlio nolo vocnlistn were Alcssrs. B. A. Iloatbcniliaw, D. J. Dimlop, C. Cunningham Willi. Heron. Two 'cello numbers wore con tributed by Air. O. Harrison, nnd Mr.. A. If. Tullett gave what wiih described on tlio pro. guanine ns a humorous recitation, porpctuating tire Trilby legend. The recitation, though ccuiieii I ly meant, hud a depressing cited. Air. H. J. King discharged tlio functions of con- iluclor, anil Air. A. Siedo presided at tlio piniio. Tho Ray Dr. Abrahams will preach at 11.15 a.m. to-ilay at 111.; Itourke-scioiit synngocuo. .i n "' ' :i"<l Co. will (i flu r for Rale at their ertginory (pinim-Htrucr, ut 2 p.m., a collection of ©i! -ttm water color painting . r-,nr.Vli'i'Niu',ot ,vi", deliver liln lecture. Queer talks In Iho hhaws, in Clifton IIIII Presbyterian Uiurcli Ici Higlit. at 8 o'clock. ttaTmv/.Tiin" u'!,k.vr ""d s"n" wl" offer for sale mnlv t il ii ,1!,lat0' Lroydun, at their rooms, to iiny, at 14 16 p.m. ' The nuptial inentitif; of tlio Cnnmunp'iro Sana- Si""?! „lcl 1,10 Melbourne To>vi, Hall Uim afternoon at 4 o clock, thu , Mayor presiding. aucHrm''-u 1't J0Vl'ra ""'ST1'1 ""ill offer by public auctinn at their rooms, 239 Collins-ntreut, nt 12 nelnck to day, a draper's shop In liiuhdowii-stroot, Nmth SlSlboiVaio.'0 " """" il»sra'!"reil''',,',rB.of Wallncli's citato doslre atton- J In Jr ' !raw" a,R|"!c,lal advertisement on page n.iS,.,?1'," c"»'l>l"ta "Lt of the reductions Tn C -do " all tlio departments of furniture and Makings during their clearance salo is given. i .""'way department announces that the Imveit tender for the oreelinn of water sunnlv works "'ffli'" , i3.,that A' L'halliiigswortln nt Mil l'"r bho removal and ro-oritctinii of «n' AMSim.la,£M'ioI,0Q,I,mVOHt ten'""'c is LS that of previous springs as roeards Stlnl ir1''!?" Tho ""ta"01''1 plantation is Oalfi, n tho wustom si|lu of tho Hotaiiic CnliSf1 mu5i.cal soi'ico will ho held at St. Paul's cS ' iiur.sday cvoning next. After full by nr-BridKBi tail" th.'i i,a"iOS' ,,Ki"g'Stroot, requests ns tn Mr I'aiUnii n ii"0 doaler of that narno whom tlis'l.'i l ,11 , eeniured at the City Court on for which in" connef:t'?n wRh the easo of theft scntri ',f,,r lo"""1'', , a groom, received a ntence of 12 months' Imprisonment. the ,"Ltho IiR,,t weight hunters' trial at mridni. , al Showcrounds In The dt/c yesterday EE n a,tR e.d bhat Freedom and All Eoura coiunpti in,r3f ""i'dLJ placos rospoctivoly in that «?, ?ii i 8 S', a matter of fact AH Fours aMlS year ttU Frcodom tlllr<l 1995 as well 