OUR HOME LETTER. (FROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) London, 10th April, 1896. THE murder of Mr. Goodman Levy and his housekeeper under peculiarly barbaric circumstances has provoked the keenest indignation among Jews and non-Jews alike. The crime was committed during the Passover Festival, and discovered by a relative who was going to take the Yom Tov dinner with Mr. Levy. But all the details of the gruesome story are sure to have been flashed across the world long before this letter reaches you. It is a strange thing how the personal interest in Newgate Calendars remains as vivid now as a thousand years ago. But we are more conoerned with the Jewish aspects of the case. The perpetrator of the crime, with his dramatic capture, and the further injury he inflicted on an innocent victim as well as on himself, when he fell or jumped from the roof, recalls not only the details of one of De Quincey's horrible stories, but also, curiously enough, a famous passage in the Commentary of Bashi on ExoduB. When captured, there were all sorts of rumours about the suspect's identity. It was persistently suggested that hie was a " foreigner," and from that suggestion the transition was easy to the glib statement that he was a Jew. Luckily he has been identified and confessed. It appears he is a ticket-of-leave man " wanted" by the police, and passing under the name of Seaman, We are all very glad that the latest Whitechapel murder has not added a Jewish murderer as well us a Jewish victim to the calendar of crime. So far, Lipski remains the solitary representative of Jewish murderers, and it is to be hoped that, as he had no predecessor, he may remain without a successor in his wretched distinction. Bis case is recalled not only by the Levy murder, but also by the more interesting cause cetibrc of KitBon versus Playfair. Everybody has been talking about its vehement vindication of the sacredness of a professional confidence. The fashionable physician has been condemned to pay huge and unprecedented damages for divulging a secret learnt by him in his professional capacity. And his ill fortune will serve as a deterrent and a warning to the members not «nlv of his own. but of all other professions. Lipski's case raised tbe point several years ago. English law only recognises as privileged tbe secrets confided by a man to his solicitor. All other secrets are held to be unprotected.*? A Roman Catholic priest takes a solemn oath that he will not divulge the secrets confided to him in the confessional. And yet he is, in theory, bound to betray such secrets if asked about them in the witness-box. For the credit of both law and priesthood, however, there is no case on record either of such betrayal on the part of a priest, or his punishment for refusing to break his oath. Jewish ministers take no such oath, but surely they regard themselves as none the leas bound to respect the confidences they receive when administering their sacred office. Judaism recognises no confes sional. The confession advocated in the Atonement service is confession to God alone. But still even a Jewish clergyman must necessarily sometimes bear a confession from criminal or sinner. After sentence had been pronounced on Lipski, it was persistently rumoured that he had confessed his murder to the Rev. Mr. Singer, who was attending him in prison, and Mr. Singer was severely attacked in some quarters for having taken an active part in the agitation for a reprieve, notwithstanding that he knew him to be guilty of the murder for which he stood condemned to die. As a matter of fact, it was not till the night before his execution, after the final decision of the Home Secretary, declining to grant a reprieve, had been communioated to him, that Lipski confessed first to Mr. Singer and then to the governor of the gaol. But even if he had confessed, there can be no doubt that it was his clergyman's duty not to betray the confession, nor even himself to act otherwise than he would have acted if he had not heard it at alii At least, so long as an innocent person was not charged with his olient's orime and did not Btand in peril of wrongful conviction, and even then it is a moot point how much, or rather how little, the clergyman should tell, EDO Uiurgyiumi diiuuiu voiit Dr. Steinschneider waa BO years old laBt week, and all Hebraists — except perhaps German Hebraists—have united to do him honour. He was many yearB a refugee in England, for like Dr. Lowy and Dr. Benisch, he had been a too zealous Hungarian patriot and had to flee for his life when 1848 ended in the triumph of authority as lawfully constituted. To England Steinschneider's visit waa moat welcome, and a right royal monument of his visit he has left us in his wonderful catalogue of the printed Hebrew books in the Bodleian library. That great work took him nearly a decade to compile ; it consists of 3000 quarto columns, and is indispensable to every Jewish scholar. "What is more, it alwayB fetches £5 at least at any sale. The whole edition is exhausted, and no copy ever comes on the market without being eagerly gobbled up by the hungry bibliograph. It was published at Berlin between the years 1852 and 1860, and is only one of some twenty catalogues which he has compiled. But besides catalogues Steinschneider haB written hundreds of magazines and encyclopaedias. To Ersch and Gruber's huge German encyclopedia he contributed many articles—of which a single one, that on Jewish literature, alone constitutes a stout volume. It has been translated into English by the well- known Mr. William Spottiswood, and was published in London. This book, too, is rare, and fetches a couple of pounds at an auction— and is well worth the money. Dr. Berliner, who, by-the-bye, has just written a capital but occasionally incorrect essay on Jewish printers in the fifteenth century, compiled a Bibliography of the veteran catalogist's writ ings in honour of his 70th birthday on the 30th March, 1886. It runs to thirty-three pages, although often one work oooupieB but a single line, and yet the list has been doubled by Dr. Kohut, of New York, in the Jubelschrift oi 1896, which haB just been published by Harrassowitz, of Leipzig, under the editorship of Dr. Neubauer. Such a list Steinschneider himunlf published of Zunz'B works on a similar occasion, and Dr. Biichler will, perhaps, do the same service for Neubauer one of these fine days. The Jubelichrijl itself is otherwise replete with interesting matter. Several Englishmen, Jews and Christians, contribute to it. Dr, Adler gives a lengthy extract from the Etz Chajim, of o't London, which is the famous ritual of the Jews of Angevin, England, which he proposes to publish in extenso. Frenchmen, Austrians, .Russians, Dutchmen and Americans are eager to do him honour, but there is not a single resident in Germany who contributes. Why? Apparently because the orthodox are shocked and the "Liberals" (so-called) jealous of the studious little dry-as-dust who has been working in their midst in loud Berlin for the laBb quarter of a century, who never conceals his opinion of a humbug or contempt for one who is not thorough. The friendly but some times hard-hitting rivalry between him and Neubauer is one of the prettiest things in modern Jewish literature. When they dispute about, say, the identity of Ibn Aknin, it is as though the Titans were wrestling, but they each admire the other immensely. Their fecundity is about equal, their thoroughness the same, and neither has a superior except it be the other of them. Neubauer celebrated Steinschneider's seventieth birthday by cataloguing the MSS. of the London Beth Hamedrash in his honour, and his eightieth by publishing a chronicle of Zaccuth about the European history of the middle ages. The Montefiore College affair is assuming developments which point to a crisis in the history of the Spanish Jews in London. The "Vegios,"or Elders, who are now in charge of the matter, would appear to recommend theieinstatement of Mr. Schewztk, and the ' separation" of the post of Principal from that of Haham. This is tantamount to a vote of censure on Dr. Gaster, and is bitterly opposed by a very powerful section of the community. Two weddings have lately delighted our sisters. The first is that of Sir George Lewis' son to his fair German cousin, Miss Meyer, in the Central Synagogue. The Prince of Wales sent a cordial letter of congratulation from the Riviera, and beauty and fashion were so well represented on the occasion that the synagogue, though barely a Minyan was present, was full of interested spec tators. The other is that of Miss Joseph to Mr. B L. Abrahams,. B.A., of the India Office, and sometime historian of pre-expulsion English Jews. Lord Rosebery has just whitewashed Lord Wandsworth from the charge of having purchased his title by lavish contribution to the Radical chest. This reminds us of a bon mot which deserves to be true. Mr. Napier Higgins, Q.C., is said to have accompanied the late Mr. Sydney Stern and his present lordship on an elec tioneering canvass to the wilds of an Eastern county. To whom a friend: " Why, Higgins, you haven't the ghost of a chance to , win the seat, and you'll have to pay through the nose in the bar gain." "No, there you are wrong," replied Mr. Higgins, "I'll nav through the Stern !" PELONI. 