MIMNa A call, the second, of 10* per ?bare, has been made on all contributing share* in the McAuliffeP.A. Tenders for driving 100ft of tuoneliog, more or tew. at $e Xyesi Pandas Mine, close to-day at 4he mine at t o'clock. TbelMt fortnight1* --ot|HrtaUheOon*b, sampled «? «Mia-, was 66 taps; (he Haute; H*m\ Coppsay ' yjra «,e par. .^MfcpW Pwprtettyr Oepptny 1**0*0 f»v$te tenders fee* stoacatasoas ?ad brje*htyer* andearpenttrf an* baildtre (or work l» .be done for the eomptoyae Mir riant *» *)s asBD at tbe gheiwton ' THE MODnVaGNEW. The fint parcel of ©re ofFnrvd by (he Mount Aetrew Company falls a long wa? tray abort of th» aoticipUions formmj bv shareholders. Sis tons were offered to th« local buyers. Tb« highest teodar was t at of Kennedy and Sons, who offered £30. The legal manager, Mr ttooi*, has decided not to accept aoy teoder, but states tb«t ha prefers to buy the ore at £19 p«r ton, and ship it Some. The GimpanvV asstv, (ha m«n«g»-r a*y», m-n fc« fsl!ow«:— 4 tons of firsts— 99ozs silver per too, 22 p«r coot lead, and 0J p«r cent copper ? 2 to' e eecoodfi— 63'izt eilrer, 21 per cent iead, 6 per cept copper. This is aoot'ier company that wilt now goffer from ovt-r-booiuiiig. When tbe veins of fabl ore wt-re first struck in tbe extrusive er-d interea ing lode formation some sensational assays were obtained from rich samples ; but wild reports weru published to tbe effect that this ricb ore was 7ft wide, and it was given out that tfa« bulk ore was worth ft faboloue price for its gold, silver, and copper conUnt-. Aft-t many weeks of wsidop, sfiurt-liowl; ip -.-,-? 6 Ions i fferfd, find the liiglx-st lf.,di-i £5 per ton; non« (jii'i t!j- swear wo-ila will be fp'krn l-y t-i..j-e wh'- bclevid ibe f\ag- (it-i«tr. icportd. But the mine has n»t bad a ghost of a trial yet ; and it U well worth being opened up in a biwloese-tilte way, There are undoubtedly veins of fahl ore, rich in silver, in the bin lode formB^p, and if tbe ore were carefully sorted. It abenid be worth a lot more than tbe prices tendered for this pare 1, MANAGERS' QEP0BT8. Baden-Hercules Oold, Silver, and Copper, Mount ReM, November 87 - No. 1 adit has b«en driven 13ft 6io lor week, grating a totsl of 207ft, tbe country for last few days being more favorable for driving. Sooth drive— No. 1 adit has been driven fljft for four dare, total lift : the ore body is improving, there being now 2ft in back of drive and lft in bottom o- drive No. B adit has beeu driven 6ft for week ; country samn ai last reported. Coma, Dondas, November 28— During -to past week bare Marled sinking main engine lS» shift witb two shifts, wn equated down, in pump, and are eu'ik fift ; tital from plat, 2lft. Ofouad fairly fio *d, wttb water a little beivi r Slopes over No. 3 leevl shewing an attround improvement. From No. 1 winre, stop? 7, eoitb. 6ft good ore. Stope 7 north, poor. Btope 0 aouth, lode 4ft wide, lft clean ore, balance good seconds From No 2 wince, stope 8, over intermediate north 8ft ore. - tope 2 south, 4ft 6in wide, lft Sfo or*. Have bad two men repairing and timbering No, 1 level. The new boiler bae been delivered on mine and foundry men are engaged patting fame together. Concentrator trommels com* pleted |pg« befog repaired and painted. Trentliog for tramway to heap of seconds nearly oomplefd. Have started m*n ex cavating for flaming to bring water in; also excavating for tramway ta connect with railway aiding. Large tack in course of construction and! hope tooomptot* inside work shortly. All micbinery and pumps in good working order. - Dunne's Blocks, Mount Brid, November 28-Shaft on the ttangiag wall tide of No. 1 lode bat been sunk to a total depth of 23ft, the formation in the bottom being somewhat similar to that repored last i week. Have erected new camp and black smith's forge on tbe tain* alongside onr present workings. Great Carbine. Dandaa, November 27.— For the past week work has been eonfined chiefly to drive aenth on lode, which has bfttn extended 7ft; total, 17ft 6io. In the early part of tbe week tbe ground was very hard and difficult to shoot, but to-day I notice a favorable change ; the lode here h 6ft Wide with two good clean walla showing more ga'ena. I feel eonvinc%j tbisistheNo. llodo. McKimmie BiUtt and Nickel €o , North Esat Dundat, Nov. 29.— Tbe following Is the report for Hie put week's wurk.-IOft level, north drive, driven 16ft. total from plat, 164ft. W* have driven through a bunch of ore, but it never Made 2ft above [ the bottom of level, but is Very good under fioot. It looks as though we were on Uh- top of it. Bomb dti*» dn«et» 12ft; toml I - from plat 97ft ; lods poor. Mopes — Lo.ie I in leading storm v«ry nincu pir-r.h«d, aad I in second slope « lot if carbnrmtai of iron. ? lb«velrtac-utf«cttorise from back sf I elope io surface at 12s 6d per foot Winte I r .e! 6i' of food °n. Niokel— We I .!? V1^ *? 'fc™ Awr'lwt were beaten I with tbe water; I w?^ Pfppti«Aary, Zeeban, KovtiAbW I f^jnog the week boh pit bss been I ™«M } b«a ana ktngttndioa) logs pbt in I position. A« Boon at (he slammer blocks I «rrive these will be bolted down, and the I mTT?* wiU *? W«»eded with. Et I SI^S0* *y»**i will be oompleted on I a5H^y* M««iw«JF «KcfcWttoa ia oou ? P«Wt - -- j Santb-West Cortm-DavM, Nortb-£asi I Dundas, November 28— No. 1 Tnnoel — South drive extended 4ft, total 76ft ; no ore abawisg here yet except occasional aplaabea, wbioji indicate we ar« not Car away from it ; the £ao« also shows ?troog iadicationsof ore being close by. North drive extended 6ft; for half this distance the ore maintained the same site and quality as last reported, via., lft of clean fabl ore and copper pyrites, bat fat ? iwt 3ft tbe ore became mixed witb calcite and darbooats of iron., and now averages 9i» wide, 6in of this is good tDarbeUbie ore, and tbe remainder good seconds; assay, 8f( from Ceoe, 328c* «Uv«r and ?6 per etui copper. Ma 2 tunnel extended 9ft, total 82ft; country pasted through this week, slate bar;, well mineralised, tfive tone of ore bagged during weak, , ' . South Curtia-Davis proprietary 8.M. Co, Nu Liability, N.B. DosdM, Wovrmber 88 —No. 1 tonoel driven 10ft 6io ; total, 131ft The lodp faei averaged 8ft 6io, and it still widening. Quod galena ehews in bunohes and on the hanging wall, but the lode is now chitfly gosaao, earrytng car bonate of lad treely. Solid lumps of native copptr are aiso met wi-b. Tfiia will be a tplendid galena tods below gown met witb. As a-s— Qaena,' »Q a silver, 60 per c--nt, lead ; 82oz silver, 79 per cent lead No; 8 tuqp. i extended 7fj 6*1}, total, 76ft 6in. Cot lode ss aotioipaied at 74ft. puds is flft irrtfe. principally OBTboots of iron, but carrying din galena. . Assay, 40oc silver, 77 per cent lead. Hun about SOU to drive souiu to get noder the'rioh ore showing in No 1 tunnel. Better pcogiels will now be made driving on lode. 