A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHEROft — O tj MBS MAY AGNES FLEMING- Author of "A Woman's Hand." A Wonderful Woman," " Wed. Yet Mo Wife, &c.; /o i . _ '>> VATT A T>TYinT> XT WTlfR ANDHEIR. In a very genteel lodglng-hou s\ln the .very genteel neighborhood of Kss-ell . square, early In the afternoon of a Sep itember day, a young girl stands lm-" patiently awaiting the return of Sir .Victor Caitheron. This girl is his wife. It is a bright, sunny day, and as the slanting rays pour in through the mus lin curtains full on face and figure, you tmay search and find no flaw in either. It is a very lovely face, a very graceful, though petite figure. She is a blonde of the blondest type; her hair is like spun gold, and, wonderful to relate, no yellow wash, no golden fluid, has ever touched its shining "abundance. Her eyes are Ibluer than the September sky over the Russell square ohimney pots; her nose is neither aquiline nor Grecian, but it- is very nice; her forehead is low, her mouth and chin "morsels for the gods." The little figure is delieiously rounded and ripe; in twenty years from now she may be a heayy British matroh, wijth a yard and a half wide waist; at eighteen years old she is, in one word, perfection. Her dress is perfection also.She wears a white Indian muslin, a marvel Of deli cate embroidery and exquisite texture, and a great deal of Valenciennes trim ming. She has a pearl and torquoise ©tar fastening her lace collar, pearl and torquoise drops in her ears, and a half- dozen diamond rings on her plump little fingers. A blue ribbon knots up the loose yellow hair, and you may search the great city from end to end, and find' nothing fairer, fresher, sweeter,' than Ethel, Lady Catheron. If ever a gentleman and a baronet had a f air and sufficient excuse for the folly of a low marriage, surely Sir Victor Catheron has it in this fairy wife— for fit is a "low marriage" of the most hein ous type. Just seventeen months ago, saunter ing idly along the summer sands, look ing listlessly at the summer sea, think ing drearily that this time next year his freedom would be over, and his cousin Inez his lawful owner and possessor, his eyes had fallen on that lovely blonde face— that, wealth of shining hair, and for all time — ay, for eternity — his fate was fixed. The dark image of Inez as his wife faded out of his nxlnd, never to return more. The earthly name of this dazzling 'divinity in yellow ringlets and pinkmus- lin was Ethel Margaretta — Dobb ! Dobb ! It might have disenchanted a less rapturous adorer— it fell powerless on Sir Victor Catheron's infatuated ear. It was at Margate this meeting took place— that most popular of English watering-places; and the Cheshire baronet had looked just once at the peach-bloom face, the blue eyes of laughing light, the blushing, dimpling seventeen-year-old face, and fallen in love at once and for ever. He was a very impetuous young man, a very selfish and unstable young man, with whom, all his life, to wish was to have. He had been spoiled by a doting mother from his cradle, spoiled by ob sequious servants, spoiled by Inez Catheron's boundless worship. And he wished for .this "rose of the rosebud gar den of girls," as he had never wished for anything In his Swo-and- twenty years of life; As a man in' a drefcm he went through that- magic ceremony, "Miss Dobb, allow me to present my friend, Sir Victor Catheron," and they were free to look at each other, talk to each other, fall in love with each other as much as they pleased. As in a dream he lingered by her side three golden hours, as in a dream he said "Good afternoon," and (Commenced Publication February 1.) valkedback to his hotel smoking a idgar, (he world glorified above and ablout him. As in a dream they -told hinx.si£ Ayas the only daughter and liejrefes /it a well-to-do London soap boiler," and he did not wake. She was the daughter of a soap boiler. The paternal manufactory was (In the grimiest part of the grimy metro polis; but remarkable to say, she had as much innate pride, self-respect, and- deli cacy as though "all the blood of all the Howards" flowed in those blue veins. He wasn't a bad sort of young fellow, as.young fellows go, and was frantically in love. There was but one question to ask, just eight days after this— "Will you be my wife ?" — but one answer, of course— "Yes." But one answer, of course ! How would it be possible for a soap-boiler's daughter -to refuse a baronet ? And yet his heart had beaten with fear that turned him dizzy and sick as he asked it, for she shrunk away for one instant, frightened by his fiery wooing, and the sweet face had grown suddenly and startlingly pale. Is it not the rule -that all maidens shall' blush when their lovers ask the question of questions ? The rosy brightness, the smiles, the dimples, all faded out of this face, and a white look of sudden fear crossed it. The startled eyes had shrunk from his eager, flushed face, and looked over the wide sea. For fully five minutes she never spoke or stirred. To his dying day that hour was with him— his passion-ate love, his sick, horrible fear, his dizzy rapture, when she spoke at last, only one word— "Yes." To his dying day he saw her as he saw her -then, in her sum mery muslin dress, -her gipsy hat, the pale, -troubled look chasing the color from -the drooping face. But the answer was "Yes." Was he not a baronet ? Was she not a well- trained English girl ? And -the ecstasy of pride, of joy, of that city soap-boiler's family, who shall paint ? "Awake, my muse," and— but, no ! it passeth all telling. They bowed down before him (figuratively), this good British trades man and his fat wife, and worshipped him. They burned incense at his shrine; they adored the ground he walked on; they snubbed their neighbors, and held tt'helr chins in an altitude never attained by the family of Dobb before. And in six weeks Miss Ethel Dobb became Lady Catheron. It was the quietest, the dullest, the most secret of weddings — not -a soul pre sent except Papa and Mamma Dobb, a military swell in the Grenadier Guards Pythias, at present, to Sir Victor's Damon— the parson, and the pew opener. He was madly in love, but he was ashamed of the family soap-boiling, and Ihe was afraid of his cousin Inez. He told .them a vague story enough of family matters, etc., that rendered secrecy for the present necessary, and nobody cross - questioned the baronet. That the parson -was a parson, -the mar riage bona-flde, his daughter "my lady," and himself -the prospective fore-father of many baronets, was enough for the honest soap-boiler. For -the bride herself, she said little, in a shy, faltering, little way. She was very fond of her dashing, high-born, im pulsive lover, and very well content not to come into the- full blaze and dazzle of high life just yet. If any other ro mance had ever figured in her simple life, the story was finished and done with, the book read and put away. He took her to Switzerland, to Ger many, to Southern France, keeping well out of the way of other tourists, and ten months followed, ten months of such | exquisite, unalloyed bliss as rarely falls to mortal man. Unalloyed, did I say? Well, no-t quite, since earth and heaven are two different places. In the dead of pale Southern nights, with the shine of -the moon on his wife's lovely sleeping face; in the hot, brilliant noontide; in the sweet, green gloaming — Inez Catheron's black eyes came menacingly before him — the one hitter drop in his cup. All hjs life he had been a little afraid of her. He was something more than a little afraid of her now. They returned. The commodious lodg ings in Russell Square awaited hlm.and S-lr Victor "went in" for domestic felicity in the parish of Bloomsbury, "on the quiet." Very much " on the quiet " — no theatre going, no opera, no -visitors, and big Captain Jack Errol, of the Grenadier Guards, his only guest. Four months of this sort of thing, and then —and then there was a son. Lying in her lace-draped, satin- covered bed, looking at baby's fat little, funny little face, Ethel, Lady Catheron, began to think. She had time to -think in -her quiet and solitude. Monthly nurses and husbands being in the very nature of things antagonistic, and nurse being reigning potentate at present, the 'husband was banished. And Lady Catheron grew hot and indignant that the heir of Catheron Royals should have been bora in London lodgings, and the mistress of Catherine Royals live shut up like a nun, or a fair Rosamond in a bower. "You have no relations living but your cousin, Victor," she said to -him, more coldly than she had ever spoken in her life. "Are you the master of your own house, or is she?" Are you afraid of this Miss Catheron, who writes you such long letters (which I never see), that you dare not take your wife home?" He had told her something of that other story, necessarily— his former en gagement to -his eousin Inez. Only something— not -the bare ugly truth of his own treachery. The soap-boiler's daughter was more noble of soul -than the baronet. Gentle as she was, she would have despised him thoroughly had she known the truth. "This secrecy has lasted long enough," Lady Oat-heron said, a resolute-looking expression crossing her pretty, soft-cut mouth. "The time has come when you must speak. Don't .make me think you are ashamed of me, or afraid of her. Take me home — It is my -right; acknow ledge your son — it is his. When there was only I, it did not so much matter it is different how." She lifted one of baby's dots of hands, and kissed it. And Sir Victor, his face hidden in the shadow of the curtains, his voice husky, made answer: "You are right, Ethel — you always are. As soon as you both can travel, my wife and child shall come home with me to Catheron Royals." Just three weeks later, as the August days were ending came that last letter from Inez, commanding his return. His hour had come. He took the next morning train, and went forth to meet the woman he feared and had wronged. » - 9 The afternoon sun drops lower. If Sir Victor returns from Cheshire to-day, Lady Catheron knows he will be here in a few minutes. She looked at her watcli a little wearily. The days are very long and lonely without him. Looks up again, her eyes alight. A liansom has dashed up to the door, and it is her hus band who leaps out. Half a minute and he is in the room and she is clasped in his arms. "My darling!" he exclaims, and you need only hear the two words to tell how rapturously lie loves his -wife. "Let me look at you. Oh, pale as ever, I see. Never mind. Cheshire air, sunshine, green fields and new milk shall bring back your roses. And your son and heir, my lady, how is he?" He bends over the pretty basinette, with that absurd paternal look with which all very new fathers regard the first blessing, and his moustache tickles the baby's innocent nose. A flush comes into her face. She looks at him eagerly. "At last! Oh, Victor, when do we go?" "To-morow, if you are able. The sooner the better." He says it with rather a forced laugh. Her face clouds a. little. "And your eousin? Was she very an gry?" she asked, wistfully — "very much surprised?" "Well, yes— naturally, I am afraid she was both. We must make the best of that, however. To tell the truth, I had only one interview with her, and that of so particularly unpleasant a nature that I left next morning. So, then, we start to-morrow? I'll just drop a line to Erroll to apprise liim." He catches hold of his wife's writing- table to wheel it near. By some clumsi ness liis foot catches in one of its spid ery claws, and witli a crash it topples over." Away goes the writing-case, fly ing open and scattering the contents far and wide. The crash shocks baby's nerves, baby begins to cry, and the new made mamma flies -to -her angel's side. "I say!" Sir Victor cries "Look Here! Awkward thing for me to do — eh, Ethel? Writing-oase broken, too. Never mind, I'll pick 'em up." He goes down on his knees boyishly, and begins gathering tliem up. Letters, envelopes, wax, seals, pens and pencils. He fling s all in a heap in the broken case. Lady Catheron, cooing to baby, looks smilingly on. Suddenly he comes to a full stop. Comes to a full stop, and holds some thing in front of him. as though it were a snake. A very harmless snake, ap parently — tlie photograph of a young and handsome man. For fully a minute he gazes at it utterly aghast. "Good heavens!" his wife hears him say. Holding the baby in her arms she glances at him. The back of the picture is towards her, but she recognises it. Her face turns ashen grey; she moves round and -bends it over baby. "Ethel," Sir Victor says, his voice stern, "What does this mean?" "What does that mean? Hush-h-h, lia.li v darlinc. Not so loud, Victor, please. I want to get baby asleep." "How comes Juan Catheron's picture here?" She catches her breath — the tone in which -Sir Victor speaks is a tone not pleasant to hear. She is a thoroughly good little thing, but the best of little things (being women) are some times dissemblers. For a second she dares not face him; then she conies bravely up to -time and looks at him over her shoulder. "Juan Catheron! Oh, to be sure. Is that picture here yet?" — wi th a little laugh. "I thought I had lost it centu ries ago. Good heavens," she exclaims, inwardly, "how could I have been such a fool?" Sir Victor rises to -his feet— a curious passing likeness to his dark cousin Inez on his fair, blonde face. 'Then you know Juan Catheron. You! And you never told me." "My dear Sir Victor"— with a little pout— "don't be unreasonable. I should have something to do if I put you au eourant of all my acquaintances. I knew Mr Catheron — slightly" with a gasp. "Is there any crime in that?" "Yes!" Sir Victor answers, in a voice that makes his wife jump and his son cry. "Yes — there is. I wouldn't own a dog— if Juan Catheron had owned him before me. To look at him is pollution enough; to know him— disgrace!" "Victor! Disgrace!" "Disgrace, Ethel! He is one of the vilest, most profligate, most lost wret ches, that ever disgraced a good name. Ethel, I command you to tell me— was this man ever anyt-hing to you — friend — lover — what?'V ... "And if he, lies been— wbat then?" She rises and faces him proudly. "Am I -to answer for-his sins?" - -y Yes— we all! must answer more or less for those who\ are ouf "friemts.-> How come you to have, his picture?',- What has he bc-en to you? Nqt.your lover— for heaven's sake,\Et)iel, nevei-Hhat!" "And why not? IfidV'ishe says, still facing him, her blueKfcS jgJ'itter, "I don't say that he was,"TJtiVif he was — what then?" "What then?" He is white to the lips with jealous rage and fear. "This then — you should never again be wife of mine!" "Victor" — she puts out her hands as if to ward off a blow— "don't say that —oh, don't say that! And— it isn't true — he never was a lover of mine — never, never!" She burst out with the denial in passionate fear and trembling. In ail her wedded life she has never seen him look, heard him speak like this, though she has seen him jealous — needlessly — often. "He never was your lover? You are it., a.... tK O" ceiling me cue uum; "No, no — never, never, Victor. Don't look like that! Oh, what brought that yvretched picture? I knew him slightly —only that— and he did give me his photograph. How could I tell he was the wretch you say he is— how could I think there would be no harm in tak ing a picture? He seemed very nice, Victor. What did he ever do?" "He seemed nice!" Sir Victor repeated, bitterly; "and what did he ever do? What has he left undone, you had bet ter ask. He lias broken every command of the decalogue — every law human and divine. He is dead to us all— his sister included, and has been these many. years. Ethel, can I believe '' "I have told you, Sir Victor. You will believe as you please," his wife an swers, a little sullenly, turning away from him. She understands him. His very jea lousy and anger are born of his pas sionate love for her. To grieve her is torture to him — yet he grieves her often.- For a tradesman's daughter to marry a baronet may be but one remove from paradise; still, it is a remove. And the serpent in Lady Catheron's Eden is the ugliest and most vicious of all serpents — jealousy. He has nevei- shown his green eyes and ob noxious claws so palpably before, and as Sir Victor looks at her 1 lending over her baby, his fierce paroxysm of jea lousy gives way to a fierce paroxysm of love. "Oh, Ethel, forgive me!" he says; "I did not mean to wound you, but the thought of that man— faugh! But I am a fool to be jealous of you, my white lily. Kiss me — forgive me. We'll throw this snake in the grass out of the win dow, and forget it. Only — I would rather you had told me." He tears up the wretched little mis chief-making picture, and flings it out' of the window with a look of disgust. Then they "kiss and make up," but the stab has been given, and will rankle. The follies of her past is doing its work, as all our follies past and present are pretty sure to do. CHAPTER III.— HOW LADY CATHE RON CAME HOME. Late in the afternoon of a September day Sir Victor Catheron, of Catheron Royals, brought home his wife and son. His wife and son! The county stood astounded. And it had been such a secret. Dreadful! And a soap-boiler's daughter? Horrible! And now when this wretched, misguided, young man could keep his folly a secret no longer, he was bringing his wife and child home. The resident gentry sat thunderstruck. Did he expect they could call? (This was the gentler sex.) Plutocracy might jostle aristocracy into the background, but the line must be drawn somewhere, and the daughter of a London soap boiler they would not receive. Who was to be positive there had been a marriage at all? And poor Inez Catheron! Ah, it was very sad — very sad. There was a well-known, well-hidden taint of insan ity in the Catheron family. It must be tliat latent insanity cropping up. The young man must simply be mad. Nevertheless, bells rang and bonfires blazed, tenantry cheered, and all the oW servants (with Mrs Marsh, the house keeper, and Mr Hooper, the butier, at their head) were drawn up in formidable array to receive them. And if botli husband and wife were very pale, very, silc-nt, and very nervous who is to blame them? Sir Victor had set society at defiance; it was society's turn now, and then — there w Inez! " For Lady Csrcheron the dark, menac ing figure of her husband's cousin haunted her, too. As the big turreted, towered, ivied pile of stone and mortar called Catheron Royals, with its great bell booming, its flag waving, reared up ueiore tut; oudt»uui>ci » uauantci she absolutely cowered with a dread that had no name. "I am afraid!" she said. "Oh, Victor, I am afraid!" He laughed— not quite naturally, though. If the painful truth must be told of a baronet, and of a Catheron, Sir. Victor was afraid too. "Afraid!" he laughed; "of what, Ethel? The ghost of the Grey Lady, who walks twice every year in Rupert's Tower? Like all old families, we have our good, old family ghost, and would not part with it for the world. I'll tell you the legend some day; at present 'Screw your courage to the sticking place,' for here we are." He descended from the carriage, and walked up the stone steps into the grand manorial hall, vast enough to have lodg ed a hundred men, his wife on his arm, his head very nign, nis race very paie. She clung to him, poor child! and yet she battled hard for her dignity, too. Hat in hand, smiling right and left in the old pleasant way, he shook hands with Mrs Marsh and Mr Hooper, pre sented them to my lady, and bravely in quired for Miss Catheron, Miss Inez was well, and waiting him in the draw ing-room. They ascended to the cedar drawing- f room, one of. the grandest rooms in the house, all gilding and ormolu, and mag nificent upholstery — AI.-3ter Baby fol lowing in the arms of his nurse. The, eweet face and soft eyes of Lady Cath- leron had done their work already in the ranks of the servants— she would be an easier mistress to serve than Miss Inez. "If she ever is mistress in her own h-ous-j," thought Mrs Marsh, who was ''companion" to Miss Cat-heron as well Vs house-keeper; "and mistress she will «stevf-r be while Miss Catheron is at the , Royals." The drawing-room was brilliantly lighted, and, standing in the full glare the lamps— Inez. She was gorgeous Sjhis evening in maize silk that was like (Woven sunshine; she had a white ca- jheHla in her hair, a diamond cross on wer breast, scented lace about her, dia monds on her arms and in her ears. So &be; stood— a resplendent vision— so Sir Victor beheld her again. He put up his band for an instant, like \- tne who is dazzled — then he led forward fcie wife, as men have led on a forlorn hope. "My cousin," he said, "my wife; Inez, this is Ethel." j \- There was- a certain pathos in the eitn- , jplicity of the words, In the tone of his ! voice. In the look of his eyes. And as jome very uplifted young empress anight bow to the lowest of her hand maidens, Miss Catheron bowed to Lady Catheron. "Ethel," she repeated, a smile on her lips, "a pretty name and a pretty face. I congratulate you on your taste, Vic tor. And this is the baby— I must look at him." There was an insufferable insolence in the smile, an insufferable sneer in the compliment. Ethel had half extended a timid hand — Victor had wholly ex tending a pleading one. She took not the slightest notice of either. She lifted the White veil, and looked down at the sleep ing baby. "The heir of Catheron Royals," she said, "and a fine baby, no doubt, as babies go. I don't pretend to be a judge. He is very bald and very flabby, and very fat just at present. Whom Vjoes he resemble? Not you, Victor, Oh, no doubt the distaff side of the (house. What do you call him, nurse? Not christened yet? But, of course, the ihelr of the house is always christened .at Catheron Royals. Victor, no doubt you'll follow the liabit of your ancestors, and give him his mother's family name. iYour mother was the daughter of a tnarquls, and you are Victor St. Aubyn Catheron. Good customs should not be ' dropped. Let your son's name be Vic tor Dobb Catheron." Bhe laughed as she dropped the veil, £ laugh that made all the blood in Sir Victor's body tingle In his fece. But he etood silent. And It was Ethel who, to Tfbe surprise, of everyone, her. husb&ud; included, turned Upon Miss Catheron, (With dashing eyes and flushing cheeks. . "And suppose he Is christened Victor Dobb Catheron, what then? It is an honest English name, of which none of Sny family have ever had reason to feel ashamed. My husband's mother may have been the daughter of a marquis — my eon's mother is the daughter of a tradesman — the name that has been good enough for me will be good enough forhim. I have yet to learn that there A any disgrace In honest trade." ' MIbs Catheron smiled once more — a smile more stinging than words. 'No doubt , You have many things yet to learn, I am quite sure. Victor, tell your wife that, however duclet her liroide may be, it would sound sweeter if not raised so very high. Of course, it is to be expected— I make every allow ance, poor child, for the failings of her — class. The dressing-bell is ringing- dinner in an hour. Until then— au re- ivoir." Still with that most insolent smile she bows lows once more, and in her gold silk, her Spanish laces, her dla- anonds and splendour, Miss Catheron swept out of the room. And this was Ethel's welcome home. Just two hours later— a young man came walking toriskljT up the long avenue leading to the great portico en trance of Catheron Royals. The night Was dark, except for the chill, white stars; here, under the arching oaks and elms, not even the starlight shone. But neither for the darkness nor loneliness cared this young man. With his hands . In his pockets, he went along with a swinging pace, whistling cheerily. He mas very tall; -he walked with a swag ger. You could make out no more In the darkness. The great house loomed up before him —huge, black, grand, a row of. lights all along the first floor. The young man stopped his whistling, and looked up (With a smile not pleasant to see. "Four years ago," he said, between his teeth, "you flung me from your door Bike a dog, most noble baronet, and you swore to lodge me in Chesbolm gaol if I ever presumed to come back. And I swore to pay you off if I ever had a Chance. To-night the chance has come, tthanks to the girl that jilted me. You're « young, man of uncommonly high sto mach. my baronet, proud as Lucifer, and jealous as the devil. I'll give your pride and your jealousy a chance 1 to Show themselves to-night." He lifted the massive brass knocker, and brought it down- with a clang that echoed through the house. Then he be- yon whistling again, watching those lighted, lace- draped windows. "And to think," he was saying in wardly, "to think of our little Ethel be ing mistress here. On my word, it's -a lift in life for the soap-boiler's pretty daughter. I wonder what they're all about up there now, -and how Inez takes St. I think there must baye been dic kens to pay when she heard it first.' , (To be Continued 