'In tlie Droving- Days."| A week ago w® refwrred to the fact of a large number of cattle having died on the track from Birdsville to Hergott. We have been informed that one of the drover's horses was disabled by an infuriated bullock and that one of the men nearly lost his life on the trip. The Register has had an interview with the gentleman who had charge of the cattle who were supposed to be consigned to KiHman Bros., but sinco repudiated, as follows :— People attracted by tho "strange invit ing" of tho life, and who are apt to overlook the hardships one is liable to encounter " in the droving days," will be interested to hear something of tbe experiences of Mr J. C. Clarke who was in charge of the mob of 550 cattle among which there was such heavy mortality on the long track of about 610 miles from Warrinda to Hergott Sprinpp, where at present the drought fien>l holds his sway. Mr Clarke says tbe track is very bad all the way, not a bit of feed, and that dead rabbits are to be met with in hundreds The last 320 miles is in a deplorable state There is one stage ot 110 miles without water for cattle, and it was while travelling over this from the Seven Snn'tbills to Cooper's Creek that the cattle sue cumbed. Nearly 400 were loBt. Mr Clarke says : " At the Mulgaraonie well, situated about seventy miles from tbu Seven Sandhills, there is a small supply of water, hut it IB very salt, and it is impossible to water a large mob. There is another well, about 20 miles from there, called Mulca, but it is impossible to water eight head of horses there. I could not get a drink for the two we were riding. Four miles further on is ' New Well.' There is good wat< r here, but there is no supply at all, and it is perfectly useless lor cattle. About 9 o'clock one morning when we were close to the <ilu!ca well we steadied the cattle with tlie idea of giving them a few minutes' spell. We saw a terrible duBtstorm corains up against us in the distrnce, and about ten minutes afterwBrds we were literally blinded. It lasted till 8 o'clock that night, and we could not see fifty yards in front of us. Tbe heat was intense, and frightfully hot wind prevailed. It took us about sn hour and a half to eet the cattle over a little sandhill just off the road. We let them spread about in the few bushes there were hut within a conple of hours 150 were dead, and tbey died on from 10.30 a.m. till 8 o'clock that night. From the time tlie storm came on us until daylight next morning we only travelled three miles. Next day saw something similar. The heat was terrible, and the beasts died in eights and tens from there till we reached the Cooper. In addition to tbe 81 which we got to Hergott we left 47 alive, nnable to travel, at Cooper's Creek, while 23 were ellowed to remain at the Seven Sandhills on account of showing signs of poisoninir. Four died from poison, so of the 545 which croBssed tbe border 398 gave up tbe ghost, and it was an awlnl sight to see them struggling between life end death." "The route must be in a shock ing state?" "My God," answered the man from the bottom of his heart, " they want rubbing np about that rood, it is in a frightful etate. I have been knocking about all my life, bnt I reckon this the hardest time I ever had. Why, I was nearly dead myself." Mr L. A. Wells is now out with camels, on a search expedition for his cousin C. Wells snd R. Jones, the lost members of the Calvert exploring party—he is accompanied by nuchannan, Bejah en Afghan, and a black tracker. Mr Rudall's party, with camels, are also out in Bearcb, aB are also two other parties. A picnic party in connection with the local Agricultural Bureau paid a visit to tbe site of the Nectar Brook Reservoir yesterday. Our Mayor, when in Sydney, bad a very pleasant interview with Mr Quong Tart— the great Chinese Tea Merchsnt of New South Wales. Mr Quong Tart is a Chinese gentleman and Mandarin, who is most highly spoken of by all classes in Sydney, and Mr Webb speaks in glowing terms of tbe hospitable treatment be received at bis hands. Mr Tart is wellknown as a liberal dispenser of hospitalities to all accredited visitors to N.S.W. We have lively recolleetions of Qoong Tart's kindnesses duriog tbe Sydney Grand Centennial Rifle Matches of 1887. A boy's composition on bens :—" Hens ia curious animals—tbey don't have no nose, nor no teeth, nor no ears. Th^y swallow their vittles whole and chew it np inside in their cropB. The ontside of hens is generally pnt into pillows and feather dusters. The inside of a ben is sometimes filled with marbles and shirtbuttons and such. A hen is very much smaller than a good many other animals, hut they'll dig np more cabbage plants than anything that ain't a ben can. The ambition of moat hens is to be labelled in tbe market as spring chickens." The Mount Morgan Mine, from 55,000 tons of stone, gave tbe handsome return of 76,500 01. of gold for tbe past half-year Tber* we 7,000,000 Jm is Bum. 