THE GHOST THAT STARTLED THE FARMERS. (To the Editor.) Sik, — My attention huB beon drawn to a ahoit article in your issue of tho 10th inst., nnder tho above heading, by John Elsynop, M P. The writer is evidently quite satisfied with himself, and . gprobibly enjoys a conscious pride ut soeini; his name so fre quently in print. He rndeavors, by a auuuyu contusion or ideas, lo prove mat money tiots riot actually go nut of tho country to equalise the ' balance if trade.' On tho question of importi and exports tho wr t:rV knowledge is sadly deficient. This assumption is highly amusing. He has evi dently forrnnd a low est ma'eof thaintel'ec tual (standard of ynur readers, ns he appears to gauge their capacity by his own, as the following will, I. think, clearly show. He assures your readers, to use his own turms, ' there is no such thing as sending money out of tho country.' And, again, 'there nyver was any money going out of the country; it wasonly schoolboy tilk.' A c curdinq to the Sydney Morning Herald, the imports into this co:ony for the first three . ' '-ha. . .. .- ' 120, .. .. ; eximrta ? : ? -.no J'.jue f-.-riod ..KHi.'ivfl to. To :bese : p1.,. ? - !' r't'-'-'ivci! I'mrf Oiitwide :!0'ii-rii. iinjic.-;-.; »uv-uV.V'i»j; i. . £?- : .120, -i2 we -?? n-.i :,-.vav .friTti die c.Tiorts r *o ;W-': .'-juontly ?»i» i.. m.v Iv. u. . ..I iuipurie mori- than the amount ivo exported, showing that tho ''balanca of trade ' is ngainst us to the sum of £718,170. In order to more cor rectly gaiiue our position, we are thereby indeb'ed to outside sources in the sum mentioned above for excess of imports over exports. Let it be granted that our exports will bo worth about 10 per cent more in value upon airiral nt the other side than when tbpy were shipped from this colony ; tho figuri'S will fitanrt ? thus : — Imports, £4, 320,120. Export', £3,601:944 ; 10 per upnt. added, £360,194 ; total, £3,962.138. There remains a sum equil to £357,982 due for exce;s of imports ovar exports still to be paid by this colony. This reprefents a very substantial amount for the brief spaoe of three months, which amount must be paid in coin, seems it has not been paid for in the form ol exports. Tho figures demonstrate how this colony is being drained of its coin by several hundred thousand pounds t - pay for pro duce raised and goods manufactured in places beyond this colony, whi'e our own workmen are unemployed and our industries stagnant. This is the '['host' that not alone 'startles tha farmer,' but every re flective mind may discern ia its continuance disaster and ruin. The writer on'inues : ' For instanoe, in Now South Wales 20 year3 ag- we hod abiut eight millions of money coined for the use of the people, but thoujh we have Im ported millions' worth of goods and sold millions' worth sioce then, there -is only about the sime amount of money now ; no more is required.' This is certainly re assuring, if not amusing, and is. quite a specimen of Haynesian philosophy. Such statements ara absurd and scarcely call for refutation. If eight millions of money was sufficient for aU purposes of trade 20 years ago, with nearly half our present popula tion, does it not follow that more money will be required for our increased trade re quirements now, with a population mote than double that of 20 years ago ? In this connection another question presents itself: What has become of the Several millions'^ J ^ei'SIgns ooineotjlu tliis colony during th£20 years under review, if, as asserted by the writer, ' there is only about' the same amount of money now j no mote ia required.''. What haa become of the several millions of sovereigns coined during that period ? One of two answers can only be given— either that these sovereigns have been shipped aw^y to pay for imported goods (which contradicts the Haynesian theory) or these several millions of sovereigns must be ttill ia the colony (which is squally contradictory to that theory) — or, to put it mildly, they may yet be discovered in the proverbial 'old woman's sticking. ' — or some one may have consigned them to that limbo of froetrado fallacies, ' where hope never enters.' Free traders do not like the cold steel of facts : its stern logic does not suit iheir palate. A mildly dished up hash of theory is more congenial to their tastes. W. G. CAMERON. Wo'longong, 20th April, 