FALSE EVIDENCE B? E. PrLLtlrs OrP'ENseEIc. Author of " A Monk of Cruta," " A Daughter of the Maroni," etc. 'ublished by special arrangement woith ftcssrs. lVard, Lock e" Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVEB.] PROLOGUE. The lsot sally had been made and re pulsod, the last shot fired; the fight was over, and victory remained with the white men. And yet, after all, was it a victory or a massacre! If you were a stay-at home, ant read the report from the telegrams in your club, or in the triumphant columns of the daily papers, especially those on the aside of the Ministry, you would certainly have pronounced it the former. But if you had been there on the spot, and had seen the half-naked, ill-armed natives, with the tire of patriottsm blazing in their eyes and leapiog in their heerts-had seen them being shot down in rows by the merciless guns of the Eoglish batterice-another view of the matter might have presented itself to you. It might have oconrred to you that these men were fighting on their own soi. for their freedom and their country, and that the spirit which was blinding their eyes to the hopelessness of resistance, and urging them on to resist the strangers' progress with such passionate ineffectiveness, was, after all, a natural and a poetic one. But, after all, that has noshing to do with my story. Tte battle was over, and is was morning. Far away in the east a dull red light had arisen from over the tops of the towering black mountains, and an angry sun was allenly shining on the scene of carnage. It was a low hillside, once pleasant enough to look upon, but at that moment probably the most hideous eight which the whole universe could have shown, The silvery streams, which had trickled lazily down to the valley below, now ran thick and red withblood. The luxuriant shrubs and high waving ferns were trampled down and dis figured, and, meet horrible eight of all, everywhere were strewn the copper coloured forms of the beaten natives. There tooy lay apart and in heaps in all imagin able postures, and with all imaginable expressions en their hard, battered faces. Some lay on their eides with their fingers looked around their spears, and the rigid frown and convulsed passion of an nn dying hatred branded on their numbed fea tures, Others leas brave had been shot in the back whilst flying from the de.th-deal eing fire of the European guns, and lay stretched about in attitudesa which in life would have teen comical, but in death were grotesquely hideous; and over the sloping tields the misty clouds of smoke still lin gered and enrled upwards from the bat tered extinct shells which lay thick on the ground. High above the scene of devasetation, on a rocky plateau at the summit of the range of hills, were pitched the tents of the victors. A little apart from these, con spicuous by the flag which floated above it, were the general's quarters; and noder. neath that sloping roof of canvas a atrange soene was being enacted. Seated amongst a little group of the superior officers, with a heavy frown on hia stern face. eat the general. Before him, at a little distance, with a soldier on either side, stood a tall, alight young man, in the uniform of an officer, but aewordless. His smooth face, as yet beardless, was dyed with a deep flnah, which might well be there, whether it proceeded from shame or indignation. For he was under arrest, and charged with a crime which, in a soldier, is heinous Indeed-it was cowardice. It was a court-martial before which he atocd arraigned, although a hastily im provised one. Bat soldiers have prompt ideas of justite, and General Luxton was a martinet in all matters of discipline. Diso!plinarian though he was, however, he liked little the task which was now before him. He looked up from the papers, which were stretched out on the rioketty little raond table, with a sudden movement, and bent his frowning gaze upon the accused. The young man returned his gaze steadily, but the colour in his cheeks grow deeper. "Herbert Devereex, yon stand accused of a crime which; in your profession, nothing can palliate or exouse. Have you anything to say for yourself?' "There will be no need for me to say anything, sir," was the prompt reply. "It is true that I turned my back upon the enemy, but it was to face a greater danger. The man whose life I saved oan disprove this cruel charge against me in a moment. I admit that, from your point cf view, ap pearances a?e suspicious, but you have only to learn from my half-brother, Repert Devereux, why I quitted my post, and what I effected by so doing, to absolve me at least from all susplcion of cowardice, how ever much I may be to blame as a matter of discipline." General Luxton appeared surprised, a lltile relieved, "I hope so," he said, not unkindly. R Boberts, send an orderly to Lieutenant Devereux's tent, and command his presence t once," The man withdrew, and there was a few minutes' delay. Then the entranco to the tent was lifted up, and a tall, dark young man, with thin but decided features, and flashing black eyes, stepped forward. He was handsome, after a certain type, but his expression was too lifeless and supercilious to be prepossessing. General Luxton looked up and nodded. " Leutenant Devereux, your half brother, who stands accused of cowardioein the fsce of the enemy, appeals to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw of him during the recent fightting." Esgerly, and with a confident light in his itr yoong fare, the prisoner turned to wards the man to whom these words were addressed. But slowly and deliberately the latter turned his back upon his half-brother without noticing his glance of appeal, and with a acornful light in his eyes. There was a alight murmur, and an interchange of looks amongst the few wno were presenot at this sialgnificant action. "I do not know, General Lurton," he mld, slowly, "what the prhtoner can expect me to say liinly to benefit him. He can suaroe!y DO so mad os to expect mo to shield him in this maitter on account of our reslationship, or t3 preserve the honour of our name, and yet I do not see why elshe he should have appealed to me. I saw very little of the alair, and would rather not have seen that. I was riding to you, sir, with a message from Colonel Elliott; and, as I passed trench 4, I saw the prlsor.er suddenly leave his company and run to wards me. HIe passed several yards to the le?ft, and as he seemed to be hurrying along aimleoaly, I called to him. He made no ansewer, but-" "LteaI' The woeld seemed hurled out with such a prsionate intensity that every one started. GeneralLenton looked up angrily. "Silence, sir I You will have an oppor tunity of saying what you have to say Presaently. Prooeed, Devereux." "As I was saying," Ripert Dovereunx ontiuned calmly, without appearing to hrave noticed the interrnption, "he made 0o answer, but seemed to wish to avoid me. As the message with which I wee entrusted was an important one, I rode on Lnd left him hurrying towards the rear." With a sterner air even than he had at fret assumed, General Luxton turned to wards the unfortunate young man who stood before him. He was standing as though turned to stone, with wide-open egysees, stariug at the man who had just spoken, attitude and expression alike bo apeaking an overpowering bewilderment "You are at liberty to ask the witness any quesltions," the General said, shortly. For a moment there was a dead lsienoe, Then the words came pouring out from his quivering lips like a mountain torrent. "Rupert, what have you said? What does this moan ? Good God, are you try ing to ruin me? Did I not run to your as. sistance because you were beset by those three blackgnards? Didn't I kill two of them and save your life! You can't have forgotten it I Why ure you lying ? Hilton saw it all, and so did Fenwiok. Whore are they? My God, this is horrible !" The deep flash had gone from his cheeks, and left him pale as death. Great beade of perspiration stood out upon his forehead, and there was a wild look in his deep blue eyes. But the man to whom he made his passionate appeal kept his back turned and heeded not a word of it. Instead of answer ing he addressed the General. " General Luxton," Rupert said, calmly, " the accused, in denying the truth of my statement, menticns the names of two men whom he admits were witnesses of this lamentable occurrence. Might I suggest that they be called to give their version ?" The General nodded assent, and the thing was done. But Hilton was tkhe only one who answered the summons, and on referonco to a list of the killed and wounded it was found that Fenwick was reported missing. "John Hilton, the accused has appealed to you to give evidence on his behalf. Let us hear what you saw of him during the recent fighting." The man, an ordinary- looking private, stopped forward and saluted. " I only saw him for i moment, sir," he said, slowly, and with a marked reluctance. " I was riding behind Lieutenant Devereux when I saw him leave his company and pass us a few yards to the left. It struck me that he looked very pale, and I thought perhaps he was wounded." " He did not leave his company to come to your master's assistance, then ? ' "Certainly not, sir. We were not in any need of it. None of the enemy were near Us." "Thank you. You can go, Hilton." The man saluted and went. There was a dead silence for a full minute. Then there came a passionate, hysterical cry from the prisoner Liar ! Liar ! General Luxton, upon my honour, either my brother and this man are under some hallocination or they have entered into a conspiracy against me. Before God Almighty I swear that I only left my post because several of the enemy had crept down from the bill behind and had attacked my brother and his servant. I killed one of them, and the blood of the other is still on my sword. Why. Rupert, you know that you called out, ' Thanks, Herbert, you have saved my life.' Those were your very words !" The man appealed to shook his head slowly and as though with great reluctance. The sight seemed to madden the !prisoner, and he made a sudden movement forward as though to spring at him. . Oh, this is horrible !" he cried. "Wherel Fen ick! He saw it all. Let binr be called." General Luxtoa glanced again at the list Ioetoe him and looked up. "You are unfortunate in your selections," he said, dryly. " The evidence of Hilton and your brother, to whom you appealed, nly strengthen the case against you. Fenwlck is missing. Herbert Devereux," he went on sternly, "the charge against you has been proved. I, my?r?f, at a most critical moment, saw you desert your post when it was the centre of attack, and it fell to another's lot to lead your men on to the pursuit. The reasons which you have brought forward to account for yeour n warrantable action have been clearly dis posed of. You are most certainly guilty of a crime, which, amongst sold:ers, there is no pardon, But you are young, and I can. not forget that you are the son of one of the most distingulased offioers with whom it has been my good fortune to be associated. For his sako I am willing to crake some allow ance for yon-on one conditlon you may re tain your commission, and, I trust, retrieve this well-nigh fatal mistake in the future. To the crime of cowardice you have added the crime of lying ! for that your account of the attack upon your half.brother and your rescue is a pure fabrication I cannot doubt. The peculiar curve in the defile behind trench 4 unfortunately hid you from the field of battle and prevents further evidence as to the eocurrence which, you say, took place. But that your story is false no one can possibly doubt. The place has been carefully examined, and there are no dead bodie3 within a hundred yards. It seems, from your appeal to your half-brother, that you expected him to shield you at the oxpense of his honour. This lie and false statement of yours you must retract if you hopa for any mercy from me." There was a convulsive agony in the boy's white, strained face as he drew himself up, and looked half piteously, half indignantly at his judge. But when he tried to speak he could not, and there wan a minute or two's dead silence whilst he was struggling to obtain the mastery over himself. All ex peoted a confession, and General Luxton removed his eyes from the prisoner, and bent close over his papers, that none might read the compassion which was in his heart, and which was reflected in his face. The words came at last; and shrill and incoherent though they were, there was a ring of genuine dignity in them. "General Luxton, I have been guilty neither of cowardice nor falsehood. I swear before God, on the sword which my father himself put into my hands before I left England; by everything that is most holy to me I swear that my account of this awful occurrence is true, Ask the men of whom I was in cemmsnd when I caught sight of -of him "-and he pointed with a trembling finger and a gesture than which nothing could have been more dramatio to his half. brother-" ask them whether I bore myself like a coward when those spears were whistling around us, or when we were fight. ing band-to-hand after the first repulse. God knows that I did not. I left my i st to encounter a greater danger still, Bitterly do I regret that I ever did so ; but it is the ,nly Indiscretion of which I am guilty. I swear it." General Luxton raised his head, and what there bad been of compassion in his face was nither gone or effectually concealed. " You have sworn enough already." he said, sternly. "Herbert Devereuxa, I am bitterly dbappointodin you. I was wlling to spare your father the disgrace which I fear will kill him; but you out away the ground from under my fooeet. You are most certainly proeed guiallty of gross cowardice in the face of the enemy, found guilty, not upon the evidence of one man, but of two, and one of those your own relative. Cir acumatances, too, a0e strong against you, so are the probabilities. Most undeniably and conclueively yon are found guilty; guilty of fal' ehood. You will remain under arrest until I can find an opportunity of sending an escort with yenou to the Heka. Your commisslon is forfeited to the Queen, whose uniform youn have disgraeood." Never a sign of guilt in the prisoner's conntenance. Proudly and indignantly he looked his General straight in the faoe, his cheeks red with a fluash, which was not of shame, and the wild fury in his heart bliez fog out of his eyes. "It is not I who have disgraced the Queen's colours; but he-he who has fabri cated and sworn to a false string of lies. Rupert, in your heart alone is the know lodge of why you have done this thing. But some day you shall tell me-or die." There was somathing intensely dramatio in thoe passionate bitterness which vibrated in the shrill boyish, tone, and, as though moved by a common impulse, every one In the tent followed that threatening gesture. But the face of lupert Deveoreux was little like the face of a guilty man. He looked somewhat agitated, and a good deal pained; but although he was the cynosunre of all eyes, he turned never a shade the paler, nor flinched once from the passionate fire which was leaping from the eyes of the young prisoner. He seemed as though about to make some reply; but the General raised his hand. "Remove the prisoner." There was a saudden ommotion, for, with a deep, despairing groen, and arms for a moment lifted high aboye hi bad,ha h?d staggered backwards and sunk heavily to the ground in a dead swoon. What wonder! He was but a boy after all. "Herbert I Why, Herbert I Good God l where did you spring from Are you in valided t' The moonlight was streaming in through the high oriel windows of the long picture gallery, glittering upon the armour and crossed weapons which hung upon the walls, and casting fantastio rays down the polished oak floor. Colonel Sir Charles Devereux dropped the cigar which he had been peacefully smoking, and brought to a sudden halt his leisurely perambulation of this, his favourite resort. Before him, with drooping head, with sunken checks, and with deep black rims under his eyes, stood his son Herbert, who, only a few weeks ego, had departed on his first campaign, a happy, oareleass young sub. Was it, indeed, his son, or was it a ghost that bhad stolen upon him out of the gloomy shadows of the vast gallery ! "Invalided I Would to God that I was dead 1" broke from the boy's quivering lips. " Father, I have blought disgrace upon you -disgrace upon our name." And he stretched out his hands towards the long line of pictured warriors, who seemed to be frowning down upon him from the wall. " Disgrace that you will never forgive, never pardon." Like a statue of stone the proud old soldier stood while he listened to his son's story. Then, with a half-s.emotherd groan, he deliberately turned his back upon him. "Father," he pleaded, "listen to me. Before heaven I swear that I m innocent. Rupert lied. Why, I don't know, but he lied. I never felt fear." His father turned half round. "You have been put on your defence. General Luxton would never have found your father's son guilty of cowardice had there been room for doubt. The charge was proved against you in court-martial." "' But, father, it was because they believed Repert and his man. The only other men who saw the struggle are dead." Colonel Devereux turned away and hid his faeos in his hands. "A Devereux gullty of cowardice!" he groaned. "My God that it should have been my son I' Then with a sudden movement he turned round. His son had sank upon his knees b,fore him, and the moon was throwing a ghastly light upon his haggard, supplicating face. "Out of my sight and onto! my heart for ever, Herbert Devereux l" cried his father, his tones vibrating with a passionate con tempt. "You have brought disgrace upon a stainless name. Curse you for it, though you be a thousand times my son. You shall not sleep under this roof again. Be gone ! Change your name, I coommandyou I Forget that you are a Devereux, as I most surely shall. Turn linendraper, or man milliner, or lawyer, what you will so that I never eoe or hear from you again. Be gone, and ourse you," Scathing and vibrating with scorn though the words were, they seemed to touch a chord in the boy's heart, not of humiliation, but of righteous anger. He sprang to his feet, and held himself for a moment as proudly as any of his armoured ancestors who looked down from the walls upon father and son. "I will go, then," he cried, firmly. "It is right that I should go. But, after, all, it is false to say that I have disgraced your name. It is Raport who has done this." He turned and walked steadily away, without a backward glance. Out of the swing deats on to the broad staircase, he passed along noble corridors, between rows of marble statues, down into the mighty dome-like hall, and out of the house which he had loved so well. And the servants, who would have pressed forward to wel oome him, hung back in foer, for there was that in his face which they shrank from lookiog upon. Out into the soft summer night he stepped, heedless of their wonder log glances, and down the broad avenue he hurried, never pausing once to breathe in the balmy night wind, heavy with the odour of sweet-smelling flowers, or to listen to the singing in the low copse which bordered the gardens. Through a low Iron gato he stepped into the park, and walked along, never glancing to the right or to the left at the strange shadows cast by the mighty oak-trees on the velvety turf, or at the startled deer, who sprung up on every side of him and bounded gracefully away, or at the rabbits who were scampering about all around in desperate alarm; once he had eyoved to watch and to listen to all these things; but now he felt only a burning desire to escap3 from them, and to find himself outside the confines of the home which he was leaving for ever, And not until he had reached the last paling, and had vaulted into the broad, white road, did his strength desert him. Then, faint and weary, and heartalok, he sank down in a heap on the roadside, and prayed that he might die. a a s a a A cloudless summer morning, with the freshness of dawn still lingering in the air. A morning which seemed about to herald in one of Nature's perfect days, on which tobe sad were a crime, and to have troubles absurd. Already the dreamy humming of bees was floating in the atmosphere, and the lark had given place to noisier, if less mausical, songsters. It was a glorifonus morn O~ver the low, iron gate of an old-fashioned garden a girl was leaning, her head resting lightly upon her hand, gazing acroas the pleasant meadows to the darc woods be yoad, with a soft, far-away look In her grey eyes-for she was thinking of her lover. She was dressed in a blue print gown, which hung in simple folds around her straight. slim figure, and she had carelessly passed the long stalk of a full-blown red rose with. in her waistband. It was a very pleasant view that she was admiring; but any casual spectator would have declared that she was the meat charming objeot in it. And there was a spectator, although not a casual one. Suddenly, like a ghost, the figure of her dreams stood before her. Pale, haggard, and dishevelled-looking, he seemed to have risen out of the very ground; and it was very little to be wondered at that, at first, she shrank back alarmed. "Herbert! Herbertl can it really be you 1" He never answered her; but as the first surprise began to fade away, she moved forward, and would have thrown herself in his arms. But he stopped her. " Keep back, Marian," he cried, hoarsely; "keep away from me! I have come to bid you good-bye." bsift, sudden fear drove the colour from her cheeks, and ohilled her through and through; but she faltered out an answer. "sGood-bye, Herbert! What do yon mean? Oh, tell me what has happened, qulok I" "The one thing worse than death, Marlan--dieograce I" And then, with his faee turned away, and his eyes resting wearily on the pictnresque landscape, he told her his story, The last word had left his quivering lips, and he stood as though in a dream. The worst was over. He had told his father, and he had told her. It seemed like the end of all things to him. Suddenly a pair of white arms were thrown around his neck. and a great red rose was crushed to pieces against his waist e?at. c"Herbert?! oh, Herbert! how dreadful I Don't look like that, you frighten me 1" He was striving to free himself, but she would not let him go. "Doare?t, yeou don't understand I Thin is rain to me. My father has turned me from the house, commanded me to bear an other name, disowned me. Be brave, Marian, for we must part, I am here only to tell you this, and to bid you farewell." Still she would not let him go. "You will do nothing of the sort, sir. I'll not be thrown over in that fashion," she said, struggling to smile through her tears, "And Herbert, h, eBarbert I how ill you look I You've beeon eat all night" He did not deny it, but again he strove to disongage himself. But she would have none of it. "Bertle, dearest," she spoke cheerfully, though her eyes were still swimming with tears, "you mustn't think that you're going to get rid of us in this way. You've just got to come into breakfast with me, and afterwards we'll tell grannie all about It. Come along, sir, I insist." He braced himself up for ressatance, but he had still to loiearn that against a woman's love a man's will can prevail nothing, At first he was firm, then wavering, and finally he was led in triumph across the smooth lawn and along the winding path to the French window of the morning-room. But when he found himself face to face with the kind old lady who had loved him as her own eon, and saw the tears trickle down her withered, apple-red choceks as she listened to the tale which Marlan poured out, he felt that he had passed the limits of self endurance. For more that twenty-four hours he had neither eaten nor drank, and he was slok at heart. Gradually Merion felt the arm, which she had drawn tightly through here, grow heavier land heavier until at last as she finished her tale with a little burst of indignation, he sank back in the arm.chair, and slowly fainted. But through the mist which closed in upon him he saw nothing but kindly pitying faces bending over his, and heard Grannle's gentle whisper "I believe yone, Herbert," ad .co:t emphatic but none the loss earnest were her words, whose sweet, tear.stained face, so close to bhi, was the last he saw when un consciousness was closing in upon him. "So do I, Bertie, I hate Rupert," and' sweeter than the most heart-stirring music were the following words she added "And I love yon better than ever. Oh, Grannie, Grannule, he has fainted I" CHAPTER I. MY APOLOGY. Fortune is the strangest mistress a man ever wooed. Who courts herehe shuns, who deserves her she passes over, and on him who defies her and takes no pains to secure her she lavishes her favours. I am one of those to whom she has shown herself most kind. Many years ego I vowed my life away to one purpoee, and that partly an Immoral one. It was a purpose which held my life. I swore tc seek no end apart from I,and I put away from my thoughts all joys that were not included in dite acosm plishment. And yet, having kept my oath, I still possess in the prime of life every. thing which a man could wish for. I am rich, and well thought of amongst my follows. Iammarriedtothe woman whom I love and lifo is flowing on with me as calmly and peacefully as the murmuring waters of a woodland stream in the middle of summer. And, above a I, my heart is at ease, for I have kept my vow. She is a strange mistress indeed I No thing have I sought or deserved of her, yet everythlog I have. Whilst he who was far above me In his deservings, and whose suffer. ings none save hmself th roughly understood, passed through a gloomy life, buffetel by every wind, stranded by every tide of fortune; misunderstood, wronged, falsely accused, and narrowly escaped remaining in men's minds only as a prototype of a pas slonate, unforgivirg, QOuxotio man. Tnat the werln may kCow him as he was, and form a better judgment as to his character, I have gatnered together the threads of my life indissolubly connected with his, and have turned them insido out. I have never indulged myself with the feminine luxury of a alary, but with a surer progress than of pen over paper has the record of my strange life been written into my mind; and so I tell it just as it all comes basC to me, not as a professed story teller, with harmonious dates and regular evolution of plot, and neatly paged chap ters, but in a bolder way, leaving much to be guessed at, and some things untold. If there be any of them I have occasion to speak still amongst the living (my life his so contracted of late that many have passed out of its horizon), lot them remember for what purpose I write, and for his sake for hear to complain. If the sword were the pen, then would mine be the pen of a zeady writer, and I might be able to touch lightly on their shortcomings, and gild over the black spots on my own life. But enough of excuses. I take up my pen a blunt Englishman, an athlete rather than a scholar, to write a plain story which shall serve not as a eulogy, but as ajastification of the man to whom many years of my life have been ungrudgingly given. Let all shose who may feel dispoaeo to cavil at the discoanoctedaees of my loosely jointed story, remember this, and be silent. CHAPTER II. THE FIRoT CLOUD. About a mile seaward from Porlook, separated from it by a narrow strip of the most luxuriant meadowland in Devonshire, lies the village of Bossington. Perhaps it were better called a hamlet, for at the time when I knew anything about it (which, let the tourist remember, is many years ago) it consisted but of six or seven cottages, a farmhouse, and a half-ruined old manor house, for the privilege of living in which my father paid ten pounds a year, or some ouch trifling sum, to the neighbouring clergyman whose property it was. But what the place lacked in slze was certainly atoned for-and more than atoned for-by the beauty of its situation. High above it, like a mighty protecting giant, rose Bossington Headland, covered always with a soft, springy turf, and glow. Ing in midsummer with the brilliant colour ing of rich purple heather and yellow gorse. Often have I stood on its highest point, and with my head bared to the strong fresh breeze, watched the sun rise over the Dart moor Hills and Dnkerry Beacon, and waited until it shed its first warm gleams on the white cottages and queer old church tower of Porloeck, which lay oelustored to-I gother in picturesque irregularity at the head of the little bay. And almost as often have I gazed upon the same scene from the same spot by the less distinct but more harmonious light of the full harvest moon, and have wondered in which guise it seemed the fairest. Behind Bousington lay AUercombo Woods, great tree.covered hills sloping on one side down to the road which connected, and stil connects, Porlock with Iinehead and the outside world, and on the other, des cending preoipitously to the sea; so precipf tonsly indeed that It seemed always a wonder to me how the thickly growing but stunted fir trees could preserve their shape and regularity. The desoont from Bossing ton Headland into Ferlook was by a steep winding path through Allerocmbe Woods, uand many a time I have looked through the thin coating of green leaves upon the fields which stretched like a piec of patchwork below down to the sea, and wondered whether any other country in the world (I had never been out of Devonshire then) could be more beantiful than this. Within a atone's throw of where the blue sea of oar English Bay of Naples rippled in on to the firm white sands, was the tumble down old building in which we lived. What there had been of walls had long before our time been hidden by climbing plants and ivy, and in summer-time the place from a distance somewhat resembled a gigantic nosegay of cottage roses, jessamine, and other creeping flowers. There was but a small garden and no ground, for Boasoington Headland rose preolpiptonaly olose to the back of the house, and in front there was no space for any. A shed served as a stable for one or two Ermoor ponies, and also as a sleeping place for the lanky, raw-boned Devonshire lad whom we kept to look after them. There were but few habitable rooms in our mansion, but they were nsufliolent, for our household was a small one. My father, mother, sister, myself, and a country servant comprised it. We never had a vilsitor, save oeccaslonally the clergyman from Porlock. We never went anywhere. We knew no one, and at seventeen years of age an idea which had been developing in me for a long time, took to itself the tangible shape of words, - r. · "Father," I said to him one evening when we were sitting out upon our little strip of lawn together, he smoking, I envy ing him for being able to smoke, "do you know that I have never been out of Devon shire-nover been further than Exeter even, and I am eighteen years old " It was long before he answered me, and i when, at last, he turned round and did so, I was distressed to see the loek of deep anxiety in his worn, handsome face, and the troubled light in his clear eyes. " I know it, my boy," he said, pityingly. "I have been expecting this. You are weary of the country." I stood up, with my hands Inmy pockets, and my back against the latticed wall of the house, gazing over the sparkling, dancing sea, to where, on the horizon, the stars seemed to stoop and moot it. Was I tired of this quiet home ? I scarcely knew; country sports and country sights wore dear to me, and I had no desire to leave them for ever. I thought of the fat trout in the Exford streams, and the huntsman's rallying call from "t'other side Dankerry," and the wild birds that needed so much getting and such quick firing, and of the deep sea fishing, and the shooting up the ooembs from Farmer Palsford'e boat, and of the delight of shipping on hot summer's day and diving deep down into the cool bracing water. Why should I wish to leave all this ? What should I be likely to find pleasanter in the world of wbich, as yet, I know nothing? For a moment or two I hesitated-bot it was only for a moment or two. The restlessness which had been growing up within me for years was built upon a solid foundation, and would not be sllenced. "No, I'm not tired of the country, father," I answered, slowly. "I love it too much ever to be tired of it. But men don't generally live all their lives in one place, do they, without having any work or anything to do except enjoy themselves 1" "And what should you like to be !" my father asked, quickly. I had long ago made up my mind upon that point, and was not slow to answer "I should like to be a soldier," I de olared, emphatically. I was very little prepared for the result of my words. A spasm of what seemed to be the most acute pain passed across my father's fooe, and he covered it for a moment with his hands. When he withdrew them he looked like a ghost, deathly pale in the golden moonlight, and when he spoke his voice trembled with emotion. " God forbid that you should wish it seriously !" he said, " for it is the one thing which you can never be." "Oh, Hugh, you do not mean it really; you do not wish to go away from us I' I turned round, ,for the voice, a soft and gentle one, was my mother's. She woas standing in the open window with a fleecy white shawl around her head, and her eyes, the sweetest I ever saw, fixed appealingly upon me. I glanced from one to the other blankly, for my disapointment was great. Then, like a flub, a sudden conviction laid hold of me. Thero was some great and mysterioon reason why we had lived so long apart from the world. (To be ConIiued,.) 