OUE ADELAIDE LETTER. LOCAL AMUSEMENTS— AD- VERTISING THE WEST— AN ASSURED SURPLUS— CHEAP MONEY. Adelaide, June 8. Adelaide at present is pretty badly off in the matter of amuse ments, 'but something better is pro mised in the near future. The Theatre Royal is now occupied by Harry Riekards, who has other companies running in Sydney and Melbourne, ? so that he is able to distribute the talent at his dis posal between the three cities. He keeps the artists moving round, and so makes the most possible profit out of those who have to be brought from afar, and paid ex pensive salaries. The ? 'Fingliwri Concert Companv imported -by Messrs. P. A. Howells, C. J. Stevens, and F. Basse, of Adelaide has given several very successful entertainments here, and will leave for the east next week. Then there is a trick cyclist at work in the Exhi bition-buildings, and here ends the tale of amusements unlessone counts in the Zoo and the cyclorama, or the countless tea meetings which invite the patronage of those who desire to take their pleasure mildly. However, very soon Mrs. Brown Potter and Mr. Kyrle Bellew, who will open at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, to-night, in ' As You Like It.' will re- visifc this citv. and we are also promised a sight of the wonderful play of 'Trilby,' .which, staged by the American Company specially imported by Mr. J. C. Williamson, has delighted big audiences in Melbourne, and is now doing excel lent business in Sydney. Mme. Trebelli is likewise booked for a season here, and Fitzgerald's circus will come anon. As the large centres of Western Australia become joined together by railways, and travelling generally grows more comfortable, you are sure to receive visits from the best public entertainers, despite the waste of time between Sydney and Perth. MiTiiTig towns, especially wnen times are good, as they appear to be at present, are always liberal to showmen, and. Tommy Hudson, for instance, seems to be very happy in the west. He is a great favorite here. There has been quite a dis tinguished company of western speculators in Adelaide lately, and all of -them have been interviewed hy the Advertiser, which is taking a deep interest in the success of the fields in your part of the world. So many South Australians are at work on your side of the boundary that the success of the one colony means very much to the other. Among the gentlemen who have been giving their views are Mr- De Rose, the tt ? ^j 'Tur_ tt t- -arz\ ? »»_ t Hums, m i . vr . job. »» msuu, nir. u. R. Menzie, Mr. M. Walsh, and Mr. Keith, all of whom have had praise ful things to say. Their impres sions have spread over several columns, all of which are full of excellent advertisements for the goldfields. In the mean while the duplicate line which is to overcome the telegraph difficulty, now ggai' somewhat acute, is being rapidly run across the wide stretch of country which lies between us and you. Westward of Port Augusta the linemen are advancing at the rate of seven miles a week, and Sir Charles Todd expects this speed to be maintained unless there is a difficulty in the delivery of posts and other material. The tenders for this work, as far as the more distant portions of the line are concerned, are due on Monday week. Very good news is received as to the vigor of the western construction parties, and within the present year, or early in 1897, telegraph blocks, except in the case of interrup tions of the service, should be but ghost-like recollections of the ' past. Although- the Perth people are not so enthusiastic on the subject of the construction of the proposed line from Esperance to Norseman, we in Adelaide have great hopes of good things resulting from the opening of such a means of communication. After all, there can be no serious rivalry between Adelaide and Perth, for you have the key of the position, not only in respect to geographical advantages, but also in the right to adjust customs and railway tariffs. Mr. Holder is now sure that he will close the present financial year with a surplus, and to a very large extent the prosperity drawn from vour eoldfields is the cause of this happy state of affairs. The Cus toms receipts for the 11 months of the present financial year are more than .£45,000 in excess of the re .turag for the corresponding period of 1894-5, and they are now more than the' Treasurer's estimate for the whole 12 months to June 30\. The railway revenue is also briskening up beautifully ; so that altogether the Government is very easy on the score of the State balance-sheet. A Ministry always has a happy time when it can suggest the lowering of taxation, and Mr. Kingston told the people a little while ago that he is prepared to raise the exemption under the income tax from .£125 to .£150, which will mean a pretty large sum in the aggregate, for the impost is 4£d. in the pound or a saving of over 9s. in the .£25. Each of us imagines that he can dispose of the sum better than the Government which now collects it. The trustees of the Savings. Bank, who have been paying 4 per cent, fnteresfcon deposits for several years, have determined to reduce the-amount to 3£ per cent, for the lfianonths ended with June. Thin is a bad thing for individual depositors, but itshowa the general cheapness of money, and, therefore, from the producers' point of view, is a good sign. The Govern ment, which recently floated a 3 per cent, loan very suc cessfully in England, found no difficulty the other day in raising on mortgage bonds at 3? per cent, the money required to start the State Advances scheme, and it is not improbable that it will be able to lend to farmers and others at 4f percent. In that case capitalists who leave their money in the banks must be prepared forafurtherdrop in interest, for the Government action will necessitate the lowering of rates by other lending institu tions; Building is pretty brisk in Adelaide, because of the facility and the cheapness with which money can. be - obtained, and there ig sIbo more inclination to specu late in mining stocks where big and immediate profits are possible. The politicians who most fiercely opposed the State Advances Bill in the last Parliament are now for the most part willing to admit that they committed a mistake. 