it, ' A ; PUBLISHED Bl" SPECIAL AKRANOrJSMENT. f.' -.: ■:: V The r©L©WEL'S ~«_ ± ' ^a^pip ^tes-" 1 "" " - STRANGE STORY % \- xts DAUGHTER ♦ f^teOPTRIBIM : I., tfoftn mran$Q I feLnllior of •'Booties1* Baby," ." Beautiful Jiai/V'A Magnificent Young-Mao," ' £ "The Other Man's Wife," "Private Tinker," "A Born Soldier," &c.; £ f'CHAl'XBH XY.—(J?oiUiMied.)'. Hi yes,' Hutso -Mordnunt re-' plied, -■ '.sTieimny. live, for weeks. Shorhas a voider; ful store of strength be ; •: liind all that c exhaustion, lb, will rallv presently. She does It- every day—tliat- is the worst it?:of her - complaint. She •might gp lived for' months,-or • draped on to for- years, - if it had: not been-for pffovcr. Poor girl, it.is that which Sipping her life out' at the-very root.', lis I passed down thoiconidor l saw. fprinccss, ■ who was in her sitting Sm and on the lookout for me. '. ' I sr- afraid to stay in the room.with my ighter,' she said, drawing, mo to the idow, 'because -every-extra-.person b is breathing the air tends to. ex ist licr. That is why I slipped ky when I had taken, you in. - Tell jwhat you think of her.?-:: • • . I think she looks - terribly -ill, lame,' I replied. . . • pes, yes, morefban ill. . J sbsdlnot re ray child with me -long. - I am te prepared for it.- I have expected feared it, dreaded it for months past, ?it lias been very near: during- these kfewdays. It comes nearern with iry moment. She was pleased-to see [-!' she continued, with a great effort iheerfulness. ' [She seemed to ho.so and begged to go and see -her again. .-.You will d for me, madamo, at any time that I Ibe of the smallest pleasure or dis ition to her.' * - . ?■ You are remaining in Florestella ?■' ^ said. - i I-am remaining' for the - present ? inse I dread leaving, and the doctor's 3 for my taking a journey while [health is so had as citus just now. suit- think that.I-sliall got the fever, jn't feel like it.' ahy- one never knows. It would be ferto get away.; I cannot,- of course l.could not move-my daughter in-her fent condition; that is out of'the Sstion. But yon—your - tie here; is ken; you have yourself and -your band to tlnuk of. ' 3Iy dear friend,' iwcnt on, laying her slim hand upon ■shoulder with a gesture of affection, i us only the shadow of grief ever i cts in those who have . but just Jpcd to know each other, .' for his jp you ought to get away.' fifNot for a few days,' I said, drawing jcp breath. 11 am not fit- to take a caey, and ayah is not fit to do so 'l icr. I have to think of her a little, j tie - Anglo-Indians do think of- the ives, yon know, though the majority ti lot. Some treat the natives as if were dirt under their- feet; and ns eir lives were worth nothing; hut •' I poor soul clung to my little; child , h a devotion which has outshone any l: ption which I have ever seen, apd I J hot drag her off on a journey. until • f has somewhat recovered-from her 1 jnustion and grief. I shall remain e for the present,'. I ended. ' People a have been used to living in India -not run away liko scared -■ rabbits m the more chance of infection.' !o I remained on, and ■ ovei-y ■ day, , Retimes tivice, Uiirse Alordaunt would : lo round and fetch me- to pay a visit I the young princess.- Sometimes I ! aid stay half an hour beside her, not " fing much, hut just sittiug there; at . pre she would he tired in ton j tptcs, and one day. she said: to me, II rs. Hanilyn, do you sing?' b is a matter of fact, I did sing; -not r> Y much, not to pride myself upon it J or I had never, had tho advmitngo ■ or . mce .of receiving really good training —but. It,•had a *pleasant little mezzo soprano pipe, and I-saug, or I had. been used to sing, to please myself, and'.those who loved me.' > Having;found out . so much; she insisted on ray singing to lier. She -was passionately fond of music, and thclandlord of the Hotel des Anglais, who would, -1 ■« think, have, given. his head to make the Austrian ladies happy or comfortable, brought in a little-piano from ids wife's sitting-room,-and put it in the largo arid airy" apartment ■ into which Princess Elisabeth's bed was moved every -morning through the fold ing doors from her sleeping, chamber. : '-; After the coming of the. piano, I "used to spend hours there during tlief course of .the day, going over all the songs that 1 had ever known,- not attempting to sing grandly;. but; just " crooning : over the airs which were lier favourites and mine"; and sometimes the Princess her self would, come1 and sit > listening, and once or twice she.came into' the, corridor with me, and told'rae, with; tear-laden eyes,-that snovcr, never should , she be able to make mo any -adequate return for-, what Of had - been able to "do, for her. ' But I cannot help being anxious and; liriensy about ~:you,t''/shc ended: You ought to be away from this place/ It is'not right for you to stay.here. The risk is'too great.'* I shall not go away just at present,' I replied, quietly. ' The doctor thinks that I am :■ better ;where I; am, i and T havo -written to my.physiciariin lomlon, Sir Eergus. Tiffany, who. confirms his opinion.-': I: am, taking -■ great care .of myself. _ I carry a perfect phnraiacopaaa of drugs and preventatives here,' .touch ing the bosom of -my-dress, .'and-I am taking quinine and all sorts of strength ening, medicines .and tonics. I don't •think you, need worry about me;-Prin cess, ■£■■ don't .indeed ;. and " while . I can make such a difference • to. Princess. Elisabeth .1 . would v rather, stay where I' am than-. go - out: into the . world among; strangers again. You forget,' I went on, \I am. not like .someone who has, ahome .to go.to; my.horao is tliousands and thousands of .miles away. If I went hack to it, I sliouldbe /alone just the same. ■ I could not go to join 'my husband. Ho woman could get to the' Blioznr. district where he is, and if she/could: get: there she would not be permitted to. do so,. as affairs: are. at pre sent, . so that I am better here than I should be anywhere else. Don't trouble, yourself about me; I am/happier hero,: and.thereforeI.think that I. am safer.' ■ Ah 1' she said, witli 'a sigh, ' I would, tliat I could'.take you both away I hack to our home iu Styria.: It ,is bleak I tliero in- tho Winter—that was why we loft it—but we havc.no fever.', , • I thought as :thi*Words: fell-from her lips 'that,; if/they-'did- not' have fever j they had- other things quito;.as deadly, but it was of no .use saying it, so I held my peace. - i •• ' It it woiild he any service to you to, go there now, to toko your ayah, and iuako ■ it your homo,', 'sho ■ said, eagerly, ' iudeed, my -dear Mrs.- Harnlyn, the Castlo is absolutely at your disposal. Onlv 'you would ho alone,.for..my., son lias been away for many months now upon a long hunting expedition——trul), I hardly know where. <; Ho ; knows nothing so -far of the ^trouble -we are in,' I mean of the grave danger that besets; his sister. Of coursp, ho knew that.wc wore to spend the. winter in llorcstclla, that was arranged nt,, tho,sainc tune as | his long journey.-was.planncd out.' I thanked her very gratefully for her kind tlionght, hut said that I .preferred to -stay in* Florcstellu- rathcivthan face the loneliness of a place where. X should know nobody, and could not even speak the language of the,people about me. ' . So .1 remained on in Plorestclla, spending tlie greater part of my day ain helping; to put,the time on—the time rthat was so weary and so distressing for the.dying young princess. 'e ■: : . I-heard twiee.-from Eddy -whilst I was thus-occupied, >hoth letters written in ign.orance;:of,-oiir:: little-'child's' death; bothvery-; full of tliOieveryday;evcnts: uiound-him",-speaking of the difficulty of ' making war , against , these^ guerilla-like hardy, tribes, .why had incomparably the advantage over the ^British and even the native troops, inasmuch as tliey were at home in the district."-Pothletters spoke of.the extreme privation'that they were undergoing,;.and. of the pnor,arrange ments which the authorities liad made for, their safety- and their' well- being. ' If it ..wore not for our doctors,'; Eddy wrote. in. his //second letter, ' I really do not know, how''the. poor- devils of invalids would come off; - Their dovotion is beyond all praise, and. their pluck something astounding.. What' do- you think of: Stewart—the gay lady-killer, who was always loafing around hluttra habad,-a/regular squire of-- darned— making beef-tee and mutton broth - with his own hands for his patients. ? -And yet I seorhim do it day after day. I never thought-Stewart had it in lam. - He is a regular brick,- and no mistake about it.' . The-letter wont on to tell how rejoiced he. was to think.. that j we, - his . two precious invulids, • were -actually -in Europe/ safe :and, well; and .recovered from all immediate danger.-; - 'When I remomher,' she . ended, ; 'how ■ resolute you were-in refusing to go : away, and how wonderfully, it all came about-that you should' go in spite of yourself— for. yon .know, - dearest, I - could never have forced yon .-to do any thing : against - your '.will—I:, can - only think-that- a • merciful-Providence' In tervened, to help us, both at that-junc- l ture..,- Tou; don't" know.how pften . I | have; thought of- your resolute.: deter mination: : not to -leave':me;;you; .will never undcrstand how intensely I loved you for being unwilling: to do so, and I don't think you .will: ever realise bow utterly grateful I am to think " that you were made to - -go1 in-:- spite of - yourself. I feel that'the same. Providence: which has.watched - over you and brought you and the dear child to ..-renewed health and safety, will watch over the fate of your always - loving and - devoted:: hus band;-at the "same time, I . do nothing foolhardy,71 take care of myself, I rnn no unnecessary risks—only co wards do that: - Every time that I safeguard my self I say in my own heart- " It is-for Dorerny". Eoremy loves me. -Dorcmy would miss me. v I must watch over myself forher sake." \- Somehow that letter comforted me more than any-lettcr-that .1 --had /re ceived from Eddy since our parting. -It seemed to bring - him nearer -to- .me. True; he did not know as yet that we were childless, hut I was; comforted to know that he was always thinking about lis, as T was always thinking about him. Princess Elisabeth put the same question to me . every: (lay; ' Have : yon i news of your husband And. when I i told her ! had received that last letter of his, that I had j nst heard from him; that he was well, in "good health, and taking care 'of himself,.'her' sweet;.face was radiated by a smile which told, me as nothing olsc -would have done that I had indeed won my: way. deep, into her heart. Poor thing! she was so ill that day—oh, so ill—so full of fever, and yet so thoroughly exhausted. Afy heart ached for hei liioic than ever. ■ As the season "advanced the severity of the prevalent -epideinie slowly,. and surely increased;- Those who .were able, to leave had flown from the district, hut ! those who weie unable to face a long | journey,, or unable to leave - from, other l reasons," found' themselves .caged . like I rats in a trap. ■ - Elorestelln, was not the worst of tho fever-stricken towns in the | infected district, hut it.was more tban bad enough. . Every day familiar faces I disappeared. - - Sisters ..of ..Hcrcy. .went trudging- to and fro .throughout, the i town, and wo who ."were, both in fair;" health • were conscious,, with-, out knowing the.actual facts,that. an. unusual ' distnrbanco: . was., - abroad. Strange and " disquieting • rumours came to us hourly of thoso who had slipped away to other-und less dangerous places, who had been refused admittance, lest tlioy should carry the fever in their train ; others who had fled elsewhere for .-safety liad found themselves liter- ' ally out of the fryingpan into the fire, I had found themselves from a town with i a comparatively clean bill of health in one which was a. seething - mass of in- 1 sidious corruption and disease. ■■ • vilest to-stay,where , you arc,' was : the fiat.of the doctor; when ;I: ashed him i as ,to the -trathrof these rumours;- 'I- ; give you the same- advice to-dav-that l : gave you when you askcd.iuc nbout the : poor little child.: She had; a ghost:of a chance,here—not a great one, hut still ' a chance—taken away she" would have 1 had none. I say- the same to you now. 1 Take the - tonics that I give you and s the -. precautious. that a I recommend to 1 you, and you may be tolerably safe; i make au-effort to escape, and you will 1 almost certainly .be caught as you fly/ Hut I.had not the smallest intention of Hying. I felt that his advice was sound and, good, and as long as-Princess Elisabcth wished for me, just us long would I. remain, within reach of her. ' I would like,' :. I said :to him. ' just one thing. :-- .'.And that is, Mrs. Hamlyn—— ? 1 1.! would have-liked- to have got my poor ayah back to India, but I suppose that . is out-of the question..-. I could not -arrange... for. ■ such a journey here,! and,<at this; time. I. suppose I-shall have to keep her until I am well enough to go back myself.' You will not go back to .India 'at present ? 'Hot if my husband s has any chance of - coming.- over; ;■ but, .failing > that, 1 shall certainly; govback- before:the hot ! weather.sets in, that would be in May or April,- possibly.:.• ;I -could; not. stay over 1 here indefinitely, if I were well enough to , make' tho journey hack again. I j suppose there is no help for me but-to keep ayah .where. she is. - After all, tliis1 climate is not like the English one for her, and shekas little-or nothing to do in attending,to me. ; Still, : I wonld have sent her back if it hail been: fairly, easy to arrange- • For myself,' I-shall " remain here as long as Princess Elisa beth has any need of mc. She likes mc to go and see her, and she: is wearing away so fast. She cannot keep me very long.' 1\. ' Hot more .than.-.a few days,t the doctor replied gravely. ' I do not say it to til cm, although her. poor mother knows what my. every - look ■ meansr? hut a few days - will seo the Princess Elisabeth Parzadicv- over her;earthly troubles.'. . - - •' ■ . • , ' Oh, no, Mrs. Hamlyn,' she replied, 'I have had no news from India; J should not keep it a moment if I had, even if it was the very worst that could happen. - I am uneasy and nervous—rit is no - use ;■ pretending "otherwise -since you have, observed it. They tell me that ' the epidemic—fever—whatever , it is—-is very ; much worse, and " that Florestella itself is getting more unsafe with every hour ; that poor, 'young Princess Elizabeth is very-ill; -.they don't think that she.-will, leave this place alive, and one of her English nurses died yesterday.; • 'What!'I exclaimed. ■ - Yes. It lias been hushed up, they don't want tho people to know; hut she died of the: fever. It- is like a plague; I have never seen anything like it in all- my experience... It ; seems to steal upon "people unobserved, to sap their strength, and;then theyvare gone like, a snap of'the fingers. I cannot make it out. I-liave never seen" anything like it.- The only thing to do with baby is to keep her in thohotel anil the gardens. Bon't let wyah set foot outside the gates. We know that tho hotel drain age is better than the drainage in the village — at least, it is likely to be better in the usual course of tilings, and wc must watch the child anil you day and uigbt. . After all,! she added, f it is a great thing that she is keeping as. well as she seems to be.' : _ : ' What are the people-in the hotel saying?' I asked. - : Oil, the landlord is pitiable about it, quite abject.'. I met him this morning, and P spoke-to bim of-the dreadful state of affairs all round, and, poor soul, the tears came into liis eyes, anil bo said it was a. judgment, upon Florestella, but lie could not tell what Florestella liad done. These, southern people are so superstitious,' she ■ ended, with a: half contemptuous smile. 'Put alas,"; alas! -With alls our care, with all our. precautions, our hopes,. our watcliings, we did not succeed in keep ing the dread enemy at - bay.. Another [reek went by, a week in which my ittlo Frances seemed to pale and blanch " tnd dwindle like , a plant-that is denied s light end -water. ; Then there was a few hours' increase1 of- fever,"..andvwe three, so widely different—nurse, ayah, and.I—but all alike in our love-and our . uixiety, stood gazing down upon a littlo form from which the spark: of- life - had Scd.for ever. vy.It'was all .over—I had' ao.child now.; I.had.dono niy best; I had. struggled through -the bad; time, • more for Jiddy's sake and for the child's ; chan for myown,. and this was the end if it. I was a childless.mother, broken, sick, -iand .practically mlone "upon a foreign.:-shore, with -a .husband , who hourly, carried his life .'in his hand,' and • that upon the" other side of the world: ind j was not yet twenty, years old. .... 