Chi^anoSplinters There «re *0.000 more men than.womcn In New Zealand. ''Tbowl of watnr should always be kept in front of the gas stove, so as to com £mto by its c?al»mtion for the drying effect on the atmosphere. Tho .Tftoaneee nolioemftn is said to D» above corruption, and is recruited, irom the lamaurKi, the feudal class of past hmb Then they have not Rot a'iaa manian liooBaing net in Japan. n«r of tbe most useful inventions to housewives I Jubillo Soap. A Od, bar of this eoap outlives all otliers. Acetylene, the now illuminating gas can be prepare* by dropping a piece of carbide of ^!cium into water, which then decomposes, producing hy dro-oarbou gas. The first celebration of Arbor Day at Campbell Town took pVxcs on Wednes day tost. A life of Sir Hanry ParkeB by Mr. Chas. Lyne is shortly to be published; At a'fonlball match between North and South Bendiso a few days ago some severe pluming took place. Conn, the captain of the South, completely floored a member of the North, who was re moved from the ground senseless. lb« crowd then rushed the ground and th- police had to interfere. Heighho! Ksairi gum is having a big Bale u London just now. The divers at the wreck of the s.« Catterthun have succeeded in socurin) the log, two compasses, ond a reel They find it wiU be necessary to blo\ open the strong room. If yon wont a plate of Bonp, any hour - the day, po to the City Luncheon Eoomo, fc EUzabotb-etreet. \\. compositors' strike over a littl matter of wageB has taken place i Perth, W.A Vi=count Hampden is an anti-Hon: Euler. In his soldiering days he was smart, energetic officer. He was in th Coldstream guards. Hifi income » aboi ^1600. Mr ^V. E. Penucfathor has been a; liointed -o the charge of the eleoti light worts at Duck Beach, and the a pointment has given much satisfacbo Mr Pencefather is not only versed electrical science, but is exceeding I popular. Very heavy rainfall in the Korth. - Monday last the trains could get no fi ther than St. Leonards, and at Hobble Bridge a wood cart with a dead hoi was discovered floating down with, t flood waters. I Young ladies are to replace the mi sex in the telephone switchboard roc Sydney. I A horse holted r.t Fitzroy on Mono There's nothing much in that ; but knocked down four parsons, and kil one of them. The others are in the I pitai. A big intercolonial band contest is bo iiuld in Sydney in JNovember. '. Joes are going from Launceston. The Gibsons took most of the p cipal prizes at the recent sheep ehoti Byuney. Westralian sharebroking ic mos being done in Adelaide. Smelbourn jealous ; but can't help herself as in old-time boom succles I.O.U.'sJ ai deal easier written than cheques. Mr. and Mrs. Billyard-Leake have ; seated three valuable -water colon the /iotoria Museum, and Art Gall Launceston. The Bank of 3d gland contains si ingots which have lain in its vaults 8 1G9S. At the Transrale gold-fields whu brings JEB 10s. a bottle. A eiuplc trial of Jnbilee Soap will bo convincing than anything we can pos eay' It is well known among oculie 1 perts that the opera-glasses -.vbich be hired inmost theatres frequeatlj come the medium for spreading serious oyo dipea^s. The Japanese, in order to cole r'lieir victories over the Chinese erect a statue of Buddha 120ft in hi The metal will be supplied frotr guns captured during the war. The cycling tchoois of London lately become eo crowded that prices of lessons hfive increased, tirm raised its charges to 7s. pel ho one guinea a course, owing to the ' of nunilb. Lord Wolseley is groatly in fai raising a regiment', to bo entirely posed of the candidates who failed examinations for Sandhurst and vdch. On Monday Jim Stanbury, wh diowned, will meet. Wag Harding i Thames and row for the champii rf tho world. Wfl pay our respc ?liin and tell him we are going t Ilia corustalker. If you Wiint n. rooJ iliuupr, tea, or fast, go to City Jjuuclitoi) ltoome, 85 ] i llio -!cad hoJy of ii woman was \ on the Garibaldi Tin Mine, Dei i M ond:-. .via.-*.. K.uil jjliiy is nus]ivti Mr. Uniuhurl, M.H.A., complaii \\\p. b,»d to enndust a law caso orol ally in a. biliiaru room at Quee) Aiut it shocking ! Law and Bil Twig -t L:i'iy Kligh, n, uamlRomo On.ufv j thu arisitrwatic iiari of Darn! ; di owned iierFoif becauEe she love ', wisely, but loo weil.' Of course 1 I diet wiis temporary insanity. A diBtiaijuished body of Boi coui-i-'Cied with a ciack ariillei hive struck London plump centr hive lieau u-ost cordially recnivei Queen. A Einglo bar of Jaijjloe Soap will rork than two of any otuer brand. The Son, James Qtbspn'fl etud.merino N.S.'^ PrisWeW drought 1600 gulnMB at the 1 miner. ite at the Sydney BhBepesies. I fonJ Ho was purohwiea by *wo well- known \ AQW Norftem breeder*, Mewrs. OhM. Orubb gj»g and B.L. Cawrenoe, wto ^oompletely aw loW« taooked the Sydney *uyws out. ^f' Taken aU round the T*»maniau sheep J J™8 * brougW remarkaWy good prices. STaS M4l- W poor fellow had done a] so well* 3 in the willows for hours. »*M Bussn when almost exhaustei tried to swim Chows. aBhore, and in doing so was swept away finanoial by the flood waters. Aere. A very heavy and welcome rain is re- ?«»? ported to have fallen at Ooolgardie. A wa ^The City of Melbourne Bank in liqui- damage: dation. hai declared Ite first dividend of Diver ^.6dintheJB. ' '*«*£ The Australian Eleven are quite nbl« to cent so hold their own against »U tsomer.. O.K. Whal Soap and Candles are not behind hand -n 1 inK of I this respeot either. J skins i The revenue reosipts for West Aus- j season? tralia for 1895-88 show an inoreasa of Char over «700,000 compared with the years 1 tative i ^Intercolonial amenities: A. Winfield bo also i crossed 250 sheop over the Murray at Mrl Echucft, and didn't pay the stock duty, drown* i It wwTnot a very criminal action if he dead y i had succeeded in not being caught. Suo- 1 The - I cess did net succeed, and Alfreo was Molbot ? I fined £600 by tb-e Commissioner of Cus- 1 court u \- toms. He is now a warm advocate for don't li i Federation. L,A,.J An election row waxed slightly warm Tradin I 1 at Panmure, near Warrnambool, so in- a capit tteSTpouring oil on the teonbted po- oE com , liboal surge a constable fired four re- The r 'over shots over {the heads of the dis- favore I putants. It sufflcd i but supposing tne well t r shoU had taken effect where would the but it constable be now P Hea ,f A Queenslander named J. Gredden island IB recently clearei 5ft. 7in. in a high jump. Tho The Tasmanian Snooze is commencing inRg™ ? to fake up 'Home Eule for Ireland \matte * again. Elections are coming along . Jvb The Shah of Persia was murdered in Mttkel 16 order to emphasise the miBory of tis M0W_ 'people, caused by the scarcity oE pro- Ch( « visions and the great increase of copper ^^ A I coinage. The former evil wa« accelerated Qne Q, by the illugal ciportation of coin imo p- Russia. ^rth i0 2W«AT ' admirably adapted to the wanfa pk P- ^aU nouseboldsP Why, a 6d. bar of ^^ n. JInrray's Jubilee Soap. jor a, I' Christian England has recently pro- Th ly duced a mother at HsBtingt, who having N z insured herjnfanl's Ufe at a penny per fmt -n week, and desiring a spree, «o cruelly lr' illused it that the little misery died. The «. I' sum of £2 15s. was due at ite death. Ben- «« ?se tence, sis months hard labor. « be Glasgow barmaids and restaurant girls '« arm thlmselves with whistles in order to ^ lie protect themselves against the two assidn m, 1 ous attentions of half-tipsy followers. ' Auckland (K.Z.) turns off the gas lamps ' ay. at midnight. h he A lady writer in an exchange has fe.t led impelled to say : ?' One thing surprises ios- me in a lo« comedian who dresses up n« ? a woman— lie always omits to pad hittiscif r ' to wheie his bloomers ought to widen out. ii Phe I H taUeF a womin to notice these over- j ^ sights. T rin- 1 ' A used key is always bright.' So rnn« , in the old adage. We coin a now nhrue and «° I etftte ' O.K. Candles aro always bright. Iry 1 ,, I cm and eee. I eklj ? 1 The Womea's Political Ass. of Christ- end li!8 1 church have unanimonily declared in 6 1 favor of raising the age ot consent to 21. pee 6 a Jumpin' Jchosiphat, arc the screamiug ] sisterhood of sufficiently matured years an( pre- I determined to secure a monopoly o£ all the tin 5 to I luxuries I I W 0Tf' I The ghost, scare has discovered a police- I ] man plucky enough to— tackle a billv- cal !*« goat. No flies about that lot— ho deserves du ince I his stripes. 1 i Maoriland has hauled in £3,400 by the po ikoy commercial drnminciV tax, besides checu- soi ing the nuisance of the hawker of brumma- 1 oj more gem jewellery. ™ »iblJr I A bill demanding the payment of 3s. 1 I has chased a man round the globe, or t ex- j nearly 40,000 miles , and was then returned I * may I to the creditor marked refused. j m ' bo' The deceased diver Peart performed his j ^ very daring feat before the public over 4000 C; times. . I brate Jubilee Soap gives a creamy lather and is A ? wil1 tplendid for washing laces, or in fact, any jight. I delicate fabrics. I n 1 the Parson Turnbull told his small audience r of Saturday afternoon that they were oil c have I to be as wise as serpents, but as harmless I t| . tho as doves. He also told them that he One would be Premier some day, although ur, or Minister o£ Lands and Works would suit » rush him bettor, as he had always taken an interest in the unemployed. Whack 1 y 7OT of Queensland ticking still. I t com- 1 rpne rivulet mouth still a bono of con- j t at the tention. And likely to remain a very i Wool- (ju-ty bone. I The Eosehill branch railway to be - 0 was I bought by tho Sydney Government. I « on the Expected that next season will be the ] onship bost f01. farmeiB seen for years. ' n back Cholera amongst the British troops r.t Wady Haifa. break- Yannaay lcndc Eussia gold to set up a, Elie-st. gold cuvroncy. foun 1 Indiil to r*'7 the cost of the Sua ,^_ on contingent for fix mouths, tad ll'you waut. a prnod supper go to City , , LaucUoon Booms, SB Kli/.aboth -atreet. fession- The Turk is sending soldiers towards isiown. the Greek frontier, llinrds! On everj' li'md in Europe are peHy states preptiriiij; for war. ?liter of The new Qw and liis misKus made a ey, hap. state entr;» iu'o .St. Petersburg, ar.i id' not wore not houibed. One. would thu ii the ver- after the Moscow .-iff iir they were tirea | j of display. stonians Two wlmlts worth a thousand each ?y corps t;ikea at Eden. Soniiii Uing liko tishm , e. Tiiey that. 1 by the lF yan w-^h t(, rn.v0 money, time, and I lihor piirch»6G and use-mly Jubilee Soap, do more 1 Keet volue in Hobart. Sold ovi-rywuere ut I6i3. per bar. ' ,dinandtheb*U«oingoniEiBl iay something. I uftttw Inquiry Board finds that J « po ^worthy ves.ds out. I momino! . , 1 iotorian Eailw»ys were mapagei i iat they^n half a million^. 1 a, is working her way with the Trying to oontrol the Chtoese 1 I buslnws and setup a bank Ever working southward to *ne lermainin Auckland tmnt »- I d a pub to the extent of *500. ?a eetting on the gold in the Jatterthun. It will cost cent per 'are the police of Bothwell think- j toallow lovers to carry opposum lown the Shannon road out oi lie Eadt, onr Tosmanian ropresen n the Australian Eleven, ii ''king name for him.elf. Needless to ndf, is O.K. Soap. . md Mi«n W. T. Dyson wtre neatly d at Bt. Leonards. They, are not iirectors and auditors of the City of ,rne Bank to come before the police pon some serious charges, lncy | -t them slide there. _ ; lanchcster Merchunt Steamship K Corporation has been formed with al of £1,400,000. More enlargement metce for the world, other side of the Derwcnt to be d with our noxious trade*. It is m hat easterly winds do not prevail, would be all the same it they did. vy fall of snow throughout the Central Board of Health endeavor vain to awake the City Council to tc of some activity in sanitary I rs. I ilee Soap never injures the clothes, i them sweet and pura and as white ac irles Kite, the pioneer of the Ann n wine trade, is dead. He opened E the largest indu&tries; In the world. I prus being favored with chocks of quakes. nty of openings for fighting men in i Africa. One pound a day and food ;tive service. e Banking Inquiring Committee of proceeding are to be open to the . Some rum things expected, snty of rain at Kalgoorlie, W.A. All ams and lakes are full. ,e leading Jews of England are neeK to control the Government of Pales- ] There are some who would send j i all homi; there and wall thi;m in. ml Kruger means business. 00,000 s from Viiterlnnd to go his way. be Vic. Government have an eye to ?efficiency of hospital nurses. They Id limit the timea of duty U- eight rs. No overworked nurse c;in attend »erly or patiently to sufferers. be universal verdict is that Murray's ilee Soap is second to none for quality cheapness. hey have set up a pasteboard govem lt at Cret! and joined the Greeks. ! he Vic M trine Board has got on to the jpers of the fiirksgate and Eockton for angering their vessels. ir Hercules Eobinson to be made a r. Jelegates from Victoria. N. S. Wales' I South Australia attend a conference of iber dealers at Wellington shortly, lete is Tasmania ? Mr. J. O. Von Steiglitz avers thai; if tie are dipped in oil it wi'.l assist in ra cing the ticks. Main-stree', Zcehao, in in a disgraceful 1 sition. Dnys get bogged and uuset on I nc parts that have not. long besn passed j the engineer. Tet the contract that J is most faithfully carried out (No. 10) I d whore honest work was done, won't Si the engineer, and the contractor* t wait for settlement. MoDivSTT prevents us from saying too | uch in favor of ont own manufactures. ] e only ask you to try O.K. Soap and indie*. London press favore federation of uatralian trade. Who doesn't ? The residents of tho North Wast Coast, j iay shortly expect a real trcit when larcy Stanii W and his clever wife Eva 1 llemcnls visit the various towne with I aeir up-to-dute comedy co. I The WeEt Coasters are commencing to I ppreciate tho ability and the many ervices rendered at all times by theii nember, Mr. D. C. Urquhart, who is tho oughly alive to tho many requirements of he district. When Donald a^ain 6eelt6 I heir confidence he will be triumphantly ?eturned. An aged ram shown by Mr. John Taylor if the Midlands, at a recent Sydney sheep show gained first prize in his cIhse, cham pion in the uttong wool class, anil grand champion of the yard. Geake, the absconding D«yleford solicitor, has becu traced to Houte Video. He wrs put away by a 'friend,' who wanted to enuvol the £100 reward. At all wholesale and retail houses Murray'B Jubilee Soap can bo obtained. 