THE PUBLIC FINANCES. The leader of the Opposition; Mr. Lyne, put his finger 'decisively tipon the weak spot' of the Heid financial administration. ,Tfie Premier had with reckless brav.ado laid himself open to the touch, which sent, an anguished thrill through every free-trade member arid organ. Wiheirifr. under the uuuswu oi uxr. in. iu ill an h exposure of the. injuries inflicted by him upon the community, -he had sought to re move the ill impression created by flourishing in the face of the public an alleged prosperous condition of the finances for the year. In this desperate attempt he had, as so frequently hap pens in such cases, outrun ail 'dis cretion. , He vaunted his conviction that he would be able to produce, a surplus; even although £40,000 per iribnth bf revenue formerly provided by tlie tariff had been surrendered, aud even' although the Treasury were not to receive, any land tax at nil, and were to, throw eighteen months' dues of iricdme tax into next financial, year. The obvious question instantly presents itself : If the Treasury can bring out a surplus without any land tax this year; and With only half 'the estimated proceeds frotn in come tax, what necessity can there be for land taxation in any year, or for more - than half the income'tax actually imposed upon the people ? There is positively no escape without loss of reputation from this dilemma, which the Premier created for his own humiliation. Either, lie has imposed Unnecessary, and conse quently excessive taxation on the community, or he is juggling With figures, and deliberately trying to .deoeive. Mr; Lyne laid bare the trick with' just a few decisive demonstrations. Like most other of such - ingenious sleights, Mr. Reid's juggle is quite simple and obvious— once you know how it is done. A Treasurer has only to pretend that he is figuring on a spot cash basis, while he is really manoeuvring on a system of debits, and he might bring out a surplus for any year, even though ho had. not received enough reVeuue during that year to paint the poStal-boxes in the street. It will be remembered that on several oocasions Mr. M'Millan, when Treasurer, emphatically announced his preference for simplifying the public accounts by setting forth the cash received in each finanoial year against tho cash disbursed, without troubling about when tho money was voted or for the service of which year, or, ou the other hand, for what year's service money re ceived was destined. Tiio State waB to keep its accounts on- a cash basis. Characteristically enough Air. M'MilIiAN never brought tho plan so strongly favoured by him into practice. Mr. Reid, however, on assuming office and taking charge of the Treasury, not only adopted Mr. M'Millan's viows and gave them enthusiastio endorsement, but undertook to carry them into effect, and started his career as a financier on that basis, The deficits up to the end of June, 1805, were ex tinguished, or rather shuffled aside, by Treasury bills. Aitsr that all trans actions, wore to bo shown in the year's accounts. Cash expended during the year, so much; oash recei'/ed during the year, so muoh ; difference, to credit or to debit as might happen, so muoh. Such was the system to which Mr, IIeid, ns Premier and Treasuror, committed '-'himself.- He took his own reward in advance, in praise for the wholesome rovolution ho had the courngo to make in the mischievously confusing system pre viously practised. That system had' served the purposes bf Treasurers who sought ,to conceal the actual state of the finances from the people. All was now to bo frank, cleat and above- board, ! The operations of the year Were to' be so placed before the public that any ordinary citizeli could under stand. at a . glance how things 'were ..going. But Mr. Lyne has ex- poSed the - damning fact that - the result of the free- trade regime upon the country, has been so injurious that Mr.' Reid 'has hot dared to let. the plain figures appear. He has felc com pelled; ih\pity for himself, in mercy for the; cause, to abandon . the spot cash - motiiod "lie took so much kudos - for originating. To use Mr. . .Lyne's words, "They were goihg back -to the old state of affairs." ;0ver--,£82O,OOO, spent during, this financial year are. to be coolly omitted from the accounts of tho year. That- suni-. is to be, in the bad old way, charged back against the ser vices of 1895 . and previous years. Thus ,on ' actual cash deficit not far short of a million sterling on the operations of. the present financial' year -is tobe;juggled.away by a mere 'bqbk-.entry on a System 'emphatically condemned by Mr. Reid himself. But he'r ihonoy. . lias been spent,, and the deficit is; substantial, not a finan cial ghost capable of boing( ex orcised.' by - waving a pen in' the -air. There is no getting. over thafci-'. 'Mri RIsid in his first year of free-trade financing has involved the qpuntlrjy, 4n a ..cash deficit of a little Short of a million sterling, and the 'people )vill have ||to find tho money. ;-Mr. Lonsdale may prove the more 'genuine '-free-trade financier after all, and his.y3d in (the £ land tax may be iihe true, touchstone of free-trade fiiianoo. . >. . 