[?] gfiQ5t SCOr-pk A "MT>_ss=ss| ' If £1 f2|f\ Ttk» WEEKLYTiMs,mmz?3m A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHEROM. " - By MBS MAY AGNS|.EMIN G- Author of "A Woman's geuad," A Won derf o£ Woman," "faed, Yet No Wife, &o..; <5; " ' .. vy'-- '' .-, V-'V ' v CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) 1 They reach Glengariff as the twilight j shadows fall — lovely Glengariff, where I they are to dine and pass the night. At dinner, by some lucky chance, Ed ith i3 beside him, and Captain Ham- mond falls into the clutches of Trix. And Miss Darrell turns her graceful shoulders deliberately upon Charley, and bestows her smiles and glances and absolute attentions upon his rival. After dinner they go for a sail by moonlight to an island where there are the remains of a martello tower. The elders, for whom "moonlight on the lake" long ago lost its witchery, and falling dews and night air retain their terrors, slay at home and rest. Edith and Sir Victor, Trix a.nd the Honorable Angus Hammond, saunter down arm- in- arm to the boat Charley and the two Irish boatmen bring up the rear, Mr Stuart smoking a consolatory cigar. They all " pile in" together, and fill the little boat. The baronet follows up his luck, and keeps close to Edith. How beautiful she is with the soft silver light on her face! He sits and watches her, and thinks of Tennyson's lines": A man had given all other bliss | 'And all his worldly worth for this— To waste his whole heart in one kiss | XJpon her perfect lips. "Am I too late ?" he thought. "Does she love her cousin ? Is it as his sister hints, or" His jealous, anxious eyes never left ber. She saw it all. If she had ever .doubted her power over him she did not doubt to-night. She smiled, and never once looked towards Charley. "No," he thought, with a sigh of re lief, "she doesn't care for him in that way, let Miss Stuart say what she plea ses. She likes him In a sisterly way, no thing more. I will wait until we reach England, and speak then; she, and she alone, shall be my wife." CHAPTER XX.— IN TWO BOATS. Early next morning our tourists re mounted the car and jogged slowly over that lovely stretch of country which lies between Glengariff and Killarney. Their places were aa on the day be fore — Sir Victor in possession of Trix, Charley with Edith— but the oaronet'd gloom was gone, hope iilied bis heart. She did not love her cousin— of that he had convinced himself— and one day he might call her wife. Sir Victor . Catheron was that rara av is — a modest young man. That this Am erican girl, penniless and pedlgreeless, was beneath him he never thought— of his own rank and wealth as motives to influence her he never once dreamed. Nothing base or mercenary could find a place in so fair a creature; so noble otwi beautiful a face must surely be em blematic of a still more noble and beau tiful souL Alas ! for the blindness of people in love. It was a day of delight — a day of cloudless skies, sparkling sunshine, fresh mountain breezes, sublime scen ery. Wild black valleys, frowning Kerry keeps, roaring torrents, barefoot ed, ragged children, pigs and people be neath the same thatched roof — such squalor and utter poverty as in their dreams they had never imagined. "Good Heaven!" Edith said, with a shudder, "how can life be worth living in such horrible poverty as this ?" "The bugbear of your life seems to be poverty, Edith," Charley answered. "I daresay these people eat and sleep, fall in love, marry, and are happy even here." "My dear Mr Stuart what a sentimen tal speech, and sillier even than it is sentimental. Marry and are happy ! They marry, no doubt, and the pig lives in the corner, and every cabin swarms Hvith children— but happy! Charley, I ICsBUnrubUcatjon EfcbEUUY 1. used to think you had one or two grains of common sense-'-al-ieast — now, I begin to doubt it." "I begin to doubt it myself since I have had the pleasure of knowing Edith Darrell. I defy mortal man to keep common sense, or uncommon sense, long in her company. Poverty and misery, in your lexicon, mean the same thing-." "The same thing — there is no earthly evil that can equal poverty." They reached Killarney late in the evening, and drove to the Victoria. The perfect weather still continued, the moon that had lit their last night at sea,, on the wane now, lifted its silvery light over the matchless -lakes of Killarney lying like sheets of crystal llght3 be neath. "Oh, liow lovely!" Trix exclaimed. The rest stood silent. There is a beauty so intense as to be beyond words of praise — so sweet, so solemn, as to hush the very beatings of our hearts. It was such beauty as they looked upon now. They stood on the velvety sward — Sir Victor, with Trixy on his arm, Charley and Edith side by side. A glorious mass of soft scarlet drapery wrapped Miss Darrell, a coquettish hat, with a long black ostrich plume, set off her Spanish face and eyes. They had dined; and when is moon light half so poetical as after an ex cellent dinner? "I see two or three boats," remarked Sir Victor. "I propose a row on the lakes." "Of all things," seconded Beatrix. "A sail on the lakes of Killarney! Edith, do you realise it7 Let us go at once, Sir Victor." " Will you come with me, Edith ? " Charley asked; "or would you rather go with them ? " She looked at him In surprise. How grave his face, how quiet his tone! He had been like this all day— silent, pre occupied, grave. "My very dear Charley, how polite we grow— how considerate of others' feel ings! Quite a new phase of your Interesting character. I'll go with you, certainly. Mr Charles Stuart In a state of lamblike meekness is a study worth contemplating." He smiled slightly, and drew her hand within his arm. "Come, then," he said, "let us have this last evening together. Who knows when we shall have another?" Miss Darrell's brown eyes opened to their widest extent. " 'This last evening! Who knows when we shall have another!' Charley, If you're meditating flight or suicide, say so at once— anything is better than sus- pense.I once saw a picture of the Knight of the Woeful Countenance. The woe ful knight looked exactly as you look now. If you're thinking of strychnine say so — no one shall oppose you. My only regret Is that I shall have to wear black, and hideous is a mild word to describe Edith Darrell in black." "Hideous!" Charley repeated. "You! I wonder if you could possibly look ugly in anything? I wonder if you know how pretty you are to-night in that charming hat and that scarlet dra pery?" "Certainly I know, and charming I undoubtedly must look to wring a word of praise from you. It's the first time in all your life, sir, you ever paid me a compliment. Hitherto you have done nothing but find fault with my looks and everything else." "There is a time for everything," he answers, a little sadly. Sadly— and Charley Stuart! "The time for ail that is past. Here is our boat! You will steer, Edith?" "Yes." Li ' . :.f. "Then I'll row." The baronet and Trix were already several yards off, out upon the shining water. Another party — a large boat ; containing half a dozen, Captain Ham- i mond among them — was farther off still. ! In this boat sat a girl with a guitar. Her sweet voice, as she sang, came ro mantically over the lake, and the moun- I tain echoes, taking it up, sang the re- frain enchantingly over and over again. Edith lifted up her face to the starry sky, the moonlight bathing it in a glory. "Oh, what a night!" she sighed. "What a bright, beautiful world it is, and how perfectly happy one could be if " " One had thirty thousand a year," Charley suggested. "Yes, exactly. Why can't life be all like this — moonlight, capital dinners, lots of friends and new dresses, a nice boat, and— yes, I will say it— somebody one likes very much for one's compa nion?" "Somebody one likes very much, Editli! I wonder sometimes if you like me at all— if it is in you to like anyone buf yourself?" "Thanks! I like myself, certainly, and the fixst best I will admit. After that — "After that?" he repeats. "I'like you. Now keep quiet, Charley, please— you'll upset the boat. Of course I like you. Aren't you my cousin? Haven't you been awfully kind? Don't I owe all this to you? Charley, I bless that night in the enow; it has been the luckiest of my life." "And the unluckiest of mine." "Sir!" "Oh, Edith, let us speak for once— let us understand one another, ar.d then part for ever if we must. Only, why need we part at all?" She turns pale, she averts her face from him, and looks out over the ra diant winter. Sooner or later she lias known this must come; it has come to night. "Why need we part at all?" He is leaning on his oars, and they are float ing lightly with the breeze. "I don't need to tell you how I love you— you know It well enough — and I think, I hope you care for me. Be true to your self, Edith. You belong to me. Come to me — be my wife." There Is passion In his tone, In his eyes; but his voice Is quiet, ar.d he sits with the oars in his hands. Even In this supreme moment of his life, Mr Stuart is true to his "principles," and will make no scene. "You know I love you," he repeats. "As the man in the Cork Theatre said the other night, 'I'll go down on my knees if you like, but I can love you Just as well standing up.' Edith, speak to me! How can you ever marry any one but me — but me, whose life you saved? My darling, fox-get your cynicism — it is but lip deep — you don't really mean it, and say you will be my wife." "Your wife!" She laughs, but lxer heart thrills as she says it. "Your wife! It woxxld be pleasant, Charley; but, like most of the pleasant things of life, it can never be." "Edith !" "Charley, all this is nonsense, and you know it. We are cousins, we are good friends and staunch comrades, and always will be, I hope; but lovers — xxo, no, no!" "And why?" he asks, "Have I not told you already— told you over and over again? If you don't despise me, and think me heartless and base, the fault has not been my want of candour. My cynicisms I mean, evex-y word. If you had your father's wealth, the fortune he means to leave, I would marry you to-morrow, and be" — her lips tremble a little — "the happiest girl on earth." "You don't care for me at all, then?" he calmly asks. "Care for you! Oh, Charley, can't you see? I'm not all selflsh. I care for you so much that I would sooner die than marry you. For you, a marriage with me means ruin — nothing else." "My father is fond of me. I am his only son. He would relent." "He never would," she answers, firmly, "and you know it. Charley, the day he spoke to you in Cork I was be hind the window curtain reading. I heard every word. My first impulse was to come out and confront him— to throw back his favors and pationage, and demand to be sent home. A horrid bad temper is numbered amongst the least of my failings. But I did not. I heaid your calxn reply— the 'soft answer that turneth away wrath' — and it fell like oil on my troubled spirit. 'Don't lose your temper,' you said; 'Fred Darrell's daughter and I won't marry, if that's ; what you mean.' I admired your pru- ; dence and truth. I took the lesson home, | and stayed behind the curtains. And I we'll keep to that — you and Fred Dar- j rell's daughter will never marry." "But Edith, you know what I meant. J Good heavens, you don't for one second I suppose " | "I don't for a second suppose any- , thing but what Is good and generous of | you, Charley. I know you would face : your father like a— like a 'grlftin ram pant' — I quote Trix to-night — and brave : all consequences, if I would let you; but I won't let you. You can't afford to defy your father; I can't afford to many a poor man." "I am young, I am strong — I can work. I have my hands and my head, a toler- : able education, and many friends. We should not stai-ve." "We should not starve, perhaps," Edith says, and laughs again rather drearily. "We should only grub along, ' wanting everything that makes life en durable, and be miserable beyond ail telling before the first year ended. We don't want to hate each otiiex-— we don't want to mary. You couldn't wox-k, Charley — you wei-e never born for drud gery—and I — I can't forget the train ings of my life even for you." "You can't indeed— you do your ti'ain- ing credit," lie answers bitterly. "And so," she goes on, her face droop ing, "don't be angry. You'll thank me for this some day. Let it be all over axid done with to-night, and never be spoken of more. Oh, Charley, my brother, don't you see we could not be happy together? Don't you see it is better we should part?" "It shall be exactly as you wish. I am but a poor special pleader, and your wordly wisdom is so clear the dullest in tellect might comprehend it. You throw me over without a pang, and you mean to marry the baronet. Only— as you are not yet his exclusive property, bought with a price — answer me this: You love nxe?" Her head dx-ooped lower — her eyes were full of passionate tears, her heart full of passionate pain. Throw him over without a pang! In her heart of hearts, Edith Darxell knew what It cost her to be heartless to-night. "Answer me," lie said, imperiously. Ills eyes kindling; "answer me! That much, at least, I claim as my right. Do you love me or do you not?" And the answer came very humbly and low: "Charlpy, what need to ask ? You know only too well I do." And then silence fell. He takes up the oars again, their soft dip and the sing- ing of the girl In the distant boat the only sounds. White moonlight and black shadows, islands overrun with ar butus, that "myrtle of Killarney," and frowning mountains on every hand. The words of the girl's gay song come over the water: "And you will not blame me too much —you will not quite despise me?" she pleads, her voice broken, her face hid den in herhapds. . "I can't help it, Charley; J , had, ./rather die than be poor." ' "> He knows she . is casing— her tears move him strangely. They, are in the Bhadow of Tore Mountain/ He stops rowing for a moment, - takes .her hand, and lifts it to his lips/y "I will love you all niy. Ut?'." is lxis answer. . . - Lv '/ ' This Is how two of the water party were enjoying themselves. A quarter of a mile off another Interesting little scene was going on in another boat. Trixy had been rattling on volubly. It was oxxe of Trixy's fixed ideas that to entertain and fascinate anybody her tongue mxxst go like a windmill. Sir Victor sat and listened rather absently, replied rather dreanxily, and as if his mind were a hundred miles away. Miss Stuart took no notice, but kept on all the harder being fascinating. But there is a limit even to the power of a woman's tongue. That limit was reach ed — there came a lull and a pause. "The time I've lost in wooing," began the girl in the third boat. The idea was suggestive. Trixy drew a long breath, and nxade a fresh spurt — this time on the subject of the late Thomas Moore and his melodies; but the young bai'onet suddenly interposed. "I beg your pardon, Miss Stua.rt," he began, hastily, and in a somewhat nervous voice; "but there is a subject very near to my heart on which I should like to speak to you this evening." Trix sat straight up in the stern of the boat as If she had been galvanised —her heart gave one great ecstatic thump. "Oh," thought Miss Stuart, " he's go ing to pop !" I gx-ieve to relate it, but it was the identical way the young lady thought it. "He's going to pop, as sura as I live." There was a pause unspeakably pain ful to Miss Stuart. "Yes, Sir Victor;" she faltered, in her most dulcet axid encouraging accents. "I had made up my irxind not to speak of It at all," went oxx Sir Victor, looking embarrassed, and rather at a loss for words, "until we reached England. I don't wish to be premature. I dread a x-efusal so unmistakably that I almost fear to speak at all." What was Miss Stuart to say to this? What oould any well-trained young lady say ? "Good gracious me"— this was what she thought — "why can't he speak out, and not go beating about the bush in this ridiculous manner ? What's he afraid of? Refusal, indeed! Stuff and nonsense!" "It is only of late," pursued Sir Vic tor Catheron, "that I have quite rea lised my own feelings, and then, when I saw the attention paid her by another, and received with evident pleasure, it was my jealousy first taught me that I loved." " He means Captain Hammond," thought Trixy. "He's jealous of hinx as sure as a gun. How lucky we met him at Mac room!" "And yet," again resumed the baronet", with a .faint smile, "I don't quite des pair. I am sure. Miss Stuart, I have no real cause." "No-o-o— I— think not!" faltei-ed Misa Stuart. "And when I address myself to your father and mother — as I shall very soon — you think, Miss Stuart, they will also favor my suit?" "They favor his suit!" thought Trix. "Good Heavens above, was ever earthly modesty like this young .man's?" But aloud, still in the trembling tones be fitting the occasion — "I think so — I know, so— Sir Victor. It will be only too much honor, I'm sure." " And, oh. Miss Stuart — Beatrix— if you will allow me to call you so— you think that when I speak — when I ask— I shall be accepted?" "He's a. fool," thought Beatrix, with an Inward burst — "a bashful, ridiculous fool! Why, in the xxame of all that's namby-panxby, doesn't he pop the ques tion like a man, and have done with it? Bashfulness is all very well— nobody likes a little of it better than I do— but there's no use running it into the glVUUUi "You are silent," pursued Sir Victor. "Miss Stuart, it is xxot possible that I am too late— that there is any previous engagement?" Miss Stuart straightened herself up, lifted her head and smiled— smiled In a way that would have driven a lover out of his senses. "Call me Beatrix, Sir Victor; I like it best from my friends — from— from you. No, there is no previous engagement, and" — archly this — "I am quite sure Sir Victor Catheion need never fear a x-e fusal." "Thanks ! " And precisely as another young gen tleman was doing in the shadow of the Tore, Sir Victor did in the shadow of the Eagle's Nest. He lifted his fair companion's hand to his lips and kissed it. After that, of course, there was silence1. Trixy's heart was full of joy— pure, un adulterated joy— to bursting. Oh, to be out of this, and able to tell pa, and ma, and Charley, and Edith, and every body! Lady Catheron! Beatrix, Lady Catheron! No, I can't describe Trixy's feelings. There are some joys too in tense and too sacred for the Queen's English. She shut her eyes, and drift ed along in that blessed little boat in a speechless, ecstatic trance. An hour later, axxd as the clocks of Kil larney were striking ten, Sir Victor Ca theron helped Miss Stuart out of the boat, and led her up, still silent, to the hotel. At the entraixce he paused, and said the only disagreeable thing he had uttered to-night. "One last favoi-, Beatrix," taking her hand, and gassing at her tenderly. "I must ask. Let what has passed x-emain between us for a few days longer. I had rather you did not speak of it to your parents. My aunt, who has been more than a mother to me, is ignorant etl'd of xny feelings— it Is her right that I in form her first. Only a few days more, then all the world may know." "Very well, Six- Victor," Beatrix an- t swered, demurely; "as you please, o£ course, I shan't speak to pa or ma,, Good night, Sir Victor, good night." ! Miss Ftuart gave the baronet's hand a little squeeze. But were they not en gaged lovers, or as good? — and isn t it permitted for engaged lovers to squeeze each other's right hand ? So they parted Sir Victor stroll ed away to smoke a cigar in the moonlight, and Miss Stuart, with a beau tiful face, swept up stairs, her high- heeled New York gaiters click-clicking over the ground— Lady Catheron— Lady Catheron: Oh, what would all Fifth Avenue say to this ? Sleep was out of the question— it was open to debate whether she would ever sleep again. She would go and see Edith — yes, Edith and Charley had got home before her— she would go and see Edith. She opened the door and went in with a swish of siik and patchouli. The candles were unlit. Miss Darrell, still wearing her hat and scarlet wrap, sat at the window contemplating the heavenly bodies. "All in the dark, Dlthy, and thinking by the sweet silver light of the moon ! Oh, Edie ! isn't it Just the heavenliest night!" "Is that what you came In here to say, Miss Stuart?" "Don't be Impatient, there's a dear; I wanted to tell you how happy I am, and what a delicious, de-li-ci-ous," said Trlx, dragging out <tlio sweet syllables, "sail I've had. Oh, Edie, how I've enjoyed myself! Did you?" "Immensely," Edith answered, with brief bitterness, and something in her tone made Trlxy look at her more closely, "Why, Edith, I do believe you've been crying!" "Crying! bosh! I never cry. I'm stu pid—I'm sleepy— any head aches. Ex cuse me, Trix, but I'm going to bed." "Wait just one moment. Oh, Edith," with a great burst, "I can't keep it. I'll die if I don't tell somebody. Oh, Edith —Edith, wish me joy— Sir Victor has j proposed!' "Trlx!" She could but just say that one word- then she sat dumb. "Oh, yes, Edith, out in the boat to night. Oh, Edith! I'm so happy— I want to jump— I want to dance — I feel .wild with delight! Just think of It — think of it! Trixy Stuart will be my Lady Catheron!" She had turned of a dead white— Edith — from brow to chin. She sat speech less with the shock— looking at Trlxy, unable to epeak or move. "He's most awfully aggravating, no doubt," pursued Beatrix: "couldn't say plump, like a man and brother, 'Trlxy Stuart, will you marry me?" but beat about the bush, and talked of being re fused, and fearing a rival, and speaking to pa and ma, and Lady Helena, when we got to England. But, perhaps, that )s the way the British aristocracy make love. He asked <me If there 'was any previous engagement, and any fear of a refusal, and that rubbish. I don't see." exclaimed Trlxy, growing suddenly ag grieved, "why he couldn't epeak out like a hero, and be done with it. He's had encouragement enough, goodness knows ! " Something ludicrous in the last words struck Edith— she burst out laughing. But, somehow, the laugh seemed unna tural, and her lips felt stiff and strange. "You're as hoarse as a raven and as pale as a ghost," said Trlx; "that's what comes of sitting tn draughts, looking at moonshine. I'm awfully happy, Edith ; and when I'm Lady Catheron you shall some and live with me always— always, you dear old darling, just like a sister. And some day youfll be my sister In reality, and Charley's wife." She Aung her arms round Edith's neck, and gave her a rapturous hug. Edith Darrell unclasped her arms and pushed her away. 'Tin tired, Trlx — I'm cold." She shiv ered from head to foot. "I want to go to bed." "But won't you say something, Dithy? —won't you wish me joy?" "I — wish— you joy." i Her lips kept that strange feeling of stiffness— her face had lost every trace of color. Oh, to be alone and free from Trlx! "You say it as if you didn't," said Trlx, indignantly getting up and mov ing to the door. "You look half frozen, and as white as a sheet. I should ad vise you to shut the window and go to bed." She was gone. Edith drew a long breath — a long, tired, heavy sigh. So, that was over, and it was Trix, after < all. Trix, after all! How strangely it sounded— it stunned her. Trix, after all, and she had made sure it was to be herself. He had looked at her, he had spoken to her. as he had never looked or spoken to Trix. His color had risen like a girl's at her coming — she had felt Sits heart bound as she had leaned on his arm. And it was Trlx, after all! She laid her aim upon the window- sill, and her face down upon it, feeling sick! — sick — that I should have to write it— with anger and envy. She was Edith Darrell, the poor relation, still — and Trix was to be Lady Catheron. "A pretty heroine!" cries some gentle reader, looking up angrily— "a nasty envious, selfish creature! Not the sort of heroine we're used to." Ah, I know that — none better — but then, pure and perfect beings, who are ready to resign their loves and hus bands to make other women happy, are to be found in — books, and nowhere else. And, thinking it over, and put ting yourself In her place, honestly now, wouldn't you have been envious your self ? iTo be continued.) 