Rlscellaneous Notes: \----e---- [COxTBIBUTED]. Whenever a man has an opportunity, at very rare intervals, of doing some thing, it is very wrong of the populace to comment upon his action if he avails himself of the opportumty. I allude to, a letter which appeared in last week's columns from "A Member of the S.F.A." The writer should have re membered that the gentleman's golden opportunity had come, and that he was profiting by the occasion. What is more likely than that a man should feel inspired, surrounded as he was by the good things of the earth, and waxed eloquent? Had he said more upon matters other Ithan Parliamentary re view and bills-the codlin moth and the way to pack |trait for export for instance-he could have talked for another two or three hours and no ex ception might have seen taken. Per haps the gentleman alluded to fancied there was a prize for the best bottled (s)peaches besides preserved vegetables, etc. is coming. on and sea..bathing will naturally stand in abeyance for some months, it is only to be expected that the columns of this journal will be free from the obnoxious word " baths." It is irritating in the extreme (especially to Mr. " Wash Up " ) to peruse the paper and have the subject forced so rudely upon one's quiet, happy, contemplative moments. Is he a councillor, I wonder? or a member of the Non-Bathing League that it annoys him thus. Perhaps after the comments in the leading article of the same issue he will not only "wash up " but "dry up.' I see that a progressive committee is to be established in Frankston to watch over thie interests of the town. One of the things to be considered is the tree guards-ghosts of what might have been-and the question should be dis-. cussed as to whether it is better to pu'1 them all up or replant them with trees. If every resident were to look of er the tree nearest his particular abode a different aspect. would soon rcrult. Then there are the roads, stcreete, parks, and reserves. With Iegard to the latter it should be the objoct of the progressive committee to secure those people who own cows, goats, etc., to join in with them, so as to ensure that these animals will not graze on the reserve whilst there is pIlcnty of pickings along the outside roads, to say nothing of an occasional feed of prize grass seed and early potato s cxposed in front of the vari ous stores in the town. Everybody ought to join in the venture and then they could sign their names with greater gusto and flourish, adorned with the letters " P.C." 