A DEFINITE AIM. By Rev. W. D. Walters. The passion for souls would lead to a definite aim in their preaching. He spoke his own experience when he said that he found it well to have what might be called a definite aim. Why should they not in the present state of the Connexion for twelve months at least have a definite aim, the salvation of the people of their congre gations ? If they threw over for the time being all other considerations and preached definitely with a view to the decision of their people for Christ, he was certain — judging from, bis own experience when led by the Spirit of God to do so — that they would have a year of wonderful conversions. And that would lead them to expeot con versions under the preaching of the Word. What struck him more than anything else in the history of Methodism was that their fathers had conversions whilst they were preaching, and they knew very well that in Apostolic times when the Word was being preached the Holy Ghost fell uppn the people and they were i pricked to the heart. How was it that in these days they expected they might have conversions at before - meetings and after- meetings and special meetings, but not so much at the time of the preaching of the Word. He said ' The Lord increase our faith.' They should on Sabbath evenings allow everything else to stand aside for the time being, making everything secondary to the preaching of the Word. He was confident the collection would not suffer, and he was confident also that they would be greatly helped in the spiritual service. Some time ago he con (Jucted a service in connection with re opening services, and he took a very simple text, ? ' This man receiveth sinners.' When he had beenpreaohing about fifteen minutes one poor fellow burdened with sin fell upon his knees, and cried 'God be merciful to me a sinner.' Fifty at once crind in that congregation for mercy, and he said, ' Now I shall not prolong my sermon, let us at once turn our meeting into one for seeking the Lord.' He announced one of their hymns, but the 'esteemed ^superintendent went up and said, ' Whatever you do we must have the collection,' and in the midst of a wonderful flow of spiritual life the plates had to go round. Fortunately the collection did not suffer, but he did feel that he would like to have been at liberty under the Spirit of God to go on with the after meeting. His point was that if they aimed at conversion, God would give them con version. 