IELL IIAMMO?D'S MONEY. CHAPTER I. THE AUSTRALIAN OI'PIIAN. "I am afraid that you will be very much annoyed, girls," said Mr Dawnay, looking up, with a frown of anxiety, from a letter that he held in his hand, and which he had been carefully perusing for the last ten minutes. " But please disguise your die. pl piasure from me as much as possible, for I have made up my mind; and you know that, once made up, it is as unalterable as the laws of the Medea and Persians "' He paused to draw breath; but, finding the elience ominous, he went on hastily : " The story is far too long to tell, you know; but I had a friend once-Clairvant Hammond by name-who did me a very good turn when I was in a disagreeable fix. I thought he had gone to the bhad years ago; but it appears that he had merely retired from the world to Australl to hide his poverty: Anyway, he has sent me his dyirg blessing in the shape of his daughter. Welt a moment, girls! there was an old promise on my part that, if I came into Dasnay, and he should leave a daughter unprovided for, I should give her a home. She arrives next week, and a welcome we must give her, in spite of the honze being full I Clairvant's lawyer says that he has left enough money to pay for her mainten ance while she remains with us, which is a blessing. "I suppoee he died as he lived-almost bankrupt, and little dreaming that his old friend was in almost an great straits as him self." " Geodness gracious, papa, you must be mad I How can she come here, with all the rooms full for the shooting, and none empty except the want wing, which is too monldy and gone to seed to put anyone in '" oricd Eileen. "Papa, how oli, is she? It won't be to bad if she Is a mere child; Teddy can play with her," said Maud anxiously. For Maund was on the wrong side of twenty-five, and had found a grey hair in her head that morning. For all answer, Mr Dawnay flung the lawyer's letter across the table to his eldest daughter. and left the rcom. Moud Dawney unfolded the letter, and read it aloud to Eileen aund Fay, while Teddy, their small brother, who was re markable for nothing save his inordinate c.p :ity for gathering news, and the ex treme redness of his hair, laid down his bread-and- jam to listen as well. "Do?r Sir,-We have received instruo tions from cur late client, Mr Clairvant Hammond, relative to the despatch of his daughter and only child to your care, ac cording to an old agreement, which, no doubt, you will remember. Mies Hammond left Melbourne in the ' Irawaddy,' which is due to arrive in London about the 23rd. "'In any case, we shall await your instruc tions; bhut the young lady has no friends in Eeglend arve yourself, and yon will no doubt be eager to receive her at one;. She is twenty years of age, and a suitable al lowance has been set apart for her main tenance during the time she remains un married. " The said allowance, which, under stress of circumstances, is necessarily very small, will be paid to your bankers every quarter. "We hays the honour to remain, &c.;, &o.;" Maud finished the letter, and sat silent, looking at the dismayed faces round her. "Another girl ! How zwful ! Just makes our party an odd number I Who on earth is to pair off with her; for we cannot ask another man--nless he sleeps in the stable I Lord Lanchester, Bobby Kyrle, and Captain Hope are all our own special property. What a nusance it all Is?" "Supposing she is very pretty " said Eileen, with bated breath. Maud rose from the table suddenly, net ting the silver and china jarring harshly. She did nc like to contemplate snah an emergency. "She shall pair off with Teddy, and have her meals in the rchcolroom. Her mourning will be a capital excuse; and I can't see why we should be bothered by a strange, shabby girl when all the winter fun Is be. gningl !" "Oh, sakes!" cried Teddy enthusiastin ally. "It'll be the first time that I shall have been in the running at all ! I never did see anyone like a pack of women talking another woman over I It's jest like the henyard at the farm, when one hen is try. lng hard to say that she ban laid an egg, and all the others don't want to hear !" "Vulgar you always were, and vulgar you always will be, Teddy!' said Eileen severely. "You and the wild Australian will make a capital pair. I should imagine I' And they departed, leaving Teddy to the contemplation of the cold muff~es and their empty =haires. He presently also disappeared in the direction of the Vicarage and his lessons, leaving behind him an empty teapot and a well-scraped jar of jam. For Teddy was nothing If not prompt to make the best of his opportunities. The three Miss Dswnays were handsome girls, in a bold, striking style, the eldest of them being seven-and-twenty. They dressed well, rode straight to hounds, and kept house for their father in excellent sty:e on a limited income. Mr Dawnny, the Squire of Dawnay, was one of a long line of Dawnays who held \- r property since the Battle of Aginsourt, gradually becoming poorer as the years wore away, until the present owner of the name was in possession of an estate mortgaged up to his front-door, and an income that was absolutely inadequate to meet his expendi. ture. He was a meek-spirlted, careworn man, with a kindly nature, of which his tenants and his daughters took every advantage. His youth and his heart lay buried in the grave of his young wife, who died in the prime of her beauty, and with whom had vanished the last remnant of his happiness. Teddy departed to school, vaguely wondering what life would be with the new inmate of D3wnay Hall, who might reason' ably be supposed to pay him more attention than his sisters had ever done. CHAPTER II. TIHE STPI'AGER'S ARRIVAL, Dawnay Hall was, unlike its usual manner, brilliantly llaminated on the late afternoon of Ortobe 22rnd. The whole family party were assembled round the tea-table with their guests, talk ing over the events of the day, when the door at the further and of the hall opened, and a girl came shyly forward into the lamplight. She was wrapped in a heavy serge cloak, and, under her aoaleQia cap, her corn-gold hair escaped in dellolous crisp waves and curls. By pthe side of the tall Dawnay girls she appeared almost short. Bet she was so mignonne in face and figure that her height seemed perfection. She wan very pale, and her grey eyes, under their fringe of lashes, were circled with dark lines of fatigue. But there was a quiver of amusement on her lip- as she took in the astonished faces of the Miss DAWnsys, as they Sat stad?g at her, transfixed with snrprlse. "I sm so sorry I Oh, didn't yenou expect me so soon!" cried Miss Hammond, in a sweet, shrill voice; through which an ap ealing note rang, which went at once to Lord Lanchester's susceptible heart. And h? laid down his anp and moved a little b nearer to the new-comer. g "How do you do, Miss Hammond!" said a blad, in her clear, well-bred volce. " We d certainly did not expect you for a day or a two, and I am excessively sorry that the carriage was not sent to meet you. Are youen very tired ! How did you come from the I station? Lord Lanohestor, would you be I so kind as to put my cup down ?" By the time that these inquiries had been I made, Nell Hammond had shaken hands with the three girls, and had sat down by the fire, letting her heavy cloak fall from her shoulders. With her quick percoption, she noticed that her welcome at Dawnay was not likely to be a warm one, and the shadow that crossed her face had in it more of resolution than of disappointment; For she had schooled herself to expect little in the way of friendliness in cold, foggy England. "How did you come ?" repeated Fay, with deep Interest. " You couldn't have walked, and there are never any cabs at the station." Nell Hammond laughed, and there was something so spontaneous about the ring of her laughter that the three men felt inclined to do likewise. "I! Oh, I came in a pig-cart. Theta was a network over the pigs, so it didn't matter. I eat near the driver, and he was qnite interesting. I couldn't hear much of his ccnversation, bccnaus' the pigs were yapping and equealing all the time, but what I did gather was most entertaining," These was a shocked silence in the hall, broken at last by a louad guffaw from Lord Lunchoater, who had broken through his rule of never being amused at anything, and freely confessed himself enchanted. " How doellcious !" he said meditatively. "Had you any opportunity of perfecting your knowledge on the subject of pig.keep ing as a profitable amusement !" Nell turned her mirthful eyes upon him. And in his eight-and-twenty years of ex perience of life, wealth, and misapplied talent, the Earl of Lanchesternever remem. bered to have seen a woman's eyes that moved him to his inmost being. " To tell you the truth," she said gravely, "I was principally concerned in keeping my gallant coachman from offering me his hand and his heart. He was eo delighted when he discovered that I had lived among pigs all my life that he evidently thought I should be an acquisition In the-" "I fail to see the amusement of your drive, Miss Hammond," said MIand, rising coldly. "Perhaps you will come to your room now. You must stand in need of changing your gown after the society of your very unsaroury companions. And you must remember that we are not on exactly the same terms with our pig-jobbers in England as you seem to be in Australia !" Nell's face fell. But she lifted her head proudly as she followed her hostess. Lanohester followed her with his eyes as she disappeared up the long oak staircase, and ppeaed under the line of paintod draw ings on the wall away Into the darkness. He was very silent at dinner that night, for Neil did not appear, and no excuse was made for her absence. She had her supper with Toady In the schoolroom, and Lord Lonchester revenged himself by failing to notice Maud's new yellow satin gown, and by being exceedingly distrait in his manner towards the rest of the party. Miss Dawnay and Nell had had a small pnaeage-of'arms in the privacy of the west wing. The room which had been allotted to Noll was a bare, damp apartment, which had long bcon deserted by evry tenant save the rats, whose sonttling feet could be heard behind the wainscot at dead of night. All the old- fashioned furniture that was too shabby for the rest of the house had drifted there, and the huge four-post bed, with its printed hangings of "Rsbecca at the Well," and the "Sacrifice of laac," looked strangely large and dreary for so small a person as Nell. A housemaid was trying to light a fire in the big open grate. Bat the smoke of the damp stic?s had pervaded the room with a light nmist, through which the bed loomed more hoarse-like than before. Nell shivered as they entered, and Mias D ownay said sharply: " We are sorry to be ob'lged to put you in such a damp room; but so short notice was given us of your arrival that all our other bedrooms had already been arranged for.". "It is very good of MIr Dawnay to take me in at all," said Nell, forcing a smile, " When shal I see him ?" " At breakfast, no doubt. As our house Is full, and you are In such deep mourning. you will, no doubt, be glad to keep a good deal to yourself, and have dinner with Teddy in the schoolroom at seven V" " My father has been dead for eight month," csaid Nell quickly. " The mourning for a relation so near as a father, and one to whom, no doubt, you were attached, lasts for two years." Miss Dawnay's lips shut like a steel clasp. It was evident that she did not intend to encourage the pretensions of any rival beauty, and that, until the house was empty. Nell must keep herself in the back ground. But It was no eager desire for gaiety and amusement that flusnahed Nell's white cheeks to deep crimson. " My dear old dad ! How can yon-how dare you tell me how long I shall mourn for him 1" she cried passionately, out to the quick. "He was the only person who ever really loved me, or whom I have ever loved, My dad I my dear, dear dad I" "I did not mean-I am sure I am very sorry--" began Maud awkwardly. But Nell broke In upon her words with an impetuous gesture. "Please go away now. I will have dinner with Teddy, or the cats, or anyone yen like; and yenou need not he a bit afraid of my Sbeing in your way I Only please go away now because I don't want to be angry with yon. And Miss Dawnay departed, with an angry feeling that Nell Hammond had begun by putting her in the wrong in her own henue, which did not tend to soften her annoyance with that young woman for her presumption in daring to osseeas bneauty of her own. When she was left alone, Nell knelt down beside one of her trunks, and, unlock ing it, took out a large leather box, which she opened with a safeay key. Under the lid lay a glitter of diamonds necklace and pendant, bracalets and strings ot the jewels, in magnificent profusion, She looked at them with a sigh; then, taking off the ornaments that she wore, she locked them away with the others, and re placed the box. " I will wear no gown but this, till it is threadbare--though it doos seem a shame that those lovely dresses should lie in my boxes till they are old-fashioned I Still, I am a poverty-stricken relation I Nell Ham mond, you must never forget that yeou are a humble-minded dependent on the charity of others for the preseant. And now for Teddy and the schoolroom, and s well-spent youth ful evening." OCHAPTER IIl, * TEDDY ADD NELL, It was not long before Teddy Dawnay Sbegan to feel that he had been a victim of Smlsunderstanding all his life. He had never been appreelated as an In 5 teresting companion and a stamp- oolleotor of energy and renown until the present. And he began to see that life had been-a failure so far; a fallure which bade fair to blossom into a ronderfully successful Ifuture. SIt was not as though the admiration was all on Nell's part, for then he might have Sfolt doubtful as to its genuine nature. For he and MIsa Hammond had struck up a a warm friendship, and were apt to view asoh other's actions through roseate spectaoles. But it was Lord Lanohester who had sud denly developed a pretty taste in stamps and seal- collecting, and even In the common or gardeR habit of butterfly.catching In the Sdaytime, and moth-hunting by night. Mand Dawnay was growing decidedly Shopeful as to her admirer's intentions. For She showed no signi of desiring to leave the Hall. And sunroly the business letters he seemed to write so constantly in the privacy of his room must have something to do with lawyers and settlements. So she wore her best froeok every day, and Ssmiled more sweetly at Lneheboster as the the weore on, and he seemed t~ have taken root at Dawnay Hall. As none of the Missea Dewney ever en tered the west wing, where the schoolroom was situated, and where Nell and Teddy slept, they had no chane of discovering where the trnant spent his absent hours, Noll and Toddy appeared demurely at I breakfast and lunoh.time ; but as they were generally ignored by the rest of the party, I and absolutely unquestioned as to their doings during the day, they kept strict silence as to their friend-s visit. The Squire had greeted Miss Hammond with absent kindness; had asked after her health, and hoped she would be happy at Dawnay. Then he had become absorbed in his own thoughts, and apparently forgot, after a day or two, that the new face at the table be longed to other than one of his own children. Nell was very sorry for him, and lay in wait to do little kindnesses for him, snuch as mending his gloves, or polishing up the knob of his stick, or seeing that he took his umbrella with him when it was wet. These attentions Mr. Dawnay always receivedJ with much surprise and a good deal of nervousness, which touched her to the heart as she noticed how utterly outside the interests and affections of his family he was. The first time that Lord Lonchester was admitted to the Inner friendship of the two youngest members of the household was a night or two after Nell's arrival at Dawnay. He had gone out to smoke an afternoon oigar on the terrace, a little tired of the Irrepressible humour of Kyrle and Hope, and the liveliness of the three girls. His mood was a melancholy one, and chimed in with the still, starlit night, and the moonless dark of the sky. Away in Dawnay viilage, under the hill, the lights were twinkling in the cottage windows, and the voice of a woman singing to her child, somewhere out in the stillness, rang back to him across the level plain. The sob of the sea, three miles away, beating on the surf-worn coast, made a background to the right. And when a clock struck nine, each stroke echoing dumbly on the edge- of the quiet air, he started at the discord. As he approsohed the garden-gate he became aware that two dark figures were in front of him, stealing across the grass. And by the light of a dark lantern, which suddenly flashed an unexpected flare upon its surroundings, he saw that they were Teddy and Nell Hammond. "Bless the lantern I" growled Teddy, struggling with the slide. " I believe it's gone and pitched its beastly light right into the drawing-room window, and that horrid Mr. Kyrle will think we are poachers. I wish he'd come out, and I'd dodge him behind a treeo, and whack him jolly well over his head with my net I ' Nell's voice, bubbling over with laughter, replied : " Oh, what a lovely night-moth he would make, with his pretty moustache pinned out on each side like wings I Como along, Teddy ; don't laugh so much, or you will drop the treacle-tin." The girls of Lsnchoetor's acquaintance were not in the habit of indulging in such harmless "moonlight amusements." and he could not imagine oven Maend Dawnay finding pleasure in the pursuit of night flying moths, when there was higher game to be had in the shape of husbands. He crept softly after the couple, flinging away his cigar with a sense of excitement to whioh he had been a stranger for years. Under a big beech-tree they paused; and, while Nell held the lantern, Teddy began to search for moths caught In the treacle upon the branches. It was very absorbing work, and Lan. cheoter. creeping nearer, could hear Teddy's triumphant chuckles as he bottled his specimens and laid them aside. " Ah, Nell I the best ghost moth I've got yet; and look at this queer fellow with horns and a sort of nose I What a mercy it's a still, warm night, and-" There was a shrill shriek from Miss Hammond; and, dropping the lantern, she fled incontinently. • Oh, Teddy, a bat-a bat I I know it was a bat, and it flopped right in my face I Oh ! its -little cold paws and its damp wings I' Lauchester had no time to escape, for she was too quick for him. And, with her hands pressed tightly over her eyes, she ran straight into his arms. and would have fallen to the ground had he not held her. While Nell lay ia his arms, too startled to speak, the young man had time to think what a delightful burden he held, and his heart beat rapidly as he reflected how willingly he would have held that burden for ever. "Don't be frightened, Miss Hammond. It's only I-Lord Lunohester," he said soothingly. " It was really an incalculable blessing that you fell up against me instead of that stump, or you might have been badly hurt." Nell disengaged herself hastily, blushing scarlet. " Wheat dreadful evening this has been I" she said savagely. "First of all a bat nearly kills me ; and then I nearly kill you. Oh, Teddy I I have crushed Lord Lanchester to powder. Never ask me to go moth. hunting in the dark again," ' What stapid things girls are !" grum b'ed Teddy, groping for the lantern in the wet grass. " Why, all my life I have wanted a tame bat, and now you have let my only chance go." But Nell recovered her self-possessilon, and was thanking the young man for saving her from a bad fall, with such a deliolus smile that, even by the faint light of the rekindled lantern, Lanchester felt sure that he had never seen anyone so bowitohmng in his life before. They were never- quite sure how it happened; but, in five minutes' time, Nell and Lanchester were strolling towards the lake with Teddy skirmiahing ahead in search of possible victims. Their new friend had developed such amazing knowledge as to flying insects of every descrlption, and had promised such liberal presents in connection with their parsuits, that Teddy began to look upon him as a decIlded acquleitiuon instead of a "useless swell, like the other chaps that the girls like i" " Why do we never see yenou at dinner, Misa Hammond2" said the young man abruptly, wishing that there was a moon ionstead of the more faint flare of Teddy's lamp and the cold starlight. Every graceful turn of her head was so adorable that he grudged the moment in which he discerned only her faint ontline, and not the tremulonus ooleur that came and went upon her cheeks, or the laughter lines on her lovely lips, " We meet so seldom-and surely you could spare as a few of yeour evening hours." "Oh, I could spare a great many of them I' laughed Nell. "But poor relations are not usually encouraged to haunt the society of their betters." Lanohester gave an impatient exclam ation. "Why are rich people so ngly and undesirable 1" he said. "You made a mistake in calling yourself poor, M:ss Hammond, when you are a millionaire in goodnees and beauty," he said enthusiastic. ally, and wondered why Nell laid back her head, and laughed till the silent fields rang again, and Teddy came running back again to hear the fun. After that night lonchester beoame their constant companion. He knew in what secluded corner Noll and the boy would be sitting in the early afternoon, and the fi avour of the schoolroom tost, burnt a little, in Nell's unaocustomed fisgers, was far sweeter than the drawing room muffin. SLnrd Lanohester was. certainly a clever youog man, but he was not clever enough to hoodwink Miss Dawnay completely. And it was not long before she bed discovered that there must be some other attraction besideherself in the neighbour. hood to keep him lingaring on. SHints seemed to be thrown awayon Naell, Sand coldness upon Lord Lanchster. And when she had met a sharp rebuff from the girl's ready tongue, and had ntterly failed to discover the culprits Stogether, she attaokedTcddy one afternoon, Noll was out walking with the Squire, and Lanchestor was really writing letters in his own room, so that the coast was clear. The schoolroom was not looking as dingy as usual, when Haud stepped aoross the threshold. Teddy turned his red head towards hLs sister ase she rustled in. "Nell is out, and I'm busy," he said curtly. "S,, I see, meeost courteous brother," laud anewsred, with a nod. "How often does Lord Lonchester come here 2" "Just as often as he pleascs. Ho that's your little game, ia it my lady ? Jealous of Nell--h? Pr·tty, sweet little Nell.woold make a rare good countess I" cried Teddy, blushing scarlet to the tips of his ears with anger. "' She won't be very lucky If she marrles Lord Lanobheser !'' said Maud darkly, p "If you are really fond of Nell, you will I keep her away from him. CHAPTER IV. THE BLACKMAILER. " Australians seem to be ouriously un. r trammelled by any laws of etiquette," said a Mand Dawnay, shaking her head serlonely a the next afternoon, as she poured out tea. "I saw Misa Hammond just now in the t avenue with a strange man, and all I can say is that, by their conduct, if they were not engaged, they ought to be," Kyrle gave a short laugh, "She is eartainly rather free and easy I in her manner," he said disagreeably. Lauchester started to his feet. "The absent are always in the wrong- I we are aware of that. Kyrle ; and perhaps r it would be better if you were to wait for Miss Hammond's presence before you aoouse her of anything else," he said drily. I Kyrle bit his lip furlously, and was silent. Presently a shadow, unnoticed by anyone a else, crossed the w'ndow, and Lancheetor, looking up, saw Teddy with a rueful countenance, beckoning to him with much secrecy and excitement, t " What's up, old boy I" he said, when he had joined him in the garden. "Nell'a been crying hke fun, and a man I has been making her cry by saying things I couldn't hear." Lancheater strode down the garden, with the boy. Nell was standing, fao'og a man c with a thick.act figure and a sullen fae. a He had caught her hand in a tight grip, y and she was struggling away from him, r sobbing with terror. But when Lanoheetor sprang to her aide, a he dropped the little wrist, and glared at c the new- comer. "My business with Hiss Hammond is private." he began. But Neal broke in upon him, turning her piteous, tear-drenched eyes towards Lan. chester. " I am so glad that you have come, Lord Lanchester. This man says that he is a cousin of my dear father, Francis Hawley, o and that he got his money in a bad way. and that if I do not give him half he wll-" "By Jove I are you Lord Lonohester ! I should call that the irony of Fate 1'" said n Hawley with a harsh laugh. "Your father t would have pretty good cause to semember t Hammond, Hawley and Co., I Imagine." ''You don't mean to say that he was her father 1" Visions from his childish days flashed across him with psinful emphasis. " His father, the third Earl of Lanohesater, had been a spendthrift, and had got into the meshes of an unscrupulous money-lender e who had involved him and his property in complete ruin. The anxiety and trouble had worked on his feeble constitution, and he had died, before his son had left Eton, and only one short year before the death of a distant consin who had bequeathed his immense fortune to the young Earl of Lanohester, and from poverty transformed him into the richest minor in the Peerage. The thought that Nell was the daughter of a man whom all his life he had been taught to regard with abhorrence staggered him for a moment. And before he recovered his self-possess ion, Hawley was speaking to Miss Hammend. "Yes, and it was your father who sold up the late Lord Lauchester, and hundreds of other men who have cause to curse his name io this day. He bought my share of the business, and I set up on my own account in town, though he wanted me to be his London agent. I was always fond of you. though ; and if you had kept a civil tongue in your head this afternoon, I should never have let on that your father was a money-lender." "It cannot be true," she said faintly. " Get out of this place at once, you detestable blackmailer !" oried Lanchestor furiously. "And if I ever see your face again, I will give you the thrashing you so well deserve.:' Hawley turned upon him with a snarl, drawing his lips tightly over his strong, white teeth. Bat he thought disesation to be the batter part of valour, and slunk back again to the high-road, and thence to the station, where he took his ticket for London. To save -himseli, from being called to account for various shady transactions, he fled abroad, and when he was last heard of, Francls Hawley. was a billiard.marker in a low drinking-house in Seville. " Lord Lanohester, what an I do I" said Nell. "Why should you do anything 1" he cried impatiently. " Why should we be answerable for our fathers' sins Y" "But he never was dishonourable-ho was the soul of honour-and he was never rich until quite a little time before he died. My father could not have done anything wrong; he could not have known all this wickedness. Will all my money make up to you what you have lost 1 You can have it all, if you will only clear my father's memory." "Nell," said L?nohsster solemnly, taking her oold; trembling hands In his own strong ones, "Nell, have you not known all these days that I love you passionately ! I will not take your money ; but if you will give me yourself, you shall do what you like with any money of your own." " I have come here under false pretences," cried the girl, with an hysterical sob in her throat. *I have a groat deal of money, nearly half a million, and my father begged me not to tell the Dawnaye, unless they welcomed me as a poor girl with open arms. He told me that money was the motive power of the world, and that if I was ever to be loved it should be for myself alone." " Did not I love you for your own sweet little self 1" went on the young man, coolly, keeping possession of the little struggling hands. "I was going to ask yon to-day ff you could ever think of me as-as your future husband. If you could spend the rest of your life with me, leading me, helping me to higher things 1" He did not attempt to kiss her, for he would take no mean advantage of her helplessness. "It is no goodhiding from you the fact that I do care for yeou," she said sadly. "But I will never marry yon, or any other man, unless my father's name Is cleared." "Butr-but you are taking a strong view of the subject-like every woman, Nell. As long as there are spondthrifis In the world there must be money-lenders." "Oh I oan you not understeld the horror of it " "I understand nothing. Ionly see that in my world there is one darling little woman who has vast ideas on human nature, and whose quixotism is as beautiful as it i rare. Give me the address of your lawyer, my sweetheart : and If I don't rack the truth out of him In the next twenty.foir hours, write me down an ass I' Nell smiled up at him, with a ray of hope in her eyes. He was so dellghtully peositive in his assertion that she bsgan to feel that, after all, life might not be so dark In its promise as she had begun to dread. CHAPTER V. TWO MORE AT DINNER. The post next afternoon brought Nell Hammond a letter that brought the blushes to her pretty cheeks. "My Sweatheart,-I saw your lawyer this morning, and learned the whole truth of your father's fortune. " When he went to Australia he beoame acquainted with tha fact that an uncle of his had amassed a large fortune in money lending, and had settled in M~lbourno and retired from businees. "The man Hawley had been his partner, but had been detected in soms nefarious saohemo, and dismissed from your unolo'e's Sbusiness some time before, though he oon. tinaued to reside in Australia. " Five years before your father's death old Mr Hammond died, leaving him half his fortune. "Hawley then made himself obnoxiousc, and. after a acene with your father, left the I country. "Your father Invented his £10,000 in a I remarkably business-like manner. " And, for once, the gold mino in whioh Shis fortune was involved proved a paying concern, and your father withdrew-almost Sa millionairo. S" If it pleases yoo, we will found a hoepltnl with that original £10,000, so that you may a never feel that you have to blush for your I money. i "I shell ha with you again on the even. Ing of the day on which this letter reaches you. And if yea will acept me for your husband, come down into the drawing.room I before dianer with those jewels round your pretty throat, so that we may take the Dawnay family by surprise. "My darling, your own true love, LACNOIESTER." The whole party were in the very act of going in to dinner the night of Lanohester's return, when the door opened slowly, and a slim figure entered the room and stood shyly on the threshold. It was Nell, dressed in a white satin gown that fitted her slender figure liso a glove. There were roses in her hair and in her hands, and she glittered with diamonds from head to foot. "What Is this marquerading t" began Miss Dawnay breathlessly. But Lord Lanohester name forward. "Mr Dawnay, Mirs Hammond has done me the honour to promise to become my wife. She has also a confession to make to you-and that is that she failed to tell you that she is one of the richest young women in England. She wished to be oared for, for herself alone, and not for what she pos sessed." Teddy's irrepressible red head came Into eight at this janoture. "All right, Maud, I told Mason to set two more places at dinner." And when Nell stopped and kissed him in front of everyone, Teddy fuing his arms round her neck. " Nell I" he oried, " you're a darling; and If I was a man I'd marryyou myself I" "Thank goodness you're not I" said Lan chester, laughing. "I'm not jealous of you a bit, Teddy, asit Is, though ten years later you might have proved a formidable rival I" And if Nell punished him for his speech afterwards, we are not going to tell tales out of.sohool I . 