A SUCCESSFUL SOCIAL IN HONOR OF THE MEMBERS FOR MOUNT BARKER. A LARGE AND ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE. t The proposal to celebrate the decisive victory gained at the ballot-boxes on April 25 by the Hon. Dr. Cockburn (Minister of Education and Agriculture) and Mr. A. H Landeeer, M.P., was carried to a most success ful issue on Tuesday evening, when a social gathering took place in the Mount Barker Institute- hall. It was arranged that a dinner should be held aDd be followed by speeches of congratulation to the members, whose acknowledgments would be supplemented by addresses from one or two prominent visiting gentlemen. Both the hall and the stage were utilized for the occasion, and .by means of careful arrangement the tables were made to accommodate 260 people at one sitting. The late-comers brought the number of patrons of the " spread " to well over the third hundred, and when an excellent meal had been enjoyed and the main door thrown open to admit the general public the attendance had increased to quite 400 people. The scene was a very bright and animated one, the whole interior of the building having been gaily decorated with flowers and greenery, with thp varied chrysanthemum blooms predominating. A number of ladies were most attentive in their cheerfully-volunteered work of waiting upon the " diners-out," and the excellent wav in I which everything passed off reflected" the J greatest credit on all who assisted and parti- I eplarly upon the very energetic and capable secretary, Mr. F. R. Smith. The guests of the evening arrived at 7.30 o'clock, and as they entered the hall to the accompaniment of the strains of -Seethe Conquering Hero Conies," played on the piano by Mr. H. F. Baker, loud cheers went up, the enthusiasm displayed being an indica tion. of the heartiness which characterized the subsequent proceedings. The members were accommodated at a special table in the fore ■front of the stage, special attention having been bestowed on the chairs set apart for them, these being prettily bedecked with flowers. Dr. Cockburn, who was accom panied by Mrs. Cockburn, had the support of his Ministerial colleague, the Treasurer (Hon. F. W. Holder), and of Mr. King O'Malley (senior member for Encounter Bay). The attendance of electors was very representative of Mount Barker and the neighboring townships, and the members were highly gratified at the reception ac corded them by such a large assemblv of supporters. At intervals during the evening a duet was sung by Messrs. J. A. Coppin and A. 8. Cailes, a pianoforte solo given by Miss LeLievre, and a recitation rendered by Mr. A. E. Leaney. The business of Bpeecli-making was introduced by Mr. W. C. Rowell, who made some remarks appropriate to' the occasion in calling upon Mr. H. A. Monks to fill the position of chairman. CONGRATULATIONS TO THE MEMBERS. Mr. Monks said the Liberal victorv they had so recently gained was one of the greatest that had ever been won in the district. (Applause.) They had not only to contend against the candidate who had been defeated, but the large body known as the National Defence League, whose champions hud been lecturing throughout the country and at the same time apologizing to the ladies for having opposed the franchise being extended to them, while making an attempt to obtain their votes. The Liberals of the district had determined to organize them selvcs into a united body, and the producers had folly made up their minds to support them. (Hear, hear.) That was the clasB of people whose aid tbev needed, and he was surprised that any producers should have opposed Dr. Cockburn in the election, because no one in South Australia had done more for them during the past few years than the Minister of Agriculture, to whom their hearty thanks were due. (Cheers.) Mr. Landseer had backed up his colleague ably and consistently, and the district had reason to be proud of its members. (Applause.) Mr. F. R. Smith, who acknowledged the receipt of an apology for non-attendance from the. Rev. Father Landy, read the fol lowing address:— LitUefesmpton, May 1, 1898. TO Uie nuii. Br. CoOkburn and Mr. A. H IiANDSBBS. the w»aerdgned electors in the district of Mount Barker and resident in Llttle ■ hamptonand BlaMston fael that we cannot refrain Imm expressing the thrilling, feelings of satisfaction which we. experience In yonr return as our repre sentatives to the Assembly of South' Australia. We recognise that your victory has been achieved in spite of violent-opposition. yon of our perfect confidence fn your individual policy and feel sure that In all your endeavors yon nave had the trne interests of the people at heart We sincerely hope that the present Is one only of the many victories you will yet achieve iu the people s cause, and that, backed by the people, you will never falter until your highest alms for benefit have been realised [Here followed the signatures of 77 men and women electors j ■ ^r- Bundle, who also extended con gratulations to the members, said it had never been his plessure to be present at a more successful social. The splendid gathering that evening showed that after their long experience of their representatives the people of the district were fully satisfied with the services rendered them by Dr. Cockburn and Mr. Landseer. (Cheers.) If the members oontinued to fight in the cause of Liberalism they would never find themselves deserted bv the electors of Mount Barker. (Applause.) * Three hearty cheers were then given for Dr. Cockburn and Mr. Landseer, and " one more " for the Ministry. THB MEMBERS RETURN THANKS. Dr. Cockbiten, who was most cordially received, said he-thanked them very heartily for the congratulations that had been ex tended to the members. Reference had been made to the recent victory, but he considered that it was not merely that of the electors of Mount Barker, but the victory of the poople of South Australia and a .vindica tion of a national policy for the colony as opposed to all those forces whioh had stood in the way of their development and pros perity. (Cheers.) It was a vindication of the poliey of the producer, the industrialist, the shipper, and even of the professional man, because all depended upon the producer. ! {Hear, hear.) Why had the GoTernment ; had such vindictive opposition ? Because they had interfered with rested interests and brought cheap money to the'farmer; because 1 •they had found new markets for the pro ducers ; because they had put taxation on the broad, wealthy shoulders that could well afford to bear it; and because they had stood up for payment of members. Had they failed the country would have gone back instead of • advancing to its destiny as a great nation. It was impossible to go back. (Cheers.) They might as well try to keep back the shadow on the sundial as try to keep the nation from progressing. (Hear, hear.) Had the people failed on the occasion of the recent elections the colony would have been- stopped iu its course of progress. Yet he was told a few days ago that neither lie nor his colleague had a ghost of a chance of being returned. (Laughter.) For every enemy they had got, however, they had three friends. Sueh an occasion as the present might well make any man's heart proud, and a proud man he felt that evening. The ladies had taken a promi nent part in the social, and he was glad of it. (Hear, hear.) The advent of women into political life had increased the national spirit, because men did not look to the future of a country with the same degree of anxiety that women did. The future lay in the-hands of the young of Australia, and who therefore could have a greater interest in that future than their mothers? He felt that a great deal of the victory of the campaign was due to the fact that women had brought into the contest- the deep earnestness which charac terized their lives. (Hear, hear.) He had never seen a more spontaneous gathering than the one that evening, which sprang from the hearts of the people themselves. The flag which was raised six years ago was still flying proudly, and such reward as he and his colleague had received at the hands of the electors was the result of pledges being carefully made and faithfully carried out. (Hear, hear.) Other Liberals who had stuck to their colors had been re-elected, while all the " rats " had been exterminated. The recent campaign had been won without a glass of beer or a cup of tea, and thev had neither to bribe a man nor a woman to come to the polls. (Hear, hear.) If it were not for the ballot he did not think that be and his coUeagno would be present that night, and he wanted them all to recognize that it was the safeguard of liberty and democracy. They should do all they could to uphold its sanctity, and be wanted to see a feeling of repugnance expressed at any attempt at preparing huge requisitions, such as they had seen in their -district, which were nothing more nor less than attempts to go behind the ballot and to obtain pledges which had no right to be exacted from theelectors. (Heur, hear.) The system of. absent voting would have to be altered, because as it atood at present on the statute-books it waB no more or lesB than an infringement of the ballot, as there was nothing to prevent out siders from ascertaining how tho papers were filled in. They conld be filled in at the dic tation of any third party. (A voice " They were.") It did not reflect credit on the Legislature to pass such a law, and it would be necessary to amend it, as tbej should safe guard the bulwarks of their national life, and guj endeavor to go behind tbe ballot should be regarded as sacrilege. Any attempt to use undue influence was an offence and should be liable to imprisonment. (Mr. King O'Malley—" It should be five years." Laughter.) Threats had been used in many parts of the colony by men of wealth in con nection with the late elections, and the boy cott had been attempted, but so long as the Liberals remained true to one another there was no need to fear anything. (Hear, hear.) The producers' interests had been mentioned, and he believed tbe Government had the producers with them. (Hear, heur.) The electors of the Mount Barker district had always been very kind to him, but that night they had crowned everything, and he felt that he did indeed owe them a deep debt of gratitude. He bad tried to serve them faith fully, but his efforts in the past would be surpassed by those of the.- future. The memory of such a gathering would ever remain with him. (Loud applailse.) Mr. Lamdseeb, who hod also a very hearty reoeptiou, thanked the speakers for t.ie kindly I expressions they had used in regard to him and said he felt almost overpowered at the ' warmth of the greeting accorded to his I colleague and himself that evening. To see so many faces smiling cordial welcome was enough to stimulate any man to work 011 their behalf and to do his best for his country. It was something new to see ladies present at such a gathering, and he had to admit that he had1: not- assisted in according them the "franchise. He had to confess, however, that he had been mistaken, although he maintained that he was sincere in his reason for opposing the Adult Suffrage Bill. (Hear, hear.) They would find him in the future, as in the past, trying to do his best, and he hoped Providence would endow him with such perception as would enable him to analyze properly the measures brought before the House. It was his conscientious desire to go straight forward in what he firmly believed were the true interests of this great and aspiring young nation. At no previous election had he been received so warmly and kindly as during the present campaign, and lie earnestly thanked the electors, and particularly the ladies, for their generous treatment of him. (Cheers.) A SPEECH BY THE TBEASUBEB. Mr. W. T. Cobneltos, ill a short address of welcome to the Treasurer, re marked that in the great Liberal fight Mr. Holder had been one of the foremost men in the House. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HoLDEB, received with loud cheers, said they were celebrating that night the triumph of the people's cause, and he was glad to be present for that reason and also because they were doing honor to Dr. Cock burn and Mr. Landseer. It was 12 years since he first met Dr. Coekbura, who was then placed at the head of the poll for the Burra district, where he won his political spurs. Nine years ago the people of Mount Barker covered themselves with glory by returning the Doctor as their member. (Cheers.) Throughout the subsequent period Dr. Cockbnm and himself had stood shoulder to shoulder in many a liard- fouglit fight for Liberalism, to assist the producers, and to help the great body of the people of South Australia generally. (Hear, hear.) Their senior member nailed his colors to the mast at Stralhalbyn six years ago, and the note he then uttered had been sounding again and again, and its reverberations had not ceased yet. (Hear, hear.) That policy meant help "for those who needed it. (Cheers.) It seemed for a time that the policy then enunciated had been laid aside, but it had only been so for a little while, and they could now rejoice at having carried a great deal of what they had proposed. The program brought forward by Dr. Cockbnm in cluded the principle of progressive taxation. (Hear, hear.) Parliament recognized that the burden of taxation should be adjusted to the shoulders of those who were able to bear it, and to- day they had not only a progressive land tax, but a progressive income tax and progressive sueceBBion duties. (Cheers.) It had often been said that the last Parliament Vas* tfie producers'Parliament, and bo it was in several respects. It passed the best Pastoral Bill which had ever become law in South Australia, the Butter BonuB Bill, the Village Settlements Bill, which had prac tically added a new territory to the colony, and (last, but not leaBt) tbe State Advances Bill, which gave to every producer, every local governing body, and co-operative dairy factories or wineries the great benefits of being able to obtain cheap money. (Hear, hear.) A Parliament wbieh had done all this deserved well at the hands of the people, and as a result nearly all tbe members who had supported tho Government were returned at the general elections. (Hear, hear.) It would have been a national loss had the members for Mount Barker been defeated. (Cheers.) When the new Parliament assem bled there would be still further work to be done towards the accomplishment of those ends whioh they had had in view for six years past. He welcomed the Liberal organization which was about to be formed in this district, and he hoped the founders would recognize that the body must contain not only men but women too. Ever since he began his political career he had supported adult suffrage, and he was proud of the manner in which the women had carried out for the first time in their lives the new duties devolving upon them. What would the i future of the colony be? Just what the. people made it. (Cheers.) The votes re-1 corded in the ballot-box last month would j declare what the foundations of the national life would be, and on these foundations the faturo depended. They were at a moBt critical period in their history, and he was glad to believe that they would not stand still but go on in the cause of right and justice. (Cheers.) If South Australia was to be great it must be through her producing interests. They wanted a population which should be encouraged to take up land, and Parliament should help to find a market for their produce as well as to assist the people to settle on the soil. (Hear, hear.) In conclu sion Mr. Holder again referred to the pro posed Liberal League and hoped that the good example set in the Mount Barker district would be followed in every electorate throughout the colony. Before tbe next elec tions came he trusted the organization would be in full awing, so that the colony might go forward on lines of progress and prosperity. (Cheers.) MB. KING O'MALLKS OBATE3. MrHowell was deputed to extend a welcome to Mr. Kins O'Malley, M.P., who on rising was accorded an ovation. He said that during the last three weeks he had been -speaking, and continually pounding away at the National Iieech—flauffhterl-—so that he felt a bit " off " that night. He felt like the Persian of old who said, " Blessed are they who make short spoeches, for they shall be invited again." (Laughter.) He was grate ful for the hearty welcome accorded him, but it wsb only the greeting from many democrats to one democrat. He invariably watohed public audiences, and he could always tell when he saw a graveyard- countenanced Con servative, with solemn, awe-stricken face, who tried to make up in dignity what he lacked in ability. (Laughter.) ' The National Leech reminded him—at least it did before the elections—of a steamboat on the Mississippi, which had a 40-horsepower engine and a 90 liorsepower whistle, and every time they whistled they lost ground and went back. (Laughter.) They had met that night to cast tlie last flower of respect on the leeches' honored corpses. (Laughter.) Any member in the next Parliament going round with chips on his shoulder would find one man ready to knock them off. (Hear, hear, and ; laughter.) He was proud indeed to be present to do honor to Dr. Cockburn, whose name he had heard spoken of in the State of New York, for he was one of the few Aus tralian statesmen who enjoyed an American reputation. (Hear, hear.) The poiicy enun ciated by Dr. Cockburn at Strathalbyn six years ago was about to be virtually copied by nine American States. (Cheers.) Some day —might it be very many years distant—they would see a monument erected to Dr. Cockburn for his work on behalf of the people. (Cheers.) When they had the great Liberal organization they meant to establish the old gilded roosters of monopoly would find that if they boycotted one they boycotted all. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. O'Mahev, whose speech: brimmed over with amusing anecdotes and comparisons, was so vociferously cheered at the conclusion that he had to resume his address, the claims of tho seaside I resorts in his own district of Encounter Bay riot being forgotten in his remarks, which were -received- with the keenest u|ipre«iation end "enjoyment. VOTES OP THANES. Dr. CocKBtrBN moved a hearty vote of thanks to thechairman, making mention of the sterling services rendered in the cause of Liberalism by' Mr. Monks, who made' a suit able acknowledgment of the compliment. " One of the most enthusiastic social gather-: ings ever held in the district," as the daily papers rightly term it,.-broke up with the singing of the National Anthem. Acknowledgment should be made of the good service in connection -with the social rendered by the following ladies and gentle men :—The committee—Mesdames Cornelius, J. A. Coppin, H. Coppin, and F. E. Smith, Miss Sexton, and Messrs. Coppin (2), W. T. Cornelius, H. A. Monks, W. C. Bowell, and F. E. Smith (secretary)—and Mesdames E. Neate, F. W. Ellis, J. Raison, and the Misses Reynolds, Wedd, Emslie, Salman, Jenkinson (2), Beck, Ruudle, Atkinson, Hill, Pearson, j N. M. Milne, J. McEwen, Franklin, Ander- i son, and Monks. 