' 27swBus?'6PApA Compaq?.— Wo iWrect' : special attention to the projected vislt of tho. I Newbury-Sp&da; OperaUc and Musical -Com- I pany, whiob is announced 'to mak^iti ap-1 pcarance et the Albert Ball on' TSi*3ayr Thursday, and Friday next, it is seldom that we have an opportunity of enjoying such a really high-class musical treat.as that which U in store for us next week, and we advise all lovers of -good musio to a vail them selves of it. The company comprises % quartette of male and female voices, fend an 0/wimna.nUt trim la & btUif&nt; niaiilkte. aud the class of entertainments they ^rtil' plane j before us Is precisely similar to that with wbieb they have delighted Sydney and Mel- 1 bourne audienoes of thousands of cnthusi- - astic listeners. Madame Spada (soprano), i and Miss Kitty Grindlay (contralto), Mr : pbtlip Kewbnry '(tenor), and Mr F. Hobbs ! (baritone) are the vocalists, with Madame Louise Herbert as pianlstc, and we may say that with such an a: ra.v of artists crowded houses should result. The oompany Intend to give a matinee performance on Wednes day aicernoon, wmca so aonat wuj prove a great eoocees. These afternoon perform ances have been attended tfy thousands bbtb In Melbourne and Sydney during the winter season. The plan will be opened at Meters. A. W. Birchall and Sons' to morrow (Friday) morning. New Books.— The three Ialeit volumes to hand of Hcincmann's colonial library of ; popular fiction are each likely to find favor ' in Australia, two of them especially so. One, 'Tbe Beturn of the O'Mahoney,' a romantic fantasy by Harold Frederick, is peculiarly' fresh and readable, although the plot itself, the discovery of papers showiug that a valu able estate is going begging owing to j the disappearance of tbe rightful heir, ana the usurpation of the estate by a false , claimant, is byno means original. Its method ' oi treatment, however, is and Z*ke Tisdale, t it- iccentric American coldler, the false claimant aforesaid, far from being the ordi nary scheming villain is (though his want' of principle has to be admitted) a Moreover, the drama ends well, and to t he complete satisfaction of the reader, without tbe introduction of any unpleasantness to speak ot to an} one concerned. It is a book iu which tbe interest never flag', and jast tbe volume to take with one when on a long jiurney.— ' ' Tbe Bcclpe for Diamonds,' by O, J. Outclifie Hyne, is another readable book written in pleasant and of ten humorous strain. Its seheme includes the adventures ot one Cospatriuk, a scapegrace exCam bridge man, and Haigh, an eccentric partner ol his in the ownership of a cutter, who are in search of a recipe for manufacture of. diamonds, which they have reason to believe has been written by its discoveror and buried in the interior of one ol the Talayots of Minorca. They have rivals | in the search, the result of which ; concludes the story. Tho author iu his preface bands the book over tocritlcism 'in tbe full assurance o( being shown conclu sively how each and every incident has already been written about several times before.' Without assertingsomuch as that, some of the incidents and characters do look ' a little like old acquaintances ina new guise. Still the book is very brightly written, and there is a good defl of originality about it. ' 'Appassionato' is by Elea D' Esterre-Keeling, authoress of several interesting works. The principal figures are a Finnish girl named delma, of great beauty *nd erratic disposi tion, who has without endeavoring to do so won the love of a Russian oount (Denissow), who is about twice her age. The latter pays for her education in Paris, and when she is about nineteen marries her rather against her will. 6 el ma is an ac j complished musician, and longs to appear [ iu public. Led on by a former flame of the Ooum's she, durioe her husband's absence, takes the leading part in arOroert, and the result is absurdly tragic. The Count is so j horrified at her undignified conduct ic play I leg to the publio that he Is literally struck I blind, and the subsequent part of tbe story is uibbi riynne over again, me wiie, wno naB been cast off, acting aB a nurse to her own child, who eventually dies. As there is no bint th8t the countess had In any way been faithless to her husband the amount of tragedy introduced in the last lew pages Btrlkes one as ridiculous. ' ; ^ Simon 6. Hartnak, of Tnnnclton, West i Va., has been snbject to (Stacks of colio about once a year, and would have to call a doctor and then suffer for about twelve hours as much as some do when they die. He was taken recently just the same as at other times, and concluded to try Chamber- - Iain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Bemedy. He says : ' I took one dose of it and it gave me relief in five minutes. That is more than anything else has ever done for me.' For sale by all dealers. BATTON AND LAWS, General Agents.' A Ballabat Gbobt. — A 'ghest scare,' which has occasioned considerable amuse ment in Ballarat, occurred the other night among a number of the cabmen plying for Lire between the city and the new cemetery, it was approaching midnight, and the Jehus bad drawn their vehicles up in line at tbe cemetery gates preparatory to setting out on their last return trip to Ballarat. Tbe night was dark at,d squally, and one of the drivers, gBzlrg listlessly into the cemetery,' wbb atari kd to see, as he believed, a moving figure carrying a lighted lantern, which flashed 44 like a beacon on the eea coast.' Addressing bis mates in the rank, he cried out, 'As 1 live boys, seo the ghost over yonder. Let us all scoot home as fast as we can.' Several jumped inte4heir vehicles on seeing ihe apparition and drove off poBt haste towards the city. Two 41 brave fellows,' however, remained to ' lay out' the ghost. Entering the cemetery grounds they wended their way along one of the winding paths in the graveyard, when the glare of the light. 14 widened out,' and they came to a stand still to hold a consultation, and it was decided to 14 report the ghost ' to the sexton, Mr RaUrayt who resides within tbe ceme tery enclosure. Boused from his slumbers he ridiculed the fears of the cabmen, one of whom— a nervous Hibernian— assured Mr Rattray, tbat a ghost was 44 walking around,'' aod described its get up and dimensions vividly. The sixton invited the cabby to 44 come and see.' ' No fesr,' was the reply, 44 we'll not go up towards that thing wiUi the lantern. On reaching the gates the stxton, sure enough, saw a kind -of illumi nation away back some 600 yards in the cemetery, and striking s direct line towards it he walked up to find that the supposed 41 ghost' was merely a newly -erected head stone of polished marble, on which were re- : fleeted tbe rays of a street lamp, fully a quarter of a from the cemetery fence. Dispute About a Whalb.— A dispute has arisen over tbe possession cf the whale which was discovered stranded on tbe beach the other day at Pearl Point Bay, some dis tance beyond the mouth of the Snowy Biver. The whale is 64ft long, the estimated value of the carcase bting £1000, It seems that Trooper Stephen, of Cunningbame, was a passt-ngur by the BogODg when the whale ' was found. When he got ashore at the Lakt's Entrance he promptly despatched two men to take posBfBsion of the whale in his name. Meantime, Captain Galliennc bad informed bis ownfers of tbe find, aod they fitted out a party, armed with the necessary appliances for cutting out, storing, etc., and despatched It to Pesrl Point. When tbeex* pidllionary party arrived they were sur frlsed to find the trooper's men in possession, besa declined to give wAy, and both parties discussed the situation without being able to come to any agreement, and the case is likely to be tbe subject of an aotlon at law. It is understood that Constable Stephen claims tbe whale as the fint to discover it, having been scouring tbe coast line with a glass, and seen the distant obj-jct, which hethought to b« a wreck, owing to som % moving objects —which were probably sea birds — being visible upon It, and tbat it was he whu In duced the captain of the Bogong to launch a boat. Besides, the constable is tbe ex- cntive sanitary officer of the district, whose duty it is to remove all dead animals, amongst which he classes the whale, and to be in that way entitled to the custody of the carcase. The captain of tbe Bogong, on the other hand, is satisfied as to his right to tbe whole interest in the discovery. 