'THE WORSHIP OF SATAN' IN FRANCE. A little' volume on 'The Worship of Satan in Modern France,' by Mr. Arthur Little (Swan Sonnenschein), gives some curious particulars of the devil- worship which we are assured is rampant in Paris to-day. M. Huysmans and M. Jules Bois seem to be the chief sources of information on the subject ; and, if their revelations are to be believed (says the London Daily Chronicle), all the forms, even the most loathsome, of imbecile superstition have even now lost nothing of their potency over the weaklings of mankind. We are told that there are no less than four conventicles in Paris devoted to the creed and liturgy of the Evil One, and that, for the purposes of their obscene rituals, sacred wafers are frequently stolen from the orthodox churches. Two pyxes, containing a hundred of these wafers, are said to have been carried off by an old woman in the Holy week of last year from Notre Dame, and the Bishops of Grenoble, Orleans, and Versailles have issued pastorals enjoining greater -watch- fulness to their clergy. The ceremony known as the 'black mass,' performed in these temples of Satan, appears to be a hideous parody of Christian worship; Instead' of the fumes of incense there arises an intolerable stench from a brazier; ' of henbane and datura, myrrh, and night shade. The priest's biretta is adorned with two bison's horns, and his chasuble is of the color of dried blood. All the ordinary religious rights are burlesqued and circum stances that are indescribable M. Papus, said to be the head of Occult Masonry — what- ever that may be— in France, declares roundly, however, that the ' black mass' has been, imagined by M. Huysmans, and that, indeed, the whole scare about Satanism is the ' issue of the sacristies'' — in other words, a com mercial speculation on the part of publishers suffering from a stagnant market. One instance, however, of the tendency of diseased minds to take refuge in a grossly material symbolism is the rise of the sect who call themselves Palladists, and appear to date their origin from tbe American spirit-rapping mania of the 'sixties, and who, like the Satanists, parody Catholicism. Women — generally spiritualistic ' mediums' — are said to take a prominent part in their proceedings, which on great occasions seem to be ludicrously childish. Thus, accord ing to Mr. Little, at the initiation of a 'Mis- tress Templar,' the costume prescribed for gentlemen is a dress coat, white tie, and a large battle-axe, while 'ladies are required to make themselves up as much like Greek goddesses as the modern balloon sleeve will sanction— the skirt must be looped up to evpose the left leg as far as the knee.' If there are any Palladist missionaries in this country we have no doubt the police will keep an eye on them. The present headquarters of. this ' Palladism ' are said to be 'at Rome. One of its chief miracle-mongers appears to be a lady, who ' fluidites ' so as to pass through a wall and disappear. Her fee for this re markable performance is £200 ! We make no apology (adds the Chronicle) for calling atten tion to this 'underworld.' For the public needs to be put on its guard against the recent recrudescence of ghost- hunting, cheap thaumaturgy, fortune- telling, crystal-gazing, and other manifestations of pure folly grouped together by some people who ought to know better under the fine-sounding title of 'borderland.' The other side of this borderland, there is reason to suspect, is an outer darkness of crapulous wallowings and sheer mania. The history of the subject in the past should be a sufficient warning, with its forged 'Kabbalah,' its hysterical eroticism, its more or less criminal hanky-panky of a Cagliosto and his 'Illuminati.' Humbug and folly are none the less folly and humbug because they masquerade as obstinate question ings of invisible things. 