BE A VEN. By Charles Gore, M.A., Canon of Westminster. ' Now unto him tliat ie able to do exceeding abun danlly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us, unto him be the glory In the church and in Christ Jesus unto all genera tions for ever and ever.' — Eph. HL 20, 21. There are times when we look out upon the sin, tho folly, the misery of mankind, and are tempted to cry with the Psalmist, 'Wherefore hast Thou made all men for naught?' Thereisnoeifort after good, there is no attempt to avoid evil, there is no patient suffering, there is no good work which 'shall not find in the world that is beyond death an issue so glorious 'that all- men shall confess ?without hesitation that the guttering ar,d the labor were worth while. That which is to come then shall be, according to the Divine power, above all that we can ask or think. AH we have dreamed or hoped or willed of good shall exist, not its semblance but itself, ?when eternity confirms the conception 'of au hour. And this great issue of all human effort, this far-off Divine event, is what we mean by heaven. Of course it must be admitted, first of all, that we are by the Divine Providence under the discipline of ignorance. 'We sec,' St. Paul says, ' through a mirror, in a riddle, through a glass darkly.' We know a part, beyond all question a real and serious part, of ?our discipline in this life is the discipline of ignorance, the discipline of asking questions for which in our present state we shall obtain no answer. Thus there are multitudes of questions which our natural curiosity suggests which we cannot here and now answer at all ; but when we look at the matter from the other side, so far as it is concerned not with satisfying out specula tive curiosity, but with making our faith firm, and our hopo sure, and our love active, from that point of view, if in part only, yet ?really we do know— wo know both that heaven . is and, within limits, what heaven is. Once more, if we think about heaven our imagination first of all runs on to the picture language of St. John's rapoaalypse ; we think of the new heaven and the new earth, glorious in its freshness ; we think of the city, tho now Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven adorned like a bride arrayed for her husband ; we think of its streets, and gates, and spaces, and founda tions, its buildings, each a several pern with a flame of color at its heart ; we think of the all pervading glory of light; we think of the running water, the river of water clear as crystal ; we 'think of the green trees whose leaves are for the healing of the nations, winch yield all manner of fruits, and yield them every month ; we think of the orderly tnove jnent of bright- clothed men And women in joyful multitudes. All this appeals to the heart of a child and to tliat child-like heart in us which through all our days unto old age brightens our life with joy and song and movement. Still, we must penetrate behind these pictures and ask ourselves — Is there any real picture of tho heavenly life, any real knowledge of its principle, its meaning1, its occupation, which can practically bo of service to us here in our toiling and struggling and suffering life? I' think that if wo put together those intima tions which the inspiring Spirit gives us we shall find that we are not erring i£:1we say that heaven is to be a perfect life of worship and service and fellowship in God. It is first of all to-be a life of worship. ' I saw no temple ? therein ; for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temples thereof.' That in, they have got beyond tho special time and places of ?worship because worship has become a jicr znancut activity, a permanent attitude of the human spirit towards God. And they have got beyond asking which belongs to the. state of pilgrimage, of misery, of Bin, of need ; their occupation is not asking, but rather recognis ing and adoring God as Ife is, as they are permitted to behold Him. They recognise aud adore God in His works of nature, ' Thou art ?worthy, O Lord, to receive tho power and the glory and the honor, for Thou hast created all things, and for Thy pleasure they were aud wero created.' They adoro Him m the great mystery, the mighty work of His re demptive love. 'Worthy the Lamb that was e!aia to receive the power andv the. honor and tho glory, for Thou hast redeemed ub unto God by Thy blood, and hast made us a kingdom of priests unto God the Father.' They recognise God as Ho has manifested Himself ; they recognise God in all things and all things in God, and thus recog nising they fall prostrate, the four-and-twenty elders, representatives of , our perfected luim'anity, and cast their crowds before the Throne ; they fall prostrate not because it is a eery ile attitude, not as- if there were anything in it ignoble or dishonoring, but because*, the fulness of their being rejoices to own their utter dependence upon God their Creator, their -Redeemer, their SancLificr. It is a life of w&rflhij-.; And it is a life of service. Here our bodies continually hamper tho desire, the movements, ihe aspirations of the spirit. They are bodies -bf AYeokaens, of weariness; they wear out. Beyond death wo believe in the resurrec tion of the body — a body which shall 'be altogether' spiritual, altogether the per fect expression of movement and aspira tions of the Spirit. There was a time when - this doctrine of tho faith formed to people's, minds an obstacle perhaps greater than it forms now. And, indeed it had been weighted with a conception almost impossible to our imagination and to our roason, tho conception that tho material particles of our present body, after tho decay jBod dissipation of the grave, wero to be somehow-icolfected together again ; and made, up again into the material of: the risen', Boaiy. It was a conception .altogether unnatural, altogether unnecessary. . St, Paul sugrj geste to our mind the analogy between the; seed that is sown and the plant that is grown, biit the analogy suggests rather the connection of life, the connection of vital principle between our present bodies and the bodies of the resurrection, not a connection in the material particles which compose them. And setting aside this imaginary difficulty, the idea itself of a resurrection body is, I say, one which ought not to offer an obstacle, but the opposite, to our. imagination, to pur thoughts, for, indeed, we know all we know about this human spirit of ours through its power of acting in tiie organisation, in tho body. The difficulty to us is rather to con ceive what kind of human life is at all possible when the spirit is disembodied. The perfect life is a life in which the human spirit and tniud and feeling can find perfected expression in a body purely spirit, that is, a body which reveals the spirit as it is, and alto gether without hampering, and without weariness, expresses its perfected movement and feeling and aspiration. And that per fected body shall be in a perfected world, a world which in everything and throughout reflects manifestly and plainly to our minds the eternal purposes of God. So we conceive, and we read how the glory and the honor of the Gentiles are to bo brought within the light of the Holy City— the glory and honor of the Gentiles, all that lias made life worthy, all that has made it distinguished 'anywhere in the world. We look around, and, alas ! we see on all sides how great faculties of men exist either in hostility to the faith _ of Christ or in indifference to it. The gifts of Ihe podt, how often have they been lavished in directions, at least, altogether isolated from the conscious revealed pur poses of God ! The gifts of the poet, the gifts of the architect, the gifts of the politician, tho gifts of the philosopher, the gifts of the investigator of nature,, all the! gifts ^vhich make human life worthy, distinguished and noble. All the gjory awl honor of the nations, are to be 'brought into the lierht of the holy city. There we are to enjoy a- fellowship, a fellowship in the life of God, a fellowship in everything that can make human life uoble, in which there is no faculty of body, or mind, or imagination, or spirit, but is glowing with the light of God, and find-, ing its highest inspiration, its supremest joy, in acknowledging Him, in minister ing to Him in the new heaven and tbe new earth. There is a story of one of the preatest of Christian theologians, St. Thomas Aquinas. When he was a young man in a monastery school ho had the reputa tion of being slow and heavy — the 'l)umb Ox' they called him, .and on one occasion tho question was being passed rounds among the boys in the convent school what they most liked to fchiuk about in their ideas of heaven. One said one thing and another another until it came to Thomas, and he replied, 'I love this best — ' His servants shall serve Him.' ' « It is a life of worship, it is a' life of service, and it is a life of fellowship. We arc accus tomed to say that God made tho country and men made the town ; but tho perfected life of humanity, the life of heaven, is described to us as the life of a city — it is the cit)r of God. For after all tha human fellowship is the highest thing rightly understood — a higher thing than fellowship with the works of God in nature ; the completest, the fullest fellowship of in an with wan, is what we identify with the life of a city ; and thus that perfected manhood, that perfected society of licaven, is the society of a city— a city full of orderly movement of men iu masses, of great multitudes which no man could number. It is the life of worship, it is the life of service, it is the life of fellowship, and iis the full, tiie unrestricted, the allper vading, life of God. The tabernacle of God is with men, and He will dwell with them and walk among them. It is fellowship in the light. Here we areahyays drawing back from the light, always clinging to the darkness, but nothing of that can pass to the heavenly city. The worship is the worship of God, tiie service i.3 the jo.vful service of a present King and Master, the fellowssjiip is th« union of intellects and hearts and.spirits iu God who made us and pervades us. Heaven — these are the principles of its life, these are the elements | that make up tiie heavenly life ; but then we know that this heaven can only be, by the very mural necessities of the case, tbe per petuation of what already exists now. So it is thai St. Paul speaks of God as able to do exceedingly abundant above all that we ask j or think, but it is according to the power that j worketh iti us here and now. The heaven to j to which we look forward must be thr* develop ment of wliat is already at work in the spirit ] as we are alive here. That after all is one main lesson of our Lord's Transfiguration. The Transfiguration of our Lord in the moun tain was a sort of anticipation of tho glory of His heavenly state, and it signifies this that thun, in the life of j [ His mortality, in that lifo of failure and I approaching ignominy and suffering and ! disaster, Etjll that heavenly glory was hidden within His being ; it was cloaked, it was covered up, it was invisible to the eye of man, but under tho veil of suffering and ! humiliation there was the secret hidden light ! of glory. That is tho question we have got to | ask ourselves. Tliis we may say is a happy j j place. We .mean by that that the citizens of I heaven are happy in the light of God, but we need to think what that monns. You will re mcunl'er th.it passage in Isainh of tremendous power where he speaks of God's coming de sire, and then ho continues -'The sinners in Zion aro afraid ; trembling hath sur ! prised tiie godless ones. Who aruonsr us shall dwell with tho devouring fire? Who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings V' This devouring fire, these everlasting burniiitrs, are only the holiness of God — tbe holiness of God, always intolerable to tliat which hates the lisht ; and the anbwer to the question, who can dwell with the devouring fire, who can dwell with everlasting burnings? is that the righteous ' man can do it — 'He shall seethe King in His beauty, he shall behold a far stretching land.' That is the lesson we have learnt. Heaven, if we are to enter it must bo the working out of what is already the pjgeret life within us now. Is this life of worships of ser vice, of fellowship in the light of God, not a thing living aud active, at present under the veil of your mortality ? If not, wo may awake in ' the world that lies beyond death ; we must awake in the world that lies beyond death — only in the significant phrase of our ordinary talk— to find ourselves out of it. In the lower region of human .society we know what it is to find ourselves among a set o£,jpeppje with , whom we have no kinfl .got: kinehip W bbnd;pf connection, '?'?'wfe'. aro iitD. comfortable, we say.; we J/eeTout of It.! YJ(»-b£. if^n expression which yro may-raise tbafe highest power, which we .may /feel, with all the facilities of our imagination in order to con ceive' what Scripture means' by. the outer darkness ; it is that condition of the human soul when here and now it has framed itself in no way in its habit, ita occupa tion, its aspiration, its desire to enter with awe, yet with enjoyment, the life that lies behind, into the fellowship of; the life of God and of worship. Are you learning to worship? Not yet in that worship of heaven -which is continuous, which is the permanent attitude of the soul and will towards God, but here in your Sunday worship, is it a real bringing of yourselves into the congregation of the Church universal, wluch throughout1 all the world acknowledges God the Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost? Is there a real bowing down of yourselves unto the will of God, a real pro strating of yourselves in will and intellect and heart before His holiness, His sovereignty, His love? Is tUere an acknowledging of His sovereign rights over you and your circum stances' and all you have to aBk, and is there in your dailv prayer, in your reading of the Bible, is there an asking that is real and genuine, even if yet far off, a really serious asking for these spiritual blessings which God means to give you for tho reforming and perfecting of your character? Is there in \roji here and now the beginnings of worship? No doubt you have experienced all those difficulties which are the common lot of the servants of God. You find your thoughts wandering when you would fain have them attentive; you pass through a great period, when there seems an entire absence of the faculty of prayer, and you cannot pray. Well, be patient ; all good men have gone through these experiences and borne - them. But the question is — Is there a real effort of your will to acknow ledge God and bow yourself before Him? Is there a real adoration of HisHRlory, a real recognition of His truth, a real desire to serve Him, a real lifting up of your heart to ask, to make petitions of Him for yourself and others? If there is, then there is in you, imperfect but real, the seed of the life which is heaven itself. We fall indeed into a disastrous error if we allow the cant and the hypocrisy which there is in the world to rid us of the belief in what is most genuine and serious and lofty in human life. Human life from tbe beginning of its procreation even to the end in a gift of God ; from the beginning we must treat it reverently, we must altogether refuse to tamper with it. We must train it in power and faculty, we must educate it, we must impress right ideals upon its dawning intelligence, we must bring it up, we must train it, we must nourish it always with this one central idea that we exist with faculties varying as God has made them ; we exist to serve in our several department^ to do something which makes the world 'better, more honest, which pro motes fellowship, which bringsraen. nearer to God and nearer to One another. iJEr3i3ge-~it is that ever it could have been imagined that the gifts of knowledge are in any antagonism to religion. Strange the delusion, strange that it should have ever entered into the miuds of men that God, who is light, could ever favor any obscurity. True it is that a man may so occupy himself with certain branches of knowledge as that those faculties of his by which he is brought to God may suifer atrophy. If we train ourselves in natural knowledge we must train ourselves in tiie faculty of faith whereby we are brought to God. But tjtere is never, and never can be, in the service of God any possible antagonism to the progress of right knowledge of all kinds and in all direc tions. All the faculties of knowledge, all the instincts of beauty, all the imaginations of the artist, ever3'thing that can subserve truth or beauty as to holiness, all go to the service of God, who is the supreme Light of truth. 'He is the altogether lovely as He is the perfectly holy. What we need to ask ourselves is whether, with whatever, infirmity, with whatever faults, with whatever weaknesses, we are individually aud in all with whom we are concerned striving to view the faculties of human life, and to treat them as things which are given us of God whereby to serve Him. Worship ! Service ! Fellowship ! Is there in us that' enlarged fellowship with men, that fellowship of a genuine pc-rsistent human love? Are we striving to learn the reality and cot only the name of brotherhood ? There are differences of character m the family, there are painful antipathies and discrepan cies ; aro wo striving through recognising that to learn what human sympathy, even in the nifesc familiar circutcstantes, is? a painful thing, a tliirg of effort and struggle. Are we striving to learn the love in the narrower j circle, and thus learning it in the narrower circle? It is_ ever diffusing itself through our friends out into the world? What an infi nitely vulgar, low, and debasing thing it js to desire to know .people only because they aro fashionable, or because we shall get credit from knowing them, or ber-ause j we can get advancement from tliem ? What an infinitely vulgar and degrading idea of human worship ! And yet how it pc-rvades what we call respectable society. The cla;m3 on which fellowship should be based lire claims, in part, of need ; that men need us and we can help them ; in part the claims of moral worth, that in knowing suf.h and such men we can know something worthier und better, or different sorts of worthiness and good ness and capacity, eo that our ideal of human life becomes gradually enriched, ennobled, and enlarged, and the liijks of sym pathy go out, ever widening, strengthen iuj, multiplying, till we become knit more and more into tho whole structure of the great human race. That is the question. Is the whole of our life, as far as our serious will and aspirations go, being framed in these three departments of worship, service, and fellow ship 1 Is all we do going to bo either worship or service or fellowship? Because the things which are. not one of these three are just those tilings of which the Apostles tell us that they cannot enter into the kingdom of God, that they who do those things must remain for ever without the city of God. Tho pride which will not bend itself to the recognition and adoration of God, tho pride which dreams of being independent even of God, or the lust whereby wa use our human faculties, the forces of our body according merely to animal appetite, and altogether without regard to the moral and spi ri- tual purposes which God has impressed on human lifo ; the avarice with which we use our human faculties to ecrape together wealth, without regard to those high purposes for which God gives us wealth to em ploy— all that iB anti-social in -diepceijtion and cnaract^. 5ffie hatrectf tto~-$-&$l^jZm& narrowness, J the~ smalF'dipSqris *aj|a 'antipa-3 thies, the prejudices Ijltween class ;igd -claaa,; between nation and nation, b^tweetf 'man atfd man, all things which fire neither #4rehip nor, service nor fellowship, .are just th-iflualftie8 which 'if we' tolerate them in ourselves must perforce plant us with that miser able company which finds itself, by the moral character it has impressed on its being, outside the city of God. . But if in serious enterprise we take upon ourselves so to organise and plan our being that all we are and do shall be either directed God ward in worship or to the making the best of all our faculties for service, or to the knitting of our selves one to another in ever broader and larger bonds of human fellowship, then, what ever be our imperfection, we shall be purged and perfected — purged in the discipline of this life, purged in the mystery of death, purged as it were by fire, the purification that may be beyond death, so that at last we may attain urito the life of the City of God. 