S0M£=£«fii4S«€«S8TS.1 [?] Aitnougn intie igoce taan a century has elapsed since Dr Johnson died, the astounding, stjHbhs'$iii£tf sciences of tenUgJng ? hqT Ignorant land -re- pretfftlflflegreie'-vnb tfrat"ifart fels" dictirharto the' effect'lJWat 'JAH'ergurtifeht Is .a'gip.sgjs theiappeanarice-. to the -livlxig of fhsitfif'.geadwalkVeUBf .Is- No "o'ut'jahttn;ifiWe'finfil'ed' ahtl odd:fyea!rs a' tirijptitihtii'cfd' sbflStsi -have I been hubted-vfrotn their KTum&.bylVthe prpsaJc Influentdssrif mo-, <,SrniA"?.ld' .e, unspftrlng..room,lot practical common sense; no.dbubt there arc "tffrerduijated feegble Mvho'feelleve In. ghosts, thahf'WhfemLondohrbwded to Copk iLia&e; one toindcednd -thirty years ago.; fig dgyfet.t&e; vJUage,. Hamp den is pronipter nowadays to tackle mysterious nocturnaKvisitQrs than of yore. Yet he wfe3 Wanders through rural Engl nd— jjre Cergbly; o n foot; Xor he is then enabled to pMetrate ijy-ways end; ceque'sterea nooks ana j.cprners pdt' attainable on wfeeei&-A&findt4;£a11 to be impressed by the sturdy Vltfellty bf so 1 mauy oldighostsj' /» . 1 i ? ».-... a s r a ,rui.,hp xioefi.jipt jneeLmen? who , ha'vo Actual seenghqsts,. forqneak- ing tort uf seif-resnect! 'feecms 'to" stop Hod ge s - 0 d m i SB 1 d n ; 'Of ' th e fkcl : 'hut' he meets. niahy men wholcndw7 men -who' have seen, ghostSiiOnd multitudes who have heard that a_ghpst is fo be seen at such and such &. place.. and who will no: commit thelnsblves'tb a denial of its existence.. . As ;<for- -the prejudice against lonely places 011 dark nights,- jt Is not merely general but uniye»l, just as the professing bL .disbelief in. ghosts amongst educated 'people-is uhivrt-sal. No one district-In Bhgland aeeths to be particularly, .patrpfiised - by: ghosts, although naturally qnefmeets them. more, frequently 'in' counties' which-- aiV, of loheH' -'U.'ria ' tprhahtic 1 ' character, ' or. which pcsse'ss'roniarttifr'hiptbrles; than wit iin the -metropoaitah arba.-:' ; Ghost- 1 hunting may be.accounjted-an J.die and; unworthy pursiilt; ye(. ,it Js not -alto-, gethcr 'unproflth"bl&,', as ghost legends are not infrequently '-the1 ' cjVanriels through .which historical - facts: have been passed. downIJto.us. which would, otherwise have been lost. and, more over, are illustrative "of the "fact that the auri sacra fames has not quite knocked all sent1ment"a'nd'imagination out of the English -people.- ' WelL ,thqre.is.at any. rate one ghost in LOiidon; for.the fl51 .Lord Holland Is said'" to whlk the"' Sir' Joshua Boom in Holland House with'Mfe hHiti Ih 'liis liandr-a "xiery fashlOnable'jghotly pro ceedings— on certain nights of the .year; and.it is a known fact, that there- are. manv houfees whlcli,'have never beeq let. nevenare; let. ;<rrid never will be Jet, for any lenifth-"df timeon accduht of uncanny.. traditions -associated .with them. The fjeople, ttakfi- these;-ioses are" ready enough to1 .stay,,. but n0 ser vants" will stay, and'so'thfey aVe driven elsewhere: We may be . pretty sure that -there are not many people in modern suhurban- Ssed K i n gs tdft 'ft'hc "bSIIeveTn 'the time- hallowed tradition that on All Souls Night- .£b£ I «n 5lK#pgaton Bridge r but no stranger to Epsom was ever shown Pit Platbv aTiative with out being told , .the .."Wicked! ' Lord Lyttleton's. ghost story— the. white, bird which fluttered at ,hte window on the night of "24t\i November, 1779, changing into a white-rtjfb'ed woman, who ap proached the 'foot 'Of his bed'and- told htm that he would be dead in three days, which actually- happened. .. , Sussex, which tofail the. home 'boun ties has retained its ipld.liaracteris- ticp the most, has a . good many ghosts who are still realities in th"e eye's of the, rustics -of that iittlc-rVisit'ed district, which was-oncethe centre o'f England's iron industry. . There is old Oxen- bridpe of Brede Place. There- is the headless man of St. Leonard's . Forest, known as Squire Paulett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman enter ing the forest, :and remains there' until clear of it; There is the Drummer :of Hurstmonccaux. Black dogs — a favou rite shape assumed by ghosts all over England — haunt all dark lanes and lone by- roads, and .under many a seques tered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning; whilst on the old cattle-road between Kingston, hear Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way, a. goblin naay 4)e seen on any dark, wild night, -incessantly spinning charcoal ! The same species of "general" ghosts as -they may be called, is recorded by Mr Bye. the Norfolk topographer, to be -strongly developed in'hls county. Th?re' is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking among- the pits on- Ayl-' merton. Heath. There is-, .the great black "Shuck Dog"— the woud '.'Shuck", said to mean the devil— who at Coltis-- ball Bridge is headless, and at Salhoyse has .a blazing eye In thp centre of his forehead, and who "has a brother at Peel Castle in the Tsle of Man. the spirit of a murdpred prisoner, known as the Mauthe Dog. But. the historical ghosts are more .Interesting objects of,. study. In the same county of Norfolk, says Mr Rye. young' Lord'Dacre. who was mur dered rln 1565 by his gukrdfan; Sir Richard Fulmerston. who arranged that a rocking-horse on which -the iboy' sat should fall, still prances about on a fheadless. of course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn. still rides ;down the ave nue of Bllckling Park, » once a year,, in a hearse-like coach,' drawn by four headless horses, and driven fey a head less driver, with fcer head in her lap and Ijer father,. Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there is andther coach and headless team, and yet another tiear Great Melton. This last rises from a pool e'verv mid-day and midnight, and with Its load bf'four headjesF.- dripping, 'whlte-rdbed ' ladles" passes slowly round. 4fae field iand slntar again; and tradition/says that at-, this spot.'long ago, a bridal- party, were yp- cet into this pool, and npverseen again. Then there Js'the Gray Lady of "Rain- ham — not to be confounded "With 'the Brown Lady of Rairiham in "Durham— ' who represents Lady Dorothy "Wolpole; forced, it is, said, to marry Lord Towns- =nd in 1715; and .theghost .of one Lush, - who' committed suicide end was burled near Redetihall; apd many others. " A firmly believed In coach-ghost":Js that of, Lady HowaHl; daughter and' liejresF of £ir John-.Pitz of Pitzford. in1 Devonshire, about 1600. who, Mr. Baring- ould says, travels plghRy ifrom Oke- nampton Castle to Fjtzford Babe, Tavis tock;, In a coach o'f "b'ones, preceded by a phantom dog. The Devonshire folk helleve "this to he the' ifohUdfet bf the "luainl. - tvelrd ballad 'of —My Ladye's Ooaeh,-. -which, opens : 3fy- Ladye hath a 'sable coabh, ' And horses tA-o and four - ' 3fy Isadye hath k'gAnnfblobdliound ' That.runneth on before.. My Ladye'p coach htuh nodding plumes The driver hath no head; My 'Lady is a.SIjeh white As one that long'ls dead. - But. as, 3fr. Baring-Gould says in ,itis Introduction to the :fiongs of the West " the Lady qf .the ballad, no doubt. Der- Eonifies peath. , ' Gahri«"Crafld6ipk 'Is a'wpll lcn&tvii; Esseaghopt.-- -'Hec was- famous in" the middle of. the iact century- ,«s Jerry Lynch,, the highwayman, who with' the proceeds of , his eaploits built Lapwater for -drink; he bia the:m "lap Svatr. He was- Hin-qq earth in' his newt hdhl»e wottndcdi'eaad - irowned -in the pondno which he hadtdy-etjped.the thirsty work men s attention, and fee is stij believ£d, to be seen on wild nlghfp; LVhfieggea,' and mounted on an earless mare/ fleeing from his pursuers' (asv they 'ckttie from Sheffield, Ingrave,; -HornQon. L&inttonV; and Pitsea.-,,,. -j ; r.n!. . ; , .v Manington Hail, the residence of the ualpoles, Earlp, of, Ocford, has Its ghostly associations. Horatio, second. £arl, removed all th$ tombsibnfesr<Sf 'th'b Scalmera, tjie former posfcefebbf-s ot?i the Hall, f from Wickmere Church, aifd 'bne of the buried ladies Is still believed i to; walk round the churchyard. To atone. foi4 the sacrilege, 'bvery EArl of Cirfo'rd at his- tuVlal wafe driven in .his he&fee; three times round ..rulnoi -Wickro'ere Ohurphfeefore beingnfinall&' laid-o rst. Y M .the , sWlp Littiecote, near Martbprough, on the old Bath road, whfefeat wild Darrell, the Principal In tfeg3£rrttty3tfgiwr tragedy at .XJtUecote.HJl. Is .stUl beJ|eved ,tof be-, Gen., followed ' by.' "hlte bowling hounds, 4s on thfe day.hVn ho rnet hife . oeath1 bereridlng madly1 along, treck l&sJn; hlsco&Boiou8f4qrturara4id; con-n ftdnted" by tbe""ip5arltion of a babe burnLneyJnAajnfeit,, i.etj (ie All 'the unhappy ladies pf history "tfSIK',r4Ahri'r«f WW Space's ' Up 'and' dortGhe.igallery-ibeAfihgi mame- w Hi w rC as tie ;Fa i r . Ro sam 0 n d, 1 ks. on , tii'e' 1 n vkY- b ank'.d t Godstpxv; Jvmy. Sfeb- satboifthfe Side iCuhmor Mkry.Quhn ; 6f .:Scpts, ,at,.Fotheringhay, , We .have, 'dotea .'Anriq1 Boleyn's proceaure"iat BllckUng ' Canterou'ry Kirig's 'Bchbol ' boys faithfully -believe,-. (Until they f a-t-' tajn agc of absolute , wisdom when no drfe'eds are tolerated excep't that in Self, , (hat the'uufbrtunate Nffi Cook, famous in the Ingoldsby, .lesid, haunts ,,lhe Dark Entry every .Friday felght. At Apetlibrpe. the Earl of WfeStmotaittndta seat in Northamptonshire,1 Lady.Grac- Wife of the first earJ. walks In a cqrrj-; do>, scattering silver pennies -as "she goes"; but thepennlK arei air, aiid woe to him who tries to .test their solidity— so sayt>and probably believe, the' good folk arOund. « In' the romantic North Country, these, poor dames, abound. ,, ..There Is the Brown Lady of Ralnhatn— stately, In cdlf and rich brocade, T>ut eyeless.Tberer is. '"Silky" of Denton Hall, near New castle, in. a flowered, .long-waisted satin gown 'and satin hood. There Is the- White I>ady r of ; Sklpsea Castle; Lady Derwent water of Dllston Castle; . the Gray Woman' of Wllllngton: Meg of Mfelon in a' brbad hat; the White Lady . BJenkinsop, who still wkils over, a chest of gold, the- cause of all the unnappi- ness of feel matried- life, "cum "myitis altls. The famous Cauld iLad.-of Hyi- ton, on the river Wearwas.only iajd during the last century. bUt/his wall. , 'Im cauld K riauld 1 -has been sworn to as heard at a. much later date. He was not quite a stock ghost of the silent.. gliding type, but was more of a btwnle or pixiej working hard in the kitchen during .Ibeigfet the wajm were sluggards — very much contr&r.; to the usual' rule of his kind. The Grav Man' of Bellister .Is another well-kpown North Country ghost. His nricrin4l w'a«s a wandering -minstrel Who $$aar3the Castie 'ch's near HaJtwhistle. on , Ike ,ip Vi J.Wnl vas.aflroittta. anil pleased Ihc Ble- ikin ion owner for -a time, until lie got sus picious ,1, at the poor old -ray-clad sing er was a spy from a neighbor baron with whom he was at fe.ud- The min strel got wind when lie was suspected, and stole awav. Blenkinsop sent blood hounds after'him. and he was torn to pieces. ,'.s this happened In 1470. and the Gray Man is still spoken of .in .a dis-. irict by.no means-bohind the age in re finement. intelligence and education, who dare hope' that argument can ever overthrow superstition?- Corby Castle, near Carlisle, has been modernlsed. fbut in It wainscoted, tapestried "Ghost- Room" the Radiant Roy still walks. . At Chllllnghain Castle in Northumberland there v«as also a radiant Itby, until the skeleton of a boy found -in. one :ot the bedroom wails, not very long ago. was hurled, and then he disappeared: and at Coatham, in Yorkshire.- ipopular tradi tion spedks of a shining child who van ishes when pursued- s' Apropos of ghostly' children, a pretty tradition is". connected with . a ,,oeitain T\rest Country hquse, to the,effect that c-\ eiy cold morning is seen on the win dow the scribbling of llllle fingers, hot to be effaced by any amount of rubbing. The ghost of Knaresdale Hall, near Kaltwhistle. in Northumberland, was a steady belief not very, very long ago In this case a brother murdered an in convenient sister by drowning her in a pond, and the lady revenged herself by walking from the house to the pond upon every occasion that a member o£ the family happened to he about after dark. But if one were to enumerate what may be termed the " Private Ghosts " of England md Wales, the walking Indies and gentlemen, who hav ing been nobodies during their lives, are determined that something more than the mere epitaphs over their graves shall keep their jnemc-orlen green, the limits of this paper would be very far exceeded. The very noune In which the' author of the paper Is writing is well known by the villagers to have a White Lady on its uppennost stair landing, a discovery which very mucn -unningea- some American visitors, who declared that if 4hey had known It, nothing would have Induced them to sloop so soundly in rooms abutting. on the said landing during three months of the pre sent year. But who she was, History sayeth not. "What Canon Jessopp says about his own country of Noi-folk is tree else where: "If the Norfolk peasant's mind be nevr so dull, the old traditions, hand ed down from ages past, come In to help him. He thinks it would be Im pious to doubt that disembodied spirits, still. hover about the scenes of their earthly pilgrimage." So the Lincoln shire folk say that not only does Here-' ward -the "Wake still, on wild nights,' ;ride furiously along the road from> 'Bourne to Peterborough, but that he haunts the site of Ijis old home close to the Well Head In thf town of Bourne1. So they believe that Thorpe Hall, neat Louth, the ghost of the Spanish lady whoifeli in love with Sir John Belles, a# commemorated In the old bailad, which or/mmences: ' Will you hear a Spanish lady, How shoe wooed an English man? Garments gay and rich ah may be. ; Decked with jewels shee had on .(known 'from her dress as the Green Ladb') still haunts the particular tree maf .the mansion. . Now and then— not often— ghostly ap- i)x ararices > "> sounds are explained to the peasant's satisfaction. Thus, in the county of Durham, "Gabriel's Hounds' were, for long, long years believed to .shriek and howl through the ail on dark nights and to forebode death to him who heard and saW them. But prosaic .modem resea-reh has' proved them to be nothing but flock? of wild geese Emigrat ing south\vard;On the approach of win ter, and choosing dark nights for tbelr journeys. "Similarly, the ghost of Jrby- dale, in the Lincolnshire-Wolds, a gob- 'lln .who terrified travellers at ntgfei with .Its heartrending cries, and .who is said to be a witch who had been worried to death by dogs in a long past age, has been shown to be nothing but an owl.' On ihe other hand, no- true Cornishman will ever be Induced to relinquish the be lief that ibe spirit of King Arthur still haunts the ruins of TJntagel in the shape of a white chough and assure- ' ly the many English families who poe-! sess a .white.. bird., of pmen, such as that which Mr.John Oxenhaqi saw. in West-, ward Hol ciint fermly to the tradition, if not to ithe' wllef ri It. And- so, -ghosts 'or< no ghosts, the po sition is Just the sgpe at the 'end of the nineteenth century aspat'the.vnd of he' eighteenth — all argument ( is , against thehi. and if all belief is not for them, ia. very'ei-t deal ' rndre is' than people like to acknowledge. . In Mr Charles Lowe's reeentlv-pulb lished' book, '"'Blkinarofe's Tabled Tdlk" (Gnevol bnd Co.). there are -odd or Pw/>! refiercnees to "tlic Eastern Question Which dtftve an iutcrest at the tuomentE "Germany." Bismarck declared -ou x>ne oCeasjou, Mfens no iutereSt in the Eest- ern .ftuqsflon, ro I would rather «ay nothiitgabopt it." At another time Jie reqqiji'ked that the only thing that cojuld, affect fhe lrit ncuijalitJ of GGrmapyt was Ibe luterest of "Austria; "Fjrst.V bp said, "we liave'tolook after our own Jptbrests,' then those of Austria, which'- coincide with ours; and after that' wfef must 'contiriue to live on as good a Topt- Hfi be witb Russia." "As for Turkey, v>/hc, aAded, "Z. do not believe Flji.she wlU fee partitioned, and the 'unBpqakableTurk' driven from Enrope Hat -any rate. Mr Gladstone Is not the Tnjanto do 1tM This remark was, of coaienade'a'feumbcr.of years ago. 