1 GREAT WRONG; or, THE ? ' ' MYSTERY Or BLACK B.OL LOW ORANGE. I CHAPTER TV. — Coctinued. 'Passengers tor Piedmont,' shouts tho conductor. ' ' Lenore has no desire to visit Piedmont, but she sees tho bluo highlands boyond, and fancying that Black Hollow Grange qiust bo somewhere in their midst, she determines to BO in. -t;.. . With an elastic spring Bhe gets aboard, and tho train thunders on just as poor, panting Clotilde comes up. \- ' Miss Lenore I Miss Lonore ?' alio shrieks, but the roar of the wheels drowns bar fran tic cry, and Miss Trevothon, looking from the window of her carriage, nods and kisses tho tips of her whita fingers, asshe is whirled aw ay.' '? What shall X do I' moans tho woman, wringing her hands. ' He'll take my life ? if ho ever knows. Oh, what shall I do?' Meanwhile Lenoro flies on, over miles ot golden gorse, and purple heath-bloom, a \- strango sense of liberty thrilling her. Tbe yonng lady removes her jaunty hat, , ' j, . and lies back in ker sent, while the breeze stirs her tresses Into a mass of riotous gold. Heiress and. bride-elect that she is, she finds her lite insufferably dull and stupid. The con jtant.adnlation and homage of men and , women,' has grown to be an old ? song, of which she is thoroughly weary. '-I wish . I could run away,' she repeats, hatching the .flying hills with dreamy oyes. ' I hare .half a mind to trjj-run away and seek' my 'fortune, as tho heroines in novels ? sometimes do, and leavo nil. my possessions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, ho would, follow me, and fetch me back to marry Richmond, Dear, dear, how awfully stupid it all is — this marrying business abovo all. It reajly turns me sick to think of it.' I sincerely, hope that Richmond may be ship wrecked I' , ' Piedmont Station 1' ? Sho springs to her feet, and adjusts her hat and tumbled tresses, . : 'If you please, air,' sho inquires, as the conductor hands her out. ' is there a place anywhere near hero called Black Hollow Grange?' ? The man turns round and looks at her be fore he replies : ? ' Yob, miBs, there is; the 'Haunted Manor,' it is called nowadays.' ' Precisely ; that's the place I mean. Will you have the kindness, sir, to tell ?: me tho distance, and in what direction it lies ?' 'Over yonder, miss,' the other side of thoso blue peaks, to the left a matter of a couple of miles perhaps, and a pretty straight road. But begging your; pardon, miss, you don't think of going there?' 'Yes,. sir, I am certainly going to the ? Haunted Manor,' if 1 can find it, and I'm much obliged to you.' '' ' ' : 'Perhaps you don't know, misB, that tho : manor's been deserted .this ten year and ?' '^roore, and folks say 'tis haunted ?' continues the conductor, with the very best inten tions.;- '?Yes, sir, . I know all about it. Good mdrnlngl' Lenore tripB away, whilo a dozen heads protrude from -the '.carriage windows, and; as ^ '-.\\.xr many pairs, of .eye? watch her with staring I eunoBity. -? v t . . She hurries on, more determined than ever ; to acoomplish the. ohject she has. in view. She has walked a full mile, and tho sun has ? passed thezenith before she comes'in sight of a single dwelling, or the least sign of civi lized life.' At last, in'a green hollow beneath tbe hills, she sees a smoll but, in front of ' which an old woman sits, knitting, Lenore is growing weak from fatigue and hunger; ben'ce she determines1 to turn aside and bay : a draught of fresh milk, and find out if she is pursuing the right way. The old dame rises up at her approach and ? proffers her n seat, which the girl gladly ac cepts A 1 ' ' v ' I '..Che saints protect us I' cries tne uame, j with uplifted hands and affrighted eyes i % one would take ye. for tha lovely murdered „ leddy herself, come out of her winding sheet. Are ye ft ghost or a living woman ?' ' ! \- 'A living woman, and a hungry one, too,' loughB lenore. 'My good creature, what do you meanf Surely you don't take me for ? ghost?' ' Hay, n»y, but ye look loiko her, the poor murdered leddy as 9leeps In. the Black Hollow up yonder. I seen her wi' theBe two eyes/the blessed night afore she was mur. dered, a walking up nnd down the terrace,' her yaller hair all a streaming, and the , flowers on ner breast, and you be as like her u two peas.' ' Lenore's eyes quickly fill with tears, and her breast heaves. ' Poor lady,' she roplles, steadying her . voice by a great effort. ' I've heard of her Toll me about her, please.'' -. . ' There is little to tell, miss, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so fair '' . and so Bmiling, and the' next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of her , own heart's blood, nnd the* master gone, and from that day to thlB he.has not been heard of. But they, do any,' she adds, with a shudder, 'as he it was murdered her, bo / cause she had a smiling face for other men than him, and that's why they buried her m -? , tho Black Hollow, and with a stone cross at her head. , ? ? - . Lenore presses her hand against her heart. She! has never been told before that her mothor lies buried in tho Black Hollow below the Grange. ? 'And', no one can tell what become of A him ?' she falters. I. 'The husband, you mean ?' Bless you, no, n miss 1 But soma think he made an end of hiBself in the lake yonder,, and they do say, ? when it storms, and the winds are high, be f comes back and sits on the shore,, and she 1 walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair v streaming, wringing hor . white , hands, and -? vory in; fit to break her heart.' ?f 14 And the haunted manor is not far from here, ia it ?' asks Lenore. - ' , ' A mile perhaps, right above, tis, beyond , „ the black firs.' ; jr j' .'i: -? Were you.ever in the old house? I mean, since the murder?' ? 'Saints protect ub, I'd as soon venture '*?' p'- within the gates o' perdition. . ; Why, no human creature has evercrpssed that black V, ... glen ; an[l no one has ever entered tha acoursed place - since the murdor; excepting Ambroso Gerhart, and he was well-nigh . ' frightened out of his wits.' '? There was a child left, I have heard,' MIbs Trevothon continues, moved by a . ' curlouB desire to hoar all the 'old ''dame [can ..V'.-.teu,' .... Bless ye, miss, a little mite of a girl, and i r.v,. ihe was wandering from room to room, a ,. sobbing and crying, and her mother's blood afore her young' eyes; Thoy fetohed her down here the very day after! the ' murder, v and I gave her a bowl of goat's milk and ' ' brown bread from that very blue bowl on the \- 2, dresser.: Suoh a pretty little lady, the vory ploturo of her mother.' ? :'. ?- ' And what became of her?' ' Thoy took her away. , His: cousin came from over the sea, and took her off to London, and I've beard nothing of her since,'- She may be dead by thiB— the' better ' for hor if ? v. ' ihe is, poor thing, for the mother's shame »1 wayB falls on tho daughter's toad.' ; ' Ay, true enough, better for her'lfahe were dead,' Lenore echoes under her breath, with a weary sigh. : 'Let me have a draught of milk and a morsel of bread, and take this for your H - trouble,' she adds, aloud, ? ; \ c v. Tlio dame's eyes glitter' greedily alight of tbe silver which . Lenore puts in hor yellow , palm, and she hobbles away, and produces' a . ;;::s : bowl.ot milk and a small loaf of breads . . Lenore drinks the milk from the iame ?? .???;?: - . blue bojvlj from which she was fed so many . . years ago, puts a morsel of the loaf in. her pocket, . bids .her hostess adieu, andv de paits. , v The old woman ioors after her, shading hor eyes from tho afternoon sunlight. 'The saints protect us,' sho mutters, I 'thoy be as like aS twopcasl Itsurely can't be tbo ghost of tha murdered fair ln'ly 1 I ihqa)d drop in my shoes with fear if I really th'oight so,' ' .CHAPTER V. IS AWFUL APPABITIOW. It Is tho samo old story of murder and mystery that Miss Trevethon had heard from tho lips of old KiBby a few yqars before. He wnB an old and devotod servant of the Housu of Trovothon, and on- his death-bed bo had told tho young heiress the terrible tale of her mother's mhrder and hor father disappear ance. . The terrible affair happoned somo two or three yoars after tho formal betrothal, or 'Fairy Marriage,' with which our story opened. Geoffroy Trevethon, tho banished heir, was still off in India, serving his country under his assumed ilamo, while his cousin, Arthur, .reigned in his stead at Lyri. dith Hall. But poor Sir Arthur was an in valid, suffering from an incurable disease, and took bat small comfort in Iris wealth and his honors. Tho ono desire of his heart was to soe his adopted brother, again, and to restore to him tho heritage ..which his father's un natural oruelty had takon from him. But Geoffrey did not return, and hlB letters to hh friends in England were fow and far between. Despairing of over seeing him again, Sir Arthur mndo his will, binding his daughter, as^he fancied, to remain true and loyal to her childish marriogo to her cousin, Richmond. Somo time thereafter ho went with his family to spend tho summer monthB, after tho custom of bis race, at an old homo amid the Scottish Grange — a glohmy, ghostly, grand old house, built on the summit of a bold spur, beneath which lay a wild glen, from which the place derived its name. Sir . Arthur went up with troops of gav friends, and a few efficient servants, and : through all tho goldon summer-time the hill country was enlivened with then lestivlties. It was as lato as September when tho party broke up, nnd the baronet made preparation! for his return to England. Only a day oi so before his departure a foreign letter cam« through his London ap,ent from tho banished heir, and it contained the welcomo intelli gence that he was coming home at last. His '*tfa wn* dud asd burled in India, and in aedience to her dying wish, ho was coming, with his son, Richmond, to. Lyndeth Halt-. . loftM* mnrin flir Arflini* nnnthftr man^ Filled with delight, he made preparations for an immediate visit to London to meet and welcome the returning soldier. , . , ' 'No matter how soon I die now, I shall die content,' he said to his wife on the eve of their departure. 'To see Geoffrey rein itated in his old home is tho dearest wish uf my life.' The guests were all gone from Black Hol low Grange ; the servants had been sent in advance to Lyndeth Hall, and on the morrow Sir Arthur and his family would follow* Tho morrow came, and/ the men who were to tako charge of tho Grange appeared at an early hour. They found tho old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, ' an awful sight met them. Under the sickly glimmer of tbe still burning chandeliers, all bathed in blood, lay Sir Arthur's beautiful wife, brutally mur dered ; in .the room beyond her maid was also found dead ; and wandering nbout the nursery, sobbing in terror and grief was the :little girl Lenoro. Sir Arthur himself was gone. No' trace of him,' either nliva'or dead, could be found anywhere. A week, perhaps, after this shocking tragedy, the cousin of the murdered man ar rived in London with his little son. He was greatly shocked, as fa ay be imagined, but ha evinced great presence of mind, and at- once hurried to the scene of the murder. Ho found tho neighborhood in great excitement, rnd tho Grange in the hands of the authori ties, who were using every effort to elucidate the mystery. Vainly enough, however, not tho slightest clue could bo bad to the mur derer, nor could the mysterious disappear ance of Sir Arthur bo accounted for. . His wife, poor, beautiful lady, who was a foreigner by birth, and without relatives in England, bad been buried in the hollow below tbe Grango ; and a report was circu lated that hor frailty had equulled her beauty, and her husband had murdered her in a fit of jealousy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contra dicted with great indignation, nnd took upon himself the task of clearing up the mystery and lifting the dishonor from his conpin's name, v Putting aside all ecraplea. in regard to. his late father's will, he at once accepted the title which belonged to him, and installed himself as guardian of little Lenore, assuming entire control of tho vast estates of which she wad sole heir. He worked assiduously, too, sparing no ex pense or pains to solve the strange mystery and brinz tha criminal to justice, but with out success. Not the slightest clue could be had to the myBterious disappearance of Sir Arthur or to the murderer of his wife. Years passed, and tho mystery of Black Hollow Grango was a mystery still; arid little by little the terrible story had come to Lenore's ears as she grew toward perfect womanhood. A word here, and a hint there, until at last the old servant, on his death bed, had poured tho wholo awful Btory into e]rrom that hour tho heiress of Trevethon had thought' of little else. She thinks of it now-, standing all alone amid the wild Scot tish hillB under the very shadowof the weird old house which holds the awful secret. The Sin hangs low in the west, its yellow rayB gleaming on the quaint, weird windows and gray gables of the haunted Grange ; but in her brave, resolute heart MisB Trevethon resolves to push hor adventure to the end, Bhe had planned too long to obtain this opportunity to havo any thought of renounc ing it. Yet, desplto her bravo blood and ber in vincible will, her young cheek blanches, and a slight shudder shakes her, ns Bhe looks up at tho frowning old maiiBion, dimly revealed through' the thiok foliage of the black firs. In that gruosome, ghostly manor she was made an orphan. Ah, heaven, if she might only be ablo to solve the mystery and lift the Btain from her dead mother's name. With rapid steps she makes her way to the black glen bolow tho manor. It is a wild and lonely valley, shut in by funereal borders jf black firs, and in Its vory centra uprises a jpcctral Btono cross. Lenore casts herself down upon the mossy darth and reads tho simple inscription: 4 Lenoro Trevothon.' Lenore Is deeply moved; she rests her throbbing head againBt the cold tombstone And weeps as she never wept beforo. . ' - ; ? ' Mothor,' dear, beautiful mother I' she moanB.' I do not believo one word of tho Bvil thoy impute to you— I never will believe it; ? Ob, mother, look down from heaven and pity your poor child P. . » . , , ' A raven flaps its wings in the black Drnnchea overhead and utters a dismal croak. JJhe girl rises, to her feet with a shudder, plucks a sprig bf blooming heather from tho lonely gravo, and turns away ? with a heart broken sob, . . , . 1 The winding path that once led up the Dluif Is all overgrown, and it is with consider. Able dificulty that sho makes the ascent. Panting from her exertions, she at last stands before the huge iron. gale. It is closed, but *t the touch of her hand it swings open with a hoarea ereak. Sho crosses the grounds and gains the terrace upon whioh bar mother walked tbe evening before her death. ' Tho flagstones beneath her feet aro green «hd slippery with!mold,tboold house looms up above her like a hugo gray tomb. 1 She looks dp at the silent windows and an awful terror eoines oyer her. Her cheekB blanch and her 'very knees Bhake. ' But Bhe clenches her band and' sets her teeth, tho old Trevethon will rising up strong within her.- ' Never look back,', was an ancient motto of her houso. Sho will not look back now. Sho makes hor way round to the front entrance. The yard is overgrown, ana hero and there a broken urn or afallen statue gleams through tho long grass, and over the huge pillars of tho portico wild' vines trail In luxuriant growth, Lenore ascends the mossy steps, puses tho vestibulo, and tries tbo massive oak door. It nntms retulllv. and she n asses through Into a wide hall all hung with hunting trophies, and hero and there a piece of anciont armor. Through a stained window at tho remote end tho afternoon sun shines, filling the room with lurid splendor. Miss Trevethon moves on with bated breath and distended oyes, awed and yot strangely fascinated. She comes to another door, which admits her into tho spacious double drawing-rooms. Tho lurid glow from the stained window penetrates even here, dis closing tho tattored silken hangings and tha faded carpet, in tho very centre of which,' under tho rusty chandelier, is a dark stain, which all. tho years bad failed to obliterate.^. \- The girl sees it, and a cry ot horror breaks from ber white lips. It was in that spot that her mother lay murdered. She turns away, sick and shuddering, and returns to the hall. Tho broad staircase goes winding up just beyond hor ; and possessed with ? foolish fancy that in some part of this dim old house sho must find a cluo to her father's mysterious fate, sho ventures to ascend. Her light stops ring sharply in the terriblo silence. On tbo first landing a great bird flutters out from a sequestered nook, and flies past her with a scream. Tho pirl|s heart beats bo rapidly that she can scarcely breathe, an I a cold sweat bedews her brow, but she goes on. She comes to a long suite of sleeping apart ments, tbe first of which she enters. It 1b a spaciouB chamber, which must have been spleudid.in its day, the couch all huug with tarnished white, tho dressing-table strewn with feminine trifles. ' Oan this have been my mother's cham ber ?' the girl wonders. Sbe approaches the table to select some little Bouvenir from the faded toys, when a sudden sound, a mesmeric sense of some near presonoe, thrills her with deadly terror. Sbo turns round, just in time to see an on poaito door swing cautiously open and a foe* peer through tbo aporturc. Ap awful faoO it seems to the terrified girl, white and spec tral, with a beard flowing down like a frosty cloud. Ono Wild, wide-eyed glance, and then with a ahriek of mortal fear Lsnoro flies out of the chamber and down the resounding stairs, ' ? ' Stop, stop t I'm not mad, my beautiful maiden ; I won't hurt you,' calls a gentle, musical voice. But if Miss Trevothon hears she doaa not heed. Sbo flies downward with headlong speed until sho reaches the terrace below there she pauses and and reels giddily for an instant. Her ovqr-taxed powers fail her, and with a second terrified cry sbo falls down upon the moBsy flag-Btones in a death like swoon. CHAPTER VI. AN ILL-STARRED. MEETING. When Miss Trevethon awoke from he? trance of terror the sun was quite down, nnd the silvery jnist of a Septembor twilight hung over the dark old manor. She lay where Bhe bad fallen on the damp stones of the terrace, and it was some timo: before she could collect her senses suQicicntiv to remember what had happened, or where sho was..,. When she did fully remember, all her wild terror was revived, and Bhe scrambled to her feet, and went scudding across the grounds like a hunted hare. Beyond the great gate she paused, and yen* tared to look back. , ; The sun was down, but all the west was in ~a flame of crimson fire, while over the blue peaks of the Highland hills a golden harvest moon was rising. Every window in the .old manor, every gray turrot, was gilded with reflected light. Lonore gazed upward, experiencing a' feeU ing of admiration despite ber terror; but while she gazed a turret window was thro wn open, and that same awful faco looked ouU. A phantom hand slowly beckoned her, and that same, luring, musical voice called out again, ' Pretty maiden, no need to run away s this house is mine, and you are welcome. I am not mad, as thoy tell you 1' At any other time tho girl's brave blood would bave BUBtnined her : but wearied and unnerved as Bhe was, she succumbed to the terror that assailed her ; naver dreaming that anything short of some awful super natural presence was looking down upon her; She turned and fled, as if for her very life. ' Olotilde was right,' sho murmured, as she ran along ; ' I should never have comel' She had gone about a mile perhapB, when she began to feel doubtful about her ability to keep tho right path. She paused, and glanced about her, hoping to see some human habitation. Alas I thera was. none in sight. By this time the sun had gone down, and tho moon was bathing the earth with its silvev radiance. While sho stood irresolute, a footstep sounded behind her. Sho turned swiftly, and faced a man, with his hat in his . hand, and a cigar between bis lips. A tall, dark, and rather handsome porson he looked in the moonlight. Lenore decided to ad dress him. ' If you please, sir,' she said, as he ap proached her, ' I am trying to reach Pied mont station, and I feel somewhat donbtful -whether I am on the right course. Will you havo the kindness — ' ' Now that it jolly,' tho stranger inter rupted, in a harsh, familiar voice. ' Pied mont station — the very confounded placa I'm in search of I Como, my dear, you are too pretty to be. wandering alone at this hour, bo we'll bear each other company. Give mo your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or somo other place.' Ho advanced quite close, and attempted to take her band ; his breath, reoklng with brandy, coming hot upon her cheek. . Lenore drew back in disgust and anger. ' Thank you, sir, but I have no desiro for your company ; I merely thought you would bo civil enough to direct me which way to go.. Let mo pass I' . But he planted himself beforo her like a wall. Her blue oyes began to flash liko steel, and tbe rich color leaped to her white cheeks, She had fled from what she believed to bo in apparation, but she had no fear of mortal cuan. ' Lot mo pass, sir ;' she repeated, her, im- perious voice ringing liko a buglo. ' Let you pass?' tbe man repeatod, catch- ing at her hand again. ' Why, what d'ya take me for 1 What's a pretty 'oreaturo like you strolling about at this hour for, it not in ?uest of company ? Arid' I'm good company, am. Come, now, give us a kiss, and taka my arm, and we'll jog along together as jolly kb you please I' ' , , ? , A Buddon Bensn of her thoughtless in discretion in putting horsolf In suoh a questionable position, smote Lenore, but sho felt no fear. 1 ' Will you lot mo pass, sir?' she again re peated. ; ... . For answer, the man seized her loft arm, and drew her closo to his aide, and bonding over her, made an effort to pollute her cheek by contact with his lips. She did not cry out or even struggle, but her bluo eyes darkened until they looked almost black. in. the moonlight, and she put her right hand to her bosom. Tho next instant, something bright flashed out like a gleam of lightning, and tha man releasing hiB hold, staggered back with'aloud cry. Why, what's this? What are you doing IV demanded a resonant voice. Miss Trevothon turned quietly to meet this new- comer, returning tho slender dagger to her bosom, as she did so. It was a curious, coBtly little toy, that had beon in her family for agoB, and it wag Lenoro's habit to carry it about hsr person, v . - i tO BI COHT1NDZD. 4 