THE PDISONER. We cannot be more than eight hun dred miles from Rio de Janeiro. But it is four months and a day since we left there. The second week out we struck some wreckage, and stripped the blades off our propeller, besides fracturing the shaft. I do not believe we moved two miles in any direction after that. But worse was to come. One day, what we imagined was yel low fever broke out amongst us. First, Ferrand, the chief engineer,.died. Then one after the other the ofilcers.succumb ed. Our doctor, a guest of the Marquis de la Forestler and myself, ha4 lie bound, when" we lecs our, scre?5 nn struck this windlass belt'and were b6ar ded by Death. -One morning, at break fast, tile marquis himself was alken II" At noon, my friend and old schoolfellow died'in my arms. No suspicion had any of us that it was aught but fever.' The symptoms were exactly as we had heard when ashore-excessive retching, agon ised spasms, death. Alas! we hadýno doctor, and, amongst us all, no medical knowledge! And It was calm-always calm. And we lay and sweltered motionless. And at short intervals men died. The offi cers were all gone. Then in one day five of the sailors died-live, do you un derstand?-one after the other. The survisors, wild with fear, declared that La Pucelle was accursed, doomed to rot where she lay. And, seizing two of the hoats, they pulled away. They implored us to Join them. But we preferred to stay and take our chance. There had been no deaths for twenty-four hours. So they went. On board were now left only myself., Jean d'Auvergne, better known as the Baron de Clichy; my friend, Antoine de Ceyenne, Sieur de Eeaupere, and the steward, a'native of AJacclo in Corsica, who also refused to leave the ship. Evidently" the plague had ceased. But week after week iwe lay like a log in the sun's eye; night after night, and day by day, and hour by hour, did we pray and watch for wind to fill our little calls, and at least take us from amidst the graves of our dead shipmates, the monsters who never ceased to swim about in.the-stagnant water, watching for more victims. .And ever the calm stood, and 40o save our selves from madness, we worked hard at cleaning and scraping and painting the vessel. For some time the steward had been acting in a strange and most of fensive manner, insisting, amongst other things, that, as. we were now all equal, he should take his meals with us in the cabin. Naturally, we re sisted this innovation. One day, words waxed hot between himsolf and An toine. De Cevenne struck him. His threats were awful. "Ferrafd struck me once!" he concluded, ___Whret?iL Ferrand now? -Where are they all, my accursed masters?" Then a horrid sus picion came into my mind, and I deter mined to watch him closely for at least the next twenty-four hours. But such a length was unnecessary. Washing the blood from his face, he went straight to his pantry. Stealthily I fol lowed, and saw him take a square class bottle from one of the shelves. Holding it up.to the light, ho grinncd,,t8~p l.mut .tered to hlmself-in Italian--"Fool that I was to spare them! Soon shall the fever return! Then there will be but one master on La Pucelle!" With a shout to Antoine in the saloon, the next.minute I had the miscreant, by the throat. He fought like a fury. But we mastered him. The bottle con tained arsenic stolen from the dispen ar -H.ohiad-not even the 'excu of bound, we carried him on decl, he boasted, in a matter-of-fact, cold-blood ed fashion, of the revenge he had taken. And he. told us, too, that.he had but spared us for a short time longer be cause of the pleasure it. gave him to feel the sense of absolute power over the last of his former masters-a pos session he was loth to part with. "But the poor seamen, with whom you had nothing to do?" queried. Antoine, in a voice of horror. "The lust to kill comes by killing," replied the wretch with a laugh. And he would speak no more. Indeed, he had but little, time. Far more merciful than he had been, we hurled him overboard. The next mInute the watchers took him, leaving only a red stain on the still water, to show the end of the wholcsale murderer. And now the ship became utterly in supportable. At every turn we met the ghosts of our poor poisoned friends. Strangely enough, before this know ledge no such .thoughts had ever troub led us. Now Martel the captain, Fer rand the engineer, bluff old Joyeuse the mate, the marquis, and many others, hovered around us, all with distorted faces and despairing gestures, their Manes still unappeased. To-day we take the larger of the two remaining boats. Of provisions and water we have an ample supply. Farewell, unknown reader! Perhaps, ere this meets your eye, we may have joined our friends over yonder. But we trust in the good God hand the saints, and, more than all, in our luck. Once more, adieu!-"Pub lie Opinion." 