BOOKLAND. BRIEF REVIEWS. The Doctor's Double, ail AnKlo-Aua- trallan onatlon.by Nat Gould. London, George Houtledge and Sons Limited. A powerfully told interesting tale.ln which ' the reader's attention is so strongly re tained from the opening to the closing lines that few who take up the oook xwii be Inclined to lay It down until the story has been flni.shed. Mr Gould has been heretofore known as a writer of sporting novels, so that the title may lead some to the belief that this Is another of the same kind. The Doctor's Double, how- : ever, haa nothing to do with the turf, but Is an insane twin brother, who has also studied medicine, so like the Doctor that one cannot be distinguished from the other. Tho Insane brother escapes from the surveillance under which he Is placed, and. with the cunning of mad ness, chloroforms tho Doctor, arraying himself In the latter's clothes, and Placing his own discarded garments on ihr- «ane doctor, who is locked up as the insane brother. The latter poscs ns the sar.e doctor, nnd. as such, coming to Australia, and making love to tho wo- mnn whom the doctor was to marry. Finally, tho brothers "loot In Sydney, and tho mtthor. In a poworfnlly "Tit- ten chapter of etrnnK human interest. describes Ibis the latter portion of which the worn, present, and -Invited to choose between thorn. For tho result of tills cll"l=0JJe must refer tho.reador to tho hook Itself, as any Information wo itivo would slm- idy tend to decrease tho dcaxnre and So interest nt the reader In this ; admlr- ably tvorked-out and Intensely Interest Ing story.. A. Drldo F.lect. by Thoo. Doustlna, Don- don. M'.MUIan and Co., limited. A weird story of the present day. the cen tral point of which Is tho mysterious dis appearance on tho eve of her nmndaite of a younc woman from her fathet s parsonage, she havlna simply none from one room to another to get nome papers. A prominent lllture in the story Is one Mr Ili-iUvorth, an alchemist, a pcr who tines the crystal, and Is thus able to realise what is going on about him, a reader of other people's thoughts, a mes merist. nnd though highly cultured gen erally an uncanny Individual, with strunge views of the borderland beyond the grave. The story Is occasionally told with great power, and then again with much drcarlncsn nnd circumlocution. Mr Itcd worth's strange views are occasion ally dealt with at considerable length, and his peculiar theories, though more or les3 discussed at present, will be found of v«-ry little Interest to the general reader of novels. Thus, on one ocetudnn alluding tn the missing girl wtto.-e "ghost" (though the author would upurn the won!) had latterly been seen, the strange Mr Itedworth say-:— "I havo felt her presence, it seems to thrill the air qbout me but she with holds herself from right and touch. There Is a harrier I must break down. "The true alchemist," he went on, "has open to him two spheres, the phy sical and the celestial; but If he would tread tho higher way ho must utterly put from him all advantage of tho In ferior. not serving God and Mammon. I must nullify my work of forty years, my dreams of worldly eminence, of advan tage and renown; but that is a small matter. Aiverius Vcrlctts, an older writer than Paracelsus, describes the successive steps of initiation, and the chemical compound whereby, in conjunc tion with certain abstinences, the neces sary condition of body Is attained. The llrst Is termed the Threshold, and the In itiate cutters with the figure of a drawn sword against the Klcmental shapes; but here the danger Js only to the resolution of the inner man; the union with morta lity Is not threatened. The second step is the Vestibule; here the emblem is changed to a smoking torch, and ho sees, but as In a glass darkly. In this the clanger Is but slightly increased; but the Initiate Is warned to test his powers of hcxly nnd soul before advancing lo the Presence ChnmlKr xvhorc wo see face In face. Tho behest Is that he should set his affairs in order and depart »« one that coineth not again. Tet many of the masters havo dwelt In the Presence Chamber, and gone in and out from the ways of tho world, beholding when they would their soul's desire. It Is possible she may come to me on the threshold; that the dimness of the vestibule may not divide us; but If needful I shnll ad vance to full Initiation where success is certain." "What the average novel render will make out of this It Is difficult to say. In working out the cause of the mysterious disappearance of tho young woman the interest of tho reader Is kept lo the high est tension, though he, or she, is occa sionally confronted with snags similar to that abuvc quoted. Our "Widow, by Florence "Warden. Dell's Indian and Colonial Library— Mel bourne, George Jtobortson and Co.— A spiritedly-told story of the lives of three motherless society girls, whose austere father, so much engaged, allows thein to grow up decidedly unconventional. They scorn the Idea of being young la dles. and simply profess to be what they are known as, the Frcwen girls. One Is engaged to be married to an elderly roue and blackleg, another Is In love with a married man, not knowing hint to be married, aand the third makes t lie acquaintance of an unknown Indivi dual, who, however, turns out to be very different from wlmt he is supposed to be. The future of each of the three looks decidedly unpromising. Finally, nil comes well, mainly through the clearheadedness anil klndheartcdncss of the widow, against whom two at iciest of the girls are full of suspicions, and whose conduct nt the time lends Itself to misconstruction. The mystery of this decidedly mysterious person Increases ns the story develops. The plot Is very skilfully, unfolded, tho Interest of the reader In each of the three girls and his anxiety lo ascertain nil about our widow being maintained to the end. The dialogue generally lo spiritedly written. Tho views of Mr Brown, who, hy the way, turns out to bo a perron of some Importance., will probably be endorsed by some nnd repudiated by other. read- One of tho girls snya. "That's misty again. Don't you think women, appre ciate sincerity?" Mr Brown; "They appreciate nothing oo little, I think. Otherwise, why should their Influence be ruin to the most up right men, turning straightforward men into Unrs, aud honest men Into thieves." "Lindsay's Girl." by Mrs Herbert Mar tin. Macmlllan's Colonial Library. Mel bourne : George Robertson and Co.. A powerful story sketching the light and shade In the life of an Illegitimate daughter allowed to grow up without knowledge of her actual position. Her somewhat wild and wholly unconven tional travelling from time to time leads her Into difficulties which one more ac quainted with tho world and its ways would have avoided. How this girl develops from the pas sionate, selfish creature, whose ruin seems certain. lnt/> the model wife and mother. Is well told. After the young lady, the most conspicuous character In that of the unselfish, kindly Lord St. George,, who, as Mr St. George, devotes himself to the service of the poor, and who considers it to be "a misfortune to be .the son and heir or an earl, and who would have much preferred to have been one of the people, for he was an ad vanced radical. steeped to the life in that modern passion fur humanity which is so characteristic of our day." In marked contrast is the father of Valentine Lind say. a selfish sensualist, not, however, without some good qualities, who says to his friend St. George. "Let tho canaille alone. They won't rise; they don't care to rise. They only want their beef and beer at your expense. V.'hy should you devote yourself to people simply because thoy are Insolent, lllthy, ignorant, and generally degraded?" St George will not admit the truth of this description, quietly replying, "They are not. na a rule. They are only miserable." But there Is but little of this. "Lindsay's Girl" not being a novel with a purpose tw? this Is generally understood. 