n, BREVITIES.; r IT- -.The released prisoners at Pretoria bave ...Acknowledged President Krugcr's efforts to . . .their ^ehalf , by visiting and -cheering hlm.i r. . Vj M* , J, . Bays Hammond has been released ( . on ' parble la order that he might Visit bis 'dying wife;' Hri' . 'The'Boers Will decide next week whether ' ' -to further redoce the Sentences of the leaders of the Band revolution. --. , ? Dr^avhandWr-C. H. Simmon. vVin m. 1 r fused to sign the petition for clemency, arc to be'detalnod in gaoL, \- Barney Barnato has promised to pay several of the £2000 fines. President Kroger denies the statement ! ?,v . that aii anil-English aliiaeoe was contem-'l plated by the Boers. I The Chinese Government has engaged a I , 'f German officer and staff to re organise the way* .1 A number of Moslem students In Cairo j filotodtbe doorsoftbclr school against the] officials visiting the inslitntion to prevent ] ? . the cholera from spreading, and stoned the . governor of the school for admitting the police* , ' The new Irish Education Bill is regarded i'' 'as indanger owlng to the opposition of the Soman Catholic Bishops. 'It Is stated that B600 people were tilled in the Moscow catastrophe, and that 1200 others were injured, nearly all fatally* Queen Victoria has cablcd her profound sympathy with the Russians in their great distress. The Bev. Thos. Horton, the oldest clergy man In the dioccse of Sydney, is dead, aged 88. Lord Blchard Nevill, who met with an .accident on Saturday in Melbourne, is re* covering. B.B. Meagher's name is to be etrnckoff \- - the^roll of N.8.W. solicitors for his conduct £? In connection with the Bean case. Another attempt is to be made to recover the gold from the wreck of the M. Oatter thnn when the weather moderates. A deputation of the wives of the Sydney unemployed waited on the Premier of New South Wales yesterday, . Several told a most sorrowful story of the straits they had been put to to secure food. The PremlcT took the names of these women, and promised to grant £2000, in addition to an equal amount allowed the Benevolent Asylum for such cases. For 'the next Melbourne Cup 187 horses ' 'have been entered, and 198 for the Caulfield Cup.' i The harbor master baa untreated the erection of on-shore bcacous, to indncc vessels navigating the Tamar to keep one track. The tfi tct would bo a material benefit, and the Marice Board will probably carry out tfae suggestion. Mr Jas. Co* Intends to contest the West* bury scat in the Assembly against Mr Thos* Beibey, M.H.A.. at the next election. About 60 heads of water have been ap plied for by a Hobart man at the Colum bia Falls, St. Helen's, for electric purposes. The object is said to be to cod rev elrc* triclty to Mathinna for dairy machinery, and tor the future lighting of the town. Up to date tbe Waratah branch of the National Bank has purchased £16,684 worth of gold. The committee appointed to obtain infor mation about the Wsr&tah-Coriona; road, and the prqspccts of the district, report that Many valuable properties discovered in the district lie dormant because of their inaccessibility. The English mails which lift Tasmania on April 27 arrived at London on May SI— 34 days. Mr Wragge predicts for to-day^Olondy, 'cE?? *nd frosty weather, with variable winds and moderate sea. The Benevolent Society yesterday ap pointed a sub-committee to dt«l with some alleged shortcomings in the supply of tea for the asvlnm. The Mayor of ^Hobart is confined to his « bed, and Is In a precarions condition. Delegates to the Town Boards Conference will sot be granted free railway passes. « Tbe Hobart Democratic Club has added another plank to its platform— to impress upon the Government and people the beet salty of undertaking such reproductive ! works as will absorb tbe unemployed in the , colony. At the Hobart Pollcs Court yesterday George Thomas Cooper pleaded guilty and was fined for having maliciously damaged a drum, the property of Her Majesty's Government The Hobart u ghost' is still at large, much to the discamdturc of women and children, several cf whom have suffered in health from their fright. The Speaker (Mr Bird) has been delegated to nominate a candidate as Clerk of tbe House of Assembly. As Parliament meets early next month a selection will probably be made at once, i AI1W' ?IrfMUUU. BU BPTUIWIJ Bb Wynyard on Sunday that she died soon after. B. M. M'Donald, a laborer, committed suicide at Ealgoorlic on Friday while in a despondent frame of mind. Mr 8. Wileoo, foreman of Frcnch and Son of Beachport, Adelaide, was coupling rail way trucks on Friday morning when some long pleccs of timber overhanging one truck jammed his head against another truck, causing instant death. Deceased left a wife and large family. Owing to tbe tick plague having killed : nearly tbe whole of the dairy cattle in tbe neighborhood of Townsvillc, Queensland, the consumption of tinned milk and im ported butter has increased to an extraordi nary extent. Many people are ueiog goat's milk, and goats are consequently becoming valuable. From Tombarumba it is reported that Michael Glecson, whose parents reside at ' OhUlcrn, was drowned on Thursday in cross ing the river at Cobarceling. The boat snagged and capsi&ed.; Deceased, who had been mining on Adginbilly Creek, had a small box in the boat, and in trying to Bave this ho left his chance to hold on to a snag and sank* An inquest at Bolgandra, N.S.W., on Carl Bbel. 70 years old, found hanging at his hut Af. 4 Vic. crnM fifilri rm in a verdict of suicide while temporarily in sane. DeoeAscd was found by a boy who wae sent to tbe hut with food. He bad cbmpJalned y of illness, but displayed no euioidAl tcncen cies. \- The Chief Justice of Queensland, Sir £amnel Griffith, as president of the Univer sity extension movement will next week deliver the presidential address tor the year on Federation. The Queensland Toyal commission on the Local Government Aot Eat again on Friday. Mr n. Blder, Under-Colonial Secretary, was examined at length with regard to the administration of the Act by his depart ment. Mr P« B. Gordon, Chief Inspector of Stock, also gave evidence, and said he thought local bodies should bavc tbe power to destroy cancerous cattle. » The first lot of cattle at Ingham, Queens land, was to be paUhrough tbe tick dip ou Saturday. Tbe weather was still cold, and the ticks apparently dreTeaEing, although tho mortality amongst cattle between here and ? Stone Biver k«?pt heavy, 