THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM. [By the Author of ''Paulina Lisle,'' ''Katherie's Vengeance,'' Etc.] CHAPTER XXV— (Continued.) She stands before her, her dark eyes flashing, her dark face eloquent with outraged pride. As a piece of acting, the pose, the look, were admirable. When she said she would have played Lady Teazle better than poor Dolly De Courcy, there can be no doubt she spoke the truth. ''Then it is all false--all ? You own to having gone out of the window to meet this young man ?'' says Miss Miss Dormer, checking off the indictments on skinny fingers, ''to having met him at the Delamere's, and at the Fogarty woman's ? You own to having come upon him by accident in New York, and ridden with him in a street-car? But he never was your lover, and he is not your husband. You never lived with him for a week in a New York hotel ? That is how the case stands-?'' Cyrilla bows her face pale, her eyes black, her form erect, her look indignant. ''You see I want to make things, clear,'' con- tinues Miss Dormer, apologetically ; ''my time may be short,'' a spasm convulses her face ; ''and a good deal depends on it. Mr. McKelpin will be here next week, and your innocence must be proven before he returns. I would rather believe these women false than you. You will not mind denying all this in their presence, I suppose, Niece Cyrilla '' Certainly not, Aunt Dormer,'' ''Then I think that will do. I am tired with all this talking. Sit down there, and take that book, and read me to sleep.'' Cyrilla obeys. Her heart is beating in loud, muffled throbs, she feels sick and cold, a loathing of herself fills her. But she will not go back— on the dark road she is treading there seems no going back. At noon the doctor comes, and Cyrilla quits the sick-room for a breathing spell. In that interval the doctor receives from his patient a message for the Fogarty woman. She is to wait upon Miss Dormer, with her friend, Miss Jones, at five o'clock. She also dictates a note to a third person, which the obliging physician undertakes to deliver. Miss Dormer keeps her niece under her eyes until about half-past four in the afternoon. Then she dispatches her to the druggist's, with orders to be back precisely at five. Cyrilla is glad to go out, glad to breathe the fresh, clear air. The walk is long, she hurries fast, gets what she wants, and hurries back. But, in spite of her haste, it is ten minutes past five when she lets herself in, and runs up to her aunt's chamber. She flings open the door and enters hastily. ''The druggist kept me some time waiting while he-------'' She has got this far when she breaks off, and the sentence is never finished. Her eyes have grown accustomed to the dusk of the room, and she sees sitting there, side by side, her two mutual foes— Mrs. Fogarty and Miss Jones. ''You know these two ladies, Niece Cyrilla ?'' says the shrill, piping voice of Miss Dormer. Cyrilla stands before them, her black eyes flashing —yes, literally and actually seaming to flash fire. Mrs. Fogarty's gaze sinks ; but Miss Jones, the better hater of the two, meets with her light, sinister orbs, that look of black fury. ''It is my misfortune, Aunt Dormer,'' says Cyrilla, in a ringing voice,' 'to have known them once. I know them no more, except as slanderers and traducers !'' The strong English words flash like bullets. For a moment they, with truth on their side, flinch and quail. It is a pugilistic encounter a la mort, and the first blood is for Cyrilla. ''Ha ! well put !'' says Miss Dormer, a gleam of something like admiration in the look she gives her niece. ''Whatever else the Hendricks lacked, they never lacked pluck, right or wrong. Open the shutters, my dear, and let in the light on this business.'' ''It is the first time in all her life that Miss Dormer has called the girl ''my dear.'' Cyrilla stoops over her and, for the third time in her life, kisses her. ''Do not believe their falsehoods, Aunt Phil,'' she cries, passionately.''I am your niece — your own flesh and blood. They hate me, both of them. They have laid this plot to ruin me. Do not let them do it.'' ''Prove them false, and they shall not,'' Miss Dormer answers, her old eyes kindling with almost a kindly gleam. ''You are my own flesh and blood, as you say, and blood is thicker than water. Open the shutters and raise me up.'' She is obeyed. It is to be a dual to the death. Every nerve in the girl's body is braced ; she will slop at nothing— at nothing, to defeat these two. A ray of amber sunset comes in ; over the thousand metal roofs and shining crosses of Montreal the May sun is setting. Miss Dormer is propped up, and looks for a moment wistfully out at that lovely light in the sky — the last sunset she will ever see, ''It is a highly dramatic scene — the death- room, the two accusers sitting aide by side, the culprit; standing erect, her haughty head thrown back, her eyes afire, her red lips one rigid line, her hands unconsciously clenched. ''Niece Cyrilla, there is a Bible yonder on the table. Hand it here.'' It is given. Miss Dormer opens it, and takes out a folded paper, ''Niece Cyrilla, look,'' she says, and holds it up. It is my will ; Last night while you slept I sent for my lawyer and made it. It bequeaths every thing— every thing— to Donald McKelpin. It does not leave you a penny. If I die without a will all is yours, as you know. Prove these two ladies wrong in what they have come here to accuse you of, and I will give you this paper to burn or destroy, as you think fit, and my solemn promise to make no other. A gleam like dark lightning leaps from Cyrllla's eyes. Prove them wrong ! What is there that she will stop at to prove them wrong ? ''My niece Cyrilla,'' goes on the sick woman, turning to Miss Jones, ''admits that she stole out of her room to meet this officer one night in the school garden. She admits,'' looking at Mrs. Fogarty, ''having met him at your house and at Mrs. Delamere's. She admits,'' glancing again at Miss Jones, ''having encountered him by accident in New York, and riding with him a short distance in the street cars. But all else she denies-positively and totally denies. Mr. Carew is not her lover, is not and never will be her husband. She is to marry Mr. D0nald McKelpin next week. Now, which am I to believe--my niece, ladies, or you ?'' ''Your niece is a most accomplished actress, madame,'' says the saw-like voice of Miss Jones. ''She can tell you a deliberate falsehood and look you straight in the face while telling it. She may not be Mr. Carew's wife — all the worse for Mr. McKelpin if she is not, for she certainly lived with Mr. Carew, as Mrs. Carew, in New York for a whole week. I saw them enter the hotel together. I inquired of the clerk, and he told me they had been there together five days as man and wife.'' ''Niece Cyrilla?'' says Miss Dormer, what have you to say to this this ?'' ''Nothing to her,'' replied Cyrilla ; ''to you, I say it is false— totally false! a fabrication from beginning to end!'' ''Let us call another witness,'' says Miss Dormer, ''since we don't seem able to agree. Open that door, Mrs. Fogarty, and ask the gentleman to walk in.'' The widow arises and does as she is told, and for the first time Cyrilla starts and blanches--for there enters Fred Carew ! She turns blind for an instant--blind, faint, sick ! All her strength seems to go. She gives an involuntary gasp, her eyes dilate, she grasps a chair-back for support ; then she sees the exultant faces of her enemies, and she rallies to the strife again. No, no, no ! they shall not exult in her fall ! Fred Carew advances to the side of the bed nearest the door. Cyrilla stands directly opposite. He looks at her, but her eyes are upon her aunt. He nods coldly to Mrs. Fogarty, and addresses himself to the mistress of the house. ''You sent for me, madame ?'' he briefly says. She looks at him, a strange expression on her face. ''I am going to see a ghost,'' she had said to her niece. Surely is it like seeing a ghost to see another Frederic Carew, with the same blood in his veins, the same look in his eyes, at her bedside after five and twenty years. (To be continued.) 