SPORTING NOTES. [By Tarqctn-.j Looking at the results of last Saturday's racing on the Old Courss one may easily wonder how it was ho did uot back all tbe winners. . It can bo &een; now that on paper an tnoso wiucn were successful nu-i cnancus kui ficiently good to warnuit support, with per haps the exception of Iluree, whose credentials wero not of the highest order ; but it is easier to be wiser after the evcut than before, and doubtless there were as many who balanced up on tbe afternoon oa tho wrung side of . the ledgor as on the right Pino weather mate rially assisted to make the inaugural fixture of Hie new year a success, and in spite of tbo increased stakes subscribed by the A.R.C. their Secretary's financial statement will show another profit Tha Stewards were not called together, though it was remarked then* was ono caso which might have required in vesti- gatiug. Owing to tho dull light the hordes in the last race of tho afternoon were not va.y plainly discernible on the fur side of the course except by those with powerful glosses, and it was pointed out that thu patrons of tlio club would uot have had to complain on this score had a commencement of tiiu prugramuie been uiado at 1 o'clock. '. - Welter Handicaps ' aro dicidedly [.opular in Adelaide, and u u- litthcr surprising that our cjubs do noc more often inciudu ono in their bills of f re. No le&s.th;&u; uiuotuca caudidatcts ranged themselves before Mr. Cornelius on Saturday afternoon in the opening event, and oi thtae Supposition had a slight call, fciue was re ported to have tit-id tier own with Foliage and Nomadic on tha track at Moi-pUetivil.e, r.ud us tho opposirion tsbe wns encountering here was uot of tho utrongest it was thought she would Ijo equal to scoring. How she would have fared had .sho gut o;i the mark on favour aulo terms can only bo conjectured, but as it was sho was one of tho laso to. leave, and she ebuld not make up her lost ground. SUifa, too, was. another who wns handicapped at tho start, but he might nearly have won had he boon more judiciously handled. Everett, ?howevor, d;u!,cl him through his field going aloug the back, and he waa actually in front ou tho hill enter ing thj: straight Ho l-attJcd on well, biit tho cliort was too much to ask of him, and he was comfortably beaten iu tlio laat, furlong by Iluree, while ho lud also 10 give way to Nackara, who came on the scene with a late nin. Mr. Waiiuis ctegervvd a win with Iluree for tho patience Uo has displayed with tho gelding. It was exactly three years sjir.ee bo won tho WcKor Handicap at the same meeting. Soon after scoring in this race ho injured hid olf hitvd pastern bo badly that ho had to ba turned out, aud he enjoyed a *pcK for twelve mun:bi- in tlio \Veetuuf.;a paddouics. Ou lurh.g brought in again bo was proparcd for Tattcriall'a October Cup, but ho puller! up very lamp two days before tho race, and he was in retirement tor another twelve months. His next appcirautu in public was iu tho Selling lUco at the A.K.U. iiirrhday Minting wou by i-'uud. Though Black Flag held his placo in the market tor the Grand National Hurdle .Race, ho did not itavtt oif such a warm fa vourito as hs was expected' to. This w:u owing to tbe strong sapjioi-t RccorJul' to Convcn tionei', wha found fresh friends wh'.-n ho w;is stripped. His truiucr *bad him in capita! coiulition, ;iuiJ those eounecutl with him did uoi scoui iu the- lca?t to tear Black Flag. It is, fortunate, however, far the baukvrs of tho ifourh-iut'tern horse that tho Victorian was present'. Had lie not taken part in the contest Coiivcntioucr would not have paid more thau i' tu 1. Not very much danger «vas anticipated from l':it!ur.son 011 this occa sion, us .luck Sjjrut Wiu decidedly :.ore, anil it had Ijoen founJ nocc^#.'U-y to ease jla li.int in his work. Ensign win lia;-lly ready, but the Morpliottvilia division sor»-ji.v!iat fruicL-d Tha Golden King. Ho far as the Aetna: rairo w:is concerned, it cuti bttt. i« dcsorilwd by saying that Black '.'Flag's defeat viw pro claimed a liiilo from humo, aud that At tho seven furion-,-n ' tho only ones with,' a pissiblo chancd wwo Nalpa, Fioodliird, and Conventioucr. Nalpa at thi« stage w:l-; going so titron^ly that bi-- friend* ttioti^ht he would score, but wheti the other pair raw up lo him 0:1 the lull it did not require very strong gladscs to obwrvo that, Iwr accid'jnts, Con ventiom'r .would win. Floodbird stuck to tho chestnut pluckily, but ho w.vt no match for him ci 1 her in pat-eor in juiupiuj,-, ami ii may saftly bti said that the winner i\ 0110 of the best hurdloitieers wo havo had for r.oine rnaa Black Flag gained third hououra, but it was onlv ou suiivirance, nnd of tho others Tho Golden King, who fenced badly in tho early part of the contest, &hapvd; the best Thu Goose appeared to bu travelling nicely when lie come to grief, bur Hawlock cut a sorry Jgure; Tberacecoil .Mr. Mulrose RaJiant, tho grey receiving tuch severe injurios as to carjio his death. It does not appear very clear how ltiKiiant mot with his accident, but it is bylieveJ bo came into cotitact \\.it;i a j;o*.t with such force that his whole hip wm Mnathed in, aud a jxwt-nioryiin examination revealed that tho cause of his de.-uh. It- i» real hard lu?kforMr. Melrose that he shoulil Imvcbten doprived of the services of so valuable a, 'horse as lladiant hail proved himsoif. Tho grey was a first-class jumper. possessing plenty of pace, and had ho stood his picpanttion for last Saturday's raw all right ho would have deputed favouritism with Black Flag and Conveationt.r. Ho was reported to have been equally a» clever over st-eeplcchaso fences as he was over the smaller .iticlis, and it was Cue intention of hi.s owner to have meed him over tho juiiijM Later on. Mr. Meh-ose, however, does not intend to allow his loss to stop his racing, nnd [ a in pleased to say that we .shall ecu the bluo in.ifjon t-ash and blue cap again at- no dinUint duto. These colours will- in all probability be can-ied next time by Tho Scar by Ivobin iicoti, who is to be given tc Patter son to prepare. Curtin, who _w:is on K&di.tnt; on Saturday, mts h-i was g'Hiig capitdly.it tho timo of his incident, ami he did. no: despair of riding him iu a ' winner iV.i- the fourth time in succv&diun.; There shouM Iw nit ir.onor-fj3j- in hor?/.1 racing, but it c -rtainly (Joes seem 'to v.xkt in conniption with the Fnlhani Park Plate, and without any blaino l-eing allributablo to the Handjcapi^r. C. Quinn npixiiia :o have a very heavy mortgage over tbo race, as during tha last seven yean I'oou is tlio only jockey who has been ablu to' wrust the pri::o from him. Is it that the Plyinpton trainttr is Letiur qualified to ride tho youugsters, or is it tliat tiioso he pilots aro superior animals? Perhaps both, but in tha ca.s« of the latest Fulham ParkPUtcit is quite certain that fur sncu.-d Security stood out head and lihouldere Him ve those opposed to him. Noi hing whatever had a chance with hiai from the rising of tbe barrier, and .had Quinn chosen the timo could, 1-tjiuik, havo been audeeinalto Kagamulhns. It is a pity that Tali^in jumped bicicfroni vim ropes when the word 'Go' was given, as Mr. ?Tames preferred him to Lord Salisbury, but ho would require to have been -considerably better than hi* stable companion to have over thrown tho winner. If hi; is a-i good as rr.partcd he should ba fnncied on Saturday, i3 ht me-jts Security on no le-s than W tl-. better terms. Of tho iivo-v-.-ar-oldn wiiich starred in tho Ful ha»n Park lviato, I should say lu\spo;id will Iw found the most Miscuptible of improvement in time. Security's success: should '?-* encourag ing to Mr. H. t-. R-irnaril. whoiA colours were being carried for tho lii-t time, and it wu wurthv of note thai Mr. \V. A. Bli-.'.-kltir aUo started his rarevr aa'aii owner with a victory. Rvfurring 10 .Port ' Admiral's' win, ii may fairlv be.-et dotrn .ik a ? meritorioim one, as ho fini.ihed - in UU very Iwst style, aud it was a treat to watch him shaku off tho desperate cliallvngo Toon made ou Kirkbv. Tho brother to Portsca run more prominently than W113' generally, anticipated under ht.i in 4iva«ed intpost. aud those who pinned their faith to him just piiss-ed ix-'ing rewarded with the tidy little dividend of £13 odd. a splendid C rice in such a field. Port Admiral & price, y-tbe-way, was not a had one. thanks to tho support accorded to Viking, MacKara, ruul Foliage's stable companion, Supposition. Viking was prominent for ' a mile, but he took no part in the final struggle. After Staffa's display at the big autumn uicet iugs, it was only a question of time asto when he would score. Many thought that it would be a little later on, but he had dono so well tinea he had l-een under the care of F. Bailey that his friends were in a position to put the money down foruira qti Saturdav.His meri torious performance in the Welter Handicap under adve«ecircumstanecscaused him to be enquired after, for tho Lightning ilaadicap. and he carried a; fair amount of metal. Hero again he was one of the last to leave the post and hs was not seen until tho distance, when Rogers brought him with a brilliant run, and being fortunate enough to get an inside berth he caught My Novel and beat her by a length. lJy-thc-wjiy, I understand that Staffa too is owned by a new racing man,- and so many. , successes will , doubtless encourage others. Donbloon showed a lot of pace, and he should be troublesome in the Selliup Race on the second day. Ypunjr Lucifer has di«played a bold front in several hteepleehasts uutil he hascomy to pricf, but on Saturday he ^ot round without a mistake, with the remit that ho won. The favourite. 'Korke's Drift, nut himself out or coart by clouting a fenco in front of the Grand Stand heavily, hut under any circum stances he could not havo given Young Lucifer 401b. . . ; : '? ?:....' Mr. Da\\-id James tells me that Auraria is doing splendidly ' in his paddocks near Kapunda. She is quito sound, and wo shall probably find her competing in the weightfor age wonts at our next big autumn meetings. The A.R.CV Grand National Meeting will be concluded on the Old Courso on Saturday afternoon. Tbe Soiling Rucb would have' read a pretty good thing for Doubloon after his Lightning Handicap performance hod his owner taken advantage* of his full allowance by entering him to bo sold for nil instead of for £10, but even with 7 at. 11 lb. bo will nearly win. If Wabino runs as well as she did in the Trial Stakes at TattarsaU's Meeting she will havo to \xi reckoned with, and so wiU 1'irst Master and Cigarette. However, thv places may be filled by DOUBLOON..; ... ? 1 FIK.iT MASTER ? 2 WAH1NE ? ? 3 In tho Second Hurdle Race Convcntioncr has been raised 15 lb., but lie is so gopd that it is doubtful whether this will stoo him, mow especially ks ho will onlv meet rloodbird oa 9 fb. worse terms, and N*alpa at a disadvantage of 12 lb. Nalpa was very prominent for two inilos last Saturday, and hu, will havo some thing to say in this fiuish. but another dange rous customer is Gailiardia, 0 bt '.» lb. The las: -named ran Convuutioucr to a length and half at TaitiH.saU'3 Meeting, and now they meet at a difference of I'l lb. comuired to what they did cm that- occasion. Tho lot mentioned should supply tho situations as follows— CONVENTIONER ... ... V NALPA ... ... ? :; GAILLARD1A ... ..- ... ;i Foliage and Kirkby have both b?en taken so well cas-u of in the Mayor's .Milo,tb.it thti winner should come from ' lower down, and 1 like them — NOMADIC or VIKING ... ... 1 PITCHEUY ? ... ... -J. STAFFA ... ... ... .. 3 The only scratclunsrs for the Grand National f3teep)cch:t«} since .the accc])tances have been Korke's Drift and liavclock, and thus there will probably be ,s-t-iny fifteen or M'xtuen runners. The fuilowiug is the list, with their riders: — ? Horsp. Wci?ht. JlS'ler. Black flag ... ... 12 7 JI. Howie. »u\io ? ... 1112 S. Ferry. Allroarj ? H 2 .T. McUnwan. Caumot ? ... W ' Mr. T. Mctle. Wooillitflil ? 10 7 Twcedic. Julioj ? ... 10 b \X. Lee. Taratlale ? ... lo 3 M. Uunin. ThoGliort ... ... 10 2 H. Holmes. Doric ? ... 10 0 F. JJu.liell. Coiilliienro ... „. 9 12 C\ Hughes. Situplo .Mm ... ... ft l-- .1. Harper. llouibiiiiu ... M. :» .t ? Y&uns; LucuVr ? 0 5 IT. linpwood. Kejiutitioii ? a 1) P. Deveiit-y. SirUvArgo. „. ... i» 0 11. IIi-cutt. FL'-liwiio ... ... ... 3 0 J. LjhIL Baujo and .Vll Fours are pretty sure to dis pute favouritism. A rumour was freely cir culated yesterday thai Banjo would not start, but as Mr. Ferry seldom announces hi* inteu tions until the course is lvachud it was ivnpas sibio to verify tho accuracy or otherwise of tho report. Howevor. asainniag that Banjo will run and that ho is alright, he v.-iil ba a hard nut to crock, an lie if- a safer jumper than All Fours. Still, if the niare, who is to have the services of MciJowaa, be only iu the rimid iorm us when she van second to Duugan tihe ought perhap3 projwrly to bo piefiHT&d; to iir. Ferry's ivpreaeutatixe. Catiiwt will cany Mr.' Mt-Fie, and ha may create a surprise, whil-j Bliick Flag will have au opportunity to in;\ke amends for his failure in the llurdlo Kac!.-. Tho Victorian, who on thisocCH-'on i.«to Ihi piloted by Howie, was schooled again over the biir fouces on \Vedne-.- day afternoon, aipd jumped letter than he did on Monday. Juliet is very well, and so is Tant drtle, but if Young Lucifer a^ain goes straight he may boat them botli. The Ghost is talked of as .soiui'tiiing likely to upset tlio favourite.s but I shall vote for BANJO ... ? ... 1 ALL FOURS ? 2 YOUNG LUCIFER ? 3 Security won tho Fulham Park Plate so eioily thai, the extra weight should not stop him front annexing thi« Dequottoville Stuk«.'s. If ho is to be beaten it may bo by Talii-siu, who got oil very badly on Saturday, and who will meet him 'oh no Ics3 than lO lb. better terms. The Judge should hoist them— SECURITY ... ... ? 1 TALIES1N ... ? 2 HKSPOND ... ? ... :; Tlierii nro several with a tkaitco in the Cor poration Slakes, but Hie following result may not bo very far wide of 1 he mark : — MARRYATVILLi: ? I THL'NDKRER ? 9 ALVEARY or K ASK ... .. * Rorke's Drift who ran in the A.R.C. Selling Steeplechase last Saturday, has been purchased by Mr. Oliver Aikoii. Na less thati sixty-six new. members have beon elected for the Adtslr-ido Racing Club sinco August 1, and applications arc still coming iu. Postal. Gipsy Queen, find Conscript wer« trie! over the schooling hurdles on tho Old Cour-e ou Wudiic&day; uitercoou, and jimmied well. The Wellington and Lako Allxirt Racing Clubs have riissoNvd partnership, and the Wellingt/iii Club will hold tliuiraiinu.il rac-» iu January on tho West Wellington Courcc. 