MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. Bland Holt made a: present of #100 to the author of " The Span of life " -owing to its,great success. Fred Appleton has- been playing Hamlet with the EloiseJuno Company in Tasmania. In Adelaide hot so long ago Fred was the Ghost. Percy St. John?s Burlesque Company were in Christchurch at latest. A "Trilby" ballet in which the ladies seemed to appear " mid nodings on" was one of the attractions. Jimmy South," whom ftiiy old play goers''will' remember, has been down on his luck for some time, and was? benefited at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, last week. It is not generally known that great singers such as the De Reszkes, Calve, claucon, and De Tries take their dinner at 2 p. m. when they are going to sing the same evening. One of them said the other day, "It is absolutely essential that we should. The voice cannot be used properly if the stomach is busy digesting food. Revivals being the fashion could not W. & M. give us "Patience?" Wallace Brownlow would make an absolutely entrancing Grosvenor. " Patience " is one of the prettiest operas of the Gilbert and Sullivan series. A struggling genius who evidently does not think that a 'prima donna should absorb all the poetic fire in Adelaide has sent along " a little thing of my own." Here it is With smile bewitching My heart she's stitching With strands of love—a very perfect job; Once ballet leader, Now special pleader For Eros* rosy god—Miss Lucy Cobb. There ! Don't say that we haven't got poets in South Australia. The Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, is not big enough to hold the people who wkht to see " Djin Djin." Mr. Henry Bracy is to be compli mented on his stage management during the operatic season. There j has not been a single hitch observable. There is in the chorus of the Royal Comic Opera Company a man who on on©o<ic%8ion played Nahki Poo to Nellie Stewart's Yum-Yum for two or three nights. The tenor—Boyle—got into a state of mops and brooms through looking too severely upon the whisky when it was Walker, and Fitzgerald had at very short notice to take his place. But the advancement was only temporary, lor another tenor was secured. Gourtice Pounds is no slouch of an Mr. Flegelfcaub, father of Miss Juliet Wray, was on a visit to Ade laide last week. He came in search of health, and so thoroughly enjoyed him self that he confessed that he was loath to return to Baliarat. The North Adelaide Football Club and their "friends had possession of the gallery at the Theatre Royal on Thurs day evening; and during the intervals gave musical contributions which, truth to tell, were received rather tamely. This form of entertainment is evidently on the wane. At one period an attempt was made to lower a streamer containing the legend, " Vote for," the name not being dis cerhable. It is believed that there were streamers both in the interests of Mr. Tucker and Mr. Glynn, but there was so much opposition to their display that the partisans gave way. It will never do to make the Theatre the vehicle of electioneering advertise ments. "Tell me, oh, tell me," cried Lauri at the ead of a long and absurd harangue in "The Old Guard," "are they going to bring out medical men from Guy's V* There was a roar of laughter from all parts of the house. Martyn Hagan and Lucy Fraser deny the statement that they intend to proceed to England. Dan Barry has been producing " Uncle Tom's Cabin" at the Alexandria Theatre, Melbourne, with Larry Dooley as Uncle Tom. Lauri misses a lot of Elton's shaving scene in " The Old Guard," but he ■ ■ ■ ■■ . i introduces much that is new else / ; , • • - where. When he and Vernon play football with a top note let loose by Miss Pollard and finally return the note to her for a finishing touch the effect is very ludicrous. The cricket "gag" has been seen before in Ade laide, but the footballing caught on immensely. Someone — was it Brownlow % — blundered at the tag of "The Old Guard " on Thursday evening, and Lauri spluttered out some lines in a fashion somewhat foreign to the text just in time. Miss Hefctie Howard© has been playing the Widow O'Brien, Johnny Sheridan's favorite character, in Auck land.* How is it that so many actresses on being interviewed tell the same old 1——, well, the same old yarn about leaving the shelter of a convent to go on the stage 1 Anyone would think that convents were training homes for ^he theatrical profession. George Rignold told a London inter viewer that his future campaign in Australia will consist of a three months stay in each of the principal towns. He has no intention of taking a long lease of Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, again. The Johannesburg correspondent of the Sydney Referee reports that Frank Fillis has been averaging be tween £250 and £350 a night with his circus. The business manager of Eroni Brothers' Circus, now in Sydney, is E. J. Clarke. No relation to "Ted" of the Register, who does not go in for the final " e." Sydney Referee gives the following as Harry Rickards' next importa tion due almost immediately .-—Will Crackles, the France Family, and Tennyson and Gorman. " The Greenwood Family are resting in Auckland.—R.I.P. " In Town " and " Pepita " are to mark the close of the opera season in Adelaide. Pete Hughes, who never never tells a tarrididdle, informs Quiz that the receipts so far greatly vexeeed those of any previous season in this town. Therehave never been such con sistently crowded galleries and stalls. A performer has been engaged at the London Alhambra whose speciality consists of diving through a hoop of sharp sabres on to a collection of marlingspikes. Sarah Bernhardt having said that she had never seen Yvette Guilbert, the latter has retorted " Poor Sarah, she is perfectly excusable, for she is 55\. It is not unusual for persons who are aged to lose their memory." Dudley Wyatt, the wonderful 'calculating boy, is in New Zealand. A Melbourne phrenologist, not know ing the interesting youth, examined his bumps and pronounced him dull ! Only four ladies in the pretty "Old Guard " ballet. Oh, what a falling off was there. The following are the principal per formers in the extravaganza "Djin Djin— Misses Florence Young, Florence Graupner, Leonore Oreill, Ivy Scott, and Carrie Moore, Messrs Elton, Coleman, Frank Scents, C. M. Berkeley, and the Banvards. Mr. Seymour Dicker, who seems to be at the head of the musical pro fession in Brisbane, is 31 years of age. He was born at Dunkerque, in France. He is the local Heinicke in Banana land, and his latest work has been the conducting of Gilbert and Sullivan operas. There were two rehearsals of "Dorothy" on Friday owing to the fact that the opera was entirely new work for Miss Juliet Wray and Mr. Courtice Pounds. The result was' apparent at night. The lady was wonderfully accurate, all things con sidered, but Mr. Pounds was by no means up to the mark, and forgot both lines and inusic more than once. -i , ' ■ .1" li : ' H' ' ' - - - ■ Michael Santley, who looks like his father, the Vinous baritone, is singing in Alioiidhh Music Hall. George^ C. Miln * was playing last month at the ParkTl The New Zealand^^ Jewett^ was a member of the Company, and ili "Julius Caesarn] took the part o&: Cassius. The preliminary announce ment® concerning Miln said :—"His -v '■£ 1..-: - £?!>*■„££' . V..- ^ ':•■■■-'-V J:.Wi delivery of the oration over the dead body of Caesar will make the walls of the Park Theiitre shake in his explosive moment®." ■ Mario Majeroni is the understudyof Reuben Fax as Svengali. c Miss Holroyd made a very promising debut as Phyllis in ^Dorothy " Saturday night. The young lady who is a protege of Mr. and Mrs. Bracy was very nervous as a matter of course, but she sang so well th&t; ahe Warf imperative encored. Those people who are fond of emphasizing the jealousy of1 actors and actresses would have been surprised to have seen the sympathetic little attentions paid to Miss Holroyd by the members of the Opera Company on Saturday. Everyone, a^peared tof wish that she might succeed. fresh, well-cultivated soprano voice is.;. an acquisition tb the;; Company. Fred Duncan is coming to Adelaide with Harry RdekUrds's. The organisation will be a woiSf^t«bn|^ one. Tt is-some yeays since Rickards appeared in Adelaide, and since then his policy of intixvlpcing Music HaUl stars of the first magnitude from the old country has bebh put into force. 