CURRENT TOPICS Benevolent Society.-There were pre sent at the weekly meeting of the Benovelent Society yesterday afternoon -Messrs. John Stephenson (chairman), J. Joyce, Thos. Bourke, J.C. Genders,G. Baker, J. Wilkins, M. Tyson, A. Jones, W. R. Barwood, J. T. Farmilo, James Steer (treasurer), and the secretary (Mr. R. Cameron). The secretary reported there were on the temporary roll 15 men, and one boy. Of the men eight were assisted for one night, one for two nights, five for three nights, and one for a week, an out- patient at the hospi tal. On the permanent roll there were 48 men, 122 women, and 206 children; total, 376. Two had been struck off the roll, having died, and two families had retired. Donations were acknowledged as follows:-Mattrasses, Mr. N. Brimble; the treasurer handed in £4 4s, being the proceeds of the concert given by the Early Closing Association; £2 2e from W.W., and £23 2s 6d per collector. Two cases were relieved. The .secre tary reported that the society wanted more wood, and the matter was left in the hands of the chairman. Marine Board.-The fortnightly meet ing of theLauncestonMarine Board was held yesterday afternoon, when there were present-The Master Warden (Mr. R. J. M'Kenzle), Wardens R. Green, A. Evans, R. Carter, S. Eaidley. Wilmot, and Lindsay Tulloch. Mr. A. Green, the board's solicitor, in reply to a re quest for an opinion, wrote suggesting that an amendment of the Marine Boards Act shouldbe obtained in order to control vessels other than those pro Delled by steam or sails. It was de cided to draw the attention of the At torney-General to the matter with a view of his including a clause to such effect in any future amendments which might be necessary in the act. The re port of he superintendent of works stated that during the past fortnight 2240 tons of. material had- been dredged at the bar. The iiual maintenanoe works and general repairs had been effected. The Master Warden reported that the collections for June were £370 10s 2d, as compared with £ 616 17a 11d for the same month last year. The ex penditure totalled £534 15s 11d-gen eral, £363 17s lid; harbour improve meats, £170 18s. The revenue for the half-year showed a decrease as com parEd with that for the same period of 1895\. Warden Evans asked could not the arrival of intercolonial steamers at the Heads on Sundays be posted outside the board's office. The Master Warden said that, as far as possible, that would be done in the future. Mines Department.-The Secretary for Mines (Mr. F. Belstead) will be in attendance at the local mines office to day from 9 a.m. to 3.30 p.m. for trans Action of business. He leaves for Scotts dale by train the same day to attend a meeting of the Mount Cameron Water (Race Board in the evening, and returns to Launceston and Hobart to- morrow. W.C.T.U.-At the social and public Meetings held in the Temperance Hall on Friday evening (reported in our issue of Saturday) six ladies gave in their simnes for membership, and also several others for honorary membership. A correspondent Vhclares that the spirit of sociability and absence of stiffness which is characteristic of the union meetings was in evidence, and every pne appeared to thoroughly enjoy them selves. Mrs. M'Call.-Last week Dr. Stuart, of Ulverstone, paid a flying visit to Mel bourne to see Mrs. M'Call (relates the 'N.W. Post.") He found her better thau expected, though seriously ill. All going well, it is the intention of Dr. M'Call to return with Mrs. M'Call to Tasmania in about a fortnight. Larceny by Boys. -At the City Police Court yesterday morning Robert Baker, Wm. Buckney, Wm. Mansfield, Andrew Fleming, Stephen Artis, and John Chapman, whose ages ranged from 12 to seven, were charged with having on July 8 and 10 stolen several posts and rails from a fence in Bathurst-street, the property of Joseph Stanley Brad- shaw. With the exception of Mans- field they pleaded guilty. The evidence against the last- named was not strong enough for a conviction, and he was dIischarged with a reprimand. Superin- tendent Scott said that the parents of the children were most to blame, as they had received the posts and knew very well that they had been stolen. The parents, who were in court, were severely lectured by the Police Magis- trate, who said that had it not been the defendants' first appearance before the bench he would have sent them to the Reformatory at Hobart, but in this in- stance the punishment would fall on the parents. The offenders were each ordered to pay 1s damage to the fence, and 7s 3d costs, in default to be im- prisoned until 6 p.m. Four of the boys took the alternative. -Frederick Hill, 16, and Mervyn Wilson, 10, pleaded guilty to having on July 3 stolen three iron sink gratings from an unoccupied house in Charles-street, (he property at the National Bank. Superintendent Scott said that the boys had stolen the grates from the house in question, smashed them up, and sold the pieces For old Iron. The pieces were produced in court. It was the first offence of both boys, and they received a stern reprimand from the bench. The Police Magistrate said that he looked upon Hill as the chief offender in this case, and he must have led the younger lad Into the theft. He ordered him to find one surety of £20 to be of good be haviour for six months, or to be im prisoned for one week. Wilson was discharged with a caution, but the offence was recorded against him. Police Court.-Yesterday morning Ltohn Wilkins pleaded guilty to having, qn July 13, worked a horse in a parcel part whilst suffering from a sore under the near shoulder. The case was not a serious one, and defendant, who said re had attended to the animal as soon as he could, was fined 6s. Messrs. E. Whitfeld, P.M., and M. E. Robinson, CF.P., were the presiding magistrates. The Truant Act.-Yesterday morn ing Sergeant-Major Welsh, inspector under the Truant Act, proceeded against two womnw for not sending their children to school. - Both defen Ufants, waho are residents of Invermay, pleaded guilty. The first stated that her husband was away on the West Coast, and she had been engaged from hlmee nursing, and' the children (two girls) had been neglected. She was sorry she could not send them to schobl, as they did not have any good clothing. The inspector said that he knew the defendant had been en gaged away froim home for some time, but if she had mentioned to him that She had no clothes for them he would have readily found some for them, as he regretted very much bringing these cases into court if it could be avoided. At Invermay a number of children were running about almost wild, and parents did not appear to take any steps to send them to school, and, de spite his advice and assistance, he was compelled to take proceedings. The second case, the inspector said, was a hard one. The mother of these chil tren, two boys, had been ill for the past twelve months, and they had been totally neglected. They would not pay any heed to the housekeeper, were dis obedient, impudent, given to swearing, and runningaway from home,andwould not go to school. The boys were brought into court, and smiled very much when before the bench. Mr. Whitfeld explained to them the law, and said that he would haive to send them to the Reformatory if they would not go to school. He asked them several questions, which they answered in a very abrupt manner. The Police. Magistrate adjourned both cases for one month, at the expiration of which time be would want to see a certifi cate from the school showing. what their attendance had. been during that time.'. In these cases Sergeant-Major Welsh's benevolence is displayed to a large extent, and parents whob have taken his advice have been saved the trouble and expense of being brought to court, but where his kindness had not. been taken advantage of he has been compelled to take proceedings. In many cases he has obtained clothing for poor people's children so that they could go to school, and these kindly Acts deserve comineidation. P.O. Savings Bank.-From the an nual report of the Auditor-General we extract the following figures showing the position of the Post-Office Savings Bank accounts:-The deposits received in 1895 totalled £75,269 18s 11d, on which interest amounting to £3447 8s 2d was allowed and added, making a total of £78,717 1s id. Deducting fuom this the withdrawals in 1895, £62,437 6s 8d, the account shows an in crease in credit to depositors of £16,437 8s 2d. The aggregate account shows total deposits since commencement to be £682,997 18s 4d, withdrawals £590,836 16s 3d; the total interest added to depositors' accounts. is £23,485 16s 3d. The balance to credit of depositors on December 31,.1895; was £115,645 5. 8d. The assets of the in stitution are as follow:-Investments in Government securities, £102,200; investments in fixed deposits, £7000; amount due by the Treasury, £3977 5s 5d; amount due from money order ac count, £1402 7s Dd; interest accrued on investments, £1595 12s 8d; total, £116,645 5s 10d. The amount to credit of profit and loss account was £530 5s 10d. For the first time, the amount to credit of depositors has reached, and exceeded £100,000. The addition to the account for 1895, £16,280 Os 5d, is nearly double the amount added in 1894, which was £8302 1s 7d, a gratify ing proof of the increased popularity of the institution, and of its usefulness to depositors. The amount to credit of profit and loss, £530 Os 2d, has been paid into the consolidated revenue in accordance with usual practice. Last year it was pointed out that the Post Office Act did not allow of investments in fixed deposits; the amending act, 59 Vict., No. 18, passed last session, sup plied the necessary authority-the plac ing of £7000 at fixed deposits is, there fore, now fully sanctioned. The post office money order account has been ad justed to December 31, 1895, there being an unxplained debit balance of £10 12s 4d, which has been left open for further investigation, but the result may be considered sufficiently satisfactory, con sidering the nature of the account and the magnitude of the transactions. The sum of £35 8s Gd, which was repre sented by void orders, has, in the usual way, been paid to the consolidated re venue. Mount Cameron Water Race.-The account of this water race fund for the year 1895 is thus stated by the Auditer General in his annual report:-The re ceipts for the sale of water totalled £1085 9s 7d, and the moiety of rents of mineral lands served by the race, £52 11s 3d in all, £1138 Os 10d. The cost of management, repairs, etc., was £800 19s 2d, leaving a balance since paid to the public debts sinking fund of £337 1s Sd. The total amount now paid to the sinking fund is £5160 Os 4d, as against the cost of construction, £32,700. Protection of the Revenue.-In the annual report of the Auditor-General just issued will be found one or two points of interest in connection with the collection of Customs duties. In re ference to exhibition pictures and sta tuary loaned to art galleries, he says: 17 packages,. comprising 84 pictures, two cases pictures, and three cases sta tuary, value £6130 19s, were loaned by the owners to the art galleries, Hobart and Launceston, and they were cleared from the Exhibition bond accounts by entries free of duty as "works of art for a public institution," and with the ap proval of the honourable the Chief Sec retary. It was pointed out that the pictures are the property of private in dividuals, and should not be passed free, but the Inspector of Customs and the honourable the Treasurer declined to do anything further, although it was sug gested that the difficulty might be sur mounted by the proclamation of the Launceston and Hobart Art Galleries as bonding warehouses for the purpose of storing pictures; at present the Cus toms Department has no pro nor enntrnl. T. is understood. however, that the trustees have given guarantees for safe keeping, and that duty will be collected on any pictures sold from or taken from the art galleries. It is thus evident the passing of entries "free" was an error. Two cases of pictures by Mr. Piguenit, comprising three pictures valued at £115 10s, and which are intended for sale, were passed in Launceston in August last free of duty as "works of art for public institution" under au thority of the hon. the Treasurer, the pictures being forwarded to the Laun ceston Art Gallery for exhibition with a view to sale, and to this case the pre ceding remarks also apply. The fol lowing memo. should he of. interest to the "fancy":-"On the 14th August last the honourable the Treasurer issued an authority for the admission of poultry coops and material upon deposit of £25, to be returned on coops being re shipped. As the amount should have been paid to the Treasury, and not placed to an outside account, reference to the provisions of the Customs Act under which the authority was issued was asked, and the Treasurer replied 'there is no existing authority other than Ministerial, but provision is being made in Drawbacks Amendment Act this seems to meet such cases.' The amending act has not yet been passed." Mechanics' Institute.-The Mechanics' Institute committee have arranged a most attractive programme for this evening's entertainment, to be held in the large hall. The first, second, and fifth acts of "Macbeth" will be pre sented, the characters being taken by Messrs. Abraham Barrett, - Seagrave, T. W. Rule; Miss M. M'Mahon, and Mrs. H. H. Scott; Mr. A. J. Hawkins acting as stage manager. The second portion of the programme will be of a miscel laneous character. Messrs. E. I-I. Sut ton and F.Burbury will contribute solos. In addition to these some attractive or c'hestral items will be given under the conductorship of Mr. A. H. Bowden,with Mr. Geo. Lorkin as leader. Mrs. A. H. Bowden, will preside at the piano. The low price being charged for admission, coupled with such an admirable pro gramme, should ensure a bumper house. It may. be mentioned that Mr. Barrett played in "Macbeth" in the Queen's Theatre, Dunedin, in aid of the sufferers by the wreck o6f the s. Kakanuil, the substantial sum of £50 being netted. The social which was to have been held by the Hibernian Society at St. Francis Xavier's Seminary to-night has been postponed out of the desire to assist in making the above entertain ment a success. The social will be held on the 29th inst., when the presi dent will deliver his inaugural address. Ordinary branch business will be trans acfed this evening. Naval News.-H.M.S. Orlando, the flagship on the Australian station, ac companied by the Wallaroo, Ringa rooma, and Karrakatta. arrived at Townsville on Wednesday en route to Sydney (relates an exchange). Letters received from the Cape station last week give particulars of one of the most exciting chases of modern times in pursuit of a slave-dhow by Lieutenant Marcus Hill, in charge of a party from H.M.S. Barosa. The party left the ship in a cutter during a stormy night, and at dawn a dhow was seen off the starboard quarter. Her behaviour re moving all doubts, a shot was fired across her bows, when the dhow shook out a reef and made off. A ship's cut ter followed in hot pursuit, and a lively chase followed. Things seemed evenly matched, as for three hours the chase continued, shots being fired ahead of her and then right at her. At last, after a good many shots going through the sails antd running gear, a party got aboard. Three slaves were found rolled up in a sail, and four more in the bot tom of the dhow. The slaves had been put in a sail with stones, with the in tention of being thrown overboard be fore the cutter got alongside, but the capture was effected before this could be carried out. On Lieutenant Hill boarding the dhow the slaves were put into the cutter, and the captain into irons, whilst the owners were tied up by the naval party. Unfortunately. however, at midnight the captain and owners slipped overboard, and man aged to get to shore. They were sub sequently re- captured, and sent to Zan zibar to be dealt with by the authori ties. The Gambling Evil.-In the Wesleyan Churches of Campbell Town and Ross on the last Sabbath a somewhat extended reference was made by the Rev. D. Annear to gambling as repre sented by "Tattersall's," now estab lished in Hobart. The arguments of Premier Braddon, "that men will gamble," etc., and "that revenue must be obtained," etc., were briefly but closely traversed, and the unreason ableness, as well as the peril, of Govern ment in any way encouraging such an institution was shown. The rev. gentleman certainly made a point when he gave one of the statementsutteredby Mr. Gladstone not long ago, that "it was the duty of a Government to make it as difficult as possible for a man to do wrong." But he said it was evi dently the intention of the Tasmanian Government to reverse this, and make it as difficult as possible for a man to do right. A very strong feeling has been exhibited in the district in this direction, and candidates for Parlia mentary honours at the next election will (writes a correspondent) have to run the gauntlet of some pretty sharp questions. A good many people went into the vestry at the close of the ser vice to sign the petition against "Tat tersall's" sweeps. St. Leonards Road Trust.-The usual meeting was held at the hotel, St. Leon ards, on Monday last. Present-Messrs. T. J. Dent (chairman), Summers, Cas well, and Bulman. Apologies were re ceived for the absence of Messrs Grubb and Hunt. Mr. Bulman said that he had not finished gravelling the road near Dunedin, but had done the bad parts and left what was good, and now asked to be allowed to coo about two chains near Mr. Murray's gate, esti mated to take about thirty loads of gravel. It was decided to do this work. Owing to the floods it was found im perative to put 22 loads of gravel on the station road, and it was resolved to call for tenders to cart gravel for about 50 loads more, to be put on the same road. A rate of 1s in the pound, to be due and payable on September 1 next, was made on the annual value of the property in the district. Resolved that, consider able damage having been caused by metal carters to the side of the road at Mr. Fryett's, the trustees insist that Mr. Fryett shall repair and put the same in order. After discussing vari ous matters of minor importance and passing accounts the trust rose. Commercial Bank.-The half-yearly meeting of the Commercial Bank of Tasmania will be held in the banking house, Macquarie- street, Hobart, to day. Sale of Furs.-Attention is called to the sale by auction at Bell's mart to morm'ow of Mm. J. Paget's well-assorted stock of fur goods, which are now on view at the mart, where catalogues may be obtained. The sale will commence at 2n.m. North Esk Road Trust.-The usual meeting of trustees of the North Esk Road Trust was held at the Enfield Hlotel on Saturday. Present-Messrs. B. Gibson (chairman), B. Stevenson, A. D. Whittle, J. Price, and George Wat son. It was resolved that £10 be spent on the road through Rocklands to the Evandale district. Mr. Peck having decided to accept 4d per yard for gravel, this amount was agreed to. A rate of 1s in the £1, due and payable September 30, was fixed, and minor business transacted. A Local Ghost Scare.-A very circum stantial account of the appearance of a "ghost" in Mayne-street, Invermay, on Monday evening was related to an "Ex aminer" representative last evening, but though enquiries were made with a view of substantiating the report nothing of a definite character was as certained. No information on the mat ter had reached either the Invermay or the city police. A youth in charge of a. horse and cart is given credit for originating the report, he having made the statement that when driving down Mayne-street on the evening in ques tion he saw the "ghost." Whether his vision was the result of a disordered imagination, arising possibly from a similar condition: of his liver,or whetheir he had been reading of the Hobairt "ghost," and became frightened at his own shadow, is hard to tell, but the only charitable construction to put upon the affair is one of these, unless, per chance, some timid householder in the vicinity had ventured forth in costume light and airy to assure himself that his domestic woodheap was not being pilfered, nor the family fowls on the move. Ministers' Fraternal Association. - The second week-night service in con nection with the week of prayer under the auspices of the Ministers' Fraternal Association was held in Christ Church last evening, when there was again a good congregation. The service was on the lines of that of the previous evening. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. T. Piercey (Memorial Church) and Mr. R. Marshall (City Mis sionary),the subject being "The Church: her need and her place in the world." Both of the speakers handled the sub ject in an interesting and instructive style, and their remarks were listened to with evident appreciation. To-night a similar service will be held in the same church, when addresses will he delivered by Rev. H. Bath on "The importance of duly respecting and using the Lord's Day," and by Rev. J. G. Wright on "The relation between re creation and vices." St. John's Mission House.-The Bishop of Tasmania held a service at St. John's Mission House last evening, when there were about 60 persons pre sent. The Rev. L. T. Tarleton read the lessons, and his Lordship preached from Ephesians iv., 13, taking as his text, "The perfect man." He compared the ideal man with the perfect one, and im pressed upon his hearers the influence their conduct would have upon future generations. Much attention was paid to the address, and the Mission House choir rendered several hymns in a pleasing manner. Entertainment.-The pupils of the Ladies' Collegiate Institute will give an entertainment in the school- room, Frederick-street, on Friday evening next. The programme will consist of recitations, cantata, songs, etc., and the Mayor has promised to preside. Salvation Army.-There was a numer onus attendance at the Salvation Army Barracks last evening, when a lantern service was held. Captain E. Aslin, by the aid of his magic lantern, showed several views of southern Tasmania. The service of song entitled "My Father's Soul" was then given. The story was a pathetic one, and Captain Aslin gave the connective readings. Several solos and selections were also given. Gotld's Country Road Trust.-Mr. B. H. Wright having resigned from this trust, notice is given that, if within 14 days a petition is not presented to the chairman to hold an election, the trus tees will proceed to fill the vacancy. Tenders.-In an advertisement in this issue tenders are invited up to 4 p.m. of Monday next for the removal of offal from the Launceston slaughter house. Terms and conditions can be seen at the Town Clerk's office. Property bale.-Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co. have reeelved instructions from the trustees of the estate of the late William Bryant to sell at their mart on Monday, 27th inst.,township propertles at Devonport West, Wynyard, and George Town. Obituary.-A pang of regret will be felt throughout the whole colony at the news, which it is our painful duty to record, of the death of the wife of the hon. Thos. Reibey, M.H.A., the squire of Entally. This sad event occurred yesterday at Eatally, and as a mark of respect the House of Assembly, which had on Thursday granted 14 days' leave of absence to the hon. gentleman in consequence of his wife's illness, ad journed lass evening for a week. On all sides the same sympathy will be ex tended to the member for Westbury. The funeral will leave Entally for Hadspen on Friday afternoon at two o'clock. Educational.--Mrs. E. Munew,R.A.M., resumes musical tuition on Friday next. Miss Wilson, A.A., resumed school duties yesterday at 103 George-street. The Fitzroy F.C. social will be held at the Cornwall Hall on Thursday evening. The Cornwall Lodge, M.U., hold a social this evening at the Masonic Hall. The Bishop of Tasmania will give a lan tern lecture at Franklin Village this even ing. 