THE MERCURY HOBART' SATURDAY, JULY It, 1895. m BenotAB or NO fire. The annual meeting of members of the Sorell Racing Club will be held to-day. .'? Mount Lyell metallurgist reports satisfactorily on smelting operations. A rule stir was granted by the Full Court yesterday on an important point in mining leases law. Mr. E. J. S. Spark, of Sydney, has been appointed House Surgeon of the Hobart General Hospital. Mr. W. H. Savigny, one of Launceston's best cricketers, has left for Sydney to take up appointment in Grammar School. Tenders are to be called by the Metropolitan Drainage Board for completion of plans, etc. The General Manager of Railways demands an impartial inquiry into the recent charges made against him by Mr. Macdonald in the House of Assembly. J. Webb. New Zealand Permanent Artillery, Lyttelton, won first prize, valued at £4,000, in Tattersalls distribution of Sydney properties yesterday. The Hobart Gas Co. reminds consumers that the quarterly accounts must be paid not later than Tuesday next to secure the discount. DerwentlDramatic Company in Fun on the Bristol at Theatre Royal on Monday night. Mrs. E. A. Stacey will introduce two new dances. Rhodesia rebellion still spreading. \- European harvest prospects favourable. London tin quotation, 64 2s. 6d. to £64 15s. Tasmanian 3 per cents, have fallen 5s. in the London market. London wool sales steady. Prices firm. Nearly all lots catalogued sold. It is reported that Mr. Chamberlain will preside at the Jameson raid inquiry. Agricultural Rating Bill read a second time in the House of Lords. Chicago Convention has declared, by a clear majority, in favour of free silver currency. British coal mineowners refuse to confer with miners now on strike. Supplies for Fort Salisbury cut off. Provisions selling at fabulous prices. Fatal blasting accident in Lily South mine, West Australia. Victim Neil Masters, Victorian butter sent to England and back has stood the test well. Barnard O'Neill, aged 104, died in New South Wales yesterday. Drake, the Queensland Labour Union organiser, has met with a violent death. \- New York Customs officials have detected extensive system of smuggling diamonds by the use of carrier pigeons. Report current in England that military authorities at Fort Salisbury are disagreeing as to method of defence. A section of the Commercial Bank of Australia oppose adoption of Mr. Harper's proposals for amended reconstruction. Judge Molesworth has refused to grant U. B. Fisher, of St. Kilda, certificate of discharge from debts. New Zealand Government have the option of getting the Huddart-Parker Vancouver steam service to their ports for a £20,000 subsidy. At Bourke. New South Wales, where last summer deaths occurred daily from sunstroke, ice several inches thick now covers the water. New South Wales Treasurer, in his Budget Statement, shows that revenue increased £122,000 during the past financial year. Expenditure was £350,000 below estimate. Next year he anticipates a surplus of £142,000. _ THE TREASURER has already told the world that bankers, local ones, we presume, cannot look with any favour on his Conversion Scheme, and that " we must be prepared for their frowns or, what may be as bad, their indifference coldly expressed." What then, quoth Sir PHILIP, is not the colony bigger than any bank within it, and are not the united colonies bigger than all the banks together? The fact must be admitted, but does it in any way wend matters The bankers look coldly, as is their wont, on the Conversion Scheme, because they believe it to be impracticable, and, possibly, they are not very bad judges in such a case. They may, however, be wrong, as-many experts have been before, even as Dr. LARDNER was when he demonstrated that a steamer could not cross the Atlantic. Still, an examination of the Scheme, which is one of excellent intention, leads us to the conclusion that it is beset with many very serious difficulties, which will be very hard, and what is more, costly to overcome. The statement that I per cent, will be sufficient to induce stockholders to convert is based on, we believe, a misapprehen- sion, for the fact is well-known that the original estimate of the Statistician was 21 per cent. The change was made from what we think will turn out to be a mistake, and there is reason to believe that stock- f holders will not be found to be so; manageable as is assumed. This, however, is not a very important, part of the Scheme, but we notice it as showing a certain readiness, of assumption which is characteristic of the whole proposal. Taking the whole Debts of the colonies, which are com- puted to be over 155' millions, the first question to be determined is, eau the colonies be induced to act together Will they form a financial Federation ? We confess that the 1 prospect of such an agreement seems to us a very distant and very doubtful one. Their interests are so varied, their aims and desires so diverse that we cannot imagine that they can come together, and agree not only as to the conversion of the actual debts, but as to' future borrowings, for these must be included in any arrangement. Sir PHILIP Frsn has, we think, taken a bold and patriotic step in trying to discover what is possible, but we are afraid that he will find the other colonies not very well disposed to form the union that he desires, and which would be a great step towards the attainment of Federation. We doubt if they will even be got to agree to a general financial agency, so that the work may be concentrated in one office, as their interests atuidesires are so complicated and so special. This is the initial difficulty as to the general Debt, which may or may not he overcome, but if it should be overcome, what reason is there to suppose that stockholders will be willing to convert ? Where is the inducement ? Certainly that in the A per cent, for that would affect nobody, and we doubt if they will regard a new debenture having, say, 50 years to run, as an equivalent for what they now hold, when the rate of interest is to be reduced. The loans of the colonies are so varied, the interests in them are so mixed, that it seems to us to be highly improbable that the stockholders will be got to agree to come in, for the sake of getting fresh stock at a largely reduced rate of interest, even though it may be for a long time, or even in- terminable. Most persons will prefer to keep their actual income, rather than let it be reduced mainly for the benefit of those who come after them. The experiment may be tried if the colonies can be got to agree, but we think that the result will be failure, owing to the great diversity of the interests to be dealt with. Then what will be the cost of such a conversion of stock? On this point there is no information, but the process must, we should say, be a costly as well as a long and intricate one. v Bub, it is said that if the colonies will not act together Tasmania can act alone, and convert the whole of her Debt into the sweet simplicity of 3 per cents, and thus save a of ice little sum every year in the shape of interest. No one doubts the desirability of what is proposed, the only question is, can it be done The existing funded debt is set down at £7,782,170, the equivalent of which in 3 per cent, stock is said to be £8,669,954, and it is deduced from this that the yearly interest can be reduced from £297,599 to £260,099, or a saving of £37,500 a year. This saving will, of course, be made at the expense of the stock owners, who hold stock at various rates of interest from 6 per cent, to 3½ percent, having a currency varying from 1 to 30 years. The question is, will they be prepared to take new stock for the old at a reduced rate of interest, the consideration to them being, that they get stock which will have a life of, say, 50 years, or even stock that may be allowed to run on for an in- definite time ? We will take one example. There is a £100,000 loan at 6 per cent, which is redeemable in 1901, that is, it has now a currency of five years. The yearly interest is £6,000, and we are told that the present total equivalent in 3 per cent, par stock is £113,739, which will bring in annual interest to the amount of £3,412. Evidently, on the face of things there is no commercial equivalent here, and something in addition must be given in order to induce any Bane stockholder to exchange one lot of debentures for another. That something, we presume, is a lengthened currency, say 50 years, and the question is again, will this induce stock- holders to convert? Looking at the probabilities, we should say that the thing is not good enough. Few persons would care to have their present income in order that they might get the half for a longer period, or that their posterity might enjoy the fruits of their thrift and foresight. They will prefer, we think, to draw their full interest, feeling fairly certain that at the end of the period, when they get their capital back, they will at least be able to get 3 per cent, for it in a sound investment. The TREASURER'S opinion appears to be, that the accumulation of capital will continue to go on so rapidly in Great Britain that investors will hardly be able to get any interest at all, but this is not the view of some competent writers, who are predicting a change as not far off, In any case, there is always the danger of war, which may annihilate a great mass of capital, in which case the debenture holder would be able to reinvest his money to great advantage. We might take other examples of a like character from the tables furnished, but it is not necessary to multiply them, as one is sufficient to show the probabilities of file case. It may be doubted whether the stockholders will list to the voice of the financial charmer, if this is the only song that he has to sing, for it does not appear to be sweet enough to induce the stock owing ditties to come and be killed. However, there can be no harm in making the experiment, and it will test both the effective desire for united action, and the actual chances of the British money market. ^^^^^^^^^^ THE Tasmanian Defence Force continues to make a fairly presentable parade on paper. The Commandant's annual report for 1895 shows that the total strength on the 21st December 4 last was 1,234 officers and men, of whom 860 (683 per cent.) had made themselves efficient. The Tasmanian Permanent Artillery is gravely announced as having a " strength " of 10 of all ranks. The Launceston Artillery are credited with 81 of all ranks ; Southern Tasmanian Artillery 56 ; Tasmanian Torpedo Corps, 68 ; Tasmanian Rifle Regiment, 100 ; Launceston Rifle Regiment, 149, including 40 cadets ; Auxiliary Force, 787. Under the heading of discipline the Commandant is able to report the continuance of a most excellent spirit, The men, he says, are most willing, and only want encouragement and practice to become a very efficient body. " They give up their time to go to camps in some cases they pay money out of their pockets to keep themselves while at camp, the Government allow ance not being enough to provide food In the Auxiliary Force it is not at all uncommon for men to walk 1 or 6 miles to attend a drill Mon me home turn s found who walk TO units, and on one 01 o ision at Avoca a mile after mile d 11 dulls out of a possible Ira walking a dis- tance of 10 miles each way to do so For two years the cost of land defences had been kept down to £1 Jb7 per annum, but it is no longer possible to go on with so small a sum The Auulnry Force have had no capitation allowance for two years, and they need now uniforms The Tasmama Kitto Association has been without Qnvciiinu of grant for two years, and is at the end of its funds ' To provide for absolute m cossaries £1,000 is asked for the I service for 1897, and the House of Assembly will probably see its way to grant the increase of £613 The estimates submitted range thus - Permanent Staff, £82!) 17s 3d Permanent Artillery, 960 12s (6d Volunteer Fbtte-Launceston AitilleiVi £120, Southern Artillery, £105, Engineer Corps, £97 11s Tainan in Rifle Regiment (capitation), £60 , Launceston Rifle Regiment, Olof (including £45 for camp), contingencies, 2584 11s 3d (including £50 to Tasmanian Rifle Association), Auxiliary Force 2r , contingencies, £950 18s 6d (including capitation grant, 150) , Military Adviser, £10 9s 6d To the total of £1,000 for land defences is added £5,000 as could be turn to Imperial Naval Defence, and £552 11s 1d for tim store branch, making the total cost of defences of the colony £9,552 11s did The position taken up by the Launceston municipal authorities in connection with the request made by the Central Board of Health for information regarding the recent changes made in the Public Health Department there is almost beyond comprehension. They were first of all asked for the reasons which had prompted them in dis- missing the sanitary officer, and the only reply obtainable from the Health (Jom miller was that it had been done in consequence of a resolution of the Council. The Central Board rightly refused to accept that, and insisted on a further explana- tion ; but the Health Committee, with a display of childishness, which is hardly credible, persisted in putting forward the shadow for the substance, till it' became quite evident that they had no reason whatever, or could not express one, for their action in discharging Mr. Bushman. The whole affair was remitted to the Board of Health, and, as predicted in these columns, they have adopted the very same tactics. They know that the Central Board have the power to ask for information from all local bodies ; but yet at their meeting on Monday they passed a resolution to the effect that the Central Board be informed that the Council had constitutionally removed Mr. Bushman, and that all correspondence bearing on the subject be forwarded to them. Still, no reason has been given, and as none is forthcoming, we must come to the conclusion that the majority in the Council acted without any, and simply, as has been stated, got rid of Mr. Bushman to gratify their personal spleen against a man whose only fault was that he had done his public duty fearlessly and well, and in doing so had incurred the displeasure and hatred of some of those who afterwards arrogated to themselves the right to act as his judges. But, not only that, they try to throw dust in. the eyes of the Central Board of Health by agreeing to forward them " all correspondence bearing on the subject while the fact is that there has been practically no correspondence which would throw any light on the matter. It is a mere subterfuge to try and impose on the credulity of the central body, which, if they have any power at all should now assert it, or cease altogether from pretending to look after the health affairs of the colony generally. WOMAN suffrage, of which we are likely to hear a great deal here shortly indeed we have heard something of it in Parliament already finds no favour in the eyes of Air. Goldwin Smith, whose opinion is quoted in The Times. Mr Smith quotes a Denver man, who states that he does not think that any decent [ woman will go to the polls again. He says "Why, the political bosses ran the women from what they call the Row ' just like sheep, and shamed every decent woman in the city." The women, of course, voted for the ticket, and knew practically nothing at all about what they were voting for. This has always been one of the contingencies of female suffrage, and is one which is likely to occur again and again. The answer made is, that there are bad men as well as bad women, and we have no more right to object to one voting any more than the other Some people see a broad distinction between the two things, as do, apparently, many of the respectable women in Denver city. Mr. Smith points out that in Massachusetts, proverbially a staid and sober Slate, woman suffrage was rejected, after long agitation, by a very large majority. The New York Constitutional Convention also rejected, a proposal for woman suffrage by a majority of two to one, and in New York State it is sure to be defeated, we are told, when it is submitted to the vote. What is more, in that State, a body of the leading women have organised themselves in opposition to the movement, which they think is not in their best interests. Mr. Goldwin Smith says s "Politicians of both parties crave for the female vote, and quake at the thought of making an enemy of the coming power. Both parties, in the frenzy of conflict, have been thrusting their women into the political fray. Thus the Dutch auction i fees on." Again a writer in one of the English periodicals, a woman, insists that so far from the interference of women in public affairs having made them purer and better, the result has been the most shameless corruption and intrigue. This is the other side of the question, of which very little is heard, as it is usual to assume that all women are good and honest an assump- tion that neither history nor experience bears out THIS WEEK'S ?' TASMANIAN MAIL "-The cement issue of The Tasmanian Mail > contains the usual quantity of notion and light literature, ino young, of course, the lively Bullita in which " Lynx " deals with the occurrences, of the day. The sporting pages include record and comments on the doings of the Australian > cricketers in England, as well as those of the Melbourne Journalism lately in Hobart. "Apple blossom" concludes his farming notes for July, and the gardening expert descants upon developments out and indoors Mining, commercial, and shipping news, as well as matters of political interest, are polluted up to date, and, indeed, every department of current events is amply treated of. The pictorial pages include views taken during Bishop Montgomery's late visit to Bass Straits, and what he saw of the half-caste children and mutton birds there. In our previous notice there was a slight error. Messrs. Ricards and Salier designed St. Stephen's Church, Sandy Bay, not Mr Alan Walker, a statue SURVEYS or MINERAL SECTIONS. Mr. H. C Urquhart, VILLA., yesterday morning waited upon the Minister of Lands (Hon. A. S. Pilling 5 in respect to the delay which frequently uooU'S in obtaining survey plans, of mineral room taken up by prospectors. Mr. Urquhart stated that sometimes as much as six months elapsed between the sending in of the application and the return of the plan, and meanwhile the prospector had to keep his notice up. The Minister. informed Mr. Urquhart that he had taken note of his (Mr. Urquhart's) remarks on the subject in the House of Assembly on Wed sunday night, and was considering the best means of dealing with the matter. WE OAK «xurnDKNUY recommend the late James and Julius as being the best that money can buy. B" SDMMAUY Fon sonorE Our Letter Home, containing a record of the events for the last fortnight, with the Births, Marriages, and Dollar, will be found in the supplement to this day's issue, Our MriTLKMuNT to-day also contains Supreme Court, Hobart General Hospital, Metropolitan Drainage Board, Roffey, I'lnift, Oatlands Road Trust, Oatlands Municipal Council, Mining, Mount Lyell District, Our Melbourne Later demi Ponds. Municipal Council, Hamilton Municipal Council. Hamilton Road Trust, Dramatic Notes, The Pig Mystery, and Advertise I'm mad A MouitsT ItPQtKST -Moaiiifl C, J Ball, S R Shoobridge, and A C Pi who waited up in the Minister of Lands and Works yesterday with r forced to the provisions for a recreation ground at 61 sorely they were more used by the member for the district Mr TOIIB Hamilton M H A. who said they had HOUR by ino swamp us that the 1 treasurer had a surplus of £25,134 and the deputation thought before ; home at the morn cormorant like district came along that they would ask for a in the shire of the cake to be given to Glenorchy Ifi Parliament had some years ago voted £250 towards i roo cation ground for the district, but this was not quite enough The di put Union did not wish to be grundy, the 1 treasurer could keep the £25,000 I r the benefit if theology at large. Hld GI sorely shall be quite a intend to take the odd money in id likely" to the old v ila of £250 lhomcrouiou ground was badly needed, and he this the Minister wealth lp Hiern Arthur Conan l< able this, occasion Mr I'lllingi r told the disputation he was an aid to Uovorumoiit amid not do more than a had already been done, viz, to grant £250, and although he appr eclated tile self sacrifice of the district as to the Treasurer's surplus cash in industry of their members, and the excellent pica he is in made for them he was afraid at present he could not promise to further assist the object more than to give the matter a tonsilitis possibility arose in the future to Im p of cm Mr MACDONALD S C IIAUOKS AGAINST ME. BACK On (mutual Manager of Rev ways (Mr F Hack) has demanded an impartial no my into the charges ina is against himself in the House of Assembly last Weduetr day night by Mr Macdonald, M. J. A. , and into other matters em no it d with the LooomoeUu D parin« at the Government room is in Mr Bale is entitled to the inquiry, and it is probable that one of the King of the Supreme Court, will be asked to conduct it VITAL STATISTICS -The government Statistician's report on vital statistics of the colony show, that during the mouth of June 130 birth 78 males and 62 females were registered in the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston. Line shows an increase of 3 births as compared with the corresponding month last year, and a decrease of 22 2 as compared with the average of the births registered in June during the last five-yearly period To every 1,000 of the population of the two districts the proportions of births registered were as follow -For Hobart, 193, for Launceston, 2 52 ; all, 2 16 Deaths -The deaths registered in June, in Hobart and 1 ounces ton, numbered 06-64 mules and 42 females ; 37 deaths, or 38 54 percent of the whole, took place In public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during June, 1891 is 29 more than the corresponding month last year, and shows an increase of 8 4 as compared with the average number of deaths tests tried in June during the last five yearly period To every 1,000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths to¡;ietered were as follow Hobart, 1 6.1, Launceston, 1 54 ; all, 1 66 The deaths under five years of age numbered 28, or 29 84 per cent, of which 16 were under 1 years ago, the deaths between 5 and 65 years of age numbered 39, or 40 52 per cent.;, and the deaths be years and upwards numbered 37, or 38 64 per cent in the country districts the returns are Births. North Eastern, males, 35 , females, 34 ; North Western, 63-42 ; Midlands, 28 26 ; South Eastern, 24-24 , South-Western, 6-2 Total for all Country districts, 145 make and 127 IrmaleB. Total, 272, or 2-68 per 1,000 of the population 'the total) in June, 1894, was 236, and in June 1895, 267. The deaths were. North-ht9ti.ru- Males, 4; females, 9 North Western, 9-11 ; Mid- land, 17-4 ; South Eastern, 4.5 South Western, 6-1. Totals for all country districts were Males, 43 ; females, 15 ; total, 76, or '77 per 1,000 persons, the total in June, 1894, was 68, and in June, 1895, 69 HEW AUD you THE GHOSTS-The "Ghost" is still carrying on his idiotic pranks, and during the past week is reported as having appeared in different parts of the town and environs to intimidate a lady who was grounding home up Park- street, pant Crisp's timber yard, on Thursday last, between 8 and 9 p. in Last evening he was reported to have been observed in Warwick street A reward is to be offered to anyone securing the capture of this troublesome individual. FAMILY, BEHIND "-Volume L, of the Supplements issued from the Family Herald office 18 to hand, replete, as usual, with well selected teams from the vast repertoire of doniUBtio fiction, which is the special feature of the familiar and world wide circulated serial It speaks well for this particular class of literature, and the care displayed in its selection, than fifty volumes of supplemental reprints have now been published, 1ÜUOOA1IONAL. - The opening of the folio wine; Dunoola after the mild winter hull days likes place on Monday next -" Glen- brook," Upper Davey-street ; Girls' School, Tabornaali-Uall, Elizabeth street Monger Patrick-street ; "Ferulou," Warwick-street Kindergarten and Preparatory School, Bellerive ; Friends' High School ; Queen's College C lists for Girls ; Mr. and Mrs Bradshaw Mr.jor'i.(Miisio«nd Gern in) Davey street ; Miss Ella. Morriahy (musical tuition), " Hillbro'," Church street DruiDicAL - The usual fortnightly meeting of the Pride of Tasmania, No. 320, was held on Thursday, at the lodge-room, Working men's Club, A.D. Bro. Solomon in the chair. There was a good attendance of members, and visiting brethren from the Oakleaf and Fern Bower Lodges, After the usual business had been crane moved, the worthy A.D. Bro. Solomon called on P.A. Bru. 'Mulhouse (Oikleal Lodge) to present P.A. Bro. W. G. Gear with a handsome framed letter of thanks for past services rendered to the lodge. Bro. Millhouse in making the presentation, referred to the services of Bro. Gear, and amid the good brother deserved the company. not paid dim, as he had always been a bald working and painstaking IHuor of the District, Bro. Gearsuiiubly replied. An adjournment for harmony took place, the following brethren taking pass: Bros. Ling, Gibbons, Solomon, Hart, AudroiiB.Gear.Balulion: Bro Millhouse presiding at the piano. A letter of condor once was ordered to be sent to the family of the late Bro. Peter (Fern Bower Lodge) The lodge closed at 10 o'clock, after a very pleasant evening had been spent, [The secretary might have sent this in our publication on Friday.] CONCERT FOR THE BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. A concert in aid of the Hobart Benevolent Society is to be given in the Town-hall on the 21st inst. The hon. secretary is Miss Nina Abbott. A REHEARSAL (under the direction of Mr. T. Sidney Moore) of the humorous cantata, John Gilpin, will be held on Monday next at 7.30 p.m., preparatory to producing and at one of the entertainments now being given in series at Davey- street Sunday school- room. The use of acid room in granted, in consideration thereof, for the above and fi Bowing rehearsals. It will be proposed, at this meeting, the desirability of organis- ing a society upon the following bain : (1) In the interest of music; (2) mutual pleasure and improvement ; (3) (and perhaps, chiefly) for united unsectarian co-operation that works prepaid by the society may (by vote) be given impartially for the benefit of any good purpose. Those willing to assist will be cordially welcomed. Time, 7.30 TATTERSALL'S DIHXBÍBOTION OF SVONKI PROPERTIES. The following are the winners of the first seven prizes in Tattersall's did tribution of Sydney city and suburban freehold properties, held yesterday, and which closed with a subscription list of 8,000, the prizes,' therefore, being pro rara: 1st prize, valued at £4,00, No. 3 075, J. Webb, U.Z. Permanent artillery, Lyttohou. New Zealand ; 2nd prize, valued at £1,260, No. 5.812, G. Ahearne, Beard fy Street, Armidale, New South Wales; 3rd prize, valued at £500. No. 7,019, W. JUlfou', Camp Hotel, Werribee, Victor!. ; 4th prize, valued at £250, No. 4,724, to. Reliub, Toorak, Melbourne, Victoria ; 5th prize, valued at £250, No. 2,639, McLean and Gallogbor, care of W. J. McLean, Black Mountain, New South Wales; 6th prize, £250, No. 3 419, J. Baker, Sciruoro-utreet, New Glenelg. South Australia; 7th prize. £250, No. 5 016, J. Ralston Smith, 173, Pitt-street.', sydney. ________ 