BUSTING A BOGEY. The "Herald" has- done good service to the oause of truth and decency by Bending to the limbo of exploded lies a bogey which, it appears, has for eome time past been regularly on show at meet- mgb ©f the unco guiuandof the teetotallers, causing horror to the many credulous old women — male and female — who re gularly attend these. Such. people are only too ready to credit, and many of them to add to and zealously pass on, any etory, however improbable it might be on the face of it, so long &b; All rtUUID W « WCU.UUWU, a jiuwuviw| or other person oonneoted with the, to them, nefarious liquor traffic. These self-satisfied folk are so eertain that they are on the road to heaven, and all who oppose them are going straight for tiie other place, that they see no harm in -painting the latter in the blaekest colors.- And right heartily they set about their task. In witness of which is to be quoted that bogey of tbe three naked barmaids whioh the " Herald " has so pleasantly, but so effectually, laid. We do not know that there is much to add to the moralising of our contemporary in this matter, but we would, in passing, point out the studiously moderate manner in whioh the expose of this dis- rfinntable efcorv has been regarded by the Trade, and the contempt with whioh its members regard those people who have, with various additions and embellish- ments, been passing along, Bnowball- like, the ridiculous story which the " Herald " exposes. How different would the re ligious and teetotal fanatics act were they to thus sheet home to those connected with the spirit trade eome yarn reflecting on d» methods ©f procednre of the former. Denunciations calculated to raise the roof would thunder from every little Bethel and teetotal meeting throughout the land._ Let these gentry learn a lesson from this moderation. The credulous pflmmif- v>q tiirpft_ffitfin (men., another eqoaQy valuable one from the foUowingexcellent remarks by a 11 Eegolar Beader," which appeared in our evening contemporary of yesterday. He writes : — " The laying in your Saturday's issue of that ghost of the three barmaids, 1 mid codings on,' whioh has been so persis tently trotted out at religious and tem perance meetings, should impress upon well-meaning but credulous people the desirability, when about to pass on a doubtful story, of bearing in mind Mark Twain's aphorism, that 4 one of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a oat has only nine lives.' Verb sap" 