SJems of JutetosL « ' An electric swing at the World's Fair carries twenty-four persons, and swings a distance of 900 feet. I A new uaving material "almost as soft as carpet to the tread " will be welcomed in the noisy London streets. Such a one exists consisting of blocks of granulated cork and bitumen compressed. The games of dominoes, chess, trictrac, baccarat, and lansquenet, have cotne from China and are very old, running back two or t-hree thousand years b.c. The value of gold received at the United States Mint last year was £20,000,000, or £4,200,000 less than in J891. The purchases of silver by the same institution was 54,129.727oz. Since 1873 no less than 458,1 09, 529oz. have been purchased by the United States Government at a" cost of £95;000,000. A man weighs less at noon and midnight than at sunrise or sunset, at the time of new moonand full moon,owiug to the moon's and sun's attraction then acting together. In fact he is subject to the same force which causes the tides. In 1875 the City of Richmond's time- from Liverpool to New York was 7 days 19 hours 45 minutes. This record was beaten recently by nearly two days by the Campania. Pointers were introduced into this country from Spain in the middle of the last century. The act of " pointing " on the game being scented had at first to be carefully taught, but has now become instinctive. A block of zinc-seven feet long, six feet wide, and four1 feet thick, and weighing 14,000 pounds, is being sent from Arkansas to the World's Fair. . The block is merely a lump broken off a solid mass of thirbeeen and a quarter million pounds. The pulse of a newborn infant b'eatg 130 or 140 a minute ; of a man from 21 to 60, 70 or 75 a minute ; in old age, between 75 and 85. Scorpions are so numerous in the city of Durarigo, Mexico, that the municipal autho rities have offered a prize to the person who kills tlie largest number. In "general the city pays 69 cents a hundred for those killed and 80,000 were destroyed last year. The licensed hunters have the right to enter private houses and search for them. The variety which abounds is the Centrurm \ vittatua, the commonest scorpion in the States, where it flourishes from Mexico to North Carolina. Many of the Pittsburg glass companies are placing plants in position to make gas, the natural gas supply having given out. The object is to avoid going back to 6olid fuel. The Post Office last year delivered 1,767,500,000 letters, 241,600,000 post-cards 495,300,000 book packets, 162,800,000 news papers, and 49,378,365 parcels. An ingenious American claims to have in vented an engine that will propel a vessel of 5,000 tons at 35 miles an hour. The motive power is obtained from — sugar and chlorate of potash. Foxes are numerous in districts around the Cumberland Mountains and so rapacious that the shepherds of Buttermere have been burning lamps in the fields at niglit to scare them, and even then many lambs have been snatched up. All the foxhounds of the mountain districts have beenoutdoingtheir best to .destroy .the vermin, and the Bunca- thra pack killed the forty third fox a few days ago". A wonderful freak of nature in the vege- - table kingdom may be observed a short dis tance east of Ashburnham, Massachusetts. A tree, about the size of a large apple- tree ... has a limb about 18m. or 20in. in diameter. Persons have dug down and found buc one root underneath, but it has two kinds of foliage, that of a pine and that of an oak. In the fall of the years burrs fall on one side and acorns on the other. In Vienna, Austria, has been opened a postage-stamp museum, were more than 100,000 stamps may be seen arranged in three large rooms. Among the rare speci mens are the stamps used in the balloon and pigeon despatches of the Franco-German War in 1870-71. A bar of iron worth a sovereign, worked into horse-shoes, is worth £2 ; made into needles it is worth £70 ; made into penknife- blades it is worth £657 ; made into balance- springs of watches it is worth £50,000. American invention annihilates time. Raw whisky, it is affirmed, can becoverted into whisky twenty years old by a brief process, which cools the liquid to about 70deg. b-low zero, and passes a current' of - electricity through the alcoholic solution. A horse can live25 days without solid food, merely drinking water ; seventeen days i without either eating or drinking ; and only five days when eating solid food, and not drinking, says an experienced horseman. ' Seafish and shellfish are hatched artifici ally on an enormous scale in 'Norway , aud North America. The Newfoundland - , hatchery turning out in one year fifteen millions of cod fry and four hundred millions of young lobsters. The largest lathe in the world has been constructed by Messrs. W. Sellers and Co., for theNavalGutfShopabwashingtoU.S A. It weighs 500, OOOlbs., and is 133ft. in length Its greatest height is 2ft., its greatest width TOffc. 6in., audits boring capacity 16in. The new lathe is capable of turning out guns with a 16in.-bore, more than one-third as big again as the guns uow in use. One of the most ancient landmarks of England is Fariiham Castle, the home of the Bishop of Winchester. It first became a fortress in the troublous times of Henry de Blois, who was brother to King Stephen and Bishop of Winchester. It was taken in 1216 by Louis the Dauphin, but recaptured and restored to thesee in 1218. In Henry Ill's reign it was partly destroyed, though soon afterwards rebuilt. Coleridge was not only a fair naturalist, but even an astronomer. The star in the dark inside of the rim of the crescent moon, which has so often puzzled readers of the "Ancient Mariner," is an actual pheno menon. On clear evenings, when the moon is in her first quarter, a bright star-like spot may sometimes be seen in the shadowed disc, at some distance from the bright crescent. It. probably is. however, not a star, but the light of the sun reflected from some loftyJunar peak. There are still natives in the Melanesian Islands who remember when a white man was first seen and what he was taken to be. When Bishop Patterson landed at Motn, for instance, he entered an empty house, the owner of which had lately died. This settled the question : he was the ghost of the late householder. The visitor, especially if lie is a whaler, is soon discovered by his '" behaviour uot to be a ghost, but he cannot be a living man, for in thai ca-e he would be - bluck ; he is, therefore, probably a mischie vous spirit, bringing disease and disaster. " I wonder if that is sheet music she is playing?" — k "Why!" " Weil, it seems to fall more like a web blanket on the Qompany.' 