The Church & Working Men. The following is tho oonoluding por tion of tbo interesting paper on M Tho Eolation of tho Ohurou to tho Working Classes, " road by tho Kov. j. Frowso at a pablio mooting in ho Prosbytcrian uuuron auring tuo rrimitivo Metuoaist Conforonoo recently hold horo :— Furthormoro: I obscrro that if tho ouurcu is io regain nor uoia upon tuo working classes, and to bo a great lead ing and governing forco in tho com munity, nor attitudo must not only bo ono of sympathetic friendliness, but also of foarloss oourago. Dr. Fnirhoirn says : To moot tho needs of tho thoughtful working man tho sermon must. chaugo its oharaotcr and range, moust not fear to deal with tho cod/ti; quostions of rollgion, to ro?8tat/f 1 ro-diaonss tho gronc raystorioR ay/ \nity, to Wio oritioism airAk a of." thoJ- ethics, and apply thom .to all tho problems and occasions of lifo. Thoro is nothing, says ho, which tho- pulpit so muoli needs as courago. Thoso words i aro Vory significant, ospocially so, when compared with what otir own oars hare caught. Ono of tho 'many ro&sons; as signod by tho working olassos for not attonding churoh is, that tho pulpit is afraid to speak out tho mind of God. Thoy bluntly toll us that wo do not sympathise with popular moromonts, that wo stand aloof from tho struggles of labor, and that wo do not donounco as wo ought tho evils of social and political lifo. Perhaps thoro is room for tho accusation. I sorrowfully admit that ho churoh has lagged behind, and that tho pulpit has boon too ofton dumb in tho prosonca of long established abuses. But a change has sot io, and to-day ministers o£ all- denominations aro show ing a determination to direct tho thoughts of moa aright, to instruct and stimulate tho public conscionco, and to apply to tho shifting issuos of tho day tho eternal laws of trnth and right. And whoncvor this is-- tho caso tho working classes listen, and tho pulpit io fast becoming tho strongest, tho most blossod and tho ,most glorious influonco for good amongst 'non. Ic is woil that tho church should know that tho working classes aro heartily niok of a ministry that deals exclusively with mattors rotating to a futuro life. Thoy cravo for a moro bumano Gospel. Deep down in their hearts thcro is a growing desire for a Christianity that is capablo of taking up tho cross of their social wrongs, and re constructing society4 according to tho mind of Jesus Christ. Thoy demand that Christianity shall bo tried by its sooial effectiveness, by its power to socuro tho welfaro, physical, intellectual, moral, of tho great' mass of men. It is bccauso tbo ohuroh has disregarded that command that she has got so much oat of touch with tho community. Tho church has fallen out of stop with tho masses, aud as ono writor vory pertinently puts it, the primary question is, "not a non-ohuron going community but a non-going ohuroh." Dr Fairboirn says, "Jin Protestant countries tho social dovolopmemt.h&s; outrun the roligcous, and it will only bo by the religeoas development overtaking tho social that tho church will bo able to reclaim tho masses." The Churoh is set in tho world to bo a. great leading and governing force; she is to sco God's will done on earth as it is done in Heaven, and a part of that will be to grapple with social wrongs, and to join in all lawful efforts to obtain for labour its due rewards. Nover was there a timo when tho churoh needed moro fearless courago than at present. She noeds courago to stand out against the deeply rooted prejadico of of thoso within hor p&lo; who insist that the. church has nothing to do with theso modern developments. Sho needs courago to donounco tho absolate wrongnoss of certain existing conditions, aud to proclaim a Gospel that has an equally important message for tho sweater's den, for tho toiler at bis bench and for the Capitalist at his desk, as it is for the Sabbath and for the Sanctuary. If the church is to striko a responsive chord in tho heart ot tho working classes, sho must foarlossly deal with those questions th&t; aro uppermost in their thoughts. I do not plead for partisanship on tho part of tho ohuroh, but I protest with all the powei of my being, Qgainst a cowardly and criminal neutrality. The Church is the organised moral sentiment of society, and she will botray her most sacred func tion if she refuses to utter licr judgment upon such-burning questions as Labour and cnpital, tho drink traffic, tho land taws, the sweating system, unrestricted competition, a living wage, better house- ing of tho poor, and compulsory arbitra tion. Thoso questions, almost to tho ex clusion of all others, are occupying tho minds of tho working classes, and the church cannot ignore thom without in curring great responsibility. Let tho ml pit fearlessly deal with thoso problems . jet it faithfully proclaim a gospel that combines tbosublimoethiosof the sermon on tho Mount, with tho over thrilling story of the cross, and then the working classes will listen. Tho ohuroh will como moro in touch with tho community, and the human will be lifted more to tuo level of tho Divine. There no vor was a timo when tho roal minister, and tho living church, were moro beloved by tho common people. Thoro novor was a time when tho working classes wero more willing to hoar tho Christianity of Ohrist proolaimod, Despite all tho turmoil and confusion and indifforcnco wo witness around us, tbo pcoplo still lovo the minister who has broad viows, a targe heart, and fearless courage, and who is prepared to break, away from orthodox custom, to grasp them by. the hand, and to briag them near tho kingdom of heaven upon earth. But the relation of tho ohuroh to the working classos should mean oven some thing moro than this. Thoro should not only bo an attitude of sympathetic friondli- noss and fearless conrago,but of JSnterprisinq Effort : Tho oharch should aim at doing somothing moro praotical than sho has hitherto attempted. Wo aro confronted with a great army of unemployed in tho colouies; could not tbo churoh initi&to; somp schomo that would find work for these people ? Could she not form a farm colony, with manu factory, tochnicol training classes, nnd every other necessary appliance? This may seem a strange proposal, but it would bo a very Uhrist-liko work nevertheless. Could not tho okurcli imitato tho example of the Salvation Army and build rosoue homes, nightly skolters, food dopots, labor bureaus, and otkor institutions of social amelioration ? By inoviug along tlmart Una tliA nliitrftlt tvnnM lin aIiIa fn brine help and liopo to thousands ot tho holpioss and hopcloss, who havo been mado holpioss aud hopeless by tho terriblo conditions ot sooioty, but ovory ono oE whom Christ died. But perhaps you say tho ohuroh has not tho monoy to do this work ; truo, but thou alio has an immense power for raising monoy. A man was onco stopped by a robber who domanded his money. "X havo nono," was tlio reply. " X havo just boon to a AXotbodist meeting." Tbo Mothodist Churoh . is noted for its power to raise money. Sho has ratsod thousands of poqnds for loss worthy purposes, and X beliero sho could If al)o tried raise tho neeessary funds for tbo initiating of somo such work as I havo mentioned. You may smile and look sooptieal, hut X for ono Jook forward to tbo fqtnro with groat hopo, and I havo faith to bclioro that what a "dividod Methodism has failed to attempt, a united Methodism will tako up, and carry to a successful issue. Let tho Methodist Ohuroh of tho Australian coioaios add to hor religious crusndo that of "Sooial ltoforcu, 1 and her oudoavors to seek to saro tho body, will increase a thousand fold hor chances of saving tho soul. Wo lmvo boon romindod from this platform to-night of "Tho powor of Penteacst as tho only forco that can moro tho world." X boliovo it with all my heart. Whon splondid nrohiteoturo, culti vated preaching, elassieal music, sensa tional methods, and sooial efforts fail, and ieavo tho onurou jiowcrloss to grapple with tho growing evils of tho ngo. Tlio baptism of tho Holy Gbost can inako hor "Fair ns tlio mono, elenr ns tho sun, and torriblo a» an army with banuors." Lot tho ohurchos of Queensland roeoivo tho bnptism of tho Holy Ghost, aud with it thoro will como not cfjiy syrapathotio friendlinnjs, and fenrlosjjbourago. hut bold ontorpriso. It iB a/ Vjiam of light, ofwr'l o'Jicrial'ty ormj-yte) of every P.'jTi roal prqc- JekuJa" and thoy will need no moro conforoucos on "How to roach tho Masses." Multi tudes will ilook in a porpotual stroam to thoir bordorc, and, "'day by day the Lord will add to us as in tho days of yoro." Brothreo, tho day m which wo livo tromblos with mystorious desUnios, bnt wo nocd know no despair if wo keep io mind that duty foarlossly followed must lead to viotory. 