THE ENGINE DRIVER'S STORY. ' IT was at this time the dreariest bit of track in Australia," said Driver Dunn. " We raced across a plain for about ten miles seeing an occasional house circling away in the distance, but everything else suggested awful loneliness. Then the line merged into some thinly-timbered country, the edge of Salt-Horse Jommy's run, dull, grey, horrible country, suggestive of fossilised jim-jams, and giving a fellow the idea that it would be haunted by grey devils and the ghosts of lost travellers and swaggios and such like. " During all the time I was driving on this line I saw only one mau. He was a rabbit-trapper, I heard afterwards, working for Salt Horse. Sometimes we'd see him sitting on the post and rail fence gazing at the train in a looney way like a wild cow, you know, but he seemed to get queerer as months went on, and eventually he was there every time I passed, waiting for the train. His • hut must ha ve been a couple of miles back, but he never failed to lw 011 hand when we went tearing past. " I thought that perhaps his terrible loneliness had driven him to this, and that he found the train and the bare glimpse of the passengers a break in the dull, deadly monotony of liis life, but I noticed at length that'lie always seemed to be expecting something to happen. Often as we approached I would see him far ahead on the line, and I noticed, too, that after we had passed he ran on to the line again, and seemed to examine the sleepers closely. "Let me tell you, he was a strange-looking fellow, tall and gaunt, and his clothes hung on him in rags, and the strange greyness of his skeletonlike face almost made me shudder. " I started imagining all sorts of horrors, until that lone, rabbitter out beyond the plains became a terrible trouble to me. I feared that he meditated mischief, and that a disaster would result if we were not careful. " My stoker. Henry Taunton, I found when we talked the matter, had similar ideas, and one day when I saw the stranger far a-head of us on the line in a stooping position, I resolved to go for him and clear up the mystery. " ' There is that blauky chap at it again, Harry, 5 I said. * I'll pull up when we get HI both jump from the engine and go : for him, and find out his little game.' " Harry was on, so at the right moment I shut off steam, and down with the brakes, and presently the couple of us jumped from the engine, and made for that rabbitter. He didn't attempt to escape, but when he saw the train stop he started jumping around like a kid, laughing and yelling: ' I've got it! I've got it!' "Of course there was a great commotion amongst the passengers. They jumped off when they saw us collar the stranger, and pressed about excitedly, wanting to know what 011 earth was the matter. " This fellow's stuck something on the rails with the intention of wrecking the train, I believe," says 1. At that the passengers looked particularly ugly, and lent a hand in dragging the thin man back to the rails. " But the stranger didn't mind ; he kept <111 laughing in a wild way, and crying out, ' I've got it; I've got it,' " We pulled him to the spot where I'd seen him fooling amongst the ballast, but when we 1111- earthed his infernal engine, what do you think it was ? ' "A rabbit trap—a little harmless wi re ail air. Poor devil! he'd lived out there, trapping in the crushing solitude till he'd gone looney, and for over six months he'd been trying to cateh a great locomotive and ten carriages with a rabbit trap. " We stuck liirn in the van, and brought him 011. He was all right after a year in the asylum, but nothing would ever get him to the bush again 1 have heard. 