I » WHEAT OR CHAFF í" I IBr RioHT Rev. J. O. RYLE, D.D., Bishop I of LrvmrcioL. I " WhoHO fan is in His hand, and Ho will thoroughly purga His floor, and gathor His wheat Into Ills garner, but Ita will burn up the chaff with unquenchable lire." Xheru ere only two classes of people in the world in the «ig ht of God, and both are men- tioned in this text, There are those who are called '. Wheat," and those who are called "Chaff." Viewed with the eye of man, the earth contain« many different «ort« of inhabitant«. Viewed with the «ya of God, it contain« only two -Man's eye look« at the outward appearance This ii all he think« of. The eye of God look« at the heart. This ia the only part of which He 'take« any account, and tried by the state of their hearts, there are but two claise« into which people can be divided-either they are wheat or chaff. Preacher, who are the wheat io the world ? I will tell you. Xha wheat means all men and women who ara believer« in the L,rd Jesus Christ. All who are led by the Holy Spirit. All who have felt them- selves sinners, and fled for refuge to the salvation offend in the Gospel. All wno love the Lord Jesus, and live to the Lord Jesus, and aerve the I their only confidence, and the Bible for their enly guide, and regard «lu as their deadliest enemy, and look to heaven as their only home-all «uch, of every church, name, nation, people, and tongue, of every rank, .tallon, condition, and degree-all «uch are God'« wheat. Show me men of this kind anywhere, and I know what they are. I know not thatihey and I may agree ia all particular«, but 1 see in them the handiwork of the King of Kings, and I aak no mor*. I know not whence they came, and where they found their religion, but I know when they are going, and that ia enough for me. They are the children of my Father in Heaven. They are part of Hi« wheat. All such, though sinful, vile, and unworthy in their own «yes, are the precious part of mankind. They ara tha son« and daughter« of God the Father. They are the delight of God the Bon. They are the babilion of God the Spirit The Father behold» no iniquity in them s they are member« of Hu dear Son's body ; in Him He, sees them, and is well pleased. The Lord Jesus discern« in them the fruit of Hi« own travail and work upon the cross, and is well satisfied. The Holy Ghost regards them as spiritual temple« which Ho Himself bos reared, and rejoice« over them. In a word, they are the " Wheat of the earth!" Preacher, who are the " chaff " in the world ? 1 will tell you this also. The chaff means all men and women who have no saving faith in Christ, and no sanctification of the Spirit, what- soever they may be. Some of them, perhaps, are infidels, and some are formal Christians. Some are sneering Sadducees, and some self-righteous Pharisees. Some of them make a point of keeping up a kind of Sunday religion, and others are utterly careless of everything except their own pleaaure and the world. But all alike, who have the two great marks already menttonsd -no faith and no sanctification- all such are "chaff." All, all are standing in the rank before God. All, all are "chaff." They bring no glory to God the Father. They neglect that mighty salvation, which countiess millions of angels admire. They disobey that Word which was graciously written for their learning. They listan not to the voice of Him who condescended to leave heaven and die for their sins. They pay no tribute of service and affection to Him who gave tbem life and breath and all thugs, and therefore God takes no pleasure in them. He pities them, but be reckons them no bettor than chaff. Yea, you may have rare intellectual gifts and high mental attain- ments. You msy sway kingdoms by your counsel, move million« by your pen, or keep ero arda in breathless attention by your tongue; but if you have never submitted Îourself to the yoke of Christ, and never onoured his Gospel by heartfelt re- ception of it, you are nothing in His sight. The meanest insect that crawl« Is a nobler being than you. It, flu« it« place in creation, and glorifies ita Maker with all it« power, and you do not. You do not honour God with heart and will and intellect and member«, which are aU His. You invert His order and arrangement, and live aa if time were of more importance than eternity and body better than soul. You dare to neglect God's greatest gift, His own incarnate Son. You are cold about a subject which fills all Heaven with Hallelujah«, And «o long aa this 1« the case, you belong to the worthless part of mankind. You are the "chaff" of the earth. There are many and various minds io every congregation that meet for religious worship. But the eye of Jesus sees only two divisions in the congre- gation-the wheat and the chaff. Reader, I know well the world dislikes this way of dividing professing Christians. The world trias hard to fancy tbar* ara three sorts of , people, and not two. To be very good and very strict does not suit the world They cannot; they will not be saints. To have no religion at all would not suit the world ; it would not be respectable. " Thank God," they will ssy, *' we are not so bad as that." But to have religion enough to be saved, and yet not go into extreme ; - to be sufficiently good, and yet not be peculiar ; to have a quiet, easy going, moderate kind of Christianity, and go comfortably to heaven after all-this is the world's favourite idea. There is a third-class, a safe middle class, the world fancies ; and in this middle du« the majority of men persuade themselves they will be found. Reader, I denounce this notion of a middle class ss an immense and soul-turning delusion. I warn you strongly u*t to be carried away by it. It i« as vain an invention as tha Pope'« purgatory. It ii a refuge of hi«, a Russian ice-palace, a vast unreality, an empty dream. This "middle class" is a class of Christian« no- where spoken of in the Bible. There were two classes lu the day of Noah's flood : those who were inside tha ark,'and those that were outside; two in the parable of the Gospel net-the good fish and the bad; two in the «arable of the ten virgins- the " wise" and the foolish ;" two ia the account of the Judgment day-the «beep and the goats ; two sides of the throne, th* right hand and the left ; two abode« when the last sentence has been passed-Heaven and hell. Just so, there are only tiro classes in the visible church on earth ; those who are in the state of nature, and those who are in the state of grace, those who are in the narrow way, and those who' are in the broad ; those who have faith and those who have not faith ; those who have been converted, and those who have not been converted ; those who are with Christ, and those who are against Him. Into these two «lasse« the whole professing Church of Christ may be divided. Dear reader, see now what cause there is for self-inquiry. Are you among the " wheat" or among the "chaff?" Neutrality le impossible. Which daua are you ¡u' You attend church perhaps. You go to the Lord's table. You like good people. You can distinguish between good preaching and bad. You think Popery false, and oppose it warmly. You think Protestantism true, and support it cordially. You subscriba to religious societies; you attend religious meeting«. You sometimes read religious books. That is well. It is good, is all very good. It is more than can be said of many. But still Ibis Is not a straightforward answer to my ques- tion. " Are you wheat, or are you chaff ?" Have you been barn again ? Are you a new creature ? Have you put off the old man and put on the new I Have you ever felt your ?Ins, and repented of them? Are you looking simply to Christ, for pardon and lue eternal ? Do you love Christ ? Do you serve Christ ? Do you loathe heart sins, and fight against them ? Do you long for perfect holiness ? Have you some out from me waria; uo you delight in the Bible ' Do you love Christ's people' Do you try to do good to the world ? Ara you vite in your own eye«, and willing to take the lowest place? Are you a Christian In business, and pn week days, and at your own fireside I Reader, remembn my ques- tion-"Are you wheat or chaff?" Our text say* that Christ will on* day do to His pro- fessing Church what the farmer doss to his corn: H* will winnow and sift it. "He «hall thoroughly purge His floor." Then the wheat and the chaff will be divided. There is no separation yet. Good and bad are now mingled together. Believers and unbeliever«, converted and unconverted, holy and unholy, ara all to ba found now among those who call themselves Christian«. They kneel sida -by sid* in1 our paws. They litten sida by sid* to our cannons. They sometime« coate np s|d* by «(de to tha Lord's table, and receive th* same bread and wine iron» our banda. But it shall not always be so. Christ shall com* the second time with His fan in Hi* «and, and than th* whsat and tha chaff shall be separated, and web go to ita own place. Fearful «hall that «epatitian ba ! Th* wheat shall make up one company, th* chaff shall make up another. The one company will be all godly, theothar all ungodly, stach shall b* by thsmselves, and a grast gulf bétwsan that non* can pass. Biassed Indeed «ball tha righteous b* on that day 1 Tbsy shall shin* llketb* «tan, no longer obscured by cloud*. They «hall be beautiful as tha lily, no longer choked with thorn«. Wretched indeed will the ungodly be 1 How corrupt will corruption bo without on* grain of salt to season it? How dark will darkness be when left without one spark of light 1 Ah, reader, it ia not enough to respect or admire the Lord'« people : you mutt belong to them, or you will one day ba parted from them forever. There will be no chaff in Heaven Many, many are the families where nue will be taken and the other Iel«, Who is there among my readers who loves the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity ? If I know anything of tho heart at a Christian, your greatest trials are the company of worldly p*opl*; your greatest joy« in the company of th« saints Yes, there ara many weary days whan your spirit feels broken and orusMd by th* earthly-ton* of all around you; day* whan you could cry witbJDavid,,",W«* b at* shs«] dwell In Maseeh 1* --. ' - ^ 1 (TébeeemOemed.) 