THE ITC^-mBO. Saittileineui to ' Three JSoniks itr tire Piirruiuiilin Poor IIoti.se.'' By 'Omicbos.' » CniELKS Srrr.T ' in 'Truth ' has earned (lie gratitude o£ the commuaity by his contri bution on the subject o£ the system in vogue at a pauper Asylum in Parramatta. With impartial hand ho drew aside the veil that covered a elate of things discreditable -1.1... r__. ? ;n ..nnhr lint to a puUilC ADStiLUblUU - la uuxauvij, w«-.w more especially to in the enlightened and Christian colony of New iSeuth V ales. The Institution, which is the subject of hie able philippic, is one of those supported by, and under tbe patronage and control of, the Government of the colony, and is ctrried on Virtually iu the name and cause oE Charily. The public and the Government have now been afforded the opportunity of an insight into a slate of tilings never dreamt of in their philosophy. One can scarcely, after reading » Charles Sturt'p.' story, reaiiee that Charily (that much abiisod sentiment of the human heart) can be accepted in relation to anything within tbe atmosphere ot a Pauper Asylum. It may be that the damp — perchance damu'd ? night air, tainted with the pestiferous miasma of that apparently God-forsaken locality, chills the hearts of the officials there who live on an increment, not un earned, but sometimes earned as we now know how ; and has the effect of dissipating the ordinary feelings aad sympathies of humanity which should be in their breasts. At any rate it is my wish to supplement 'Charles Sturt's icdictmsnt by giving the public in ' Truth ' a sketch of my experionoa in another branch attached to this Asylum. I would premise that the Editor need not fear to handle this paper, inasmuch as it is now Borne months since I escaped from the jaws of a living death iu that 'other branch' of the Asylum mentioned, and that for my own satisfaction and that of my friends I im mediately on my exodus consulted and took the advice and opinion of a first- class medical practitioner in Sydney; and that opinion was, that j certainly had not anything the matter ?with me that presented the least ocoasiou for my suiting certain action to the coliloquy gratefully uttered, ' God Bless the Duke of Argyle.' t I am not going lo say ' Tell it not in Gath,' because I am publishing to the world, and in ? Truth ' recording the fact that I had come direct from the Itch-Ward in Harris-street. Parramatta. T JlJ ,,/id ma ass I iUwAtt wTv A ITHtfllFft ftl x UIU n\th gv fcuoio -- CurioBity, PhiUntlirophy aod Poverty ; but through ill-health, senility and poverty. And now, reader, if yon will bear with me awhile I will tell you truthfully and unreservedly how I got there and was kept there a prisoner in accordance, as I was told, with tbe laws of this colony. I will laconically record some thing pf my experience, and a few of the cir cumstances that exercised my mind during my imprisonment there. It is a place of ? i.i-t. - .... Laha Hon lansf. AAnnanfT/in iTU'LJJ III! UUri l/AU BBto tus *oul' uvuia/jhakm who has not been there in the flesh, whether with a soimcf shin or otherwise. Veriiy, an j-v-V 'Aternue' to which the descent in my case was facile indeed, f Well, ill-health, fulness of yeais, and J emptiness of purse, obliged me to obtain ad I mission to a hotpital in forma pauperis, and ft in that caBe I had to appear before a doctor |r representing tbe Board of Health iu Sydney, S;' who- after the usual examination, sent me to «v a Govc(nment Institution, as he called it, cer tifying that I was suffering from senile f: debility. I am 'three score and ten,' I may it#. explain. :ihat Government Institution was the % Asylum for the Infirm aad Destitute at £ George-street- Parramatta, of the merits and 6\. dements- the uses and abuses of which the l|i leaders of Truth have been enlightened by Charleq Sturt. ffiw Arrived there, I had to appear before some fe-; 'officials,' in a horribly dirty apartment— ap- Hfo:- parently something between a wash-house, a fe: scullery, end a bath-room; at any rate ablu gig.', tioas warp taking place there amongst the m en. lip ? I was roughly told by Bn offioial, who eyed mo with a 'who the devil are you ?' kind of Bp * expression, to sfrip. Having partly complied fef- with this- to me, surpriaing and unnecessary requirement, another official was called iu, and the result was I was told to 'get into my things.' And, 'ays yer 'adyertea?' came abruptly from a man not dressed in official garb, and who I now know was an '.inmate worker.' I humbly replied, in accents as agreeable as I could, ? No, I have not.' He put a pieca of bread on a dirty bench and poured some liquid into a half-pint mug. 'There y'ar,' cams from his lips, as with very dirty bands he put the rest of tbe bread into a cupboard. As I had scarcely had anything to eat since breakfast at 8 o'clock — it was now 5 — ani as I was weary and faint, and also in order that it might not appear that I declined the cour teously-proffered meal, I partook of both. Reader, it has been said that 'one half the world knows not how tbe other half lives.' My experiences have indeed assured me of the truth of this adage. I was then told that I must go down to Harris-street, Where or what that was I had not the least idea, aB I bad never even heard of it But a thought Sashed through my brain — Could I go doicn lower thaa I was? Possibly ! It will, I think, be teen that Harris-street is worse than George street. Well, I was conducted there at any rate, and went indeed like a lamb to the slaughter. Had I known what experience I was to undergo I would Merer— (I was still a free man, with my small bag containing a change of underclothing) — never, I Bay, have entered those gates at Harris-street. Harris-street ia a place of which it may well be said, ' abandon hope all ys who enter here ' ; and I may hers mention that subsequently I heard an inmate say. in acoents of despair, 'When a man gets in here, it ia his last state.' Had I known what I know now, I would rather have tried to walk to Sydney and slept in the Domain.' The ' officials ' alluded to were, in the main, rude, ignorant and calloue in their manner — why this should be I cannot conceive. They are all dressed in blue olotb, and are therefore called 'blue-coat boys.' Their appearance is something between a railway porter, a ship'e-steward and a fire- brigade man in mufti They had decided (I learned ?when too late), that f had shin-disease. Harris-street, as we now know, is ' the Itch 'Ward.' But, I Tenture to say, that these officials really know as little abput skin diseases as thoy are likely ever to know of a Seventh Heaven. At Harris-street 1 was relsgated to a bed on the floor under the staircase, from the wood work of which and the wainscot nightly issue forth hosts of small but object tonal bed-fellows. To my surprise I was told by tbe chief attendant that I was sent there became they said at George-street that I had skin-disease, and that the Doctor would examine me in the morning and if ha confirmed it I should not be able to leave until / was cured. Great God ! The thought made my blood atop iu its circulation. Cured I Cured of wbat ? Of skin-disssse, whioh I had not ! Yet, oh, horror, 1 was among those whp had it, and might catch it. Reader, pause and imagine my feelings, if you can. You can not 1 The most terrible csnceptioa would fall short of actuality, I strongly protested that I had no itching or anything in the nature of akin-disease and never had. The morning came, and with it the Doctor. It did not require much acumen or snbtilty of intellect to suggest the fear that the Doctor would not ignore tbe opinions of ths erudite officials at George-street I wa% con demned. So was the ghost of Hamlet's father, condemned to walk the night, etc., till the foul deeds done ip his nature were purged away. But how and when was I to bo purged of that whioh was non-existent in my nature or my skid ? I thought of the horrors of yellow fever, Asiatic cholera and Sgua, and of poor lapers, but the horror of my imagination of these dwindled to nothingness when compared with ths thought of my posi at Harris-atrset. Crssa ignorance in others had condemned me to a state of things fearful to contemplate. I may have occasion to refer to this again later on j but I will now give some descrip tion of the piss? specially net apart for persons afflicted, or said to be afflicted, with contagious diseases of the akin. I was of the latter category, although I had pointed out to the Doctor that I had no symptom of any such affliotion, and referred him to the certificate of Dr Faton, the Government medical-adviser. The sapient man merely shrugged his shoulders, and left me to my fate. ..... The ground oecnpied by this 'branch is about 100ft square, and is enclosed by a wooden paling on three sides, and flanked on the fourth side by four cottages rented by the Government. There are about 100 man in different stages and conditions of corruption packed into these cottages, which really are fit only to accommodate 70 or 80 at the moat, But what doss this mntterr-they arc only 'paupers, whem nobody ^owos.' However, among them woe® & few educated men* und with them I conversed. Soma expressed surprise at my being there. To these I told my atory, and from them heard theirs, I oould not hsl - thinking of Hamlet's words, 'Aad in this harsh world, draw thy breath in pain to fe I my story.' Several of these poor fallows neclared most positively that they had no akin disease whan they ware brought there, but had; caught it since. This I only partially believed, but it was just what I dreaded. It had occured to me ? and others that men may oe ptiua-jut ncu iu tuuic vj one est of officials with the view of ehoveiling off trouble and responsibility from themselves to others, utterly regardless of the victims eoncarned or of the interests of the Institution. They are not troubled as to tbe consequences to tho unfortunate people subject to the tender away of men clad iu a little brief authority, who give their orders in a most offensive way. Although the 'branch' was greatly over crowded when I was there, the cry wee, ' Still they oome.' ' Time and the hour run through the longest day,' and each was got through thus : — At G am., porridge; 7.30, bread and butter and coffee; at 1, meat (sometimes soup), potatoes, and bread; at 5, tea aad bread and butter ; at 8, turn in and seek the arms of Somnns, which I often did in vain for hours and hours. Now for a word about tbe officials. ' The Boss,' as ho was called, is 'Medical Superin tendent.' He is an Englishman, and was once in the Rayal British Navy, and aisociated with live Princes on their and his visit to this colony. I made au attempt to converse with him by saying that I had a brother (now dead) in the Service iu command of one of Her Majesty's ships. He shirked tbe subjeot This is not to be marvelled at, for his rich florid face is not any index of geniality, and he is not popular among the Itch Brigade. Some few, however, say that he hides a kindly heart under a cynical and unsympathetic ex terior. The immediate sub. of the medical super intendent had also been in the British Navy as ship's carpenter. He is the chief attend ant, and is generally voted to be a good sort of a rough diamond. No one had other than a good word for him. He is, of oourse, handicapped by the fads and fallacies of his superiors, most of whom, I venture to say, cannot discriminate between Itch proper and the external effect of poor or bad blood, namely, that in the latter case ths epidermis is attacked, and in tbe former tho cuticle, which, being affected generally by neglect and resultant dirt, eventually contracts disease, which becomes contagious. I had no ap pearance of that kind, as tbe Doctor I con sulted when I left deolored, although the gentleman at tho branch certified that I was not cured when I left, and thernfore 1 had to state, before leaving, that I would obtain medical treatment when I was at large — a free man. Wbat a farce ! And all because of the ignorance or citss edntss (as the Yankeos say) of men in authority. The treatment is the same for all. It consists of what is ludicrously called a warm hath twio9 a week, and a painting of tho body with sulphur solution, Bitebes of 20 or 30 havo to submit to the following process, as recommended and approved of by the Faculty ; In a not too wholesome apartmeut of very orampel dimensions there is an old metal bath, a fireplace, and a boiler. Into this bath is poured water, hot aod old, covering the bottom of it to the depth of a bare two inches. The patient has to eit in it, and he and an attendant inmate soap his body hurriedly over. The attendant pours two or three scoops of the partially dirty and perhaps infected water over him, sod he is hurried out and painted with the eolution of sulphur. The water is hurriedly allowed to run off, when mere is poured in, and the next man is called. There are generally three or foar miserable specimens of humanity at a time in this bath room, preparing to go through this hygienic piocsss. Toe atmosphere of tbe place may be imagined. I submit, however, that by such a process contagion is as likely to be spread ss disease arrested. There are, I was told, men who have been in this branch for years, and are said to be still uncurccL I beard it said tbat there are drains under the yard, but that for some unknown reason — I think I could guess it — thoy are not ucel. There is, in fact, no ostensible drainage ; bat there are three closets for these hundred men. Each consists of a largo nan or bucket. Disced under a seat — the state of things is revolting in the extreme— toe bad for description, and possibly calculated to breed typhoid or other febrile diseases. Per haps when a few dozen inmates (and may bs tbe medical staff) are carried off, things may be looked to. and a 'cleansing' of tbs 'Augean stables' take place, It badly lacks better sanitary precaution!. There are not seats or benches enough for more than half the inmates to be seated at a rime. There are not enough spoons for eat ing the porridge in tbe morning, and there fore those who are not fortunate enough to get one in the first place have to nse spoons that have just been need by others. ' The other meals are taken in batches. In (ha yard there ia a kind of abed, the oovering of which consists of a lot of loose branches of ti-tree, so arranged that in wet weather it lets in the rain on ite occupants ; and in warm, annny weather, showers of dirt and dust. Sunny weather ! Tea, gentle reader, the sun does shine on these poor, afflicted, and. imprisoned paupers I And it is not without emotion that I write these words. I secured my discharge through the asaistanoe ot a friend, whose friendship in need was friendship indeed. I was told that there were Government Inspectors, but I never aaw one, and it has been sneeringly suggested that they might be afraid of contagion or infection. Is such tho e&ie;? I merely ask tbe question, hot I oan only vouch that the visits are avidantly infre quent Many of the miserable inmates anathema tise and decry the Hoard of Health and the Government in unmeasured terms of abase, and some of their epithets and expressions are atili ringing in mine oars. ( bnvB read of Parramatta in days of yore, when associated with convict life, but I guess the state of things (hen obtaining weren't so many removes worse than the erode system of treatment in the Harris-street ward of the Asylum for Infirm and Destitute at Parra matta. 0, Temporal Q, Moresl T writ* thaan Itflfil l'n fhn trifaMif nf ttiASA I left behind me, and in tbe belief that a unt unnatural Government only reqn- re their attention fo be drawn to the prndeoosa and insanitary drawbacks these 'Life-Lepers' suffer under, to induce Mini; Vera to go to Parliament for the financial method for a more wholesome curative and precautionary system, It is not the officials who are to blame, but Officialdom, and the unnatural economy insisted on by th® State. 