A LADY IN BLACK BY F1.oEL2mC WALUDIU. CHAPTER VII. A STRANOI FANCT. " What was that " asked Mabin, with a shiver. She and Rudolph had both turned instinct. ively towa-ds the spot whence the rustling nelse had oome. " A oat, most likely," answered Rudolph. But Mabin shook her head. 'I saw something," whispered she. "It was not a cat, it was not an animal at all. It was a man." Perhaps Rudolph had had his sunplclons, for he expressed no surprise. Before he could answer her, they heard the craokling and the rustling again, but at a little dia tanoe. The Intruder was making his way through the shrubbery. " Won't you find out who it is T' whis pered the girl again. Rudolph hesitated. "Perhaps I know," eald he, shortly, "But if you wish, of corse I can make suore." Then with evident reluctance, and taking no pains to go noiselessly, he fo'lowed the intruder through the bushes, and was in time to catoh a glimpse of him as he dis. appeared over a part of the fence that was in a broken-down condition. Rudolph did not attempt to continue his pursuit, but contented himself with waiting until he heard the side gate in the garden wall of Stone House swing baok Into its place with a load creaking noise. Then he went back to Mabin. Soe was standing wher e he had left her, on the brcad gravel path under the faded laburnum. The sha dows were very deep under the trees by this time, and In the half light her young face, with its small, delicate featurer, itm dreamy, thoughtful eyes, full of the wonder of the world of the very young. looked so pretty that for the moment Rudolph forgot the errand on which he had been sent, and ap proached her with no thought of anything but the beauty and the sweetness of her face. She, all unoonsolous of this, woke him into recollection with one abrupt word. " Well?" " Oh," almost stammered he, "it was as I thought, the same person that I saw watching before." "And he went into our garden. I heard the gate," sail Mabin, with excitement. "It must be this Mr Banks. Oh, who do you think he s? What do you think he has come for V" Rudolph was silent. Even to the least curious or observant mind the circum stances surrounding both him and Mrs Dale could not seem other than mysterious. If he were a detective, and he zertainly did not look like one, surely he would not go to work in this ertravagant manner by renting a large and expensive house merely for the purpose of watching his next-door neighbor. Neither, it might be supposed, would he set to work in such a clumsy fashion as to be caught making his investigations at the very outset. Rudolph felt that the whole affair was a mystery to which he oould not pre tend to have the shadow of a clue. He oon ferFed this to Mabin. " I wish," he went on, in a gentle tone, "that I had known something of this be fore your father went away." "Why," asked Mabin in surprise, and with something like revolt in her tone. " Because I should have told him some thing, just enough, at any rate, to have made him take you away with him." Mabin was for a moment dumb with sur prise. " What," she stammered at last, " after all your talk about my being right to stand bymy friend! " Even after all that," assented Rudolph, with decision. "The matter is getting too serious," La went on gravely. "I am afraid myself of what may be going to heppen." " hen," retorted the girl, "for all your talk about meanness being exousable in a glil. I can be a better friend than you." Rudolph smiled. "Ah," add he, "you forget that with you it is only a question of your friendship for Mrs DaeI. Now I have to think of both of you." " You need not trouble yourself about ms, I asure you." " But this is just what I must do, madam, even at the risk of your eternal displeasure," said Rudolph, with a mock heroic air which concealed real anxiety. "You are not only daring enough, you are too daring where your heart is concerned, and it is the business of your friends to see that you do not suffer for your generosity." He spoke with so much quiet decision, that Mabin was impressed and rather frightened, and it was with a sudden drop from haughtiness to meekness that she then asked: '' What are you going to do then !" Rudolph hesitated. " What I should like to do," said he, " is to take yon to my mother's-" Mabin almost screamed " You won't do that," she said quietly, with her lips very tightly closed. "She would be very kind to you," suggested Rudolph, gently, pleadingly. He knew the prospeot was not an enticing one, but he was not so quick as the girl to see all its disadvanagee. "And don't you see that it would set them all saying the most dreadful things about poor Mrs Dale if I were to leave her suddenly like that? I shouldn't think of such a thing. It would be cruel as well as cowardly. She would never be able to stay in Stone after that." "I don't think she will be able to stay in any case," said Rudolph, gloomily. " If she is perseented by this spy on one hand, and by the old woman on the other, it isn't likely that she will be able to stay hero long." A new idea flshed suddenly into Matin's mind and then quickly found expresson : "Do you suppose," she asaked, "that this man, this Mr Panks, is paid by the old lady to spy upon Mrs Dale? The old lady must be very rich, I think, and she is eccentric, evidently. But Rulolph was inclined to think this idea far-fetched From what he had seen of the mysterious spy he had come to quite another concluasion, one that at present he did not care to communioate to Mabln, for fear of alarming her unnecessarily. "Of course, it is possible that the man may be a paid detective," admitted he, doubtfully ; " but there was nothing of the ex policeman about your Mr Banks. And now," went on Rudolph, who found Mabin herself a more interesting mystery than the unknown man, " let us forget all about him for a little while, and go up to the old seat wber the trees leaves off, before It gets too dark to see the sea. You remember the old seat, and how we used to trespass to get at it, den't you ' Mabin blushed a little. She remembered the old seat very well; an old broken- down bench, supported on the stumpe of a couple of felled trees, just on the edge of the planta tion lelonging to "The Towers." Being convnitertly near both to "Stone Honse" and the Vioarage, the children of both houses had established, in thoes far off years which Rudolph was recalling, a right to tread down the old fence at that particular point, and to hold wonderful picnics of batterscotoh and sour apples. " We won't go up there now," she said, with a sudden demurenes, whioh contruted strongly with the eagerness she had shown whie disoauing the perseution of Mrs Dale. "It's getting dark, and rather co!d, I think. and besides, I hope by this time that Mrs Dale may be ready to see us again." Rundolph felt snabbed. The girl's manner was so precise, so stiff, that it was impos. elble for him to understand that her sudden primnres was only a relapse Into her Innate, girlih modesty. He followed her without a word towards the house, and thore, Just inside the portico, they saw th light figure In black, looking like a pathetlo vision in the glcaming, with its white, tear-talined face and slender, little, jewelled hands. " Well T' said Mrs Dle, and her voles was hoarse and broken; " I have been wait ing here for you. woltaring where yoe had one. I had alact bep tS thki k'; ske went on. with assumed playfulne-.. whiob did not hide the fat thatbet fear had been ral. that you had run away from me al together. M bin lost her awkwardness, her stiffness, her shy, girlish reserve, in an Instant. Moved by strong pity and affection, she took the two steps wh!ch brought her under the portico. and stooping, flung her arms round the little figure, "You didn't - really 7" she whispered, hoarocly. "Oh. I hope not, I hope not I" Mrs Dale ooul not answer. But Mabin felt her frame quiver from head to foot, and heard the sound of a stifled sob. Rudolph stepped noiselessly out into the garden again. "My dear. my dear child," murmured M-s Dle, when she had recovered some of her ee!f-p-ssesson by a strong effort, " you would have been quite justified if you had gone. But I am glad, oh! so glad, that you have waited for me to drive you away." " You won't do that I" cried Mabin, start ing back, and seeing with surprise in the fair blue-eyed face an expression of strong rerolution, " Aft-r pretending you were so g'ad to have me !" "It wasno pretence believe me !" said Mrs Dale, with a sad little smile. " Bat I am obliged to send you away all the same. It would not be right to keep you here, now that I see the persecution I am to be subjected to still !" And her blue eyes flashed angrily as she spoke. Bat the next moment her face ohanged again, and she added, quickly : " I have deserved it all, I have no right to complain. Only-she might have spared you. I should have done you no harm; you would have learned no evil from me, wicked as I am." The girl interrupted her with a frightened face., and speaking in an eager whisper " Oh, hush, hush I You are not wicked. It is dreadful to hear you say such things I I will not let you say them. You have the kindest heart in the world; if you have ever done wrong, you are sorry, bitterly sorry. Wicked people are never sorry. Let me stay with you and comfort you If I can, by showing you how happy it makes me to be with you ! ' Mrs Dale shook her head. She did not, howevtr, repeat in words her resolve that tlabin must go, though she guessed by the expression of her face that her mind was made up on the subject. Tooy stood ci'ently looking out at the soft beauties cf the twilight, the greens as they melted into greys blending In such a tender harmony of colour that the sight suemod to supply a balm, through tear dimmed eyes, to their heavy hearts. The roent of the roses came to them 'across the space of gravel, too, mingled with the pleasantly acrid perfume of the limes. Rudolph's step, as be took advantage of the silence to thrust himself again upon the notice of the ladies, startled them both. "Now you've spoilt it all 1" cried Mrs Dale, in a tone which wee meant to be one cf light-hearted pleasantry, but which be trayed too plainly the difficulty she had in assuming It. "The garden looked like a fairy picture till you rushed in and ruined the perspective. Aren't you going to apologise ?" "No. The picture wanted human In. terest, so I painted myself on the canvas, just to satisfy yrur artistic susoeptibilities. I am sorry to find you so ungrateful. I hope you, Mabin, have more appreciatlon !" But the girl's eyes were full of tears, and not being used to this light strain of talk, she could not answer, except by a few mumbled words, which had neither sense nor coherence. Mrs Dale put up her hand -she had to stretch it up a long way-and smoothed the girl's pretty brown hair. " Don't tease her," she said, softly. "Mr Bonnincton, I mustn't ask you to dine with us, but I would if I might." " And why mustn't you I" asked Rudolph. " Well, beoause. in the miserably equivocal position I am in, it would be a pleasure-if I may take It for granted that it would be a pleasure to you, as it would certainly be to me- dearly bought. The Vicar would strongly disapprove; your mother would be shocked beyond measure." " But I shouldn't mind that, I assure you. I've shocked my mother and excited the dis approval of my father so often that they don't expect anything else from me. Be sides, I'm afraid you flatter yourself too much in believing that yen have such an enviable peculiarity ; if you were to issue invitations to the whole parish to a garden. party, or a dinner, or anything you liked, I'm afraid you would be disappointed to find that everybody would come." "Perhaps they would think there was safety in numbers, and that fortified by the presence of everybody else, they could gaze at the monster in security !"' uggested aIrs Dale with a smile. " In the meantime how much nearer must I get to Inviting myself to dinner this even ing !" said R-rdolph, with a subdued voice and a meek manner. "Ah, well, for Mabin's sake then, I spare you the humiliation and invite you myself. You shall stay to amuse her, since I am afraid she would find me a very dreary com panion." "Indeed I shouldn't," cried Mabin, blush. ing deeply and speaking with as much energy as if the presence of Rudolph were an injury. "I should like nothing better than an evening alone with you." Rudolph drew a deep sigb, and even Irs Dale could not suppress a smile at the ghil's unoonsciour gaucherie. When Mablnrealised what a stupid thing she had said, cshe was of course too much ashamed of herself to laugh at her clumsy words, and fell, instead, into a stlff slence which the others found it im possible to make her breakexcept by demure monosylabio answerr. When they went into the diniag-room, therefore, the evening did not promise to be a lively one. Mrs Dale seemed to find it imposble to shake off the effecta of the vist of her persecutor. -Tadolph was op pressed by fears for both the ladles, and by doubts whether his presence there was net an indiscretion which would make matters worse for both of them. While MIabin, per plexed and troubled by a score of unco. customed sensations, was the most sialent, the most depressed of all. Daylight was still streaming In from the west as they took their seats at the table in the dingily- furnished room. Mrs Dale gave a litt'e shudder as she glanced from the "furnished housa" knives to the commop p!soe dinner service. "Ah l" she said. "It wasunot like this that I uosed to entertain my friends. My little dinners had quite a repute tion-once I' Then, as if she felt that these regrete were worse than vain, she tiirned the subject abruptly, while a spasm of pain for the moment convuleed her face. Rudolph, on his side. was sorry she had mentioned the " little dinners." They aug gsted apast life in which there had been aomething more than frivolity; something with which he would have disassociated Mrs Dale if he could. Bat innocent dabin, wishing to say something, brought the con. vernation back to the point it had left. "But why can't you have pretty dinners now, if you like to !' Mrs Dale's fair face grew whiter as she answered, gently "I willtell yon-presently- some day why I dont have anything pretty or nice about me now." Ant' Mabin, feeling that she had touched a painful ohord, became more silent than Perhaps it was her sdden subsidence into absolute gloom which caused the other two to make a great effort to restore something of animation to the talk, and, being both young and of naturally high spirits, they succeeded so well that before the meal, which had begun so solemnly, was over, Mre Dale and Rudolph were talking and laugh ing as if there had never been a shadow upon either of their lives. At first they made brave attempts to drag MIlabin into the conversation; but, as these efforts were in vain, it naturally ended in her being left out of the gaety, and sitting entrenched In the gloomy silenoe of her own, And when dinner was over, and they all went into the little adjoining room which Mrs Dale called her "den:' it was quite nataral that Mrs Dale should sit down at the piano, in the good-natured wish to leave the young people to entertain each other ; adu equally natutral that Rudolph, on Sdtta that Yabli had authiag to W a to him aad that she was partioularly frigid in her manner, should go over to the pianolu. and, by coaxing Mro Z0 to sine him hti a?vouribt aons and then hers. should coa tinue the brisk flirtation begun at the dinner table. Mabin had brought It all upon herself, and she tried to persuade herself that it was quite right and natural, and that she did not mind; and when Rudolph was gone and she was alone with her hostess, she succeeded in convincing her that she had not felt neglected, but had enjoyed the merriment she had refused to share. Bat when she got upstairs into her pretty bedroom, after bidding Mrs Dale good-night, she had the greatest difficulty in keeping back the tears which were dangerously near her proud eyes. She did not care for Rudolph, of course not; she wanted him to fall in love with Mrs Dale-if, indeed, he had not already done sc-and marry her and console her for all her troubles, and stop the persecution of "the oat." But somehow this hope, this wish. did not give her all the unse;fish satisfaction It ought to have done. And Mabin, wondering what had happened to take the prettiness out of the room and the pleasure out of her friendship with Mrs Dale, fell asleep with her heart full of name less grief She awoke with a start to find a white figure standing motionless in the middle of she room. Mabin sprang up in bed and rubbed her eyes. Was she awake ! Or was she only dreaming that the body of a dead woman, stiff, rigid, nut in an upright position, was standing like a marble statue between the bed and the nearest window ! She leapt out of bad, and, not without un canny fears, touched the statuesque figure. "Mrs Dale i" she almost shrieked, as the great eyes suddenly turned and fixed a blank, wild gaze upon her face. "Oh! what has happened ! What is the matter ! " The figure, which, in white night garments had looked so unlike the black-robed widow that she had not recognised it, trembled from head to foot. The liUps parted, but at first no words escaped them. At last, with a strong effort, Mrs Dale uttered these werds : " Let me stay here. Let me sit in this arm-chair till morning. Oh, I will not hurt you, or frighten you. But if I go back I sha I go mad I This house is haunted ! haunted ! I have seen-" A hoarse rattle In her throat selzod her, threatened to choke her. With one wild glance round, peering into the corners of the room, she flang herself on the floor and burled her face in the chair. OHAPrER VIII. A HAUNTED HOUSe. Mabin was taken so thoroughly by sur prise, on seeing the wild self-abandonment of her unhappy companion, that for a few minutes she stood staring at the crouching figure on the floor, like one only half awake. Was this really Mrs Dale, this haggard, pantieg creature with the hoarse voice, the twitching hands, the wide eyes full of un speakable terror ? Mabin's sympathy was ready, but at first she did not dare to offer it. Such terrible anguish, such paralysing fear as that from which the miserable woman was suffering, was something surely beyond her poor powers of comfort I And even a the girl advanced timidly a step nearer to her grief- stricken friend, there flashed into her mind the horrible qu'stion -What must this secret be, locked in the widow's breast, which could throw her into such paroxysms of abject terror P For, not unnaturally. Mabin came to the conclusion that the vision which had alarmed Mrs Dale was one of the results of the remorse from which she owned that she wa suffer. ing. "Don't! Don't sob like that I You will make yourself ill ; you will Indeed. There is nothing, there is nobody here to frighten you," eai i the girl at last, drawing a little closer to the crouching figure, but not yet daring to touch her, or to speak i, a tone louder than a whisper. At the first sound of her voice, Mrs Da'e had started, and raised her head quickly, turning to the girl's view a face so much altered, so drawn, so old-looking, that she hardly recognised the features of the lovely widow. Then, when the voice ceased, she glanced round the room again, with the same hunted, anxious look as before. " Nthing-nobody to frighten me i" she repeated in a shaking voice. "No, of course not, of curse not. How silly I have been. I am afraid I frightened you, dear, with my dreams, my silly fancies I" She struggled, as it worn out and ex. hausted by her emotion, to gain her feet. Timidly, gently, Mabin helped her to rise. "I'm very glad I was here," answered Mabin, in kindly tones that sent a shiver of grateful recognition through her agi tated companion. "Da you feel better now ?" "Yes, oh, yes, I am all right. I am not ill. I em so much ashamed of myself fIr disturbirg you. I don't know how to apolo. gise," answered Mrs Dale, trying bravely to epeak in her usual tone, but glancing at the door, and then back to the window, as she uttered the words. "It must have been a dream, of course, that frightened me." And then, quite suddenly, she broke down again, and slipping from the support. ing arm of her yeurg companion, she threw herself into the wicker arm-chair, and burst into a passion of tears. Uncertain what to do. Mabin, in her sympathy and kindness, did exactly the right thing. She drew aaother chair beside the wicker one, sat;down in it, and putting her right arm round Mrs Dale's shoulder, and hold ing the poor lady'se trembling fingerain her own, remained in perfect silence until the irat ebullition of violent grief had psased away. "I shall never forget your kindness, child, never," said Mrs Dale, when, s suddenly uas it had begun, her paussion of tears ended. "You have saved me from going mad, yea, mad. I-I must leave you now, or you won't get any rest." She rose as she spoke, but Mabin saw that the panic of terror which had been upon her at her entranoe was regaining its hold upon her as she approached the door. With her fingers on the handle she stopped, and seemed once more to grow rigid with fear. Mabin was by her side in an instant. "Stay here," she said. "You will have the dream again, perhaps, If you go away by yourself." At these words a shiver ran through Mrs Dale, and she faltered, "It must have been that gloomy room I " she said at last, in a whisper. "And the uffct of her visit ! But it will kill me if it comes again l" Suddenly she turned to Mabin. "May I lie on the sofa until the morning ? " ehe asked, piteously. "I won't disturb you. I feel as if I should be safe from-it-in here with you !' " The wistful pleading in her eyes brought the tears to Mlabin's. "Of course you must stay," she cried, heartily. "And I do hope you will get to sleep, and not have any more dreams." Very quietly Mrs Dale lay down on the couch between the windows. and, drawing the sofa blanket over her, and refusin any other covering, she closed her eyes. Masbin knew that this apparent tranquility was assumed only, and she placoed herself on the bed in such a position that she could watch her friend, while appearing to be herself sleep. Thus she waited and watohed in silence. Before many minutes had pa?rsed she saw, from between half-closed eyeluashes, that Mrs Dale was sitting up, and bending her head In a liksteuing attitude. And presently the slender figure, with its white dressidng-gown, slipped softly off the sofa and hurried on tip toe across the floor to the door. There it knelt lawn and listened agailn. And after a few minutes Mrs Dale turned the key In the lock, and orept back, not to the couoh, but to the armohair. Mabin shut her eyes, and tried to disen tangle the knot of strange ideas that tiled her brain. What was the nature of the secret which weighed on the consocience of Mrs Dale! Why was she kept In luxury by- the very wema who trWd to make her life uab.r ablh, to out her off from every human frised ? What was the strange tie between the hard. elderly woman and the impulsive, volatile young one? What was the vision wblok had caused her so much distress? And, above all, why, if it was only a vision, did she try to keep it away by looking the door ? And why-and why-? More questions surged up in her tired brain; but Mabin forgot them as they rose. She fell asleep. When she awoke in the morning it was to find that someone was knocking at the door, and then she heard the housemaid's voice announcing that it was eight o'clock. She sprang up, and looked towards the sofa; but there was no one but herself in the room. Surely, she thought, the strange visit of the night must have been a dream. The rug on the sofa was neatly folded, just u it had been when she came up to bed last night. Not a sign was to be seen of any in trusion during the night. Even when she went downstaira and met Mrs Dale in the hall, there was little to tell of the experience of the hours of dark ness. Perhaps the pretty widow looked a little paler than usual, but in every other respect she was the same airy, impulsive creature, now smiling, now looking sad, as she had been before the dreadful visit of the lady whom irreverent Mabin called "the cat." It was not, indeed, until breakfast was over, and they had gone out into the garden to cut some flowers while the dew was on them, that either of the ladies made any reference to the events of the night. Mrs Dale, with one daintly-shod foot in a fl ower.bed, was stretching out her hands to wards a bush of sweet peas, when, without turning her head, she said "I am in great trouble about you, Mabin." "Are youn Why, Mrs Dale T' " I don't quite know what to do with you If I send you to Mrs Bonnington, I shall have to tell some shocking tarradiddle about the drains having to come up, or the roof having given way, and the will be sure to find me out and to pry, and to give both of us what the old women call ' much uan pleasantness.' And if I send you on to Geneva, I don't know whether they will be glal to see you when you arrive." "And I'm suanre they won't," said Mabin, heartily. "And there is one other objeo tion to sending me anywhere, and that is that I won't go." Mrs Dale dropped her sweet peas, and turned round, Her eyes were full of sudden tears. " Nonsense, child," she said, sharply, but in a querulous tone which betrayed her emotion, "nonsense. It was decided yester day afternoon that you were to go. You know it was." "You decided that I was to go, I didn't. And--" Instinctively she dropped her voice. "And something that happened last night-in the night, made me decide not to go. There 1' "But, my dear--" ' No, Mrs Dale, I'm not going to be 'got round.' You've chosen to take me upon your shoulders, so now you must just keep me. Ha I ha I You didn't know I had so much determination, die you ?" But Mrs Dale could soarely speak. Now for the first time that morning Mabin realised that the scene of the night had really taken place, for the emotions aroused by this little bit of talk had brought back into Mrs Dale's blue eyes a faint reproduc. tion of the wild terror she had shown when she came to the girl's room. When she had recovered her voice, the lady in black, pale. hoarse, shaken with her agitation, stammered out these worda "My dear girl, it is beautiful of you to offer to stay. But I cinnot let you. You ought never to have come. I was mad, wicked to let you come; but my madness and my wickednesa I must bear alone." Hw strange these words seemed in the broad daylight, Msbin thought. By the weak glimmer of the n;ght-light Mrs Dale's wild looks and words had seemed fantastic, weird. But the broad sunlight seemed to give the nameless horror which hung about the poor little lady in black a reality as vivid as it was painful. But with this feeling there came also into the heart of the young girl a great tenderness towards the suffering woman who was haunted by the shadow of her own past 83 she smiled, and, with a p:etty, half shy look in her eyes, said "You told me I saved you from going mad, so I mean to stay; and I mean to sleep in the same room with you, so that you shall not be frightened any more." Mrs Dale shook her head. I' can't let you do that," said she. I 1 don't sleep very well, and sometimes I start up and cry out. I should frighten you." 'Then we will exchange rooms," said Mabin. By the look of jay and relief which flashed over Mrs Dale's face at this sug. gestion Mabin saw that she had conquered. " Bat-won't you be afraid " asked the widow, in a troubled voice. " What ! of a ghost, a vision, or of hay. ing bad dreams ? No, not a bit." Mrs Dale glanced gratefully at the young face, with its look of robust Philis tine scorn of phantoma, " It is a temptation," she murmured; " far, after all, I know, I knuote that it was only a dream, a horrible dream, and there is no fear that the dream will come to "And it it did," retorted Mebin, stoutly, "it wouldn't frighten me. I'm too ' stodgy ;' I have no imagination." Mrs Dale smiled sadly. "You are right," she said. "If you did have the same dream it would have no terrors for you. Your conscience is clear." "And my digestion good," added Mabin, lightly, as she picked up the fallen flowers and pu: them in her bhaEket. There was no doubt that her refesal to go had taken a load of melaucholy from the shoulders of her hosteas, who sent the young girl out for a walk as soon as the gathering of the flowere was over, and charged her not to go far enough to tire her still weak ankle. Mabin, with a book and a sunshade, sauntered slowly down the hill to the nearest gap in the chff, and went down the deep descent to the sands. This was no paradise of nursemaids and babies, but a solitsry nook, b:loved by quiet maidena ladies and sentimental couples. With rash disregard of the danger of sitting under a chalk cliff, Mabin found a seat on a rook worn smooth by the sea, opened her book, and bega--not to read. The circumstances in which she found herself were far too interesting for her to be able to give herself up to the milder ex oitements of fiction. She sat with her open book on her lap and her eyes staring out at the sea, whbich wan vividly blue in the sun shine, when she became suddenly conscious of a footetep she knew in her immediate naigborhood. Although she affected to be surprised when Budolph appeared before her, she had known that he was approaching, and her heart began to best very fast He looked down as her between the spikes of her sunshade, pretending to be afraid to speak to her. " Good morning," said she at last. " I was wondering whether I dared sy the same thing I" " Dared P" "Yes. After your treatment of me last night, I felt nervous." "My treatment of you Il What treat ment F" "Why were you so unkind P Or mustn't I ask why I" " You may ask, of course. But I can't give you any aswer, because I didn't know that I was unkind." " I wish I could believe ttat." "Well, if you won't believe it, I have nothing to say." Budolph was silent a few minutes. Then, with a burst of explosive energy, he made up his mind. "No 1" he cried, so loudly that Mabin etarted, as he threw himself down on the ands beside her," I will net be daunted I will encrse myself in double snub-proof -r pltes ,mad I wil try to each ha bhato be dignifledlit is not necesary to be unkind--and--yes. I will say It-- bso lutely rude." Mablna became crimson, and the tears started to her eyes. She had not meant to be rude, but undoubtedly her behavior had laid her open to this accusation. "I am stup:d, clumsy; I am rude with. out meaning it," she said in a tone of such excessive humility and penitence that it was impossible to doubt her sincerity, " I am very sorry. But you shouldn't take any notice of what I do or say. Nobody does at home. When I am more awkwnrd and tiresome than usual, they always say ' Oh, it's only Rlabin I' and then nobody minds." " Ah, well, I can't quite f?ol like that that it's only Mabin. When one likes a parson, and wants to be good friends, very good friends with that person, just as one used to be when that person and oneself were little things in short frocks and knickerbockers, it is very disheartening to find that person determined to be-er-to be-er-so reserved that when one site beside that perscu,as I did last night, ycu know, she will only let one see so much of her right ear as to practically turn her back to one I" "Ididn't!' " You did though. And it is what you were doing again just now unstil the hor. ror of hearing the truth made you turn round to fly at me I You did turn your back upon me last night, Miss Rose, and you hurt my feelings." " Indeed, you did not seem to be hurt. You seemed to be enjoying yourself very much !" "Well, so I was, in a way. But I should have enjoyed myself much more if you had been as nice as you were in the garden." Mabin heaved a deep sigh. "It's no use expecting me to be nloe," she said in a voice of desepair, "I can only manage it so very seldom." " Well, could you hold out some signal, such as by wearing a partioular flower, or colour, or some especial knot of ribbon, to let a fellow know when he may speak to you without being snubbed? "No, I couldn't," retorted Mabin with great fierceness, but with a twinkle of fan in her grey eyes, which gave greater hopes than her words did. "Itls or no use forme to promise more than I can perform. You had better look upon me as a decidedly dis agreeable person, with rare moments of proper behaviour." " Proper behaviour, then, means niceness ? rm gladyon think it proper to be nie to me I' said Rudolph. "I perceive that I've lighted upon one of the rare 'moments,' and I'm going to take advantage of it," he added, as he came a little nearer to her, and looked up in her face with a glance of amusement and adhniration which made her blush a little. "I am going to make you talk to me, and amuse me, as you were told to do last night." "No It was you who were told to amuse me I" " Was it? Well, we'll take it in turns then. D3 you remember who taught you cricket." " Yes ; oh, yes." " And in what a rage you used to be when you were caught out?" "Yes," answered Mabin. "Iremember; but I don't want to talk about cricket. I want to tell you something. Mrs Dale has a fancy that ' The Towers' is haunted." And she related the adventure of the pre vious night, and her intention of changing rooms with her hostess. Rudolph listened gravely, and there was a pause when she had finished before he made any omment. Then he said, abruptly : " You are not nervous, are you, Mabin? I know you used to have no end of pluck." " Well, I haven't any lees than I ever " Well, if you do change rooms, you have got to be prepared to see the ghost yourself." "' You make me feel rather-rather creepy ! What do you really think I shall see " " A face at the window, probably. The face of the spy from your house. What else can she have seen ?' Mabin considered a moment. "I'll risk it!" she cried, at last. "I shan't go to bed at all. I shall sit up and watch." " I wish you would. We should find out something if you had the strength of mind to do that, Not without a wild beating of the heart, atbin undertook the task of holding the strange night-watch, without saying a word to Mrs Dale of her intention. "She thinks she only had a dreadful dream, you know," said Mabin. " Well," replied Rudolph, "I want to know what sort of a dream you will have." He had to admire the courage she showed in undertaking a risk which was, as she expressed it, "rather shuddery," for when he left her at the gate of " The Towers," she was still steadfast in her in tention. It was not until after dinner that even' ing that Mrs Dale introdooed the young girl to the apartment she was to occupy that night. Mabin was astonished at its dinginess, its gloominess, contrasting a, strongly as they did with the fresh prettiness of the room which had been pre pared for herself. It was a large rcquare room, with a mouldy, old-fashioned wall-paper, on whbicb unnatural pink roses climbed up a succes sion of thin hop-polel. The pictures were groups of trees, done with the pencil in the woolly early Victorian manner, and stiff bouquete, in water-color, of conventional early Victorian flowers. The bed, which was hung with green curtains, occupied an undue specs i and Mabin felt that, in the weird oocumstances of her tenancy of the roem, she would have died rather than sleep in that funereal erection. When Mrs Dale had kissed her and bade her good-night, after receiving Mahbin assurances that she did not feel in the least nervous, the young girl felt a strong incli nation to follow her friend out of the room, and to implore her to find her some other sleeping-place. Bgy a valiant effort, however, she con qucared this weakness, and made a olrfal survey of her surroundings. In the first place, the windows and their fastenings had to be examined. They were carefully secured, and were both so high above the ground that it would have been impossible for an intrader to reach them without a ladder. There were three doors; and at first sabin wams inolined to regard this as a dis quieting eircumstance. But on finding that two of them were unused, looked, and with. out a key, sad that there was a bolt on the door by which she had entered, she began to feel more at ease. Erxchanging her frock for a dressing gown, and providing herself with a book, she placed herself in an armchair which stood near the fireplace, which, although shabby, was sumfficiently comfortable, and, putting her candles one small table beside her, settled herself to read. Her book was a novel of excellent typs, not too clever to be obannming, not so commonp'aco as to be dull. Much to her own surprise, she got interested, and forgot, or almost forgot, the vague fears which keptherin the arm. chair, instead of in bed. She was in the very heart of the book, when a sound, a very alight sound, behin her back, caused the blood almost to free in her reins. _ It was a soft, stealthy treed. Looking round, half paralysed with terror, she saw that the door was sjar, and that creeping softly round towards the in side handle was the long, thin hsnd of a man. (To be Continued.) 