OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Thank Providence, it is all over! What? why the Marlborough marriage and the election. For several weeks past these two things have been the all absorbing topics, and now that they are past, everybody is glad that the agony is over. The victory of Tammany was not unexpected. It was the only party in the light that presented a compact and well-drilled army, coherent in its action, ably officered by old poli tical fighters, subject to a single com mand, and with plenty of the sinews of war at their disposal, no wonder that they won. Their opponents on the other hand were all split to pieces; the fact is, there were altogether too many good people, and never was a sentiment more powerfully impressed upon me than that uttered by Dr. Parkhurst, a few weeks before the election, "It is a great pity that some of these good people could not exchange a little of their holiness for a portion of common-sense." It is doing him no injustice to say, that to Police Commissioner Theodore Roosevelt, the city of New York is in debted, more than any other man for the Republican Reform defeat. Sweep ing the State by substantial majorities, from Chatauqua to Montauk, the Republicans carry the Legislature by a two thirds majority, sufficient to over ride the Governor's veto, if they find it necessary to do so, and all the State officers, that were to be elected, are secure for another term. While the Republican party was so successful throughout the State, how came it that the magnificent majority that New York gave for reform last year, was so suddenly swept away? I have said that it was due to the work of Police Commissioner Roosevelt; and, I say it not to his disparagement, for he is an honest, Christian gentleman, a good citizen, and faithful official. Mr. Roosevelt when appointed to his high office, which virtually made him the guardian of the city's honour, peace, and safety, took a solemn oath to see the laws administered. Among those laws was one which forbade the sale of liquor on the Sabbath day; there it was, there were no ifs, an's, or buts about it, it was so plain that he who ran might read. Now how did that law get upon the statute book? was it put there by the Puritans? by the Goo-Goos, as they call them, was it put there for the glory of God and to ensure a holy observance of the sabbath? not a bit of it. It was drafted by Tammany politicians, passed by a Democratic Legislature, and was made a law by the signature of David Bennett Hill, the Democratic Governor of the State. If its purpose was not for the obser vance of the Sabbath, what was it then? "Aye, there's the rub," with a devilish ingenuity, worthy of the father of lies himself; it was framed exclusively for the purpose of black mail, and from the hour of its passage down to the overthrow of Tammany last year, it was one of the most tremendous powers in the hands of high police officials for the terrorising and robbery of the 10,000 liquor saloons, with which this city is cursed, which made their pro prietors as virtually the abject slaves of the police as the serfs were formally in Russia, or our negroes were in the South. Sunday was their great busi ness day, and if they wanted to do business they must pay: resistance was useless; it was police tribute or ruin. In the financial transactions, the captain of the precinct seldom came in contact with the poor wretches who were being fleeced; an individual known as the "wardman" attended to that, and took toll from the general grist. Mr. Roosevelt found these laws on the statute books, just where the Democrats had placed them. He had sworn to see the laws obeyed, and did his best to keep his oath; this is the extent of his offence and nothing more. No saloon-keeper complains of police blackmail now; no illicit gains are traced to his coffers; he might have perjured himself and saved his party, but he did not do it, so Tammany carried the day. There was great re joicing at the Wigwam as the returns came in on election night; many of the Tammany braves who have been out at the elbows and rather seedy for the past year, started in for a regular Ghost dance, for the flesh pots were once more in sight, and the Promised Land was not far off. Our sister, Brooklyn, has achieved another reform victory; they have the Mayor, aldermen, and every other good thing, and they look upon it as the re ward of a virtuous life, and they are correspondingly happy. Recently I took occasion to speak of our amusements, and the subject is more important than many people imagine. In New York city there are nearly two millions of people. Three times as many go to our theatres, music halls and variety shows as attend our churches. If every place of worship on the island of Manhattan was crowded to its utmost capacity, Jew and Gentile, Protestant and Catholic, one million and five hundred thousand people would be left on the outside. It is safe to say that of this million and five hundred thousand, one half attend places of amusement and to them may be added one-half or the church-going people, making in round numbers at least a million. If they don't want to go to church, and they must be amused, it becomes a very important question what the character of our amusements shall be. At the present time we are threatened with a flood of the music halls of London, where comic songs, lascivious dances and tumbling acrobats form the staple of the pabulum on which these audiences feed. Yvette Guilbert, the latest Parisian sensation, who is shortly to honour us with a visit, and who strikes the delicate line between sug gestive indecency and absolute black guardism, commands 500dol. per night for 15 minutes' work, or three times the salary of the President of the United States. I frequently hear lamentation that we have no American drama. What do people mean by that? Is it a reflex of our national and social life, past and pesent, which, by example, shall pre sent to our children's children a living picture of the age and body of the time, or shall our national drama consist of so- called society plays, where fraud, cheating, lying, broken faith, murder, seduction and social ruin, are the staples of the entertainment? Or shall we go among the common people to learn lessons of morality and virtue from their domestic associations, and with them, the incentive to a higher, a nobler, and a better ife? I was led to this train of thought by witnessing a play in Brooklyn, which I briefly alluded to last week, the per formance of Puddenhead Wilson, by Frank Mayo. Manager Edwin Knowles, who is the lessee of three of the most magnificent theatres in that city, had seen Mr. Mayo's per formance, and engaged him for three weeks. It seemed like a hazardous ex periment, but here was a chance to test a real American play. It is American all through. The story is Amercian, written by an American, dramatised by an American, Mr. Mayo, and all the actors and actresses are American. Manager Knowles saw his opportunity; he believed the public would sustain him if the play was good, and he was right. For three weeks the houses have been packed, for Mr. Mayo's per formance of Puddenhead Wilson has come to the public like a revelation. It is a clean story, full of the broadest humanity, and moral to the core. No mother need be afraid to bring her young daughter to see it, for it is one of those sweet and lovable pictures that will live in the memory down to the shadows of old age as among the brightest reminiscences of their early life. In Puddenhead Wilson you have a sublime illustration of unshaken hope and tireless patience under heartless provocation and contempt. Pudden head Wilson has a theory in palmistry that there are certain lines on the end of the thumb that never change from childhood to old age. He takes the im pression of the thumb on glass, and labels them the instant they are taken; these he stores away for future use, and after years of patient waiting the hour of his triumph comes at last. He who has been the butt and the ridicule of his neighbours for 20 years, becomes the Nemesis and avenger of another's wrongs; he stands in the Court the bold champion of the right; justice is meted out to the guilty; the innocent are rewarded and restored to their own, and the play ends happily. With a stage full of eminent and capable actors, one central figure remains towering above all the rest, as Chimborazo's height o'ertops the valley at its foot. In the sweet genial, patient old Puddenhead Wilson, Mr. Mayo has created a character that will live after him, and has answered in his own proper person the question, "Have we an American Drama?" 