THE DOCTRINE OF THE HOLY Till XIT Y. [By Basil Wilbebfokce, D.D., Canon of Westminster.] Feel after Him and find Him—He is not far from everyone of us—in Him we live and move and have our iie:inat- . . . For we are also His offspring. — Acts -Mil., 27. One of the profoundest thinkers of our day, commenting upon the passage 1 have here quoted, says—"We cannot grasp boundless | ness, but it ought to he clear to our reason j that there is one whose prerogative is bound | lessuess of thought and knowledge; a soul ! which knows how to do tilings, from the con j structiou of solar systems to the building j of birds1 nests, pervades the universe and I makes it one. The perfection of the j Divine Spirit is revealed in the exquisite relation of sun and planets, in the bee and its ! w ork, in the ant and its prevision, in every bell | of the lily, and every drop of rain. And tui i searchable, incommunicable as is the Infinite, i the 'Alt in All,' His greatness is tor us all, I house and home for us aii, around us all, in jus all—one all-containing Soul, Life, Love." .No man can be accused of "'rushing in where j angels fear to tread" if he feels after" and I in a measure " finds" this universal Parent Spirit, as the blind man feels after and finds I the fire, as the rosebud feels after and finds the I sunshine, as the infant feels after and finds j the bosom of its mother. at, Paul said, "home have not the know ledge o£ God," and he added, somewhat re proachfully, " I speak this to your shame," as if implying that a human life unawakened to the truth of Divine Fatherhood is greatly impoverished and perilously lacking in the highest motives to right action. To-day we commemorate and reaffirm the order of thought in which the interior nature of the Supreme All-producing Intelligence has been unfolded to the mind of man. To-day the God whom we are hidden to "'feel after and find" is dogmatically declared to be a Threeness in Unity. Not a threeness locally or mechani cally distinct, but a Threeness so essentially interfused as to be inconceivable if its perfect unity is questioned. Not a three ness gradually evolved, and at a definite time assumed, as if the Supreme In telligence after a period begat tlie Word, and after a further period sent forth the Spirit; but a threeness which has been date lessly and eternally,- always and unalterably Three. The word "Trinity" is entirely human and therefore inadequate and Scripturally unauthorised, but it is sufficiently appropriate. It interprets the sacred mysteries of the extinguished ages, it con cretes the intuitive perceptions and affirma tions of God discoverable in the God-ward thoughts of men thousands of years ago. The names Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are Scriptural, and are revealed accommodations I to the mind of finite man of the several upera ! tioiis towards humanity of the universal | Parent Spirit in whom "we live and move I and have our being." There is nothing dis I respectful to the defmitions and conclusions of the strong thinkers of the past in saying that upon no dogma of the Catholic Church lias the illuminating ray of the teaching Spirit fallen with greater power than upon the Divine formula which expresses the doctrine of the Trinity, clearing it of much intellectual confusion, and disrobing it of many materia listic presentments. It was a definite promise of God Incarnate that the Divine influence of instruction, or the Holy Spirit, should "take of the things of Christ and show them unto men"—in other words, that He should unfold, develop, spiritualise the conceptions of the early Christian faith, revealing gradually, as men should be able to assimilate tiiein, higher, nobler views of the nature, character, and pur pose of the Eternal Father. It is, I suppose, inevitable that timid hearts, rooted in the traditions of the past, iron-bound in antiquated definitions, when the Spirit taught intuitions of leading minds in the church tend towards the modification of rudi mentary views of the nature of God and His re lation towards humanity, should imagine that the foundations of faith are shaken. They for get, however, that the Christ told us that when His visible _ presence was removed He would speak by His Spirit, as He had only delivered the preliminaries of His full message; that there were truths yet to be unfolded, over and above His verbal teaching, which men would receive and assimilate as the generations suc ceeded one another, and "the thoughts of men widened with the progress of the suns." I have been told by experts—I cannot state it upon my own observation—that the astrono mers who built those marvels of antiquity, the Pyramids of the Niie, pierced a slanting shaft through the larger pyramid which pointed direct to the Poie-star, and that in those days had you gazed heavenward through the shaft "into the Eastern niglit the Pole-star alone would have met your eye. It was in the ages of tne past, it was when the Southern Cross was visible from the British Isles. Slowly, imper ceptibly, the orientation of the planet has changed. Did you now look up into the mid night sky through tiie shaft in the Great Pyra mid you would not see the Pole-star; new brilliant space-worlds would shine down on you. But the heavens have not altered, and the shaft of the pyramid is not guilty, so to speak, of unorthodoxv. A new view of the heavens has quietly come, for the _ earth's axis has changed its place. Similarly it is the work of the Spirit of _ the ascended .Tesus to advance the axis of the Church of God from glory to glory. Conceptions of the Universal Soul, once prominent before the telescope of human faith anil aspiration grow, enlarge, expand. He changeth not; He is ever the same; but what men see of Him changes—changes without contradiction of the past conceptions; changes as the streak of dawn changes into sunrise, as sunrise changes into perfect day. And these conceptions will change until knowledge, in the sense of the acquisition of facts, shall be no more, and intuitive perception of the transcendent majesty of the Universal Life shall fill our souls for ever. Thus has the teaching Spirit been progressively illuminating the great central truths of Christian theology. The acknowledged poverty of human lan guage in expressing divine truth, and the pre vailing impression that divine truth once for mulated into language represented finality are mainly responsible for a certain mental con fusion, which has resulted in a conception which amounts practically to Tri-theism, the inevitable reaction against which has been the propagation of those tenets which have re ceived the name of Unitariauisin. Augustine, who in his dr. Trlnitutc protests against the use of the word persona as likely to lead men to think of Father, tion, and Holy Spirit as mechanically distinct, says that the word persona was only used because of the poverty of the Latin tongue as compared with the Greek. This mechanical distinction was emphasised ; and stereotyped by the works of the great j painters, who constantly represented the j Trinity as a venerable bearded figure receiving with affection a younger person marked with j the stigmata of the Passion, and accompanied by a symbolic dove. It may fairlv be asserted | that the only doctrine of the Holy Trinity ever presented to Mahomet was that of the Collyridians, so called from Coilvris, a kinrl of cake that they ottered to the Virgin Mary, and whose three persons in the Trinity consisted of Father, Son, and Virgin Mary. In all probability the reaction in the mind of Mahomet against this miserable materialistic counterfeit of Christian doctrine, which did j violence to liis best instincts, accounted for the j fanatical real with which he devastated Ohris : tian lands under his monotheistic war-cry, I i4 Alia!) il ailah—there is but one God." | The threefold plurality in the inner nature of the universal soul is now recognised by every I reverent thinker as being' not threedistinct wills, | consciences, intellects, but as one elemental 1 substance following the universal law of being, i manifestation, and outflowing influence. The | names I' ather, .Son, and lioly Spirit arc a mode of expressing the intense nearness that l the all-inclusive spirit of love claims with . every department, (.very need, every mental | attitude of the life of man. In tln ir deepest 1 meaning they signify love in essential being, love in manifestation, love in eternal pro cession. They literally enwrap us, surround : us, intersphere us with love. They appeal to man to rest in the infinity, in the endless ness of the love of the God who made him. They analyse the nature of God as, , first, eternal substance, out of Whom all j forms of existence emerge, Who is wholly uu thinkable apart from manifestation, and in I this connection He is named God the Father ; j as, secondly, the clothing of this Eternal Sub- j stance in all forms of matter and men, and j the specific embodiment of so much of its , moral qualities as can be understood by men j in one human form, and in this connection Ho j is named God the Son, as in 1 lim the entire j race is proclaimed to be an expression of the j thought or reason of the Eternal Substance, j The relation of Jesus to the Universal Soul is j remotely paralleled by the relation of the i rainbow to light. The rainbow reveals the inner structure of light; Jesus reveals the | inner moral nature of God. We arc indebted ! to a philosophic .lew, P.encdie Spinoza, for j one of the finest conceivable definitions of this relationship between Jesus and | God. In his 21st. epistle Spinoza savs:— j "The eternal wisdom has manifested itself in all things, most of all in the human mind, but most transceudeutally in Jesus Christ." And, thirdly, as the p rpetnal itillucnce, or atmosphere, or outbreath of the eternal sub stance manifested in the Christ pulsing through the spirit; of man, blending his lite with the life of God, empowering, sanctifying, warning, attracting ; and in this connection He is named God the Holy Ghost. More over the threeness presents no perplexity to the rational faculty and no violation to the mental conception of unity. Plurality in unity lias always been recognised by the philosophic thinker; it pervades Zorons trianism, it is taught in the Vedas: and even in the decadent forms of modern Hinduism, where Divine attributes are persnuiiied and worshipped by the million, if you were to ask a thoughtful Hindoo, whom yen had just seen make an offering to Kali or Ganesh, how many gods there were, ho would reply unhesita tingly, Elcam cvadvityam—"there is but one, and 110 second." Why, why, then, should not world-wearied, saddened hearts to whom the Christian revelation has come in all its fulness, cease on Trini ty Sunday from aimless beating of wings against the bars of this life's cage and abide in the peace of this holy knowledge'! It is not sufficient to be assured that the "grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Spirit" arc with us evermore ; that man in all his weak ness is united to this omnipotent triple alliance of power, helpfulness, and influence'/ Will we not to-day lift tip our hearts, however sad and perplexed they may be, and say, "Glory be to the Father," the unfathomable Parent source whence we came'/ What is more tender than a mother's love to the infant fondled in her arms'/ What arguments need her compassion move to hear its cries and help it in its harms'/ Sow, if the tenderest mother were possessed Of all the love within her single hreast Of ail the mothers since the world began, 'Zis nothing to the love of God for man. Will we not say, "Glory be to the Son," the sacrament of the Infinite Compassion, the image of the invisible mother-heart, the Light of the world, the all-conquering brother of the race'/ Will we not say, "Glory bo to the Holy Ghost," the spiritualised continuation on tiie earth of the heart of Tesus; the abiding, interpenetrating influence of the Eternal Parent; the Enlighteuer, the Streugthener, the Comforter'/ There is a command implied in my text, and it is one tiiat must be obeyed. It is, " Heel after Him and iincl Him." Heel ; don't try to see; feel with the sensibili ties of the soul, with the antenna; of the spirit. " He is not far from everyone of us." The universe, glows with His presence—"Earth's crammed with heaven, and every common bush afire with God." Some feel and arc cautiously reluctant to acknowledge that they have found. Herbert Spencer, whose reverent mind has helped the thought of the. age, says: " The consciousness of an inscrutable power manifested through all phenomena grows clearer: the certainty that such a power exists is the conclusion to which science inevitably arrives." Yes, but what is the name of this inscrutable power? A iire-mist and a planet, A crystal and a cell, A jelly-fish and a saurian, And caves where the cave-men dwell. Then, a sense of law and beauty, And a face turned from the clod— Some call it evolution, And others call it God. Was not Longfellow " feeling after Him and finding Him" when, gazing-into the glittering mystery of the midnight heavens, he wrote:— Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of heaven, Blossomed the lovely stars, the forget-me-nots of the angels. Eeel after Him. In moments of solitari ness, with a strong, eager, mental effort, open forth your inmost spirit and force it to gaze into God. He is not far from every one of us. In His light shall our spirits see light, and as we see His light we become blinded for the time to aught else. It is thus with the bodily eye. Gaze into the sun in his splendor and then look around you and yon can distinguish nothing; the blaze of light has obliterated the features of the world around you. Only as the blaze fades do the common objects of life come back to your sight. Gaze sometimes thus with the spiritual eye intensely into God. Know that lie surrounds, enwraps, pene trates, and, above all, loves. While the blaze lasts you can see nothing earthly. The sordid" troubles of life, the bitter griefs and pains, the agony of separation and bereavement, the gnawing of worry and temptation—where are they? You cannot see them ; in His light you are seeing light, and while you see it you can see nothing else. Yes, they will reappear, they must re appear when the glare of heaven fades. They are needful; they are your education; but faith grows clearer, endurance grows stronger, God grows nearer for losing sight of them for a time. Realise what it all means. This re velation of man's iuseverability from God is a challenge to awake to a sense of our lofty destiny and cogent responsibilities. Shall a child of the God of the most Holy Trinity forget his lineage, dishonor his parentage in shameful, self-engendered degradation ? Consider we are human, we are fallible, we are sinners. We fall from our standard, overcome by appetite, by anger, by pride—some in one way, some in another. Think what is the sin that doth most easily beset you. Perhaps no one knows it but you; bring it mentally out, let it not elude you. Strip it of its self-excusing shams, hold it up in the light of the presence of the God of the Holy Trinity, and see it shrivel and die. Why do the sunny rooms in the hospitals turn out the greater nunlber of cured patients? Why, because science—which is man thinking God's thoughts after Him—has discovered that bright sunlight kills the bacteria of infec tion and putrefaction. _ Water containing 10,000 germs.Ao the cubic inch has been experi mentally proved to contain no germs at all after an hour's exposure to intense and direct sunlight. Thus shall it be with the heart forcibly exposed to «God. _ The sunshine of God, felt after, gazed into intensely, shall kill the disease-germs of the soul— the bacteria of degradation. Is there a diseased soul here—one mourning after the defilement of a fall, one who longs truly, eagerly to be cured? "Eeel after Him and find Him"—do it here, now, to- day. Eorce the heart-corruption into His very presence— " Speak to Him thou, for He heareth." Say, " Thou who art love and light and power,; pour Thy searching, purifying, germ- killing sunshine into the dark recesses of my soul. I am feeling after Thee, I have found Thee. Thou art not far from every one of us; we are Thine offspring; in undivided Threeness Thou art enfolding us." So let the anthem of praise arise. "Glory bo to the Eather, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end." Amen. 