“I don’t know much about firearms, so I Would like you to pick me out what you consider a good weapon.” ’The salesman ran his eye along the rows of revolvers. “This is one I can recommend,” he said. Its barrel glinted blue, its stock was pricked out in nickel, and its ham- ; mer filled with a glittering cylinder like the nose of a ferret in a rat-hole. "Ah, yes, that locks all right. Is it loaded? No. Kindly explain to me how the trick is done.” After he had seen the cartridges shoved into the chambers and had paid the price, Arthur Brackenbridge slip ped the weapon into Iris breast pocket, made his way along the Strand, and, turning sharply Sawn Villiers street, en tered the underground station. "Earl’s Court, first return,” he said at the pigeon-hole, hut he hastily corrected ’himself. “No, not return; -single I mean. Earl's 'Court, first single.” He pocketed the ticket, grinning rue fully as he said to himself, "The return will be a free journey this time, I ima gine.” Half-way down the dirty stairs that lead ho the platform nie suddenly paused- - - , '‘What 'In the world possessed mo to j take a 'first? Third would have donej me quite'as well. What an ass I am to-; day. Ah, well, I have lived in this world; first-chess. and may as well go out of it first-class.” A few waiting passengers sauntered up ns'id down the ? platform, smoke hung in fantastic blue whiffs, writhing and twisting and swh'ling lazily towards fie roof, and the gas 'burned yellow in the 'great glass globes that hung above the 'ibotway. The hi dice t inspector at the foot of the stairs, his punch dang ling to his fingers, -Carried. on a flirta tion with a huxom 'wench of serving maid class. "■'Resides, it will ’look bettei on the evening paper bill. ‘‘Suicide in a Third class Underground’ seems cheap. Few persons of class enter the underground, and none travels 'third. Substitute first for third, and well — it -should make a rather taking bill, you know.” At this point In his soliloquy Arthur Brackenbridge became aware of a cu Tious growling rumble that rapidly grew into a roar, and as if iu fear of this ominous sound the black tunnel began to vomit smoke that gushed out in a dense cloud-hank. At last two yellow eyes trembled and blinked in tlie darkness, and the next instant a Richmond train came wneezing, rock ing, screeching, and grinding out of the blackness, and stopped with a jerk at the platform Brackenbridge ran ninth ly along the carriages and jumped into the first empty compartment. Placing his hat in the rack, he let down the window and stuck his head far out, as though looking for a friend — a trick much resorted to by lovers and school boys who wish a compartment in themselves. On this occasion, however, the stratagem was unavailing. At the moment the train was about to move on a brawny man rushed past the ticket inspector, and, grasping the handle of the door, gave it such a lightning-like twist and pull that had Brackenbridge not drawn in his head with rapidity he must have found himself at full length j on the platform. Without one word of j apology the stranger shut the door with ia bang, and flung himself into a corner, never once glancing at the' young man, who stdod in the middle of the compartment looking the anger he felt... To Arthur Braclcenbridge’s way cf thinking, the entrance o'f this stranger and the thought of hownarrowly he had escaped being flung out of the carriage determined him to remonstrate. So he opened by saying in his decided man ner, emphasised by the anger that was in him: “My seat, sir.” The stranger glanced up ; his eyes were bloodshot, and his features set and hard. He said nothing, however*, and sat tight. “My seat, sir.” This time the stranger did not even condesoend so much as a glance. “For the first time I tell you that you are in my seat. If you doubt me, my hat on the track above will prove what I say.” Without a word the fellow flung him self into the opposite corner. “Gad, he’s a cool customer,” Arthur muttered as he took the seat vacated by the stranger. The man sat, or rather lay along the cushion, his two hands deep into his trousers’ pockets and his eyes fixed on his foot as it rose and fell to the rocking of the carriage. He was a man past middle life, fairly well dressed, and stur dily built. “ I’ll startle this cold-blooded fellow before I'm through with him,” Arthur Bracenbridge thought. Leaning for ward he addressed the sullen man: “I would like you to change compart ments at the next station.” f The man stared angrily at the speaker. “And I shall do nothing of the kind,” he replied, decisively. “I advise you. sir, for your own com fort, to change.” “I look after my comfort without as sistance from others. I shall n-ot change.” “ As you please,” Brackenbridge re plied, in a careless tone. The train crunched, and ground, and shuddered, and came to a standstill at Westminster Bridge. Arthur Bracken bridge spoke: “Allow me, sir, to advise you again to change carriages. It will not .put you to much trouble and may save you a lot. I speak in all good faith.” The heavy man ran his eye over the other, and there was unspeakable scorn in the glance. Then he again turned his attention to the dancing boot. When the train disappeared into the tunnel Arthur Brackenbridge sat up. “As you have seen fit to disregard my advice, given, as I before said, in all good faith, I can only hope, sir, that you do not object to me committing suicide. I intend to blow my brains out before we reach St. James’s Park station.” The surly man leapt wildly to liis feet. He threw open the carriage door and the roar of the tunnel drowned ,Bracken bridge’s cry to “stay.” Steam and smoke in a purple cloud, and sulphur smells belched in and filled the compartment. The younger man had grasped hold, of the other’s arm. At last the door was shut, and the two stood facing each other. Brackenbridge grinned. “I gave you fair warning. It crossed my mind that you might prefer to be eleswhere-” “What do you mean? Tou are not going to kill yourself?” “Ah, hut I am.” “Good heavens, man, you’re crazy!” “You speak like a coroner’s jury, sir. As a matter of truth and of fact I am not crazy, hut I’m terribly sane, which, as far as I can make out, amounts to pretty much the same thing in this world. It is only the insane that would try to live after the events of this awful day. I’m too sane to attempt to do so.” The elder glowered into the eyes of the younger. He was much the taller of the two and had to stoop low. “Whom have you done for?” he asked abruptly. ‘What do you mean?” . The young man felt a trifle uneasy under the other’s' bloodshot eyes. “Whom have you made away with ? What did he do to yeu to make you do the deed?” The fellow stepped hurriedly back into the corner, and looked about him as though he feared he had been overheard. Arthur Brackehbridge blurted out: I “What the deuce do you mean, sir. ‘Done for?’ ’Made away with ?’ What an idea! You’re crazy now, instead of me. It is I have been murdered, foully and brutally murdered. Yes, 'sir, twice this day. But here we are at St. James’s and the little affair not done. I trust to your honor not to say a word to the guard, for as sure as he comes for me I shall fire, and in my hurry may make a mess of it, you know. Now, out you get, ' that’s a good fellow, and God bless you, sir. For some reason quite unexplain able I wish to be alone when, when—well, good-bye. The surly man stepped out, walked a dozen feet towards the exit, paused for a J second or two, and then hurriedly retrac ed his steps, entered the compartment j and shut the door after him. : ■ •-,’No, may I be hanged if I leave you.” 1 'Brackenbridge sat wearily back in the cushions. The stranger stood looking Qown.upon,,,him. “Postpone the deed for just one ’station more . I want to speak with Brackenbridge nodded an enforced affirmation, and the heavy man seating' himself; a silenoe followed. At length the stranger said: “There is but one crime in the long calendar the devil has prepared for us that warrants a man taking his life.’’ “Yes? What ’is that crime, may I ask?’’ “Murder.” “My dear sir,” said Brackenbridge sit ting up, and speaking with animation, “My dear, sir, a murderer has no need to kill hiself.” “You mean’Society will do the job for him?” “Not at all; I mean quite a different thing. A murderer dies the-instant his victim dies.” “O! indeed, I did not know that.” “It as so, nevertheless. A murderer may walk about, and be to all outward appearances alive, but, as a matter of fact, he is as dead as Pharaoh. His hold on the world is relaxed. His self respect is dead; iris manliness is dead, his liberty is dead; his ease of mind has been slain by the -self-same blow that slew his victim ; everything that constitutes life is slain, and lies dead within him, a rubbish 'heap with his heart, a core of hateful fire smouldering beneath it all. Breathing, working, walking, talking, seeing—all such things are but the incidents of life. A life of falsehood and subterfuge, of wildly flee ing from a consequence, is death in its most awful form.” Brackenbridge spoke rapidly and with bitter-vehemence. “I tell you.’ he continued, “murder changes a man ’from a living being to a craven coward, a coward who fears to live, and fears to die.” The heavy man sat in-silence for some moments. “It seems to me,” he sai’di at length, “that one who contemplates suicide is a still more deplorable creature than a murderer.” ‘I don’t .see matters in that light at all.” “Well, I think you will agree that one who has committed murder may, at least, be presumed to have been brave at the moment of the deed.” “I suppose there is something uncanny about taking human life that demands valor of one kind or another,” assented Brackenbridge. “But with suicide it is altogether dif foT-m-iJ-Uis impulse is- cowardice, pure and simple, a weak determination to es cape threatened pains of body or of mind. But I maintain that to delibe rately, with premeditation, slay a fellow man calls forth one glorious outburst of manhood, one period of physical tri umph, of mental exultation, ineffable, supreme; a moment when a man’s feet are on the spheres, when his head is ablaze in the sun, his soul is a great licking, roiling crimson flame, and his arms are reached down through endless space to the spinning world, and his fin gers creep among the crowd to .clutch his shrieking victim, clutch him, and roll him in the palms, crush his bones, squeeze him, crunch him, and roll him again and again, and work him gradu ally, gloatingly, towards the finger-tips to hurl him, a pulpy mass, into space and everlasting blackness. Ah! I call that a supreme moment, when the crim son flame of soul-fire leaps through the smoke-clouds of a smouldering life to the very sky!” The stranger had started to his feet, his eyes great and full of fire, his hands clinched above his head. Whirling round and facing Arthur Brackenbridge he demanded : “Why would you kill yourself?” “I have lost my fortune, and-” “What is that? You talk of cowards! I thought you valiant, you thought yourself so! Bah! why waste good pow der and ball. You fear to live because, perchance, your circumstances may not be quite so pleasant as formerly. Sor did coward” “It’s not altogether a matter of money,” faltered the young man. The stranger kept his eyes fixed upon him. “There’s a warrant-” “Then you are a criminal?" “No, I am not.” “Why the warrant?” “My partner has landed us both in fraudulent bankruptcy-” “Are you innocent?” I “Absolutely.” j “And you fear?” “Well, there is as much shame as fear “You are vain as well as a coward.” _ “To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience; at least, so I gather from the newspapers.” The heavy man sat down again and gazed atBrackenbridge contemptuously. “Young man,what a craven you would have me believe you. Your cowardice is so gTeat that you are willing to stamp yourself guilty by self-murder rather than face your accusers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. IJ should have thought you would have j implored some one to come with you while you took the leap in the dark. Why i were you given youth, strength, health, good strong arms and sound heart if they were not intended to overcome ob stacles ? Think! wf>uid it not be greater far to step out before the world and say ‘Here am I an honest man; where are my accusers?’ rather than to lie on the floor of a railway carriage with a wreath of powder-smoke for a crown?” "Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. My whole for tune is gone, the fact that it has been lost causes the police to ‘want’ me, and the fact that the police ‘want’ me has lost me—well-” “Out with it! Lost you what?” Arthur Brackenbridge did not intend to say more, but the stranger’s com manding gaze and imperative question left him powerless to resist. At every station he prayed that some one would enter the compartment, but the Under ground is a contrary line. No one dis turbed them. “What else have you lost?” demanded the heavy man?” “Well, to.‘out with it’, as you ask—the girl to whom I am engaged—or was.” The stranger threw back his head and burst into a flood of laughter wherein there was no ghost of a trace of mirth. Brackenbridge felt indignant at the sar castic levity of his new found com batant, but said nothing. “Girl,” the heavy man shouted. ‘Fine girl, indeed, that will break her promise because you’ve lost a pound. She gave you her word and now tells you to your face that she will not keep it.” “She has not. I tell you she—she-” "But you have just this minute said she told you to go about your busi “I said nothing of the sort.’_’ "Then how know you that you have lost her?” Brackenbridge was silent. “Let us be honest one to the other. An swer me: How knew you?”, “Her guardian, her aunt, told me.” “My young friend, take the advice of one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woman—never. Give me that revolver you have in your breast pocket.” The revolver was weakly passed over. “Now we are coming to Earl's Court Station. Get out; be a man; walk up to the first policeman; you meet—or, bet I ter still, hail a hansom, and tell cabby to drive to the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector: T hear there.is. a war rant out. Tor me. I have come to. give i myself up, if you want me.’ ” I ' diojvro.'... T. UnnU, to do it. VOU | know, 1 swear I don't ; but I suppose your advice is good. 'I must say I do not fancy passing’ through the machin ery of 'justice—the stinking police cells and maybe the stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Holloway as well. don’t like the idea, I say.” “Nonsense. I have -little doubt that you’ll find, the plank bed in the cells more entertaining at least than the stone slab of the morgue.” “Don’t speak of it, sir: not another wosd. I hadn’t thought of that ’pon my soul, I hadn’t. You make. my flesh The stranger grinned for the first time. Arthur Brackenbridge reached for his hat, and reluctantly left the car riage. He stood for a moment, his hack to the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, he said : “Yes, you’re right. I’ll do it; I’ll give myself up and see what becomes of me. My name is Brackenbridge ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear often enough in the newspapers during the next month or so. But, whatever be comes of mo, you, sir, have saved my life. "Whether you have done me a good turn or an evil one has yet to be seen; but to-night, at least, I am graetful, very grateful. That slab keeps recurring to m ymind, you know, and—well, good bye, my friend, and G-od bless you, sir, :God bless you!” . The two men clasped hands, gazing into one another’s face earnestly and long. The train started with its usual wracking jerk. The heavy man sat huddled in the corner, his brows contracted, arms fold ed, and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot. The train arrived, at and departed from West Kensington station. He slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The muzzle smelt blood; it looked blood. Without one glance at the weapon, but handling it as a usurer handles a gold ornament, he muttered: “Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one should balance the other. But he says:. ‘No; not one life, hut two you have taken—two! two! your victim’s and your own.’ I believe he as as right M&TOJSs;* 8®? Mfst m1 n$f and for all eternity. He said to me : ‘God bless you, sir!’ I think that is of good omen. He is the last I shall meet on this earth, and he said, ‘God bless you, sir!’ ” With his thumb he drew hack the j hammer of the weapon until it ‘clicked” twice. “I may as well end my flight by [instantaneously putting myself out of reach of my pursuers; and it is better that I do it with the young man’s words ringing in my ears. He was flying to his death; I from mine. He found life; I find-” At Hammersmith station the travellers by! the train gathered round the compart ment, to stand tip-toe and peer into it while the guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful collapse; and next morning’s papers contained the news of the suicide of the Gray’s Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Brackenbridge. —“The Ludgate.” 