[?] anqsioak. — 2a (1 Sutwlay after Trinity, Jane 14. Holy Trinity, mattina at 11, evensong as 7.30 ; TYelltflgmve at $ Omstchurch, Dundee, mattius aud lioly communion at 11 j Yarraford at 5 —Rev . A. TV. fiiag, Yicar ; Mr. K C. Kuox, lay reader. Presbyterian, — Service© f©r Sftbbiitlr next; — Glen Iunes at II and 7.30 Clarevaalx at 3— Rev. W. IVatt. The Rev. A. P raser goes to Tenterfisld j this week to arrange for ILf settlement/ of a minis ter in that charge. Wesxjiyas,— Sorvive© for next SabVatti < — Glen limes at II and 7.30, Stonohenge at 1.30, Glencoe at 2.30.— Rev. IV. T. S. Wrlgkt. Utimsikb i he Gaol. —"Department of Justice, Syduav, 5tll Juue, 1898. Sir, — I have the honor by the direction of tbe Minister ©f JllStlC© t© a©— knowledge receipt of your letter of theithinst.. urging that the new gaol at Glen Inlies, which la J now unused, should be made available for til© treatment of juvenile offenders, and to Inform you that the saute will receive due consideration. I have tbe boner to be, etc., Arch, q, FjtASEB, Under secretary. Mr. F. A. Wright, M.P." <5w Eww tvoau,— Mr. F, A, Wright, M.F., has written to the Works Department, enclosing a Cotnmuuicatioii from Mr. J. D. Gock, of Glen Elgin, respecting the work© at present bring carried out on the Glen Elgin road. In their reply the De partment have forwarded the following telegram on tbe subject from tlis XvOBideDt Engineer ; — ' Be telegram of yesterday. Glen Elgin road one and a haif mile, hemg cleared 20 feet wide at a cost o£ £24 Jroin the junction defining tin; road where there is niOSt traffic, providing Utl easier grade up the hill, and widening track tbrougb sci-uU. Xhe clearing i© not quite finished, and there may be fallen trees obstructing traffic, though I h ave no complaints. 1 A gang will work on tbe road all B©Xt mOOtl) IIP- proving sidling and other places." iksolvescy Laws. — 'Under tbe present insol vency law biamabie debtors are enabled to slink away from responsibilities which they are ashamed to openly acknowledge 5 trusting creditors av© bled without obtaining any satisfaction ; and there is Called illfcd existence a swarm of amateur and con scienceless trustees wbo fatteu on the proceeds Of insolveut estates. Melbourne Age on the capital ist-made insolvency law. glkn innks superior PtUJLlo SCHOOL. — Mr, W. Beavis, District Inspector, has just completed his Inspection of this School, when S2B pupila were ' examined (177 boy© and 148 giric), a larger total J than at any previous time. The following pupils gained exemption certificates — Harold Stevenson, Henry Scott, dohw x, Gal tor, Lucy Harris, Rose Sergei, Miuuie Solomons, Ele auer Danes, Isabella Matthews. Bailwat dTATios Master.— Mr. A. Bracken- VCgg, who for live aud . a half years occupied tke post of station master av TY»leb» road, has been appointed successor to the late Mr. B. Haslam at the local railway station, and will commence duties about tbe e»,<i of ©lie moutlii Mr, Gowie, of Tam- wortb, has been acting Station- master in the interim. XYe are glad to learn that Mr. Haslam's son bas received an appointment iu the Railway Depart ment at Newcastle, aud being a smart, intelligent lad, he Ougkt to taate good progress iu the service, I Tflfl Drap, Dome, and Bund Institution. — One I of tbe most useful and benevolent institutions in tbe colony is that whieh cares for and educates i those uufortliuate children who are stricken with ' deafness and biinflu©©©, filling their minds with knowledge ami fitting them to take their places in society as useful and self-supporting individuals. At th© Hew South Wales Institution for the Deaf, Dumb and Blind, situate one the Newtown Road, Syduey, this work Is being quietly, yet effectively, earned on, in addition to the ordinary English education the deaf hoys are fcaug\fc carpentry, tke I girts cookery T oeecUework and hOPBCVlOlil dUtlCS) while the Wicd are instructed iu mum hyaoa mpe. tfitlt £)iyf£S£!0tf. IIiGrG ts uo tiifttitation (n tbe col- 1 ony more deserving of public sympathy iVI>fl Support than this, and, as its funds are very low, the direc tors at'e UOW making SLU appeal for subscriptions. 1 Mr. Henry Cooke, the a©©l©tiint secretary, will shortly visit Ukn Innes to solicit subscriptions aud WC trust his efforts will he lib erally responded to. 1 Persons knowing Qf deaf or blind. children who have ' not heen in the institution will much oblige by informing Jlr. Cooke Or the hon. secretary, Mr Ellis Robinson, whose addres© i© 225 Castlereagh stroet, Sydney. Contributions sent by post to Mr. RobillSO.il Will be thankfully acknowledged. ' Y oum Men's Institute.— At the gymnasium on Tuesd ay evening a smoke concert was held jj, ' i connection with tb© Young Men's Institute, and passed oS fairly well. Most of the items of a long j programme were ereditaldy rcnd«r«tl unci yp)) receWea fcy iftrjp assemblage of members. Songs were given to tiw Rev. A. IV. K'uia add M easts, j G. Vincent, G. Tyler, D. .1. tloonm, (i. Priest, and ' g. G<mon a ilur,t (©ami©) was rendered by Messrs < | TV. Brvdun aud Vincent Messrs. H. AmesLury (comicj. G. R. Lnidman, G. Tyler (comicj, P, j Pnnn, E> Wbcrier, G, Herecbeii, and 0. Vincent recited J aud Mr. Hetscholl gave a capital imitation cornet solo. ' Osscexe Laeouaqe, — Mii>»ir, Foot© was ar raigned befoiai tiic P. M. at the Police Court on Moud-ay to answer a charge of nsing obscene lan guage in Church-street on the previous day, After ; hearing the evidence of Constable Laid man, the 4 lady of vile tongue' was found and being wnable to meet a floe of 10s, she is now spending a weok. ID gaol. — Yesterday, before Mr. G. ftteveu- JfPv, 5 drunk vvas fined 5s Death in mm Hospital.— au old man oamed i Oari Satzel tiled In tire ElospitaA ou Tuesday f wn> general debility, The deceased was 65 years of age, and for many years had haeu in the employ of Mr. T?. Gore, at CVarevaulx. Ladies' Benevolent Society. — At a committee meeting of the above held in tbe Couvt House gu Thursday iast there were preseu t— <M esilames Black, Fraser, Connor, Barry, Hcotfc, Hurker, Martin, and Holme©. After tb© ©0) respondeuce bad been read and noted, the list of oases gaining assistance from tbe Society was carefully gone into, and in some instances rent and blankets were substituted lor the usual weekly grocery order. The secretary paid iu subscriptions to tbe amount of £1, and accounts amounting to £2 Os 9d were passed for payment. Mesdames Black aud Harker were appointed visitor© for tlie ©astern ©id© of the town and Mesdaines Martin and Barry for the Western portion. Mixiho Handbook.— This book has been issued Uttder the authority of the Minister for Mines, and contains au epitome of information ©1> W)l)|)g matters, besides regulations and. laws, most haudyj aud useful for reference. Goples can he procured 1 from every Warden© GH'rVs at til© DOlhimtl priCC of 3d, by post 4U, and every person interested in Ullntug should procure a copy without detay. i SxanBimx's ReroniED Dimth.— Staobury, the Australian Soulier, Was On Monday reported to have been drowned while training on th© XhaW©S, but the report was found to be untrue. While training, Btanhury lost a scull, and In trying to . recover it upset lii© ©u trigger, lie managed to dive clear of the boat, get into a skill, hale out- his Otvn boat, aud resume training. Gbafion Chamber or Commerce. —A t the usuaf monthly maetillg ou Thursday eveulug last the fol lowing correspondence was dealt With ; — From th© Public Works Department, Mr. John See and the President, stating that as soon as surveyors could be spared the trial survey© as suggested by Mr, O, Lloyd will be carried out.— Keeelved, and a tele gram he sent to the Prcsldeuti to see tbe Member. Sw Grafton, ami urge upon the Miuiater for Works that Mr. Lloyd's suggestions be earned out at OUCO-, I and that Mr. Lloyd be sent if possible. X© Was further agreed to wire Mr, Utz to, communicate With Mr. Wright, M.P., to assist in the matter. Prom Mr. T. i-Vge, suggesting th»t a special gene ral meeting of the Chamber be called to consider tllfi railway matter so t(.&' uu t -d action could be taken with a view of pressing GruftOU'3 Claim 00 the Government. —Received, aud a special general meeting to he held at the School of Arts ou Priday, 12th mat., at & p,m„ and that the business consist of the Grafton-Glen Innes Railway. From Mr. Utz, stating that Mr. Statham had offered to find ' I a line if the expenses about £20) WfrC paid. lie felt sure a grade of 1 in 60 could he got— Received, and that Mr. Utz he wvittfcu to atatiug that the Chamber did not think it advisable tO adopt Mr. Statha m's suggestions at the present stage, hut that Mr. Stathaui would he written for bis ideas ou tbe matter, CuiTEiiroN Burlesque' Company. — This Com- pauy, under tbe management- of MlSS Kilt© HOWarde, will ©pen for a short season of two nights in the town hall th morrow evening. Ti ie initial perform ance Is 'Little Jack Shcppax-d,' and ©n Monday night the Company will stage The New Woman.' The Criterion Burlesque Company have just com pleted a successful towr through North Queensland, opening to crowded houses nightly, and a short aaaaOU at Brisbane was cvowued with equal success Speaking of the merits of the Company, tbeDriS' bane Courier, of May 25, says -.—The performance was carried through briskly, aud th© leading mcm- bere of tbe combination gave a good account of themselves. Miss Rowarde is an actress of consid erable experience. The part Of Bpb Mil pill TO IS apparently a favorite one, and the character was given its due prominence, and played witll Spirit. For tbe singing of a medley in the first a©t She WQS accorded an enthusiastic encore, Miss Ada Juueen Was Wfill suited as Gharies, the happy bridegroom. She sang ' Dudah acceptably, and in response to an eocore, gave a ©lever top-boot dance. M iss Vio let Bertram, who appeared as Clement! ue (ti ie bride), is tbe possossor of a fine VOICO, ricll 11 1 1)1)0, aud of good quality, and received an encore for her Singing Of the ballad '0 ne Heart Divine.' Mr. Eert. Bailey, a comedian of th© grOtPSqUO type, endowed with wonderful vitality, scored a success as Jacques. His opening song was ' Where am i lodging now,' and the audivu©© 6©nld DOt haVC enough of It. With Miss Howards he eaug the duet, ' The greatest show on earth,' which was also received with favor, a inking negro melody, "Doe the Cotton,3 was takeu part iu by the com pany. The opening chorus of the Becond act, Hark, hark, th© bell i© tolliug,' WAS W6ll d Oile, and the 4 Bogie Man chorus, with . Mr. BaiLy as the Bogle. Man, was made, a special feature vf, JT©r his fin© ©iuging of ' When bright eyes giauce Mr. Harry Craig, as Loupy, received an. encore. Mr. Bailey was very successful in a parody ©1) Au Revoir,' and Miac Blanche Young, who acted with Vivacity the part of the waiter Pierre, executed a skirt dance gracefully. Germuel was satisfactorily interpreted by Mr. Terence Goodwin. salaries From Loans. — Tbe Sydney ©orrespon- dent ©f the Grafton Examiner writes :—From a Parliamentary paper, which was laid upon the table of the Mouse last week in r<-apouse to a demand from Mr, M'Elbonc, it appears that it has been the practice for a long time past to pay the salaries of a considerable number of Qivii Servant© from tl)C Loan Fund, Theae payments have averaged about £47,000 a year, aud the salaries I lave utver ap- peared in tbe Estimates. The praetie© Wa8 DOt initiated by the present Government, but they are adhering to it as zealously as their predecessors. It is entirely wrong, aud certainly it vvfts j)©y©f intended that loan money should be used in this manner. So far as I am able to judge, the Public Service Commissioners have no power to put a Stop to the practice They can out down salaries and dismiss public servauts, hut they have not, I be lieve, any power to insist that no public ©CrVUUt shall draw bia salary from the Loan Funds. Tiio Assembly Should iutitruct the Government to dis continue the practice. Sir Henry Faros.— In a letter to a contem porary Mr. B. R. Wise writes as follows — " We are at present too near to Sir Uvnry FuiHeS tO estimate his true dimensions. Ail that can he said at present eau ho expressed in six words, ' We haw ic©t n great man,' As for any estimate of his personal qualities, his loss is too roeeut, and too ! (ttAuu lv felt. £ov auy to attetupt tViis a.t pre- i sent, On the Yfhtfts, acuonlintflj, I co/jclizto that ' thin ia V&tlm; 1 turn for eilonce aud reflection i iliau tor? iattx. It may interest jjrou to kn thftt I 1 bavu been charged by Sir Henry with the arrange. 1 IllOnt Of his letters and papers with a view of arranging tllciu for publication »© I tl>H)H fit, Tll'lS work, which is very buidcusome , ia at present fully , doeupying my scanty leisure." A 5PESTAKTM» ghost,— A certain gbost down Adelaide way must have felt considerably aston ished the otber day at the turn affairs took wheil he tried his winning- wiles on Thomas Meddai. The spook, so the story goes, presented himself to hi© propose11 victim with tbe announcement j "Thomas Meddai, I want you," spoken in hi© ; most awe-inspiring sepulchral tones (ghosts always j speak in SvpalvUval tones tbey can't help it J their very surroundings are against the use of any. other kind of tone.) But Thomas Mcddal was liot Willing to give himself up to the ghost so easily. He required stronger proof of the claim to his earthly body, and of- the intangibility of the accost ing spirit. With the assistance of a stout stick ho found that the ghostly fiesli was ali too solid, aud » brief ©orimmag© v-mtvfi all dcabt ai«\ tb«? spiritual visitor . turned out to he au ordinary person of the ua,me of Rudd. HU little joke cost li'ltn just £d 5s, finite sufficient punishment to deter Mr. Rudd froni meildaling with sheets again. converting the Heathen. — Tbe Salvation Army is at Thursday Island, and tho War CriJ gives an idea of what is involved. Says tbe officer i iu charge " Our first meeting was for soldier© ' only, and J must nonfess that the teniparatui'G of nervous iuqqisitiveness experienced by every s.a. special was indeed tropical in me. Our converts and soldiers in this corps repieseut some twenty-six nivtiooaUticB, longing from tbe West Indies to Chili, taking in the islands of the South Seas, the bbllippines, Java, through Gey Ion ribt away to Scotland, a»d thus round tb© world, Wbat t© aiug aud ivhat to say was naturally au anxious question. Still, 1 discovered in this first meeting what is becoming more and more acknowledged, 'that God has made of one blood all nations o£ tbe earth,- Tb© Salvation Army is tb© most adaptable institution under heaven, while concrete, umnov ably so, upon the questions of repentance, faith, . aud holmes©, yet iu its forms and usages so, clastic that thay will embrace alL" Every week we are receiving something netv and fashioit'ihle iii Ladies Capes ami Mantles. — RULE Bros. — 2 Expenditure ax Relief works;— Returns laid before Parliament on Tuesday night show the following expenditure on unemployed ; — At Shea's Creek to date, £227.243, including £22,800 for re" sumptions ; Centetiuial Park. £22,2S4 ; railway fare©,;- £50,759, including £30,000 for foasickers i forest thinning, £47,200 : relief of unemployed, £21,500 for rations, miners' rights, subsidies to country municipalities ; and £470 for the eatah.- lishnieut of labor agenny iu country audi districts. We are just opening a line of Ladies Jackets, special value, 3s lid.— Rule Bros.— I. Our Opportunist Government.— The necessity fov water eouservatlon was long ago established by Mr, Lyno, the lender of tbe present Opposition . Neither he UOI' his subject got the slightest assist- unce fvcvvn tUe mcmVjeva ot fcKe. Govecumeot now afflicting the colony. But ever since they wohhied the loaves aud fishes they have kept nibbling and nibbliug at it in thar peculiarly opportunist futhlOn pursued by political timeservers, who adjust their sails according to the shifting breeze. Sometimes they have ©et dead on for irrigation, then taoked away from it in a direction which might better fill out their sheets. They are fair on to it again. Tbe land tax blister has set tbe rural Freetraders' hack up, and as political perdition would be sure i to; follow the threatened alienation of tbe pastoral ' vote— for tbe Government is already trying to put thole discredited house in order for a general elec tion — the doomed Cabinet ou Tuesday devoted much, of their sitting to the consideration of a Uglier Conservancy and Irrigation Bill, aucl the bait is" artfully thrown out that it will b© at least ' introduced ' to tlie Assembly before the end ot the .sessiou. — Newcastle . lie raid.. ... 