The Sunday School \-------- INTERNATIONAL LESSON. \-------- SUNDAY. MAY 31, 1895. \-------- DESTRUCTION OF JERUSALEM FORETOLD. Luke xxi. 20-36 I. — Overlooking the Temple The Widow's Mite. — This chapter begins with one of those action lessons —which have passed into the common language of the world — the story of the widow's mite. It has been con- jectured from the phrase "He looked up and saw," that He was sitting with downcast eyes, saddened, perhaps in His spirit by the great denunciation of the preceding chapter, and this little incident has been compared to a rose amid a field of thistles. It was to be followed by a picture of deep shadows, and it was like a ray of sunshine. St. Mark tells us that the gifts of the rich were large, the widow's mite was small. They gave out of their over-plus, she out of her "penury." But as one said, long years since, "One coin out of a little is better than a treasure out of much," and it is not considered how much is given, but how much remains behind. In the Talmud, a high priest is similiarly taught by a vision not to despise a poor' woman's offering of meal. The Glory of the Temple. — The temple was the glory of the Jewish people. They regarded it with admira- tion and affection as we do St. Paul's Cathedral; as the French, Notre Dame; as the Italians, St. Peter's. The disciples were Jews, and shared the national enthusiasm for the holy place, and they spake of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and offerings. The enormous size of the stones with which the temple was built by Herod at its last restoration, is specially mentioned by Josephus. He says that many of them were above twenty-five cubits in length, eight in height, and twelve in breadth. A cubit was about twenty-two inches of our measure. Tacitus, the Roman historian , and Josephus, the Jewish writer, both mention the enormous riches contained in the temple, consisting chiefly of offerings given by pious persons, or by rulers who wished to testify respect for the buil- ding. In particular, there was a golden vine given by Herod, with clusters of grapes as tall as a man. Many of these offerings were suspended in the portico of the temple, so that all could see them. There are remains of a wall built of enormous stones still seen at Jerusalem, which the best informed travellers agree in thinking must have been standing when our Lord spoke this prophecy. — Bishop Ryle. II. — The Approaching Doom. The question, "Master, when, there- fore, shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when these things are about to come to pass ?" was asked by the apostles as Jesus sat on the Mount of Olives. Perhaps gazing on the temple, as it shone in the last rays of sunset. The answer is in this chapter, and the parallel passages in St. Matthew xxiv. and St. Mark xiii. The End. — "The best comment on the primary fulfilment of this discourse is the Jewish War of Josephus, and the Annals and History of Tacitus, whose narrative is full of earthquakes, wars, crimes, violences, and pollutions, and who describes the period which he is narrating as one which was "rich in calamities, horrible with battles, rent with seditions, savage even in peace itself." The main difficulties of our Lord's prophecy vanish when we bear in mind (1) that prophecy is like a land- scape in which time and space are subordinated to eternal relations, and in which events look like hills seen chain behind chain, which, to the distant spectator, appear as one, and (2) that in the necessarily condensed and varying reports of the Evangelists, sometimes the primary fulfilment (which is shown most decisively and irrefragably by verse 32 to be the fall of Jerusalem), sometimes the ultimate Ful- filment is predominant. The fall of Jerusalem was the close of that aeon, and a symbol of the final end. This appears most clearly in the report of St. Luke." — Cambridge Bible. The comings of Christ. — For as a man of deep thought and holy life said : "There are many comings of Christ." "Christ came in the flesh as a Media- torial Presence." "Christ came at the destruction of Jerusalem." "Christ came, a Spiritual Presence, when the Holy Ghost was given." "Christ comes now in every signal manifestation of redeeming power." "Any great reformation of morals and religion is a coming of Christ." "A great revolution, like a thunder- storm, violently sweeping the evil away, to make way for the good, is a coming of Christ." "Christ will come at the end of the world, when the spirit of all these comings will be concentrated." Christ coming to us. — Christ will come to us in the hour of death, that will be for each of us a final advent. He who has been our Saviour, and is our example, will be our Judge. Hence we must so live that in the hour of death, and in the day of judgment, we may meet Him with joy, and not with grief. 