western ? australian' ?.??notes.; [By a Soctu Ai'sti:au.vx.] I havo been staying1 a week or two at Hannan's, and really the number of South Australians ono meats there is a3tonis!iiug. I was in tliu biiliurci-rooui at the club there and out of twenty-four, gentlemen present no lo&dthan; twelve hailed from Adelaide. Captain Mcecham is the Secretary. Mrs. Meecham con ducts a private hospital, aud her kindly minis trations havo soothed tho fevered bro-.vs of scores of Adolairla men..' Mr. John Moulo seems settling down ainou^3t the people there. Hu .has in.-.iiy good thing3 on haud, aud I haw noticed his name in connection with tho Provisional Directorate of sonio promising ventures, ilr. J. J. East, late of tho Adc laido School of Mines, seems always willing to givo old friends a good tip. Mr. Short, late M.P., now manages Mr. V. L. Solomon's business, and Mr. R. \V. Hall, Mr. Stovr, aud Messrs. -Maun & Sinclair represent tho legal fraternity: whilst Mr. L., Graysou and Mr. Pate will give you an honest rcwrt on mining properties— for a consideration. Out on tho mines, too, the Sauth Australians are to the fore. Thoy cot their very fall share every where of the good things going, aiid as Biak clerks their iiaino is legion. ? Much' adverse comment is current here in regard to the uianuer in which tho Banks work their officials. There Is scarcely a £:mk in eithur city or country which doc3 not seem to bo shamefully under nuniicd, aad scores of young fellows working half tlic night through in stuffy, iueonvem'eiic buildings succumb every summer to typhoid, which fas-tens on the worn -out systems with fatal effect. Talk abous cruelty to animals. There isu't much worse cruelty, than is prac tised hero by those highly rcipsctable institu tions thu Banks. Sucoly they aro payiwr, or not paying, little enough for money now to be able to bo a bit merciful to tiio hundreds oZ youug follows whoso health and vigour they wear out. The Bunk clerks in Wcstai-n Aus tralia are amongst tiie few who do much work donu here. '.Working men of all tradt-3 as a rule take things precious easy, and iu this they are onulated by their masters. It is somewhat amusing— that is if you are not a shareholder— to take a turn arouud tho mines. It is calculated by those who know that with few exceptions ever}* bit of work done cost3 about double what it ought to do. Men utterly unused to mining accept with lying alacrity ths lnoac responsible pusitious, and then begin to loaf the hours away with tho most; patient indifference. Drivo up unoxpoctcdly to a mine, uud you usually sea one man at a U'in-Jl.v;3 leisurely surveying tho country from the top of a muliock hen p. otcajtoiiafiy shout injt words of cheer to iiis mate below. To most of such mines a c-ipta.n is appointed. Ho has probably from four to eight men under him. He is not expected to work himself, and often enough ho -lous nut seem to regard it as any part of his duty to make others work, iia is paid for lying iu his tent rending and banging away 'tha flics with a inallcu branch : at least one would supposo bo from the a33id;iity with which hu performs this task. Take five mine? out of ten and get the work done valued, and compare tho cost with what it ought to have coit, und the shareholders would be ill for avvaek. Hut than who knows? Do the Directors? Does thu Secretary ? Wlut need of a captain over every little mining prop-srty? if some troublo were taken could not adjacent properties be worked under tho general supervision of soiuo good man, the payment of whom salary cauld be shared by the whole, and then loathe individual mines havo a good practical miner as foreman. A time is coming, and that rapidly, too, when in or%ier to pay dividends c.\|-3uces must bo kept down, anil the strictest pcrcoual supervision must be excrcihed. Let those who lire responsible in Adcl.iido ask thctn^clvrs what they really know of the cost of the work done, :is compared with what it ought to cost, of tiio tini'. taken to do tilings, compared with what it ought to take. - A little serious thought 011 these matters would, I nm sure, result iu drastic change. Some of the Directors sond their Secretaries round now and then, but what do they know about mining— tho majority of them?— they arc only office men. If some ,of the Adelaido Com panies would ouly combine aud send round every now and then a competent ami inde pendent Inspector to examine aud report, the increased activity which would result would, pay for the cost over and over again, and tho noble- army of mining captains would come out of their tents and bustle around a bit. Criticism of this kind is not, of- course, caj-a- blo of universal application, but I h::vc visited ssuroH of mini.-, and in the majority of initaiicu.-. 1 have oven tior.-i captaiu downward but Hub energy or push; aud the whole system wan is altering bvJly if shareholders am over to jjec tin? ghost of a dividend. . The mines about llanuan's are developing wonderfully veil ; '.tot a ws-Ai p.i'^cs without tho m.iksng puiiliu of »omu now discowi-ics vliiuli enhance tho valuu of' mauy i-roi-vrtics. The [irej-w'nee of gnhi in largo and payable quantities must now bo admitted by even the most cautious of our criticj, who Unve lately chaufjotl thuir tone considcmbly. AVo grant, they say, tho gold— but what about the water? Many lijrbt very shy of . this subject, nntl 'Smiling put the question by.' /Await developments, they say — .water will bo got iu tho iniuo tlicmselv-.'it at dcpih suBicicut for eaL'h uiiuo'a battery rerjmro ruoats. li'ii ut hopa they will prove true prophets, bnt jwj; them to ba»-k thsir opinions by batting sixpence, a;j-l sco wi:cro they arc. The water question is without doubt a most serious one, anrl the mot? gold you know you t:avo which can only he won -by the aid of water the gr.Mt'.-r ;ha ausic'y to jrnt the water, 'J'lw dry pr*v.'s-ioi which* iiavo been attempted on t!:« field have failw.1. A new process was referred to bv tho Chairman i-f tho \Vcstorn Australian Trading Syiulicito at tho shareholders' meeting in London tin; other day as 'a really lnan'ollous invention.' It willdo. away with all crushing, stanr,)ing, and. pulvcrizintj as hitherto practiflcd, and will cnabio a miner to reduce the hanle3t (ju.-.rti to a condition' of sand, aud even a iiuo fio'.ir, without producing tlm usur.l h'.iaio and mud.' Tiie proccis is ca!!«:d tb« ''On: 'Automatic Rctluc tion Process,' and it is claimed thai tho quartz «iu b-o reduced with .the simplest jwssiblu machinery, costin-,- only a few jKiunns, at a cost of about Gd. a ton. It reads rv l.-it too good to 1)0 true, but this is what Mr. II. L. Goodman .stiil at :i uu;eting of tho West Australian Trading Syndicate tho other .day. The Forra-.t Government's proposal to supply the froldliolds with -v.\»ter at a cjot of i'-'.JOO.O'lO is still under di\ci!Si.io!i by {he Council. It is a gigantic scheme, and. means the use of 110 less than J)U,(R)O tons of pi[tes alone, beside* large quautitius of cuihcut: aud it moans from 15,000 to 2O.V.KI0 tons of fivl .-i year to iiin tho pumpiug niaciiincry. Thu port of Fremantle is already blouktd, r.nd bteamera havo Uud to wait nixty or sovca:;/ days Ixjforo boiujf dischar^ccl ; and tin; railw.iy Hues aro blorked . too. V/ith tlw :idcjilioiul trade that this large quantity of material will involve delays aro sure to arise, a:id tho pro spect of completing tiio work iu throo yu-urs is not a hopeful oui-. M.iay private schemes aro iu the air, but tho Government do nos seem to favour any of them. All that is asked is reservation of usvk-:-.s laud for catchment areas and tho ri^ht to put down pipes ; but no. . Sir John ITorrest has a very strong crotchet against nrivatu en terprise, *a:id that is enough. _ Sir John is everybody. True, the c-xperienco of ^tho Western Australian people has lx.vn aiout unsatisfactory in the past in regard to works undertaken by private Syndicates. They have been granted big concessions of land ; thev have faijud to carry, out their proniisc!* and undcrtaki g3: they havo squabbled '.and fought with tho Govemmcr.t, aud thejr one desire and aim ^-.w.s to havo beeu in far too many cases to sell out trt the Stuto at a big profit to thvm*.-lvc». But it do^ii't follow that becauso tueh things lia\u been in tho past they are likely to no in the future. Surely e.xp?ricuce lias taught tho Western Australians how to :uakv Iwitcr bargains by this time. One gi\;at ar(p.:iaent ;u favour of allowing privato enterprise to construct tho waterworks for supplying tho goid(iel-Iii is that the large amomii 01 money which tho State Ayili rcqnira to borrow will aootit .smother the rcsideat Western Auitraliaus : it tho iro.'d ficlJs should after all provo a failure. 'Up. to the end of 1S;'S tho population was about (iO.OOO, of whom it is tair to infer that not ab'tvo l'_'.00ti . were able - birlied taxpaying men. If the goMnchls fail the. popala tion will 900:1 . tUmiuidh. to ? eoniewhero about iliose fii^irci^agiiin. Such a thing is. jwssiblu. bnt not probaulc. If it coaies about how will they be able to bear such a burden of debt* Ought they to ri*»k it? Wouldn't it bo wiser to say we will allow private capitalists from outside to spend their money a.s tboy arc willing to do. If they low' wo don'i suffer. If we lose we are ruined. ? . Pailiug tho gold th^ro is absolutely nolhins to keep people in Western Australia in numlKrs. The soil is -o far as t have seen it, and I havo travelled much, absolutoly.unsuited for either agriculture or pasture, except iu very small patches here and there, and in njany places where tho laud is good the timber is so heavv that it would cost far more to clear it than it would be worth - v.-hen cleared. Does anybody suppose if there were ' any in dmtrics possible in Western Australia connec ted M'ith the land which would maintain a large or oven .niodcr.Uo.population, that after. 6ome seventy years of' existence ns tv. colony its population vrouM be so sraaU? It is not in dolence or apathy or want of enterprise that has kept Western Australia back ; it is the fearfully barren country tho settlers havo had to deal with ; and if xhi gold fail;, the fltru^le with nature will have to he renewed with enormously increased liabilities iu the shape of taxation, much of which might liave oeen avoided by allowing private capitalists to come in and sharo tho nsk. If 1 were an old colonist with taxable possessions in Western AustraUo, I would do my bast to convert Sir John Forrest in -this' direction -at any rate, because I bcliorehs'ia unconsciously arid with tho wry bast of intentions .allowing his fad to baeloud his sturdy patriotism and nunly com mon sense. . ?-?;?.'? ' The nowsppcts here are full of 5Ir. Zabiha Lane. Ho link returned froni London; ho has arrived in Perth ; he has departed for Coo!-. Bardie; helm been welcomed at Kalgoorlio; lie has beeu interviewed by several Prc»s gentlemen; ho ia sometimes slightly hid Is po3cd; and ho is said to bo conteniplatihg foaming to ride a bike. Tho'tierco light that heats abont r. throne causes him to livo in the full glare of publicity,' but ' toffy for bteakfftst, dinner, and tea. is rather pailiug. wo are told, and Mr. Zebina Lano is .suffering by too much pulf. The Conservator of Forests here, Mr. ; J. Eduie . Brown, is another victim- of the saino-. obiectioaablo practice, aud his goings forth and comings back are duly chronicled from day to day as ho makes his official pro frrois through. tho country.: Mr. Kaufmaun, too, the expert who fixed up the Lake View shareholders, is rapidly becoming a yictiru of the 3amo unfortunate craze. How distressing; it must be to con who arc so made to suffer through no fault- of their own. (lentlemen come out. here from England, invc3t tens of thousands of pounds, and ore let alone to go about their business in a quiet and unosten tatious manner. .- Whatever has Mr. Zebin-i Lane done that he should Ije so pursued and mads ridiculous? Tho Press wiil get into trouble over theso tilings some day. As regards ordinary common sort of people, tho cry is ''Still thsy come' — hun dreds every weak — and tho country is quietly absorbing them all. Mechanics aud miners are more in request than ever. Every where, at Perth, at- Coolgardie, at Hannans, in out- of-the-way little townships the sound of the haiaaier «ind' the ring of the trowel aro the inarching music of progress. Then is roam for all, except tho dissolute, and the people who aro too idle to do a reasonable amount of work — niora is not asked of them. Unfortunately the lowest classes of rogues . antl . rascala of both ' soxe3 have been coming in large numbers of late, and robberies with vio lence aro becoming vary common. But all things considered tbo goldSclds aro most ordorlv, and you would see as fino a body of men tnero asthero ia in Australia, and perhaps in the world. . 