THE PHANTOM CYCLIST. He was always close behind me, seems he didn't mean unkindly, Hia attentions when we rode along the track from Davy's But, Bat somehow I felt some fear, and I'd breathe a trifle freer When he left me in the gully just below the Moun tain Out. past old Diggings" and who Jtv'rv night my road from Davy's took me Bong Tom Pevy's, Who had made coin on " The Diggings" hated company; ^ Dismal was his place arid eerie, with neglect writ large and dreary, Why be lived there was a puzzle, too, that always ' baffled me. Bnmour said his place was haunted, yet through all I was undaunted, I determined I would ride the road each night my work was done: X was in the hills surveying, and I didn't fancy staying v While my little wife felt lonely in our home at "Alverlnn." On one point ! feel emphatic, that the ghost rode a pneumatic, A noiseless bike of curious make with no lights on to guide; i When he'd start his phantom pacing in my rear, as I I rode racing, I could never shake him off until he'd had his five mile ride. Hear the Mountain Hut he'd vanish, and each night I'd try to banisli All my ghostly thoughts, and strive to think of other things instead; It was useless all my trying, for 'ere long my thoughts went flying Back to the phantom cyclist, and he filled my dnnder head. He would pick me up directly, I can recollect correctly, At the milestone just in front of Long Tom Paver's battered gate, X would see his outline nearer on my vision growing clearer, As I pedalled dervn the bill road at an early hour or late. Hi6 first evening he attended, was just after I de fended Old Tom Payy from some teamsters in the shanty on the rise. Hiey had started cards with Pavy, and Tom took his " a-ffi-davy." x They were swindling.so accordingly theyblackencd both hia eyes. Just before the birth of Winter I itm with my phantom sprinter Riling one night slowly down " the Cut" where eucalypti wave, And each time I looked behind me he was always pointing blindly Back, to Pavy's, I surmised it, by the light the pale moon gave. Jn the morn I called at Pavy's on my way uphill to Davy's, Jus# by chance to sec how Tom was—he was stretched out on his bed; Not a living soul was near, him, none to comfort or to cheer him, In bis last hours here on earth—my first glance told, me be was dead. lie was/nneralled and planted, you'can take it all for granted, In a mariner that was fitting Tot a man who'd made a will, Where the reeds are tall and wavy, it is there we laid Tom Pavy, Just above the Stockyard Creek beyond the foot of Dudley's Hill. When the reeds are softly swaying I believe it is they're laying Tom's restless spirit, in and out as the season's When tife timid coot and plover flutter round and leave their cover In the swamp, Tom P, is striving then to break the bonds of si eep. «. After ev'rything was settled p'raps the ghost felt rather nettled, For I never saw him after that—he left me to go free— Bong Tom's cash was undivided, and somehow he ad decided To disown the phantom cyclist, since he left it all to me. X can never find a reason, whether in or out of season, "Why the cycling ghost did follow me riglit down from Davy's Rut; Why be always seemed so clannish, into thin air then to vanish, And to leave me altogether just below the Moun tain Hut. Did I take old Pavy's money? Well, a life of milk and honey Such as coin brings, surely is enough to make a ~ man say yes; pat Whatever you arrive at. if yon keep it strictly private, At another time HI toll you the result if you will guess. Lastcj? Tcrrington, AaelAide. 