[?] LYCEUM—' A TRIP TO CHINATOWN.' j.ne a.pierioan company ali TUB Aiyceum ia still making frantic efEorts to got to China town, and continues to succeed in not getting there in a manner which ia crowding tho house nightly. As a matter of fact, the pleasantries indulged in en route to the haunt of the Mon golian are so highly amusing, so piquant, and so very entertaining, that nobody wants them to get to the opium dens and fan-tan shops of the heathen. The Riche Restaurant and Cliff House are infinitely preferable to Chinatown. Miss Uhssio Clavton. the clever hieh and back kicker; Mr. Frauk Lawton, the whistle and bone manipulator ; and Mr. Harry Conor, the artist who takes liia temperature during the most sentimental passages of the piece, are the bright particular stars. The others ail play up to them in excellent musical-farce . style, and the result is a very excellent even ing's fun. w 8 « THEATRE ROYAL— ' THE DERBY WINNER.' Bland Holt's drama continues to satisfy the public craving for horseflesh at reason able rates, but as that appetite seems to, be getting somewhat sated, he announces the last nightjf.' ' A Woman's Revenjje' is to be revived next, and as it is a powerful play of human heart interest in it-the change should result in continued big business. ? A » HER MAJESTY'S-' THE CRIMSON THREAD.' . The last nights of Mr. George Darrell's sensational drama ' The Crimson Thread ' are aunounced. * 9 ? THE TIVOLI. This theatre, though always crowded on Saturday evening, has seldom had_ such an audience as that of last night, it being quite impossible to get inside the doors after the performance commenced. This happy state of affairs — so far as the proprietor is concerned — was due principally to the announcement that Mr. Chas. Godfrey would re-appear, and that Mr. Will Crackles would make his debut in Sydney. As regards Mr. Godfrey, so much praise has already been bestowed upon him that it is unnecessary to say anything more, except that all his songB were rendered with characteristic attention to detail. 'The Night Alarm,' descriptive of a fire, was a special item. Mr. Will Crackles was very favorably received. Besides being a capital comic singer, he is extremely clever as an ec centric dancer. Mr. Chas. Faning, assisted by several members of the oompany, gave a most laughable.sketch, entitled, 'Tho Automatons.' Mr. Chas. Cogill in a style quite his own was immensely funny, his quaint humor provoking a lot of laughter. The Misses D'Alroy and Lynn gave some very pretty songs and dances. They are decidedly graceful and refined artistes, and worthy of more encouragement. Among the vocalists, Misses Ada Colley, Flor ence ? Esdaile, and Rae Cowan each con tributed pretty numbers. Messrs. C. Howard aud K. Macklm also rendered suitable songs with success. Miss Ma vin and Messrs. Queen and Stowe did excellent turns, and the entertainment, as a whole, would be hard to improve upon. o q » TOWN HALL— TREBELLI CONCERTS. Mdlle. Trebelli bad a splendid house for her fifth concert at the-Town.Hall last night. Tho well-known soprano sang as Bhe always does — in a way which drew vociferous encores from a delighted audience, to which she responded all too economically, as it seemed, by the repeated demands for more. Audiences in this respect may be likened unto the daughters of the horse-leeph. Second only to the prima donna was Mr. John Prouse, the New Zealauder, whose fine voice was heard to great advantage in the big building. He, too, was encored times out of number. Mddle. Trebelli was further assisted by Miss Constance Evelyn, whose sweet contralto sounded in agreeable contrast to tho great soprano; Mr. Jules Simonsen, whose voice seems to have become bigger and better than it used to be ; Edgar Strauss, who contributed several charming 'cello solos ; and the masterly accompauist, Mr, J. Edward Sykes. There will be a matinee coucert on Wednesday next, at 3 p.m., which, judging from the apprecia tion heretofore shown, should bo crowded. « » a SYDNEY MUSIC HALL. Chapman and Kay's American Frolique Minstrel and Burlesque Company, consisting chiefly of Messrs. Alt'. W. Hazlewood, Will Wallace, Sydney Carden, Alf. Bartlett, Wa^y Edwards; Misses Amy Sherwood, Ettie Patter son, Nellie Stretch, and the Sisters Cambry, are keeping things on the move at this end of George-street. The second part includes a ballet, Miss Laura Duffreisse, Charles Duval, the Zobenos, and sundry others in addition to those previously mentioned. * 8 $ COOGEE AQUARIUM. This afternoon the Sydney Gaiety Company will give an entertainment, consisting of the usual minstrel first-part, a variety second part, and a laughable sketch by way of con clusion. o a o Henry Irving's Amerioan tour lasted 35 weeks. Mr. Ernest Hosking, ventriloquist, conjuror, and spook squelcher, has recently oon'cluded a successful tour in the South Coast districts. Charles Hoyt, author of ' A Trip to China town,' is said to have made more money out of his musical trifles than any other American dramatist. c Memories of Zulu Thompson's famous diorama are revived by a party named Herold, who is touriner New Zealand with a diorama of the Japo-Chinese War. Joseph Tapley appears in a revival of ' Mam'selle Nitonche ' at the Court Theatre, London, nnder tho management of May Yohe. Mr. Frank B. Vernon will .be accompanied by Miss Ada Woodhill, Messrs. Neville May man, George Marlow, Leonard Keith, and other artists on his Western tour. Miss Maud Beatty and Miss Lily Stephens, of Pollard's company, spent their afternoons while in Dunedin (N.Z.) at the Hospital sing ing to and otherwise entertaining the patients. Concerning the pronunciation of George | Edwardes' Japanese musical play ' The I Geisha,' in ; ono of the songs it is made to rhyme witii Asia. ?, ? Wilson Barrett says ho has. 'dressed in a cellar with an-inoh and a half of water floating about ip it. No hardship to some pros if there were, a due quantity of whisky- mixed with same. Of '.The Sign of tho Cross ' a London paper oaya it has peither dialogue, humorous interest nor characterisation. Merely a series of tableaux through which : Marcus Superbqa walks. The Faust Family are suing a Xaranaki (N.Z.) paper for libel damages, said libel being contained in references to the alleged erratic movements of the ghost. Herbert Flemming has leased tho Theatre Royal, Johannesburg, from July 6. He promises to successively introduce Charles Wyndham, Edward Terry, and Mrs. Langtry to Transvaal audiences. Walter Reynolds, proprietor of the Theatre Royal, Leeds, England, and one time well known in N.Z., levies a penny poll-tax on. deadheads at his theatre. The proceeds are handed to the Actors' Benevolent Fund, Austin Brereton, husband of Miss Edith Bland and sometime dramatic critic of Sydney Morning Herald, has a very practical and powerful article on ' The Deoadence of Dramatic Criticism' in the Illustrated American. [ New York Spirit of the Times says that as a king is known by his ministers so is Irving known by the artists and gentlemen with whom he surrounds himself. But why artists and gentlemen? Miss Sylvia Blackstone has reoeived aletter from Governor GormanBton's privute secretary anWnr»ivlf-(1t»iniT rnnninf-. lifli* Trn.rir»nn nnm positions, and informing the young composer that they will be played at Government House functions. Lillian Russell, tlie American comio opera artist, seorus to be a sort of tin goddess on wheels, 'The papers solemnly report that in addition to having- her golden bicycle stolen, she has had the misfortune to' fall off her, silver bicycle aud sprain her ankle. V Kennedy, tho mesmerist, gave away a bicyole duririg'his. last night's performance at tho Opera Uonsq. Considering the depressed state of the couiitry, some enterprising show*, man should announce a grand distribution of oheap restaurant tickets. Harry Rickards sent a. company to Broken. Hill, opening there last night. JohnColemau and Alice Leamar are the stars, and the rank aud file include La Bolle Maie; James-Harvey, J. W. Winton, Daisy Chard, Clareuoe Lyndon, and the Leslie Bros. Harry himself joins the' company on the 11th. Tony Pastor runs a variety show in New York from 12.30 to 11 p.m. for the small Bum of 20 cents. Lady Sholto Douglas is one of the performers. Fancy the daughter-in-law of the most noble the Marquis of Queensberry playing to a tenpeuny audience. Harry Pliminer, Hazlitt, Sweeney, Stirling Whyte, and Frank Harcourt rejoin George Rignold, opening at Melbourne Theatre Royal on August 1 in ' Cheer, Boys, Cheer.' Plim mer plays the leading part, Reginald Fitz Davis. Tho Crystal Palaoe, London, was opened by the Prince Consort in 1854—42 years ago. It was two years in building, and cost ^61,500,000. It has passed through many vicissitudes — including five and rivals — but Btill goes on. Harry Conor, the 'Trip to Chinatown' comedian, took a snapshot of one of -our Domain cows the other day, and purposes sending the picture home in order to enlighten New Yorkers on the subject of our milk supply. Mr. Conor is strongly advised to send along a photo of our water supply as well. If ' Charley's Aunt ' runs till September next it will have exceeded the famous run of ' Our Boys.' Amongst those who took part in the benefit to Mr. William Larmou'r last Monday at Coogee were : — Miss Maud Leamington, Mons. Napoleon Boffard, Mons'. Jules Sitnonsen, Mr. Arthur Hunter, Professer Barker, Mr. Thomas A. Ricketts, Mr. Sparkes, and the Sydney Gaiety Company. The entertainment was managed by Alderman Hincka, Mr. A. M'Cleneghan, and Mr. Ernest Hawes. New Zealand will not tolerate that theatrioal atrocity, the advertising-act drop. The writer remembers one being hissed off at Wellington, and Dunedin protests against the innovation, this time attempted by no less a firm; than Williamson, and Musgrove. The Otago Witness, says : — ' There are, fortunately, few ' advertisements on it, and on that account there is reason to hope that this atrocity — now perpetrated for the first time at a production of Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's— is not going to be tolerated by business people.' Hetty Muret, of the Royal Comio Opera Company, now in New Zealand, lived for some years in Dunedin, and was a pupil at the Girls' High School there. The Cyclorama of Jerusalem, as it was at the time of Christ, with thunder and lightning, and storm effeots generally, is open daily from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. In order to bring the educational advantages of the entertainment within reach of the youngsters, schools are allowed a rebate of one-third of the price of admission. A London paper says that tho success of the Irish musical melodrama, ' Shamus O'Brien ' has opened up a new idea to managers and composers, and that one hears of coming operas ou 'The Peep o' Day,' and 'The Shaughraun.' Yo Gods 1 Is it possible we may eventually have an operatic version of, say, ' The Shamrock and the Rose F' Navy-lieutenant Winterhatter (suggestive name), whom Helen Dauvray has just married in Alameda, is of the junior grade. He is said to be a handsome man of magnificent physique, and Miss Dauvray is reckoned to be one of tho prettiest and cleverest actresses ever raised out West. This is the Californian Diamond's third matrimonial venture. Ou the way over from 'Frisoo the Chinatown Trippers revived the traditional coming aboard of Father Neptune, and everybody had to recite, give a song, or shout. The Rev. L. M. Isitt, the Temperance apostle, was aboard, and when they called on him he delivered him self of a couple of Irish recitations. It would have added to the humor of the affair if Mr. Isitt, knowing no song or reoitation, had been obliged to shout for all hands. The Royal Comic Opera Company is tackling ' The Gaiety Girl,' to the evident satisfaction of the New Zealand public. Florence Young is playing Rose Brierly, and George Lanri Dr. Briorly — Monkhouse's part. Juliet Wray is the French maid, Pat Bathurst Capt. Gold fie'.d, May Pollard the Gaiety Girl, and a Miss Florence Seymour succeeds Maud Hobson as Lady Virginia Forrest. C. M. Berkley follows Kaye as Major Barclay, and Howard Ver non plays the divorce judge. Frank Lawton, of the ' Trip to Chinatown ' Company, makes the biggest hit of the evening with bis whistling, which is distinctly tuneful. Encored for his first ' number, he whistles a sort of Amerioan wing dance tune, which is also vooiferonsly oncored. He then givos Ben Bolt, and this being even more vigorously re demanded, he whistleB this ee'm of his reper toire, the intermezzo from ' Cavalleria Rusti cana.' A concert for the benefit of Joseph Warren and family, who are in very distressed circum stances, will be given in the hall of the Rail way Institute on Friday evening, -July 10. The Hon. J. H. Carruthers will take the chair, and Mr. Harry Rickardg has ^promised the servioes of Mr. Charle3 Faning, Miss Rae Cowan, and Misses Dalroy and Lynne. The entertainment is- under the 'patfon≥ of the Mayor and aldermen of Htlrstville, and the Kog&rah; Brass Band will render selections during the eveping; Expressive lines from ' The Geisha' Happy Japan, . ... . Garden and glitter, Flowei; and fan. Flutter und flitter I Land of bamboo (Juvenile whacker) j Porcelain, too, Tea tray and lacquer I The Princess Comio Opera Company will go on tonr next week with the following ladies and gentlemen, under the management of Mr. J. A. Carroll : — Miss Emma Wangenheim (soprano), Miss E. A. Lambert (contralto), Mr. Sydney Ralfo (tenor), Mr. Arthur Hunter (baritone), Mr. Walter Reed, Mr. Per ay Stewart, Gus Fairfax, James Regan, Miss Edith Oliver, Miss Tina Merle,Mi8s Deoima Hope, Miss Elsie Walters, Miss Valerie EUerB mero. They will start on the Southern line, with Cecil R. Sorrell as agent. Old George Coppin, of Melbourne Theatre Royal, made his first 'final' dppearanoe 50 years ago. Nellie Stewart is reported to be about to piake another attempt in London in a pew. musical farce-comedy. Arrangements have been made for a benefit to Mr. Alfred Woods on Monday, July 13. Particulars are advertised. / ' Good business ' continues to be reported at the Palace of Amusements, 594 George street, New attractions are regularly added. Miss Thudichum, the singer, is a daughter of Dr. J. L. W. Thudiohum, of London. He ia a clever ohemiat and physiologist, and author of a scientific cookery .hopfe, ? ? The partnership existing hetweon Mrs. Harry Marshall and Mr. Alfrod Woods as lessees of Her Majesty's Theatre expires on Friday night next with the last performance of ' The Crimson Thread.' Dot Boucicault considers 1 Geraldine 01 iff o superior to Mrs. Brough in emotional parts such aB Tanqueray and'Ebbsmith. So does the Sunday Times, and always did. Jean de Ruszke, the famous tenor, writes in Melba's scrap-book : — ' Nature has endowed ' you with a voice of gold, positively the most adorable voico of our time. You are a musician ; you are a charming woman. All of these qualities may be appreciated by -the public, but what I know— I —is that you are the best of comrades, and that I shall keep an everlasting recollection of our relations, artistio and friendly. Always count upon yoflr devoted J . de Reszke.' C. R. Bailey, for eight years treasurer with George Rignold, does not rejoin his old chiof. He will be with Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellow as representative during- their Australasian tour. J. C. Williamson won't hear, of Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellevv putting up either Dumas' ' Francillou ' or Zola's ' Therese Raquin.' Neither of them could hardly be more risky than ' Hero aud Leander.'-' Critic William Aroher on Mrs. Potter in 1887: — ' 'JL'he beginning .of the period I am replevying saw the ]close of Mrs. Btowri Potter's mismanaged aud. (melancholy attempt to take the English stago by storm- .1 am. myself one of those who admire this lady-'s pluck, and do not deny her the possession of considerable talent in a more or less crude state ; but an angel, from Heaven could not have succeeded in the character she essayed.' Probasco, who trained Mahomet, the talking horse, is said to have now trainod half-a-dozen horses who can not only talk like Mahomet, but can also play at soldiers and do, all manner of other wild and more or lesB tedious things. Will Crackles, the latest English arrival at the Tivoli, gets much fun by butting head first at the stomach of a stalwart policeman. The newcomer got a warm reception last night, ? especially for his eccentrio dancing — a sort of combination of the Storey and Bradfield types. Mr. Felix Moscheles recalls in the Century. the days when he and Mr. Du Maurier were fellow Btudents in Germany. They seem, from his account, to have led exemplary lives. There is not a single Trilby escapade in the narrative. Both were Bmitten by the charms of a lady tobacconist, but they spent their time in protecting her against the advances of bad young men. Violet Vanbrugb, sister to the diaphanous Irene, who was Toole's leading: lady here, and daughter of tho R-jv. Prebendary Barnes, has been astonishing Londoners by her perfor mance of a red-headed murderess in a grue some little drama called Monsieur de Paris. The daughter of the executioner who guillo tined Marie' Antoinette is supposed to have fallen desperately in love w'ith a good young man, who will be. the means of taking her away from the ghastly associations of the scaffold. But when he discovers who she is, and that he is likely to be tho husband of the executioner's daughtor, ho gives her up. The girl cannot stand this, so she polishes him off with a carving knife, and makes her hand as red as her wig. Weekly . Press (N.Z.) ; states that the ' Trilby ' Company open in Dunedin in August. ** * Pollard's Opera Company is at Napier; Palmerston, Feilding, Marton, and through to New Plymouth to follow. * ° Alf. Lawton iB in the baokblocks of New Zealand. * 6 The Faust Family was last heard of on the West Coast of New Zealand. D 0 Harry Fitzmaurice, late of the Tivoli, is with a variety show in Wellington, N.Z. ° Robert Brough is pencilling dates for a New Zealand tour, commencing in April next. ° ° Professor Kennedy, the mesmerist, leaves to-morrow for Ameriaa by the Monowai. 0 ° ' Theatre Royal,' Coolgardie, at latest occupied by a boxing combination. ° & Rev. Haekett Smith at Bathurst last night! ° 0 Harry (Jonot has; been playing Wolland Strong in ' A Trip to' Chinatown' for seven years. ° 0 His pet di version is Bnapshot photography. 6 ' He had two hours roUnd Sydney tho other day, and got 'some beauties.' ° ° Georere Rignold in tends to revive 'Joseph of Canaan' during his Melbourne season. ® ° Carden Wilson, Bon of the well-known W. J. Wilson, made a successful first appearance as a mimic at- the Tivoli on Friday night. ° ° Rev. Haskett Smith makes his farowell appearances at the Criterion Theatre from July 11 to 17. * ° Tenuyson and O'Gorman, the Crossley Sistors and James Bain are at Melbourne Opera House. ° ° Robin aud Hood have left lor England 51 ** The Cosmau Couple will be homeward bound in a day or two. 0 ° The ' Trilby ' Oompany loft Brisbane after the 'show last night, and open in Geelong (Victoria) on Tuesday next. * * The Royal Comic Opera Company was in Christchurch, N.Z., last night. 3 ° Rumored, that the ' Trip to Chinatown ' Company has signed for an extended term with W. and Mi, and that , they will return here and produce Hoyt's 'A Milk White Flag.' ° * A Nelson (N.Z.) native plays in the orchestra attached to the casino at. Monte Carlo. 0 ° Walter Marnock, here with Williamson's Comio Opera Company, is playing a small part at tho Prince of Wales, London. ° & Abbey and Grau, the' great American theatrical speculators, havo suspended. ' # The estate is expected to realise ten shillings in the pound. ° ° They negotiated the Bernhardt tours, and. handled Houry Irving and all the big stars. * ' Minnie Palmer was in court, wearing a wonderful hat, when those Hornsey (England) murderers, Fowler and Milsom, wero sentenced to death. # 0 For London Tivoli Clemont Scott . has written a monologue entitled, 'Tho Boys, or Advance Australia.' ° * The team rushes up to town whenever possible to join iu the applause. ° ®. John F. Sheridan ? and Gracio Whiteford wero due back in London from Shanghai when the last mail left. *?; s Miss Annis Montague is living at Honolulu. ° ' Marie Luella ro-opens Melbourne Bijou with ' Fun on the Bristol.' # e Edward Sass is managing George Edwardes' Company at the Standard, Johannesburg. ~ c A most suc cessful benefit performance was given for Alderman William Larmour at Coogee Aqua rium last Monday night. ? ° Rose Dearing has gone to Johannesburg again; c ® An English paper refers to Clifton Alderson as 1 ' a young Australian actor new to English audiences.' 9 ° Yet Alderson once played Wilfred Denver for three years ruuning in a provincial company. ° ' Charles Erin Veruer and Tom Bergin aro both in Johannesburg. ° ° Mr. , Larmour, of Coogee, is oonfiuod .to his bod. ° ® Hope ho will ' soon be about again. ° ° Mesmerist Kennedy gave away a bicycle last.night. ? ? It was. won -by H. IV Quiok, Atchison-street, North Sydney, a non rider. ° The drawing was done in the presence of a committee selected by the audience. ' Songs , you'll like : — Juncker's 'I Was, Dreaming,' Packer's. 'Drifting Away,'.'. Wiegand a ' Orange Flower Serenade.' Unequalled aa an advertising medium — the Sunday Times; It is read by both sexes and all classes. The people have time' to read their paper on'Sunday, and that the contents of the Times are appreciated is nttesfe&d; by its great circulation. Ita nows is up-to-date ; . its special features original and interesting. 