The Storyteller. THE HAUXTEI) TRACK; on, TlilE LOST REEF. BY A. M. II. Mountains and guilies were a study in i k and whitc. It was black in tile gullies wlere the shadows lay, white where the moonbeams gleamed. The dismantled cottage behind us stood on a natural terrace high up the side of the range, along which ascended the Jaunted track-a track with many bends, dips, and rises in it. It was wide enough for two men to ride abreast. Opposite the gate it ended, where there was a dangerous drop of 50ft to the stones below. lCidway betwixt the broken gate and the cottage we sat upon a log and waited. Range after range rose before our eyes, and in the bright but deceptive moonlight the stillness was broken by the wailing and calling of the curlews. I shifted impatiently, drew out my watch, and glanced at my companions, who were both smoking. The night was still, .the smoke did not rise, and nature see?edl to be thinking. " It's half-past eight. now !" I said. " The .ghost is not on time to-night, anyway." " Listen !" The white- headeuld man I knew as Thomas lifted a hand. Foster sat unumoved. Faint and uncertain at first, dying sanway and com ing again as if followed by the devious turns in the track, there ascended to our ears the sound of a horse galloping. There was no mistaking the sound, though it was mulffil and without the ring that shod hoofs make on rocky ground. Fifty yards of the track lay clear before it came to a gully, and upon that space my eyes were glued. Each moment the hoofs beat more distinctly. They became deadened in the dip, where the ground was soft, seemed to turn the bend, and thundered out again in a frantic burst right up to the gate, ten yards from us. So riealistic was it that I' strained my eyes to catch sight of anything which might be m6w'ing. I expected to hear the creak of the broken gate. A. white figure-or was it a moonbeam ?-slidt through the gateway, and a cry swelled out upon the night air. Foster and I sprung to our feet. "Curlews ?" I said. Shlad meant to make a statement, but my voice asked a question. Thomas laughed aloud. "Who knows !" he said. " Dead women tell no tales." I resumed my seat upon the log. iy3 ex perience of Thomas, whom I privately re garded as badly cracked, should have led me to expect some such answer. None the less it was startling. Foster was still upon his feet, staring intently down the track. His scepticism of the legend of the galloping Jioofs seell?ed as rudely shaken as mine. WVithout doubt-going by sound alone-a horse had galloped to the gate. The sound had died there; neither at the gate nor on the moonlit track was there sight or sound of life. All was still save for the rapid flit tiugs of the bats. ", Oh, hang it all !" I k roke out ner-vously, " here comes another." Again from down the track came the rising a?iid falling of the tramp of a horse--a horse coming leisurely, at a slow canter, as a tiredl man would ride at the end of a day's work. Aitything more distinct fi'om the frenzy of t~he flying hoofs which hard prece~lcl it could not le imagined. It deadened in the dip as the other had done, and sounded on again louder and lou-er, right up to the gate. I leant forw'ard with dilating eyes. waiting the pr-cak of the gate. It did not come, Scither 4did the white figure nor the wailing cry. S"She meets only the black horse," mni smured Thomas; "she cares nothing for the others !" " Hown do you know it's a black horse 2" I dema?tulled sharply. "Youcn't see any more t-han we can. I've heard of thifs sortofthing before. I believe it's an echo myself." "So it is," agreed Thomas. "'An echo from the other world.?' Foster snortdt. I think hle had meant to speak, but changed his mind. Of the tnwo men I liked him the better. We were tlhree. prospjttors tinhrown together by chance in this wild antlid desolate region, united in our. quest of the Lost Rleef, a reef of fribulous richness with al evil reputation attached to it. Its existncue was first reveanled by a wounded black to n man *lho had befrieinded himn, and whostumblel upon itotieday after years of. patienlt search. He conflded.in no one. and (broke his Ilneck when retmuningfirom registering his find. The s dretof its 0locality jItl also been passed on by a dyingswagmqn to a miner, who, while looking for the reef, had lost his life under singublarly painful cir cumstances-a fact which gave rise to the legend that the track leading to the cottage was haunted by the beats of the horses of himself and his mien returning-always re turning from the day's search.' Mly information located it within a circle of twenty miles. Because three men were engaged in the same search it does not by any meanis implly that they dwelt together, or even exchanged ideas on the subject. The topic of the Lost Reef was strictly tabooed, and if at times I blundered into mentioning it, T'honns, .with a blank stare, said rlnlanl . Slint he regarded 'my simple observations as wiles to'dlraw informationi from him. From the appearamce of his bark hut and his know ledge of the bewildering ranges. I concluded lie had lived amongst them for years. Nor was Forster, who hail but lately come. more conmunaicative. I noticed that while Thomas kept to one point, Foster (lid his prospecting chiefly oil horseback in an off hand nmaunicr. Gold there certa?iul Was amonist tlhose ranges, but iii such ~1inl7y quantities as would not, with our primaitave appliances, pay to take out, anid such of the outside world as knew of our occupation clharitably includedus~lpgontn#e great army of men who are strong in -arni but weak in head. A chain of trifling, unconnected circum stances ]_ad brought both Foster anai myself to Thomas's but that evening, anid a few scorn ful remarks about the legend of the galloping hoofs hlau roused our unwilling, host into ex citemiet and lie begged us to come and listen for ourselves. The spirit of ho.pitality found no abiding lplace in Thomas, and -taking this as a mean pretext to get us out pf the but he had ana extreme aversion .to etrmaagers entering, I at first refused. But a certain disappointment oin the old maWi' face ch:anged my mind, and inducetl me to make Foster do likewise. with the above startling result. It was. and is. my belief thalt the soulats were anll' echo from somle distant road. I think this because the hoof-beats are muffled, anti do int ring as shod hoofs shlould. on rocky ground; and either Thomas or the thing we call chance interfered to make the illusion alumost perfect. Yet I know mena who would flinch at nothing earthly who would not for the fabulous wealth of thile Lost Reef itself face the echo of the phantom hoofs at night on the haunted track, with itits dangerous drop to the off side-taken as you face down the track. "It's an echo from this worldl." I re iterated. "from some distant road, and it just happened to coame right. I often heard of this sort of thing before. An echo carries an awful long way sometimaces, you know.' Foster. to whom I addressed myself, nodlded. It suited Thoas to ignore my ex planation. I" know it's a black horse." he remarked, "because I know the story well. The night is young. I'11 tell it to you if you like--elh, Foster !" " Fire away !" said Foster unconcernedly. lie was lounging back and looking out from under the shadow of his hat across the deep gully below. Thomas began "Fifteen years ago a young mani came to look amongst these hills for the Lost Reef, depending meanwhile upon a limited inconie for tfie necessaries of life ; and iLesitles three paid men and a friend, who was to share the profits of the reef when found, lie brought with im hisdelicate young wife. She wasa slender white slip of a girl, with ruffled hair like moonbeams on gold, and because she fretted at the thought of parting from him, and because the doctors said that mountain air would be probably Leneficial to her. he built the cottage, that she could live there in comfort, with her old nurse for company. dhuring his unavoidable absences. She never had been--and never would be--robust ; bulint with care there was lno reason why her life should not be long. "It was spring when they came. and as the dlays slipped away lie saw that if he were no nearer finding the reef, his wife was find ing health aand color. At present life to this young couple was a kind of perpetual picnic. Sometimes she rode out with him, but more often stayed busy about her home. and, wet or shine. met him at thle gate in the evening. When speecimlns were brought they would laugh and talk about the wonderful future, when the Lost Reef would be lost no loaner, , anid the world would lie at their feet. Her faith was boundlels. '" Nordli the fruitlesslpassiaag of thile summer move him to despair. The reef was there and he meanat to search systecmatical'y till hie foumd it. Upa to a certain poinit he had de finite direlCctions such as we have, with per mhaps a few particulars to make it clearer-CI illformahtion procuredt irom adying swagnanL. Thie curse mad thie glamour of the Lost Reef is that informnation eoncerninig it is always given by dying men to mec w?ho die before they can secure its vast wealtlh. One evening the young wife waitedl at the gate tilllong plnstthe usual time. They were iprospectiag at a distance then. anad hlan rihlten away in thle morning. As the day light fruled all retur'ned bult her llisbaad andl his frienda. From this shIe augured success. Standing in hera white dress in tile moon lighlt she smiled at the fancies flittiang tlnoughi her brain. They had atlast foutnd the rleef--nothling less woult detailn him for fear of alarming hler-and were so weighted with the gold they coult come but slowly. The vision of what all that gold should do stretchel out before her. Her gentle ways el:deaicred ier to all. and one of tile mea with rough citrefulnes"iis had brought her a shawl. She told him, laughling, of ler thoughts. S)he aitled at tie gate till half-past eight. anid tie amoonbt was lighiting the countryroniaid ins new.. Thcen she heanl the furious gallop of a horse. To the men. ehatting idly to getlci; there was a frenzy in dhe hoof-be~nats which caught their attention, but to the wife thle hurry of sound showed otly lher husband's anxiety to bring her the good news. Shle slipped through the gate and ran to meet him. The cry which followed was such as in its :nguish and despair held the men motionless for a moment;- then with one nmpulse they rushed to the gate. " The little white wife lay prone before the black horse, who stood shaking and snorting with fear, not of her! but of something which rhaggcd fromn his lear stirrup-something which had been their employer, but which the hoofs of the frantic horse and the rocky ground had deprived of all resemblance to a human being. Strong men and rough as they were they sickened at the sight. His foot was pushedl right throughi the stirrup, and his horse, mad with fear, hal brought him home for the last time. " For the last time his wife had waited for him. All remedies failed to revive her, and they found she, too. was de?:l-dead with the horror which had killed her stamped on her small, whit? face, with its ruffled halo of palest gold. " Late that night the friend came home: he had been bushed, and to the waiting men he came :Ls one from the dead. for death seemed in the air, and they imagined evil also to have befallen him. " In the pockets of the corpse, stained with blood. were lumps'of ahnost pure gold. But not even this eviderce of success could alter the resolution the three men had formed. Now and for ever they were done with the Lost Reef; find it who chose, alid they left the district almost inmmediately. "The fate of this prospector and his wife made a stir, but they were little known and soon forgotten. But none wouhl occupy the deserted cottage even for a night, because of the sound of horses hoofs coming at irregular intervals along the track which led up to it. :' The black horse was known as'a vicious animal, and to all concerned it appeared an accident pure and simple. One man only doubtedl. the father whose idol she head been. He knew his son-in-law to be careful always of the black horse. and he thought some thing suspicious. Privately he brought a black tracker and together they traced the trail back along that track, where they saw that only the weight on his near stirrup hacl kept the horse from shying over it tin his dread of his horrible burden. " The trail was easy enough to follow because of the stains till they came to a steep s.ur, where the black declared a horse had fallen, and where there were the tracks of not one but two horses. The Ifature of the ground and the age of the trail preventellhis following it further, but to the one fact he swore positively-two horses ltad trodden where one had fallen. The idea of foul play became a mania with that unhappy father, and he sought the advice of the ablest de tectives. whose opinion was that there was only circumstantial evidence of the vaguest description to go upon. "For a month he left the wiay clear for the man he suspectel to rgmove gold fromin the reef, supposing. it to have been found that day. For years the friend had climbed upwards to prosperity---climbed graduallu. - never dreaming that his every move was noted and weighed. For. years the father has lived amongst those ranges searching patiently for a clue. A maniac he would have been, indeed, you will say, had not Fate given him evidence enough. " Long afterwards. on that spur. he found wedgil in the cmrackif a rock aOleeve.Jink with -`the` inltals ' W.G.I F.' -etgraved- on it. And the name of the friend was Walter George Fortescue. What did you say ?" " 1 did not say anythiug," I replied. "It was Foster." " I said ' Go on,' " said Foster gruffly, which I'll swear he did not say. . The story, told as Thonmas was telling it.. seemed trying to our respective tempers. He was telling it not by words alone, but by pauses, and sinkings and swellings of the voice, till the different scenes lived and breathed before my eyes. I waas not so much occupied with the narrative as with the cold conviction that if Thomas were not madl, he was rapidly verging towards that state. 'He went on, and his voice halcd sunk to a hoarse grpwl. 1: Still he waits and watches, still lie keeps that sleeve-link as his chiefest treasure. Fifteen years are a long time to wait, with the vision of a fair young life cut short, and the never-cnding torment of the might-have been-a? long time for a small,- white, horror stricken face to call to him for vengeance-a long time for a mnrrderer to live mul prosper. Yet, sooner or lter, now' or .in the distant future. hlie ltow~s that tlhat sleeve-link willdo its work, and that the murderer will swing on the gallows. And of late- it rings clear as the strokes of tihe phantpm hoofs-hlie feels -and hopes-it will be soon--soon--soon !" Across the silence the curlews were calling Aofily. Foster hulinot-imovad o"r spolken i.-d I judged it wise to Imitate hiiui. IEithl?r Thomas was mdl on his .own account, or he. was the maniac father of the unfor tunate wife. In either case any show of incredulity might rouse him to amger. I sat still. So there we sat, looking out across the dleep, dclark gully to the moonlit range be yondl. The weirdness of the stort and its wOe, the mystery of the galloping hoofs and the tranquil night, sank deep into my being. I coul picture the white-govt ned gI', wi.th hair "like moonbeams on goldr waiting at the gate; andl thie comning of the frantic horse with its glhastly burden. I. could pie, ture it all so well that my one omci i-hclming de4ire was to lcave the vicinity of the haunted track and Thomas. I rose and walkel towards my horse, tiedl behindtulthe cottage, itl 'like my shdiltw, Tihe other two follaowdl. I wondered i·frmy hand felt as cold to Fosteras Ihis did to mne when rwe toucedl each other unhooking the brill;es Wjthloiit a wdrd -(ie dismotinted, aid ;ualkei our horses t-hrough 'the N oltway Mm to thb wvide space outside-- oster to 'the ,'ght. Th'llonlas between us-and as we did so, fromn far down the track rose for the third time the tramp of a horse, cantering slowly. lnvolun tarily we drew rein, ani sat staring towards the bend. Our horses heard also. and snorted nervously with liftedl heads and pricking ears. "That is the murderer's horse." clieal Thomas. " Listen ! don't you hear a peculi arity in the canter? Hark how it hesitates ! The manl on that horse's back is frightened !" Ji opcll my lips to joiiit out discirepancy in the time and coming of the horses, but closed them sagii. "Never contradict a lunatic" flashing through my mind. His hand was. on Foster M pommel, his blazing eyes fixed on his face. ' wondlcrol how Foster stood it; I felt if he tried that trick with me I would, mad or sane, knock him off his horse. The ghost hoofssounded nearer and nearer. anm our horses began to plunge. The tramp approached. seemed to touch us. and to die abruptly at the gate. The sudden silence put the climax to our horses' terror, and with a bound they were off, Thomas's and mine going straight ahead, Foster's rearing sheer over the precipitous dlrp. They lay apart when we reached them the man dying, the horse dead. As in a dreamu Foster's voice fell on my ears. " Euchered, old man ?" it said with a curious note of iatisfactioii. "BMy back is broken." Thomas, his grey face uphehi to the calhn moon, was cursing inarticulately. "My ne'rves are't what they were," went on the quiet voice, "and your infernal.way of telling it was too much for them." '' Was it murder. I wonder 2" Foster was addressing me as I knelt beside him. " Is it finunder when a man goes mad for a minute ? I found the reef that day, and it was as they said-gold stuck together with stone. see you. It is better never to look on gold in that quantity unless your head be steady and 'your heart strong. I wantel it all. tWhait was a paltry fourth to me. who hadl found it ? Thepj by chance he rode up anid saw mie staring, gold-strIuck. He cheered like a schoolboy till the echoes rang, and I stood by dumb with rage and avarice. We took the bearin?s of the nine and some spelcimens and started home. for it grtcw late. :I'here was a devil in the black horse that ?day, far, active and surefooted as a goat, he stumbled and fell, throwing his rider clear- he knew better than to ride hint with more' than his toes in the stirrup. But the fatll stunned him, andr the devil came out of the horse and into my head. On the one side lihe showed the humdrunm existence of comlllrni-. tive poverty; on the other, wealth colossal and limitless. "I led the black horse close up, and thrust the foot of the unconscious man clean through the stirrup. Itepentence followed in an instant-an inst. tit too late. The horse burst away like a thing plossessed, and mingled with the clatter of his hoofs over the stones came the dull thuds of the body of the man who had been tmy friend. I went' mlnd in good earnest then for I remembered who would meet himn, andl I chased him, shouting entreaties to him to stop. But it was too late, and he was as swift as the wind with terror. Lift my head a little, will you ?" I did so. Death looked out from his eyes. Thomas had sunk down beside the dead Ihorse. and was talking to it gently. I hate to remember it, but, through all, the gold fever burnt strong. .' Audthereef "'" I heard myself say. ' on,: tbo, . ! i.' `asid ' F+ost?rl, tlitdly ;' " don't let it get hold of you also. I" took £15,000 worth out of it.; then it pinchedl claun out. , I hlad done what I did for £1;,090. Who says murderers do not prosper! Everything I took up was suc cessful, but back of everything was that sleeve-link. I knew it would be my end. just as Thomas ditd, poor old chap ! Fancy his watching me all these years. I knew who he was as soon as he commenced, but I liad-to listen-Jove! didn't he tell it iwell-and lihy nerves gave oust. You cat't rely on them when they had a weight like hot lead on them, for fifteen years. The mare reared anti s6mething jei'ked the riglit rein, I'll s;wear Idihiot ! You'll find the plan of tihe reef in my hut-it's quite the thiing to -give it to you, tfromn dying men to men who. die,' you know. only I hope it won't be so with you, lad. I came back to see' If the reef made again. as it surely must. I wanted money for a big speculation, but you and Thomas hampered me. I tuink now-I've always thought that they--she and heri hus band-munderstood." His voice trailed into silence and Thomaas chatted gciltly on. Foster hadl spoken clearly aid well, as I've heard dying men often do : now he lay with closed eyes, his helad resting on my knee. I sat upon the stones betwixt the dying and the madl. Preselitly Foster utclosed his eyes land rspemred tolisten fqra~,noment. , ": The matelkil0l fletelf,ldiil't l sdhe 2" "Yes, ohl chap. Is there anlrthing- "Nothitg, thanks; I raidel no ties. How quickly the moon has set." The moon rode high andti bright, but for Fester she luulad set. for ever"--' The Austra lasian." 