: JWiOiCHQASt/O: TBr PfcRESMAS X.I Awl tlio town wbeeii'dfolltin (Of a parley loafin round)' , Dressed npiu nsoaptly -spectre, Wdt's in ourief underground. Frightonin the peepul whcileBalo, ? tiivib ns tperleeB a treat ; ' ' Causin of ue much annoyanco . 'Out.about the publio street. Dirty kiddies soreeclios at ue, 'Go & oatoh the hloodih goast,' In a most insnUin manner — Gets beyond a joko almctt. It I tells you fl.ro annoyiu ? ;Whep« kid in ragged close Dpeetho can-can oil the ashfelt With is fibgers to is nose. Each of u« :we doos our beat to Try & find the bkekgurd out, In plaue-olose wbeu we're off duty, ' Rambellin around about, We are dooin doublo dooty Searcliin erery-rbcre by uite Fortooutcli iui. fur wo nose a,', Such proceeding uro uot ritu. All tli at yarn about an aim-pin Till tbey eiveu.ue a reward Are a lie. We'd like to catch im Juet upon our own accord. We been tails iii every morn in Of some perjone seein him ; Every one of em describes it Ab a figure long and slim, Dreeeed in black with efainoy objects Sparklin round about ie form ; Just as if he had ascended From a place tboy Bay i« warm. Seriouo etorios we gets old on, People frightened into fits ; One I heirs ia on her deatti bed, Another too oe lost her wits. Once I thought as on the stories Were sum yarns at put around By cum silly-minded persons — Such you know arc nil ore found. Kow I nose there are a Madman, And a dangerous cue too Flyiu round. Tbu nay I nose it I will diagnose to you. I were welkin t'other evonin Bound me beet quite easily ; When I ears a uproar calliu, Someone thinks I wan tin me. So I steps up to a cottage, When from out the open doro ' Cums the noise of people walein— Someone cryin orful sore. There's a mother with her dorter (A gal of seventeen or so) ' Cum in,' ste she, ' Mister Pleesmon This oro are a pretty go !' Then she tells me ow er dorter Took some wash in ome that uite ; Goes out full of life & arty, Cams back in a retched plight. ' Wot is rongf' »ez I unto her, ?' Wot'e it eet* her calliu out P' ' She were frightened,' hoe er mother,. Witb thiB ghost Sf are about. Seems as ow tbe retched scoundrel Meets the gal a walkin by j Sneaks up to her, for a startler Plays is bloomin pranl s up high. Soon tbe gal she ceases cryiu, And begins to isll a tail Of a. objec which .surprised her, This it was without no fail. Sez the thing wore tall and thin like, 'Bout tome 7 foot or so j Slippin round a kinder noiseless, Clothed in black from ed to too. Fast he stands a lookin at er Standin quiet in tbe nite ; Points is hand to wer* she's shivcrin, Quakin at the orrid site. In a voice wots very gloomy Sez e ' Stop & meat ycr doom !' As e speaks e spreads hifself out Blacker nor the street-lamp gloom. Opens wide is oversmosher Lik,o a pair of eagle's wings, Shows biceclf flv.l covered over Foaforesccnt «luniu things. Awl about him shines and shimmers With a big Eulpburious patch, Sloiin in a blcwieb vapor Like a arf lit sulphur mateh. Then e makes tome orrid faces, Creepin with a uideoua look Closer to er till she eoreame & Turns about aud takes er hook. Lookin back the sees im cummin, Witch akeellerates her speed ; Htdces er shrselc & feel just orful — That it do, it do indeed. Someow e don't like er screamin, For lie shakes isself & clean j She gets omo unto h«r mother, Busts er biltr into tears. That's the way as ow I finds er, Gaspin in bystericks there ; Feelin near arf dtd & done for, Like a crceiur in dispair. Mother cuts up orful savage. Sec as ow it arc a shame ; Axes me for my opinion— 1 aint got for it a name. I can tell you'I get* puzzled As to wot the bizoess is; Wot's bo goiu out disguised for, Cartin round bis ugly phis? Wol this bisness of tbe (?ost is Seams mi&terious; to rua '? How a man i'au do it nitely, Fakeiu uio_-t penuiseusly. Round from ™e plaeo to another Any ware -? seems to ploase, Fritenin grils and other wimmen. Anyway it aint tbe cheese. I never hear1? a word about it Leastwise up & down me beet, Tbo they tells me he's been showin Elsewhere in another street. PrnpB he's not tbe sorter party For to come around mi way j I could make tliingf very lively If he'd let me have a say. Praps Bume uito I'll fall across im Roamin fomen-nrf after dark ; If I gets m« claws upon him He'll not treat it as a lark. Let ub ope some nita I'll trap him — If 1 does vou may oxpei Sometbin slightly now to Hobart From yours trooly, Pleksman X. The: decn'iise of the population in France in assuming aUrming propor tions. In 1695 thore were nearly 20,000 births loss than durinj; the preceding year. The Soleil calk upon the nation to remedy this ovil. ' In fifteen years Germany will have twice as many inhabi tants as France,' eiys tb.6 paper, ' and we will be beaten without going to war, for numbers are everything in these days. The yacht Mischief was sold by Messrs Abbott by auction at the Victoria Dock to Mr. Tolman £18. 