Maroota and Wiseman's Ferry. THE road to Dural climbs along the edge of the Hawkesbury ridges in the swiinging curves of a festooned oreeper. From its left-hand fence, nearly the whole way through, green paddooks fall like the inner hollow of a great wave to low-lying land about tne Windsor road; and, at intervals, where the natural parapet is, so to speak* battlemented, the venturons roadway leaps the embrasure and disappears into mysterious depths On the right hand the fall is more gradual, and one sees tiny white homesteads nestling on the edge of the bash, threaded along:that array of, bumps and hollows that men oall the Greek's Creek road. ' On easy-going days, when our main objec is tos be out of town somewhere, and we don't mind walking up sudden boulderous hills, and hanging on to the brake all the way down still stonier descents, Ted and I have a liking for the Greek's Creek-road It isn't all hills or boulders. It has its share of smooth- running bush traok. and pretty unexpeoted orohards and quiet water that gleams up through a tangle of vines and brushwood. But this day we bad sterner work on hand, and Dural was only the prologue to our ride; and the steady view- widening climb of the main road was good enough for an introduction to the task that was coming. The air, keen and bracing from its jour ney over the mountains, stirred us to sprint over the sharpest of the road-humps. The sun, ruddy from his morning tub, glanoed at us through the eastern treetops like a boy rubbing his eyes and only half awake in spite of the oold water. Pre sently the Kenthurst-road dropped gracefully into a tempting hollow, to creep away stealthily through the bush below towards a land still misty with the night.vapourings of the great river. We set our faoes steadily into the eye of (he sun, passed two or three more of those quaint bush letter-boxes, which oonsist of a biscuit-box hung on a stick (the letters are left on the ground below), plugged through a patch of new metal, and ran joyfully down to Dural- and breakfast. Above the village the roads divide, with a lovelv little rouod-apsed church in the. fork of the Y. Galston lies to the right, beyond four miles of rather common-place switohback; the left-hand road has a name to it in the maps, whioh call it the Great North-road-but the central word alone is altogether true in these-days. However, for four or five miles more we found the road PAR EXCEL ENCE, shooting ahead between orohards and orangeries no less flourishing than those of Lane Cove. And then-well, there was certainly lankier bush and more of it, but the track was as the traok to Narrabeen. Spring was in the air, and presum ably in the earth too, but there was little sign of its coming on the scrub we passed through. '' Out here," said Ted, when I made some such remark, " Spring means only that Nature is ohanging her underclothing'" After sampling seven or eight different specimens of^bad road, we found ourselves ft last on the springly level above Maroota proper. This last statement is made in good faith, and with a firm belief in its truth; but it must be owned we have none but heresay evidence for it. Of our own selves, we know not whether there be any Maroota at all there ; there is only a bad fenoe along one side of'the road, and the germ of a good view veiled by gum trees on the other. But it was here, many months ago, that we happened on a man with a horse and buggy, just ready to camp for afternoon tea; and when he jreturned with abilly full of water from excursions down the right-hand slope, be told us of a mysterious township-to-be, that Governrnmet surveyors had hidden lurk, ghostlike, in the scrub below. The maps, with a fine in definitenes's, put the name wherever in the vicinity a white space gapes to be filled; but our informant was precise and particular- moreover, he shared his tea with us, and toasted delirious bacon on a forked twig over the ashes. - We will believe him. We had more reminisoenses of that ride than one. As we bumped over it this morning, the road was stony and sandy and uninviting enough; but whenever one of us felt inclined to abuse it, the other reminded hiin of the weary night on whioh we first made its acquaintance. Ted was a novice then, and we had started from Dural too late in the afternoon; and a little beyond Maroota night caught us, bleak and dim, with the ghost of a young moon hiding itself perpetually behind ragged drifts of cloud. How we stumbled down the craggy grades, and pushed viciously across the sandy bottoms ! How we counted the miles (many times over, I fancy, and stared into the distanoe for a gleam of firelight And how our hearts leapt, and our maohines bounded over the boulders, when the gleam was sighted! O hospitable,settler, if I keep your nattte undiisclosed.it is not far want of grati tude, but for your own comfort, lest other travellers less in distress than we were, should impose their company upon you, and dislocate-as we did, I re gret to say-most of your household arrangements 1 This was ancient history, but we had not for gotten it; and this .time in broad and bright day light, we hailed the bjg.slab hut, in one of whose compartments we had watched a winter sunrise through the chinks, and broken the ice for our morning tub, and come out half glowing and half shivering to a real log-fire-none of your split billetts-to be regaled with all the luxury of a bush larder. And bush meals taste well. Beyond the selection the road begins gradually to improve, and within a few miles runs out along the northernmost-reaching spur of the range with a flash of water, now on this side, now-on that, to tell us where in two long reaches the Hawkes bury doubles on itself. The spur bears away to the left; the road drops by great rock-cuttings along its eastern side, and pauses suddenly at its extremity to see the fiats by Wiseman's Ferry, and the swirls-and eddies of the river-loop,-and the cliffs beyond that turn it southwards, and the reed-beds to their left through which the Mao donald,-saunters down from a valley of corn and pumpkins. It is a good view, especially, for the Maooota- weary traveller, and we stayed awhile to take our fill of it; then we followed the plunging of the road, even steeper as it nears the bottom, and ran into the village with eyes content and ap petites whetted for dinner It is a quaint little hamlet, this appendage to Wisemnn'e Ferry. It dares not encroach upon the expanse of flat meadow within the loop, lest any day a flood should take it voyaging to Brooklyn or Barranjoey. It oannot, for obvious reasons, plant itself with any sort of regularity on a hillside that is mostly cliff. So it hangs on where it can, an inn here and a church there, trying to look comfortable, as an acrobat tries with one leg round his neok on a trapese; and, viewed from the river, one may almost say that it succeeds. But from above the acrobatism is more conspicuous, and one is grateful for the steep little lane that winds down to a slip rail and a small jetty, and gives the village one foot at least on the safe foundation of the river bank. By that lane our road lay, for the steamer not yet due, and we could intercept it higher up the river if we chose to ride some part of the way towards Windsor. We did choose. But .we did not ride. At least, not much For this up tho-river track was quainter even thau the hamlet it left. It never seemed quite to know where it was. some times it was a stone causeway, built along the face of a cliff, among whose stones the,water,lapped and sluiced a foot below our wheels, Sometimes it was a footpath over tiny green meadows, where some creek bad burst from the spur that was our morn ing's ride and made a miniature delta at the gully mouth. Anon it would disappear from sight alto gether in a pack of tall stemmed, broad-leaved weeds, not too euphoniously named ; we could feel that it was there, firm and smooth under our tires, but our front forks cut persistently through the yellow-green foliage that concealed it. Also it was obstructed by slipraails, and turned aside at odd moments by ferocious barbed wire fenoes; at one moment it lojt the river completely, at the next turn it nearly lost itself in the river. It was a con tinual source of joy to us, as unexpectedly delightful as a quick-witted child ; we rode where we could, and walked leisurely where we must, and stray dogs wandered about us with pensive caution, and stray children looked over the fence and said " My gracious!" And we didn't know where we were going or how long we should take on the way, and we didn't care. And when we got to the last calling place where it would be safe to wait for the steamer, we lay on our backs and waited, without anv particular anxiety, because she was late ; and life was lazy and pleasant, and Maroota was a dream of the past, and town a nightmare of some long ago century. We must have gone to sleep, Into our reverie "broke the steamer's whistle; and there she was, throbbing up to the steep bank to and shooting out to us an all too pliant plank that bowed under our weight till it nearly slipped off the grass. However, we got ourselves and the machines aboard without mishap, and stowed ourselves away on a medley of cargo, and watched with indolent content the quiet flow of river-life. The stream bore to and fro across its valley, swirling under a steep hillside here, there eddy ing among the shallows that fringed green meadowland. Sometimes a boat labored into midstream to intercept us, bringing a parcel or receiving the week's meat supply, and so dropping away into our wake. Sometimes, with much fussiness and hooting of the whistle, the steamer thrust itself against the groaning piles of a little jetty. At one place she repeated the performance for our benefit- wedged herself against a steep bank, and flung out upon it the bending length of plank ; and along the plank for more than half an-hour all the furniture of a new-made home came to land-the chairs, and the tables, and the bedsteads, and little knicknacks for the sitting room, a huge glass overmantel, and a plethora of kitchen apparatus (let us hope the bride's cake was as good as her mother-in-law's), and sacking covered bales which we imagined to be blankets, and garden tools, and a big box of vegetable seeds, and two large pictures tied face to face; till when we loosed the mooring ropes and puffed off again up stream every available ledge of that hillside bore its incongruous load, and the black retriever that "guarded the whole consignment went his rounds unceasingly, yapping into the dusk for his forgetful master. Night set in, with the clear paleness of a cres cent moon for company. The uncouth hills fell back en either hand ; dim grass-land, just veiled with new- born mist, faced darker orchards across the widening stream. In a hollow of the eastern bank some boys, watting our arrival, had piled a driftwood fire that roared against the cold con temptuous moonlight. And when we had gone ashore, and our late carrier had panted round a curve out of hearing* we heard the flight of a soft winged bird and the rustle of a mountain breeze along the Colo; for on everything but these the white silence lay unbroken, . 