[?] A WELSH PRINCESS. ; V CHAPTER XXIV. * OONOLUSION. Price Hughes heard that Gwen been rescued, and by whom — the firiver of the carnage had recognised Sir 'Keith tad 'the doctor — he knew that he wag defeated, and that nothing fttnained bat flight. So he took the first 'train to Liverpool, and on arriving there, at once secured a passage in a Tessel hound for Australia, which Bailed the next day. . He had taken the precaution before be left home to withdraw from tho bank both his own money and aU that Bowland Ap Rtaees hwHeft, and with v Bank of England notes to tho value £12,000 Becurely hidden about bis per son, he bad felt safe, even if circum stances went against bim. He wouldhave liked to embark at once bat that was impossible until the cargo *M on board ; so he put up at a seoond-rate hotel. But, quick as he had been, the officers of the law were on his track, and as he was quietly en Joying bis breakfast the following morning, and thinking contemptuously of David's consternation when he found that all had been discovered, there came a tap at tbe door, and a detective entered, followed by a polioe , man in plain clothes. On seeing them Price Hughes turned pale as death ; then demanded haughtily what their intrusion meant. 'Yoa are my prisoner, Mr. Hughes,' said the deotive. ?'That is not my namo. I am BaUh Hindmarsh,' he Mid, coldly. ' Very well, tben yoa can easily /*,. prove it ; bat you mast come with me now. Now, then, is it to bo done quietly, or bv force ?' ' l a no fool ; bat I should like to ,-j2' finish my breakfast.' si; ' All right;' and the officers waited ? while Prioe Hughes finished his meal. Then, in spite of his protestations ??? against tbe indignity, he was band , enffed and oonveyed to Donningford, where he was securely locked up. : - ' At the same time that Price Hughes ' ? { was bang made prisoner, two other ofBoers of justice arrived at the Manor, when David had again taken up bis | abode, leaving bis uncle's clients to do .v « uuuiu. £-ver since irnco Hughes bai gone into Yorkshire he had been drimdng heavily, and on tbe night succeeding the attempt to „ capture Gwen he had sat drinking all ^througb the long hours, and when r? daylight appeared be was still at it. ; His housekeeper had begged of him. to take a cap of tea, but he had driven 'v her from the room with oaths and curses.. When tbe polioemen arrived v they fonnd him in this state, but as «0onkshis eyes rested on them be seemed terrified, asking 'in a frenzied manner what they wanted. In reply, one o£ them read over the * warrant for his apprehension, which he was too drunk to understand ; but be grasped tbe name Gwen, and it drove bim nearly frantic. 'I didn't kill her 1 I tell you she ran away and got smashed in the accident 1' he said, evidently thinking that he was accused of her murder. ' Now, oome with ns quietly,' said . one of the officers, persuasively. ' No, yoa won't hang me. She's always haunting me, and saying I shall be punished, and the old chap looks dreadful at me. Ah, there they . are ! She's looking ever so sad, and the old man's chuckling. He thinks » you're going to hang me, but you never shall. Curse him 1 I'll murder him, gbost as he is and, with a horrible oath, David staggered towards a corner of the room, striking out fiercely. ' No ; he's gone. He's behind mc. Curse him 1' Tben a chase after the imaginary ghost began, the drunken man stagger ing and striking out, while he used the most horrible oaths and impre cations. In vain the officers tried to quieten him, and at last he accused them of helping the ghost to dodge him, and turned savagely on tbem. Then a fight ensued, and as the officers at last succeeded in slipping the handcuffs ou him, he foamed at tbe mouth and shouted like a maniac. Despite his struggles, he was forced into a conveyance, which was driven rapidly to Corwen, where they took tbe first train. But before they reached their journey's end it was evident that their prisoner was really mad ; so, instoad of proceeding to Donningford, tbey took him to Leeds gaol, and in % few days he was moved to the county asylum. Thus the very fate he tried to force on Gwen became bis, and for tbe rest of bis life he re mained a violent madman. In two or three days after his arrest Price Hughes was brought up, charged with inserting a clause in Rowland Ap Ghees' will contrary to bis in structions; also with attempting to confine Gwon in an asylum, and, finally, with attempted abduction. The case was sent to tho assizes, which wore then commencing, anil within a week sentence was passed, and Price Hughes disappeared from his fellows to enter a convict prison, ! where he had to serve a term of seven j years. ] Gwon wishod to inuivwle on his behalf, even though she knew lie deserved his punishment; Lint her lover would not hear of it. As for Dr. Hold6worth, lie came out blame- | less, so far as any conspiracy was con cerned ; but the judge plainly in dicated tbat ho thought tbo doctor had not the neoessary ability for his post. This, and the feeling that he had, though innooently, been accessory to bo great a wrong, made bim at once dispose of bis establishment to another doctor, who stood high as a specialist in disoases of tbe mind. Dr. Holds worth then retired, with ample means to lead the Jife of a country gentle man. As for the poor girl who rostod with Rowland Ap Rhees, Gwen decided that she must remain. Dying, she bad unconsciously helped her, and Qyrcr. felt 'Lu i; *souW be to grudge her a resting-place beside her father. - ' | Just one week before Christmas: there was a double marriage at j Donningford Church. Still, it was j only a quiet affair ; but Gwen and Heather — whose scratches had now j disappeared — made very bonny brides, j The former, indeed, was lovely, while Marian Holdsworth, as Gwen's brides maid, was very fair to look upon ; and so tbe young squire, a friend of Sir Keith, who acted as best man, seemed to think. The two bridegrooms lookod per fectly bappy — so happy that Miss » Ulonghby chuckled, and said tbat, after all, marriage was not such a bad thing when you got the right party — a verdict which tbe newly-married folks endorsed. It had keen settled tbat the bard working doctor and his bride should have a week's sojourn in the South. Sir Keith and Gwen were to spend their honeymoon at the old Welsh Manor, and afterwards take up their abode at Knaresborough Park, but each year some months were to be spent at Gwen's old home. ? It was the day after their arrival at the Manor, and they were walking across the fields which led to the stile where they had first met. ' So, after all, the prophecy has come true. I have bad trouble such as falls to tbe lot of few women, and I have married an Englishman,' B&id; Gwen, half sadly and half smiling. 'Yes, it has come trne, my princess ; but I think it would all have happened just the same if that anoestress of yours had not uttered ber dismal fore bodings. . . . But here we are at the stile, and I want you to sing the words you sang wben I first heard your sweet voice,' said Keith. Smiling and blushing, Gwen lifted up her voice and sang : ' Stay, stay at home my heart and real, Home-keeping hearts are happiest ; Fortbose that wander they know not where Are tall ot trouble and lull ol ears. To stay at home is best.' As the last words died away, Keith put his arm round ber and drew her to bim. ' Your heart is at home for ever, safe in my keeping,' be said, as he kissed her ; and Gwen whispered : 'Yes.' [The End.] 