THE TURF. To-day is the day appointed by the com- <*> mittee of S.A. Tattersall's as settling day over the late Caulfield meeting. At a meeting of the committee of the S A J C , held oa W L dneada\, the foilo\/mg oliiOJrs \,ere appointed for the current — , Chaitman.Hon birKit-hird?akei, K.V iVLG., ' i" L. C, staward-v Hou toir H'Chord BiUei, ' X.C M (jr.. i?LO, lion J. L Stulmg, JSILO, Hun W B Kounsnell, It JBarr bmith, Johu r'jlc, William Kobeition, Trcdt dcL A>tis, ]uuge, John Barker, s-arter, Godtiei WatEoa, h mdicapper, H. Hughes, clei't of tne seal"?, 11 11 .firr, clerk oi tlia couisc, 3. Held, auctioneers, Bar Lei and Cornelius, hou timekeeper, 1\ I. W iglei, lion. sjrgi.on, j3r Jcy, serretiry, A O Wliitm^ton Subcommittees—r"ti. A.- JKacing ' Calendar, ' tLe chairman , <_ourae and tiacl^s, the cliau man, \S. File, J jia'-'ver, licenbing, Kou W. B J .tojnse\ell, I"1 Ayei-b, and i. I<. Wigley. Mr. Whitmgton informs us th-xt a<\- the S A J C. committee meeting oa Wedoesdaj 27 new members ( were elected ; also, th 15 51 jeekejs' lic?nses \\\ere renewed, and the licensing sub oommittee will meet on 1( riday, 14th inbt, at opm , to conbider any further ?ippkcitions from jockeys v, ho may be riding at tue A X C Gr i-io. TSationil meeting The Port Adelaide Gating Club ipplicd for Ivo\ ember 2k, 1S91), as an ej-t-a hxeuro, but tl c -ipphcition was not granted, tDe fc> Ji-J C. committee Having by lcsolution, dated August 20,lb'Jl(publishedin "£> liningCileiidir"), deciaea Lot to permit au\ incre i c of racing iittaiesMithma, radius ot 2o mil&s; from the G.P.O, Ad?Uude | A. lieed, a jockey who was suspended on J7, lb'JO, during the plpasuie of the committee, for uulpLactiv-e, applied for re mo\,al of suck indention, 'lue appUcation was not entertained The folio vjug 'i t of racing fixtures for 11S% 7 allotted ?o date —lfe'JO—August 15, 22, A X C. Grand lsation<il meeting, faepteuiber 1, 3, S A..J.C. Bpiin^ meeting, U, Ocanadatta Jockey Club; LJ, ILipandj, ltacinj Ciubj li,, Port Adelaide HacugClub; '23, Millicent Kacmg Club; 2h, AUela^de Hunt Club; October 3, b A TatteroallJs Glub; 7, iiount Gambler Hunt Club; Kovember a, Gawler Jockey Club, December 26, Port Adelaide lvacmg Club; 23, A.ll C. Anm\ersaiy meet ing. lSb7—Januaiy 1, b A J.O bummer meeting-, Marco 17, Port Adelaide -Racing Club, April 19, Onlvarutmga itaeing Club; Ji, te A. Tattcrsall's Club, Siay 1, 5," b, b A.J C Autumn nicetingj June 5, Gawler Jockey Club, 21, &A; J (J Winter meeting; 28, Port Adelaide Racing Club; Jul\ 17, fa A. Tatterball's Club On Wednesday the following local, v a?;ers were laid over the forthcoming A.E C. jump ing races.—;looto2i Hadiant and Banjo, 100 to 3 Jrck bprat and AU JTours, 100 to 'i Con ventioner and The Ghost V, jylr H. Hopwood arrived on Wednesday night from Mount Gambler with First -Bolt and Young Lucifer, both having engagements at neit bacurday't. A.E, C jneecing 1 he> -v. ill be located at All. Gordon's stible in Hume street A correspondent informs us that a walking match £or oue.mile on the Hyde PaTk-ioad is xo take place on the^ind msc. bec^veen a- local ped and another hailing from Sydney. The Count (ofjhefirmof H. O^cenbamandThe Count) will irnvc in Adelaide to-jay, Tliurs day, and ?dJ remain <i few days,. He informs us that during his stay he would lie very plea ed to meet bis numerous South Australian clients either at the York Hotel, 'fattersails' CluD,"or by special appointment. The local jumpers Simulator and' Banjo have returned from Melbourne to bydcey Park, on the South 1-o.ia. Although the stakes at "the recent Caulfi?ld Grand National meeting totalled £050 more than lost year tbe club comes out with a profit or £700 on the fixture. Mr. W. Allan'siJost- mortern e-^aromation of J O I. lias aiaclosed'the fact tlkt the awkward fall which ne got in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase was responsible for tbe gelding biuatmg the large artery over the kidnejs, mterrnl liemorrhage being the cause of death. rMr. Gordon JLyon's horso seemed to have last his form after- running in the V.E.C. Grand National, aud it was thought possible _tbat he might have injured himself internal]} wlien he fell on that occasion .Mr. .jQlan, howe\er, dispels the idea (remarks tbe Argus), as be Btates that except- for the ruptured artery tnere was nothing wrong with the horse, J. 0.1, appears to nave made a ?very poor attempt at negotiat ing tbo fenca which" biougbt Uim to grief. There are indications that he struck the top rail with one fore-foot and the secoucl rail with the other. He turned ngnt over when he came down and J~. E Brewer had a >cry lucky escape. The crack rider was dazed from the fall and flad bis face cut, besides sustaining several "bruifaes. The weather was warm and spnngbke at Eandwick on Saturday morning and the course proper was open The Ciptam opened 1-rGceedings by beating Akanm over ten fur longs in 2mm 21 sec. Marchioness bad more to say than The Scotchman at the end of a. five furlongs spin in 1 mm. S sec. CcomDwood defeated Absolution and Re viere over six furlongs in 1 mm 23 sec. Attachment covered a mile and a quarter m 2 mm 20 sec, and Malachite got over a mile m 1 m.n 51^ Eec ' Elton a.nd Seabreeze ran over -sii. furlongs m 1 mm. 23i sac The first named finished in front KaJlatino. and Bedavni beat Annadour and BK. over a mile in 1 mm 51 sec , and Phiramond finished ahead of Go/oczar over a similar distance in 1 mm. 52 sec. Response ran 10 furlongs m 2 mm 20^ sec Alone bayles beat Watercolor at tbe ond'of six furlongs in lmm 22i sec, and Astronomer got over a m?e in-lmm. 50 sec. Admonition and Mar gravme ?e'e <-oi?led over five furlongs, the nrst named getting home in front in 1 mm. S sec Old Clo had more to say than Ito at the end of a six-furlong dash in 1 mm 23h Bee , and loch Leign beat Troilous over a smartly-run mile in 1 mm. 47i sec. Koval Rose and First I Shot were coupled for a circnit of the course I proper, which they negotiated in 2 mm. 38 I bee; Armenia cast 10 furlongs behind 2 mm 27 Eec ; and The Skipper easily disposed of Cravat over six furlongs in 1 mm. 20$ sec Cremorne put past a mile m 1 mm. 50 bee ; while 3?orfc and Leomdas took, 2 see. longer to accomplish the same task. Dela ware and Charge were together at the end of a mile gallop, executed in 1 mm. 51 sec. Vivian got oter 10 furlongs in 2 mm. 27^ Eec Sadur beat The Sketch at the end of a mile gallop ml mm. 55 sec, and then AlKcore put up the mornings record (says the Sydney Homing Mould.) by getting over a mile m 1 mm. 46J sec York beat Contempt over j, mile in Imm 51 sec , and Antatus finished in advance of The Rejected over the same dis tance. the trip occupying 1 mm. 51 sec Right Honorable put -past a mile in 1 nun. 49 see , and Erehwon beat EUengarab over 10 fur longs in 2mm 21 sec. Palmetto jumped the schooling hurdles aftei refusing cbe big jumps Songster badly injured himself when he fell m the Steeplechase on Saturday. Mr. Allan, who has him in hand is doubtful of his re covery. Under any circumstances the horso will not be able to leave his box for some con siderable tune. Amadeus is not likely to be seen with the t colors up in Melbourne many moro times. The i Tasmaman has changed hands and will pro | bably be sent to Singapore I During the settling over the. Caulfield I meeting on Monday (says the Aiyus) i there was soni^ wagering on future' events Several combinations at 1,000 to 11 w ere. backed for the tvv p cups, commencing \ with Devoid Excel, bb and So, Caioopa, The Chevaher, Tire, and hmshmg -with Devon, Hopscotch, O'Tngger, Marusa, Nada, Torea dor, and Miraclum. A number of. doubles wore also booKed on the Derby and 51elbourn? Cup, HewVuven, Resolute, Coil, and Man of Honor being picked for the former event, coupled with Nada, Miraclum, Marusa, O'Tngs?er, Toreador, Resolute, or Cydnus for i the Melbourne Cup. ' "? 