An Ashasteb E'iJLVxcE.— The sequel to a thrilbng rtovy of love, jealousy, passion, and batrai is bein^' worked out in the neighbourhood of Cocvnnssie at tho present time, homo year? a;o a. wave girl or surp—v-in^ ber.uiy -???' !::' A:'haiit '?- type, of fours'', liad th° misiY. .-f:r.j in .Utr:i:t the n'-!;le fancy of a cbiof. To ri':]i'\in!.'li a husbfuid in Coomaeaie is danpsroi:.-. liis b'ad wife fore I»re to risk her head. !mt. t.eut lor tiii; exemi lionor, and cauw.fi ih-- oa;;- and lips of the »o fascmatinjf maidon to V.c reiunv/.d. rendorin? her stirb an objin/j as - :oi only bo ^.efu in savage- kingdoms History does not say if tho expedient answered iho. ]):irncise of restoring the chiefs wandering affections to their riglit fnl owner, but tho stave jr.r! developed not un naturally into a woman with mi undying thirt-t for revencre. Lately she sought an audienco with the Governor and informed him that the real treasure of the A.-'uantecs lins buried some fifty fct-t below the soiL in a disused shaft of a raino near Coomassio, and readily undertook to point out tbe spot. Digging is being vigo rously carried on, already more than a fourth of the depth has btx;n cleared, aad should tha treasure amount to anything like the rumoured value, the cost of the expedition will bo fully defrayed, making tiio Ashanreo war a record one, ao not only bloodless but free of coat. The riches of African kinga, however, says tho vrriter of the above. Iwlnng to bygone days, and Prempeh's wealth is probably much esag. gerated. A Fine Oscain. — Vauda Sanderiana b one of tite mosa wonderful and distinct orchids that have been introduced for many years, and raie which produces the largest tiowtrs (-f any plant of ths Vanda trilv?. The prowtii re sombitxs that of V. riu-nlca, but tho stem is ntouter in all parts and more den^r-ly leaved. The leaves ^ro hroadlylicfulaK*, rigid, leathery, recurved, from !) to 1« in. loner, and dcoply channelled. The naciimoa are axillary, bear in? as imv.iy as twcJvn tir.v.fvs. The fiowers themselves are spread out iiat, and are about, 14 in. in diameter. The dor^tl F°p2.1 is rouiwith obovate aari rho sniallfj: sepaLs .-ire obovato, cmueare, all t!n-:-o Inaug blush pink slightly stained with hulf yellow. Thu iati'ral i-epals are much larger ;;nd hroador, being about 1' in. across, divcrtraut, oMiqufly and broadly ovate pale nankeen outside, jriwr.isli yullow dis tinctly roticulattd, with dvill crimson over tho entrlro surface. Tbe lip ia small, concave, pale purpb':sh red at tho base, tho strongly re curved tip chocolate purple, with three; pro minent ker.ls extending from the liase to the apex. It is certainly a voi-y rare plant, and it lioa just flowered for tho first time in South Australia. It i:i to be seen at Mr. Sov/elFs e3tal-lislimcat, Beehivo Corner, Rundie-streei.. Bi.tou Theatre. —At the Bijou Tl:ea.tro on Sunday evening thensuai 'Rational Concert' was held. The vocai items and the reading by i.lr. J. Fy\ia of Dickeris's Oliriscmas carol 'Afarloy's Ghost-,' illu?t.ratyd by lirudight vit»ws, gave satisfaction, to the larg« audience. -Me. James Shaw. — ilr. Ja- mns Shaw, an es-Mayor of Adelaide and of Coolgardio, has consoated t ? preside over tho ladies' meeting which Mr. Tucker addresses this afternoon at Xorth Adelaide. He will be accompanied by Alrs. Shaw. x 