THE NAMINC OF THOROUGHBREDS. By Javelin. There was certainly more huntor in tho Irish man who called his pig Maud, " beksso aha wud 1 corns into the garden,' " than is displayed by a majority of peopio v.'ho namo racehorses. Even in the old country, where owners, and especially leading breeders, at least make It a general rule to select samo appropriate namo suggested by the animal's breeding, euphony ia occasionally ruthlessly sacrificed to ececntrioity, as in suclt a case for instance as calling a horao "Pull up your Socks"; and students of tho English Racing Calendar or Btud Boole nro awnro that tlio fainoua Doncariter originally figured no All Heart and No Pool which rinmo was happily ohnngod he lore ho won tho Derby or begot Bond Or. In thin oolony tho Messrs. Miller ae a rulo exercise good tontu nnd \- common sonso in adopting abort and plonnantly aonndlng native or other nnmca of pianos, but nuroly In equity tho boolrninkorii, and osptolnlly tbosowhooe cnligraphlo nttalumenle nro " a bit off," have a uubataiitlnl grievance against tho gentleman who stood sponsor for " M'tiaUmn- Mohr-nn-Dcirndh "I Fortunatoly tho poly- syllable Caledonian — tho orjuino ono horo roforrod to I mean — la a-golding, nnd thoroforc nono of thoao iionsonaionl nomenolaturistii whose orlglnolity/ti tire ohotco of nhtoes'ifi-.i-is'ilolod to rovornlrig the lottora In tho nan o ah the slro will baraln.'chniioo of experimenting with tho 21 characters whioh triako iip hid jaw /bio iking cognomen.- It was acasual glanco at tho indox of Mr. J. & Miller's Staring Chronicle whioh suggested this parsing . allusion to tho Inch of originality nnd euphony dbqilayorl In naming aoohorscs in Auntrnlla, tho pagan of that excellently compiled and uroful llttlo work dlseloHing continual repetitions of .tho most coinmonplnco appellations. The numhar of Cornets that hnvo been flying about during tho present soason is positively appal ling, ConQdunov, if not yet thoroughly restored in finnnolnl nnd eommoroinl elro'os, is well established on tho tnrf in tho. various colonies. Gyolones on four legs nro as numerous In Aus tralia as they nro lu the air in Amarloa, where though they might bent us In tl o numbor of biped niggers (lbs native nrtlolo horo haying boen well nlgli exterminated In the saorod oausaof olvilisation), they would ats uodly he bad second in tho number of quadrupedal Darkles I It Is possibly n sign of tho ttmoa that only two Diamonds are. dlscoverablo, but it Is onaouraging to obsorvo that thoro ate alill threo Bankers nud-ono Capitalist who have not "tnkon tlio knock 1" Thoro are troops of Fulrlos, but tlio nearest approaoh to a Demon or a Sprito are ono Ghost and a solitary Ban- otieo. Thoro aro threo Goldmines, but not ono of tbem Is claimed by AVcst Aus- \- trails, .whioh oan boast .nothing noaror to tho genuine article than a' QoMriish, whioh, it'la to bo hopod, is not a oolnoldouoo of any practical signlfioanoe. Sovcrnl of tho oolonles " are roprcsontod by Hard Times, but only ono (Queensland) by Hard Cash ;nnd ho was surely a humorist, and no novico, who thought of Hard Oaso as an appropriate name for a trottsr. Lindsay Gordon has . most Inappropriately nothing bottor than a sprlnlor On tlio flat to ksop groan tba momory of tlio author of How wo Beat the Favorlto and Britomarto. Mnglos, Myrtlos, Shamrocks, Rookels, Moan Roses, AVhltofoots, Starlights, Snips, Roisbiuls, Rain bows, Mazoppai, Moonlights and Hermits arc av plentiful as plums in a pudding ; but what think you is oven moro popular than any of theio? No longer shall traduoorsof Australia bs permitted to doolnro that thoro Is nolthor wit nor'pootry in tho Australian ohnraotor when it is mads known that tho rooords of -racing in theso colonies for tho mason whioh 'a rapidly drawing to a oloie show that tho name most frequently adopted by Australian tnrf \- nomonclaturists— thoro aro 10 horses running undor it this season, not counting trotters— is JAOK I 