JOHN WESLEY. Notes of a lecture delivered before the Lincoln Guild by the Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A. ? It is commonly supposed, and there is a measure of truth in the supposition, thatreligious movements often take their origin from the lower classes of society rather than the higher. It is, however, a' singular and suggestive fact that the two supreme religious movements in English life, and in ^facfc in modern Christendom, were headed by two Ox ford men — two Oxford tutors. I refer, of course, to the tractarian movement, whose leader was John Henry Newman, and to the methodist movement, whose leader was John Wesley. The ecclesi astical historians of far distant centuries will always look back to these two men as two pole stars, whose light will serve \- as a clear guide to the most remarkable revolutions that have taken place since the Reformation. In some respects they appear absolutely contradictory, but a deeper examination in the light of future history may show that there is more in common than is discoverable at first sight. We may regard them as two great tributaries supplying a large amount of the great river of religious and ferti lising life. Contradictory as they may seem,, they are also complementary, and the life of existing Churches very easily shows traces of both the one and the other. Their mutual relations, their similarities and their dis-similarities, their successes and their failures, their limitations and their triumphs offer a singularly suggestive field for the thoughtful inquirer and one that has been hardly studied as yet. Those who are interested in the origins of thingd will find that much of what is best in our Church life of to-day — I do not say all — is distinctly traceable to these two sources. It is a singular testimony to the impressive value of Universities and University work that the fact should be as it is. They are the places where amidst thoughtful men the great mould ing forces of our life ought to take their origin. Where else should we look for those mighty influences to find their birth than in those seats of learning and religion, where high and holy traditions are cherished, where men spend a life time in devotion to the sacred pursuit of Truth herself, and where thousands of young men are brought together just at an age when parental control natur ally, though gradually, gives place to the liberty of the individual, and when freedom from the first cares of a family allows men to perceive and cherish those hopes and enthusiasms and ideals that are to high souls a pillar of cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night, and to map out their course in accordance with their glorious vision. ... Let us proceed to consider the ele ments that contributed to Wesley's amazing succcss, and in doing so we will deal with those, first, that would weigh with any ordinary mind facing the facts. The first thing, then, to be noticed, is Wesley's amazing energy, extending over an unusually long life. We aria not altogether unaccustomed to hard workers. The generation that has known Mr. Gladstone knows something of that ; but, in my. mind, Mr- Glad stone's activity is altogether inferior to Wesley's. He was incessantly engaged in reading and writing books. He rode with a loose rein — a~dangerous thing — and read on horseback. When, in later life, he owned a carriage, he read inside that. Thus all the time of his travel ling was a time of reading, and thus he gathered the matter that composed his books. He rode so much that he could dispense . with other exercise, and his own experience would account for the extraordinary idea that the boys at Kingswood had no need to play. He never travelled less than 4500 miles in the year — often much more. He rose at four in the morning, and almost in variably preached at five. What is more singular, he always got a congre gation ! He preached two or three times a day, Sunday included. And- this con tinued when he was long past eighty. Being forced to stay at home writing, he calmly tells us that his working hours were from five in the morning till eight at night ; more than that was trying to his eyes. Will any one wonder that an English Q.C. could describe his journals as the most amazing record of human exertion ever penned by man ? The second element is his learning. Knowledge is power for the preacher as much as for auy man. The position he took at Oxford is some guarantee for high attaintment. The position of a Fellow of a college is one of high dis tinction — at least it is now that it has to be won by severe examination. We cannot be so 'sure as to how it was won in Wesley's day, but we can be sure that only picked men were elected. And Wesley was a Fellow of Lincoln. He was well known at Oxford as a fine scholar. He received a thorough classical training at school, and followed it up in later life by diligent reading. He was acquainted with several languages. He and his friends commonly talked in Latin, in accordance with the custom of scholars of that day. He continued to add to his stores of knowledge up to the last, and his journals are studded with brief summaries of the books he read, as well as short and sententious critiques. He thus possessed a well-stored mind, and always insisted in speaking to his preachers upon the necessity for syste matic study to give them sufficient matter for their sermons. Nor did he learn from books alone. He was an interested investigator of any strange phenomena brought under his notice. He was brought into contact with all sorts and conditions of men, and, being delightful in conversation, he drew from men whatever they had to communi cate. Dr. Johnson keenly enjoyed his seciety, and grumbled because after two hours Wesley would insist on going away. Thus he never failed to impress those whom he met, and to his followers, whose sources of knowledge were not equal to his own, he was a liberal educa tion. It is necessary to dwell on this point, because it is very doubtful whether his younger followers have a distinct idea as to what he really was, and because it furnishes an explanation of what has followed since. Lecky comments on the fact that, unlike a large proportion of his followers, Wes ley had no contempt for human learn ing. He further says : ' Some, in deed, of the Methodist leaders were men of no contemptible knowledge. But the great majority of the preachers were half- educated men, and those who were not so, usually discouraged and decried secular learning. Human science was one of their favourite topics for abuse. This may represent a section of Wesley's helpers, but let it be emphatically stated that it in no way represents Wesley himself. He was a man of wide reading, fine scholarship and high culture, and encouraged all such things. But it was a task too herculean even for him to infuse his own spirit in every particular into the enormous mass of people he ruled. There are two courses open to a scholar. He may lead a life — and a useful life it may be — of scholastic activity and academic calm amongst his lettered peers, or he may go down amongst his inferiors and take the Atlas burden of their instruction upon their shoulders. This is what Wesley did; this is the purpose to which he gave his talents ; and if his followers have as yet secured only a few high places in the ranks. of the supremely wise and learned, nevertheless the mighty impulse that has sent the schoolmaster abroad, and covered the face of England and her colonies with schools for the multitude, beyond, all question was abnormally aided by the movement that did so much for the ignorant and poor. Popu lar education has more to thank Wesley for than it knows. ' This leads us to a third reason, viz., Wesley's writings. In many ways Wesley was before his time, and in pro viding cheap literature he was a pioneer. Devoted as he was to intellectual pur suits, he was anxious to give similar opportunities to the poor. For this purpose he edited a large number of well-known high-class works under the title of the ' Christian Library,' His pen was in constant activity. He drew up grammars for his Kingswood boys, and being assaulted by all sorts of enemies, was forced into controversy in pure self-defence. His largest books are his Treatises on Original Sin and Christian Perfection, his Notes on the New Testa ment, his Sermons, aud his Appeal to Men of Reason and Religion. Wesley s powers of organisation and government were very great. As Macaulay says, he had a genius for government not inferior to that of Richelieu. Perhaps it may be true that he was not so much original in his ideas as the careful adapter of other men's suggestions. Certainly he knew how to ' take occasion by the hand.' Lecky bears this testimony : ' His adminis trative powers were probably still greater than his powers as a preacher. Few tasks are more difficult than the organisation into a permanent body of half- educated men, intoxicated with the wildest religious enthusiasm, believing themselves to be all inspired with the Holy Ghost, and holding opinions that ran perilously near the abyss of Anti nomianism. Wesley accomplished the tosk with an admirable amount of tact, firmness, and gentleness ; and the skill with which he framed the Methodist organifatson is sufficiently shown by its later history.' I should quarrel with some of the terms of this statement, but the tribute is a valuable one notwith standing. Wesley's sympathy with poetry and music must certainly be given as an important lactor in his success. Here ? it is impossible to separate the two brothers. Charles, of course, was the poet of the movement, as well as of the Church at large. From childhood their sympathies ran in this direction, and we find Wesley's mother advising him at college to make poetry his diversion. The ordinary worship of their day seems to have been severely bald. It is easy to imaging the sweeping change whQn, instead of a few people drearily worship ping God in a half-empty building, crowds gathered in street or on moor land, and sang the glorious verses of Charles Wesley. As Wesley justly says ? - in his preface to the Hymn Book: 'Here are the p urity, the strength, and the elegance of the English language,' and if it be true that since then it has been enriched with some beautiful contribu tions of hymns from many different quarters, and true, too, that the recog nised hymn book of the leading denomi nations to-day are surprising collections' of beautiful poetry, the credit of that fact must be largely assigned to the two Wesley's, who first caught the divine . fire of religious zeal, and then breathed, it into the hymnology of their day. Wesley's theolgy must be given as an explanation of his success. In the main, if not wholly, it was that of the Thirty nine Articles. In most respects he held, by the orthodoxies of the day. His task was rather to infuse new life into old forms than invent new ones, and he expressly condemns as wrong what was new. But his aim led to a special emphasis upon accepted truths. Wes ley's power as a preacher was, however, a stronger reason for his success than any of those given. Dr. Stevens has said the wisest thing that T have read on the subject. 'As a preacher, he remains a problem to us. It is at least, very difficult to explain at this remote day the secret of his great power in the pulpit, aside from the divine influence which is pledged to all faithful mini - ters.' Effective as Whitefield was, it would seem as if Wesley surpassed him in deep and lasting influence upon his hearers. There was some strange and impressive author itativeness about his voice and manner that carried convic-' tion with it, but what it was there was nothing clearly to show. It is a lost secret. (To be Continued.) 