AMUSING. " "Wcaiy, did ye notice by th'papers thai; thousau's of meu wuz goin' back to work ? " " "Well, that'll be a good thing fer our bizness." " How so ? " " It reduces competition." " Those South Americans are so high strung that they want to fight on the smallest provocation." Crankshaft : " High-geared, I should judge from the number of revolutions the}' make." " Those Chicago women keep a fellow guessing." " "What Js so mysterious about them ? " " Well, do they get married in order to securo divorces, or do they secure divorces in order to get married ? Artist: "I should like to paint your wife." Husband: "It isn't necessary; she attends to that." O'Hara : " She was a good wifo to me, poor woman. Many's the word of good advice she gave me.".M'Googan: " Thrue for yez, an' many's the time Oi'vc heard her advisin' yez when Oi lived in the house boyant, a mile up the road, ochone ! Tommy : " Paw, what is human nature?" Mr Figg: "Human nature, my son, is tho excuse generally offered by a man who has been uctiug like a hog." Tommy: " Pop, when an elephant falls down in the Zoo how do they get him up again ? " Tommy's Pop : " I suppose they go to the bird house and get a crane." Thoughtful.—Husband : " It says here that an eminent German physician states that women require more sleep than moil." "Wife: "Does it, indeed?" Husband : " Yes. I think you had bettor not sit up for me to-night, my dear." Hikes : " So you saw a ghost ? Did he say anything to you ? " " Sikes : "Yes, but I couldn't understand hiui." Bikes : " "Why ? " Sikes : " Because I uovcr studied the dead., languages." She : " Do you suppose his wife really supports him ? " He : " I judgo so. He told me lie didn't know what real happiness mount until after he got married." Miss Passe: " Sir, do you mean to cast reflections on my age ? " Colonel Clement : "Madam, it would bo quite impossible. You keep it too dark." ' "What makes that fruit vendor so short-winded ? " "I guess ho uses up all his breath polishing his apples." French politeness stands its possessor in good stead on all sorts of occasions. A Frenchman who was staying at an hotel in Edinburgh asked at the cashier's desk for his bill, and was astonished to find it so large. He felt that he had been plundered, but ho paid the bill and asked to see tho proprietor. The landlord came down in response to the call, beum iug with smiles. The Frenchman rushed up to him, exclaiming:—"Ah, let me embrace you, monsieur. Let ine kees you!" " But why do you want to em brace me,- sir? I don't understand^* "Ah,- saire, but look at this bill. Your bill? Yes; but what of it?" demanded the astonished proprietor. " Vot of it? Vhy, it'mean zatl s'all novaire, nevaire see you again, saire." The Einpi'ess Frederick is said to have purchased Ditton Park, Dutchet, two miles from "Windsor Castle, from the Duchess of Buccleuch. her object being to be near the Queen. 