EARTH TREMORS AND GHOSTS. INDIAN EXPERIENCES. From a private Iotter received in Adelaide on Wednesday from a gontleman in Cal cutta, wo take tbo following respecting tho recent earthquake which occurred m India:— Whon tho earthquake came I waa plaving golf with ono of tbe High Court Judges. Tho first indication was inability to stand steadily, which we both attributed to giddiness. Then we heard a noise like musketry, and on looking up saw the bricks rolling out of tho spire of tho Cathedral, and falling on a corrugated iron roof underneath, which caused tho noise referred to. Then tho steeple toppled over, and at the same time various other houses collapsed, sending up clouds of dust. Tho trees and buildings all round were playing at sco-saw, and the ground scorned to heave up and down liko a sharp swell on tho ocean. After a few moments it subsided, and, as the ground did not open and no volcano appearod, we thought it was all right and went on with our golf. A cc'uplo of hours later when we got back to the pavilion, we found the Judge's wife, with terror - stricken face, saving that their house, as well as several others, had fallen. The next morning we all hiked round to see the damage, and tho scene was most extraordinary. I doubt if a single house in Calcutta has escaped damage of somo sort. Many had fallen down, others b.vl big gaping cracks show ing daylight through, and others, the leant damaged ones, were cracked r.U over so badly as to lot water in, and thjs increased the damage when it rained. What made matters worse was that rain broke tho night follow ing tho catastrophe. At rone of tho tea gardens the daroago has been more serious. One man writes that his bun galow and all his tea houses aro levelled, and that he and the coolies round about him were thrown to the croond by the shock. The rail way was dainaped extraordinarily. In places it is twisted liko tho letter S, and in others tho line Im subsided and left tho rails suspended in tbe air. Bridges in numerable have collapsed. Fortunately tho loss of life has not been serious. So far only ono European is known of, but of natives tho loss will be 2,000 or 3,000, tho bulk of them at a placo where they get a rainfall of 600 inches in a year. The house we have taken refuge in is a very famous one — Hastings House, the official residence of Warren Hastings. It is a magnificent house, standing in a park of about 100 acres, but as it possesses numerous ghosts it has not been occupied tor many years. My host bought it two or three years ago as a spec, with somo othor men. and had it renovated ; but no one would occupy it, so we have como to drivo the ghosts away. The duel between Hastings mid Francis (author of the letters of Jumus) about tho Cbadcnapoor half - casto French woman, who after wards became Princess Talleyrand, was fought in the ground, and many other histori cal incidents aro connected with tho place. The principal and best authenticated ghosts are— (1) A coach nnd four, which drives through the portico occasionally at the witching hour ; (2) a headless man and a lady who appear out of tho wall of tho room in which I am sleeping; and (3) a lady who (very improperly)' walks through certain bed rooms and takes the blankets oil the sleepers. Wo have not accn any of tbe ghosts yet, but wo are liring iu hopes. I have given public intimation through the servants that the first oue which comos will be presented with a charge of shot out of my gun, which I keep ready loaded.' ? 