NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. There is a good deal of difference of opinion as to the prospects of a continuance of free trade in this colony. The free trade party as a body affect a confidence on the subject which is equivalent to *cocksureness " — though what " cocksureness," literally and etymologically considered, really means I haven't the ghost of an idea. The free trade party, however, say that the resources of this glorious country have been so gloriously de- veloped, the harvest has so increased, the price of wheat has so gone up, all by the agency of Cobdenism, that free trade has most certainly come to stay. Those wicked protectionists, on the other hand — sons of Belial, as they are — aver that the harvest, and the good rains, and the high price of wheat are not solely attribut- able to the fiscal policy of the colony. There you are, then ! A says Black, B says White. Who is right ? When perpending this problem it way not be amiss to give heed to the dictum of a man who should be somewhat of an authority on the question. Mr. B. R Wise is admitted to have a tolerably big grasp of colo- nial politics. He has bad experience. He knows the ropes. He is a freetrader of free- traders. Yet this is what he says :— " There be a greater chance of getting a small tariff in a Federal Parliament than there is of main- taining the free trade we now have in New South Wales. * * * The grazing capabilities of American ranches must be something far and away beyond what we have any conception of in Australia. A Perth paper says :— " Mrs. ' Buffalo Bill ' is an amiable domestic women, very popular in the neighborhood of North Platte, where she lives. Her home, ' Scout's Rest,' is a long, low build- ing, four miles from the town, large and roomy, quite like an hotel, and it is surrounded by 30,000 acres of prairie land, where are kept many thousands of fine blooded horses and cattle." " Many thousands " could hardly be less than, say, twelve thousand of each kind. I should like a run that would carry twenty- four head of large stock to the acre. * * * Complaints are still rife in regard to the income tax, and strangely enough the grievance generally growled about is not so much the amount to be paid, as the trouble connected with preparing the statement asked for on the schedule. In several cases that have come under my own observation the work of getting out the required particulars has been honestly worth fully one third of the amount of the tax. Commonsense would suggest that a simple statement of the amount of his esti- mated profits should be sufficient if the tax- payer is an honest man. If he is not an honest man he can bamboozle the Commis- sioners anyhow.. * * * I am really surprised at Goulburn. It enjoys already many advantages over all other provincial towns. It has two bishops, it owes more money for its water supply than any other municipality, and yet it seeks to deprive poor little Albury of its one most prized possession — an undoubted prior right to be selected as the Federal City. It is true that the reasons in favor of Albury being the capital might be greater, but still they are fairly decent reasons, as they include the fact that Albury for ten months in the year has the finest climate in Australia, that Albury is the prettiest provincial town in Australia, that its geographical position is the best suited for the purposes of a federal capital of all the towns in Australia, and that for a quarter of a cen- tury it has been regarded by the bulk of the people of Australia, as the place which would as a matter of course be selected for a capital whenever federation was accomplished. Yet in spite of all these obvious, self- evident facts, a Goulburn paper, unmindful of blessings already secured in the shape of a big overdraft and two bishops — wants to jump our claim. Greed and monopoly of this kind are beastly. Even the Goulburn people must revolt against the proposal and unite as one man in the order " Stop my paper." * * * In common with all right- thinking people I heartily sympathise with the Albury police in their efforts to put a stop to the practice of treating dumb animals with cruelty. At the same time I cannot help thinking that the proceedings on Tuesday last against Charles Wynack savoured considerably of over- officiousness, even if they did not amount to an outrage upon commonsense. A bullock, it appears, had got bogged in a creek, and being in a weak condition, was in a fair way to die there. As a matter- of- fact it did die after, or during the process of, extrication. This, how- ever, as Mr. Kipling says, is another story. Mr. Wynack endeavored to get the beast out by the customary method in such cases of tying a rope or chain to its horns, and hauling thereon. For this act he was charged with " cruelty, " although as, one of the witntesses for the prosecution admitted, the plan adopted was the usual one, and also the best. I may add it was also practically the only feasible plan available, as any man accustomed to bush life should know. There were, of course, two other possible methods, but they are attended with grave objections. The chain might have been fastened to the tail of the bullock, or the carcase might have been elevated by the timely explosion of several large dynamite cartridges. The adoption of the latter method would have been trouble- some and expensive. If the other alternative had been chosen the tail would probably have come out by the roots. LIPPON DAIRN. WALWA CHEESE FACTORY. — We have had an opportunity of testing an excellent sample of cheese from the Walwa factory. THE BISHOP OF GOULBURN.— The Right Rev. Dr. Chalmers and Mrs. Chalmers leave Goulburn next month for England. AN OLD ALBURY MAN.— Mr. J. J. Paine, son of Mr. J. H. Paine, has been unanimously elected Mayor of Windsor for the third time. NEW INSOLVENTS.— Adolph Pirunder, of Mahonga, hotelkeeper and farmer. Mr. N. H F. Giblin, official consignee. Joseph William Brown, farmer near Coolamon. THE FEDERAL ELECTION.— Mr. John Bridge elsewhere addresses the electors of New South Wales. Mr. Simon Fraser announces himself a candidate for the representation of Victoria. SALE OF HORSES AT WANGARATTA. — Doig and Vallender announce a special sale of draught horses only at the market yards, Wangaratta, on Saturday, 20th February, at 1 o'clock sharp. See advertisement. IMPUDENT THEFT. — On Saturday last a thief or thieves entered a bedroom at the Australian Hotel in Townsend- street, and a quantity of jewellery, valued at £16, the property of Mrs. Cannon, was stolen. The police have the matter in hand. THE FEDERAL CONVENTION.-- To-day is the day appointed for receiving nominations for the Federal Convention. The list of candi- dates nominated will have to be published three times in every newspaper in the colony. The polling will take place on 4th March. CORRECTION. — Our Corowa correspondent in reporting the marriage of Mr. Kirkup and Miss Foster, made on error in regard to the church. The marriage took place not in the Church of England, but in the Roman Catholic Church, the ceremony being performed by the Rev. P. Hlckey. THE WATER SUPPLY LIABILITY.— The Borough Council has received an intimation from the Public Works Department to the effect that the balance of the two year's instal- ments, demanded a few weeks ago, must be paid forthwith, or the matter will be placed in the hands of the Crown solicitor. JINGELLIC RACING CLUB. — At meeting of the stewards of the Jingellic Racing Club on Saturday, 23rd January, it was resolved to give the stakes of the Trial Stakes, run on Boxing Day, to the third horse, Glenalva, and S. J. Appleton, the rider of the first horse, was disqualified for a period of 12 months. FIRE AT WODONGA. — By a fire which broke out in a bedroom on Thursday night, the 4th inst. Mr. D. Wolt's house and furniture were damaged to the extent of about £30. But for the timely arrival of Mr. George Hadley, the building and its contents would have been de- molished. The fire was accidentally caused by a little child. ACCIDENT AT CUDGEWA.— Rather a serious accident happened to the team of the carrier for the Cudgewa Dairy Company. Owing to the very hot weather, he had to travel at night in order to meet the cool truck at Tallangatta. The night being very dark, the waggon was overturned on one of the steep inclines. There was about £250 worth of butter on board. ALBURY DISTRICT COURT. — In the ad- journed case of Petts v. Stewart, tried at the District Court, the reserved judgment has been delivered. The action was for £25 damages for breach of contract in regard to the sale of a line of coaches between Germanton and Culcairn. Mr. Acting- Judge Merewether has found for the plaintiff in full amount claimed. FEDERATION ADDRESSES. — Messrs. James Martin and V. Parkes spoke on federation last night at the Mechanics' Institute. To-morrow night Mr. D. O'Connor will apeak, and on Tuesday next Dr. Cullen will also deliver an address on the same subject. For the next three weeks the public are likely to be well educated in the pros. and cons. of federal union. THE NEW GUINEA MISSION.— On the occasion of his last visit to Albury, Dr. Chalmers announced the steps that had been taken to establish a bishopric in New Guinea, and stated that a guaranteed stipend of £400 per annum would be necessary to the execu- tion of the project. The Bishop now inti- mates that the guarantee fund has already reached £300 per annum for five years. DELAY IN DELIVERY OF THE " BANNER " — We have received several complaints from country subscribers in regard to delay and ir- regularity in delivery of the Banner. At Moulamein in particular, several subscribers state that their papers are often a week old. We shall bring the matter under the notice of the postal authorities, and shall be glad if any similar delay occurs to receive immediate advice. ALBURY WARDEN'S COURT.— At this court on Tuesday the case of George Wallace and William Tregonning v. J. W. Eastburn and A. J. Finlayson was called on. Mr. J. Wilkinson for plaintiff. Defendants did not appear. The plaintiffs in this case sought to have defendants' share in a mining claim at Black Range abandoned. The summons had not been served. The case was adjourned for 14 days, THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. — The polling for the municipal election took place on Satur- day. Very little public interest was evinced in the contest, and the proceedings were ren- dered even more quiet than they might other- wise have been by an almost continuous fall of rain. The polling, which was very light, resulted in the election of Messrs. Ten Brink, Quirk, and Wallder. The formal declaration of the poll was made by the Mayor at noon on Monday. CHURCH PARADE.— A church parade of the H. Company of Volunteer Infantry was held at St. Matthew's on Sunday last. The com- pany fell in at the orderly room at 10. 30 under Major Wilkinson, and marched to the church, preceded by the Town Band. The church was well filled, the congregation including representatives of all the Protestant denomi- nations. A special sermon was preached by the Rev. Canon Kingsmill, bearing inciden- tally upon military subjects. SUDDEN DEATH.— The Argus reports that a middle aged man named Charles Kieth was conveyed by train to the Narandera Hospital from Coolamon in an unconscious state, and died the day after his admission. The cause of death — cerebral effusion — which was on examination, at first, diagnosed by Dr. Watt, was confirmed by the hospital surgeon on making a post mortem examination. Deceased was a single man, and was lately employed at Wallanroobie Station, near Coolamon. WAGES CASE. — The following claim for wsges was dealt with by the local Bench on Tuesday : — W. Saggers v. J. Clarke and T. Clarke, claim for £2 16s. 6d. Mr. J. Wilkin- son appeared for the defence and pleaded not indebted. Mr. Tietyens appeared for the plaintiff. Plaintiff deposed that he had worked for defendants, having been engaged by John Clarke for harvesting. He went to work at £1 a week. When witness asked for his money he was told he had been engaged at 7s. a week. The case was dismissed. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WHEAT TRAFFIC. — A telegram from Corowa runs as follows : — " The South Australian wheat traffic on the Culcalrn- Corowa llne from intermedlate stations thereon to Corowa has been resumed, owing, it is thought, to the establishment of rates more on a mileage basis than previously existed, and the abolition of a preferential rate with 54 miles of haulage to Albury, as against an average of 23 miles to Corowa. The anomaly certainly made unnecessary work and loss to the Railway Department." THE INDIAN FAMINE RELIEF FUND. — A public meeting in aid of the Indian Famine Relief Fund was convened by the Mayor for Monday evening at the Council Chambers. At the appointed time the Mayor was in at- tendance, and representatives of all the local papers. The general public was represented by Dr. Andrews and Mr. W. Carkeek. The Mayor read letters of apology and promises of donations from Messrs. J. H. Paine and J. C. Chenery. As the attendance was so small it was decided to adjourn the meeting. LAND FOR SELECTION. — A telegram from Cobram runs as follows : — After a protracted delay the New South Wales Land Department has announced that about 25,000 acres of rich agricultural land in Southern Riverina are to be open for homestead selection early in April. This will include the stock route, one mile wide, between Tocumwal and Jerilderie. On this there is some of the finest cultivation land in Riverina, and the bulk of it will be ready for the plough. With the increased area of land to be placed under cultivation across the river this season, a great demand for draught horses has set in. As much as £30 is given for an ordinary farm horse. ALBURY HOSPITAL. — A special meeting of the hospital committee was held on Tuesday to consider a report of the medical officers to the effect that Mr. Kershaw, superintendent and dispenser, had been in a state of intoxi- cation whilst on duty. The committee, after enquiry, found the charge proved, and decided that the superintendent should be called on to resign at once. Mr. Kershaw's resignation, of course, involves also the retirement of his wife, the matron, and pending the appointment of a successor, Nurse Green has been placed in charge. The committee much regretted being compelled to take so severe a step in regard to the superintendent's mistake, but it is under- stood that It was not the first lapse, and for the safety of the patients no other course was open to them. POLICE COURT. — At the police court on Wednesday, before Messrs. Barnett, P.M., and C. Schmiedt, J.P., Henry Richards and Charles Graham were charged with stealing tobacco leaf from Younghusband and Co. to the value of one shilling. The arresting con- stable gave evidence to the effect that he arrested them near Younghusband and Co.'s shed. Richards had a bag containing tobacco, and admitted taking it from Younghusband's shed. He afterwards found another bag con- taining tobacco near where the prisoners were previously standing. Sydney Dockett, store- man at Younghusband and Co.'s shed, said he missed some tobacco from some bales in the possession of Younghusband and Co. The prisoners pleaded guilty and were fined 20s. or 21 days in gaol. FROM THE WARM COUNTRY TO THE COOL. — The third of the special cheap excursions in- tended to afford residents in the hot districts an opportunity of visiting the seaside or the mountains, with their cool refreshing breezes, will leave Albury at 2. 45 p.m. on Friday, the 19th inst., for Sydney (for Manly, Broken Bay, Coogee, and other marine resorts), the return fares being 60s. first class, and 30s. second class, and the tickets available for return by ordinary train within three weeks from date of issue. Cheap excursion tickets at 2d. per mile first class and 1d. per mile second class will be issued to stations on the Cooma line for lakes George and Bathurst, Kiandra, the Yarrangobilly Caves, and the snow country ; also to stations in the southern tourist districts between Goulburn and Mittagong. FIRE NEAR WAGGA.— About 1 o'clock on Monday morning the residence of Mr. Geo. Mackaway, a farmer at Clarendon, was dis- covered to be in flames. Mr. Mackaway is at present on a visit to Sydney with his family, and there was nobody in the house at the time, Assistance was procured, but the flames had too great a hold on the building. The house and contents were destroyed. The house was of weatherboards, of four rooms, with a veran- dah all round ; in front extended double line of wooden trellis work, supporting a large number of choice grape vines, all of which were completely destroyed. About 30 yards away was about 200 tons of hay, which was not touched, owing to the calmness of the night. The building and the furniture was insured in the United Australian Mutual Fire Company for £250. This amount will not cover the loss. The origin of the fire is un- known. THE FEDERATION FEELING AT COROWA.— A Corowa telegram to hand on Friday runs as follows : — Consequent on the close business application of the people and the general pros- perity and contentment a peculiar apathy pre- vails regarding the question of federation, which formerly was of burning interest here. Only five attended a meeting of the local branch of the Federation League to-day. The endorsement of the Sydney central league's attitude in not attempting to select candidates for support was unanimously resolved upon. The branch agreed to invite without exception the advertised and announced candidates for the Federal Convention to address meet- ings at Corowa, hopes at the same time being expressed that the candidates of special pro- minence, like Messrs. Carruthers, Wise, Lyne, M'Millan, Barton, and some representatives of the labour party, would address meetings at Corowa, Berrigan, and other border centres. A STRANGE CHARGE. — At the police court on Tuesday, Charles Wynack was charged with cruelty to animals. Mr. Belbridge ap- peared for defendant. Charles M'Farlane deposed that on Thursday he was near defen- dant's place and saw defendant with two other men in a creek ; they had a beast in the creek and a horse attached by a chain to the horns of the bullock ; defendant asked witness what he would charge to remove the bullock ; wit- ness said he was unable to undertake the work just then. To Mr. Belbridge : The bullock had been fast in the creek ; the bullock was alive ; witness did not see the bullock dragged. Constable Hamilton, another witness for the prosecutlon, admitted that the plan adopted for dragging out the bullock was the method usually adopted in such cases. Defendant ex- plained that the beast got bogged, and he adopted the only means available far extrica- ting the beast from its position. It would have been cruelty to leave the animal where it was. The case was dismissed. MINING ON THE MITTA MITTA.— Writing from Tallandoon and Eskdale on Monday our travelling correspondent says :— " The former place now bids fair to outvie Eskdale in the richness of the specimens and uniformity of the gold returns at present. Mr. Ellis's battery is engaged for the next three weeks in crushing from Tallandoon alone. The prospectors are steadily wending their way towards Lockhart's Gap, where an extensive scope is open for prospecting. The following crushings have been put through Ellis's battery since the new year : — Courtney and Rhodes, 54 oz. from 4½ tons ; Perry, 4 oz. from 3 tons ; Smedley, 4 oz. from 1½ ton ; Ley, 9 oz. 14dwt. from 5 tons ; Gracie, 10 oz. from 1½ ton ; Hardisty, 5½ oz from 5 tons. The No Name are now smelting and expect a yield of 3 oz. to the ton. Other crushings waiting are the New Tallandoon Co. 25 tons, G. Ellis, 4 tons, Blair and Harper 10 tons, Sheinmeester and Nevin 15 tons, E. F. Dyring, Quondong Reef, 20 tons. The latter has also taken up Parnell's interest in the Last Chance and have had good prospects. Perry and party have just found a good show which prospects 5 oz. There are 12 men em- ployed at the Tallandoon Co.'s claim." PRESBYTERIAN. — The annual meeting of the congregation of St. David's Church was held on Tuesday evening. The Rev. David Smith occupied the chair. The annual report was read, showing satisfactory progress, and it was adopted unanimously. The election of a com- mittee of management then took place, result- ing as follows : — Messrs. J. B. Hilton, W. Davidson, A. J. Cox, H. Stewart, H. Davies, W. D. Busby, R .M. Wilkinson, M. Justice, and D. M. Logan. Messrs. E. Heath and W. D. Busby were re- elected auditors. The chair- man referred to the approaching departure of Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Munro, and spoke in appreciative terms of the valuable services rendered by both. He then presented Mr. Munro with a handsome illuminated address trom the various organisations connected with the church. Mr. Hilton on behalf of the congre- gation asked Mr. Munro's acceptance of a hand- some travelling bag and fittings. Mr. Logan also presented Mr. Munro with a writing desk. The several gifts were appropriately acknow- ledged by Mr. Munro, who leaves Albury to- morrow on a trip to England. Some vocal and instrumental music was rendered very nicely by Miss Williams, Mrs. Ferrier, Miss Runcie, Miss A. Stewart, Miss Laird, and the choir. A vote of thanks was carried to the outgoing officers and committee. A similar compliment was paid to the Sunday- school teachers, the choir, the organist (Miss Laird), and the chairman, and the meeting closed with the benediction. MR. WISE'S ADDRESS ON FEDERATION.— Mr. B. R. Wise delivered an address on federa- tion on the night of the 4th inst. at the Mechanics' Institute. Mr. T. H. Griffith oc- cupied the chair. The address was substan- tially a repetition of that delivered a few days previously at Goulburn, a summarised report of which appeared in our last issue. The house was fairly well filled and the speech was received with approval though scarcely with enthusiasm. Several of the best points were applauded, and the speaker was cheered at the close. When the address was finished, Mr. W. N. M. Edmondson, a leading member of tbe Single Tax League, asked the candidate if a sincere freetrader could conscientiously remit the question of taxation to a Federal Parlia- ment in which protectionists would have a majority of 3 to 1. Mr. Wise, in reply, said that he was first of all things an Aus- tralian. Secondly, he was not afraid to contend for the fiscal policy in which he believed in the larger sphere of an Austra- lian Parliament. Thirdly, he disputed the accuracy of the questioner's premise, that there would be a majority of 3 to 1 protectionists in a Federal Parliament. To assume such a thing was absolutely to ignore the large num- ber of freetraders in the other colonies, whilst even in New South Wales he believed that many who now voted protection did so mainly from irritation caused by the effects of the Victorian fiscal policy, and in a federated Australia would be freetraders. The speaker added an expression of his belief that there was a better chance of obtaining a very small tariff in a Federal Parliament than there was of maintaining the present freetrade in New South Wales. This reply was received with marked demonstrations of applause. A vote of thanks was carried to Mr. Wise for his address, on the motion of Mr. Ball, M.L.A., and a similar compliment to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. SMALL DEBTS COURT. — At this court on Wednesday the following cases were dealt with : — Municipality of Albury v. D. Abbott, claim for £7 4s. for rates ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Same v. Alex. Bell, claim for £8 15s. 7d. ; dismissed, the court having no jurisdiction as the amount had been owing over three years. Same v. J. L. M'Eachern, claim for £5 7s. 3d. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the defendant. The Council Clerk de- posed to the rates being due. The rate collector stated that Mr. M'Eachern disputed part of the amount, stating that the tenant was responsible ; at Mr. M'Eachern's request he sued Jennings, but did not obtain the money ; he then applied to Mr. M'Eachern again for the amount unpaid. To Mr. Wilkinson : Mr. M'Eachern did not come to me and tell me that Jennings had left goods in the shop to the value of the amount of the rates. Mr. Wilkinson submitted that the case must be dismissed under section 4 of the Amending Act of 1892, which says if rates remain unpaid, by the person rated due notice must be served in proper form on the owner of the property before they can be recovered. Mr. Tietyens, who appeared for the council, then asked that the case be withdrawn. Case withdrawn with 10s. costs. T. Affleck v. J. W. Newling, claim for £1 18s. 6d. ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. H. Laoville v. Levy, claim for £2 10s. for hire of a horse ; verdict for 25s, and costs of court. Mrs Down v. John Hellbarg', claim for £10 9s. ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. John Arnold v. W. Jones, claim for £1 10s. 9d. ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Alfred Gale v. John Elliott, claim for £16 ; adjourned for a fortnight. J. Gresham v. Harriett Camplln, claim for £1 ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Collins v. Mrs. Goldsworthy, claim for £2 ; case dismissed. Peter Mullavey v. James Coleman, claim for £1 11s. ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Margaret Edgecumbe v. Mary Crisp, claim for £8 ; verdict for £1 and costs. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.— We have re- ceived the January number of the Review of Reviews. Mr. G. H. Reid contributes a paper on " The Outlook of Federation." He con- siders that the lines of the present movement begin well in leaving the direct initiative to those for whom the constitution is intended, and whose province it will be to accept or reject it. He sets forth clearly and in con- siderable detail the various points on which he considers that the electors of Australia have the right to expect a definite expression of opinion from every candidate, and he winds up by saying :— " I look forward to the Con- vention elections in March with confidence. I feel convinced that the results of the popular choice will confound those who distrust the general judgment, and give new strength and courage to those who place their trust in the common sense and good faith of that great body of independent and self-respecting man- hood in which is vested the power and des- tinies of these Australian communities." Papers on political affairs in New Zealand are contributed by Sir Robert Stout and the Rev. W. Isitt. The latter refers mainly to the effect of prohibitive and restrictive legislation in regard to the liquor traffic. Under the heading " Fights for the Flag " the editor sup- plies several interesting sketches of personages and incidents celebrated, in the annals of naval warfare, and given with all the force and attractiveness which made the popularity of " Deeds that Won the Empire." The charac- ter sketch of this month, from the forcible pen of Mr. W. H. Stead, is entitled " Annus Domini 1896." It consists of a review of the principal events of the year, sketched in the author's characteristic style, and full as usual of the beauties and blemishes, the excellences and the eccentricities by which Mr. Stead's work is always marked, Mr. Rudyard Kip- ling's last work, " Seven Seas and Other Poems, is reviewed at considerable length, and by an evidently appreciative critic. This article Is illustrated with several portraits of Mr. Kipling and other pictures. The whole number, indeed, is remarkable for the excel- lence and multiplicity of the illustrations. THE ELECTION OF THE MAYOR. — The annual meeting of the Albury Borough Council for the election of Mayor took place at noon on Wed- nesday. Alderman Watson occupied the chair, and briefly explained the object of the meeting. The other members present were Aldermen Hodge, Carkeek, Jones, Billson, Ten Brink, and Quirk. It was decided to de- termine the election by open voting. Alder- man Jones proposed Alderman Hodge as a most suitable candidate ; Alderman Carkeek seconded the motion. No other candidate being nominated, Alderman Hodge was de- clared duly elected and took the chair. The Mayor heartily thanked the aldermen for the compliment paid him. He felt undeserving of the position, although during his term in the Council he had endeavored to dis- charge his duties to the best of his ability. The position of Mayor was not one of unalloyed pleasure, as it involved at times the discharge of painful duties ; but nevertheless, after well considering the matter, he had decided to accept the post in accord- ance with the desire of many who had pressed him to do so, and carry out the work, to the best of his ability in a way that he trusted would meet their approval, and would leave him nothing to be ashamed of. He would like to say that the retiring Mayor, Alderman Watson, had been very attentive to his duties. A good deal had been said about the arrears of rates, but in this respect it was not the mayor and aldermen who were to blame. The by-laws provided for regular payments of the rates, and if people paid up there would be no need to enforce payment. It was in fact absurd to appoint a Mayor at all unless the ratepayers supplied the finances in due and proper time. He hoped that in future they would help the Council in this matter. The speaker then proceeded to eulogize the Council Clerk as an able and industrious officer, who had given him (the speaker) much valuable aid in dis- charging the duties of treasurer. The other officers of the Council also were able men, who lent the mayor useful help in carrying out the work of the Council. He hoped next year would be a prosperous one, and that in the collection of rates the Council would not be compelled to have recourse to unpleasant mea- sures. In conclusion he had only to say that on previous occasions of the kind it had been customary to invite the aldermen to refresh- ments. As they knew that was agsinst his principles, but he proposed instead to give a donation to the hospital and Ladies Bene- volent Society. He had much pleasure in moving a vote of thanks to the late mayor. Alderman Jones seconded the motion, and in doing so said he had been one of those who were hardest on the late mayor, holding him responsible for the accumulation of arrears. He now fouud. that he was mistaken, that the late mayor had not been to blame, and he wished to apologise. Alderman Watson re- turned thanks. Alderman Carkeek congratu- luted the Mayor on his election, the Mayor replied and the proceedings closed. 