%bt ?????? Jlii riif Hsb* I* jUlY ? v WMM IPIlTs ?? i : ' CHAPTER II. THE WEM., HOUSE, : dUNNERSHURY.' The We(l House, Gnn.ner3bury,.waB, tho oldest' buildiflf* fob ; manjjr j rjnilos: rouud. Tho' well from whicTi Tf'tdbk iti name in agoa pone by had famished a water 8upjjo.s'd to be endowed with groat healirii» :hio.(-M tioK ''- In tho early part of tho last century, it. , whs av rusort ,of; (.he, gcini-'fnshionfibl')1 '? kiuil. iiud 'deliuato dames «scdj^)jdrive outtyihi t!i(!fi;raan sions'itT Miiyfuir, with f.bo rise of ihe morning sun, tu drink tho Guaaersbury waters., ., Bfit^he water, it, would appear,' lost it's hiialing' 'properties and its rejiu-i t9tio6Y7;nrid''tKc 'glb'rffs of the 'Weir House departed, never to retnrn. After thai the Well Honse passed throogh. over a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes^./ Jt.iw'as at one 'time 'Me residence of a fair, lady,, of the period,,, who thero—'ifeltf her, mimic} court ) every Sunday; nod in the reign of tho last of the 3-eorges it was the property of the fair lady'3 son, who gambled it away, together with tho rest or hi9 belongings. Litigation ensued, and the Well Houso, with all that to it pertained was thrown into that abyss of destrnction, Chan cery. ..,.. ..,.. ..... /: ; There it remained until a few years previous to the commencement of bur history, acquiring daily-a. mprevfirmly established reputation:6f being'haunted' by tho ghost.J of its previous owners. Tho walls were mere tottering stanefs of maBonry, overran by ivy and other creepers, the woodwork rotten. The ironwork crumbled beneath the touch, and the garden was, in summer time, one lovely wilderness of untrammelled glory. A day arrived when the Court of Chancery, tired of its work of destruction, determined .to sell the ?? place, and Mrs/ ; Hill, Endaile's aunt, bouglit', ft/for ttie. ? proverbial song. Bricklayers, masons, carpenters, and so forth, were set to work, and the result was a pretty, com fortable, modern villa, provided with everything that conld make life enjoy able. Mrs. Hill had long been on the look out fo'i'su'cb™rra'pTace— quie'C secluded-, situated on a road used by few people,' and ^.absolutely un- overlooked. The address, ,was:a'good one, land the house had bfeen so constructed that surprise was impossible.' In case of danger, there was a little window on the highest point? of .'the' ,'roof; from which the'. approaches on all sides could be seen, for a mile rriundj and 'although attnck'was' difficult, the moan'sJoE escape were we'll; provided for. ????''-'? -: ? ?? -'-?-'??? ? ' At 'the same time, the ? Well House prcsonted every appearance of the high est respectability., ;The s.',aff consisted, of Mike Koan. the serving-man whom the reader has seen, of an elderly woman who hadbeen'triaiiy years in Mrs-. Hill's service, and of her daughter, who was equally devoted to the family. The nexft1 morning1 was as fine and balmy ;as/,;.the; previous, night had been wretcUe3iapd,rai'rirs6aked.\:'In the Well House, somo of ? tho inmates' had been astit from about five o'clock, and by seven it would have puzzled the shrewd est detecti^to^fin^n] the pface 'a proof.i of tho burglary which had been com mitted by Enda'ie Verpoin£.!. ?ib!e -jewel ; had been burned, 'the gold melted, into one lump, and tho jewels tied into little packets, whice was secreted upon the person of , Mrs. Hill; '-* -Mrs': Hilt' herself was driven shortly after, nine to Gunners bury Railway Station, where she took a ' ' train citywards. '. ' Mike.then returned to the .Well House, ' .' and, depositing in his dogcart a lady's portmanteau and valise, sent word to ' inform Miss Endalie that' the trap was ?'' ready. ? m ? : , ?'' The young lady herself 'stopped into ,' tho garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had been disturbed by aught but the brightest; and moat; innocent of dreams. Drcas, face, and figure equally charming, and her beauty seemed to be rather of the frail, and fragilo'than of the kind which improved ? by masoular exercise. Had anybody 'placed by the side of those patent leather shoes the heavy Bluchers which she'had kicked off in the hall, and even suggested that she might haveworn them, ho would have been thought mad. Endalio jumped lightly into the vehicle,' and, taking- the rein's from. Mike's hands',\ drovo away in thedirec tion of ..Richmond. She passed every stop of 'that road on the previous night, and it moved her.pulan-.not :the space of a breath to return by tho way along which she had toiled in the raid witt, hdr pockets and ? her liberty at themeroy.Qf' any policemen who might stop her: -\ / The morning paper had contained- no announcement of , the burglary, but that was hardljr'possib'e, as ^,he; hews could not havo'yjjeachod Flect'Stre'el. in timp. As she passed, the gateway of Benchief Lodge, howe'ver, she noticed a policeman standing there, engaged in conversation with wliat to' Endalie'e practised eye appenrcd to bo a detective. ; . ' Thriy've found out by this time that, they've lost something,'' she said to her self, ' and are trying to Ippk for it.' At that, moment,. a carriage and pair camo dashing down tho walk towards the rood. Two ladies wore seated in it, both young and fashionably dressed. Endalio shot a sneerful glance towards them and. drove, on. : ?' It's no nse,' my darling Angelina,' Endalino said to herself, ' grieving over thoso ear-rings. You'll never see (hem again. They'll' decorate sbmo Eaitorn beauty, who'll 'nover know '. that you're breaking that dear little heart oC yours over thorn.'.-' ; ; -.. -??:.?::. .:?'. .-'.-.' : It is probable that had. Lady, Angelina Ayot been awaro of Miss. Endalie Vor ptnnt's self-communion, sho .would have been inclined to feel even more. ^spiteful than Endalie gave her credit for. (7b be Continued.')' 