The Dagger and The Cross By JOSEPH HATTON, Author of ' By Order of Czar,' ' When Greek meeta Greek,1' 'Clytie,' Princess Mazaroff,' 'Cruel London,' 'Under the Great Seat,' &a;,&c; (cupebight.) CHAPIEB XLHI {Continued]. ' 'Xia infamous !' groaned the prient. ' What penance can atone for such profane revolt !' ' And as £ stood apart, my dagger strongly gripped, vengeance in my soul,' continued the penitent, his sunken eyes flashing, his lips apart, his bony hand clutching an imaginary knife, ' there came upon the scene that same native, the man Clegg, and with brief parley of words be seized Ziletto by the throat ; and all in a moment it came into my thoughts that he would rob me of my revenge, beguile me of the bliss I had promised my self I stepped between them from oat of mv hiding-place, a shadowy minister of justice, and, as the moon hid herself, I stabbed him thrice, and whispered in hia ear the message I told thee of, 'Devil ! Tis I, BoubiUac. Get thee back to hell, thon fiend incarnate ; 'tis Roubillac that speeds thee thither !' 1 hastened back again to the Old Hall and sat me down upon a seat outside the refectory, where Father Coatelli sought me. It bad been the festival of the Springs, and we went in to sapper ; and to and behold* the clock struck, and I noted the time, so that it might be given in evidence that I was sitting there with my friends and comrades at about the hour when the murder of Ziletto might have been committed ; for £ had become cunning too, as well as vengeful. When one iJalls in sin, one falls easily after the first descent. It might well be that ere the deed was weU disclosed to the man Clegg and the mock wife, £ was well on my way to the Old HalL It seemed as if wings were added to my feet, and £ laughed with a fiendish joy that I misht have robbed from the dead Ziletto himself. £ had killed him, stabbed him to death ; yet I sapped with Father CosteUi and aome guests AC the Old Hall, and talked over the happy event of the day, the glory of the time, the beauty of its emblems, the Messed ascent of the Master, and the beauty of religion.' The penitent now paused to laugh at the abject attitude of the priest. 4*£t was a right merry night ; even Coatelli unbent and joined in the toast of Eyam ; and presently I retired to Francesca'e chamber, and we talked of Italy until morning. £ said we would go hence, if she willed it ; and she re joiced in the happy prospect £ drew for her. And £ would hare her prepare at once ; but on the next d&y; the officer of the Crown, or whatsoe'er they call the constable of the district, summoned me to Appear before the Crowner ; he was to open a Court to inquire into the death of Giovanni Ziletto, who had been murdered at a lonely spot by the Vale of Middleton. £ went thither with the rest. Father Costelli, and several of my com patriots ; and I gave tny declaration, how he and I had parted at such a time after the dancing on the Green, how be had promised to come to the Old Hall and sup, how he and £ bad not been on the best terms of good camaradere, bat how we had renewed and he-led our ^jfffrrpncpft on this day of our art competition and the festival of Ascenuon — ail lies, my father, politic lies, for £ had no desire to play the martyr for him. And £ told them how, as the clock struck about the time of his death, £ was talking of the success of the festival with Father Costelli. And the Crowner or King's officer, asked me if any one entertained an ill-feeling against ZUetto, any one of his countrymen ; and £ said No, we were a happy family, and I thereupon paid tribute to his art, to hu skill as a musician, to his mnnlinpfifi and nobility of character, so far as £ knew and broke down with emotion, epzaking.there about his death.' ' Hypocrite !' said the priest. ** Ay, and worse — possessed ; for the devil released from Ziletto had entered into toe ! . . . And there sat in the Court-— 'twas the room of the inn where Ziletto had been wont to charm the natives with his songs— Reuben Clegg, a witness, like unto myself, as I had thought ; but 'twas not not bo— he was a prisoner, charged with the murder of ZUetto, charged, and on the most fatal evidence. They had fought, not long before, he and Ziletto, so the prisoner bad acknowledged, and Clegg was the aggressor ; be said so in open Coort,ond would not be denied. He confessed that he hated him, and believed him to be a ruffian, a. seducer, a traitor to God and man, and had smote him from this path, whereupon /iletto had drawn a knife upon him, and had accepted a challenge, and would have been willing to do battle with him to the death. But he did not murder him ; none who knew him in the High Peak Hundred would donbt his word on that. The pale beautiful vromao who now called herself Clegg'a wife related the particulars of the tragedy with all trnth, and Clegg had nought to add thereto. The simple Court of the village, knowing many other cir cumstances that might confirm Mary Talbot*a evidence, believed her declaration and relieved Clegg of the infamy sought to be branded upon him. But the Constable of Eyam and his more influential colleagues of the Hundred regarded her statement in so far as the incident of the murder was implied as mere fable ; and Clegg was tbereopon relegated for examination to a higher Court, such perchance by comparison as oar Council of Venice, and was condemned to death. My veaik at the Old Hall being sufficiently finished, we left tl great Assize town and came to Venice, ?' And without protest to atay the execution of the unhappy man ? Without one word of interposition ? Yon left him to die in his ' I had thought to hare quitted Eyam long before, but something held me ; Francesca was loth to leave. She had been admitted to. the house of the betrayed woman, &nd; Mary Talbot had found comfort in her sweet companionship. For one brief moment £ was prompted to take the man's plane, to offer myself up to justice, bat only for a moment ; my heart failed me, £ did not want to die. . . . And so we came back to Vieace, and in its sunshine and peace and with its happy memories I tried to forget England. The wtstfulnesB and sorrow in Francesca'e eyes, I, with selfish confidence, attributed to the debt of penitence she owed me. iatttl believed she could not have esciped the wiles of Ziletto, bat in troth 'cwu my guilty secret that was killing her ; ehe had divined the truth of the manner of Ziletto's death .' ' And told thee bo in words ?'' '? Nay, but in appeals that I should confess to thee ; and in one sentence that gave her more pain to utter than to breath, when the last message came to her. 'There ie blood upon thy hands, ' she said. I promised I £ would unburden my heart to thee ; and now thou hast heard the black and damning record. . . . And she is no more, and 1 am alone with mv Ginn. Ttfnt nil the nripjttnfn Christendom, nor all the power of the saints on earth, alas, can raise up to life again the lovely image of pure womanhood they have carried to the tomb. Alas ! alae 1' Chapteb XLIV.— His Agonv and Awftl Dagger. «' If 'twere God's will to raise np thy wife Francesca, she would in her own generosity be standing by thee [io humble appeal for thy aouU' said the priest, as RoubUlac sank upon the conch in mental and physical collapse. '* As it ia, it may be that her innocence and the Mother of God a helpful aid have given her ihe privileged of interposition for thee at the rhrone of Grace ; for there is the miracle of Heaven and the miracle of earth and sreat is of faith. But woulist thou dare to hope for the mercy she could win for thee, thou must first repenu' ** I do repent,1* he said, covering his face with his hands and speaking with difficulty. ' £ do repent. Absolve me soon, for I feel the hand of death is upon me.' 'Nay. God graot thee power to do the penance I shall hold thee to. Summon thy power of wilL Arue, gird up thy loins, and make thyself worthy of forgivness here and bereaf ter, thotx doable-dyed traitor to God and 'Heap thy word of wrath upon me,' groaned the penitent. As I revealed myself onto thee, I taid, * Surely it cannot be tboD, BoubiUac, whose bub £ am confessing.1 But 'tis so, and Fm damned to all eternity. ZUetto is a saint compared with the foul villain u ho slew him. Nay, Loreoz i, £ ask not tby pity, nor any longer thy absolution. Let me drift the black river alone, UDpitied, a waif of the pit. . . . And yet,' he continued, slipping from the couch and gazios at the Calvary on the wall, 'she speaks to me, I see ber beckoning, there is a smile upon her heavenly face* Oh, my God, do not torture me ? Slay me, let me parch of thirst in purgatory or bora in the bottomless pit, but torture me not with that lost loved face !' ' Wouldst win her back again ?' said the priest, kneeling by his side. ' Wonldst win thy way to the Paradise where she would have thee join her and the heavenly host V 'Ask the pilgrim dying of thirst if he desires a cup of water ; ask the man on the rack if he kings to have bis body free from agony.' 'By Christ's Cross, I swear to thee, Benardo Roubillac, thy sins shall be forgiven thee if thy repentance be equal to the penance I eball ordain xbee.' *' Thou bringest water to the parched lips, hope to the hopeless,' said Roubillac, rising to bis feet. ' What penance canst thou devise that human feet can accomplish, that human endurance can avail? Name it ; if, as thon sayest, it shall ensure such forgiveness as will encompass heaven and that meeting again with Francesca in the sweet forgelfulness of the evil that ia done, name ic Lorenzo, priest, friend, judge, name it, and let ine rack, the wheel, the rope do their worst :' ' Nor wheel, nor rack, nor rope shall touch tby body, Bernardo ; 'tis thy soil mast be racked, thy spirit free from shackles. Listen ! Give me tby dagger I ' BoubiUac drew from bis girdle the knife i7i .h which he had slaio Zi'.ctto. ** Is this the weapon wilh which thy sacri legious hand dared anticipate tlie will of Heaven V ' His blood is stiU upon the blade. I have not dared with it, though it has never been unsheathed Bince that night of venglance.' ** Talk of it no more as vengeance : say that night of crime and infamy,' replied the priest, holding the knife ia hi& band as if he grasped a crucifix. ' Thou shalt depart from Venice in the first ship that offers, and take thy way to England, landing at tfae port thon first didst make, and thence, on foot* without scrip or purse, make for that same village of Eyam. Thou shalt take this carnal weapon in thy hand ; it shall be thy emblem now of penitence and peace ; thy dagger shall be thy cruES ; so shalt thou pass into the land of the High Peak Hundred, ao shalt thou enter into the aisle of their Church that is alien lo thee. to shall tby humiliation be the greater ; and, holding aloft thy cross, thoti shale confess thy crimesoefore all the people. Nay, thou elialt say onto them that, since God did not strike tbee down by His Holy altar when thou didst take His name in vain, the Holy Church thon lias profaned may yet pronounce that union inviolable. Answer me not. With all the power I have I will appeal uoto the Pope himself. It may be an impiety ; Cod knows if it shall avail aught ; but that is tby message to the Talbots and the people of the English I vilUge. Before them all thou ebalt confess the I murder of Giovanni Ziletto. Thus freeing the name of Clegg from ilie taint of crimp, thon 1 shaft ofler thyself lo the English law and take I thy punishment even uato death. So shalt I tbou free thy soul from perdition ; so shall thy leoul be purified, and take upon iiself the 1 innocence of tby youth, and be worthy to join the heavenly throng. And thus God Bhail answer the celeetial prayer of Franceses, of Verona.' RonbiJlac stood forth as the priest delivered his terrible judgment, and, as the burning words fell like Fate from his lips, the penitent braced himself to the awful penat.ee; his frame seemed to be knitted together with a rejuvenated vigour. As the penalty was great, bo did ic appear as if Cod gave him strength to fulfil it. He thrust back his gray locks, a araile of resolute faith, played about hia eloquent mouth, his face shone with the impulse of a great resolve. Putting out his band, he took the knife from the priest, and, pressing it to his lips, be raised it, priest -like, before hia eyes. '* Never better friend than now,' said the priest. ' Tby salvation is half accomplished. When thou standest before the people iu yonder village beyond the sea, thy soul un burdened, justice done to the memory of the innocent, tbou shalt see the gates of heaven open unto thee, and there Bhall be joy among the saints of God !' ' Good-bye, most reverend Father in God ! may I call thee my friend, Lorenzo !' he s»id. 'Good-bye, Lorenzo ! Hadst thon been Roubillac I could not have pronounced bo great, so noble a penance epen thee ; bat toy ife has been spent with thy Maker ; to thee heaven is all in alL I tried to make my heaven on earth, hence the long and weary road these feet must travel to find it. Nay, 1 do not murmur, my father. £ bad endured a greater penance to be assured of the future.' 11 The road shall be easy to thee, Bernardo ; for, if 'tis long and weary und the end of it a pang of shaine, behold, £ shall be upon my :nees the while, and I know that our Holy Mother will listen, that the Man of Many Sorrows will harken to my prayer, and that Gad Himself wiU answer it, and make thy path straight, thy penance a blissfnl ending to a tired life. God and His saints be with thee, Bernardo !' Ronbillac knelt at the priest's feet, and Lorenzo blessed him. Then rising, the penitent said, ' And now, Lorenzo, give me thy band apart from the priest; the hand of secular friendship, the band of boyish camaraderie; 'twill comfort me to know that £ have gripped thy hand an trammelled by creed or faith or priestly vows ; 'twill strengthen me to fulfil that judgment of thy other self. To us shall I depart blessed of prieat and man.' The priest put out his hand. RoubUlac fell epen his neck. The ttro strong wen wept as men ; and while Roubillac went forth on his terrible journey, Lorenzo lay proue before the Calvary in a mighty appeal for him, body Chapteb XLV.— Thb EvoLrnos of the Penance. Now the population of the'mountain village, when the Plague broke out in August, 1665, was three hundred and fifty souls. On the eleventh of October, 1666, there had died of these two bnndrcd and fifty nine. Ninety one remained on ihe brink of the shadow of the valley, waiting their several turns to be called. The two devoted clergymen of the village had never Blackened in their preaching of hope and resignation. Since the hitter days of July, the Hector had held his services in the open- air at Cucklett ; bnt on this Sunday afternoon, next after the eleventh of the month, in October, he had notified his flock that they would meet on the tableland around Clegg'e cottage. This was in fulfilment of a promise to Mrs. Clegg. It had come into her mind that the Rector needed physical as veil as spiritual refreshment. She was a skilful hand at broths and possets ; and she had hoped (hat Mary Talbot would also remain and take tea with her after the serfiee. Bnt Mary came early, and if you could have seen her sitting by the fire, at Mrs. CUgg's ronud table, that reflected in its polished surface a china tea set, while a copper urn snog upon the hob, you would have found it hard to realise the awful gloom that n i^ned half a mile away When Reuben Clegg entered the cottage Mary Talbot rose somewhat formally, and shook bid by the hand. He had come up through the glen from the chief outpost of the cordon sanitare, along the path which the Italun troop had traversed with the pack horses of an early chapter in this history. tie was considerably exercised by a powerful desire to accept the Faith of the Church, but his soul was ttill rebellious and full of doobL The gloomy man at the outpost, ready to stop any venturesome traveller from entering the precincts of the village, had been recounting to him the tally of the dead, and the virtues of many of them and their prayers, the appeals of mothers for their little ones, the sap plications of husbands for their wives, and all the bitterness of it, the unwavering, nuy, the ing ihe prayers and holy services of the Church : but Renben'e lieart softened at the sight of Mary eitting with bis mother, the firelight glowing iu her face, thnt wad further illuminated by a. smile that give bitn pleasant Mrs. Clegg took an early opportunity to leave them alone for a while. Then Reuben said it was good for her tr» come, and that ii cheered him to see her. Site looked op into his face with a wistful inquiring gaze, and asked him if be was more hopeful of the village than yesternight, when lie was speaking with her father. Reuben only replied in a Ion- voice that she was his hope. A stray beam of sunshine pierced the crcat elm that overshadowed the doorway, and and Reuben saw that she was not displeased. It was a characteristic autmnn day. The fading of the leaf gave a golden glurv to the forest tree 3. The grass was green' in the meadow?. There ivere sfretcbes of parple moorland mingling with ihe yellow of the bracken. A biUvry mist hung over ti.e distant bills. Otherwise the atmosphere »as clear and blue, with only a diaphanous cloud here and there. The crags of the dales of Middleton and Eyam shone white in the sun. The cottage door was opea. Mrs. Clegg passed in an out occasionally, her heart full of new and joyful hope. Presently ehe cleared away her caps and saucers, and her servant brought oat from the kitchen ft small cauldon, and, having swung it upon ft bar that crossed the aiiple fire-grate, buried herself with cups and mugs on the great oak dresser. Reuben and Mary left tfae htarth Btone and stood in the doorway, looking upon the beautiful world that vas spread before them in hill, and dale, and valley, the Derwent flashing back the sunlight and the blue sky between dumps of trees, and rounding the foot-hills of the mountains with mirrors that reflected their misty uunouts. Then there came the clergyman in his gown, and by his side the inhibited Stanley, bis white beard falling over hia Paritanicftl vest ment. With them were Sir George Talbot, in his brocaded jerkin, his hat and feather, and his gemmed baldrick, and Master Long stafie in his Sunday clothes ; for he held with Sir Georce that it was pood to meet the enemy with a cheerful face, counting on God's protection, to observe the Sabbath aa they had always done, with their customary change of raiment. ' For, an' if we have to go down, as my grandfather, the master mariner, used to say,' LoneaUffe would remark, '* let us go down with flying colours.' But these men were tfae exceptions iu die village. The rest lacked neither courage nor Eaith, but they took on the gloom of their Barrooodings ; and it roust be said for Sir George and Longataffe that the Angel of Death had passed over their dwellings. Longstafie, who lived with bis Btster and an old maiden aunt, had not known p' hour's iHnw- Sir George had lost relatives, but more or lew remote iu blood. It might be that Heaven had deemed the Manor House so deeply Bmitten with other sorrows that it had been spared the visitation of the prevailing sick ness. In tbis Master idjngBtMtts cud1 Sir George were exceptions indeed. Their fellows, and the women of the village, came in scattered groups, with their children, to the service by degg's cottage, the little ones clinging to their mothers' gowns or led by the hand, no less sad of face and manner than their elders ; for even such of them M had seen Death before he appeared with his burn ing finger, signing his victims with a purple mark, had not seen him bo grim and loathsome that they had ahronk with terror from the loving hands that had hitherto made their little lives a blessing. And so they came, creeping up the glen or along the steep footpath from the high-road to the still well-kept gardes of Clegg'a cottage, and gathered about the great elm ; most of them, however, keeping as far apart from tfae others as might be, many of them sad figures of misery, sunken-eyed, wrinkled, hollow cheeked, weak of limb and dull of eye, but with clean linen and clothes that had been brushed in honour of the Sabbath. The deaths had decreased in the previous month, and October had come in with an almost hope ful bill of health, the grim conqueror having been content so far with only one or two victims a day. On this Sunday it was noted that two days had elapsed witboot a death, thoagb not without fresh attacks. The Bector was therefore justified in the emphatic words of confidence in which he expressed his belief that they bad seen the worst days of the terror, that indeed God had at last hearkened to their prayers. There was one in the congregation whose heart for a moment hardened at this acknowledgment of God'n tardy recognition of the hourly supplications of the people; but he caught the angelic expression of hope in Mary Talbot's face, the almost joyful look that came into her eyes, and be put away from him the arrogutt thought, and joined in the hymn the preacher gave our. Bat it was a weak and mournful vocal effort that the congregation made. It came to an end with something like a eob, as, one after the other, they observed the unavailing way in which tfae Bector tried to suppress his emotion. Those nearest the extempore pulpit, that Clegg had made for him against the cottage door, wept with him as the great tears coaraed down his cheeks ; for the hymn was a favou.ite with bis wife, and he had selected it on that account, bnt had not been able to withstand the pathetic remembrance of her death. It was at this unhappy moment that ilftry Talbot to be gazing intently into the distance. Other eyes followed the direction in which she H'as looking. Then, gradually, one after another, the congregation, as if glad of an excuse to turn away from the suffering recover his composure, bent forward towards the glee. After a little while they saw a figure coming towards the village outpost of the cordon ; a figure that appeared to all of on with an uplifted arm, %nd strangely attired, as it seemed, in a long trailing robe, that imagination extended into the shadow that followed it- The sun appeared to meet the figure and give it a halo. Many thought it was Christ, and fell down and worshipped. The Rector saw it last, for his eyes had been dimmed with tears ; and he was greatly moved. Arrived at the post of observation, they saw the sentinel come forth and warn the stranger, raising his arms forbidingly, but the figure came on, and now they saw th&t; in its uplifted hand it carried a. cross ; and many of the people called oat with a loud voice, ' It is a prophet !' And Mrs. Clegg eaid. It is God's messenger to stay the Plague.' When tue Btrauger from the outer world stood before the sentinel, the guardian of the pass that led upwards to the village bowed before him, and the visitor passed into the white cleft in the rocks and ascended, dis appearing now and then, after the manner of the Italian procession which Clegg and his mother bad watched in the happy days of Eyam. On a nearer view, the visitor pre sented a figure of much dignity of carriage, and the cross that he raised aloft was clearly seen. And every bouI o£ that grim congrega tion felt that their visitant was of God, and that a miracle was about to be performed. The sudden flush of hope in their hearts already straightened the backs of many that were bent, and brought colour once more to their cheeks and lips. At last, when the utranger entered into the presence of the congregation, none of them knew him for the clean -shaven, academic, priest-like EtoabilUe of the Old Halt This man wore a beard that was prematurely gray. His hair hung in a heavy mass about bis face and neck. His eyes were sunken deep into their cavernous sockets. His face was long and thin ; his nose bony and prominent. It, might have been the countenance of a hermit who had mortified his flesh ; and yet his eyes were bright, and he carried himself with a certain uprightness and strength that were in marked contrast with his ascetic features. This might, however, have been only the temporary success of the supreme effort he was making to take upon himself afresh, and with physical dignity in their presence, the great burden of his sin. *' Nay, rise up,' he said to many who had flung themselves upon their knees before him, regarding him as a divine being sent of -iod ; ' 'us I must kneeL I am uot what ye He spoke with a foreign accent, that sounded to Mary Talbot like a baleful echo of the past. ' Four warder at the gate has cold me what £ had really learned among yonder hills and in. the villages of the silent valleys. I know that Eyam has been smitten with the pltgue, and that this open glade is to-day your place of worship. I came to seek ye assembled in yonr church, not to bring this cross as a revelation to you, for I have knowledge that Christ is no Btrauger in Eyam, though, in His supreme wisdom. God has laid a heavy burdea upon yoa ; but I come with the dagger of pdSBion and revenge as an emblem of penitence and hope.' Then they saw that the cross which be carried was a dagger reversed, the blade in his hand, the jewelled hilt of it raised as a cross. And Mary Talbot now knew the voice that had joined her hands with ZUetto and blessed them. She shrank back to the side of Reuben Clegg, who put oat his arm and supported her, unconscious of the revelation of the man, but thrilling with a happiness he did not check. When she recovered from her emotion sufficiently to stand alone she still leaned upon him, and he took her hand and held it. 'I am thit Bernardo Bonbillac whom ye knew, he of the Old Hall, he who rewarded your hospitality with iagr&titude; and crime.' Sir George Talbot and the Rector stood disappointment went up from the people. 'I am here to seek the peace which so many of your brethren have found, doing penance for the sin I committed against you and the Holy Church of whiih I am so un worthy a Bon, and from which I am an outcast until ye have heard me ; and then, by the merciful grace of Him who died to save all siuDera I may hope to be taken back again into the fold, and pass away in peace. Twas I who, sacrilegiously taking upon myself the office of the good Father Costelli, performed the celebration of marriage between Mary Talbot and Giovanni Ziletto !™ As if the confession had broken his heart he staggered backwards, and was caught in the arms of Master Longstaffe. The cross fell from his hand. Sir George Talbot picked it up. But Roubillac staggered to his feet, and pnt out his band for it ; and Sir George gave it back to him. As he stood forward again the penitent's vest was open, and it was seen that his breast was bare — he wore only the coarsest of raiment. *'I have but completed half the penance, which I undertook by order of Lorenzo, the friend of Father Costelti ; to come unto you by sea and hind, without scrip or purse, a beggar by the way, and declare my eins unto yon, whom I have bo grievously wronged. The hand that stretched oat from the darkness, on that fatal night of the meeting of Ziletto and Clegg, was mine.' A shudder passed through the assemblage. Reuben Clegg, loosing Mary's hand, stepped forward with a cry of joy. Sir George laid his hand upon, bis arm. and restrained him. ' The hand that struck Ziletto down was my hand ; the voice that cursed him as he fell was my voice ; yet I bad the heart to sit by &&d; see your fellow- citizen condemed to Once more Roubillac staggered back, and was held up from falling by Master Longstaffe, who, perceiving that he was likely to faint, untied the remaining strain o f bis vest and called for water ; but ere long anyone had stirred, Loogstafie, turning a face full of terror towards the congregation, that bad by this time gathered around him and the pent tent, cried, with a load voice, ' Back ! He is smitten ; the purple sign is upon him !' And even as he spoke, the people drew away from him and fled, only Sir George, the Rector, Clegg, his -nother, and Mary Talbot remaining ; and they, Reuben Clegg alone excepted, shrank from Longstaffe aud the sufferer for a moment with fear and ab horrence. Longstaffe was a brave man. He had faced the perils of infection with a stout heart, and had closed the eyes of many a dead friend and relative ; but a sudden panic of fear seized him, whereupon Reuben Clegg strode forward with a firm tread, and taking straightway into his mother's cottage. Before the penitent gave up the ghost. Sir George Talbot and the Rector took down the dying deposition of his guilt ; aod, as he passed away, the Rector prayed over him and held the cross of hope and promise before his eyes, for, he said, ' God ia no respecter of persons. To Protestant atid Catholic alike, to Presbyterian and Orthodox Churchman, to every man who believes in Christ Jesus our Lord, the Cross is the talisnidn of Salvation.' As he spoke tbere came oat of heaven a cleansing wind ; and from that day the plague was stayed. When Spring came again, they dressed their Wells and hung their church with garlands, dedicated to their martys ; and in the Autumn they celebrtaed their Wake with a gentle rth? becoming mirth i bnt never again, in all the years that have passed since the advent of their Italian guests, has Eyam renewed the cheerfulness of her former state. To this day a cloud veils her beauty, and the monuments of her martyrdom challenge the pity of the traveller and recall to the people the story of her woes. In the descendants of Reuben and Mary Clegg, however, the High Peak Hundred loses none of the pious courage that has covered the mountain village with a pathetic and undying fame, [The Ekd.] 