ODDS AND ENDS. There is a macadamized road in India 1,600 miles in length. The land covered by new houses in Greater London every year is lJUS acres. The greatest length of England and Scotland, north and south, is about (508 miles. It is stated that the healthiest children in the world dwell in the Scottish Highlands. About ll,000,0u0 yards of tweed alone are used yearly in clothing the male population in Londion. Six thousand persons have visited Carlyle's house at Chelsea since it was opened to the public in July, 1S95. It is a somewhat curious fact that the weight of eggs is materially greater in northern than in southern climates. During IS!)!! the Royal Humane Society rewarded 507 persons for saving 517 lives and attempting to save others. A medical paper estimates that £230,000 worth of medicine is annually distributed gratis at British dispensaries. On December 10, 1825, 770 Banks stopped payment. The Bank of England's credit was saved by the timely issue of"£l-notes. The annual increase of the German nation during the last five yeare has been more than five times as much as that of the French. Great Brisain broke its record for shipbuilding in 189(5, the number of tons launched being 1,320.822, as against l.lal>,571 tons in 1895. Parisian street pedlars are now selling, trained toads that climb little ladders and dive into waier. The toads cost about 9d. each. Proof.—The Youth (sceptically)—"Qan you keep a secret''" The Maid (convincingly)— " Just let me tell vou-some of the secrets I am keeping." . English women as a rule are taller than their American sisters, and the Yankee .ladies in their turn can look down at the gentler sex in France. Telegraph wires will last for forty years near the seashore. In the manufacturing districts the same wires last only ten years, and sometimes less. At t he present rate of growth of population, France will onlvhave 40,000,000 at atime when Germanv will have reached 100,000,000, and Russia 200,000,000. . St. Petersburg has a population of a million and a quarter, Moscow just under one million, i Nineteen othor Russian towns are returned at. j a hundred thousand. The interior of tho eye has been successfully photographed in two seconds. In this way the progress of disease or recovery can be measured by actual pictures of the retina. . Perhaps as fine an autograph album as exists is the visitors' book at Qawarden, wherein the names of Mr. Gladstone's gue6ts are. recorded. It contains entries as fat. back aa 1S60. . A London bottle-washer died, at-his work.- He resided in a terribly dirty room in the Borough, which, on being searched, was found to contain bankbooks and gold representing £1,527. If the temperature of the arnipit • or the part under the tongue falls below 96° the patient must be in a.state of collapse, while anything over 110° has rarely been reached in the worst of fevers. ' • The striking uniformity of size among the Japanese is shown by the fact that recent measurements taken of an infantry regiment showed no variations exceeding2 in. in height or 20 lb. in weight. Xo matter how strongly a man asserts that he doesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to grab him from behind. There isn't a vestige of cork about. a cork leg apart from the name, and that arises from the fact that nearly all the great manufacturers of such articles used to live in Corkstreet, Piccadilly, London. Berlin pays a salary to a professional birdcatcher, who keeps scientific-and educational institutions- supplied with birds,. birds' nests, and eggs, and he is the only man in the Empire permitted to do so. Switzerland has the largest army of any nation in Europe in proportion' to its population No standing army is permitted by law, but all the citizens are liable 'to serve, and in turn undergo annual military training. At present it is estimated that there are in" the world's oceans 7,000,000 cabic.miles of salt, and the most astonishing thing about it is that if all this salt could be taken out in a moment, the level of the water would not drop one single inch. The King of Siam has an' income of about two millions a year. His royal palace is populated by about 5,000 people, and is a little city n itself. The ornamental grounds comprise 25 acres, and are surrounded by a wall 12 ft. high. ' " Another Chinese giant has been discovered. Like bis predecessor, his name is Chang, and he lives^at Yunan Foo, in China, where two cycling tourists from the West—'Mr. and 'llrs. H. D. Mcllwraith—came across, him recently. Chang is 7 ft. 9 in. high.' The most curious thing about the butterfly is the size of the case from which the insect proceeds compared with the size of the insect's body. The case is rarely, more than 1 in. long and 4" in thickness; the butterfly covers a surface of nearly 4 in. square.' Perhaps the most splendidly decorated Church in England is that of Whitney Court, Worcestershire., It is entirely constructed of whito marble; the pews are chastely carved, and the pulpit is of genuine Carrara marble, richly panelled with precious stones. A Sepoy regiment will out-walk any European regiment, and do it on food which their competitors would pronounce wholly insufficient to sustain vigorous life.' They invariably take, off their boots and socks, and sling them across their shoulders while on the march. The origin of the phrase "at sixes and sevens," meaning "at variance,"-is probably traceable to the fact that- if yen write the numerals they all agree in height until you come to six and seven, the former'of which goes above the others and the latter below them. The postal card that, required fifteen years to travel !)9 miles breaks the record for slow postal delivery. It was posted in Leceister in June, 1SS1, and has just been received in London. The address was plainly written on the card, said no ono knows where it has been all this time. Connected with tho Manchester Free Libraries; two remarkable statements are made on the highest authority., The first is hat 1,000,000 books are issued from tho libraries annually, and the second is that 40s. covers the careless or wilful damage. This is high praise of the Manchester people. The Chinese settlers on • the Island of Sumatra have a strange and ludicrous form of salutation. When they meet each other, say, after an absence of a month or longer, they do not shake each other's hand; they smile broadly, and each grasps his own hand, shaking it vigorously for a few moments. The Confederate War in the United States was one of the most terrible on record. The total number of troops engaged on the Union side was approximately 2,200,000. Tho number killed inaction throughout the entire war was 1X0,070, or a shade Jover 5 per cent; that is to say, the soldier enlisted with a twenty to one chance of bis coming home alive. A curious instance of hairbreadth escapes recorded with the explosion of a steamship Monmouthshire dry docks. Two men who standing on the quay at the time of .the were lifted bodily off .their feet, carried some distance, and hurled to . the bottom the adiaceut graving-dock, where they found themselves standing side by side uninjured. ... Russia's penal statistics show, according to Woman's Sinnal, that in the dominions of the Czar the women criminals outnumber the men by nearly 50 percent., just the contrary being the case in other countries. .Most of the women criminals are unmarried, and the majority come from the labouring classes in the big cities. Most people of to-day only know Ceylon as an island inhabited by a rather effeminate race, the Singhalese, where the industries of tea and coffee planting have' gone through, various vicissitudes; and but few realize that the Singhalese were once a powerful people, and that their cities and temples rivalled in splendour the greatest buildings of the Eastern world. In a London street on one occasion Professor Garner, tho student of monkey literature. made overtures to an organ-grinder's monkey. When the Professor first approached the monkev ran away and showed his teeth. Then Mr. Garner used a monkey word. The monkey distinctly repeated it, and at once came to him and perched upon his shoulders with sicrns of affectionate regard. When the flashlight of a submarine camera was burned recently in the Mediterranean, crowds of fish, with their wide-staring eves, were instantly pictured on the sensitive plate. Photographs of submarine forests are startlintrly novel. Seaweed makes an altogether different appearance when seen in its natural element from that which it presents when seen floating on the surface or driven up on the beach. A diner-out. who has had more than his share of the w ine, is carefully feeling bis way home at night, when he unfortunately stumbles against the circular railing which surrounds a statue. After having gone round it about seven times, the hopelessness <jf the situation flashes upon him with vividness, and he sinks down upon the pavement outside with a despairing shriek—"The"scoundrels! They've shut me in hero!" Few people have any idea of the enormous amount of material used in tho largest of the modern high buildings. Not long ago an elaborate calculation was made as to what could be done in tire way of building a small town with the material used in one of the largest structures in London, - and' it was found that there was enough material put into that one building to furnish' houses, stores, churches, shops, and a public hall for a village of 1,000 people 