LITERATURE. IMAGINATIVE HISTORY.* Probably many of us have curiously re flected how little we really know of those in cidents in the inner life of courts which have made history. We cannot be absolutely certain that we know anything. Contem porary diplomacy is rich in secrets, which we intuitively feel remain secrets, despite the explanations put forward officially for public consumption. For example, few people outside the corps diplomatique! would have the assurance to assert posi-! tively that they have the true key to the i tragedy at the Meyerling chateau a few j years back. The story how and why the j Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria met his death has been told so variously that it is almost safe to declare it has never been told at all. Which of us, again, is truly ac quainted with the details of Prince Bis marck's fall; which of us can entirely under stand the abrupt exit of Prince Alexander from Bulgaria at the zenith of his popu larity and military renown; which oi us is quite conversant with the in trigues which ousted MacMahon and Grevy successively froln the presiden tial chair of Trance; which of ub can contradict any romantic etory which may be appended to the account Mr. Fre derick Greenwood has already published of the purchase of the Suez Canal shares by t coup de theatre? It is this popular ignorance which Mr. Allen Upward skilfully plays upon in the semi-serious romances he entitles "Secrets of the Courts of Europe." He introduces to us a French ambassador, who has been ; in his day accredited to many courts, and who beneath an affectation of severe re- serve, is really as garrulous a person as the flaneur could desire to meet. The simplest challenge will suffice to "draw" him. "Is there a secret history of Europe to write ?" he is asked. "Without doubt. Only the other day, after more than twenty years' silence, Prince von Bismarck let the world into the secret of his telegram which precipitated the franco-German war. Contemporary history is full of similar episodes, which never find their way to the ears of that good Baron Reuter. Rest assured," continued His Ex- cellency with severity, "that the blatant dogmatism of the press on these subjects is only equalled by its truly pathetic ignor- ance." We have here the keynote of this series of pretended revelations, of which it may at least be said that they are surprisingly ingenious, nnd piquantly told. Some have a curious relevancy to contemporary events in the diplomatic world; for example, that which professes to lay bare the true circum stances of Prince Bismarck's retirement from office seven years ago. A projected Agreement by which Germany and France Were to sink their animosities for the mo> toent, in order to make common cause against Great Britain, confronts us in this narrative at the very moment when rumours of the failure of the German Emperor to engineer an anti-British coalition are in the air. The ambassador's story, however, re- presents the conspiracy as a simple ruse de- vised by the German Chancellor in order to coerce England into the Triple Alliance. It opens with a richly humorous reference to our nation by the French raconteur : — "You, my friend, are well aware that I do not share in the general feeling of my fellow-countrymen towards Great Britain. On the contrary, I lament the hatred with which your nation has pursued us ever since their defeat at Waterloo." "Defeat ! M. l'Ambassadeur ?" I ventured to interject. "Defeat, without doubt," returned his Ex- cellency with firmness. "Do you pretend that if the Prussians had not arrived a single one of your countrymen would have been left alive." In this fanciful narrative we are shown the Iron Chancellor elaborating his coup entirely without the knowledge of his Im- master. He begins, thwugh the Ger S' A^c,t8»mi?,e Of Snropt: Confluences man Ambassador in Paris, by inviting the French Foreign Minister to more Iricndly relations, and offering to co-operate with i ranee in any scheme she chooses to indi- cate as the price of her definite abandon- ment of Alsace- Lorraine. The French statesman fixes upon Egypt, and is then cunningly induced to draft a written pro- posal for an offensive alliance with Ger- many in order to compel England to evacuate that country. With this docu- ment in his possession, Bismarck turns to the British Ambassador in Berlin, inform ing him of the French proposal, and de claring that it will be accepted unless with in a week England joinB the central Euro- pean Alliance, and undertakes to euipl y her navy in a blockade of the French coast. Then it is France which is threatened, and which can only be saved by reclaiming the compromising document. This the narra- tor achieves by strategically tampering with Bismarck's despatch-box in the presence of the Kaiser. He proves to His Majesty that the masterful Chancellor has bten carrying on negotiations entirely without Imperial authority, and has the gratification of as- sisting at the utter discomfiture of the statesman who had welded Germany into an empire. This is merely a story woven of materials which might conceivably be facts, but which we recognise nevertheless as being wholly fiction. In other essays the author boldly utilises certain passages of history, but wreaths around them a romance. Such a method is applied to the tragic episode of the Archduke Ru- dolf's death. It is perfectly true that the Empress of Austria is an ac- complished horsewoman, and passionately fond of hunting. It is also true that she has more than once visited England in strict incognito, and it is not impossible that she has gratified her sporting instincts by a run with the hounds in some of the English shires. Mr. Upward accordingly introduces us to Her Majesty at the covert side, but then proceeds to draw upon his imagination. He makes the Empress the victim of ether an impertinence or an in- sult from a certain Baron Magratz, in her suite, which she resents by a smart cut from her riding whip. The Meyerling catastrophe is ingeniously traced to that blow. In Vienna Magratz,seemingly restored to favour, is seen as the guardian of a lovely girl, who has visibly fascinated the Crown Prince. As she is not of Royal blood, his j marriage with her would be morganatic, but I by the Hapsburg statutes it would bar another alliance, and the succession to the j Austro-Hungarian monarchy in the direct line would be lost. The Crown Prince is therefore imperatively ordered by his parents to a neighbouring court, there to seek and obtain the hand of the princess de- signed for him. He obeys sullenly, but treats his young wife with almost brutal coldness-a feature which we know to be unhappily true in the ill-fated prince's his- tory. Magratz, biding his time, still fans the flame of the prince's affection for his own ward. Although she reciprocates the feelings of her Royal lover, she is compul sorily wedded to a noble, who removes her from the Court to his castle in the pro- vinces. Then the vindictive Magratz con- summates the plot which is to revenge by the torture of a mother the blow struck by an empress. He fires the Crown Prince with accounts of the misery of his beloved; he en- tices the girl-wife with stories of the despair of her Royal lover. A tryst between than is arranged at a secluded hunting-lodge ( here is the Meyerling Chateau reproduced ), and when the unhappy couple have met their hiding-place is betrayed to the hus band. The climax is thus related : — "But it would not have suited the Baron's purpose to bring the rivals face to face. The Crown Prince's high rank might have overawed the husband, and the whole af- fair been hushed up. He therefore sent on a secret warning to his victim, manag- ing so that it should reach him too late to afford any chance of escape. In this warn- ing he pretended to the Prince that the elopement was known publicly, and that the Count was coming to take signal ven- geance on both. The resolution thereupon taken by the unhappy lovers is a matter of history. When the deceived Count and his conductor entered the lodge they found the two young people lying dead in each other's arms." That flight of imagination which the author entitles "The Ghost of the Winter Palace " reminds us strangely of a legend to this day, firmly credited by the in- habitants of the Siberian town of Tomsk. Mr. Upward's notion is to picture the late Czar, Alexander IIL, as still Jiving, and as inhabiting a secrct suite of rooms in the vast Winter Palace, where a chance sight of him impresses a page of the Russian Court with a belief that an apparition from the grave is haunting the building. Alexander, who expired a year or two ago at Livadia, in the Crimea, is represented as having gonb through the forms of death and burial in order to escape from the terrors of an existence from which even abdication could not release him. The true government of Russia is declared to be the mysterious secret society Tchin, which includes the whole of the official class, and in whose hands the C»r is often no more than a puppet. The case is put by the suppositi- tious monarch as follows : — "I am not ashamed to confess that from the moment I ascended the bloody throne of Russia, my life was one long haunting agony. Never once did I have an hour of perfect freedom from care. And I could do nothing. I was helpless, a martyr bound to the stake of my autocracy. They prated to me of reforms. You are a man who knows Russia as few men know it, and you can tell me whether the first step in the direction of inform Would pot have drawn down on my bead the vengeance of men, beside whom the Nihilists are bungling apprentices. In justification for this view, the fact is cited that 60 years ago the Grand Duke Con- stantino did deliberately refuse to ascend the throne, which passed to his younger brother, who reigned as Nicholas I. But we do not know whether Mr. Upward has also had in his-mind's eye the strange tradition of Tomsk, referred to above. The hero or this legend is the first Alexander, who helped to overthrow Napoleon's power, but in later years found himself gradually drift ing into complete opposition to the feeling of his people, a victim of plots at home and abroad, and became finally an unnerved and disappointed man. Like Alexander III. he is supposed to have died in the Crimea. The date was 1825. But in the early thirties a monk named Theodore Kuzmitch, who had passed some years of a vagrant life, ap- peared at Tomsk, and lived there in ob- scurity, regarded with affection and reverence by the simple people until his death in 1804. Obstinate credence is to this day given to the theory that Kuzmitch was no other than the ex-Czar, who, like Charles V. of Germany, and Christina of Sweden, had abdicated the throne to be quit of cares and discouragements, and at peace from the strife of tongues. Papers left by the old recluse, and regarded as secret, are said to prove it ; an extraordinary likeness is stated to exist between the portraits of the monarch and the monk ; it is pointed out that after Alexander's alleged death the people were not permitted to pass by end look upon the face of the Emperor as he lay in state, according to custom. Even the professors of Tomsk University are repre- sented as kindly inclined towards this popu- lar fancy. When belief in such a tale sur- vives to-day, the fiction writer can hardly be charged with audacity in elaborating an idea in no sense more improbable. It is gratifying to British pride to find that the only diplomatist by whom Mr. Upward's "ambassador" confesses himselt to have been completely outwitted was the "perfidious Monsieur Disraeli." That astute statesman is portrayed as extracting from the narrator an assurance that it was merely a French commercial syndicate which "was negotiating to acquire the Khedive's canal shares, and that the French Government were not directly interested. No more was needed. Disraeli had the assignment of the shares in his pocket at the moment, and this admission effectually blocked official objections from Paris. It was what our Baron terms a "heartless in- trigue." 