FROM THE MAGAZINES. "Cassell'a Magazine" deals largely in mystery stories. There are several euch in the November number. Two or three of the regular contributors employ their talents in contriving plots into which they fit haunted houses, which are then shown, to be haunted by tricksters and sharpers, not ghosts. Among the general articles is one on "The Gentle Art a£ Buffing." Duff ing is manufacturing antiquities for sale to collectors of euch things. So many false coins, medals, seals, &c.f; are now current that no week goes by without some being ' m | | | brought to the British Museum by innocent persons, who think -they have picked up valuable rarities. In some cases, extant piedals or coins are copied; in othere, ori ginals" are designed and struck. The cleverest work comes from Paris, but a good deal of duffing is carried on in England. "For upwards of sixty years there have issued from some obscure neighbourhood in the vicimty of the London Docks what are known to collectors as the 'Dock Forgeries." These consist of seals, i.e alleged seals, of Edward the Confessor and of William the Conqueror. On one side appears the figure of the king seated on his throne, on the other a figure clad in armour. A date suitable to the time of each monarch is also shown. These forged Beals, which exhibit con siderable skill in design and manufacture, are still coming into the market, and can be bought any day in such neighbourhoods as that of Thames street. Specimens make their appearance at the Museum, in the hands of those who imagine they have picked up a great prize, with unfailing regu larity once or twice a week. Attempts wwc made bv the Society of Antiquaries to find out the forgers some vears ago. The society got so far as to trace pertain seals, which had been offered for sale, to two common dock labourers, but, as they steadily maintained that they had found them, and no fur ther clue was discovered, the matter fell to the ground." Under "Deeds That Live," in "Cassell's Magazine," are told stories of heroism at sea that have won the Stanhope medal--a much-prized reward for bravery, founded in 1871, in memory of Captaiin Chandos Scuda more Stanhope, R.N. Thus are narrated the .circumstances under which the medal was won by Thomas M'Dermott, boat swain of the Swallow, when that cutter was on the Zanzibar station: "The Swallow was cruising off the south end of Zanzibar Island, when a boat was sent to Uzi Island. Several men went ashore to cook supper, and the two left in charge thought the circum stances favourable enough for a bathe. The boat swain was idlv watching their gambols, when he suddenly espied a large shark making for one of the men, and only a few feet away. There was no time to give an alarm; there was time, ii^Xact, for nothing except one desperate thing, and ~c boat swain was the man to do it. With one huge leap he sprang right across the shark and dropped with a terrific splash in the water almost on the top of the fierce monster. The sudden noise alarmed it. With a rush it shot away, and beiore it had time to realise the truth the men were all safe in the boat. This is one oi those .-hark stories which sound extravagant enough for elementary fiction, but it is gospel truth." In the "Leisure Hour" for Xovember, Mi" John Foster Fraser tells how he cycled with a companion across Persia, and how, when at Ispahan, Zili-i-Sultan, the Shah s brother, laughed with delight at their performances. The prince's humour was somewhat of the kind admired by the Mikado in Gilbert and Sullivan's opera " 'Now ride down that path as hard as you can,' he said to me. I did. I wondered why he was nearly having an apoplectic fit from laughing. Then I saw. At the end of the path was a sudden drop. Tight went the brake, and I jumped from the machine. The Zil was disappointed. A broken neck and broken machine would have been so diverting. 'Ah, wonderful!' his Highness said, 'how suddenly you can stop the bicycle!' _ There was one thing that puzzled him. How was it that a bicvele kept on end when it was running, but when" still toppled over? A machine was turned round so that the wheels were in the air. The fore wheel was given a spin, and it ran for seven minutes. That also was curious. He could not comprehend the working of ball bearings. Neither could he understand the spirit which prompted us to cycle in foreign countries. 'When England is so beautiful a land, why do you want to leave it7 he kept asking. Adventure does not appeal to the Persians." At some of the towns the cyclists were mobbed by curious sightseers. Sometimes, where the news of their eoming preceded them, they were met by mounted escorts, feasted and lionised. At other times, they found the attentions of the inhabitants most inconvenient "At Tabriz we were pursued by a howling mob right through the bazaars. We saw a couple of policemen, or guards, or soldiers, or ruffians, and requested them to show us the way. 'How ninth will vou give us?' was the first thing they asked. And there we had to stand, bargaining what was the price of their civility." Plymouth, a city of 200,000 inhabitants, has an admirable water supply, which was originated upwards of 300 years ago by the celebrated Sir Francis Drake, when mayor of the town. Every history tells how Hawkiivs and Drake were playing bowls on the Hoe when the Armada came in sight, but the water supply facts are probably new to most readers. They appear in the "Leisure Hour" for November, in an article on "Ply mouth, Old and New." Drake was mayor in 1581 "Legend has it that he rode to the spring on Dartmoor, and said a few magical words over it, 60 that it followed his black horse's heels into Plymouth; fact has it that he was up on Dart moor for weeks working away with levels and other instruments, choosing the necessarily cir cuitous route of the channel from the river Meavy at Sheepstor, by which with much labour he led it into Plymouth. From Sheepstor to Plymouth as the crow flies is about seven miles. Drake's 'leat,' which is an open channel, has to run about forty; no wonder that he was so delighted at his success that he dipped his scarlet gown into water when it flowed past his ovm door. Plymouth has been the possessor of its water supply from that day to this, and three hundred years ago it founded its 'fyshynge feast' in honour of the event which is still its great municipal festivity during the year. On that day the corporation drive out to the sources of the supply to survey the leat, and there, partaking of a banquet served in the open air, drink to the pious memory ofr-Sir Francis, the toast being a formula which -never changes: 'May the descendants of him who brought us water never want for wine.' " The revenue derived by the municipality > from Drake's water 6L-heme now amounts to £20,000 a year. ; "My. Richard Harding Davis, who 6a.w ! service a£ Bpecial correspondent in the very recent Greco-Turkish war, describes some of hie experiences in "Harper's Magazine" fop November. The coolness and bravery of a red'headed Greek peasant boy made ; great impression on him .'He was one of the few peasants who had not run away. ftnd as he had driven ^heep over every foot of the hills, lie elected to guide the soldiers IhKmzh.. those places where they were best pro ^Jmotedfroni the bullets of the enemy. He did JEjaljl Jay, and was,always, whether coming or unto- ft heavy fire; but he enjoyed that fcStid ije seemed to regard the battle only M 'a delightful change in the quiet routine of his life laSaefit our own countiy boys at home would, coming of the spring circus, or the a neighbour's harp. . He ran dancing ^fhS&cit;^tu, pointing No where a ledge of rock, visitors to his state. When a shell broke he would pick-up a piece and present it to the officer in charge, as though it were a flower he had plucked from His own garden, and which he wanted nisi guest to cariy away with him.as a souvenir of his visit. - Someone aaked the- boy if ..his father and mother knew where he was," and hfe" replied with Amusement that they had run away ana de serted him, -and that he had remained because he wished to look at a Turkish army.'' An " In Memoriam" by Mark Twain ap peal's in "Harper's Magazine" for Novem ber. He attempts blank verse iti memory of his daughter, Olivia Susan Clemens, aged 24, who died at Lucerne in August, 1896, and attaches his initials, S-L.C., instead of the usual signature, which would be inappro priate under the sad circumstances of the case. The lines show that Mark Twain, like all true humorists, has his deep feelings: They embody a touching idea. In a fair valley long ago there stood a temple. The dwell ere in the hamlet, and they alone Knew the secret spot where one must stand They knew the' surest' hour, the proper slant of sun To gather in, unmarred, undimmod, The vision of the fane in all its fairy grace, A fainting' dream against the opal sky. And more than this. They knew That in the temple's inmost place a spirit dwelt, Made all of light! For glimpses of it they had caught Beyond the curtains when the priests That served the altar came and went. All this was long ago-so long ago! The light burned on; and thev th3t worship'd it. And they that caught its flesh at intervals and held it dear, Contented lived in its secure possession. Ah, How long ago it was! So runs the verse to the extent of a page and a half, till this ending is reached So long ago it was, That from the memory of the hamlet-folk the Light has passed They scarce believing, now, that once it was, Or if believing, yet not missing it, And reconciled to have it gone. Not so the priests! Oh, not so The stricken ones that served it day and night, Adoring it, abiding in the healing of its peace; They stand, yet, where erst they stood Speechless in that dim morning long ago; And still they gaze, as then they gazed, And murmur, "It will come again; It knows our pain-it knows-it knows Ah, surely it will come again. The workmanship of the literary artist is self-evident, and the comparison beauti ful. The only thing wanting is verbal melody. Many a time has the great humorist jested at music aiid its mighty harmonies. Music and poetry are kindred arts, and you must have a fine ear for the one in order to succeed as a songster in the other. The effect produced is that which would have been attained by printing the piece as prose-such prose as appears here and there in ^"puj-jple patches" in the writings of most masters of English From the Religious Tract Society we have received the November issues of their magazines and journals, "Sunday at Home," "Sunday Hours," Boys' Own Paper," "Girls' Own Paper," &c.;, publications which are to be commended for the pleasant reading and entertaining facts and fiction they overflow with. 