O RIG IN A L SH O RT STORY. HE RUSSIANS SKULL, Written fo r the Tatmanuzn News. [B y B.O.H.] On the day after the famous battle of Inkermsn an Bngliah captain walking over the field came npon the body of a Russian officer lying in one of the little cares which form a peculiarity of the side of the mount facing the Victoria Ridge. - The body was transfixed with a bayonet, and the head, completely severed, lay a few feet away. With some difficulty he drew out the bayonet and nobuttoning the heavy coat, discovered a small charm suspended by a chain round the neck of the dead man. He quickly slipped the chain, with its unique guometol a harm, embossed with figures of the Virgin and Child over the remnant of neck, and then proceeded to examine the disjointed head. I t had a singular beauty, a noble and brave expression, with a slight smile. An uncontrollable impulse made Captain Bourchier place tbe head inside his handkerchief and take it and tbe bayonet back with him to camp. There he was met by Tim, his Irish soldier servant. By this time the first feeling had worn off, and the problem of the utility of his prise had arisen in the mind of Boutcbier. “ Here, Tim, is a handsome Russian head. Poor fellow l I should like keep it, for I pity hi Tim, take it away.’' Tim did as he w ta told. He took it away, handkerehief and all, and Bourchier after a little more examination of tbe peculiarly fine gold chain and the roughly-embossed charm, one of many, which tbe Russians wore as n protection from sudden death, pet both tbe charm and the bayonet at the bottom of his trank. Two days later Tim suddenly presented himself with a small bundle id a handkerchief. “ Beg pardon, sir,” raid Tim, saluting, but I've claned it, sir, and here it is, r." Bouchier, with a fear instantly arising from an nnconscious connection between the bundle he had carried and the one Tim produced, ejaculated, " W hat is it P” “ The head, sir, the bead of tbe Russian, sir, you said you'd like to keep it and sura, sir, I biled it, and biled it, until now its clane and swate as anew i/' " Good God, man, I did not tell you to do (hat. Take it away and bnry it. Take it awsy, I say— ” • “ Beg pardon, sir, b ut I'll not be long wid ye. sir—I feel in my bones that I ’ll be with tbe dead in (he next fight, and, if you don't mind, sir, ae its clane and swate now, if ya'il lave it a one.side and keep it in memory of yonr onld servant, I ’ll be takin' it as a favor, sir— ” ; “ No, Tim, bnry i t ; I cannot keep it is too awful.” “ If you plsee, air. I'll bury it this afternoon. Yon gave m e lave for a oonple of hours, sir, and when I come :k I'll bury it, to place you, sir, but it goes agin me to do it.” Bourchier said nothing, and Tim, tying tbe whitened skull up again, put it in a corner out of eight, and, saluting, {eft his master's preeenoe. Tim was not seen alive again by Bourchier, for during his two hoars leave he and a fellow townsman in the same regiment managed to get along way beyond the lines, lured on by eatable berries which grew in profusion in the place to which they had strayed, Suddenly the bang of a rifle sounded, and Pat looked up only in time to see Tim jump into the air and fall forward. Instantly Fat lifted him, bnt the bullet was in tbe centre of his forehead. For one moment P a t was dazed, when the ping of a bullet close to his ear recalled him to bis senses, and hoisting Tim on his back, with the notion that he should not leave bis companion to tbe Bnssians, he started on bis long return journey. Two or three ballets whizzed past him, and indeed he seemed to feel the thud of more than one, accounted for afterwards by tbe fact of three bring found in Tim's body, which had really acted as a friend, even in death.' Pat'e undertaking was do light one. Many rests he had to take, bnt when lie regained tbe Englicb lines, examination showed that Tim was past caring for, and his body was kept there for bnrial. Tim, in one hand, still gripped a mass of the blackberries, tbe juice having a horrid realism to blood as it streamed aver his knuckles and dripped os his clothes. Fat, being the survivor, came in for a severe reprimand, but because of bis grief at 1 im’s death, no inrther punishment was awarded, and the next day Captain Bourchier and F at were present at the burial of Tim. Almost as a natural consequence, Fat became Captain Bourchier'* servant, and in moving the things in this officer's tent be found the bead. “ W hat'll I do with this, sir?” asked Pat. “ Tgke it out and bury it,” said Boor* cbier. “ Stay, give it to me.” Going to his trunk, he made room for the skull and carefully stewed it away Tbe change of order was brought about in Bourchier'e mind by the remembrance of Tim's last words to him, in which he foretold his own immediate death and asked his master to keep it in memory of him, and, as he fcuokled the strap of the trank, be said to himself— “ I will keep it, and where I go, it shall no." II. In the year 1871, Bourchier was quartered in Sydney, in charge of the Commissariat Department, and from his own Jipa I heard the foregoing history of the skull, which, hanging in the bedroom in his private house, had often aroused my onriosity. I t hung against a small square board, whiob was covered black velvet, and on tbe forehead of the skull was written in ink browned with age!— Found in the Islcerman Care* Ctb November, x864, And kept in memory of my Faithful and beloved servant, Tim, Shot on the 8i-h November, 1864. I m i in!lhe OommiBi.ri.t departm ent at this time, and we were very busy winding up the establishment, abiiping stores, and-packing boxes to be sent to the W ar ,(Rice, and transferring the Imperial pensioners to the various Australian Governments. Pressure of work beoame so great a t last, towards the end of the year, that the chief and myself took up quarters over the office, which was part of that very plain bnt substantial old building, erected by Governor Macquarie in 1810, on the west aide of tbe Circular Quay, Sydney. Bourchier, wbo had presented me with the bayonet and the charm, brought the skull down to hie temporary bedroom and bang it over the Imante) piece. M y room was „•upstairs , and faeed George street, a street lamp there giving me a mild illumination all n ig h t; Bourohier’s was diagonally across a passage opposite to mine and looked over the quay. Below in the basement alept the oaretaker and his wife. B e was also the messenger, and bad seen service ie of tbe Irish regiments. One night the chief and myself had been working late. We retired about 12 o'clock, and I could not have been long leap when I was aroused by a knock at my door. “ Oome in,” I called out, for the light was ample to see anyone. Tbe only answer was three knocks. Again I called, *l Oome in .” Three knocks more. Then I lit the candle and got out of bed, and I had no sooner done so, then there were three further knocks. I opened the door immediately, but there was nothing to be arm . A m J stood wondering and looking up the passage Bourobier's door opened, and be looked out. W bat are you knorking at my door for P” he said. ‘I did sot, but someone knocked a good many times at mine.” Bourchier, with evident anger, aooused e of playing a practical joke on him, which of course I denied, and, while we were thus arguing, the whole of tbe windows in the immenve building seemed to shake and rattle It wa« like an earthquake. I t was not caused by wind, for I opened a window at once and looked ont, and tbe night was a beautiful one Then followed a series of high shrieks from the lower floor, and on that came the voioe of Dan, tbe caretaker. “ Ab, let me get at yer, ye divil, jist l me see yer and I ’ll put a hole in yer this minute ” More shrieks, which I could now trace to Dan's wife, with a few oaths and threats from Dan, and, thinking that the pair had quarrelled, L went to the top of the stairs followed by Bourchier, each of i carrying a lighted candle. At the foot of the stairs was Dan in his night shirt, clutching his old rifle, and calling on somebody to come out and be shot. “ Dan," I said, “ are you drunk, or what is tbe matter P” ” Divil a bit of me drunk, but I'll not stop in this place another blessed night.” “ Why, what i* the matter P- “ Matter enough; share, he came to my door, and says he, 'G ive me, me kail! Give me, me skulll’*’ " W hat are yon talking about, man?” said the chief. “ W hat do you mean f “ It's the Rooisian, sir. He came and be knocked on me door three times and said for me to give him bis skull, and he'8 been walking up and down here the whole of the blessed night, and if I could see him just now, divil a skull he'd get, but a bullet. Do ye hear him now?" As Deo stopped talking I could hear footsteps on the stairs, bat could see nothing. Tbe steps were heavy and steady, aod they came on towards us. Bourchier and I intuitively parted to allow the invisible one to walk between vbicb it apparently did, end seemed to go on along the passage. Then the door of Bonrcbier's room opened, as we looked at it, and closed again. For a moment we blood and gaeed at' each other puzzled. Then I called out to Dan to go to bed and be quiet, and he went off muttering to the f-fieclthatheor tbe skull must leave tbe place. Again tbe door opened, and the footsteps of Lhe “ invisible ” passed between us and proceeded down the stairs. Having reached the bottom a similar aoand to tbs previous rattling of all the windows ih (he boilding took place, and then there was a crash in what I judged to be the office downstairs. I at once ran down with the candle to see Swhat it was, and found the large, glass water bottle in fragments on tbe floor of the office, and the water runniog in all directions. This bottle usually stood on a wide mantelpiece fully twelve feet from where it was smashed, which was in tbe middle of a large clear space. Having returned, and reported to Bourchier, we together entered his room. This is a most exlrtoiumary occurence,” said h e; “ and I half believe there is some bssis for it, for years ago I had a ghost after that skull, but I'll tell yon about that another time. I don't care to sleep alone, so bring your clothes over and torn in on the stretcher.” This was a spare barrack bedstead in the opposite corner of bis room, and I took advantage of it at once. For a few minute 8 after putting the light out we talked aoross the room and iben his voice ceasing, I conjectured be was asleep. I had been awake for aboot half-an* hour thinking over the curious events just happened, when a strange sound again put me on the alert, and before I could light my caudle, Boucher had lit his. As he stood in front of the light I could see a peculiar expression in his eyes and face, and knew from past experience that he was asleep, for he had been a somoambalist for years, and in tbe Orimea bad on one occasion nearly been shot through not answering the challenge of a sentry. So I Was content simply to watch him i qw aod see what he wonld do His eyes bad the singular fixed, glassy, and sightless eppearsnee peculiar to somnambulists. As he looked round tbe room he seemed to settle on me as the object of attention. He crOBsed over and I laid back iu bed. He leaned over me and then seised me by the ibroat, but I quickly got my fingers in between his, or tbe grip and twist be gave them wonld oertaioly have been serious bad my windpipe been in his clutch. Then he let go and moved over to the mantelpiece, got a chair, and look down tne sknll and walked with it to the table’where tbe lighted candle was. .picked the candle up and holding it that tbe light fell on the forehead of tbe skull he readout aloud : "F oundin the lukerman Caves, 6th November, 1864.” Then he stopped, put tbe skull on the table, blew out thelight aod got into bed. Again all was quiefand presently by his snoring I knew lie had passed oat of his somnambulistic into his normal state. bleep did not come to me that night, and as I lay in bed thinking, itsuddenly flashed on me like an inspiration i — "This is tbe 6lb of November, it is Ibe anniversary of the battle.” That is tbe only explanation I offer. 