RELIGIOUS. ' Bishop of Melbourne has been interviewed on the subject of Mr. Labouchere'e championship of the cause of the down-trodden colonially-or- 4 dalned Anglican clergy, to whom English bishops have the arbitrary power of refusing licenses wrthout showing any cause. Bishop Goc admits that English bishops are no doubt strict in dc- mandlngi that colonially-ordained clergy should havo' the full amount of qualification demanded of English clergymen. At the same time, he points out that cases of colonially-ordained clergy seek ing for opportunities of work in England aro very rare. As far as Victoria is concerned, there does not seem to he much cause for complaint, for the Rev. R. Jones, principal of Perry-hall, Bendigo, has lately entered three theological students for the Oxford and Cambridge prelimin ary examination, which is a pathway to ordina tion, and the whole three, Messrs. Grist, Goss, and Smith, have passed with honors. Tho papers are sent out from England, and tho examination is conducted under the supervision of the Rev. Precentor Sutton. The subject of the reiatious of the Church In Great Britain to the colonial clergy will very probably be discussed at the Lambeth Conference, to be held in June next, when 10 out of the 14 bishops of Australia and Tasmania will be in London. . Tho next development in theology, according to tho Rev. Walter Matblson, B.A., will be to wards a clearer conception of the power and work of the Holy Ghost, when the Church "will get out of all the gush that has unfortunately till now surrounded the conception of the opera tion of the Holy Ghost." The New York papers havo taken to publishing what different people wear to church. The family of the richest man in America, All. J. I>. Rocke feller, was' the plainest dressed of the whole crowd on a particular Sunday. Air. Rockefeller, who is widely known in connection with Ills founding of the University of Chicago, has just offered to give £50,000. a little more than half the whole amount, to the American Baptist Alis- sfonary societies on condition that they will extinguish their debt before July 1st. Tho Congregational Union is the most useless body in the whole wide world, because It lias no legislative functions. When I was at college. I remember sonic of us once debated as to what we would do when we became the chairman of tho Congregational Union, and we decided that we would not he chairman. (Laughter.) It Is a most barren honor. ("Oh. oh!") — The Rev. W. Cunliffe Jones, at the Congregational Union conference. Mr. Hall Cable, the novelist, is ecclesiastically of Primitive Methodist origin. His parents were members of tho Primitive Alethodist Church, Peel, Islo of Alan, and when a boy Hall Caine was a scholar in the Sunday School in connec tion therewith. It is said that whenever the novelist visits Peel he does not forgot to own his former connection with the place where his parents worshipped. Judging by the successful anniversary and ro opening of the Sussex-street premises, the Pitt- . street Congregational Church mission settlement promises to become a live centre for social, phil anthropic, and religious work. It is to be worked on the lines of the well-known mission settle ments in England. Provision will sooner or later be made for a girls' club, a home for friendless girls, reading-room, penny bank, and gymnasium. When Alajor M'Kinley was last month inaugu rated President of the United States, the African Alethodist Episcopal Church provided the Bible for the inauguration oath. It was elegantly bound and lined, and suitably inscribed. The case is made of wood native to Greene county, Ohio. It remains as a heirloom in the Presi dent's family. At the request of Alajor and Mrs, M'Kinley no wine or other intoxicants were pro- vided at the inaugural ball. Two of the leading Seventh Day Adventist ministers in South Australia have, according to the "Christian Pioneer," seceded, aud aro con ducting an independent mission. Evangelists A. Baker and G. W. Johnston, of the Central Alethodist Alission, have been ac cepted bv the South Australian Wesleyan Homo Alission "Board, and left Sydney this week for Adelaide. The Weslc-yan ministers who, at the last con ference, were brought under the move-on clause, have been changing circuits during tho past fortnight. They are expected to commence duty in their new circuits to-morrow. The devil has generally been credited with doing the burning, but New York Salvationists have burned the devil — in effigy. "His sorrows," says ail American journal, "will be none the less, tor, like tho phoenix, he can rise from his ashes." , Tho Disciples of -Christ havo purchased tho building of the United Alethodist Free Church In Brisbane. , It is understood that Air. F. V. Pratt, B.A., will, with the approval of the union, accept tho call to tlie pastorate of tho Katoomba Con-' gregational Church. The Wesleyan circuits at Parramatta, Aludgoo, Lewisham, Ashfield, Wallsend and AVaratah, aud Junee havo passed resolutions dissenting from tho action of the conference in disregarding the votes of the people and Church courts "re specting Alethodist union. Tho Rev. R. F. Bechcr. B.A., of Bathurst, has accepted the pastorate of tho Parramatta Congregational Church. Tho anniversary of the Rockdale Congrega tional Church was successfully celebrated on Sunday and Tuesday last. The financial result was about £15. A special Easter praise service is to be held at the I'itt-street Congregational Church to morrow evening. Dr. Clarke, founder of the Christian Endeavor movement, is now in possession of the shoe maker's hammer that was used by William Cary before ho went as a missionary to India. It will be used as a gavel at conventions. Northern Convocation presented ail unedify- Ing spectacle the other day (says an English contemporary) when iapproving of a prayer for the use o£ the Church on June 20, when the Queen completes tho sixtieth year of hor reign. Tho prayer was declared unintelligible by both the Dean of Rlpon and the Archdeacon of Durham. One member complained that tho printer's errors were legion, and intimated Ills wish to move 48 amendments. Tho house agreed to adopt the form, however, subject to tho cqr- rection of all tho typographical errors, and 'that "capital letters would bo inserted where re ference was made to the Almighty." Tho Jewish Feast of the Passover commenced last night, and will be continued until Saturday next. Special services will bo held at the Great Synagogue. The first, wing of the asylum for llio blind at Lewisham, conducted by the Little Company of Alary, will lie opened by Cardinal Aloran to morrow week. To-morrow lining Easter Sunday, the Cardinal will preside at Pontifical l-Iigh Alass at St. Alary's Cathedral, and deliver his sixth Lenten address. The Rev. W. Watt, of tlie Now Hebrides Pres byterian Alission. who arrived in Sydney from Auckland a few days ago, has gone to Melbourne oil a short, visit. To-morrow will bo observed as a day of humi liation and prayer for rain by the Presbyterian Churches throughout the colony. The Salvation Army Soldiers' Council, con ducted by Commandant Booth, in the Goulburn- street barracks, on Wednesday evening, was at tended by close upon 1000 soldiers from tho city and suburbs. Tlie subject of tho comman dant's address was "Loyalty," and tho meeting was of a most enthusiastic nature. The second Sunday after Easter has been fixed upon as the day' for celebrating the silver jubilee of Cardinal Aloran at St. Alary's Catho- dral. In the morning Pontifical High Alass will be celebrated, when the Cardinal will preside, and it Is expected that 20 bishops will assist. The Archbishop of Melbourne will preach tho sermon on the occasion. In the afternoon tho ceremony of presenting the addresses and tributes to the Cardinal will take place. The following day has been fixed as Bishop's Day at the fair, when tho visiting prelates, escorted by the Car dinal, will visit the exhibition. Mrs. Davey, the Salvation Army "special," is to start early in Alay on a two months' tour in the north, when she will champion the cause of the Army's social work, and endeavor to raise funds lor its maintenance and extension. Commandant Booth spent last Thursday ill in specting the Manly industrial farm, and proceeded to Newcastle by the express in the evening. Next week there will be a general exodus of the Salvation Army staff officers from Now South Wales to the other colonies. Brlgndler nnd Mrs. Glover leave for Soutli Australia, Alajor and Airs. Turner, Alajor and Airs. Taylor, and Alajor and Airs. Vincc for Victoria; Staff-eaptain and Mrs. Bennett and Ensign and Airs. Congdon for Now Zealand; and Staff-eaptain and Airs. Cutter for Queensland. ' The Rev. James Blaikie, late of tho Auckland Tabernacle (N.Z.), has accepted tlie call to tho Ilobart Baptist Tabernacle, and will enter on the pastorate after his engagement at Townsvillo terminates. The Presbyterian home mission committee havo made tho following Appointments, to take effect after to- morrow: — Caicoar, Rev. R. E. Hutchison; Eskliank. Rev. W. Gardner; Nyngan. Rev. J. J. Thorp; Sunny Corner, ltev. J. AI. Dudgeon; Wel lington, Rev. George Alilne; Byron Bay, Air. Wil liam Dobliie; Lower Manning, Rev. James White; Picton, Air. James Steele; Newcastle, St. An drew's, Rev. Joint Christie; West Wallsend. Rev. Win. Alackenzie; Forbes, Rev. W. AI. Smith; Parkos, Air. AY. AreC. Inglis; Coouia, Rev. W. A. S. Anderson; Berrigan, All. J. Valentine; Italran- ald. Rev. R. J. Smith; lluy, Rev. AV. Tussle; Aloulamein, All. J. N. AI'Gee; Gunnedah, Rev. AV. AI'Rac; Narrabri, Rev. Lambert Kay; AVulgett, Rev. A. Thain Anderson: Botany. All. 'J. E. Alof- falt; Rosedalc, Air. J. B. Rentoul; Carllugford, Rev. Ch.'is. Crane; Lcichhardt, Rev. D. Fcnwlck; Ilunter-BaiUto, Air. G. Paul; Paddlngton, Rev. J. Milne: Junee, Rev. Jas. Davidson; Tumberumba, Rev. II. E. Tydeman; Grcnfell, Rev. J. D. Alur- roy; Alurrumburrah, Air. A\'. H. Paterson. 