THE MOST OF SEA TALE. ... —A. - "To be let or sold. A well-furnished 12-rooin cottage. Lovely scenery, close to sea. Good fishing. Low rent. Apply agent., Sea Yale, Somerset.'' The above advertisement in a London paper was the talisman which drew us 1o Sea Yale, a quiet watering place 011 the Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated town life; but we had lived in Londou for the sake of the hoys. Their educa tion was now completed, and all being well out of lmnd, there remained no hindrance to my father's modest ambi tion for life in the country, with a bit of fishing to while away the time. The Knoll was a low, irregularly built house, ivy clad, aud nestling at. ihe foot of a iarcli- crowned hill, the slopes of which wore clothed with mossy tui'l, jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink sea thrift, dainty harebells and golden trefoil. In -front of the house was a largo gar den overflowing witli fruit and flowers growing with little regard to order, but presenting a beautiful whole to lovorsof old-fashioned gardening.- Great bush roses, glowing with masses of bloom, sweet Williiains in endless variety, pinks, larkspurs, and quaint-faced pansies grew side by side with fruit trees and vegetables. About a mile beyond the garden lay the channel, of which there was an unbroken view from every n in flow. , The inside of the house proved exceed ingly comfortable, although the en trance was somewhat mean, there being only a small hall, with the foot of the stairs close to the door on one side, and a narrow window on the other. Tins was exactly opposite the dining-room door, exactly opposite the dining- room door, whicli room was of rather unique shape, having an alcove facing the dooi. Had the alcove been at either end or the-room it would have giyen length, bu so placed it seemed meaningless and use less, except for the purpose of keeping out of the way a high, cumbersome, antique cabinet, which otherwise uouit have greatly trespassed on the very limited space. The Knoll was the property of a Mi Marsh, but she had not eared to bye there since the death .cf her husband five years ago. f "The absurdly low rent and the dis- teovery that the Knoll had changed (tenants nine times within five years, (made my father dubious whether this seemingly charming haven of rest might foot prove defective in the matter of Brains or water supply. But he decided Jo take it for six months with the option Of purchase at he end of that time. | We went ip at midsummer, and by ! Christmas were so well satisfied that Hve had fallen upon a bargain ' such as jwe were scarcely likely to again meet an equal that my father was about mak ing arrangements for purchasing, when "an incident occurred which altered our fiesire to possess this picturesque cot- jtage. It was Christmas Eve. All my brothers jwere expected home by the last train. J and my sister, Madge, were putting iup evergreens in the hail. Darkness fell fjpon us before we had completed our task, but the lamp and firelight stream ing from the open door of the dining- room (where Hannah, our one domestic, jwas laying the table in readiness for the travellers) was quite sufficient. Madge, Who was on a step ladder, placing ivy "over the window, suddenly gave a piercing shriek, and fell in a heap on the Boor, covering her eyes as though to tehut out some fearful sight. Hannah rushed out of the dining-room, and in so doing closed the door, after her, which added to the confusion until my father jcame running down stairs with a light . "What upon earth is the matter?" he I exclaimed, as Madge, springing up, throw jbenself into his arms and buried her face pn his shoulder. : "Oh, father," she cried, "1 saw a dreadful old roan at the window. He looked as if he were dead. Is he there mow?" end she shuddered as she clung to him. My father opened the front door, but (nothing could he see but the laurel bush, (which grew close under the window. "There is no one there. You are over lived, Madge." he saidfsomewhat sternly. ''Hannah, take all this rubbish away"— giving the holly a kick as it lay on the (floor— and he led Madge off into the dining-room and poured her out a glass of wine, but she could not be conviuced (that it was her nerves that were at fault "Would you mind staying with me, Mis; Hanley, while I clear up the holly?" paid Hannah. "Why, Hannah?" I laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of the man at the (window ?" - "Ycvs, I am, Miss," she returned in a dogged, way, "and you must please get someone else as soon as you can. I dursu't stay here now that Miss Madge lias seen old Marsh." 1 "Old Marsh! What do you mean?" ' "Why, it was 'im, Miss, sure enough, Bs Miss Madge saw. I was told when I came here that I should never stay be cause of old Marsh's ghost. But I didn't believe in ghosts then, and said I'd risk Eeeiu' 'im anyway; but you see, Miss, it is true enough." "X really do not understand you, Han- faak. "Who is old Marsh?" I "Why, Mrs Marsh's husband, Miss. Ho committed euicide out in the garden there. That is why Mrs Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marsh Comes and looks in at the hall window. He looks just as he did when in his Coffin. I dare not live here, Miss, so please take a month's notice." "Really, Hannah, I am astonished that & woman of your age and sense should believe so impossible a story. I suppose trou have been telling Miss Madge this fllisurd rumor." "No, indeed, Miss, I have not. I prom ised Mr Small, the agent, I wouldn't tell why the other people left, and I 'shouldn't have said a word now if old Marsh hadn't come back." nil' arrival 01 me Doys aismissea iur the time all thought of old Marsh, al though Madge was so timid in passing the ball window at night that I was (Careful to see that the blind was drawn jat dark. The isolated position of the ihouso had hitherto made this seem un necessary. My father and the boys treated her alarm and Hannah's deter mination to leave as a huge joke, until pne uight when I had forgotten to Uraw jth blind, Bernard, my youngest brother, went from the drawing-room, where we all were, to fetch, something from the dining-room. i "Father," he called, "come here (quickly." The sharp ring of terror or pain— we could not tell which — in his Voice made us all follow my father into the hall. "Look," cried Bernard, who, with blanched face, stood midway between the dining-room and the hall window ; is that old Marsh?" ; kere, sure enough, in the upper paid pi the window, we all could distinctly Bee the head and shoulders of an old Bum. The features set, the eyelids jcjoscd. as in the awful stillness of death. £n life it could not have been other than uupleasing face, but with the seal Pi death adding to its coldness and bard- .5t aPPeared positively hideous, fcnii must he a cleverly played trick," said my father, going close up to the glass and peering out. But the cold, ' fae? seemed to mock him, for there laurels in shadowy outline against the Ww11! y-"3 searched around the n,D„„ ' hut nothing could they 6ee or the murmur of the distant sea. Hour after hour we kept going out Into the "hall to see if the shadowy form of the old man were still there. Yes, there it was, and its very immovnbleness added to its horrible fascination. It was long after midnight before we could be per- : suaded to disperse, although father, upon his return from putting out the limits in ! the dining-room, thankfully Informed us | that the horrid face had disappeared. ' "I will fathom this to-morrow," said j he, "or else we will go out of the house at once. I will see the agent and hear what he has to say about this cock-and- bull story Hannah tells." Accordingly next day he went to Sea Yale. The agent allowed that it was reported that The Knoll was haunted, but, said i he, "That, sir, is easily accounted for, because of Mr Marsh destroying himself in the garden facing the house. People ; ai'e always ready to declare a place ! haunted that has been the scene of a I suicide or murder." j " Quite so," agreed my father. "I am no believer in ghosts, but the fact re mains that my daughter, a fortnight ago, j saw the head and shoulders of an old man, apparently dead; and we all saw I the same face last night through the j window. On no account shall I remain 1 at The Kpoli"jialess the affair is cleared j up. yWin'ljwifv jspebd, an evening with I us? /Should thfe4ae,hgain appear you i wilFal? least Joe able t fell us if it re sembles the Mr Mlist?" I Willingly the' aftfiesced ; but though he'odme for' k whole) week no til ing was seerf of -the jipptrition. That the mau tboitghivuis little less than idiots we were well awifltervr" "I think, sir," said he one evening when he rose to go, "you will allow that it is useless my coming out here night after night." " It does seem like it," returned my father, "but come until the end of this week." At this moment Hannah burst into tbe room without ceremony, crying, "Old Marsh! sir, old Marsh!" Quickly we went into the hall, and again were confronted by the cold, shadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting up his arms to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed in hushed, horrified tones: "It is he, sir, it is Mr Marsh!" Explanation there was none. Sleep in that house another night not one of us would. Late though it was, we walked into Sea Vale and took rooms until such time as we could remove our belongings. The agent refused to again undertake the letting of The Knoll. He wrote Mrs Marsh a full account of what he had himself witnessed. The following day brought him a let ter from Mrs Marsh, who commenced by expressing her thankfulness to have .t last discovered the reason why she could not keep a tenant Having no portrait of her husband she had a cast taken af ter death and a bust executed by a well- known sculptor. This bust she felt sure was not a thing strangers would care to have about. Therefore when she let TheKnollfurnished,itwas placed on the top of the oak cabinet facing the dining room door. That it was the reflection of this bust thrown upon the hall win dow she had but little doubt. She re quested the agent to ask my father to go with bim to The Knoll and see for him self. We went that night in a body. No thing could be seen of the bust from tbe floor, but upon climbing to the top of the step Ladder there It was, pushed far back against the wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lamps and went into the hall. There, as before, was the face that had so alarmed us and previous tenants. Upon closing the door it, of course, instantly vanished. We are still living, at our beautiful cottage, and we often congratulate our selves upon the fortunate discovery of an optical illusion, which, upon the re moval of the bust,- happily freed us from t.lie presence of " The Man at the Win- dow."— "Loudon Dramatic News." 