A WONDERFUL WO™MAN; STHE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY BY 3RS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXIII.-(Continued.) "A victim? Well, no, I think not. I am trying to recollect where I have seen 3Ilss Herncastle before." "What !" cried: Lady Dangerfield "you, too? Oh, this Is too much. First Lord Ruysland, then Sir Peter Danger field, now Captain O'Donnell, all are tr.nsflxed at sight of my governess, and lilsist that, dead or alive, they have met her before. Now, where was It you knew her, Captain O'Donnell? Surely not In Algiers?" "Not in Algiers, certainly. Where I have seen her before I cannot tell; seen Sher I have, that .is positive. My mem ,ory for facts and faces may be trusted. And iers is not a face to.be'seen and forgotten, yet just now I cannot plate 'Our waltz, I believe, Lady Cecil," Sexclatmed a gentleman coming up and Ssalaaming before her. It was Squire Talbot. of Morecambe, land Lady Cecil, with a few last smiling ,.words over her white shoulder to the 'chasseur, took his proffered arm and moved away. "How strange," she was thinking, "that Captain O'Donnell should have known her, too! Really, Miss Herncastle is a most mysterious personage. Why is it, I wonder, that she attracts and fascinates me so? It isn't that I like her-I don't; I doubt, I distrust her. Yet I like to look at her, to hear her talk, to wonder about her. How rapt Sir 'Arthur looks! I never succeeded In en chaining him like that. Four hours ago he was on the brink of asking me to be his wife-now he looks as though there were not another woman in the scheme of the universe than Helen Hermcastle. Am I jealous. I wonder ? Do I really want to marry him, after all? -'Am I the coquette they call me?" She smiled bitterly as she looked to Swards them. Squire Tllbot caught that Slook and followed it. "Eh! Quite a flirtation going on there, Scertainly." He was rather obtuse, the Ssquire. "Didn't think Sir Arthur was * much of a lady's man, but gad! to-night he seems- Oh, good heaven!" He stopped short--he stared aghast. Miss Herncastle had lifted her stately head from a book of engravings and turned her face full towards them, and for the first time Squire Talbot saw her. Lady Cecil looked at him, and laughed outright. Amazement, consternation, horror, were actually pictured upon his face. "What! another! Upon my word, the plot thickens rapidly You, too, have known Miss Herncastle, then, in some other and better world? s she destined to strike every gentleman she meets in this sensational manner?" "Miss-what did you call her, -Lady Cecil? Good Heaven! I never saw such a resemblance.- Upon my sacred honor. Lady Cecil, I thought It was a ghost!" "Of course-that's the formula-they all say that. Whose ghost do you take her for, Mr Talbot?" "Katherine Dangerfield, of course poor Katlle. It is-heavens!--t is as like her as-" The squire pulled out his cambric and wiped his flushed and excited face. "I give you my word, I never saw such a resemblance. Except that tils lady has darker hair, and-yes -yes, I think-and is taller and more womanly-she is -" Again the squire paused, his consternation only permit ting disconnacted sentences. "I never ,aw anything like It-never, I give you \--mny honor! -What does.Sir Peter say? SHe must have noticed it, and, gad.! .i can't be pleasant for h!m." S"Sir Peter has been in a collapsed and horrifled state ever since she entered Scarewood. Oh, yes, he sees it-not a doubt of that. Miss Herncastle is like one of Wilkie Collins' novels - the interest intensifies steadily to the end-the.'Man in the Iron Mask' was plain reading compared to her. Really, if she keeps frightening people in this way, I greatly fear Lady Dangerfeld must send her away. A living ghost can't be a pleasant instructress of youth." - S"She does not seem to frighten Sir 'Arthur Tregenna, at least," said Squire Talbot, beginning to recover from his sudden shock. "And so she i, only the Sgoverness. I never saw such a resem blance- never in all my life. What would Edith say, I wonder, if she could see it?" S"Edith?" " My sister, you know-used to be Katherine Dangerfield's bosom friend and confidant-married now, you know -De Vere of the -th, and gone to the South of France for her health. Never saw such a striking resemblance In all my life." .0 And then they whirled away in their .waltz. How strange-how strange ! Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps that was why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one tnterrupted them. It was a most pro nounced flirtation. Even Captain O'Donnell declined the request of his hostess and the earl that he should go up and speak to his friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tete-a-tete. Sir Arthur had become so interested, so absorbed in his companion, and the pictures, as to quite forget the flight of time. Then, \- from an inner room, Cecil saw the tall \- chasseur makes .his way through the crowd and approach. She could even hear his deep, mellow tone : '" Tregenna, my dear fellow, how are you?" Then, with a£ look-of surprise and de light animating his grave face, she saw the Cornish baronet clasp the hand of Sthe Irish soldier of fortune. S- Captain O'Doell on the morrow .- again came over from Castleford in the . grey of the summer evening. Sir Arthur , Tregenna had sought out the chasseur • at a flsailng stream, and the twain re . turned together to dinner. ."You find us alone yet, Captain O'Donnell," said Lady- Dangerfleld. "Cecil has takenito literature, as you see, and is company for no one. I never Sread, Captain O'Donnell; books are all alike-hopelessly stupid nowadays. What is that you have there, Queenie?" SLady Cecil looked up. ." 'Ballads ,of Ireland.' . I came upon SItby chance in the library half an hour -ago. . I am reading Davis' Fontenoy.' SCaptaln O'Donnell, did any of your, an S'cestors fight at the battle of Fonitenoy?" "So the legends of the house say, .at '-lea.st,-. 'Ad it-is believed that it-was a '-Redniotid O'Donnellwho foughit and fe - ;: oi thie fatal field of Fontenoy." i': .Lady Dangerfield looked 'interested. '**°" A Redmond O'Donnell? - Really i \- Read' it, .Queenie. will you?" '". ' '. : She' lanced suddenly at--the . gover -ness..-; ' ; ' : * *;' . .'*"Miss Herncastle," she said, "you will read it.to lady Dangerfield. will you not? " Somehow I think you can read .aloud." 'I can try," Miss Herneastle -an swered. : She advanced, took the book, and stood up before her auditors. The last light of the setting su!n phone full upon \- her tall, statuesque figure, her pale, changeless face, locken ever in the pas lIonless calm of marble. - She began. . Tes, Miss Heirncastle could read aloud -:Lady Cecil had been right What a 'wondrously musical voice it was-so 'deep, so calm, so sweet! She made: a Ivery striking picture, standing there, \- the sunlight gliding her face and her . 'dead-black hair. \- So thought Lady Cecil Clire, so Sthought Sir Arthur Tregenna and Cap- I tain O'Donnell. Both gentlemen, as if I b:y some simultaneous impulse listened 1 Intently. Sweet. clear, thrilling as a I,ugle- llast rang out the stirring words. A light 1 leaped into the reader's eyes, a glow s came over her pale face; every heart ihere stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, he-r gesture as shie ceased. r ? . "By Jupiter!' Redmond O'Donnell ex claimed, under his breath; "that woman is a marsel." Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the book, a look of surprised admiration in her eyes. "Miss Herncastle,"' she said, "you read that splendidly. .The poet shojld have heard you. I knew you could read, but not like that. You are a borin ac tress." The eyes of Redmond O'Doinell were fixed on Miss Herneastle with such a look of utter wonder-of sheer amaze ment and of recognition-that the baro net stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an in spiration where he had seen Miss Hern castle before. He started like a man from a trance at the sound of the baro net's surprised voice. t'How thunderstruck you look, O'Don nell," he said, with-'n touch of impa: tience in his tone; "did you never before hear a lady read?" The half-irritated words fully aroused him. Redmond O'Donnell turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. "Rarely like that,.mon ami. And I have just solved a riddle that has puzz led me since last night. I think I have had the pleasure of both seeing and hearing Lady Dangerfleld's very re markabl, governess before to-day." , It wanted just a .quarter-to twelve when .-Redmond O'Donnell left Scars wood Park, and took his vway on foot to the town. He had been offered a horse, he had been offered a bed, and had de clined both. To walk'on such a night was a luxury. He lit a manilla, and went over the road with his long caval ryman's stride. It was a perfect night. the sk; Seep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the moon sailing up serene in their shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay black across the road; the hedge-rows made the night air odorous, and. far or 'sear, no living thing was to be seen. Far or near! Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his sivinging pace, and looked away afield. His sight. was of eagle keenness. What dark moving figure was that yonder, crossing a stile. and vanishing amid the tall gorse? It was a woman-more, it was familiar even at that distance. In a mnoment his resolution was taken. What woman was this out for a mid night ramble ? She must have come straight from Scarswood-there was no other habitation near. Captain O'Don nell set his lips, flung away his cigar amtong the fern and. grasses, vaulted like a boy over the hedge, and in a mo ment was in full'pursuit. The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse re-appear ed in the bromad moonlit field. A woman -no doubt albout that now--a tall wo man, walking swiftly, lightly, grace fully, as only young women ever walk. That stately stature. that pose of the head and shoulders, surely all were fa miliar - and a quarter-past twelve, alone and in haste! What mystery was hIere? "Some instinct told me, six hours ago, when I recogniseld her first,'that .some thing waos srong--Iam convinced of it now. Something is wrong. What brings her here--of all people in the world, and in the character of a nursery governess? And where is she going at this unearthly hour of night?" Still she went on- still the unseen pur osuer followel en her track. She never looked back; straight, swift, as one who has sonie fixed end in view, she went on, and still, steady and relent t less. determined and stern, Redmond I 'Donnell followed. Her destination was Bracken Itollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim, buried among its giomy trees, lonely and deserted. No lights gleamed anywhere about it; its shutters were-closed-unutterably eerie and desolate in:the white shimmer of the moon.s,,But"the ,nocturnal,, visitor opened .'tethe:,'grlm wooden gate with a keylsie;carried, reloked it, and for the first time paused to look back. She saw np one-the trees, and the shades, arind 'the distance hid the pur suer; only-the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless blue sky, the spreading green of earth, and the soft night wind whispering over all. She turned from the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished in the inky gloom of the porclh. Redmond O'Donnell emnerged from the shadow of the trees, and approached theigruesome dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his fur ther advance, and gazed up the black, forbidding front In his rambles over the neighborhood he had never come upon this out-of-the-way place; it lay in a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that few ever did come upon it by chance, and those w'ho knew it gave it a wide berth, for it bore the ghostly reputation of a haunted house. He stood, his folded arms resting upon the gate, tall sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for-he hardy knew what. What ought he to do? While he still stood there irresolute, lost in wonder and a sort of awe, the porch-door opened and the mysterious lady he had followed I appeared. A second figure-the bent form of a very old woman-came after. The first was speaking. "No, no, Hannah, you shall not come. t Afrald! What nonsense! The time for me to fear anything earthly is past ! Nothing, living or dead, will harm me ! I will reach Searswood in less than three- quarters of an hour, get in as I got out, in spite of all Sir Peter's chains and locks, and to-morrow be once more my lady's staid preceptress of youth. Han nah, Hannah, what a life it is! Go back; try to kleep everything quiet. How'for, ltunate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, and no one ever comes here by night or day. Nothing goes on for ever I don't want it to go on for ever. , My time Is drawing near; little by little tilhe light is breaking, and my day Is coming. I will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night!" She ran down the steps, walked with her firm, resolute, fearless treaid down the path, and, as before, lingered a second or two at the gate. The old soman had gone back to the house, and the tall, dark figure under -the firs she- did not see. She dreii- oiit her watch; and looked at it by the light of tihe moon. "Half-past one!" she inurmured. "I had not thought it so late. It 11ll bhe a quarter past two, then, before I reach Scarswood!" "And a very late hour for Miss Hern castle tobe out alone!" Obeying.an impulse he could not resist, the chasseur emerged from the tree shadows, and stood before her. "With her permission, I will see her safely back." And' hei, wltll tihe blight iightorft mnpon upon his face, R'edmoij O'Don nell removed his liat and bowed to Miss Herncastle. She did not scream, she did not even' star't,. There must have beeni brave blood In the governess' veins. .Shbr stood:there quite still, and faced him; but in ,the moonlight that grey pallor camet over the resolute face, and the great grey eyes dilated with somethlng of the look'of a hunted stag. "Captain Redmond O'Donnell," sithe said, slo'ly, "It is you!' I breathe agaln--for oue moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but you gave them a shock." : "Yes," Captain O'Donnell driliy' an swvered,"I think youir nerves are good, Miss Herneastle. There are notomany young ladis-- not' many stirong-minded governesses even--w'ho would fancy the long; lonely walk. between Scarswood and this.place .between the. ghostly hours of twelve and two." "No doubt." she salid, withl a- smile, "you considered it your duty to follow me hiere to-night-to dog my steps, like the Iireling assassin of an Italian no vel-to (tit is not a pleasant word, but thile word I swant) play the spy?" He was walkitng by her side. He w'as lowering tile pasture bars of a field as site spoke, to let her pass through. "Spy?" he said. "Well. yes, I con fess it looks like it. Still. in Justice to myself and my motives, let me say something more than simple curiosity has been at work to-night' . "An&dyet;, I. suppose, the impulse of a-gentleman would be to turn back at once, and think no more about it. That was, I know, the first' thought of Cap' tain O'Donnell, the hl'avest chasseur in all the'ei'my.of Africa. SMay I ask why he did not act upon it?" "Simply for this reason-that Captain O'Donnell recognised Miss Herncastle at six o'clock last evening as she stood reading 'Fontenoy.' " "indeed!" Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference. "Recognis ed me, did you? I am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets of London probably before 1 came here?" "No,.madam; I encountered you in a very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and though I may be puzzled to place them for a while, I generally come out right in the end." "You knew me?" Miss Herncastle re peated; but her eyes were gleaming strangely non. "Well, sir, you know nothing to my discredit, I hope?" "Nothing to your discredit, If you have told Lady Dangerfleld the truth, but baronets' wives rarely look for their children's instructresses in the person of -a New York actress.'" _-"Calitai O'Donnell!"' "Miss IHerneastle!" And then there was a puse,- and for an instant how horribly thick and fast Miss Herneastle's heart beat only Miss Herneastle ever knew, ."The play was 'Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur, "and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth: played the doleful Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia of the play was a tall, black-browed, majestic woman, who acted superbly, Miss Herncastle, I don't remember the nalme of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side to-night." She turned to him with a swift, Im passioned gesture of both Lhands-the atrical perhaps, ibut real. "Whly should I lie to you? You are a man. You will not betray me. I will tell the truth. I am the New York actress. I am the Ophelia you beheld six months ago." "I knew it," he answered, with com posure. "I saw you many nights in succession. Now, when I recognised you, I said to- myself .: 'This actress, whom a crowded house applauded to tile very echo, night after night, has some motive--a sinister one, in all likelihood -in quitting her professionarid coming to this hlouse in the role of governess. For, of course, Lady Dangerfield is in utter ignorance of her antecedents-be lieves wilatever story Stiss Hlerncastle chooses to tell her." "You state your case with all the piti less grimness of the stern old judge on tihe bench," said Miss HIerneastle, bitter ly. "Blut what business is it of yours? Are you my lady's keeper? Has your own fate been orderd so smoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whnom life has gone hard?" Something in her 'tone moved him something in that passionate, savage, hunted look of her eyes touched him, he hardly knew why. "No, HIeaven knows," he said, sadly. "my own life has been no pathway of roses. I am the last man on earth to set up in judgment upon my struggling fellowmortal, andaccusellhm. I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This niglt's work, this night's discov ery, nnd your avowal shall be as though they had never been. Whether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is much too subtle a question for me I only know I will conceal it." She held out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. "For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, 'why I have come here, you?nay one day;?now. And now shall we say good'night?" ',. ' '"How will ydu get in?"' he askWed. "The doors and windows seem bolted for the night." "Doubly boliea, and doubly barred," Miss Herneastle replied, with a con temnptuous laugh, "to keep out burglars and ghosts - the two bugbears of St. Peter's life. Nevertheless, I will get in. Good night, Captain O'Donnell." lIe lifted his hat and turned at once. Miss Hlerncastle stood -where he had left her, following the tall. gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field ,o swiftly, with a strange expression in her eyes and on her lips. 