THIRD BOOK. The Devil's Acek. Ohaptkh V. Glory sang that night with extraordinary vivacity and charm and was called again and again. Going home in the oab she tried to live through the day afresh, every step, overy act, every word, down that trium phant 'I will.' Her thoughts swayed as with, the swaying of the hansom, but sometimes the . tVmnriprnus fl'nnlause of the audience broke in and,then she had to remember where she had left off. She could feel that beating against her breast still and even smell tbe^pMetB^that' -..???:;' ^vj grew by the pool. He had told-her^^ra»^S;./'. ... iijg everything, and when at length thifl^OMrred - ,..'.:| to her as a separate idea there was :'an*bx- /«';' quisite thrill in the thought that perhaps Some :'.XSi day she would annihilate herself and all her '',:-. ambitions, and . . , 'who knows what : ?: then?' ?;.: This mood lasted until Monday morning,- \\. when she was sitting in her room dressing very . . ' slowly and smiling at herself in the glass, when : the cockney maid came in with a newspaper '?':..,,? which her master had sent up on account of a ,,..j,.S long report of the wedding. ' Theretyere two |si| long columns of the event of Saturday and she SHI read it in .snatches, between- moments when' psf| other remembrances of the day stole in. '???''., f&'o 'The Church^of All Saints was orowoted'- I'^S by a fashionable congregation, ' among, whom' §p§ were many notable personB in the -world* qt ' r..gf»3 politics and sooiety, inbludingthe father ;-of the' //f|g jridegroom, the Duke, of — , and hifl elder -Jffi* brother, the Marquis of —. Ati arch of -^p palms crossed *ho have at the entrance to^ha ' , J* ohanbel, and festoons ot rare flowers ^reresuB-. *;^ bended ftbnvlhe rails* of the handsome apreen. ' ; ?he altar and the table 'of the Commandments . - were almost -pbapurea by the wreaths of #H-tieii- .-,? --.b that hung over them, and the columns .of : the .: . ':-: col&nuadeand; frpatand the offertory boxes wew ; ^^^ ^ . ^, £-«J-:-'-'7;;i;'V-.:-'. - ?.:'?;. ;.-:'-'- ?? 7. ...?? '- ''';'.v::'-Cv:r?'-'K-- '?*?*?» ?uuilarly buried in rich and lovely blossom ,' 'Thanks to an informal rehearsal Borne .days before the ceremony went off without a thiteh. The officiating clergy were the frenerableArohdeaconWealthy.D.D., assisted Hby the Rav. Josiah Golightly and other mem bSrTof&e; numerous staff of All Saints. Tne service, which was full choral, was under the able direotion of the well- known organist and choirmaster, Mr. Carl Koenig, F.R.&.O., and the choir consisted of 20 adult and 40 boy voices. On the arrival of the bride a pro 'ceesion was formed at' the west entrance and proceeded up to the chanoel singing 'The Voice that breathed o'er Eden.' . .' ' ' Poor Polly 1' thought Glory. 1 'Tho bride wove a duchess satin gown, trimmed with chiffon and Brussels lace and having a long train hung from the shoulders. Her tulle veil was fastened with a ruby brooch of 20 carat* and with Bprays of real orange blossom sent specially from the Riviera, and ibe necklace consisted of a rope of graduated pearls fully a yard long and understood to have belonged to Catherine of Russia. She carried ft bouquet of flowers (the gift of tbe bride groom) broaght from Florida, tho American home of her family. The bride's mother wore ... ' The bridesmaids were dressed. . . ?' 'Mr. Horatio Drake acted as best man. tJlory drew her breath as with a spasm and threw down the newspaper. How bhnd she had need' how vain, how fooliah ! bne had told John Storm that Drake was only a (rood friend to her, meaning him to understand that thus far she allowed him to ro and no further. But there was a whole realm of his life into which ho did not ask her to enter. Ire 'notable persons in politics and society, 'the bridesmaids,' these made up his real Bphere, his serious scene. Other women were his friends, companions, equals, intimates, and when he stood in the eye of the wor d it was they who stood beside him. And she? She wafl hia hobby. He came to her in hiaoff hours.- She filled up the underside of his life. With a crushing sense of humiliation Bhe was folding up the newspaper to send it down stairs -when her eye was arrested by a para graph in small type in the corner, headed 'Shocking Occurrence at a lashionable Marriage.' ' Oh, Lord Jesus !' A glance glance had shown her what it was. It was a report of Polly's suicide:— 'At a fashionable marriage at a West-End church on Saturday (no names) a young woman who had been sitting in the nave was seen to rise and attempt to step into the aisle as if with the intention of crushing her way out, when she fell back in convulsions and on being removed ?was found to bs dead. Happily the attention of the congregation was ab the moment directed to the bride and bridegroom, who were returning from the vestry with the bridal party behind them, and thus the painful in cident made no sensation among the crowded congregation. The body was removed to the mortuary, and from subsequent enquiries it transpired that death had been due to poison self-administered and that the deceased, who had been a woman of considerable personal beauty, was Elizabeth Anne Love, 24. of no occupation, but formerly a nurse— a circum stance which had enabled her to procure half a grain of liquor strychninae, on her own sig nature, at a chemist's where she had been known. , '0 God! O God!' Glory understood evervihing now. ' I've a great mind to go to All 'Saints and shame them. ... Oh, it isn't the police I'm afraid of. Polly's purpose was clear ; she had intended to fall dead at the feet of the bride aud bridegroom, and make them walk over her body. Poor, foolish, in effectual Polly. Her very ghost must be SBhamed of the failure of her revenge. Not a ripple of sensation on Saturday, and this morning only a few obscure lines in little letters.' Oh, it was hideous ! The poor things ven geanco was theatrical and paltry ; but what r, of the man, wherever he was ? What did he think of himself now with his millions and his murder— yes, his murder, for what else was it? An hour later Glory was ringing the bell of a little house in St. John's Wood, whereof the upper blinds were drawn. The grating of the garden door slid back and An untidy head looked out. \- 'Well, ma'am?' *' Don't you remember me, Liza ?' 'Lawd, yes, miss,' and the doorwasopened, 'but I was afeared you were one o' them re porting people, and my orders is not to answer no questions.' 'Has he beeu here, then ':' ' Bless ye, no, miss; he's on his way to the Continents. But his friend has, and he's settled everything handsome— I will say that for the gentleman.' Glory felt her gall rising as she passed into the house— there was something degrading, almost disreputable, even in the loyalty of Drake's friendship. 'Fancy Liza not knowing you, miss, and mo at the 'all a Tuesday night ! I 'ope you'll excuse the liberty, but i did laugh, and I won't say but I shed a few tears too. Arranged ? Yes, the jury and the coroner and everything. It's to be at 12 o'clock, 60 you may think I've 'ad iny 'ands full. But you'll want to look at 'er, pore thing. Go up, miss, and mind yer 'ead — there's nobody but 'er friends with rer.' The friends proved to be Betty Belmont and her dressing-room companions. When Glory entered they showed no surprise. 'The pore child told us all about j'ou,' said Betty, and £he little one said, 'It's yonr nyme that's caught on, dear. The minute I heard it I said what a top line for a bill.' ? It was the same little band-box of a^bed room, only now it was darkened. Polly's troubles were over. There was a slightly con vulsed look about the mouth, but the features were otherwise calm and childlike, for all the dead are innocent. It was impossible to for get they had been friends. Glory's tears fell on the upturned face and Polly carried them with her. The three women, with demure faces, were sipping Benedictine and talking among them selves, and Polly's pug dog was coiled up on the bare bolster and Bnoring audibly. 1 ' Pore thing, I don't know how she could a' done it. But there — that's the worst of this lift?. It's all in the present and leads to nothing, and ain't got no future.' 'What could the poro thing do ? She wasn't bo wonder ' ful pretty and then men like ? ' 'She was str'ight with him, say what yer like. Only she ought to been more patienter and she needn't a' been bo hard on the lady neither.' 'She had everything ' the heart could wish. Look at her rooms. I wonder who'll . . .' 1 ' Carriages were heard outside and two or three men came in to do the last offices. Glory had turned her face away, but behind her the women were still talking. 'What a lovely ring. ... I wish I had a keepsake to re member her by.' ' Well, and why not? She won't want. . . .' \ Glory felt as if she was choking, but Polly's pug doer had been awakened by the commotion and was beginning to howl, so Bhe took up the little mourner and carried it out. An organ-man somewhere was playing 'Sweet Marie.' The funeral was atKensal Green and the four girls were the only followers. Tbe death being due to suicide the body was not taken into the chapel, but a clergyman met it at the gate and lea the way to the grave. Walking with her head down and the dog under her arm Glory had not seen him at first, but when be began with the tremendous words, 'I am the resurrection and the life,' Bhe caught her breath and looked up. It was John Storm, ' While they were in the carriage the olouds had been gathering and now some spots of rain were falling. When tbe bearers had laid down their burden the spots were largo and frequent and all save one of the men turned and went back to the shelter, of the porch. The three women looked at each other and one of them muttered something about 'the dead and the living,' and then the little lady stole away. After a moment the tall one followed her and from shame of being ashamed, the third one went off also. By this time the rain was falling in a sharp shower and John Storm, who was bareheaded, had opened his book and begun to read — 'Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of His great mercy to take unto Himself the soul of our dear sister here departed . . .' Then he saw that Glory was alone by the graveside, and his voice faltered and almost failed him. It faltered again, and he halted when he came to the ' sure and certain hope,' but after a moment it quivered and filled out out and seemed to say. ' which of us can sound the depths of God's designs?' After the 'maimed rights' were over John Storm went back to the church to remove his surplice, and when he returned to the grave Glory was gone. She sane as usual at the music-hall that night, but with a heavy heart. The difference communicated itself to the audience, and the (unanimous applause which had greeted her before frayed off at length into separate hand claps. Crossing the stage to her dressing room she met Koenig, who came to conduct for her, and he said — 'Not quite yourself to-night, mein dear, eh?' Going home in the hanBom Polly's dog coddled up with the old sympathy to the new mistress aud seemed to be making the best of things. The household was asleep and Glory let herself in with a latch-key. Her cold supper was laid ready, and a letter was lying under the turned-down iatnp. It was from her grandfather and had been written after church on Sunday night — 'It is nonr so long— more than a year — since I saw my runaway and truant that, notwithstanding the protests of Aunt Anna and the forebodings of Aunt Rachel, I have determined to give my old legs a journey and my old eyes a treat. Therefore take warning that I intend to come up to London forthwith that I may see the great city for the first time in my life, and — which is better — my little granddaughter among all her new friends and in the midst of her great prosperity.' At the foot of this there was a postcript from Aunt Rachel, hastily scrawled in pencil — 'Take no notice of this. He is far too weak to travel and, indeed, he is really failing, but your letter, which reached us last night, has so troubled him ever since that he can't take rest for thiuking of it, and ...' It was the iast straw. Before finishing the letter or taking off her hat Glory took up a telegraph form and/wrote— 'Ppstponfi journey ; am returning home to-morrow.' . Then she heard Koenig letting himself into the bouse, and going downstairs she said — 'Will you take this message to tbe telegraph office fdr me, please ?' ' Vy, of course I vill, and den ve'll have supper togedder. Look,' and he laughed and opened a paper and drew out a string of sausages. 'Mr. Koenig,' she said, 'you were right. I was not myself to-night. I want a rest and I propose to take one.' As Glory returned upstairs she heard stam merings, gputterings;^and swearings behind her about managers, 'i&gagementSj; announce ments, geniuse3, children, and other matters. Back in her rooms she lay down on tho floor with her face in her hands and sobbed. Then Koenig appeared panting and saying, 'Dare, I knew vhat vould happen. Here is a pretty ting ? And dat's vhy Air. Drake told me to deny you to de man ! De brute, de beast, de dirty son of a monk !' But Glory had leapt up with eyes of fire aud was crying, ' How dare you, sir ? Out of my room this instant !' ' Mein Gott ! It's a divil !' Koenig was muttering like a servant as he went downstairs. He went out to the telegraph-office and came bade, and then Glory heard him frying his sausages on the dining-room fire. The night was far gone when she pushed aside her untouched Bupper, and wiping her eyes that she might see properly sat down to write a letter : — 'Dear. .John Storm — monk, monster, or whateveirat is ! » 'I trust it will be counted to me for right eousness that I am doing your bidding and giving up my profession for the present Between a woman's yes and no There isn't room for a pin to go, which is very foolish for her in this instance, considering that she is earning Various pounds at night, and has nothing but Providence to fall back upon. I have told my gaoler I must have my liberty, and, being a man of like pas sions with yourself, he has been busy blasphem ing in the parlor downstairs. I trust virtue will be its own reward, for I daresay it is all I shall over get. If I were Narcissus I should fall in love with myself to-day, having shown an obedience to tyranny which is beautiful and worthy of the heroic age. But to-morrow morning I go back to the 'Oilan,' and it will be so nice up there without anybody, and all alone.' She was laughing softly to herself as she wrote, and catching her breath with a little sob at intervals. 'A letter now and then is profitable to the soul of man— and woman — but you must not expect to hear from me, and as for you, though you have resurrected youreelf I sup pose a tyrant of your opinions will continue the Benedictine rule which compels you to hold your peace— and . other things, I am engaged to breakfast with a nice girl named Glory Quayle to-morrow morning — that is to say, this morning— at Euston station at a quarter to 7, but happily this letter won't reach you until 7.30, so I'll just escape inter ruption.' The house was still and the streets were quiet, not even a cab going along. 'Good bye ! I've realised— a dog ! ? It's a Or, and therefore, like somebodyelise, it always ks black at me, though I suspect its father married beneath him, for it talks a good deal and evidently hasn't been brought up in a brotherhood. Therefore being a . ' female* I in tend to call it Aunt Anna, except when the original is about. Aunt Anna has been hop ping up and down the room at my heels for the last hour, evidently thinking that a rational woman would behave better if she went to bed. Perhaps I shall take a leaf out of your book and ' comb her hair' when I get her all alone in the train to-morrow, that she may be pre pared for the new sphere to which , it has pleased Providence to call her. ' Good-bye again ! I see the lamps of Euston running after each other — only its the other way this time. I find there is something that seizes you with a fiercer palpitation than com ing into a great and wonderful city, and that is going out of one. Dear old London 1 After all it has been very good to me. No one, - it seems to me, loves it as much as I do. Only somebody thinks . . . well, never mind 1 Good-bye 'for all.1 'Globy.' At 7 next morning on the platform at EuBton Glory was standing with melancholy eyes at the door of a flrst-olasB compartment watching the people sauntering up and down, talking in groups and hurrying to and fro, when Drake stepped up to her. Bhe did not ask what had brought -him ; she knew. . He looked fresh and' handsome and was faultlessly dressed, ' : 'You are doing quite right, my. dear,' he ( said in acheorf ul voice, ' ' Koonip | telegraphed, and I oame to see yon off. Don t bother about the theatre, leavo everything to me. Take a rest after your great excitement and come back bright and well.' The locomotive whistled and began to pant, the Binoke rose to tbe roof, the train started, and before Glory knew she was going she was gone. Then Drake walked to his club and wrote this postscript to a letter to Lord Robert Ure at the Grand Hotel, Paris—' The parson has drawn first blood and Gloria has gone home.' Chapteb VI. On the Sundav evening, after Glory's de parture, John Storm, with the bloodhound running by his side, made his way to Soho in search of the mother of Brother Andrew. He had come to the corner of a street where the walls of an ugly brick church ran up a narrow court and turned into a still narrower lane at the back. The church had been for some time a disused one, and its facade was half covered with hoardings and plastered with placards : — 'Brighton and Back 3s.,' 'Lloyd's News,' 'Standard, largest circulation,' 'Coals 1b. a cwt.,' and ' Barclay's Sparkling Ales.' There was a tumult in the court and lane. In the midst of a close packed ring of ex cited people^ chiefly foreigners, shouting in half the languages of Europe, a tall young cockney,- with bloated face and eyes aflame with drink, was writhing and wrestling and growling and cursing. Sometimes he escaped from the grasp of the man who held him, and then he flung himself against the closed door of a shop which stood opposite, with the three balls of the pawnbroker suspended above it. Somebody within tbe shop was bellowing for help. It was a woman's voice, and the louder she screamed the more violent were the man's efforts to beat down the door that stood between them. Ab John Storm stood a moment looking on someone on tbe street boBide him said, 'It's a d ? shyme.' It was a man with a simple, feeble, ineffectual face, and the appearance of a waiter. Seeing he had been overheard the man stammered, 'Beg pardon, sir ; but they may well Bay when tbe Devil can't come hisself 'e sends 'is brother Drink.' Having said this he began to move along, but stopped suddenly on seeing what the clergy man with the dog was doing. John Storm was pushing his way through the crowd, and his black figure in that writhing ring of undersized foreigners looked big and commanding. ' What's this ?' he was saying in a husky voice that was loud and clear above the clamor. The shouting and swearing sub sided, all save tbe bellowing from the inside of the shop, and the tumult straggled down in a moment to mutterings and gnashings and a broken and irregular silence. Then somebody said, 'It's nothink, sir.' And somebody else said, ' 'Es on'y drunk and wantin to pench 'es mother.' But without listening to this explanation John Storm had laid hold .of the young man by the collar and was dragging him, struggling and fuming, from the door. 'What's going on?' he demanded. 'Will nobody speak V Then a perky young fellow, a poor swagger ing imitation of a man, came up out of the cellar of a house tbat^tood next to the disused church, and a comely young woman carrying a baby followed close behind him. He had a gin bottle in his hand, and with a wink he said, 'A christenin'— that's what's goin' on: 'ave a kepple of pennorths of 'ollands, old gel?' At this Bally the ciowd, recovering its audacity, laughed, and the drunken man began to say that he could ' knock spots out of any bloomin' parson, 'en no bloomin' errer.' But the young fellow with the gin bottle broke in again. 'What's yer grme, mister? Preach the gawepel? Give us irecks ? This is my funeral, downt yer know, and I'd jest like to hear.' The little foreigners were enjoying the parson-baiting, and the drunken man s courage was rising to fever heat 'Til give 'im one, two, between the eyes if 'e touches me again.' Then he flung himself on the pawnshop Tike a battering ram, and the bellowing inside, which had subsided, burst out afresh, and finally the door was broken down. Half a minute afterwards the crowd was making a wavering dance about the two men. 'Look out, ducky,' the young fellow shouted to John. The warning came too late. John went reeling backwards from a blow. 'Now, my lads, who Bays next?' cried the drunken ruffian. But before the words were out of his mouth there was a growl, a plunge, a snarl, and he was full length on the street with the bloodhound's muzzle at his throat. The crowd shrieked and began to fly. Only one person seemed to remain. It was an elderly woman, with dry and straggling grey hair. She had come out of the [pawnshop and thrown herself on the dog in an effort to rescue the man underneath, crying— 'My son. Ob, my son, it'll kill 'im. Tyke the beast away.' John Storm called the dog off, and the man got up unhurt and nearly sober. But the woman continued to moan over the ruffian and to assail John and bis dog with bitter ins'ults. 'We want no truck with parsons 'ere,' she shouted. 'Stou that, mother. It was my fault,' said the sobered man, and then the woman began to cry. At tho next minute John Storm was going with tbe mother and son into the shut up pawnshop, and the unhinged door was being propped behind them. Tbe crowd was trailing and straggling off when he came out again half an hour after Wards, and the only commotion remaining was caused by a belated policeman asking 'Wot' s bin the metter?' and by the young fellow with the gin bottle performing a step dance on the pavement before the entrance to the cellar. The old woman stood at her door wiping her eyes on her apron, and her son was behind with a face that was now aflame from other causes than drink and rage. 'Good-bye, Mrs. Pincher. I may see you again soon.' ? Hearing this the young swaggerer stopped1^ his step dancing and cried,^'What cheer, mite ? Was it a blowter and a cup of cawfy ?' 'For shyme, Charlie,' 6aid the girl with the baby, and the young fellow answered ' Shut yer 'ead, Aggie. ' The waiter was still at the corner of the court, and when John came up he spoke again. 'There must be sein amoosement knockin1 women abart, but I can't see it myself.' Then in a simple way he began to talk about bis 'missus and what a good creature she was, and finally announced himself 'gyme' to help a parson * ' as stood up to that there drunken blowke for the sake of a woman.' ' What's your name?' said John. 'Jupe,' said the_ man, and then something stirred in John's memory. On the following day John Storm dined with his uncle at Dowmng- street. The Prime Minister was waiting in the library. In evening dress, with his back to the fireplace and his hands enlaced behind him, he looked even more thin and gaunt than before. He welcomed John with a few familiar words and a smile. His smile was brief and difficult, like that which drags across tbe face of an in valid. Dinner was announced immediately,' and the old man took the young one's arm and they passed into the dining-room. The panelled chamber looked cold and cheerless. It was lighted by a single lamp in the middle of the table. They took their seats at opposite sides. The Minister's thin hair shone on his head like streaks of- silver. ? John exercised a strong physical influence upon him, and all through the dinner bis bleak face kept smiling. ' .' I ought to apologise for having nobody_ to meet you,' he began, 'but I had something to say, something to suggest, and I thought perhaps. . .' . _ John interrupted with affectionate protesta tions, and a tremor passed over the wrinkles about the old man's eye9. 'It is a great happiness to you, my dear boy, that you have turned your back on that brotherhood, but I presume you intend to ad here to the church?' . John intended to take the priest's orders without delay and then go on with his work as a clergyman. 'Just so, just so,' the long tapering fingers drummed on the table, ' and I should like to do something to help you.' The sipping at his wine glass of water the Prime Minister in his slow, deep voice and official tone began to detail his scheme. There was a bishopric vacant. It was only a colonial one — the Bishopric of Colombo. The income was small, no more than seventeen hundred pounds, the work was not light, and there were eight clergy. Then a colonial bishopric was not usually a Btepping-stonu to preferment at home, yet Btill . . . John interrupted again. ' You are most kind, uncle, and always have been, but lam only looking forward to living the life of a poor priest, out of eight of the world and tbe churcn.' ' Surely Colombo is sufficiently out of Bight, my boy V ' But I see no necessity to leave London, sir.' The Prime Minister glanced at him steadily with the concentrated expression of a man who is accustomed to penetrate the thoughts and feelings of another. 'Why, then, why did you ? ?' .'Why dM I leave the monastery, uncle ? Because I had come to see that the monastic system was based on a faulty ideal of Christi anity which has been tried for 1900 years and failed. The theory of monasticism is that Christ died to redeem our carnal nature, and all we have to do is to believe and pray. But it is not enough that Christ died once. He must be dying alwayB — every day — and in every one of us. God is calling on ub in this age to seek a new social application of the gospel, or shall I say to go back to the old one?' 'And that is ? ?' 'To present Christ in practical life as the living Master and King and example, and to apply Christianity to the life of our own time,' said John. - The Prime Minister had not taken his eyes off him. 'What does this mean?' he had asked himBelf, but he only smiled bis difficult smile and began to talk lightly. If this creed applied to the individual it applied also to tbe State ; but think of a Cabinet conducting tbe affairs of a nation on the charming principles of 'Taking no thought for the morrow,' and 'loving your enemies,' and 'turning the other cheek,' and 'selling all and giving to the poor.' John stuck to his guns. If the Christian religion could not be the ultimate authority to rule a Christian nation it was only because we lacked faith and trusted too much to mechanical laws made by statesmen rather than to moral laws made by Christ. The Prime Minister continued to ask him self, 'What is the key to this?' and to look at John as he would have looked at an abyss that had to be fathomed, but he only went on smiling and talking lightly. It was true we said a prayer and took an oath on the Bible in | tho Houses of Parliament, but we did not for , a moment intend to crust the nation to the \ charming romanticism of the politics of Jesus. As for the church it was founded on Acts of Parliaments, its doctrines were directed by the Lord Chancellor, and its clergy were Civil servants, who went to leveed and hung on the edge of drawing-rooms and troubled the knocker of No. 10, Downing-street. As for Christ's laws, in this country they were inter preted by the Privy Council and were under the direct control of a State department. Still it was a harmless superstition that we were a Christian nation. It helped to curb the masses of the people, and if that was what John was thinking of ... ' John was hot all over and his face had flushed up to his eyes. The Prime Minister paused and stopped. 'Tell me, my boy,' touching John's arm, 'in what way would you propose to apply your new idea of Christianity ?' 'My experiment would be made on a social basis, air, and first of all in relation to woman.' The Prime Minister glanced stealthily across the table, passed his thin band across his forehead and thought, ' So that's how it is.' But John was deep in his theme and saw nothing. The present position of woman was j intolerable. On the wellbeing of women, i especially of working women, the whole wel- ! fare of society rested. Yet, what was their j condition ? Think of it — their dependence on | man, their temptations, their rewards, their j punishments. Ihree halfpence an hour was ! theaverage wage of a working woman in Eng- j land. And that in the midst of riches, in the ' heart of luxury, and with one easy and seduc- ! tive means of escape from poverty always open, j Ruin lay in wait for them, and was beckoning I them, and enticing them in tbe shape of ! dancing houses and music halls, aud rich and selfish men. 'Not one man in a million, sir, would come through such an ordeal unharmed, and yet what do we do, what does the church do, 'for these brave creatures on whose virtue and heroism the welfare of the nation depends? If they fall it cuts them off, and there is nothing before them but the streets or crime or the union or suicide. And meanwhile it marries the men who have tempted them to the snug and sheltered darlings for whose wealth or rank or beauty they have been pushed aside. Oh, uncle, when I walk down Regent- street in the daytime I am angry, but when I walk down Regent-street at night I am ashamed. And then to think of the terrible solitude of I qudon to working girls who want to live pure lives, tho terrible spiritual loneli ness. ...' John's voico was breaking, but tbe Prime Minister had almost ceased to hear. Thinking he had realised the truth at last, his own youth seemed to be Bitting before him and he felt a deep pity. 'Coffee here or in the library, your lord ship ?' said the man at his elbow. 'The library,' he answered, and .taking John's arm again ho returned to the other room. There was a fire burning now, and a book lay under the lamp on a little table with a silver paper cutter through the middle. to mark the page. 'How you remind me of your mother sometimes, John ! That was just like her voice, do you know, just !' Two hours afterwards he led John Storm down the long corridor to the hall. His bleak face looked moist and his deep voice had a slight tremor. 'Good night, my dear boy, and remember the money is alwayB waiting for you. Until your Christian Social State is established you are only an advocate of Socialism and may fairly take it. If yours is the Christianity of the first century it has to exist in the nineteenth, you know. You can't live by the air or fly without wings. Good night, and God bless you in your people's cburoh and Devil's Acre.' - John was flushed and excited. He had been taking of his pinna, his hopes, his expectations. God would provide for him in this as in every thinft and then God's priest ought to be God's poor.. .Meantime two gentlemen in plush waited for him at the door. One .handed him his hat, the other his stick and gloves. He waved his adieux and passed out. _ . Then with regular steps and his hands be hind him the Prime Minister paced back through the quiet corridors. Returning to the library he took up his book and tried to read. It was a novel, but he could not attend to the incidents in other people's lives. From time to time he said to himself, 'Poor boy! Will ho find her ? Will he save her f One pathetio idea had fixed itself on his mind — John Storm's love of God was love of a woman, and she was fallen and wrecked and lost. ' A fortnight later John wrote to Glory— 'Fairly underway at last, dear Glory! Taken priest's orders, got tbe bishop's 'license to officiate,' and found myself a church. It is St. Mary Magdalene's, Crown1 strett, Soho, a district that has borne for 300 years the name of the 'Devil's Acre,' bears it) still, and still deserves it. The church is an old proprietary place, licensed, not conse crated, formerly belonging to Greek or Italian or French or some other refugees, but long shut up and now much out of repair. Present owners a comnany of Greek merchants, re moved from Soho to the city, and being too poor (as trustees) to renovate the 'structure they have forced me to get money for that pur pose from my uncle, the Prime Minister. But the money is my own apparently, my uncle having in my interests demanded from my father £1(1,000 out of my mother's dowry and got it. And now I am spending £2^000 in the repair of my church buildings, notwithstanding. the protests of the Prime Minister, who calls me ' chaplain to the Greek-Turks' and of Mrs. Callender, who has discovered that I am a maudlin, sentimental, daft young spend thrift. ' Have not waited for the workmen, though, to begin operations. Took first services last Sunday. No organist, no choir, no clerk, and next to . no congregation. Just tbe church cleaner, a good, simple old soul named Pincher; her son, a reformed drunkard and pawnbroker, and another convert who is a club waiter. Nevertheless I went through the whole Bervice, morning and evening, prayers, psalms, and sermon. God will be the more glorified. ' Have started my new crusade on behalf of women, too, and made various processions of three persons through the Btreets of Soho. First, my pawnbroker bearing the banner (a white cross, the object of various missiles), next my waiter carrying a little harmonium, and familiarly known as the 'organ man,' and finally myself in my cassock. Last mentioned pro res to be a highly popular performance, being generally understood to be a man in a black petticoat. We have had the nightly accompaniment of a much larger procession, though calling themselves the 'Skellingtons,' otherwise the 'Skeletons,' an army of low women and roughs, who live on this poor, soiled, grimy, forgotten world. Thank God, the ground of evildoeis is in danger, and they know it ! 'Behind my church, in a dark unwholesome alley called Crook-lane, we have a clergy house at present let out in tenements, the cellar being occupied as a ginshop. As soon as these pre mises can be cleared of their encumbrances I shall turn them into a club for working girls. Why not ? In the old days the church came to the people — let it come to the people now ! Here we are in tbe midst of this mighty strong hold of the devil's kingdom of sin and crime. Foreign clubs, casinos, dancing academies, and) gambling-houses are round about as. What are we to do ? Put up a forest of props (as at the abbey) and keep off touch and contamina tion ? God forbid ! Let us go down into these dens of moral disease and disinfect them. - The poor working girls of Soho want their Sunday — give it them ! They want music and singing— give it them. They want dancing — give them that also; for God's sake give it them in your churches or the devil will give it them in his hells. ' Expect to be howled at, of course. Some good people will think lam either a fanatic or an artful schemer, while the clerical guinea pig^, who love the flesbpots of Egypt and have their eyes on the thrones of the church and the world, will denounce my 'Eecularity1 and tell me I am feeding the 'miry troughs' of the publican and sinner. No matter, if only God is pleased to vouchsafe ' signs following.' And one weary-faced, lonely girl, grown fresh of countenance and happy of mien, or one bright little woman snatched from the brink of perdition, will be a better bit of religion than some of them have Been for many a year. 'As soon as the workmen have cleared out I am going to establish daily service and keep the church open always. Still at Mrs. Calender's, you see, but I am, refusing all invitations except as a priest, and already I don't seem to have time to draw my breath. No income connected with St. Mary Magdalene's, or next to none, just enough to pay the caretaker, but I must not complain of that, for it is the accident to which I owe my church, nobody else wanting it under the circumstances. I had begun to think my time in the monastery wasted, but God knew better. It will help, me— (1) to live the life of poverty, (2) of purity, (3) of freedom from the world. 'Love to the grandfather and the ladies. How I wish you were with me in the thick of the fight. Sometimes I dream, you are too, and I fancy I see you in the midst of these* bright young things with their flowers and feathers —they will make beautiful Christians yet. Oddly enough, on the day you travelled to the island every hour that took you further away seemed to bring you nearer. Greetings.' (To be continued. ) 