§P AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, m g|| ?3P3HCEB ieari of pandora H A True Stovy of Northern ffl Queensland. »Y CAPTAIN LACIE. ? iN SIXTEEN PARTS. H , PART VI. ffl^HEY were not a little surprised at B the calmness with which she Htened to the tragic story. In fact Blen had become somewhat resigned g| the loss of her father, and in a Winner it was a positive relief to her ? know that he was beyond all further Bin and suffering. The journey they Bre about to undertake would have Hen a terrible trial to the old man, Hd the loss of the Pandora would not Hve decreased his sufferings. What BU; racking the girl's mind was the Hpbability that the -captain might be a Ks'oner amongst the savages, seriously Mured perhaps. The evidences she Bjd seen in the banana grove pointed Bhis death certainly, but they did not Bin firm it. Better a thousand times Be old man should be dead than a Mptive in the hands of a fierce and Barbarous tribe of aborigines. That 119s the secret view the girl took of the ?Buation, and though her grief was Hep and genuine, it was tinged with Bfc relieving hope that some day the Ho would meet again in a world Mere pain and sorrow is unknown. ISUpite the rough — almost wild life mb girl had led — she possessed not a BJle religious fevour. MHAfter her first sorrow had passed, Bar strong mind began to re-assert BLlf. Perhaps, she thought, if the Bjghas not foundered, Bloomfield and Hapis, if possible, would try ami return ?H the place in pursuance of their BJginal designs. At any rate, it would H| wise to wait for a day to permit of Bj;h acontingency. This idea swayed Hr to urge the start being delayed Htil the following morning, and though HKjiien were impatient to start the Hirtre^, they saw the reasonableness BJtho request. HbTor was it wasted time. There was ?Rood deal to be done, not the least HBporiant work being the obtaining of BMaige supply of the banana fruit. Hrath that object the boat was taken Wffl the stream and a large quantity of 111 it, sufficient to last for nearly three SgLks, gathered and placed on board. jjgijose in the camp were kept busy Hnking a rough awning for the little BJft, which, on a pinch, might be used BJ a sail. This was woven out of BJited palm leaves, ^?nsudi a district there was not much jBJr of running out of fresh water, as it Be expected many creeks and rivers BBuld be met with at frequent intervals. HI all events, that was a matter which BJl. to be chanced, and it did not BJ;asion any of the party anxiety. BJrhat night the camp was removed ^^the river-side close to the boat, BJich it was necessary to watch now BJt provisions were on board. As BJre was little fear of attack and great Bid for the party to rest, it was ar Hlged that only one guard should be ^ftt, each to be relieved every three ^Bus.' HjVt daylight all was astir and feeling BJre refreshed than for several days BJviously. After a breakfast of fruit, BJen, Farrell, and Kinloch were rowed BJoss to the southern side of the river, |Ble Palmer and Walker took charge B^he. boat, in which were placed the Blalids — Murdoch and Young — with Bj latter's wife. Htrhe land party, at the head of whom HR- Ellen, arranged a scries of signals Em those in the boat in case they BWd get sight of the Pandora from hS bill which they were about to gBend. The trio looked long and ^wioiisly from the aurnmit of the range, but failed to discover the, least sign of the missing ship. Two hours later they were nearly five miles from the camp of the night, and the boat could be seen npt more than half-a-mile away crashing down towards Shadwell Point. Fortune favoured them, for the day was most favourable for the boat, and it required all the energy of 'the land party to keep abreast of it. Shortly before six o'clock a wide and deep creek was met, and the little craft pulled into it for the purpose of getting the three across,- As quite twenty miles had been covered since morning, it was decided to halt at the spot for the night. There was no wisdom in overdoing the march when the journey was of such length! The experience of the day showed (hat female attire was very unsuited for bush travelling. The thorny bush and scrub had made sad havoc with Ellen Cooney's dress, and she saw the ad visability of yielding to the wish of Farrell that she should take a position in the boat. This was done next morning, Palmer going on shore, and the girl giving the loaded musket to Farrell in case the land matchers might be attacked by blacks. For four days good, progress con tinued to be made, and then stormy weather caused a delay. Luckily the boat was able to obtain refuge in a river and lay by for three days, when the journey was resumed. During this time Murdoch regained his health, but there was little improvement in the condition of Young. It almost seemed that the blow on the head had caused permanent injury, though Ellen more than once assured Mrs Young that a good surgeon would quickly restore the unfortunate man to his senses. The long bend between Claremont Point and Cape Melville caused a loss of several days in traversing it, but gradually the party plodded on until Ull^G WH.IVO aibGl ll.(lY4llg lilt. UU£l*~ scene of their adventures they reached the base of Mount Cook. There Walker fell very ,sick of a complaint that none or the party understood, Almost without warning he became delirious, and it was suspected he must have eaten something poisonous while journeying through the bush. When asked what was the matter he simply stared vacantly at them and then burst into a laugh, which had the ring of a maniac in it. Ellen trie.d to talk the man into reason, but failed ; and in the hope that he would be re covered by morning, efforts were made to induce him to sleep. Without a medicine-chest it was. not an easy task to cope with illness of the body, much less the mind. It was the practice at night to camp on land. Sitting and standing all day made the shore exceedingly welcome. On this evening refuge had been taken at the mouth of a large creek which branched off from the Endeavor River. Mount Cook towered a few miles to the south, and though a populous and thriving town now exists in the vicinity, in 184J it was a peculiarly wild and uninhabited district. Shortly after ten o'clock Walker, to the great relief of his comrades, ap jeurcu iu gu uuu u auuuu aiccp, unu soon the worn-out travellers, with the exception of the guard, followed suite. Palmer took the watch which began about an hour before daylight, and still Walker was sleeping soundly. Half-an- hour later the camp was rudely disturbed by the startling sound of a musket shot, and in alarm every one was instantly astir. 1 What's the matter, Ned ?' Ellen called as she saw the guard running towards the creek with the still smok ing musket in his hand. ' The blacks have got the boat !' he hoarsely called as followed by the other members of the party he ran to where the craft had been inooied re gardless of the danger which might beset them. As the startled group gathered at the spot they saw with dismay that the much-prized and almost indispensable boat was gone, and in mute appeal they looked at the guard for an ex planation. ' I heard a splash only a few minutes ago, and looking down here fancied I saw something dark moving about. In a moment it occurred to me that some prowling natives might be stealing the boat, and then feeling certain it was so, I fired,' Palmer said. ' Let us make a search, men. We may come on them yet. They cannot be far away. I'll go down,' Kinloch hurriedly spoke. It was very dark, but they all began a fruitless search.' In their surprise there was no sense of discipline kept, and had an enemy been present it might have gone bard with the cast aways. It was daylight when the camp was regained, and after a few brief and hopeless explanations between the searchers, Ellen Cooney said : ' Where is Tom Walker?1 For the first time the absence of the sick man was noticed, and with a curious sense of coming evil a second search was instituted for him. An hour after it began, a loud halloa from Palmer, who was standing on a cliff overlooking the ocean, summoned the others to his side, and then they ' dis covered who had taken the boat. Rounding a small promontory was Walker himself jn the missing craft. He was bareheaded and jacketless, and the antics he was displaying clearly showed him to be a lunatic. Tho whole party at once began calling and signalling for him to return, but though he saw them, the madman took no notice, and in fact was head ing out to sea towards a portion of trie Barrier Reef now called Walker's Point. ' We are lost if he takes the boat away, and better sacrifice one life than half a dozen,' fiercely exclaimed Ned Palmer. ' We had better shoot him,' he concluded. That wa1} the unspoken thought which rose to the lips of all, even the iv-v::.. -???. -. ??,/.?; wonien.' Without the boat, which contained not only their small stock of food, but also .tjie means whereby they were enabled to, easily and quickly cross obstructive water courses, they would indeed be lost. It was patent, too, that the madman was doomed if he drifted out. to sea, and better he should have a speedy death than one of slow torturing thirst. 'Give me the gun, Palmer,' Kinloch hoarsely said, a few moments after the former had spoken and voiced the opinion of all. V The gun was handed to Kinloch, and kneeling down he took a long and car'eful aim at his mad comrade, while the group waited in feverish anxiety to see the result of the shot which was forced upon them by dire necessity. Walker had been a favourite with all, and it was perhaps that feeling which caused the hand of Kinloch to tremble when he pulled the trigger. Perhaps it was the rocking of the boat, but whatever the cause, the bullet went wide of its mark, and the' response to the shot was a wild laugh from Walker. 1 Load again, Ned. It is our only hope,' spake Kinloch as he handed back the gun. ' I'll do better next time,1 he added, with a vicious look as he recognised that probably life was being carried away from himself and his friends in that frail craft. This time the Scotchman rested the bafrel on a jutting rock, and there was not even the semblance of a tremor in the hands which directed the fire-arm. The range was a little longer than before, for the madman, with the cunning said to be peculiar to some forms of mental disease, was beginning to grasp the purpose of those on the cliff. Did he but realise that the turning of the craft shorewards would have caused the weapon to drop, he might have done so. But then he would not have been mad. As the spell-bound spectators watched it seemed to them^that the bullet must either have struck the boat or its occu pant. Murdoch said he felt sure that Walker moved convulsively after the shot was fired, but none of the others noticed that, nor could anyone observe that the messenger of death had fallen on the water. If so, it would have splashed the water up. If Walker was struck, the only effect the bullet had was to cause him to seize the oars and pull strongly away towards the Great Barrier Reef. Such force did he put into the strokes that ere the musket could be loaded again he was virtually out of range, and it would have been only a waste of much needed ammunition to discharge the weapon. For an hour the group stood watch ing with sad eyes the boat and its occupant disappearing until at last it became a speck no bigger than a gull, and at length faded away on the hori zon. They all realised what it meant to them, but again Ellen revived the fast drooping spirits of the party. ' We have got on so far, comrades, and each day brings us nearer civilisa tion. This is a great loss, but there is no need to despair. We shall yet find a way of overcoming difficulties,' she saia. ' This is the worst blow of all,1 Farrell moodily answered ; ' but there is still the chance that Walker may be swept back-here before night. I don't know .what he can do beyond there. If he gets drowned, the boat should be thrown back.' ' We must stay here for a day or so and watch. If nothing comes ashore by then we will push on,' said Ellen, This was the most sensible course to follow, and it was unanimouslyadopted, a rough camp being formed near the top of the cliff, and a watch continually kept. While this was done, most of the other members went in search of food, which was much needed. A quantity of not very palatable shell fish was found, but fruit of any description was very scarce in the vicinity. PART VII. On the following morning not a vestige of Walker or the boat could be seen, and as the sea was pretty rough during the night, it was concluded to be useless waiting any longer, and at seven o'clock another start was made southwards. When less than three miles had been traversed a broad and rapid stream with precipitous banks was met, which it was not possible to cross without a boat. One of the men proposed making a raft, but that would have entailed much labour and loss of time. Moreover, it was problematical whether it would have been safe to cross on such a structure, and at length it was decided to follow the stream westward to the peak of Mount Cook, from which it seemed to flow. This eminence was only a few miles inland, and it was thought that more abundant food might be got in that direction. At nightfall the travellers had got into one of the deep glens which furrowed the eastern side of the peak, and there they camped until the morning, almost famishing for want of food, nothing of an edible nature hav ing been met. Early in the morning Ellen managed to shoot a rock wallaby, and that being cooked, allayed the pangs of hunger. The night had been very wet, which added to the discomfort of the situa tion, William Young being the only one who appeared unconcerned with his surroundings. Of late he seemed to have regained a little more sense, and often a flash of intelligence would light up his face, giving it an aspect such as it wore before the tragedy in the Mangrove Swamp. By noon the party had attained an altitude from which a magnificent view was visible. The vast Pacific appeared to stretch away almost from the base of the mountain, and long the wretched pilgrims looked in the voin hope of discerning succour in the shape of a white winged sail. Young had climbed to the summit of a high rock quite fifty ' ' ' ...' -: . ' . feet above the others, and with hands shading his eyes, stood in wrapt atten tion gazing seawards. ' Come down, Bill. We can turn the stream here,' cried Kinloch. ' Mind there, man ; you'll break your -neck,1 Kinloch warningly called as the half foolish fellow slid down the almost perpendicular side of the rock, but alighted in perfect safety. 1 You look scared, Bill. Have you seen the spectre of the old Pandora or got a fright with the fall ?' the Scotch man laughingly asked his comrade as he noticed a peculiar expression on his countenance. ' The spectre of the old Pandora,' repeated Young in solemn tones as he followed Kinloch, who took no more notice of him than if a child had spoken. At this point the river was turned and a course was taken down the south bank towards the coast again, which, after all, was found to be the best route. Two hours after crossing the head' there was another commotion amongst the travellers, for Young had disappeared and his wife was frantic. ' He must have gone ahead, Alice, for I saw .him at the bend yonder,' Ellen at length said to her. ? We will find him down at the coast in the morning if he doesn't turn up before. If not, I'll promise to come back here and search with you until we do find him.1 It was only this solemn promise on the part of the young woman which reconciled Mrs Young to leaving the place where her husband had dis appeared. She well knew that Ellen would do as she said, and fretting at the foolishness of her husband, t,he woman plodded on with the party. When Young was first missed, a diligent search was made in the vicinity for traces of him, but after losing an hour, the quest was given up as vain. Darkness fell when the travellers were some three miles from the beach, and camp was formed for the night. It was fully two hours after sunrise when the castaways emerged through the scrub on to the sandy beach, and for a few moments they stood as if petrified at what they saw. Then a hoarse cry of joy giving vent to the long pent-up feelings rose from the throats of the men, and with a low hysterical moan Mrs Young fell upon the strand in a semi-fainting state. Not two hundred yards away, in a tiny haven, was a small sloop, on the deck ol which stood British seamen, and amongst them could be seen the figure of William Young. As the pilgrims were observed, an answering welcome sounded from the sloop, and a few moments later a boat put off. Within five minutes the castaways of the Pandora were on board the New South Wales Government surveying sloop, 'TheOxley,' and Captain James was listening in astonished indignation to the story told him by the orphan of old Captain Cooney. ' If it hadn't been for this queer fellow,' and James placed his hand on Young's shoulder, 'we would have been far away by this time, and God only knows how you would have fared,' said the skipper of the Oxley. 'What do you mean, Captain? Didn't you pick Young up here this morning ?' asked Ellen in surprise. ' Not at all. He came on board last night like a ghost about five miles to the north of this spot. We had run into a large creek for the night and were astonished to find evidences that a white camp had been recently pitched close to where we moored. That fact probably saved the poor fellow's life, for I see there's something wrong here,' and the captain tapped Young's fore head. ' Had it not been for seeing the remains of the camp so unlike those made by the natives,' he continued, 1 we would certainly have fired on him, for he disregarded bur challenges. Feeling that white men might be about — we did not dream that white women were in the vicinity,1 and here James gallantly doffed his hat — ' my orders to the sentries were not to fire on anyone or anything without absolute necessity. When this man came up in the. dark ness they carried out the orders, and as soon as we found he was a white man we crowded round him, but deyil a bit of information could we get out of him.' ' How did you come here then, Captain ?' interrupted the girl. 1 Well, we got this from him in dumb show. When questioned as to whether there were any other of his sort in the neighbourhood, he pointed in this direction, and when day broke we came round here under his guidance. Of course from what you have told me I now know what has caused his trouble, but you can thank him for having probably saved all your lives,' con cluded the captain to his wondering listeners. ' I actually believe he must have caught a glimpse of your craft, captain, yesterday afternoon from the top of yonder peak. There was something curious in bis look as he came down from the rock,' interjected Kinloch. 1 That must have been it. He could scarcely have come on us by chance, and would certainly not have left you as he did unless there was the prompt ing of glimmering reason in it. A sane person would of course have drawn your attention to what he or she saw, but in this case the mind was only able to grasp the single point, which was that a vessel was in sight. At any rate, he has done well, and perhaps ere long he will have all his faculties to command. I would like to get my hands on those ruffians who have injured him so, but no doubt they have long since been food for fish,' indignantly concluded the captain. ' You must have run into the creek where we camped the night before last, captain, and where our last misfortune happened,' spoke Ellen Cooney in a sad voice. To Be Continued 