FENIANS AND FENIANISKT REMINISCENCES OF All OL# REBEL. (Melbourne 'Age.') People who are old enough to remember the fears aroused by the Fenian movement and the precautions taken by the British Government against a rising will read with amused amazement the reminiscences of Mr John O'Leary, editor of the ' Irish People,' entitled 1 Fenians and Fenianism.' It is obvious f'rota these pages' that Fenianism never had the most remote ghost of a chance, and that the men who posed as leaders had neither the mental nor moral ability to cause even a moment's uneasiness to loyal Britons. it is dimcuit to see way Mr u Lieary nas pub lished this book, unless it be to show that if it were not for professional agitation and money dragged with great difficulty from the pockets of the Irish servant girls in America, Ireland might be aB happy and quiet a part of the Umpire as Yorkshire is. From this point of view the publication is undoubtedly useful, for no rational person could, after its peruBal, be tempted to join any future revolutionary movement in Ireland ! The writer of the book himself seems to have been a shiftless, aimless muddler, who wandered from Dublin to Paris, and from Paris to London, studying medicine in a desultory kind of way for many years, until his career wa9 cut short by a sentence of 20 years' penal servitude for the part which he took in editing the 1 Irish People.' That such a harmless weakling as he shows himself to be in his own pages should have been locked up at all, seems almost the height of absurdity, and his whole performance is an excellent lesson for the youthful generation of Irishmen who may be tempted to follow in the footsteps of their fathers misled by such alleged patriots. O'Leary, after pasBing through an experi ence wbich would bavc thoroughly disillu sionised most men, sjems to have gamed no common sense, and still prates about the need of physical force to ' free ' Ireland, and has nothing but snoers for those who seek to ameliorate her condition by constitutional methods. His first experience in revolution ary tactics was in 18x8, but he came out of that unscathed, not even succeeding in becoming a pensioner of the Government wbich he harl sought to destroy. When Stephens and some other old rebels lesus eitted the physical force program mo under the name of Fenianism he was ready to join, although it is quits impossible to gather definitely from his muddled narrative whether he was sworn in as a Feniau or not. The failure of the 1848 insurrection scattered the young Ireland leaders over the globe. Many were transported to Australia, whence they afterwards escaped, and joined their fellow conspirators, who had taken refuge in America. Most of them had had quite enongh of rebellion, but others, and notably Doheny and O'Mahony, brought together in 1S54 in New York a body of men who called themselves 1 The Ummet Monument Associa tion.' This society was the precursor of Fenianism, and in 1857 a young man named Owen Considine came to Dublin with a letter to Stephens from certain tfew York Nationalists, and also with a private note from O'Mahony to Stephe&B.; This com munication expressed confidence In Stephens, and called npon him to get np an organisa tion in Ireland to win her independence, and this may be said to have been the fitBt step toward the formation of the Irish Revolu tionary Brotherhood, popularly known as the Fenian Brotherhood THE GENESIS OP FENIANISM. Stephens, with whom Luby was associated, seems to have thought that there was some sort of organised body in New Yors behind the signers of the letter, and he at once accepted the call, asking for uncontrolled power and £100 a month for the first three months, in return for which he engaged to organise 10,000 men ! A young ambassador named Deneefe was despatched with these terms to New York, and he returned bring ing the acceptance of the other high con tracting .. party and £90 in cash. Mr O'Leary's memory seems to be of tbe weakest, both in regard to dates and events, and throughout his book he reiterates this fact, quoting ' my friend Luby ' to supple ment his own misty recollections. Here is Lnby's account of what ensned : — ' At once Stephens began organising. I had made some provisional trips in Meath county ; but 'twas on Patrick's Day in 18oS that the IBB movement was formally commenced. I drew np the form of oath under Stephen's correction, in his room at Donnelly's, in the street behind and parallel to Lombard-street, This first text bad clauses of secrecy, and of obedience to all commands of officers not immoral. 1 Bwore Stephens in, and he swore me. Deneefe, Langan, Considine and Garrett O'Shaugnessy were our first adher ents. Stephens and I presently made many journeys in Lei&stef; and MuhBtfer, sometimes together, sometimes apart. Our adventures Were often amusing. We enebnntered a variety of odd characters. Btephens now vaunted flanntlngly of his success. I hailed him as an able organiser. But the New Yorkers shamefully tailed to fulfil their promises. No second instalment came. The men already organised we're qnickly in danger of falling asunder for want of being communicated with. As much as possible we tabooed letters. Again Stephens sent Deneefe across the Atlantic. Shortly after his arrival in New York a remittance ot £20 was sent over to us ; then another £20 letter of credit, and finally Deneefe himself re turned, bringing £40. Again We travelled atound as long as the fresh supply lasted;' Such is the Fenians' own account of the multitudinous cry for succor which went np from the downtrodden Irish, and ot the noble liberality of the patriots domiciled in America. HEAD OB9TRB STEPHENS. It might be supposed from the great powers they gave him that the Irish agitators neld Stephens in high estimation; Bnt snch does not seem to have been the cafee. John Martin felt the want in Stephens of any of the more genial qualities. O'Leary says that he was vain, arrogant, with a most inordinate belief in his own powers and a proportionate contempt for those of others. Leonard, anbthef Irish leader, htvti could «efe any of th6 great qualities Which the gfe&t; Fehian chief Wa s supposed to possets, and had qnafrelled furiously with hia in Paris, To the rank and file of hi* followers he ma/ be said to have been mostly agreoable, and ev«n flattering ; far as their admiration of him was generally unbounded, ia praising and gratifying them ha was only in a meMure. satisfying his own self-esteem. Indeed this sense of satisfaction with his fdllbWers was wont very often to take a BdSfeWhSt IhdierdtU fdtth, tor while he thdnght io little of the world at Ittge and of many of whom it thought a food dial, he wodld say bt to the ordinary jfeuk of his own little world, not exaotly that he wfc* fc great man, bnt that he was, as the case might be, the greatest smith, salesman or schoolmaster ntit trady of INlnfid, bnt of the tlcfVttse, Mfifeover, 6itn iitt frtehds admit that he was ah ihcottfglbte liar* *hd O'l^eary, whtt sefciht to have beih hyphbtUwl by dtiphetu, ingillaottUy ttyt, ' tt WasDtfih impdtaible tO distinguish fact frtri tiho)T ih hl- talk* Iron ofton could not in the least brilsrve what he said, but yon mostly felt that he believed it himself, and could seldom or ever know that he didn't.' His methods re specting money matters seem also to have been somewhat peculiar. When funds ran low his temper always became bad, but while the money lasted he was f nil of optimism, at one time living in i'aris with two or three followers. !rhfese were costing ?honey, and became discontei and dernora lised by the aiknUss life they were leading. Others who were brougbt over from America and set to work drilling in their native places in Ireland, sometimes finding an organisation there, and sometimes not, gradually exhausted their funds, and finding no means of replacing them, went back to the StateB, bringing with them discontent and doubt, and most likely spreading dis belief and discouragement within the range of their influence. And wben money at one time did come in, Stephens shifted bis quarters to some place in bandy mount, near Dublin, where he took to cultivating flowers on rather an extensive scale, that is, extensive, taking into account the place he was in, and distasteful to his followers, who knew that the work of organisation was more or leBs at a standstill for want of money. And most readers will be surprised to learn that at the very moment when the ' cause ' looked blackest, and when the energies of the party were most needed for starting the 'IrlBh People' newspaper, Stephens, the champion of poor; distraught Ireland, found tima to woo another bride than his dear Brin, and to marry her. It is also amusing to find that those red hot democrats, his followers, were not so much annoyed at the inopportune time of the wedding as at the mcsalhance involved, for the bride elect was tbe daughter of ' a tailor in a small way of business ' I THE PEOPLE AVEESE TO FENIANISM. It is evident from Mr O'Lcary's own show ing that there was no natural deBire among the Irish to join the new organisation, and that those who did allow themselves to be sworn In were mostly brainless boys. Stephens failed altogether to gain the adhesion of such of the '43 men as had re mained in America. With the exception of Doheny and O' Mabony — the latter of whom waB for a time a lunatic— no man of pro minence joined him. Mitchell would have nothing to do with him. Richard O' Gor- man had exhausted his stock of patriotism in '48, and Thomas Francis Meagher, although at first inclined to join, withdrew as soon as be found that Mitohell was not favorable to the scheme. Stephens boasted loudly about his first two recruits, but they do not seem to have been very influential. One of theft, Langan, was 'a timber seller on a Email scale ' — probably a hawker of kindling wood ; and the other was ' fomo kind of worker in metals,' most likely a tinker. Around theBe leaders a few young mechanics were gathered, and the other principal recruits came from the large drapery estab lishments iu Dublin, very expert fellows no doubt in tbe use oi the yard stick, but scarcely formidable as wlelders of the pike. Thc6e recruits were formed into ' circles ' auaiogouB to rcgimentB, and the 'centre' or A, who might bo considered equivalent to a colonel, chose nine B's or captains, who in turn choBe nine C's or Eergeants, by whom nine D' s constituting the rani: and file were cho=en. In theory an A shoul i onl v be known to the B's ; a B to hia C's ; and a C to his D's, but this rule was often violate). The farmers or better class of shopkeepers would have nothing whatever to do with th: Fenians. The leaders at times seem to have recognised this fact, and we find Luby so disheartened aB to declare, 1 1 would not care if 1 were out of the business altogether.' Attempts are made throughout the book to throw some doubt upon the loyalty of the Irish police, but certainly without Buccess. We are told that Corcoran was a ' peeler,' as was General Gleeson, of some sort of Fenian fame ; and two out of the four brothers Bre&lin; were 'peelers,' and thfe third and last known of the brothers who aided in the rescue of the Australian prisoners and in the escape of Stephens was a turnkey, bnt the mention of these few I names apparently exhausts the list, O' Leary tries to show that the soldiers were easily enticed to become Fenians. The chief instru ment was a certain Patrick O'Leary, popu larly known as ' The Pagan.' His plan was very simple. He fiist asked his oian if he were Irish, then made his proposal directly, and immediately after preceded to adminis ter the oath. ' So the thing went on for about a year or bo, when some thousands at least of soldiers must have been enrolled. I have no figures before me nor are they needed, 1 have always understoad from everybody having to do with the matter that there was simply no limit to the getting in of these soldiers, save the natural ones of time and opportunity.' Most people would think that there was every need of figures and that Mr O'Leary's statement is a foolish libel upon the British army. This alleged treasonable tendency is referred to again and again in the book, bat not an iota of evidence j is given. Mr O'Leary says in a foot note 'Irishmen but too often take the ? Saxon | Shilling,1 but it is only the veriest of gohcmouclus that believes that this is from any love of the Saxon or the Saxon Queen. As I have said more iban once in this book j 'twas easier to make a Fenian of a soldier than of almost any man. Of course it was immoral to swear allegiance to the ttnglish Queen, and then to the Irish Uepublic, but I must be excused for the holding that the immorality lay rather .in the first than in the last.' That is the Fenian theory of this sanctity of an oath, and we are further told that treason to the Queen is no harm, in deed that treason to the Crown may be, and very often is, the highest form of loyalty to Ireland. Surely that it is possible to pnblish such pernicious stuff in London is the most convincing proof ot the lenity with which the Government regards Irish agitators. THE IBIBH PBIBST IK POLITlCB. Great as is Mr O'Leary 's anger against all Englishmen it is mild in comparison with the sneva indignatio with which he attacks the priests. He holds that tho priest has neither the political knowledge, nor thfa political training fitting him to guide others. He is not a free agent, for behind him is his bishop, behind the bishop the archbishop, and behind all these all kinds of elaborate and more or less occult machinery at Home. The prieBts, he holds, may be said, in all the latter Irish movements, to have been oh the side that was neither honest nor thb national ohe. They Were with O'Connell as against the yotahg lrelutders, and they wfere largely with Keogh and Sadlier against Lucas and Duffy, they are ignorant as a rule, and oh a lower level of culture than lawyers, doctors and Others of the so-called educated claiees. He quotes what Father Burke iS reported to have said aB follows The 'Irish People' he described as a Government organ, employed to put down the priests first and and to sell the dupes after for Government gold. Ha reminded his heaireH that anyone reading that papgr Was excom municated, and that heads of families allow ing it into their houses or those over whom they had any control to read it, wets damn&d;, As for the Fenians, they were the scruff Of the earth, a wretched rabble ; he would aSk but two peelers to drive 100 of them before them like chafi before the Wind.' One reason why the Irish priest* ate contemptible as stfon asthky begin to dabble in politics, iS that the majority are the sobs Of farmers. Xhby fcr& cent to college at an 6irly age, .knowing little Or nothing ol th6 Wotll The farmer's son, who Idoked With aw& npon th& village despot, finds himself ehddetly mdtftmor phosed lftto hh'obja&t; of f&vertaee.; ^hftir htedt are tttfhed, they begin to pt6a6h poli tics from the pupils, ahd tha ptleSti obh tequently loss tho the respefit of tne'pftdple, at least of all who m nst slaves tn 'Mid.. Of oonrse the real reason' &f; the AppDIitM of th e prieBts to Jft&lh;&Ula; WM blfous* if was a so are t society. It is not generally known that irt the human volot, thongh generally bht of felhb perfect tOnss, theri are actually no ion than 17,602,186,044,616 different sounds. These effect* are prodnosd by fobrwen direct mnscles, which give about 18,888 different sounds, fend thirty indirect musolss, which produM 78,7llt638 sOttAdl 