The Church's Councils. The councils of the fifteenth Cen tury succeeded, on the whole, in one of the principal objects for which they were convened, that of restoring or maintaining the unity of Christendom. At Constance the great Schism was closed; at Basle the difficulty with the Hussites was arranged ; at Ferrara- Florence, East and West were momentarily reunited. Hence, it was natural that, when religious dissen sion and disturbance broke out in the sixteenth century, a general council should be confidently looked to as the remedy. When Leo X., by the bull " Exusuarge Domine" (1520), condemned the doctrine of Luther, the latter appealed from the judgment of the Pope to that of a general council. The Diet of Spires (1529), insisted on the covocation of a council, and the Recess of Augsburg (1530), while forbidding religious innovation, promised that the case of the reform ing party should be laid before the council, which the Emperor would induce the Pope to convene, Writh most of the Protestant leaders this appeal was merely a device of con troversy. Luther worte to Melanch- thon : " We must admit the council in this sense, that our doctrine is true apart from the council, that the angels in heaven can change no part of it, and that the angel who should attempt to do so ought to be put under anathema and excommunicated ; much more, then, is it inadmissable that the Emperor, the Bishops or the Pope should judge of it." During the ponitficate of Clement VII. (1523 1534), it was impossible to hold the council; but Paul III., from the time that he was elected Pope, bent all his energies to this end. He issued let ters to the Bishops and Sovereigns in 1537, proposing Mantua as the place of meeting. Various difficulties arose especially on the part of the Protes tants and after long negotation, it was agreed betweeen Charles V. and the Pope that the place of meeting should be Trent, the ancient Tridentum, and imperial and episcopal City on the Adige, where Italy borders upon Germany, so that -> the Protestants could not say that the council, being held in an Italian city, would of neces sity be unduly influenced by the Pope. The Papal legates were at Trent in 1542, but the war that had broken out between France and the Empire rendered any large gathering of Bis hops impossible. The Treaty of Crespy (1544) restored peace to Europe, and the Pope immediately announced his - intention of holding the Council. The Emperor gave his consent, and his brother Ferdinand, meeting the German Protestant princes at the Diet of Worms (May, 545) endeavored to induce them to accede to the general desire of Chris tendom. But they pleaded that the Pope, by whom council was convened, and who would preside in it through his legates, had already pronounced against them, so that they would only go to Trent to hear their own con demnation pronounced Yet how could they expect that the Pope and the Catholics would leave the author ity of the See of Peter an open ques tion ? To do so would have been tantamount to admitting that the Protestants had been justified iu sep- arating. themselves from the unity of the Church. . It . was therfore clear from the first that no considerable body of Protestants would submit to the council ; still the Pope hoped; and with good reason, that the firmer definition of Catholic doctrine and the reform of discipline, which might be expected from the deliberations of the synod, would strengthen the position of all the Catholic rulers of the State and help them to arrest or undo innovation wherever the mischief had not grown to an incurable height. The first session was held on Dec. 13, 1545\. The Pope was represened by three legates — Cardinal Del Monte (afterward Julius III.), Cervino and Reginald Pole. There were present four archbishops, twenty-two bishops, of the Romans. The Prince-Bishop .five generals of order and envoys from the Emperor and the King of Trent named Count Sigismund von Arco, guardian of the Council, its secretary was the able Angelo Mass- arelli Cardinal del Montle, addressing the assembly, said : "It is your will, for the praise and glory of the un divided Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Ghost, for the increase and exaltation of the faith and religion of Christ, for the extirpation of heresies, the peace and union of the sacred General Council of Trent begins and has begun." Three points of great im portance were settled socn after, the opening of the Council. First, that the bishops should vote, as in the ancient synods, individually, and not, as had been done at Constance, by nations. Secondly, that the work of the definition of doctrine and that of the reformation of discipline should be carried on simultaneously. Thirdly that the style of the conciliar decrees should bear the impress of the Papal authority and presidency from the out set. After some deliberation it was decreed that the Council should ad journ till Jan. 7, 1546. In concluding our narrative we can give no better mode of expression to the work per formed by the Council of Trent than to quote Darras, in his "History of the Catholic Church" : " The Lutheran reform had assailed every institution,, undermined every dogma. The Coun cil of Trent, in the name of the Universal Church, of which it was the representative, under the pre sidency of the Apostolic legatee, dur ing its session of eighteen years, the longest of all the oecumenical coun cils, triumphantly vindicated the truth, of every dogma and raised, to the glory the Catholic faith, the most com- lete, the most victorious, the most unassailable monument that was ever reared ( 1 543- 1 563)" During its period four sovereign Pontiffs successfully held the. See of St. Peter. But the. spirit of God, which they transmitted' to each other as a glorious heritage, inspired all their actions and presided over every stage of that immortal assembly.— Wew York vreeman. 