THE GHOST OF "GGL- DINGTON GRANGE."'" Ghost and Spook layers have had a L i? time lately trying to solve the ghostly mysteries said to attach to 'Silverton Abbey," or, more correctly eP®hklnfj, "Goldlngton Grange," situate within two utiles of the scholastic town «. ucuwiu. x in; nisiory 01 the matter is very short. Messrs. Watson and Sons, a leading firm of land agents In ' have . had Goldlngton Grange 1\. their hands to be let for sonle time. It Is a lovely eld place, and under ordi nary circumstances a very desirable residence, A short while back Messrs. iWatson let the Grange. Sut subse quently the would-be tenant became unwilling to complete his contract ow ing to the ghostly reputation the old place had acquired. The original lessor, for whom Messrs. Watson Were acting, then rushed into print, and, under the title of "Silverton Abbey," virtually gave the place away to the public. The result has been amusing. Messrs- Watson and Sons have literally been inundated with applications for per mission to lay the ghost. Needless to say, much as these gentlemen would like to have the spirits laid to rest, they are as near a solution of the blood curdling -mysteries as they were a month ago. Two gentlemen, who were given per mission to visit the "Abbey." have communicated to the press their hair- raising experiences. They made a midnight exploration, and remained on' the qui vlve until 2 a.r\ Other spook- layers have been more Niodest. But there is a dull sameness in all tiieir re ports, which leave us as far away as ever from the ghost. Loud noises, re sembling splitting shutters, rattling windows, and shrieking human voices, were common td all the explorers. Still ness appears to have fallen over the house towards the early morning, and to, have left the Investigators as igno rant as to. the causes of the disturbing elements as they were at the com mencement. All sorts of suggestion are made. Decayed timber. A cow with a cough. A nest of young owls. Bats are among the number. We get no nearer, however, to the supernatural and in that the interest centres. To add a little farther Interest to the story — as Chamberlain and Kruger, . Matabeleland and Rhodes have been sit ting rather hqavily upon the public mind lately— allow the writer to give his experience, which is anterior to the "Haunted HoUsc" letter period In the "Standard." Wo have always , had a ghost at home In the country. It de- sce'nde'd to iho wlth tile' old Manor ' In which I live when out of London. At one time we had .spoplcs In the stack yard, but they are now reduced to one, and a very objectionable one It Is. ' 1 will let that pass, however, and to my story. I mention It oh passant to show that I am not unacquainted With either ghosts or spooks. I don't. say I like them. No man could say that except at noonday and his lie was safe in the sun light. Happening to be in Bedford, I obtain ed permission to visit "Silverton Ab bey," The mansion had been known to me for years, and, being the proprie tor of a ghost thyself, I was curious. I forthwith repaired to thd Abbey, pro vided myself with a lantliorn, and was bowed in by the custodian, who gave me a lofty permission to Wander whi ther I would, and then disappeared. I knew something of the history of the place, and ' of the .internal arrange ments, so the disappearance of the cus todian did not trouble me, I could take my own time, pry into holes and cor ners, test the secret passages, and ge nerally try to get the hang of the spi rits. It was In the short days, when prudence might have suggested de spatch, but so deeply did I become In terested In my Investigation that I took small note of time. The construction of the mansion is singular. If the dead- and-gone architect had aimed at pro ducing a house of "sighs and sobs," he succeeded very well. It Is a house of curious corridors, whence what seem to be low murmurs and harsh grating noises issuo'at fitful intervals. They jar on one's nerves. The peculiar noises were pretty generally distributed over the house, but a concatenation seemed to come from a cUpboard-llke recess in one of the chief rooms— the spirit of the dead architect, I thought, laughing at the scare hd had raised. They were nasty sounds, but then I never liked architects. They are always men of extras, and, if not paid for them, be come disagreeable. .'Ill the recess was a cupboard. I opened it, and revealed a curious dark hole In the wall. It did not look Inviting. The shelves were gone. On the floor .of the Innermost corner I saw— a something— a dark ob ject. On a closer examination It took the shape of a bottle. I reached out for It. "Old Malvolsle," Said I. But It wasn't. It wa3 a bottle of Very modern make, and about half-filled with a com pound called gin. I had landed one spirit, anyway, though only a very com mon one, as, from the etiquette on the bottle, It balled from the Lion Hotel, in Bedford ' High-Street. That was dis appointing; still he and his fellows may not be unconnected with the mysteries of the Abbey. ' I, Wondering, passed on into the chief guest-chamber. You know there are always chief guest-chambers in ancient abbeys "and moated granges. For sensation thoy provide the crux of the show. Ghosts and minor spooks generally have a weakness to hover about the guests of a household. It may be because the guests are uncertain quantities, and leave their little valu ables loosely around, where they can be easily seen and admired! As I en tered the chief guest-chamber I was sensible of a crash, as of rending wood. I paused. I did not like It. But, on re flection, I persuaded myself that I had Walked over a loose flooring board. I tried back to find it, but could not. That loose board troubled me, in spite of my philosophy. I cast it from my mind, however, with the reflection (as night was approaching) that loose boards al ways sound louder at night— especially if they are not wanted to. There Is no reason why they should, yet everyone will tell you they do— particularly peo ple they have caught up. I stood still to think over my next move when a sound — riBlng from a cry Into a shriek — brought me quickly out on to the land ing, with a curious sensation of cold water running down my back. I did not feel half as happy In the place as I had done previously. Butthat is a de tail. The yell was a stinger— like a final death yell. I could not go on for a few minutes. I next examined the windows The fastenings were good, but I was convinced, from the ease with which they rattled under my hand, they could sing some merry music In a high wind, and yield as many ghostly s'ulverlngs as creaky doors. ' I had heard such icreaks before, lfno,ut' I now des- cended the stairs cautiously, looking In to every apartment— I must say here that I began my investigation at the top rung in the ladder— and, without any further nerve-craclclng experience, I reached the entrance to the vaults. Here. I hesitated. The idea of vaults is disturbing. None of the other visitors or ghost-layers who have been ; to the Abbey speak of the vaults, so my ex perience is unique. I have said I hesi tated, and, as they say- "he who hesi tates Is lost," I ascribe my dreadful ex periences In the vaults mainly to that hesitancy at the entrance to the caverns. Ghosts take a double delight In scaring timid people. They pile on the agony, so to speak, badly. There was a candle on the staircase head. Mechanically taking It. up. I lighted It in the lanthorn I carried, and, putting down the lanthorn on the floor, I cau tiously picked .my way below to tlie subterranean regions. At this moment all was quiet, or apparently quiet, be low, although the sighing and'shrleklng which- from time to time, reached me from overhead rather worried me. Once below, I struck out to make a thorough Investigation of the cellars. They are peculiar in construction. Many of the curious arrangements, which had at tracted my attention above were again evident, only more confusing, for I very speedily got lost in the labyrinth of cross-passages. Very soon after enter ing the caves I found myself stopping suddenly, under the- Impression that someone was walking close beside me. A sharp roundabout Inspection con vinced me It was fancy; but. a feeling,of damp, discomfort began to creep over me, and made me determined to quit the vaults for the upper regions. In turning a corner,- with uneasy mind,' a sudden gust of wind . extinguished my flickering dip, and at the same moment something moist passing across my face caused me to, drop ..the candle with a startled yell. A hurried, search for matches revealed the miserable fact that I had left them in the lanthorn! The situation was trying, to use the mildest possible phrase I can apply to It! Why had I not brought the lan thorn? Yes! why? I had hesitated on the threshold! Volla tout. For the first time I began to feel very much alone. To retrace my steps would have been difficult, even with a light— In total darkness It seemed Impossible. I grop ed my way along the passages in a frame of mind better Imagined than de scribed. Now again came that feeling of a presence near me, making my flesh creep, and causing me to sweep wildly round with my arm. Oh! the horror of that hour! enhanced as , It was by sounds which seemed lllce unto moans of anguish Issuing from unfor tunate victims confined In tlie dungeons of those terrible vaults! How long I groped about In that horrible darkness I know not. My mind was chaos. I seemed to live a year In those moments. Onward and onward I went with the terrible conviction that I was moving, in a circle, as my hands seemed to come in contact with the same nasty sub stances, and the same moist sensations passed across my face. At last I reached the climax In my experiences. I must have turned a corner, for sud denly, in what seemed the distance, I saw a figure in white advancing to meet me! At last I had struck the ghost! You will expect me to own up that I was scared. I will not. It was not scare that took possession of me In mind and body— it was deadly solid funk.. I must have gone mad as the figure, gradually neared me. I continued -my onward desperate course until, bracing myself for a supreme effort — the' effort of des pair—I rushed with a yell utfon the ap parition. Theyell saved me: wltliout-lt, to relieve my pent-up feelings, I should have been now nothing better than a gibbering Idiot, It was the rush of despair. What struck me I did not re alise for many minutes later, when some of the stars, which -seemed sud denly to have Illumined the darkness, had partially gone out, and with trem bling hand I found myself staunching the blood which flowed from my- nose. I saw it. My eyes had fallen upon a sickly faint ghostly light upon the wall I had struck. It came from the stair case by which I had descended Into the vault, at the head of which dimly burned my lanthorn. This is my story. I prefer It to all the others relating to the ghosts of "Silverton Abbey," for nnnp nf the other fellows saw any- thing.— "European Mail." 