Sporting Gossip. By "The Special Commissioner." ENGLISH STUD STATISTICS. Some Bygone Ladies' Trophies. Earl Bosebey has joined W. Morri son's team at Canlfield, and The Gun has gone into I. T. Carslake's stable. ' M. Carmodv has tired of Camrose, who will be sent back to her breeder, Mr. M. H. Devlin, in the oonrae of a week or two. Athlone wae " added to the list " last week. The epeedy eon of Anteroa was getting very tricky, hence the opera tion. Hie fore legs, which look none too sonnd, were reoently blistered. Spindrift and Lnx will be sent np to the Calderme&de; paddocks on Friday for a good spell. Faladore, winner of the Richmond Stakes, for two-year-olds, at Goodwood, is the property of Mr. L. Brassey, a nephew of Lord Brassey. Faladore is a very aristocratically bred colt. He was got by Ayrshire from Palisandre, by Bend Or from Falisade. Ayrshire was got by Hampton from Atlanta, by Galopin. Although not a partionlarly rich event, the Richmond Stakes has been won by sonqe famous animals daring the past twenty years, aneb world-wide known celebrities as Janette, Wheel of Fortune, Bend Or, Bal Gal, Dutch Oven, Friars' Balsam, Orma, and Persimmon figuring in the list. English trainers and jockeys are, as a elaes, deoidedly wealthier than ours. . Of course they have greater opportunities than their Australian brethren to amass riches, bnt I fancy they are also of a thriftier dieposition. Very few of our trainers and jookeys ever think of laying by a store for a rainy day. "Easy come, easy go," appears to be their motto, con sequently I doubt very much whether there are half a score rioh trainers and jookeys in Australia at the present moment. Nearly all the English horse men who have died of recent years left their relations well provided for, and the will of the late trainer and formerly steeplechase jockey, Edwin Weever, wae proved last month at nearly £18,000. Favored with splendid, spring-like weather, it is little wonder the Findon Harriers' meeting at _ Canlfield last Saturday was an unqualified success, and it is to be hoped the meeting will now become one of the regular fixtures. Although punters may inwardly fame at losing their money on horses bestridden by ambitions amateurs, there is no doubt that "amateur" meetings, similar to that of the Findon Harriers, do a lot of good to the sport. Voong gentlemen with leisure ana means are attracted to the turf, and thus a better class of owners may corns to the fore. Not that a rich man is necessarily a straight goer. I could name several wealthy owners and ao could any racing h-.-h behind the scenes "—whose horses ran far more " in and cut" than those belonging to what are called " profes sional " owners. And what is more, the vagaries of those rich owners' homes are altogether overlooked by the powers that be. "The King can do no wrong," especially if he puts all his friends on to his good things. However, I am getting off the track. The piece do resistance last Saturday, even to racing men pure and simple, was the Ladies' Bracelet, a race that was- once a very popular item on the V.A.T.O) card. I conld never understand why the Canlfield blub dropped this rase. Large entries and big fields were always the rale — forty-two faced thB ' starter when -The Ghost won in 1833 — and an exciting race was generally the" result." Indeed, next to the Newmarket Handi cap, and, in later years, the Standish Handicap, it was probably the most im portant and interesting sprint race of the season. There was jnst as mnch, if not more, betting over the Ladies' Trophy, as the race was termed, than there is over the Newmarket Handicap at the present day. Close on five thousand pounds was the "stable" winnings when Jean proved successfnl in 1888, and the mare was a great pnblie favorite also. The book makers, however, often got a turn np, notably when the black selling-plater Hannibal, whose starting price was 20 to 1, defeated twenty-five others in 1885. Glad Tidings, Westbnry, and Meronry filled the places in 1882, and 100 to 4 was freely offered against either, without finding many takers. I remember this race well, beoause of a queer tipsterial feat accomplished by a friend of mine in conneetion with it. - The night before the raoe we were discussing the chanoes of the various oandidates, and I summed np the situation by remarking that the race (thirty- four went to the post) was too open to bet on. To this my friend replied that half the horses engaged had no chance, and he laid me odds that he picked ten not one of whieh would ran into a place. Strange to say, the first three he selected as having no chanoe were the three that next day ran first, second, and third, and he actually named them in the order they passed the 'winning post. To show the glorious uncertainty of the great game, I may add that Glad Tidings had ran unplaoed in the Selling Raoe the same day, yet he won the LadieB' Trophy in a canter. Thns the Newmarket correspondent of the " Sportsman " a few daye before the Stewards' Cnp was ran at Goodwood : — " Maloma, with her light weight (fist 111b), mnst represent a very great chance ikat her best, bnt there is, of coarse, a serious donbt abont that, and Bhe is not backed as if she was greatly fancied by the stable, who, of course, shonld know most abont her present form. One thing I can eay in her favor, and that is that no horse conld look or go better than she does, and, if not quite at her best, she is certainly on the way towards it, or I am greatly mistaken. Yester day the mare was ridden by Sharpies a good gallop over five inrlonga on the Limekilns with some stable companions, and when she passed me shortly after wards on the Severals on her way home I conld not bnt stop and admire her, ehe being undoubtedly one of the handsomest specimens of the thoroughbred we have got from " down under." If she is not qnito ripe enongh to distinguish herself in Tuesday's raoe, she will do so later, when thoroughly acclimatised, and show that her present owner made little mis take in buying her from the Australians. Tbe sister to Malvolio was quoted at 100 to 9 the day before the raoe, bnt 20 to 1 was freely offered on the oonrae. The mare was well backed for a place, bnt probably the money was not taken by the stable connections. I know of one Australian sportsman at present in Eng land who haB avowed his intention of having a good win over Maloma, and it is possible this gentleman — he is a heavy bettor — was jnst a bit " too previous" on "tbiF occasion. Anyhow, jfalnmn-WRs never prominent in the raoe. " Sporting Life " has published a tabu lated list, setting forth tbe winnings of the produce of the famous stallion Hues, whieh should prove very interesting to students of breeding, Tbe Vedette family — by the aid of the powerful St. Simon branch — heads the list, with a total of 104 winners, who accounted for 142 races of the gross valne of £61,854. St. Simon and Galopin, whom tbe late Brace Low declared were the best sire descendants of Vedette, have vindi cated that gentleman's judgment, their progeny last season accounting for £18,910 and £7705 respectively. Another large contributor to the amount won by tbe Vedette tribe was Donovan, who has £10,684 to his credit, Velasquez accounting for the greater por tion of that Bnm. It is interesting to note that Vedette had in his veins a a double cross of what old Doctor Short- honse so ridiculously termed " the accnrsed Blacklock blood," a strain tbe true value of which is now recognised by etnd-maeters. The cor rectness of the " number system" is exemplified by the etnd sue. cesses of Vedette and his great eon and grandson, Galopin and St. Simon. Ve dette, in hie first fonr removes on the dam's side alone, had no less than five representatives of the great sire families ; and the dams of both Galopin and St. Simon brought in more sire blood. As there are several descendants of St. Simon racing in Australia at present— Poeitsno is a son of St. Simcn — it may interest readers if I give the St. Simon's numbered pedigree. He beloDgs to the 11 family, whiob traoes back to the Seabury Royal Mare. Hie sire, Vedette (19), was got by Voltigeur (2) from a mare by Birdcatoher (11) (son of Sir Heresies, 2) from a daughter of Inheritor (4) (son of Lottery, lit from a daughter of Blacklock (2). St. Simon's dam, St. Angela (II), was by King Tom (3) (son of Harkaway, 2) from Adeline, by Ion (4) (son of Cain, S). It is a pedi gree that reads even better in the back lines. Other good sire winners for the Vedette family were Roeebery, £3683 ; Galliard (by Galopin), £3511 ; Crowberry (by Bosebery), £1943 ; St. Angelo (by Galopin or Clairvaux), £1659; St. Serf (by St. Simon), £1896 : Grafton (by Galopin), £1508; and Hagioscope (by Speculum, sire of Splendor); £1458. The Dongggjer family is second oe the list, tbe progeny of the son of StookweU securing £56,935, of which Kendal's stock claim the lion's share, -iz., £19,879. Gal tee More, of course, was tbe principal contributor to this amount. Kendal's aire, Bend Or, accounted fin; £3525, and his sons, Martagon (Bend Or — Tiger Lily), Bona Vista (Bend Or — Vista), Orvieto (Bend Or— Napoli), and Arklow (Bend Or — Lady Agnes) are also well represented. The Lord Olifden tribe ranks third, with £25,940, its principal winners being — Hampton (Lord Clifden — Lady Lang, den), £4688 ; Ayrshire (Hampton — i Atlanta), £4615 ; Royal Hampton I (Hampton — Princess), £8897; and Sheen j (Hampton— Radiancy), £2995. 