A HORSELESS CARRIAGE EPISODE . 'Aunt .7oruhu lutd never seen nor beard of tin? ii1n)vc, go she llimg up tin window mid (topped out Iter head with the grace und spring of a mechanical toy. "Lawks! Mercy sakes! Wal, 1 never In my life! If that don't heat the Dutch!" Aunt .Teruslm's vis-a-vis at I he tahh; near t lie window sin? had unceremon iously linns np was a handsome young man. 1111 artist. In fact, who had come to Secdvllle to sketch. Ho took no trouble to explain himself to Its vll- lasers, hut. dropped as simply as (>os- slide Into lite simplicity of Us life. "Mis Spearudni." he said, mildly, "If yoti will close that window my buck wheats and sausage will he much "Oli, hut Mikes aliver' she rescinded, "do look <|iilck and never mind your huekwheats! Ain't thai tin? eurloslcst thing you ever did see In all your lairi) days— and there ain't a shudder of a horse to It!" Vilas Stmifleld grew Interested. lie tore himself from his buckwheat cakes and projected Ids head from the win do\v, staring down the narrow by-street 011 which Aunt .lenislia lived with Hie true Seedvllle stare, "(.'tcsnr's ghost!" "What! Me it a ghost?" asked Aunt Jcrusha. yanking in her head and hulk- ing Keenly nr mm, as ir one or ine inner of 1 liein might he growing crazy. "I might have known thai 110 due hut Miss Waterloo would have ventured hilo "-'s region with an automobile tilbury! That bridge will never hold her!" And seizing Ids hat be rushed out of the house and down the narrow elm-shaded street after the horseless Whatever has struck that mini?" cried Aunt .lernsha, bringing down the window with a hang, now thai the show was out of sight. "Wlr.it did he cull it? Waterloo, was It? Wait til! 1 go tell Susan Sparyoriiawk I've sect) t> Waterloo." ami she hurried next door with this Wellington or Napoleonic: piece of news." The news all'ccteil the SpurrcriuiwkH fix it hud Auul .lernsha. They threw up the window anil ejected their heads, but with 110 satisfactory result. Sam caught up his hut and rushed down the slreet after .Mr Vitus Slntitlnld, wild sprung along In the wuke of the auto matic tilbury at a college-acquired gall. It was a very nice vehicle, enamelled In dark green ami upholstered lit russet leather. Ill the middle of the' seat, dressed In dark green and russet to nuiieli the tilbury, was it very young woman inanteuvrliig the motor as. if hut' only desire' 'was to keep her. turnout ut (he top of Its speed. Vilas Staulleld could not overtake It. lie' 'called; he Hung pebbles nl it; In whistled. It splashed through the puddles, and humped over the hicqmili- ties of the village by-road as If 'nothing would Im- allowed to slop It.- In a mo ment It would he upon u bridge, a crumbling bit of antique architecture that Seedvllle had clung to as a footway long after they knew it was unable to hold even the doctor's chaise,.. Iteeent. heavy rains had now nil but washed away lis supports. The automobile tilbury was as surely headed for ail icpldeiit as any whirring express with 1 Iwmhler on the tracks. Me turned while and whistled again: litis time the tune he uudshe had snug lit duel, as with this same hprselcsx tilbury they had rolled along the hard, broad roads in south-west. Knghiiid. She still whirled on. He put his lingers to his lips and ill- reused the strength or the whistle, ' She stopped, the wheels of her car riage on the very edge of the decrepit bridge, turning white, too, hut not be- .muse of tlie danger. "Mr Slatillehl." she said severely, as he came tip, "may 1 ask what ihlH- "(Jertaiiily" he said, touching his hni.' "You can't cross the bridge. It's not safe ovmi for foot, passengers. 1 saw you from my boarding-house window, and I oiinie to tell you." "Very kind, I'm sure," she said, wlllt ,n little toss of her russet, feathers, "but. I've 110 wish to have you save my life a scrotal lime. We had chough of thai melodrama at I hide:" ami she puts her hands on the motor bundles again. Me sprang forward, his eyes hlazhig. "I'm la dirtiest, Miss Waterloo. Yon must not. cross that bridge, unless you want, to he drowned." "I'lii.ln (lamest, too. I shall cross that, bridge, and,. I won't have you save my life. Tin obligation of having you stive It ut Muile Is enough." "Very well." he replied. In u hard, crisp tone; "I won'l'.savo It, then; bur here conies a iiiiiu whom I know. Sam," lie called, "show this lady huw to gel across by the other bridge." ami resum ing Ids hat lie- walked rapidly back to the village. ' "It's nonsense!" cried Miss Waterloo, ns soon. as Vilas Staulleld was out 'of sight. "Of course I ean go over this bridge. I hit vo crossed two Ibis morn ing that were unite as laid." "To tell 'the truth, now," said Sam, slowly, "he's about right. I wouldn't: drive our cow over this bridge since the last rain. Why,. IL ate tie mortar right out 'tween the stones. . I'll show yon the way 'round by the oilier one." "I haven't lime," six said, glancing down at the liny watch cliatchdue at her Jacket lapel. "I've lost over live minutes now. and I'm racing and must get back to Htceplclou as fast as I can." And once more taking the motor, she shot across the bridge almost to the other. side, when there was 11 waver, a ' crash, a collapse, and .Miss Waterloo and her tilbury automobile disappeared .with the bridge. "I swam." exclaimed .Kniji, "I swatul" and lliuglitg olf Ids emit, he managed to pick and scramble his way across the stream to her rescue. That's right," lie ciiRcd, eliccrilv, "Just sit unlet and I will give you a pull 011 to dry laud. Tin thing wouldn't 1 make such a bad Imai if It hadn't wheels and laid sides and would ttoat:" mid he gave the tilbury u Hlreug twitch in ward shore as she gathered herself to gether mid loMercil to her feet. I lllll't I 111 t I >11 " villi 1.1 ' 1.1 1,1 It.,. I as it is. and It shakes so." "The young feller knowed. didn't he?" said Sum.' discontinuing bis Jerks upuu 1 he carriage. "Mil. yes. I supjMise so. Where did he live? ('lease takc'ine to his place right away. I have no other friends nhoiit here, and my arm bur; awfully," mid la spile of her set ll|>x, she begun to weep. "Mun'i cry." said Sam. sympatheti cally. "Hold on a minute, and I'tl Hah , you out as Hue as a new ihldic," anil seizing a plank he extended it to her from the edge of the Ixink. ami tugged, pulled, splashed, and dipped her out with It. "Your queer buggy, or whatever it be. Ml have to wall there til I can git some of the Im».vh In 'give nic a lift with h. Kin you walk?" and he eyed Ills charge anxiously. " 'Ha use If you can, I'll gal lant you to Aunt .feruslm's." "Aunt. .leruslm'sV" "Yes; that's where he stops; It's Just next door to us. nti' 'twas tier thai omnc trouln' hi an' told ux aboiu you semldin liy like all isirtsexscd utid no bosses. So 1 gruhlxsl my hat and came rumdn' up to sec the show, but I didn't plan for no such grand one as t h Ls. Llow aro yon gel tin' on -can yon walk?" "I will try to," she said, stepping off very slowly, mid catching at his orm for snppu.i. "You don't mind allowing mo your arm for a little way?" "Mb. no; that Is — " and lie coughed violently as lie stltll.v projected his el I to w. "I've gallanted girls before," They made an odd pair for the village road. She, a draggled, tripping tnllor- gnwuod girl: he, a cherry-cheeked Seed vllle swain, wriggling with surplus at tempts to tie gallant and 10 nobly do his duty, yet glowing still more cherry- cheeked and wrlgglosnme as they cniuc within reach of the village windows.. "There be Aunt Jernshn's rigbt over there." he said. "She'll give you camp- fire or eat nip or whatever 'tis you want. I'll haf to go back and git my com; seems I forgot it." and dropping her from Ids arm he vanished around the ham, leaving her deserted opposite the brass knocker un Mrs Spearmint's side dmir. Miss Waterloo slowly crossed the by street to the side door. mid. niiteii dazed with Ihe shock, pain and embarrass ment of her condition, she raised, the knocker and let It fall with a tap. that brought Mrs S|xairiu!nt to the door. us if she had been wailing for it. . "Aunt .lenislia." said .Miss Waterloo, for want of a more formal mime. "Is— does— Mr Vilas Shuilield live here?" "lie do at present, hut hcVjnsI gone up and hanged himself Into what lie (sills his study." "May I'see him a moment?— thill Is, I think you'll have to take medti.. I've ,.,i(. it 11 in. 1 mi Ik,, 1 '.ten 1 nnf ngu iiiii bridge amir— " "Land el Moshen! Von don't say so! Wal. now; come right iti this mliitt. Mm awful glad to see you. mid so. he'll lie. no doubt. Ilm-l.-dhl you say? I'oor thing, and you're. ail sorter damp. , I'll Iclid you my wrapper while yoa dry tiff. Middle I'd better git a doctor?" "If somelNidy would send a telegram for '"tite," -Httlil : Miss . Waterloo, "I Wo,lld " "Wall, p'r'ups MrSiaiillcId will! He's ail. awful nice young uiuu. an', as hau- soiue as a plcler," ami. shoving an old- fashioned rocker toward Miss Waterloo. Mrs Spearmint rushed upstairs to the studio. . . ' , "Mr Sliiullcld!" . No answer. "Mr Vilas Staulleld!" ' No answer. J "tie yon asleep?" . "No." "Wal. there's hen mi accident to Ihe Waterloo, .un! she's downstairs wantln' you to telegram." TlioUiidlod<>or.Hei1 o|Mn. Vilas was past -Mrs Spearmint ami down the stairs tlm?c steps: at a time. -hut lie did not telegraph. He got the -automobile - til bury from the water; he sopped It up mid rubbed it down till it. looked us well us wlion it left the inanufueltirer. Then because Miss Waterlisi's arm, was so out of order, he got into the horseless carriage beside her ami took her to her Immc. Later he took her to his home.— "Chicago News." 