OUR STORY. A WOOF OF PROVIDENCE ; OR, GOD'S FIRE-LADDIE. (By Tohn J. a'Becket in the Irish Catholic). ( Continued .) Dr. Farnham's . quick sense of humour was moved so that he could hardly refrain from a smile at this reply. " Anybody would think I had asked him to take a cocktail, he thought. But this inward smile was succeeded by something like a sneer of indignation. " He is a game young fellow, and it is a pity to see him so smothered by superstition. Here he is calling for his priest before he even asks what his condition is, or how it can be helped. It is a surgeon that he wants more than a priest." Doctor Farnham's naturally mate rialistic bias had been deepened in him by his medical studies and prac tice. He regarded religion as a . phase of sentimental feeling, mainly affecting weak or narrow minds, and finding the best field for its develop ment in women and children. He was too broad and too busy to har bour any intolerance of it. Theo retically he deprecated its existence, and resented its presence as a slightly annoying obstruction. But he felt that the young fireman was not one to be easily handled on his religious side. " I will go for Father Vaughan myself," said the doctor, in his even, cheery tones. "Try and get a little sleep in the meantime, my boy." The physician found the priest on the point of going to the hospital when he called. Father Vaughan was a tall, ascetic-looking man of thirty-eight, quiet, direct, and ener getic in his movements, but of kindly and quick sympathies. He had an air of breeding about him which Doctor Farnham had not looked for in a Catholic priest. " Some of the firemen told me of poor Joe Farrell's accident, and I was just going to see him," he said. " How badly is he hurt ?" " There is only a ghost of a chance for him," replied the physician with decision. " He has a complicated fracture of his bones, and the shock to his system was tremendous. How he escaped being instantly killed is the wonder. The fact that he was not, and that he has such nerve and vitality, are the only points in his favour. Do you know anything about him, Father Vaughan ?" " I know him thoroughly," the priest answered, with a quiet smile. "Joe is one of the consolations of a priest's life. You can almost see grace work visibly in him. I do not think he has ever lost his baptismal innocence." " Indeed !" said Doctor Farnham. He was not open to enthusiasm on the subject of baptismal innocence, and " the workings of grace " did not come into his field. H had trained himself to translate terms of emotional feeling into pathological states of liver, circulation, or brain, which he re garded as their equivalents. Had he been obliged to give off-hand the best preservatives of " baptismal innocence " he would have said, on general principles : " Good digestion and plenty of exercise." " I confess I feel interested in him," he said to the priest, " he is so plucky. He had a sort of badge on him," he continued. " It had a blazing heart on it. I suppose he belongs to some fire association, and as he will have a seige of it, in any case, perhaps the members of the association will help him, if they know of his condition." " They certainly will," replied Father Vaughan, with another slight smile at the physician's remarks. "You are right so far. But the association' whose badge you saw on Joe Farrel is riot a firemen's associa tion exclusively. It is the Apostle- ship of Prayer, or League of the Sacred Heart. One of its principal aims is to offer reparation to the Heart of Christ, a human heart with human feelings, and make atonement for the neglect and insults which men heap upon it. Joe is one of the most edifying members of this league. In fact, his simple, strong devotion to the Sacred Heart led to accident. It was his day off ; but when he beard that the fire was next to the Church of the Sacred Heart he went to it, and was one of the most active workers. I shall be glad to tell him that the church was saved." ... "Somehow the reward of his devo tion does not seem specially encour agingly," the physician said bluntly. He could not forbear from the slight sneer, as he reflected on the broken fireman. " I should have thought the Lord might have looked after His own a little better. This young fellow was the only fireman injured. I can't say that I admire the Lord's way of treating His employes." " That is probably because you don't see the reward or the treat ment either," replied the priest calmly. "You need have- no fear that the good Lord will let Himself be outdone in generosity. But the accounts are not made up until the end of the day, and the end of the day is not until death. I can promise you that Joe will not complain." " No ; I do not believe that he will," returned Doctor Farnham curtly. " He seems one of those absolutely simple souls that are com pletely under the subjugation of re ligion. I've no doubt you realise, Father, how your Church appeals to the ignorant and uneducated ?" " Yes ; Cardinal Newman, for example, Manning, Orestes Brown- son, the present Pope, St. George Mivart, and many other illiterate bigots whom you can probably recall yourself." " Well, of course, we view the matter from different standpoints," replied Dr. Farnham evasively. " There is no need, Father, of letting the young fellow feel that his case is hopeless, or nearly so. It would only worry him to know he is in such a bad way, and would impair the small chance in his favour." " There, again, my dear doctor, we view the matter from different standpoints. You may rest assured of one thing," the priest added with some emphasis, " that nothing I shall do will interfere with any suc cess you might gain by your skill. It will contribute to it. If there is no hope, positively none, of Joe Far rell's recovery, he would be most anxious to know it, and I shall tell him. If a ship were suffering from a mortal wound, you would hardly commend the captain for concealing, it from the passengers for fear it would worry them. It is his duty as soon as the ship is doomed to tell them, that they may have a chance for their lives by getting away in the lifeboats." " There is a little sophistry in your remarks, if you will permit me to say so, Father Vaughan. The very reason why I did not want you to tell the young fellow was because it will hinder his chance of getting into the lifeboat." "You do not understand, my dear doctor," replied the priest, with the same smiling but calm earnestness, " that to a dying Catholic the Sacra ments of the Church are the lifeboats. When his body is going to be swal lowed up by death, his soul must get into this lifeboat to be carried to the shore of heaven. But it is natural and kindly in you to feel thus, and I can assure you again that all I shall do or say to Joe Farrell will only increase the likelihood of his recovery by strengthening what is strongest in him. Don't imagine, either," the priest continued, " that I shall not do everything I can to help him to get well. Such good fellows as he are needed more on earth than they are. in heaven. You cannot be more interested in him than I am, and I will co-operate in every way possible with you for his comfort and recovery. I should like you to feel that 1 am your strongest ally." The heroic young fireman had really enlisted Doctor Farnham's sympathies to an nwonted degree by his undaunted and quiet courage and his perfect simplicity in bearing his affliction. Farrell had not once ex pressed a regret, as he had not once uttered a groan that could be re pressed. There was something in this finer than stoicism. The physician's interest was m ich enhanced when he learned on inquiry what a hard, cheerless lot the young fireman's whole life had been. Born in poverty, his parents had died when he was too young to appreciate what parents are, and he had been re ired by a woman friend of his mother, since he had no relatives of his own to care for him. Joe had received only the most rudimentary education, as he had been put to work almost as soon as he was old enough to work for hire. He had struggled along in this forlorn, barren existence, a clean, wholesome, honest, and cheerful boy, until he was twenty. Then he had entered the fire department. This was the beginning of what seemed a career that promised to his sturdy fidelity promotion, a certain dignity, and a comfortable maintenance. This prospect had been blasted now by the accident which Doctor Farnham felt would mean the fireman's death. That worthy physician's heart was deeply stirred by the thought of such a gaunt, bare life, and so cruel an ending of it. " Trying to save a church when he had no need to go there at all, and then, when he had accom plished this service to the good Lord, to come tumbling down five storeys, scapular, Sacred Heart, and all, and plumping on the one shutter of the whole building that was open ! All the other firemen escaped. Not a complaint out of him, and his first thought is to send for his priest to help him, I suppose, sing thanks to the Lord for His tender mercies towards him. The Christian religion is certainly an effective thing some times, whatever one may think of the effects." Dr. Farnham relieved himself by this commentary on the fireman. Whatever he thought of the religion that marked Joe Farrell for its own, he felt that the young fellow himself was entitled to all respect. The sunny, earnest nature of the fire laddie, whose sweetness seemed to have thrived on privations and hard ships that so often engender callous ness, if not vice, made a notable im pression on Doctor Farnham. He had never had quite this emotion before. His own life had not lacked struggle and sorrow, but he had found himself at thirty-five with a lucrative practice, and possessing a comfortable luxurious home. There was a soothing pleasure io this man, whose life had been so richly filled out, in trying to invest the poor, broken fireman's miserable condition with what comforts he could. He brought him books and magazines and illustrated papers, besides supplying him with fruit and wine and jellies. He came frequently to see him, and stayed long by his side. II. One day, when Dr. Farnham had brought a fresh supply of dainties, the fireman turned his honest grey eyes on him and said with childlike simplicity : " I don't see why you are so good to me, , doctor ; you're mighty kind. I didn't think doctors were like this. I never had one before. " Yes, I am a very good man," said Dr. Farnham, with playful sarcasm. 'fit's just as well you should think' so. It runs in the family, so I can't help it. My sister got most of it. I am a brute com pared to her. To tell the truth, Joe, I don't do this to everybody, even when there is as much reason for it, perhaps, as. you. So don't give me too much credit. But I like your pluck. She used to do it all the time and to everybody that suffered. How she would have liked to have known you ! " he uttered involun tarily, as he looked at the wasted form and thin, resolute face of the young fireman. " Why ? " asked the sick man, with a sense of curious wonder. "Well, she liked helping people that suffered. You would have gone straight to her heart, because you take your pains and grit your teeth and bear them, and don't get out of temper over them. Then she would have been interested in you because you got hurt doing what you did." " There's no use in hollerin'," said the fireman, as If it were merely a question of philosophy. " She liked to see plucky things, did she ? She ought to have been a fireman, doctor ? " "Yes, it was a great pity that she wasn't," replied the doctor, with mock regret that brought a smile to his patient's lips. Joe was getting to know the doctor pretty well, and liked him. The next time he came to the cot where the fire laddie lay he found him rigid in a paroxysm of pain. Dr. Farnham watched for a moment silently the features so warped with the struggle, and wondered that through that mask of anguish such a strange placidity found expression. Joe was resisting the attack of pain just as he used to fight a fire, with all his might and main. As a particularly poignant pang rent him there was a slow, hardly perceptible movement of the lips. Doctor Farnham bent his head, and caught the words softly breathed, " Jesus, Mary, and Joseph !" The spasm passed away. He raised the lids of his sunken eyes slowly. When he saw the doctor he greeted him with a faint smile. His gaze rested on him for a few moments in an absent way. Then he said, as if prompted by his line of thought : " What is her name, doctor ?" "Her name ?" replied Doctor Farnham, with a look of surprised inquiry. " Who — oh ! my sister's name ? Florence." " Oh ! I know to a 4 1 ' what would please her," replied the doctor with assurance. He was touched and gratified to see that the thought of his sister had lodged in the mind of this deserted fire- laddie, and was blossoming into pleasant reflections. His sister's sweet beneficence seemed to be still exercised even after her death. The fireman had taken her as a tenant into his big, simple heart, so bereft of objects on which love could dwell, and was artfully fostering this novel and grateful inmate. " Does she ever come to the hos pital ?" he asked pensively, a new light coming into his eyes. Doctor Farnham recalled Father Vaughan's remark about the work ings of grace being almost visible in Joe Farrell. " I don't know what the 'workings of grace' are," he thought, " but you can see his thoughts and feelings almost as you do the fish in an aquarium." He said aloud, quietly, but with a slight repression in his voice, " She used to come regularly. She is dead." He checked himself at the simple statement. " Oh !" murmured the fireman, with an expression of sorrow on his face. It was something of a loss to him evidently. After a moment he said simply, " I hope I didn't hurt your feelings, doctor ?" " Oh, no ; not at all !" replied the physician, quickly. He would not show that it had, but the death of his sister had taken out of Doctor Farnham's life the strongest stay and consolation it had ever known. Her odd association with this young fire man whom he _was so interested in stirred a strange sweetness in him. ' " Well, she's in heaven if she was so good,'j the sick man rejoined after a moment more of thought. He evi dently looked on that as the most supporting consideration when one who was dead rose in his mind. " Do you mind speaking about her ?" he ( Continued on page 8.) ( Continued from page 4.) asked, turning his eyes sympatheti cally on the doctor. " I never had a sister nor a brother. I never had nobody but Mrs. Megargee." He smiled a little, as if he had never realised it in quite that way before. " My dear boy, I like to hear you talk about her," returned Doctor Farnham emphatically. " I know just how she would have felt towards you. If you like to talk about her, it looks as if you felt that, and it gives me a happiness you can not know." " You see the way you spoke about her made me feel as if I would like to know her. Of course I'd have liked her if she was your sister. You've been pretty good to me. I'll bet she was good," he added, with the most artless conviction. " Did she look like you, doctor ?" He raised his grey eyes to the doctor's clean-cut, handsome face. " People said so. They thought we were a good deal alike," replied Doctor Farnham. " But she was a good deal better than I'll ever be." " You needn't say that," protested the young fellow loyally. "You're good enough." After a moment's silence he asked, with diffidence in his manner, "You haven't got a picture of her, have you ?" - " Yes ; would you like me to bring it and you see it ?" " I'd like first- rate to see it." When Doctor Farnham got home he sat down at his desk and took from a small drawer a package of photographs. There was a set look to his face as he looked at them in turn. Then he picked up a small miniature on ivory, in a frame of Russian enamel. It was one that he kept always on his desk. It repre sented a beautiful young girl not more than seventeen. There was a dainty sweetness in the small oval face, and the hair seemed like a golden aureola. There was such a pure, sympathetic expression in the smiling countenance. The deep blue eyes rested with tranquil content full on the one looking at the miniature. For some moments the doctor dwelt on the exalted beauty of this face. Then he wrapped the miniature in tissue- paper and put it carefully in his pocket, returning the photographs to the drawer. " I don't know what Father Vaughan would think of this," he said to himself. " But I know what you would want to do, Florence, for a poor fellow whose life has been so starved in affection. If you are where you can see and know what goes on here now you will not disapprove of this. We are working together still." " How do you feel to-day, Joe ?" the doctor inquired the following morning. " I'm weaker. I'll be off soon, I guess. Father Vaughan gave me the Last Sacraments this morning, so I'm ready to start any time." " Well don't lose heart. You are too game for that," replied Dr. Farn- harm, with a professional cheeriness. " I sha'n't lose heart," he answered quietly. " I am not tired of living, but I guess it's just as well. It's better than living a cripple." He smiled, a smile that did not seem forced at all. " Did you bring the picture, doctor?" The doctor took the miniature from his pocket, unwrapped it, and gave it to the wasted fireman. He took it in his big, brown hand and looked at it. His face, gaunt and furrowed by the inroads of pain, softened into a brightness that the doctor had never seen on it before. For a moment or two he looked at it without a sign or word. A faint, sweet smile came to his lips, and his broad chest rose with a contented sigh. "You didn't say she was a beauty !" he murmured at last. " Anyone would know she was good by just lookin' at her. She couldn't have been more than eighteen." (To be continued.) 