The Haunted Schooner. (A Tale of the Eastern Seas.) The Ghosts of the West are laid, are laid, The Spirits, and Elves, and Sprites; The steam-whistle's scream hath made them afraid,— Too clear are the White men's nights. The gas-jet's flare, and the lamp-light's glare, The clamor, the rush, the roar, Have driven them forth from the lands of the North To roam on an alien shore. But the Ghosts of the East wax strong, wax strong, For the land is spent and old, And the corpse-lights whisper a tale of wrong To dead men under the mould, While the Han--s cry 'neath the starless sky, And the Witch-hags laugh and yell, When the night shuts down o'er village and town, And opens the gates of Hell. I CANNOT pretend to explain this story, nor do I ask anyone to believe it; that is entirely a matter for private judgment. But those who know the East intimately will hesitate to assert that anything, no matter how unlikely, is impossible in the land where man's body is bathed in splendour, while his mind remains hope- lessly steeped in unending night and gloom. I can only tell the tale as I heard it; first from a white man, who knew me well enough to trust me not to laugh at him, and later by a Malay boat- swain, who did not realise that, by telling a plain story and relating facts exactly as they occurred, he was running any risk of becoming an object of ridicule. I have not attempted to use the words of either of my informants, for the eyes of the East and the eyes of the West are of different focus, the one seeing clearly where the other is almost blind. No given circumstances have precisely the same value when they are related by a Native or a European, yet each may speak truly according to his vision; and who shall say which of the twain attains the more nearly to the abstract truth? The islands of the Eastern Seas, where life is too indolent for a man to do more than dream over the marvellous grouping of the treasures, and the lavish use of light and color and shade wherewith Nature paints her pictures for lazy eyes to look upon; where the sad, soft winds lull you gently with their spicy breath; where the air comes to you heavy with memories of the cool sleeping forest; where action is folly, and all effort seems a madness; and where the drousy people, taking the true spirit of their surround- ings, seem to be given over to slumber and to dreamy rest,—these islands of the Eastern Seas have the power to bind a man to them for all his days. It needs an effort, for one who has drunk deeply of the intoxication of these sleepy places, to break away from them, and effort has become repugnant to his very being. But if, as happens now and again, a man grows weary of the islands, he must turn his back alike upon them and upon the rising sun, for if he goes towards the East he only increases his trouble. Almost before he is aware of it he will slip into the archipelagoes of the Pacific, and there life is still so entrancing, in spite of the Germans and the Mission- aries, that he soon finds himself bound hand and foot by ties stronger even than those from which he seeks to free him self. If, however, he turns resolutely to the West, he may push his way through any one of the hundred gaps that are to be found in that long fringe of forest- clad islands which skirts the edge of the Malay Archipelago. Then, peeping through the gates of the straight, he may see once more the open, restless sea, and heaving to the horizon, beyond which, separated from him by more than a thou- sand leagues of storm-swept ocean, lies the east coast of Africa. The little straits of Sunda are the favorite track for such wayfarers, and as vou near the western outlet, the point where the calm seas of the Archipelago join issue with the fierce waters of the Indian Ocean, you look your last upon Malayan lands. However insensible you may be to beauty, however impervious to the influ- ence of your surroundings, if you have sojourned long enough among the is- lands, or in the Malay Peninsula, the fascination of this corner of the earth will have eaten into your heart, and a keen pang of regret will be yours as you turn your back upon the land and beat out to the open sea. On your right hand lies a broad tract of forest, broken here and there by little dainty villages, the bright patches of green marking the cultivated land. The jungle, fading away in the distance, colors the earth it covers an even green- ish blue, softer than any hue for which man has a name; and behind that, very far and faint and dim, rise the white and azure mountains of the interior. The fleecy clouds appear to float around them, casting broad belts of shadow on the plain beneath, and all the land slumbers peacefully under its green coverlet. This is Sumatra; and on your left the coast of Java smiles at you through the evening light. The villages cluster closely along the shore, the ordered fields, gay with the splendors of the standing crops, spreading inland almost as far as the eye can carry. Here and there a dark patch of forest breaks the brighter green of the rice-fields, and the hills are seen dimly, blushing faintly in the glow of the setting sun. Ahead of you lies the ocean, restless and hungry, a strange contrast to the sleepy shore; and in the very portals of the strait, grim and hard and awful, without a blade of grass to soften its harsh outlines, Krakatan, rising sheer from the sea, stands blackly outlined against the ruddy sky. This wild mountain of roughly-hewn volcanic rock, so black in color and so strong and harsh in outline, so rudely unlike the smiling land on either side, resembles some fearful monster that stands on guard before the gates of Paradise. In 1883 Krakatan belshed forth fire and lava, destroying thousands of human beings and laying whole dis- tricts waste. Ships far out of sight of land were licked up, and burned like chaff, by the floating fire that covered the sea for miles. Reefs rose clear from out the deep sea-bottom where formerly the waters had been unfathomed, while islands disappeared, dragged down into the bowels of the ocean. The deafening reports of the eruption's thousand explo- sions carried far and wide, filling distant Malayan lands with strange rumors of battle. But to-day Krakatan rears its sullen crest skywards, silent, grim, and terrible, like a destroying angel who has the power to strike but itself is inde- structible. It was lying close under the lea of Krakatan that my friend the White Man chanced to find the schooner, which he bought so cheaply, from the adipate, or headman of the coast, near Java Head. She was a dainty little craft, two-masted, and in first-rate condition. The price asked and given for her was absurdly small, and the White Man was full of his luck at having fallen in with her. He had no very high opinion of the morals of the Rajas, or headmen, who dwell in Malayan lands, and he told himself that the adipati had probably come in posses- sion of the schooner by means which would hardly bear scrutiny. That, how- ever, he considered, was no affair of his, for men who roam about the Archi- pelago are not apt to be over-scrupulous, nor do they usually ask awkward ques- tions about such gifts as the gods send them. All went well until my friend set about seeking a crew to man his schooner. Then he found that no living soul upon the coast of Java, nor yet among the villages on the Sumatran shore, would set foot aboard her. He wasted weeks in vainly trying to persuade and bribe the people to lend him a hand to sail the ship up to Tanjong Priuk, which is the port for Batavia, but at length he was forced to abandon the attempt. Not without difficulty he succeeded in forcing the adipati to refund one-half of the pur- chase money, as a guarantee that the ship should not be resold until he re- turned to fetch her. Then he set off for Sulu, where he had a large connec- tion among the divers and fisher-folk. A couple of months later he returned to Krakatan, with a gang of yelling Sulu boys crowding a tiny native craft, and took formal charge of the schooner. The money was paid, and the ship began to beat up the Straits before a gentle breeze; and, after putting in at Tanjong Priuit to refit, and lying for a week or two under the shadow of the great Dutch guard- ships inside the break- water, the White Man and his crew set sail for an oyster-bed of which the former alone knew the situation. I cannot tell you exactly where this fishing-ground is, for the White Man hugged his secret closely. Among the islands men pride themselves upon having exclusive know- ledge of some out-of-the-way corner that no one else is supposed to have visited. It not infrequently happens that a dozen men plume themselves upon possession of such knowledge in regard to one and the same spot, and until two of them meet there all goes happily enough. The White Man spoke to me of his schooner, in after days, with tears in his voice. She was 'a daisy to sail, and as pretty as a picture,' he said; and even the Malay boatswain, who had his own sufficient reasons for hating her very name, told me that at first he loved her like the youngest of his daughters. Now the custom of the Malay pearl- fishers is this: the ship is anchored on the oyster-beds, or as near to them as is possible, and the diving takes place twice daily, at morning and evening. All the boats are manned at these hours, and the Sulu boys row them out to the point selected for the day's operations. The White Man in charge always goes with them in order to keep an eye upon the shells, to physic exhausted divers with brandy or gin, and generally to look after his own interests. Presently a man lowers himself slowly over the side, takes a long, deep breath, and then, turning head downwards, swims into the depths, his limbs showing dimly in frog-like motions, until, if the water be very deep, he is completely lost to sight. In a few minutes he again comes into view, his face straining up- wards, yearning with extended neck for the air that he now needs so sorely. His hands cleave the water in strong, downward strokes; his form grows mo- mentarily more distinct, until the fixed, tense expression of his staring face is plainly visible. Then the quiet surface of the sea splashes in a thousand drops of sun-steeped light, as his head tears through it, and his bursting lungs, ex- pelling the imprisoned air, draw in the breath, for which they crave, in long, hard gasps. If the dive has been a deep one, a little blood may be seen to trickle from nose and mouth and ears; at times even the eye-sockets ooze blood, in token of the fearful pressure to which the diver has been subjected. He brings with him, from the depths of the sea, two oyster-shells, never more and very rarely less, and when these have been secured, he is helped back into the boat, from which another diver is now lowering him- self. These men can, on occasions, dive to the depth of twenty fathoms, one hundred and twenty feet; and though the strain kills them early, they are a cheery, devil-may-care set of ruffians till such time as their lungs and hearts give way. The shells are the property of the White Man, for the divers dive for a wage, and it is the mother-of- pearl to which the European looks for his sure profit, the pearls themselves forming the plums which may or may not fall to his lot. My friend always opened his shells him- self; and, indeed, it is a fascinating em- ployment, when each closed bivalve may contain within it a treasure on the pro- ceeds of which a man may live in com- fort for the best half of a year. The Malay boatswain sometimes helped him, but his interest in the matter, being vicarious, was less keen. The White Man and his schooner reached the oyster-bed in safety, and work was begun on the following morn- ing, each of the divers making two trips to the bottom during the day. The shells were lying 'as thick as mites in a cheese,' my friend told me, and he got three fine pearls on the first day, which is more than any pearl-fisher living has a right to hope for. Therefore he turned into his bunk, and dreamed of great wealth and an honored old age. He was just shaking hands warmly with Queen Victoria, to whom a moment earlier he had presented a necklace of pearls as big as plover's eggs, when he awoke to find the Malay boatswain stand- ing over him. 'What thing ails thee?' asked the White Man in Malay. 'The order hath come to Abu,' was the reply. 'When did he die?' asked the White Man, who understood the Malay idiom. 'I know not, Tuan,*' said the boat- swain. 'I found him lying face down- wards on the deck a little abaft the mainmast. He died startled (suddenly), and no man was at hand to watch him at his death.' 'Gome, let us see,' said the White Man, rolling off his bunk, and together they went to view the body by the light of a ship's lantern. Abu lay dead, naked to the waist, with outstretched arms extended and the palms lying flat upon the deck. Half-a- dozen of the Sulu boys stood in a frightened group at a little distance from him, talking together in low, uneasy whispers. The White Man turned the body over on its back, and put his hand upon the dead man's breast. He noted that the face had been badly bruised by the boards of the deck, against which it had struck when Abu fell. Apparently the man, who in his lifetime had always ap- peared to be a strong, healthy fellow, had had a weak heart, and the diving had proved too great a strain for him. The White Man said so to the boatswain, but the latter did not seem to be con- convinced. 'Has the Tuan noted this?' he asked, turning the body over as he spoke, and pointing to a minute black stain on the skin below the left shoulder blade. The White Man examined the spot carefully. 'It is a birth mark,' we said. 'Perhaps,' said the boatswain, doubt- fully; 'but in all the years that I have seen Abu stripped for the diving never have I remarked the said birth mark.' 'Nor I,' said the White Man; 'but if it is not a birth mark, what then may it be?' 'God alone knows, Tuan,' said the boatswain, piously; 'but I have heard tell of spirits who scar their victims, leaving such a mark as that we see.' The White Man was righteously indig- nant. He felt that it did well to be angry, for superstition is an unseemly thing, more especially when it tends to prevent a man from working one of the best oyster-beds in the whole of the Malay Archipelago. The boatswain took all the hard things that the White Man said to him with the utmost composure; but it was not difficult to see that the Sulu boys, who had stood listening to all that passed, felt that reason lay upon his side. Diving was resumed on the morrow, but my friend noticed that some of the younger men failed to reach the bottom, apparently lacking the nerve required for the violent effort, while both old and young seemed to be somewhat sullen and uneasy. The White Man did not like these symptoms at all, for every wise pearl-fisher knows that much depends upon his divers being kept in good spirits. Accordingly when night had fallen, and after the evening rice had been devoured in silence, he did his best to rouse his people by organising a dance on the open space abaft the main- mast. Drums and gongs were produced, and the Sulu boys thumped and clanged them vigorously, while one of their number blew the shrill serunai, whose note resembles that of a demented bag- pipe. Then some stood up and danced nimbly, and all lifted up their voices in discordant song. Men of the Malayan race are gifted with volatile natures, easily cast down and easily lifted up again; and soon the people on the deck of the schooner were singing and laughing, bandying jests, each man competing eagerly for his turn to rise up and dance. Their faces, with flashing eyes and teeth showing white through gums stained dark red with areca-nut, looked as merry and as happy in the flare of ship's lanterns, as though death and the fear of death were thoughts to which they were utter strangers. The White man heaved a sigh of relief, and shortly before midnight he stole away to his cabin, and set about the task of opening the oyster- shells which had been taken during the day. Suddenly a bewildering hubbub broke out upon the deck. The drums and gongs were silenced, and the sound of the serunai died away in one expiring wail. The lusty song ceased, and the noises which replaced it were yells and screams of fear, mingled with the patter- ing sound of naked feet scurrying along the deck. The White Man seized a pistol and rushed out of his cabin. He found the boatswain cower- ing against the bulwarks, his teeth chattering like castenets and his body bathed in a cold sweat. He was too spent with fear to do more than moan, but at last the White Man suc- ceeded in shaking him into articulate speech. 'Behold!' said the boatswain, and with a hand that shook violently he pointed to an object a little abaft the mainmast. The White Man walked up to it, and found that it was the body of one of his people, a youngster named Intan. He lay quite dead, in the same attitude as that in which Abu's body had lain upon the previous night, and on his back, a little below the left shoulder blade, was a small, dark stain upon the skin. The White Man picked up the body and carried it to his cabin, where he laid it gently down upon his bunk. In the bright light of the lamp he could see Intan's face clearly for the first time. The nose and forehead had been bruised and cut by the fall upon the deck, but the face still wore fixed upon it the ex- pression which it had borne at the moment of death. The eyes were start- ing from their sockets, the mouth seemed open to scream, and the whole face told a tale of abject, masterless terror, fear such as it is given to few to experience and to fewer still to survive. The White Man tried to tell himself that Intan's heart had been rotten, and that death was due to natural causes; but with that strange mark below the shoulder-blade before his eyes, he failed to convince even himself. While he still stood pondering upon the mystery, the boatswain, and the mandor, or headman, of the the Sulu divers, came to the cabin door and begged to have speech with him. They spoke in the name of all on board, and entreated the White Man to set sail that very night, and shape a course for the nearest land. 'This ship is the abode of devils,' said the boatswain; of evil spirits that war with man, and in the name of Allah we pray thee to depart from this place, and to abandon this woeful ship. Behold, as we sat singing, but an hour ago, sing- ing and dancing with our hearts at ease, of a sudden it was laid upon us to gaze upwards, and lo, we spied an aged man climbing out of the rigging of the main mast. Out of the black darkness, above the reach of the lantern light, he came, climbing slowly, after the manner of the aged, and indeed he was far stricken in years. His hair was white as the plum- age padi crane, and his beard also was white and fell to his waist. His body from the belt upwards was naked and bare, and the skin was creased and wrinkled like the inner seed of a durian. He was clad in a yellow waist-shirt looped about his middle, and his fighting-drawers were also yellow. It is the colour of the Spirits, as the Tuan knows. He had a long dagger, a Kris cherita, of many tens of waves to its blade, and he carried it cross-wise in his mouth as he climbed. We who looked upon him were stricken with a great fear, so that we might not stir hand or foot, and presently he descended on to the deck. Then we fled screaming, but He of the Long Dagger pursued Intan, and smote him on the back as he ran, so that he died. Thereafter the spirit swarmed back up the mast, and disappeared into the dark- ness. Many beheld this thing, Tuan; it is not the talk of a child; and we that saw the evil one cannot endure to dwell longer within this haunted ship.' The White Man did not know what to make of it, for he was not himself in- clined to superstition. His influence with his people was great, and their faith in him was as the faith of little children in their parents. Therefore he made a pact with his crew, by which he promised to sail for the nearest land if anything untoward should happen on the following night, and he further pro- mised to watch with them, and protect them from the spirit, should it again descend among them. The crew were in a state of abject fear, but they at last agreed to accept the White Man's terms. No diving was done on the morrow, for the men had no heart for the effort, and though an attempt was made it was speedily abandoned as useless. Night found the crew huddled together on the deck, a little forward the mainmast, with the White Man sitting nearest to that dreaded spot. He tried to induce them to keep up their hearts by thumping the drums and gongs, as on the previous night; but the songs died down in the singers' throats, the serunai wailed dis- cordantly, then ceased, and as the hour of danger approached, a dead silence of fear fell upon the crowd of men, hud- dled one against another for the sake of company on the dimly lighted deck. Shortly after midnight a tremor ran through the crew, and half a dozen men started to their teet. All were gazing upwards with craning necks to the rig- ging of the mainmast. The White Man could hear the sighing of the wind through the cordage, the creaking of a rope against the mast, and the hard breathing of the frightened crew; but though he strained his eyes to peer eagerly through the darkness, nothing could he see. It made his flesh creep queerly, he told me, as he stood there, while the night wind sighed gently overhead and the little lazy ripple broke against the ship's side, to watch the frightened faces of the Malays, gazing with protruding eyes at something he could not see, something in the rigging of the mainmast, whose descent towards the deck they seemed to watch. 'It is He of the Long Dagger !' whisp- ered a voice behind that sounded harsh and strange. The White Man would never have recognised it as that of the boatswain, had he not seen the man's lips moving. 'Where, where?' he cried eagerly, glancing from one terrified face to another; but no one heeded him, all seeming spell-bound by the creeping, in- visable thing they watched in agony. The harsh tones of the White Man's voice died down, and the little quiet noises of the night alone broke the stillness of the heavy air. The sea and sky seemed alike to wait for a catastrophe, and the fear of death, and worse than death, lay heavy on the watchers. Presently the awful silence was broken rudely by yells and screams, such sounds as the human voice alone can produce when men wax mad with panic. The groups behind the While Man broke like a herd of frightened deer, the Malays flying in every direction, shriek- ing their terror of some unseen pursuer. And still the White Man could see no- thing. He turned to watch his people in their flight, and as he did so a chill breath, such as often whispers over the surface of the tropic sea during the quiet night-time, seemed to fan his check and pass him by. As he watched, the headman of the divers, who was running up the deck, his breath coming in hard, short gasps, suddenly threw up his arms, his hands extended widelyk and with a fearful yell fell prone upon the deck, his face striking the planks with a heavy, sickening thud. The White Man ran to him, and lifted him across his knee; but the headman was dead, and below the left shoulder- blade the strange, dark stain that the boatswain had called the scar of the Spirit was plainly to be seen. Before dawn the schooner was under way, heading bravely for the nearest land. The Sulu boys slunk about the deck, or sat huddled up against the bul- warks, talking together in scared whispers. The sun shone down brightly on the dancing waves, and the schooner leaped joyously through them to the song of the wind in the rigging and the ripple of the forefoot through the water; but Nature alone was gay and well pleased that day, for the schooner carried none but heavy hearts, and souls on which lay the fear of an awful dread. Early in the afternoon land was sigh- ted, and when the white trunks of the cocoanut-trees could be clearly distin- guished below the dancing palm-fronds, first one and then another of the Sulu boys leaped upon the bulwarks and plunged headlong into the sea. The White Man could do naught to stay them, for they were mad with fear, so he stood despairingly gazing at the black heads bobbing on the waves as the swimmers made for the shore. Only the old Malay boatswain remained by his side, but even his fidelity could not look the prospect of another night spent aboard the devil's ship steadily in the face. The white man aiding, they made shift to lower a boat, and taking such articles of value as were capable of being removed, they too turned their faces shorewards. During the night a wind from off the land sprang up, and carried the schoo- ner away with it. By dawn she had vanished, and so far as I am aware, she has never been heard of since. I have said that I cannot pretend to explain this story, nor do I know any thing of the former history of the schooner, before the White Man chanced upon her at Krakatan. Perhaps, if we knew the whole of the facts, an explana tion might be found; but for the present, you must content yourselves with a fragment, as I have had to do.— HUGH CLIFFORD, in Macmillan's. 