\- TURF KOTOS " -. . Melbourne: and- Caulfield CuphWeights on Monday. Soult. gives promise :q£_bldss6mirig into a champion hurdle . racer ,w HZ; was-.withdwwn'.fm.'t|Ja',Ei'0. Grand National Hurdle Itnoo yeatoitlay-.' , Eight Grand National '.horses are- engaged in'tho Steepleohaao at Il'illiftmstown to-day. ' Mihtlock nncl' Bayo'net ni'eassisting to keep Cn'vbirio's naine in 'evidence.' 'j -Dundee pulled up'.very'lamc iifte'r 'ninriinK lnithe Hurdie .Race' at -Cnuhiejd.' ; - -'Kirigsloy-lias be'ori rotairried to his owner, Mr. M'Lcan, of-Rockloy, New South Wales. " Maribyrnong " on Thui-sday is - tho only suburban fixtm'o niiuouncqd lor next week. Tlie" customary compound: of racing and ozone will be -purveyed ;'at Williaius town to- day- . . . Good entries have been received for the minor events' of the V.R.C. Grand National meeting. . The handicaps for the minor events of the V.R.C. Grand National meeting will be de clared on Monday. Entries for next Thursday's meeting at Maribyrnong close with Mr. A. H. Cox, the secretary; on Monday. May Day, starting at 2 to 1, won tho Long Roign'.Handicap at Sandown Park, on Tuesday, after a good rnco with Mclcma and Tecoina. Suburban racing will be suspended dur ing the period intervening between the first and last days of the V.R.C. Grand National meeting. The steeplechaser Will o' the Wisp has developed signs of lameness, nnd Mr. K. 11. Drew has turned out Pevenl's conqueror at Dlemington. \- The English filly, by Prince Rudolph, whom Mr. 'S. Ilordorri imported with the stallions Giriue and Haut.Brion, has been put into work at Bandwick. :E. Power, who recently purchased Bloodshot from Mr. Harvev, intends -to put tho horsa to about 10 well bred mares, at his resideuco, at Ascot Vale. One of the most recent ndditions to Mr. R. ,H. Frew's team at Dlemington is a bay gelding, who cleared G.feel 5 inches at the hist Narandera show. Lento, who displayed groat paco as a 2-year- old early laet season, sliowcu a retention of form ''by winning the Trial Hnndicap at San down Park on Tuesday. Tho eminent Burgeon, Mr. T. N. Fitzgerald, is so favorably known on the turf that racing men generally aro rejoiced to know lio has re ceived tho honor of knighthood. The Queensland horse Black Harry termi nated his career in tho Hurdle Race at Mentone on Wednesday. He fell and sustained injuries which necessitated his immediate destroys). The latest information regarding tho Wclling- to n horse Doondiah is that ho is just able to walk, and it will, it is expected, be fully three week9 before be will be able to be put into work again. Bookmakers wishing to ply their vocation at Flemington for the coming racing season should send in their applications for registration at onco to prevent disappointment, tho numbors now being limited. Turracom was on Monday submitted at auc tion at Kirk's Bazaar, by Messrs. Campbell and Sons, and at 100 guineas he was knocked down to tho gentleman who races under tho name of Mr. J. M. Roberts. The steeplechaser Flat Iron made his re appearance at Cau)ficld on Saturday, after a lengthy, spell off duty, and shaped in a style to justify the anticipation that, there is yet a race or two left in him. The accident which befell -'Caijipron wlien- riding Confusion at Moonee Valley has not proved so serious as nt first antici pated, and he expects to be sufficiently re covered to do Larrikin every . justice . in the Nationals. Mr. R. H. Frew has a large number of good looking hunters in hand this, season, some of- which give promise of developing into" steeplechasers, notably- a grey gelding by Cable (son of Tubal Cain), owned by.Mr. George Russell. . Second forfeit (3 sovs.) for the V.R.C. Grand Nntionpl Hurdle'Race must he de clared and paid to the secretary before' 4 p.m. on Thursday next, 1st July, or the nominator will be liable for balance of sweepstakes (9 sovs.). - Tecoina,. after running third in the Long Reign Handicap at Sandowu Park on .Tuesday, was saddled up for the final event, Her! Majesty's; Purse, which, site- won 'quito easily f rom " Eriion-nri-kmick, Iyhu and: ten others, starting at- odds of 8to l. . - . Mr. T.-UpHill, tha Indian trador, intends to leave Molboufne at the. end of the month in tlio stcamor Nuddea. He will take several horses to Calcutta, including Mignon, Cinder Ellen, Kimbolton, whom he bought at Caulfield on Saturday, and a number of youngsters ho! purchased- last- season in' Sydney. -Mosses. Davis Bros. will alBO take .a Bliipment by tho ta'm<5yeiael,;tlie principal 'horses beingSnray, . aftd'jWjimrirideforider. | At WiUiamstowri"to-?doy.',iho HurdleRjico may go to Hia Graco or Chartreuse, tlie" w infer1 Handicap to' Homespun or Hera, tlio Steeple- ohaso to Tarracom or Dread tlm t T Race to Yarrow or To Como tlm v'w8 Handicap to Sunbury or Swivin t'i eok Lux ond BlackHarry (dead) lam' l.„ 1,0 H drawn from tho Hurdle ' Race L0I?J r ' witl»- Winter Handicap, Zouroff from the 'J18 clinao and Lux from tho Jumpers' Flat EaCe Don John made an unsuccessful ,i i , over hurdles at Caulfield oh SutunL- M succeeded m getting rid of his r dl' ind verty, without coming to grief lihnself n'"" John jumped some of the lii,v.ii„.V "Si1 cicntly well to give promise of nllhinnte".1!," iicicncy at the game. '"innate pro- Homospun ran another second in the n„„„ . Plato at Sandown Park appeared to fairly cave In when taS'i i Woodbine who skirted at odds of 8 to 1 Sardius gelding was not so successful wi10n ? more fancied for tlio concluding ovent of « day, won by Tecoma. 8 Tho i Oaklands Hunt Club will hold a meet, inc at Moonee A alley on Saturday" 04H» Ju V, when stakes to the value of 2V0 so will be run for. Four of tho six events the programme are of the jumping ord?? two of- them a hurdle race niul steente' chase, being restricted to amateur riders \- , The following nre the drawers nf i'i,n placed horses 111 Tnttereall's consultation In the.Mttitland Cup:— First, Mrs. 31. worth, Kumara Junction Wosilnn i v« Zealand, £720; secoSd; H'Boycc .SriW-n cw Zealand £180 WaKlOS- tt0n' Q"irindi' Another of those undignified spectacles peculiar only to CaulficlcT disgraced' the heath again on Saturday, in the form of a selling race. When will the V.A.T.C.'a love for lucre— the perpetuation of the plnting abuse can he ascribed to no other t-ausol! cease to disgrace their course with such abominations? n ;.fJ . The following aro the drawors of -pHced 1.,?c8,n Tattersall s consultation on tlie Itosc. !U11,C"P' ®1Bed with 25.000 subscribers 1'irst 3V. N. Campbell, care Mrs. Allen, South- street, Beaconsfield, via Fremantfe, West Aus- tralio, £22p0 ; second, Abraham, Quirindi, Nog South AValcs, £07u ; third, Blanche E Shying, 00 Sliopherd-strcet, Darlington, Now South V alee, £-150. Thcao amounts are net. Australian owners and breeders who may bo ambitious of trying thoirluck ill England will lie interested in nil announcement that entries will bo received at the V.R.C. office up to Tuesday, 29th inat., for two of the greatest jumping events ill tlio world. These are the First Britannia .Steoplcchase, of four miles, nnd First Britaunia Hurdle Race, of two miles, to be run nt the Warwick Spring meeting in ltlUO,' under tho patronage of tho Princo of Wales. The condi- tionB in each caso provide for fixed weight.', with certain penalties and allowances, andeneh event is worth. 3000 sovs., with a trophy value 100 sovs. . The South Australian Jockey Club hold ri Jubilee, meeting nt Morpheltvillc on 3Iou- day. Splendid weather prevailed, and 10,000 persons were present. Jlackcrs lmd a fair day. Thcy canie at Reverley, however, for the Accession Handicap, and lie failed to score. ' Quiekshot; winner' of the Diamond Hnndicap, ri-ns bought in for £85. Joskin, who rode Evanston in the Steeple, ivas dis qualified for three months for interfering with Confidence. At tile luncheon of the &A.J.C.; committee Sir Richard Baker pro posed the health of the Queen, which was received with most loyal enthusiasm. 1 Until Saturday last the field of 42 for the I Ladies'. Bracelet at CnulQcld ill 18S3 was the record -one for Australia, but the lloscliill Cup, won by Kelso, went one better, so that the race won .by The Ghost will 110 longer be quoted in this respect. Mr. Tom. Vat- son, champion starter as lie is, did not get I the .mammoth field away without a mishap, j Owing to one side of the harrier going up I several of the jockeys were under the im- j pression that a stnrt was intended, and com- j pleted the distance, nnd Skylnrk won by a 1 neck from Admonition, witli Warawc third, j When the start ' was effected Messmate, I Telegraph, Glcudcnuon'niid Precaution got I first away, the lastnamcd taking up the run- 1 ning, followed by Telegraph, while two | lengths away- came Frolic, Devoted, Glen- j dennori and Read ford. At the distance | Telegraph was well clear of Auren, Alarie jj Mny, Kelso and Somiramis. Then Kelso 1 'eolrimen'oed -to' close- on the loader, and, get- I -'ftlfg on'terms" -witlilhim- 50 yards from the | p:ostt/> beat.odil'm - by ki: length. ! Semiiumia 1 came ill third two lengtliR'heliiridr The win- 1 ner started at odds of 20 to 1. Tattersalls I sweep was responsible for the immense I field. . I 