BODY-SNATCHING. Dublin graveyards are nearly nil outVule the walls-that is. supposing the walls to exist which once inixle Dublin a fortified town. There are a surprising number of them when when one thinks of it, and the more surprisinc that they nrn not churchyards, but simply places «t sepulture, though occasionally a ruined gable thrusting itself above the grey headstones proves that once the gravis wern clustcicd about a church. There is quite a ring of those almost forgotttrn graveyards suiroiiuding Dublin at every point-gruesome places until Nature has quite recovered them, and, as in thu case or Bully's Acre, the most famous of them, hidden,nil except the shoulders of the gravi f tones, under the long wuving grey green grass, as Inxnriaut as the coarse grass of American prairies. But this does not take place until man has'consented to give back the grave yard to Nntmo ; and this is what ho is loth to do in Ireland. He elings to his own right, and his children's, to be buried with his father's as strenuously as he clings to his patch of land where bo lives. Why, the attempts of the Roy it I Hospital authorities to close, or even to enclose, Bully's Acre, caused the most violent riots in Dublin. Once the Liberty Boys marched out to uttnek the ltuyal Hospital, ond tvnre met with closing of the gates and hasty arming of the veterans who hud fought at Blinden, Detti gen, and the Heights of Abraham The mob was repulsed with some slaughter by the old soldiers, but the attempt to enclose the historic graveyard was given up. The place was finally closed as a burial- ground after the cholera of 1832 had congested it past its utmost limits. They buried live hundred there in ten days. The same year saw the burial there of Dan Donnelly, the famous pugilist, who had in in ternational combat beaten the Englishman, Cooper, in that indentation of the Currngli of Kildare known since js Donnelly's Hollow. Nothing would pleaso his adoring countrymen but to bury I heir champion in what is known as " Brian Burn's grave." And there under the ancient Cross of St. Marguend the prize. lighter's dust mingles with the Royal duBt of tho victor of Clouturf. Old people in Ireland will toll you still of Donnelly's triumphant entry into Dublin after the prize-light. He was carried on men's shoulders in the midst of a roaring sea of men, while his old mother walked at tho bend of the procession, crying with exultant pride as alio beat her bosom, " There's the breast that sucked him ! There's the bieant that sucked him !" A couple of miles or so from Bully's Acre, on the high road leading to Kildare, is Blue Bell graveyard, which used to he the scene of .many bodysuutchiiig exploits. It, too, is closed as a place of burial, though, still, buiinls take place there by stoalth. It is hidden by a high wall, with a big gate at one end, and a lonely luno leads to it from the road. Such placcs, in I heir lonelhtc.ss and isolation,wore thR body-siiatohers opportunity. I know one who when his looks were linl-wbite wus an innocent accomplice in the body-snatching I give the recital in his own words : " There was a mau named Jemmy Byrne, in my grandfather's employ, aaed to drive a milk cart to Dublin by the Naas-road every morning, I was a rosy-cheeked little chap at th« time, not abovB eight years of ago. One morning I was in the cart with Jemmy, and it was the groy of the morning. Wbeu we came nigh Bluo Bell, Jem my pulled up iu the shadow of the wall and gave a low whistle. There was another whistle out of the dark, and then two line, able-bodied young fellows lifted a suck into the cart. Tho minute wc had it Jemmy drove off like blazes. ' Sit down 011 the sack,' said Jemmy lo me, 'an' miikn yourself comfortable, an' if we're stopped just keep your seat and look quiet an' nisy, au' I'll buy you a flue lump of gingerbtead.' We weren't stoppod that morning : I've no doubt Jeminy couldn't have bad a better disguise than my innocent face. 'Twns long afterwards, when I was uearlya man grown that I knew what we picked up in the sack and dropped ut Steeveu's Hospital. They used to give Jeminy one-and six or two shillings for fetching in tho body among the milk-cans; Jemmy was the devil for roguery of all sorts ; but I wouldn't have,takon the riBk, not I." The risk was no light thing. The relatives of the dead used to watch the graves, and woe to the body-snatohor who was cuught red-hnnded 1 Young Dr Abraham Colles, of Merrioii-sqiinre, was either shot dead in a body-snatching mtlce, or died of the wounds. It was at Snggard churchyard, further into the conntrv than Blue Bell, and in u wild mountainous district. He and some others were lifting the body of a girl who had died of consumption when they wi re surprised by the watchers. The man who Tired that fatal shot was a near relative of the dead girl. No one betrayed him, though every one knew ; I suppose they thought it wasajtiBt retribution. The man died the other day at a ripe age. I bad seen him many a time, ruddy cheeked, blue-eyed, his red beard beginning to grizzle. To judge by his looks,Dr. l.'olles's death had not lain heavily on his heart or conscience. Sir Dominic Corrigau used to tell us how ho took part in body-su»tching expeditious, aud of how he. had tu run for his life Irani Bully's Acre, with an iufurialed crowd at his heels. A friend of mine became very innocently involved in as disagreeable an adtenture. He is an enthu siastic antiquarian, and being ou a visit with a friend, a country doctor, he suggested one even ing that they might see the old abbey by moon light. The abbey is ou a headland jutting into the bay. .They reached the place before thu moon was up, and having left the town bt hiud, found tho country enveloped in the uitchy blackness before moon-rising They had taken the precaution to bring a lantern, however, aud this they proceeded to light when they bad turned into the long, lonely lane, which is so truly a road of sorrow. Arrived at the abbey, tlioy amusod themselves wbilo waiting for mpoii-rising, by deciphering with the aid of the lantern the inscriptions ou thu old tombs. A-wet fog was blowing in from the sea by this time, and they began to consider the advisnbility of getting back to their warm fire side. Suddenly there was a faint rustling moveim nt through the long grass obout the graves. " Ghosts !" said my friend. " Worse," said the other man iu a fierce whisper. '* The watchers ! Out with the lantern, uud make a dash For your life !" The lantern was blown out and flung dowu with a clutter ou a hidden grave stone. That minute there seemed to be a rush from every side, " God grant now th~e moon doesn't rise !" prayed I he unhappy antiquarian. He eluded half-a-dozen grips as he made his dash for life. At every ste.n ho fell over old headstones, or stumbled upon graves. All around him be heard men cursing below their breaths as they too groped and felt in tho blackness. He iras some time before he found an exit from the graveyard, for though the moon rose the fog was a thick while vapour. Once bin presence of mind saved him. He was suddenly cuught and held iu the mist. " Damn it, man," he said iu a husky whisper, " don't throttle a friend !" The baud relaxed from his throat, and a fen minutes later he was pelting across fields as bard as he could go in the direc tion of the town. His friend had reached home before him,and was considering whether friend ship obliged him to call in the police. '* I knew if they had you it was murder," he said, " but on the other hand, if they knew it was I was in your company, my bouse would bo wrecked and I myself driven out in the world. Ob, the devil take you and your antiquities !" " Easy," said the other, " 'twas yourself should have known the folly of the thing. And surely you could havo cleared yourself to your own townsmen !" " The ttnti rs of the orunu wouldn't >vnsli me !'' wiitl tliu diictor, '. ami miylimv, they'd give ma no trill, "J'wmild be a case of hanging first anil trying mi; afterward*. Hut nil's well that ends well. Thoru'llhe n hullabaloo nbnut Hit: hody .snntnbing. but they'll put it down to llio lads from C 3lo.1ical School. One devilment more or loss lo tho account of thuso luckoit won't matter." -M 1**11 Mull Gnzi tte." 