CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal afternoon. Bain was rustliug down upon the grass, falling in- cessantly from grey clouds. Mists streamed up from the low pastures, and blurred the sides of the hills. As night approached tin« dreariness of the weather increased, and tog began to roll and spread up the valley, and to gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On the banks of the river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half a dozen labourers, who were dragging the water with wide nets. The low thun- der of the weir sounded above the noise of the voices ; and the water, swelled by the rain, rushed down the fall, yellow with clay mud, and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give up their work, when a shout from one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, slowly and with diffi- culty, some heavy burden was dragged up from the depths of the water. Saranna <J ibson had been missing since the night of the murder, and at last two men had come forward, and related what they had heard, that evening, near the weir-pool. Their story was sufficient to cause a search ; but the river had been dragged all day without success. Now, in the wet fog of the twilight, Saranna's body was found. Jonathan was among those upon the bank. He went forward with a bewil- dered loek, and the curious gazers fell back to let him pass. When the.still figure was laid down upon the grass, he bent over it in silence. One of the searchers, with an involun- tary exclamation, pulled off his coat, and flung it over the dead face. Then Jona- than straightened himself, and passed his hand across his forehead. " Hoo'd best come whoam," he said, in a subdued voice. Somebody got a plank, and the body was laid upon it, and covered with a piece of sacking. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of the town. The fog thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's hair and beard dripped with the damp, as he fol- lowed in the steps of the bearers. His chin rested on his breast, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. When they reached t'.e main stteet th« crowd at their heels increased. Two figures coining in an opposite direction stopped short as they met the advancing throng. One of them was Mr. Leicester, and he pointed to the plank and asked if there had been an accident. " 'Tis Saranna Gibson," he was told by half a dozen eager voices, " hoo's bin found i't' weir." Mr. Leicester turned to Jonathan. "I'm sorry to hear this, Gibson," he said, " very sorry." Jonathan lifted his heavy eyes and stared at the lawyer. Mr. Leicester's com- panion, a tall, clean-shaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentness and some in- terest. Then suddenly Jonathan spokw. " Hoo's dead ?" he said, briefly. " Yes. I am very sorry." " There's no ca' to be sorry. It war th' best thing as could coom to her." "What do you mean ? " " I'se noane say what I means, now. Is Mesther Sandys boun' to be tried afore a judge and jury, as they're sayin' i' t' viUage." *' Yes." responded Mr. Leicester briefly. Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook the beads of wet from his fingers. "I'se be theer," he said dreamily, "I'se be theer." And then he passed on after the bearers. "That is a strange fellow," Mr. Leices- ter's companion remarked, as the two men went on again, after this momentary in- terruption. "Yes. I wonder what he meant by those last speeches. He's half-witted." ** Has he any connection with our case ?" " His daughter had." " Aye. In what way ? " Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage between Mr. Sandys and his wife which Lewis had in- terpreted as a quarrel. By the time he had finished speaking they had reached the Priory. The butler admitted them, glancing at the stranger curiously, and showed them straight into the room where Lady Sandys and Esther were sitting. Betty Jupp was there also, for Esther had refused to part with her, and the baby lay asleep, tucked up among the cushions of the couch. The old woman would have lifted her charge and withdrawn, but Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She therefore sat down on the other side of the sofa in silence. The room was in firelight, and the flickering glow distorted everything, and lent impishness to all the objects upon which it played. Betty's face was a witch's head grinning above tho couch, and the shadows of some chairs were three devils dancing in a corner. Perhaps the un- certain gleams made Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so, and, with a queer nervous shiver, she liastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leceister introduced the stranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady Sandys greeted him with a curtsey, Esther with a few nervous words. He was the solicitor who was to draw up the brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he ha«l pencil ami notebook toady in his hand. Mr. Leicester began to juill oft" his gloves, and <»ne or two commonplaces passed as Lewis brought in the lamp. They all watched him mechanically while be ad- justed the wick and drew th" curtains. The baby moved a little, and made an inarticulate sound. Hetty glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick shake ot'the he ul. The old woman saw that her niece desired her presence, ami -die began softly to bush the child where he lay. \- Now," said Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness, " if you please. Mrs. Sandys, we want all tho information in your }>ossessiou." Esther moved restlessly, and ber cheeks flushed. " I will toll you what I can," she said. And forthwith she related, carefully and slowly, all the incidents she had witnessed which bore in any way upon the murder. The two solicitors heird her in silence, but the stranger-Mr. Berkeley-glanced at her sharply now and then. When she bad finished speaking, he asked a quick question. " Hoes anyone else know of all this :-" .. Nn-iin one." La«ly Sandys had remained silent, and Esther had been too much occluded in giving a elem* coherent account of events to ask anv questions. But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, she turned to Mr. Leicester. " I should like to understand, please, she said, pressing her hands tightly on her chest. " It has all been so terrible and sr< confused. 1 have understood nothing. What good can all this story do Hum- phrey r" Mr. Leicester looked at her with com- passion, touched by the strong constraint she was putting upon herself. Then he made her sit down again in her chair, and tried to explain the matter to her. " We want all the witnesses we can get," he said : " you see, the case against your husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that the charge which killed Mri Fitzroy was sent from Mr. Hum- phrey's gun, and, as you know, the last time the two gentlemen were seen together Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowling-pieae, while Mr. FitzKoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Hum- phrey's account of the matter is that he and bis cousin parted company soon after they had passed the Chellow Dene Works. Mr. FitzRoy borrowed the gun, saying that he might come across some game on the moors near Heath Brows, and that it was too fine to go home. Mr. Hum- phrey ¡icquiesced, and turned to- wards the valley, but sat down near the weir, and only roused himsely when the twilight began to fall. He was then tempted to spend half an hour or so at the '* rush-herring," having dined, aud not fearing that you would be anxi ms. The murder must have been committed as he sat by the river-, unfortunately it was a lonely jilace, and, as he met no one, we cannot establish an alibi. Now, as you know, Lewis's evidence has gone terribly against bim, for, as it stands, it supplies motive for the murder. It was evident that the coroner's jury belived tliat there had been a bitter quarrel on account of Mr. FitzRoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of the penciller's shed has been subphomacd by the prosecution. She has talked about the note, declaring that you said that you had dropped it from your own jiocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you see, and very recognis- able. What we must try to do is to prove that the note was intended for another person. It will be a great point in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfering on behalf of one of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you understand how important your story is to us ? " Mr. Leicester had spoken without con- sulting his papers, and in the clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupyiug him. Lady Sandys had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in her chair, her eyes fixed on him, her hands tightly clasped. She seemed as if she wished to speak' but. for a moment, could not find any words. Lady Sandys broke into the little pause. " Saranna Gibson ?* Cannot you sub- poena her r " she asked. *. I heard some story of her having left home." Mr. Leicester shook his head. " She is drowned," he said, in a low voice. " Her body was dragged up from the weir-pool to-night." Lady Sandys exclaimed, and Mr. Berke- ley looked up sharply from his notes. '. We must subpoena the father. Mr. Leicester. Von remember what he said to- night r" " Aye." " if we can gut a witness to swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will be, as you say, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village Lady Sandys shook her head. " 1 do not believe anybody knew any thing aljon! it," she said, "though thorn may hm; hoon rumours." "I hope tu ifomluoss we shall find some- one who knew," said Mr. Herkelcy rather shortly. " We can't afton! tu lose a valu- able piece of evidence like this." " Why must it be lost r" asked Esther, below her breath, fixing her earnest eyes upon the st ranger's face, " 1 am speaking the truth. 1 can tell a l about it." "Aye. aye," he answered, more gently than he had yet spoken. " but it is not ad- missible." " Why :-" '. You are his wife." Mr. Leic ster ex- plained, compassionately, "and the law debars you from becoming a witness." ( To he COIIHHIK II. I 