DR. wiiLiAm' piyx PILLS HAVE CURED MR. THOMAS JARVIS OF LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE MEDICAL PROFESSION. HAS AT LAST EEEN CONQUERED. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PERFORMED ? From the AUSTRALIAN WORKMAN. In reply to the preliminary questions, saul : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad ol an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are strickt n as I w: $." About five years ago, next Cltristmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded whil-i taking a bath in Pitt street, Svdney. Since the accident I have been in miling health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give vrt my billet at the Glebe Island." " ! " What wera the symptoms ? ' "Simply indescribab e. Thf pains were something terrible. They were just about ai much as I could bear. They were for ail the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in « very part of me. 1 had no control over my bowels or Madder, and wtsa nuisance to mys If and everyone else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, and could neither est nor sleep. On the 23rd Manch last I saw i a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case «-as utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an otder to the Director of Charitable Institutions.'' " Did you make use of the otder ?" " Ko ; I came home and went to bed, and have l een pretty well in bed ever sine. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the Asor : in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mc, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wai attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to easî the agony I was in. I was under him for five or sis week.«. Ha came to the con clusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, character ised I y peculiar disturbances of gait and diffi culty in co-crdinatinc voluntary movement;. He tn'd me that I might lost for io years, and that I might never get thc usc of my legs. {Just then the patient kicked his leg« about with energy to show that m-dical opinion is nr t infallible.) Well, just as a drowning mm will grasp at a s' raw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another bo'áermaker in Kiigland, which I read in the APSTR ALI AX WORKMAN, by Dr. Williams* Pink Pills foi Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Tink Pills a Iris! anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as mar vellous as it was magical. I was able to eat 1 and sleep as though nothing «as the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. 1 have taken four boxe« of Pink Pills, during the past four weeks, and ara now taking the fifth bo*. I can walk about with the aid 1 of a stick, and am gradually, but sundy, re covering my former ^igor and vitality. You ? see those crutches here ? They : were made for mc before 1 got Dr. "Wilhams' Pink Pills, butti was too weak to use them, and now I don't went thew. All .1 want is this slick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sec I sm rapidly regaining my strength. " "He is loo percent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in ami taken .the baby on her Knees. 11 Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked len years younger than be did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a c.)ld bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have lo be in the vry pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past live years. I ascribe all the change and lienefít to these Pink Pills. They hare saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlcpicce there is a box ol opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can slay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows tiie has been am»zed at the change in me. They can hnnMv bpüeve their eves. Mv beinn- ahoul again has caused quite a sensation out Here." Such is thc remarkable history, and con firms what is said in nil the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing euros wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pjlls for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished stale of the blood, such as anaemia, pal» and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, nervous headaches, etc. Ihcse Pills arc a ionic, not a purgative. They are genuino only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold l y chemists and storekeepers gene rally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Com pany, Queen 's-place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post orrie ono box foi 25 9J, "r half-doien for 14s 9d. 