FOR THE LADIES. j A new woman in Chicago has 1 learned to- hypnotise her baby, and | now whenever she wishes to attend 1 a public meeting she only needs, to I make a few passes, and the babv puts on a nxea stare, and remains impassive till her return. A lady who is very popular says she always 11 studies up' for a dinner party. When she accepts an invitation she can tell pretty well the people she will meet and makes a point oi reading up sued books, magazines, articles, and so on, ae will best enablo her to make her. self an agreeable companion. The career of Sarah Bernhardt should give great encouragement to unsuccessful aspirants. On making her first appearance, when about 1?, at the Oomedie Francaise, she failed so completely as to induce her to abandon the stage. In a short time ambition again asserted itself, and in Victor Hugo's ' Buy Bias' a great success was won. An inquiring scientist has made a peculiarly interesting report on ths results of a long study of th« various kinds of fear in which chil dren are subject. It seems that thunder and lightning cause terror to more children than any other one thing, and following in the order named come reptiles, darkness, fire, death, domestic animals, diseases, wild animals, water, ghosts, insects, rats and mice, * robbers and high winds. It is pleasant to notice that the fear of ghosts comes very low on the list. Women are supposed to be very careless with their purses and such like belongings, but we doubt if thero are so absent-minded as a lady, who, being at a sale the other ! day, and having completed a pur ? chase, replaced her puise, not in her | I own pocket, but in that of a gentle man in close proximity to her, ' | wearing a long overcoat. Imagine that individual's surprise to find a strange purse containing some £20 odd in his pocket. He immediately instituted inquiries, resulting' in the rightful owner being found who was profuse in her thanks. Men are notorious losers of um brellas, whether these latter be carelessly left by them or stolon from them. But this is by no means the case with women, who very seldom indeed lose an umbrella. An in spector of detective police once said to the writer — ' Amongst pro fessional umbrella thieves — men who will snatch up a * mush,1 as they call it. whensoever and wherever they can — it is well known that going for the umbrella of a woman is too dangerous a game. They do not put valuable umbrellas down and i then forget all about them, as men do. We seldom ever have to offer i rewards for valuable umbrellas lost I by women.' A lady writer is of the opinion that the girl of to-day has far more chance of meeting with the man who can make her happy than the girl of 50 years ago. As a proof that this is so, she says that marriage be tween cousins is by no means so common as it was formerly. Atone time a considerable proportion of marriages wore those between cou sins, whereas now it is rarely that one hears of a case. Why is this ? | Becauee in these days girls meet more men, and are allowed to bo friendly with those other than cou sins. So that not only do girls have more chance of marrying now than formerly, but they have altogether a broader, and therefore happier life. The Queen has becomo very fond of the game of ' patience,' and I passed away many hours when on I her way tc Cimies with the little ' patience' table (which was intro [ duced by one of her ladieB, before i her. A ' patience' table is | simply just a light flat piece of wood covered evenly wich green | cloth, for holding upon the knee, and the cards used are about ! half fit A nan a 1 ci 7S onil Irant n-cpt compactly in little boxes. The game is becoming more and more popular with ladies, just as popular in its quiet way as ' puff balls' in its rattling way. By the by, if you wish to be a success at a country house you really must learn ' puff ball,' before you accept your invitation. — ' Gentlewoman.' Banking is the latest profession into which women have forced an entrance. A lady in California has been appointed cashier in a bank of which her husband is principal owner. After marrying, this lady's business instincts which had been struggling for recognition for quite a period, began to assert themselves and presently she became the secre tary of her husband, and soon came to be his principal business assis tant. The charms of business grew upon her, and her knowledge re ceived great additions. From an embryo woman of business she be came fully fledged and an adept in tbe mysteries of the various trans actions in which her husband, as a financier, engaged in. She is as attentive to her home as she is to business. .Every young man should consider that tho more gentlemanly and cour teous he is in his behaviour towards women, the more he will win their liking and respect; that a well dressed, prosperous appearance helps a man on in business in the same degree as slovenly, careless habits hinder bim ; that a certain amount of amusement is necessary for every man, if not carried to excess ; that hi6 mother or sisters never cease to be interested in his successes or failures, and that whatever wrong he may do will recoil on their heads, hurting them almost more than himself. All of us have seen men wearing collars too large, too high, or two tight, without the smallest con sidoration of their style. Short necked, fat, puffy men look miser able in collars too high for them, but perhaps not quite so absurd as do others with great thin neoks, dis- 1 figured with Adam's apple, who ' wear the lowest possible neck dress- , ing. Men to look well in the high banded fold- over collars must have good necks and perfeotly formed 1 chins. 