The Great White Fast- The Most Solemn Period in All Year for the Jews. the (' Pearson's.') Towards the middle of September there will be seen posted up in the windows of Jewish business houses, notices to the effect that the establishments will "be closed on certain days ; and, later on the ' city' columns of'the dailies will toil of the qaietne3B of things on the Stock Exchange, caused by the absence of many of the members; for the New . Year's holy-days. and the Great White Past, the awe-inspiring Day of Atonement, are approaching, and though a Jew may be somewhat lax in his religions observances, he never omits to keep these days strictly, for they include the most solemn, the most dread period of the year It is a time of reflection and contrition ; when the Jew must afflict bis body and pnriTy his sonl; when he mast confess his sins and supplicate forgiveness ; when, in the intensity of his devotions, he throws himself prostrate on the floor of the synagogue. It is believed that at this time, his actions, of the- year are reviewed and judgment passed on them all, and that there is recorded in the Book of Fate whether he shall live or whether he shall die, and what shall be his measure of joy, sorrow, trouble,-and prosperity in the year to come. The holy-days proper begin with the first day of the New Year, which occurs on September 27, but for weeks before there are signs of their a . roach. Special prayers for forgiveness are included in the morning devotions, and notes of warning are sounded on a primitive trumpet—a ram's horn flattened'and moulded into a certain prescribed shape. When two Jews meet it is customary for them to greet one another with « Peace unto thee,' and * To thee also peace,' but now they add, * May yon be written for a good year.' The western custom of sending cards has now been imitated by Jews. The penitential period extends from the first day of the New Year to the culminating fast, a period of ten days. On the first two, as on the Sabbath, no work may be done. The morning services last from seven till past noon, and, as at no time may food be taken till after prayers, these days are small fasts in themselves. As the awful day comes nearer, the Jew, in respect of the great issue at Stake, becomes more and more devout; lie subscribes more freely to charity ; seeking forgiveness himself, he becomes softened towards those who have wronged him. On the day before the fast many of the stricter Jews betake, themselves to the holy bath, a trnly Oriental in-jtitution, the,existence of- which in England is not generally known. It consists of a tank about six feet square and four feet deep, lined with pnre white marble, and is so arranged that the water in it is atways running, one pipe continually pouring water into it and a compensating pipe ever carrying some away. While standing in this a. man must dip his head and recite a * blessing.'- For this privilege a half-crown mast be paid, which price is beyond what many can afford ; but their bodies approach the purity of soul to which they aspire, and a bath of one description or another may not be omitted. The fast commences an .hour or two befere: sunset on the,one day. and continues till after sunset on the next, lasting altogether just over 25 hours. Daring that time not the slightest crumb, not the smallest drop of water may touch the lips. Some of the most orthodox even refrain from their ablutions during that' time, for fear that some water may touch the inner side of their Ups. . The Jewish millionaire^eels the pangs of hunger as does the veriest beggar, •nd for once; at least, he experiences something of the sensations of those *who starve. There could, hot conceivably be any better object-lesson in charity, and this may have something to do with the proverbial charity of opulent Judsea. To the rich the ordeal is «ven v greater than to the very poor, for, while the 1 former are used to every luxury,, the latter go without food on days which are -not necessarily religious fasts, and are expertB more or less. Though "they jbe ill or weak in health 1 , people must still fast, and no excuse is regarded as valid, unless it is certain that-abstention from food will endanger life. . In the Middle Ages, if a woman nursed a sick person, her evidence would not have been taken as to inability of the patient to fast, -for women are notoriously soft- hearted, and could not be relied on to give an unbiassed opinion. Boys and girls under the. age of thirteen are, not required to fast : for the whole peribd, but are «xpected to do so for as many hours as their strength will permit ; though manj a. youngster will hold out for the whole time out of sheer bravado, and for'the sake of the admiration that the feat will inspire. The final meal before the fast is takeit* late in the afternoon. The mistake lhat many then' rcake is to try to imitate the hoa constrictor. It is thought b^ • them that the more one eats, the .better will one be able to pass through the coming ordeal. But experience Has' shown that to take a' moderate meal and to digest it well is much the wiser jpourse. In many homes after-the meal a great candle abont two and a half inches in c6ameter iand'abbnt; two feet in length is lighted; and in some' bf . the smaller 33a6t End synagogues,-known as cherras (associations), and not incorporated with- the United Synagogue; many of tlie members briag such candles with These are not placed in ordinary licfesj hut are 'fixed< in garden pots and. Tlie effect is very strikue. The long candles; for about thirty ;ho< ity for -lightjbgfresh to handle Tlie members of%K|||ply now emmitten * gfobd y^r depart' to the synagogue, ronnd which the chief interest of this celebration centres. Once there, boots are removed, and carpet slippers are worn instead. This is a modification of the ancient custom of going barefooted when doing penance. Every male piaces over his shoulders a ' talith' (praying scarf), which, with this exception, is.never worn at evening de votions. The 'chazonim' (cantors), attired in vestments of purest white, enter and walk with slow and stately tread to the 'almemor,' a raised and railed platform in the centre of the building. The Chief Rabbi and two ' dayanim' (judges), or, failing them, two elderly men of well-knowu piety, walk to the platform and recite these words : ' In the name of God, in the name of the congregation, with the sanction of the Court above, and with that of the Court below, we declare that it is permitted to pray together with those who have been transgressors.' This declaration has no application to modern conditions, and is a survivalfrom the days when Jews excommunicate! those who committed some serious offence against their religion. .On this occasion they were not denied adnission to the synagogue. Then, amid a death-like hush, the cantor begins to recite the words of the service, first softly in a sad, solemn key, bnt his voice suddenly breaks into a louder strain. It seems to come of one who is struck and is in pain, and whose stifled sobs find articulation in an agonised cry. -en ice lasts till 9 o'clock, but in AKJOIM of the chevras many of the members do not go hime at all. They pray all night, and therefore- remain in the synagogue for twenty-five hours at a stretch. Doubly do they afflict them selves, for they have no sleep as well as no food. Next morning all are up betimes. At 6 o'clock the members begin to troop into the synagogue, and by 8 o'clock nearly all are in their places. From then till sunset they pray incessantly, sometimes aloud with the cantor, fonr times in silence with feet closed and faces towards Jerusalem. Various confessional prayers are . said during the day, and at the mention of each sin the supplicant strikes his breast with his closed fist. Every conceivable class of sin is confessed by each person, but the confession is in the plural number, and each one seeks forgiveness, not Only for his own misdeeds, but for those of all Israel. The most important of these prayers, known as the * Vedeue,' is recited at no other time, except when it is known that a person is on his death-bed, and has jnst sufficient strength to articulate the words onte by one as they are repeated to him. Indeed, there is much on this day to remind one of death. Even the white garments worn carry one's thoughts irresistibly to the shrouds of the dead. Four times do the people throw themselves upon their faces, three times when beseeching forgiveness. One moment the synagogue is full, even crowded ; the next, sounds of falling bodies are heard, and the place seems empty, for the seats hide the prostrate forms. In the middle ages the floorb were thickly strewn with grass, to save the people from hurt; and from this it is reasonable to assume that they werte in the- habit o.f throwing themselves down with more vehemence than now. Towards the end of the second morning service the ceremony of blessingthe congregation is performed by thte priests, who are descendants of Aaron j and are distinguished by the name of Cohen. To bless the people on all festivals'which do not fall On the Sabbath is one of their few privileges which survive. Before entering npon this holy task they must pour water over their hands, and say a short sanetification prayer. They then re- pair to the ark where the scrolls of the law are kept. They place their praying shawls- over their heads, and turn round to face the people. They then raise their bands above their heads, and palms towards the people and fingers in a certain prescribed position. The cantor recites the blessing and they repeat it after him word for word, with a quaint, weird intonation. During the performance of thisrite, the congregation may not look at the priests. The tra<dition is that those F who looked upoik them in the temple at Jernsalem were stricken blind. ' Though there are many synagogues in London, they are nOt equal to the task of accommodating all the would-be worshippers. There are, of course, a number of^feeals in every synagogue for the poor whose means will not extend to the luxuiy of membership; -hut these are far from adequate. - The great Assembly Hall in Mile End is hired^and used as a .temporary synagogue, and the big school in Spitalfields is also called into requisition. Its large hall is crowded, and a vast awning is put up in the playground, where the overflowing worshippers may pray. The synagogues in all the big towns in the provinces are in the same crowded state, and, indeed, wherever even one single Jew or family of Jews is to be found, thertf is the great fast religiously observed. On this day, Lord Rothschild is the hardest worked . Jew in the Metropolis'. Towards the afternoon, accompanied by a fellow-warden 1 of the Great Syinagogue; he makes .his way through Slumland to the-assemblages of his'poor co-religion-: ists tosee personally thafrall the arrangements for tiie 1 comfort of his brethren at the other end of the social scale are being properly carried ont. In each place he recites some of the prayers in a loud and clear voice, and the hush that comes over the assembly, hitherto noisy with the buzz of prayer, speaks volumes' for the esteem in which he is held. As he walks through the streets, he is followed by some o! his poorer brethren, who sometimes try to Mss the hem of his coat. They cannot possibly expect any alms from him -then, for no, Jew may carry money On that day but his charity reaches far and wide, and they look upon him as &ing;, a title which no man hae fver more' truly deserved. Night draw& near at last- The slanting • rays., of the western sun have vanished from the synagogue S n the gathering gloom there can be seen the ghostly forms of worshippers, weary and weak, and with faces white aa their silk praying ehawls ; their prayers ever end anon becoming more intense and more tearful as the moment draws near when the final seal is placed on the great book of fate. At length the last service of the day is finished ; it is still a few minutes to nightfall; and everyone feels the awful solemnity of those moments. The men all place their praying shawls over their heads, and the scene becomes wore ghostly. The cantor gives the signal by reciting the first word, and there iB raised mighty shout as every voice declaims, amid sobs, the thrice-repeated Jewish declaration of the unity of God : « Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our God, the Lord is One.' Three times again do they exclaim : ' Blessed be the name of the Glory of His kingdom for ever and ever,' and the final frenzied shouts are the seven times repeated words : ' The Lord, He is God.' Men take off their praying scarves and wipe their eyes. The ghosts have 'vanished at a touch. And now the firbt Star of evening begins to shine. The fast is ended. One triumphant note is shrilled forth on the trumpet, and all may depart to their breakfasts. 