SHORT STORY FOR OUR BOYS. AN EXPERIENCE. Tried to Catch a Squibkel, but Caught Something Else. In New England country towns it was long the custom to have the town house at the centre of the town, without much regard to the centre of population. The school house, too, in rural school districts was located as near the middle of the district as possible, even when thrce^fourths of the people resided 1 on one side or the other. It was deemed more just that 50 pupils should walk three-fourths of a mile, than that six should walk a mile and a quarter in the rural district where I went to school 30 years ago. The sclioolhouse stood for years on a ? cross- road in the midst of a piece of woods, and tio one lived within half a mile of it, but it was exactly at the geographical centre of the district. But in time the town discontinued the cross road on which the school house stood, and after a hot debate in school meeting it was agreed to move the house to the corners where the cross-road joined the main road. The con tract for moving it was let to a farmer named Solomon Carter, the .stipulation being that he should have the building on its new site before the winter term of school began in November. The schoolhouso itself was a one-storey wooden building, not painted ' red,' nor any other color, within my remembrance. The method of moving such structures was to pry up the sills, one side at a time, placo long timbers called 'shoes' beneath them, and then get together enough oxen to draw the building to its new site. This was what Solomon Carter intended to do. but the farmers' ox teams were in use at the harvest and autumn work, and the moving of the schoolhouse was put off until Jate in October. Then Carter bestirred himself, and haying put the 'shoes' under the building, invited his neighbors to 'tho hauling.' Eighteen yoke of oxen were mustered, and also all the boys iu the vicinity. Solomon Carter took up his position as 'master teamster' iu the schoolhouse door, behind tho long team. ' Every ox to his bow !' he shouted. Then the team straitened ; the schoolhouse creaked, and begem the one journey of its life. All went we)), to the tune of a mighty shoutinc, until the schoolhouse was within a few hundred feet of its new site, when one of the ' ' shoes ' struck a stone. The main draught chain parted with a loud snap, and a lever, flying back, broke Solomon Carter's leg. This put an end to farther progress on the part of the schoolhouse that night and for the winter, for a snowstorm came next day, fol lowed by icy weather. Solomon Carter was not in a condition to complete the job, being at home on his back with a 12-lb. weight tied to his foot playing over a pulley at the foot of tho, bed. The time came for school to begin. 'And now what's to be done?' said tho townspeople. ' Our schoolhouse stood on 'shoes,' with, a decided list to windward. The district school agent rose to the emergency ; he contrived temporary steps at the door, readjusted the stove-pipe for a fire, and bade the school master go ahead and keep the school. Hannibal Frank, who was the master (hat winter, was one of the sort that went ahead without urging. He was of the class of old time teachers who ruled with a rod of iron — or rather, with birch rods and a heavy ferrule. He -was really a cruel man, I feel sure even now, and not merely one who deemed stern ness and the enforcement of discipline by fre quent and severe punishment the mark of a teacher's authority. What became cf him afterward I do not know; Some of his pupils have drawn a fanci ful picture of him condemned to the torment of a disordered mind, which made him imagine himself wailing and writhing under the hands of boys whom he had thrashed during his reign as a pedagogue. Birching and ferruling, which in those days -were deemed needful to hold boys in check, were by no means Schoolmaster Frank's only methods of punishment. Holding a Fourth Beader at arm's length was a species of gym nastics to which he often condemned the erring pupil; also 'sitting on nothing;' and he de vised wooden props -for introduction into the mouths of those whose lips bussed when studying. 248 A boy with a two-inch prop between his jaws is not bkdy to move his lips. After a second offence the buzzer was obliged to stand in tne floor, facing the school, with the prop inni| mouth. One day seven ' ' proppera confronted the school at once— a spectacle not ioon for gotten t „ Wo doabt Master 'Expat was an excellent teacher of mathematics, and especially of mental arithmetic. Despite his tyrannies, top, bis manner in the schoolroom was usually cheery, even to jollity. He was animpressive reader— it was really worth while to hear bun. As prided himself on thiB accomplishment, ana usually read several paragraphs to the school each day. . ? __ SometimeB be read an entire selection from Town's Fourth Reader, which was then our most advanced reading book. He was accustomed to stand just in front of his table when he read to the school, and as be was a tell man be presented an imposing ap pearance. Like all effective readers, be entered fully into the spirit of his author, and indeed, appeared to be quite transported by it. For this reason, too, we youngers had learned that if there -was any sate time for a prank it was while the master was reading to the school. My seat-mate, Benjamin Hapgood, and I sat at a long desk near one side of the school room in the rear of the stove, to tbe left of the master's table It was not a good seat that winter. When the schoolbouee was put on 'shoes' a hole had been cut through the boards and shingles there on a level with the floor, bo tbatthe 'shoe' could be chained to the sill. This bole had not been stopped, the chain in fact was still there. The cold wind came in against our feet, for the hole was directly beneath the end of the bench on which we sat, with our backs to the wall of the schoolhouse. And tbe wind was not the only thing that came in, for one day a red squirrel from the woods entered and nib bled the luncheon which we brought to Bchool and kept in baskets under the bench. This squirrel would steal in while we were attentively studying or out on tbe recitation seats. Sometimes we could hear it tearing paper in the baskets. At a knock of our heels it would dart out at tho hole, often with a sharp chickcr which at times led the master to look severely in our direction, us if he sus pected us of having a squirrel under the bench. We stood iu far too great awe of him to ex plain the matter. TLe weather had now become very cold, and the squirrel came about only on sunny after noons. Ben and I brought a box trap, but i the master espied it and made so ominous a j remark about ' ' soming to school to learn trap- 1 ping' that we deemed it safer to carry the trap j Lome that night. I Ben believed he could catch the squirrel with a fishhook and a kernel of corn, and next day he brought bis little trout-hook and line in j bis pocket. It was a eruol thing to even - attempt— and we ought to have seen that it | ?was cruel— bat we were thoughtless, and that feature of the act did not then occur to us. ' There was such a noise always at noon and at recess-time that the squirrel did not come from tbe woods at Buch moments ; but shortly after school had begun in the afternoon, while the long fourth Reader class — Ben and I were not in it— was slowly reading around twice, we beard sounds of nibbling under our bench ; the squirrel had come in aud was examining the baskets. We listened and glanced at each other. By leaning my head back against tlie wa.ll behind me and casting Jin eye down through the crack behind tbe bench on which we sat, I could { catch glimpses of the squirrel dodging in and out. ' ' He'e there !' I whispered under my breath behind my book. Ben shot a look at the master, and then cautiously drew forth the hook and line. With eyes on his Third Header, which was propped up before him on tho dusk, be unwound the I line and stuck the point of the hook into a kernel of yellow corn, and then let it down baneath the bench. Our plan was to hook the , squirrel and let him run out at tha hole with the line, so that at recess we could capture him outside, Ben could not see the hook and kernel of corn, but I could 6ee it by glancing down tho crack behind our scat. So, leaning back, I watched it covertly, while Ben sat ready to pull tbe line. Meantime the fourth class had read around twice, and the master, stepping out in front of Jits table, announced that he would read a piece to the class. The selection that day was 'The Romuii Soldier,' by Atherstone — a scene ? from the destruction of Herculaucum by the eruption of Vesuvius, beginning ; — There was a man, A Koman so'dier, for some daring deed That trespassed on the laws, in dunjjeen low ' Chained down. The master's powerful and impressive ac cents filled the room, and the school was very quiet, listening, except Bon and I, whose attention was on tbe squirrel. *' Hold still !' I whispered behind my book. 'He's there I I can 6ee him! Be ready, Ben !' Ben sat motionless, waiting, but he was as much excited as I was. ' He sees it !' I whispered. ' He's got it— puU/puUf' And Bon did pull !— yanked as a boy some times will when a trout bites — ten times as bard as there is any need. He twitched the red squirrel up over tho desk. The book had fortunately not caught in his mouth. He had simply taken the corn and held it with the hook when Ben 'yanked.' The little fellow went end over end through the air, and plump against tho -master's book and upraised arm! Beyond doubt Mr. Frank's first thought was that some impudent boy had thrown that squirrel at his head ? At him, the absolute master and autocrat, while reading to the school ! lie stopped short; astounded 1 Then, seeing Ben hastily gathering in the line, he laid down the Reader on tbe table, took two strides to our desk, and seizing us each by the collar, slatted us out over tbe'top of it. Wo were but playthings in his powerful grip. Ho twirled us around, trounced us to gether, shook us,6nap)jcd our heels around the stovelegs a fuw times, and then flung us down in a dishevelled heap, Ben on top of me, before the table. 'Jiie there !' said he ; and we did. With a terrible glance around the room— the glanco of a lion that has just slain a couple of small goats— the master then resumed his interrupted reading, and continued grandly to tho very last lines, describing how Tbe huge pile sunk down at once Into the opening earth. Walls, arches, roof. And deep foundation-etones, all mingling, felL * Then as the class took their scats ho closed tbe ' Reader,' picked up his biggest, most withy birch fitick, felt it in his lingers, and turned to us. We had no doubt that he was going to flay us alive. But at that moment Myra Carter, one of the large girls, came from her seat with her 'Browne's Grammar' in her band, ostensibly to ask a question. When the master turned to answer her Bbe said, 'They did not mean to throw it, Mr. Frank. They were trying to catch the squirrel because it comes in and eats their dinner.' The master did not reply, but we saw his eye change a little and tho ghost of a smile play about his month. ' Get up 1' said he. First Ben, then I, assumed on upright atti tude. 'Go put your backs to tbe outside door and sit on nothing for half an hour,' he said. Header, did you ever Bit on nothing for even one minute? If not, try it. ITon put your baok against tbe wall, then bend the knees till the body assumes thesitting position ; and then remain so— if you can. Ben and I had seen it done time and again that winter, and proceeded to do it ourselves aa ordered. At the end of about three minutes Ben's knees began to shake; mine were shaking too. We pressed our backs harder against tbe door, 'but before long Ben slid down tn » heap. ?'Up 1' cried the master, and gave Wm three cuts with the birch stick across tholega to hasten his return to the sedentary posture. Ben was scarcely 'up' when down I went I could not baye Teihained sitting on nothing another minute to save ray life. Three cuts with the stick assisted' me' 'up' agfcin; but Boon it was really a relief to tumble down and take the cuts. Our knees were shaking again, and we took turns sliding down. It was three cuts apiece after that every time we slid down till all those long thirty minutes had dragged by. Our knees felt 'sprung' for more than a day afterward. Served rightly, were we, for our cruelty to that poor squirrel ? Well, perhaps we deserved punishment. The squirrel, as X bad almost forgotten to say, had been 'lying low' all the while behind a row of dinner- baskets on the other side of the room ; but shortly before the afternoon recess it suddenly scurried across tbe floor and ran out at the hole,— Youth's Companion. 