Ill THE BAR PARLOR. 'The eprinfr weather,' muaod the Worm, ' altars the look of things all round,' ' It does not circulate round any more money,' said the Gloomy Man, ' nor give a feller any more tick.' 'All,1 responded the Worm, 'it is the season that doss it ? Ab, in the spring tlie parsons' fancy Lightly tun 6 to thoughts of love ; Very pure and quite platonic Savory glimpses of Above. When the maiden coyly tripping Lays around with gentle wiles, To entice unwary jolmnjet luto umlriinouial guiles. But the jobuuies never tumble, And with uieroeiiary view. Hold it's easier ar. present Goo to keen, you see, than tiro,' ' And so things remain just tbe same,' re flected the Government House Man. ' But talking of Spring things, ib it true that our much -abused parson is going to have a buck at tbe little Bethel for damages P' ' t don't know, but they do say there's a lot in it. He's plucky if lie does, taking into consideration what he had to face be fore.1 'Nothing like washing Ohuroh linen in public' mused the Insignificant Man. ' It frivosue a chance to see where it is hung out ' It was at cburob,' said tbe Sunday Man, tbat I was Btruck with the extravagance of tbe new styles of Spring dresses wore now by some of tbe congregation. The bouEe of God looked like a fashion-plate, whereon folly was widely depicted in high colors. Why women dress in that way is a mystery to me, and I said so to one who was, Jike myself, watching the circus go ahead, lie promptly agreed with me. 'That woman, eaia I, ' looks like a peacock iu uli its glory. Why her busband must be as soft as Jim the Luuey. ' True,' said the other, ' I know it.' 'Ah, replied I, 'you know the husband thcnP' ' That I do,1 was the rejoinder. 'I am that husband.' ' ' So we are to have tbe ambulance train on new arrangements.' remarked the Bottle bolder. 'The city police and tlie city doctor will trespass upon the territorial grounds and meet tbe trains coming in with fever patients on boord. The dead-cart takes them to the hospital, aud the under taker does the rest.' ' Looks as if we were laying out for a pleasant typhoid summer,' remarked tbe In significant Man. ' I suppose we will have the usual favorable reports about the state of health the place is in and in vita our neighbors over to have a taste P' '1 suppose so. But it looks like another move also — tbe thin end of the centralisa tion wedge.' ' When our cbosen Ten return from their x eueratnu caCKHug, saiu me x uiicu uuurc lleporter, we are, I believe, to have the full benefit of their experiences elsewhere. Their first object will be to gabble about unity, and frame laws to keep out the stranger. Then we are to have a fresh lot of mining acts.' 'Which by tbe way are very badly re qnired,' said the Publisher. ' Those affect ing the prospector in particular. A fellow hasn't much chance now when the place is run over with syndicator6, wbo stand a ebowof obtaining a second Mt. Lyell in exchange for making a railway to tbeir own back doofe, to say nothing of other compli cations.' ' I was told,' put in the Sporting Man, ' that there is a scheme afloat to open a new field further south than Strahan, upon quite original lines, which is being kept very unuij just now.' 'A scond Mt. Hoaxleyf queried the Snub Editor. ' Something of the kind, I am told, but there are those wbo aver that the stuff is there all right, and will in a very short time turn up to tbe scratch.' 'It i6 tbat mountain of tin they have so very mysteriously whispered about,' sneered the Snub Editor. ' An Eldorado which is not.' 'I wac nearly shot tbe other orouing,' said the Police Court Importer, 'and then you would have yeen me no more.' 'Shot in, I suppose you mean,' suggested the Worm. ' Not so -, bulletted I mean. We were in a refreshment bou*e win-re tlioy nre all pug naciously inclined, and as a u.itural conso quence there were several free onee on the board.' ? Free and easy,* murmured Jim tbe Limey. ' I've been there.' 'I did not say 'easy.1 1 meant freestoucb, and it was not eaBy for several of them, 'i'fie boss had a go in as well, and he looked a pretty spectacle. He rather seomed to enjoy it until be caught sight of his face in the looking-glass, and then that made an alteration. It wa6 evident that ho could not go as be pleased with some of those be bad been monkeying uitb, and be arrived at that conclusion on a sudden, for rushing upstairs he reappeared with a shooting iron and blazed away. I got my share, but it wasn't much, for 1 left rather hurriedly.' 'Ban away, as it wito,' remarked tbe Bottleholder. ' Well, not exactly running you know, but rather, 1 should say, advancing with cele '*' * * * ' Does that adage respecting the alloge ment of it being necessary to put nine tailors together to make one man apply all round ?' asked the poet. ? Not everywhere,' replied tbe Snub Editor. ' It depends entirely upon the dis position of tbe snip.' 'At the Convention the other day, Vic torian Uiggius Beemfld to think that it did. But the reason why I wondered was for that the other evening u gentleman who is faid to be one of the persecuted lot wandered away down near the dock witli a lady. Those who Faw him were afr:iul that there was to be a double murder, for why would lie go to such a gloomy place V Others derided this, and one of them, to prove tbe truth of tlie adage, slipped up softly behind tbe couple and groaniug aloud called out that he was tbe ghost, aud told them to prepare. It did not take Snip long to prepare himself fora walking Jnatcb. I can toll you, for he was throe blocks off before the whisper was over.' 'Left tho lady?' ' lie did. Hhv didn't faint or fall into the dock. She gave the jokers as good a half column as one wnuld wiah not to have iu a rnoutb. But it struck me that bad he have been eveu half a man tbe joker would bare been in it, for if it takes nine tailors to make a man, and he was a tailor and a man as well, there would have been mno meu in one. So indeed had he been only half a man there would have been four men and a liolf iu biro, or say four meu and a boy, which would have been quite awkward enough for tbe joker,' 