"A WOMAN'S WITCHERY." By Beutha 51. Clay, Author of " Thrown on tho World," fee, CHAPTER XXXI, " YOU A TIE THE ONLY MAN I CAN TKUST I" Lord Brouglmm nnd his friend St. Aubyn were glad to loavo Earnhnm Hall, tho ancestral seat of the Broug ham's, after the funeral of the old lord. After the reading of tho will, the now master of the Brougham title and all that appertained thereto gave his steward carle blatiche iu the matter of refurnishing tho country-seat. There was uo lack of money in the cnfl'ers that held tho gold of the lato lord. Ho novor married, nnd because of some disappointment iu his youth, had lived tho lifo of a recluse, while his riches wore multiplying on every baud. From Earuhnm Hall, which was situated in tho heart of the beautiful county of Survey, the young men went to London. Brougham was determined to rent a town house forthwith, and the first day "-"was spent- in hunting for a suitable place iu tbo West End. Hot ouly was my lord successful, but he took possession of a furnished man sion in Kensington Gardens .the following morning, nnd wired to Farn- bain for half a dozen servants to set the place in order. Within two hours they arrived uuder the wing of the housekeeper, aud he soon had tho plea sure of occupying the library for a quiet conversation with St. Aubyn. ' At last," he said, " I can survey my surroundings with an air of proprietor ship, nnd can assure you, St. Aubyn, that the sensation is most delightful. Until to day I have merely been a guest iu somebody else's house, and have expended ingenuity in iny short career in fishing for invitations to make the fortune of an inventor. I think that you can appreciate that." He laughed in a disagreeable manner, and St. Aubyn scowled savagely. " I am in tbo same position still, and do not need any reminders," he said, sulkily. " Bat wait with patience, dear boy. The old girl will not live forever." " Curse it ! " growled St. Aubyn. " By all appearances she will outlive me, nnd is as changeable as n weather cock. After all, I may find myself nowhere in her will. And in the mean time how am I to live on a beggarly two hundred a year I It is barely sufficient to buy gloves and cigars with ! Like you, I spend my lifo in sponging upon any body who will have the kind- ness to talce me in. 'And getting into trouble," laughed Brougham. " "Yes, and getting into trouble. My only hope is a good marriage." " Why don't yon skip across tho Atlantic and pick up a pretty American girl with an ocean of ducats. They are all -pretty and rich over there, I've heard, and are ready to hurl themselves nt anything in tho shape of a man who is a live lord." " I would if I couid raise sufficient to pay for a decent berth. Why didn't you go 1 " sneered St. Aubyn, " You see, I was not a live lord- only a presumptive, and the Yankee girls won't take chances," laughed Brougham. " This sort of thing may be very edifying to you," St. Aubyn said, " but hanged if it is to me. Boor as I am, I would not take the richest American girl who would he willing to have me. You know why." "Yes." Brougham lighted a cigar, and watched his friend for a minute. "Yes, I know why. You arq bent upon the conquest of Miss Edith Suther land, whether she will or no. Look here, St. Aubyn ! Take a fool's advice, and give up the game !" " Never !" " You haven't a ghost of a chance. I tell you that sue will marry Tiioriileigh in face of everything. Of course if you could win her, and this opposition only increases my determination. I never yet made a resolve that I have not car ried out." " Except pop off the countess," laugh ed his companion, maliciously. At that moment a servant announced a visitor, and Mrs. Heredaie almost fol lowed upon the woman's heels. St Aubyn extended his band, while Broug ham said, carelessly : " So you have found us ont, eh % I did not expect you so soon, Violet. Any news 1" " I went to the. Langham whence you telegraphed, and they gave me your new address, my lord." " Yes. Speak out Violet ; Lord St. Aubyn and I have no secrets." " Have you beon too busy to read tho papers 1" she demanded. " Why 1 We haven't looked at one for a week." His cheek paled, and he wob all. life in an inBtant. " " Oh, it is nothing that you need be afraid of," laughed my lady's companion, " but exactly the reverse. Vivian Thornleigh is dead. Read this." She spread a newspaper before them, and watched the varying expressions of their faces, a mocking light in her cruel eyes. "You have only to Bpeak for my lady s nana now, Lord lirougham," she Baid. " And it will not be long before you bear the merry jincle of the wedding bells 1" He was too excited to reply for a a few moments ; then ho turned to St. Aubyn, remarking: " Your way is clearer how also." " Well," said Mrs. Heredaie, " I must go. I should not have troubled you but for this. If I have anything to com municate I will send in here by post." Lord Brougham watched her from the window as Bhe walked away, a curious smile on his lips. Thon he turned to St. Aubyn, saying : " It never rains but it pours I Was over such luck before 1 My dear boy, we can simply carry all hefore us when the work in hand is finished, I do not Bee a single bar to our success." " Do you include mo in the ' we' 1 " " I include Lord St. Aubyn in every thing at presont. I have been guilty, liko most young men, of paltry little wickednesses, which it would be unwise to mention in a lady's drawing-room. You havo likowise been indiscreet, only your indiscretion would land you for a term of seven years if found out. Mr. John Desborough is acquainted with my follies, and threatens to proclaim the saino to tho world in general, and Lady Winifred Charrington in particular, unless I withdraw my claim to that lady's hand and heart, becauso he has become Bmitten with her charms himself. Very clerical behavior, eh i And I know the enormities of which you are guilty — buy ing jewellery on credit to the amount of five figures in the aggregate, and pawn ing it the same day for a trifle of the 'ready.' Very serious offence, terrible depravity, etc." " Stop it 1 " fumed St. Aubyn, glaring at his companion, wickedly. Brougham laughed and continued. "Now if my clerical friend knows as much of me as I suspect, it will be necessary for that gentleman to reeeive his quietus. TbiB question I shall nut determine until I have interviewed the enemy to night. In the event of the nuisance having to be put away, my very good friend St. Aubyn will have to assist me with his personal influence, for the work will require to be artistically treated. In return I shall give the said Lord St. Aubyn sufficient cash to save his aristocratic fingers from the demean ing occupation of oakum picking ! " " This ground has already heen gone over, and I object to a nseless repetition," St. Aubyn said, sulkily. " We are all very good until we are found out. I was forced- to raise money, and when I obtained the jewellory I intended paying for it." " That sort of story will not do for a judge -and jury, my friend. There is a certain place supposed to be the abode of a gentleman with a bad. name, beau tifully paved with such intentions as yours. Gloss it over as you may, you are guilty of the grossest kind of fraud, and when the counsel for the prosecution addresses the jury in this way 1 Gentle men, the prisoner at the bar is an un worthy scion of the oldBritisharistocracy, a man who has had all the advantages ol a careful education and Christian train ing, and he employs those blessings, vouchsafed to so few, to the deception and ruin of men who have to live by the sweat of their brows — he employs them with a bold effrontery, backed by his ancient name, and aided by an unscrupu lous cunning which proves the depravity " "Will you cease 1 " cried St. Aubyn, a red spat mounting to each cheek. " All this may be fun to you, but I tell you I will not stand it. I confided in you as a friend — I believed you to be my friend — " "And so I am," laughed Brougham. " I am only placing hefore you the enormity of your offence as the British public would regard it. I know that in your virtuous soul," he sneered a little — " I know that in your virtuous soul you never meant anything very naughty, but as to confiding in me, why, my dear fellow, I saved you from being served with indictable Bummons number one by presenting the warrant officer with a fiver. Then he told me ell that I wanted to know. My only astonishment ie that the law bothered with a summons. In the case of a poor men of lowly birth — well, he would have been arrested forth with. The bit of blue paper charged you with obtaining a tiara of diamonds from a Bond-street jeweller, value two thousand pounds. You gave the names of various noblemen as your friends, not one of whom would touch you with a long pole, you promised payment in due course, end pawned the diamonds the same day for three hundred pounds. Now, if this ever came into court, many similar charges would appear against you— bo I promise to square the ob streperous creditor— a course which he anticipates. I have au object in telling you this, St. Aubyn ; I do not wish to flaunt your follies in your face, but to awaken you to the danger in which you -are placed." "You mean that I am entirely in your power" his companion said, sullenly. " Well, you can put it that way if. you choose." "I will not endure this," was the fierce retort, and St. Aubyn sprang excitedly to his feet. V You have driven me a little too far. Rather than be your tool — the tool of a friend I have trHBted — I will appeal to the countess. She dare not see the name disgraced," " Very well," replied L-ird Brougham, coolly. " In that event 1 shall be little the worse off by the Iobb of your society, and financially very much in pecket But don't forget that your little pecca- dilloes will resell tne ears ot everybody at Coombehurst, particularly those of pretty Edith. Where will your ohances be then 1 " St. Aubyn dropped back in his seat and moodily chewed the ends of his moustache. " You are right," he said at length. 11 1 should run many risks by that course, and loose all hope of that upon which my heart is set." A triumphant light blazed in the eyes of Brougham. " I knew that yon would see as I do iu the end. In my opinion this business will unite us in a sort of partnership for lifo. It will be mutual iu every sense. There is no question of one holding a living threat over the other. For the moment I have the npper hand, but as aeon as I confide my plans to you, you can promptly turn the tables upon me. You have exaggerated my position, ...my sentiments towards you. I have merely told you ugly facts and you fly into a rsge. I have made these facts look as -hideous as possible lest you regard my proposals with disfavour. I want certain work done, und you are the only man I can trust. I am willing not only to pay for this — to make a free man of you — but at the same time I place myself in your power. I want a life long bond of friendship to exist between us, and I ask yon to take my hand and to trust me implicitly." 11 1 believe that I misunderstood you," St. Aubyn confessed, t&kiog; the proffered hand. " I am very sensitive, you know — a fellow in my position cannot help being so." Brougham lighted a fresh cigar aud handed one to his companion. Then he smoked in Bilence for a few minutes. " We will come to business now," he ssid at length, " and action must be sharp and decisive. I am in the bands of this Desboroogh, if he knows of cer tain incidents in my life abroad. 1 shall learn to-night bow much he does know. If dangerous, he mnst be put out of the way until I am safely married to Lady Winifred, because he threatens to make things particularly warm for me, I am not guilty of anything very bad— some thing like yourself, you know— but if exposed, I might have to rnn the gaunt let, lose Lady Winifred and all the splendid prospects before me. I tell you, St. Aubyn, rather than Buffer this I would crush the man — just when every other obstacle is swept from our path." He ground his teeth with suppressed fury. " If the worst comes to the worst, you must hire a few of the Night Larks to meet him and tbra3h him — just as much as tbey please, I only know the gang by reputation. You have bosn a patron, and are still, This is all I ask of you," St, Aubyn breathed a sigh, of relief. " I am quite ready," he said, " and am glad that the commission is no worse," Brougham laughod. " You expected murder? " " I did." They looked into each other's eyes, and understood, for both smiled signifi cantly. "You will do nothing until I return and report to you the strength of this very Reverend Mr.-pesborougb. St. Aubyn nodded, and an bour'later Brougham drove away in a cab to keep his appointment with John Desborougb. (To lo continued.)- 