WES OF OUTLAWS. rCorvnmnT.] 8Kgl 1 . ? ? f.a^ ? ; ? M VIVID AND REALISTIC HjCTURES PAST.. 'ed from the Diary and, the ^BBMJSorrcspondcnca of an UrT Olcl Colonist. FE GRIM CAPE OUT J- LAWS. (IJf SEVEN PARTS.) PART II. Ellips'carried a pistol, and with the th of despair efforts were made to l ..it, but without avail. A dark Ivara before his eyes and soon the les of the, strangled man became Not so the grip of Stuart. For ne he was a maniac, and the one vhich possessed him with such e .persistence was to kill the man throat he clutched. Hit was nearly ten minutes later when odgson, with one of the assigned ser nts and ? his daughter, came with -hts to search the garden in quest of lillips, and only then did the tall rm of Stuart rise up from the ground id look about. The figure on the ound was motionless, and the black ted features, wide-open, staring eyes id protruding tongue told but too rely the fate which had overtaken onstable Phillips. 'Stand there, you scoundrel, or I'll e. I'll put a bullet through your un arthy carcase if you attempt to run ray !' cried Hodgson as he advanced rthe spot and thought the figure he w was that of Phillips. The motionless man was silent, and the settler flashed the light on his ce he did not at first recognise him. he close-cut hair and shaven face ade a very great difference in the ap :arance of Stuart, but as soon as Amy .w his face she knew who it was. Al ost. at the same moment the dark -ure on the .ground was noticed, and ter kneeling beside it for a few seconds ie settler rose and said — 'This is a bad job, Stuart. The llow is dead, and I suppose you have 3ne it. This means death to you if mght, and I'm sorry you let us see -u here. Get away as quickly as you in unless you want to ruin us also.' ' Ah, I forgot about that !' exclaimed tuart, waking as though from a leth ?gy.. ' Of course, what a fool I am. fhat can I do to prevent harm now ? [e deserved death, you know, and I'm ot sorry my hand dealt it out, but I :e how awkward it will be for you, Ir. Hodgson. I'll give myself up and iat will save you.' 'You will not. Why should you lace yourself on the hangman's hands -r a wretch like that? If you have iy regard for me, don't do what you ly.' It was Amy Hodgson who spoke, and er demeanour showed how firm she as in the resolve. Her eyes fairly lazed with determination and she cast ('contemptuous glance at the still form n the grass. There was neither re ret nor compunction in her manner. ? 'You must save yourself, and I will ive you all the help possible. Perhaps ou will be able to get away from the olony, and in the meantime can you ot get a safe retreat in the ranges. Tou know that great Tier in the Eliza leth Range well, and I will try and eep you in food,' the girl said, coming o his side and whispering to him. The love of life was strong in the ireast of the young man, and he peedily realised that it would not be pise to surrender without a struggle. Ie knew the ranges well, but the soli ude of the life which he must follow iras more feared by him than human oes. Even at the moment he recol ected about Ayers, and a desperate re vive entered his mind. The assigned servant had been at onoe sent back to :he house by the girl, and he could rust her and her father to the ut nost. ' ' I will take to the bush,' he at length iaid, ' but I must try and get my friend it the station to go with me. If I put )t- the cap aind jacket of this fellow,' ooking down at the body of Phillips, ' I may be able to carry out a plan I lave formed to liberate Ayers. At any rate, it is worth trying, and even if I fail there will not be much lost. Better :he scaffold than a solitary life in the :-ush, afraid to go to sleep lest capture overtake one. It will be best for you to say that I killed this man, Hodgson. If not, suspicion may point to you and the situation will be made worse. You can state that I escaped. It will be better for all of us.' The settler was certainly in an awk ward position. He did not clearly see what was best to be done at the moment. There was no doubt his own position was not an enviable one. It went against his grain to tell the authorities that Charles Stuart had murdered Phillips, and if he did not do so suspicion would point to himself. The body being found in his garden after the jnsult to his daughter, and the well-known fact that he (Hodgson) had denounced the constable a month pre viously wyu)d all. tell against him. ' It's / bad case,' he said, in a help less sort of a way. ' Why didn't you try and keep your hands off, or stop short before you went to the end? Nothing but triable and ruin will come of it, I'm sure. You must' get away at once, and I suppose I'll have to go to the station and tell the authorities the story.' 'Give me two hours. Will you?' asked Stuart. 'Yes.' fc\' That will be enough,' the young ' replied. ? ' By that time I will be jjjfe ? under lock and key or starting -e bush.' Then in a lower voice conversation being his visit to the station and also a request that she would prepare him — if he returned — a few articles of clothing, some food, tinder- box, and other useful things for a bush life. It was some time before the father and daughter left him, but as soon as they did Stuart removed the uniform jacket and cap from the dead man and donned them. He also took the' pistol and ammunition, and though the coat was rather small for him, it was not very noticeable at night. The daring scheme which he proposed to put into execution was of the most desperate nature. It might work, but the chances were terribly against it unless the offi cials at the station were neglectful. The young man meant to personate Constable Phillips, though he was not at all like the dead man. Stuart had a pretty fair knowledge of the station and its regulations, and he meant to turn it to account. At night few of the con stables were on duty as the warders had the felons under lock and key. A por tion of Phillips's duty was to go round the cells and dormitories about nine o'clock and see that everything was safe. As a rule be did the work alone, and the keys were given to him for the purpose by the chief warder. Without delay Stuart made away from Hodgson's farm to the station, which he reached in about an hour. Walking boldly to the outer office he asked the warder, in a voice not unlike that of Phillips, for the keys as he wanted to take his usual round. They were handed to him without a word, and then the young man directed his steps towards the prisoner's barracks where, of course, the great danger would be: The first difficulty which confronted him was the locale of his friend, Ayers. Of course through the machinations of the dead constable, the convict after his punishment had been removed from the position of servant and placed in one of the gangs. That included his transference from the hut to the main barracks which were rather extensive. Luck was decidedly on the side of Stuart. A couple of warders were in the long room, but not a constable was to be seen. As the latter would, of course, know Phillips at a glance their absence was almost providential, and, with more than usual assurance, Stuart began operations. One after another the doors were opened, and his keen glance wandered around in search of Ayers. In the third dormitory the convict was found, and in a low tone Stuart told him to dress and follow him as the chief wanted to see him. The first look which the convict gave was enough to satisfy him of the identity of his visitor, or rather to give him the impression that the constable was no other than Stuart. He considered that his former friend had joined the official ranks, and a sense of satisfaction filled him as he reflected that he would have at least one man at the station who would treat him tairly. Leading the convict out the massive door was shut, bolted and locked and the trap thrown open. Walking boldly up the long room with Ayers following, the two warders were passed and the barracks left. The keys were left with the chief warder, and then the two men headed in 'the direction of the officer's quarters. When a sufficient distance had been traversed Stuart extinguished the light, and said — ' I suppose you know me, Ayers ?' 'Yes. What does this move mean ?' came the answer. ' That you are free to escape, if you care to. I've killed Phillips and mean to take to the bush. Will you go with me ?' The proposition was a rather startling one, and ninety-nine men out of a hun dred would have refused acceding to the request. The life of a bushranger was scarcely a whit better than that of a convict, and often it was far worse. It usually led to the grave, and unless a man had potent reasons for making such a change he rarely took the step. There was no hesitation, however, about William Ayers. His mind was formed in a moment. 'Yes,' he answered, chivalrously, ' I'll go with you. I can't, be worse off in the bush than here, and I'm glad you've put that scoundrel out of the way. You have saved me the job,' Ayers fiercely concluded. ' Let us get down .by the wharf and then cut across to the farm of Hodg son. I've made arrangements to get a swag there, and if is on our way to the Tier. We'll not be noticed along the river-side, and you must get a change as i soon as possible.' In five minutes the two men were clear of the station, and one of the simplest yet boldest escapes ever planned and carried out on the island had been achieved. Of course it gave rise to an official scandal and ' Ayers's Escape,' as it was termed, was the means of completely altering certain of the regulations in the discipline of the prisons. Attired in the convict clothes as he was, care had to be taken by Ayers not to be seen, but the risk was a slight one as the two men speedily left the station behind and headed for Hodg son's farm. It was reached within the hour, and the settler was found on the point of taking his departure for the station. It would be fully two hours before he would return, and that was considered quite sufficient start for the fugitives. ? The settler did not remain many moments with the two but set off on his hateful mission. Miss Hodgson had not been idle since her sweetheart left, though her heart misgave her that he would not re turn. He had briefly told her of his in tention, and the idea seemed hopeless to carry to success. Gloomy as the future was the girl could scarcely re press her joy as the tall figure of Stuart strode up to the ? homestead, and she was amaztd to see that the convict, who was supposed to be under lock and key* A charr _iif clothes was got in a fern had been prepared were brought cut. There was food^ enough to last nearly a month with that which could easily be obtained in the bush. Two muskets and a plentiful supply of ammunition were handed to Stuart, and with the other articles quite a suitable kit was gathered. j ' I will see you this day fortnight at the ' Black Falls,' near the Tiir, and bring you further supplies,' tHe girl whispered to Stuart. ' Be very careful, or they may follow you. You must be as cunning as a fox,' said the man. ' I don't see how they can suspect me, but I will take care not to lead any one to you. Perhaps I may be a day or two later than I say, but you'll know there is good cause for the delay if -it should occur. You must get away now, or danger may oome,' Amy said, and in a few moments the fugitives were leaving the farm-house and heading due west. The three assigned-servants were well disposed towards Stuart who when working with them had shown every kindness that lay in his power. In fact only one of them was aware of the whole particulars relating to the tragedy of the night, and he was not disposed to be loquacious on the subject. He would rather far have assisted the young man to escape than have led the pursuers on his track. It was nearly eleven o'clock when Hodgson reached the station, and the commandant was considerably aston ished at the story he had to tell. 'Why, man,' he said, ' Phillips was on duty an hour or so since. How could he have been killed when you say ? There must be some mistake. Here, Stevens, go and tell Sanders I want him.' Sanders was the head- gaoler, and that official informed his chief that Phillips had paid the usual visit of ex amination about h^lf-past nine and re moved one of the prisoners. 'Removed one of the prisoners, eh 1 Who gave him authority to do that? Who did he remove?' asked the chief, suspiciously. 'No. 841, sir. I concluded he had authority from you as he generally has, and, of course, did not interfere as I had no right to do so,' answered the head-gaoler, ' You should have seen the order at all events. I don't quite make this out. Hodgson here says Phillips was killed to-night about eight o'clock, and if so, it was his ghost you must have seen.' ' I didn't see him myself, sir. Wilks and Jones saw him.' ' Send them to me at once. There is something wrong. Don't delay a minute !' exclaimed the commandant. In a very short time the two turnkeys were in the presence of their chief, and when they began to explain the per sonal appearance of the ' supposed ' Phillips ' the head of the civil de partment jumped to his feet, with a half suppressed oath,- and starred to pace up and down the office in no aimable frame of mind. ' Who do you suspect of killing Constable Phillips ?' he asked Hodgson at last. ' I am sorry to say I suspect no one, for I know who the murderer is. That misguided Stuart killed him. We caught him just after the constable was dead, but he got away before we quite knew all that had happened,' answered the farmer, reluctantly. ' Ah I That is pretty smart work. Why, he only got out of gaol this after noon. What was Constable Phillips doing at your place, Hodgson ?' asked the chief. ' I don't know, sir. My daughter was coming through the garden about dusk when he intercepted her and be haved very badly. He wanted to force her into promising to become his wife, but she managed to get away from him and ran screaming to the house. Her cry must have attracted the attention of Stuart, for when we searched the place with lights to try and secure Phillips we found the constable dead and my late workman standing over the body. He did not deny his guilt, but made off as quickly as possible, and I knew it would be useless to attempt his capture myself,' replied the settler. 'Yes; he is a powerful ruffian and your- lite would not be worth much if you came to close grips with him. He cannot get far away, and we'll soon run him down. But who could have come here to-night under the guise of Phillips ? Why, surely to goodness the scoundrel would not have had the cool daring and cheek to personate the con stable and liberate Ayers? Yet, con fusion ! it must be. Of course, I see it now. He was sailing in the same boat with the convict and wanted com pany in the bush. Well, it is the coolest thing I have ever heard of, and there will be a deuce of a row when the news gets to headquarters. What on earth were you fellows thinking about not to know whether or not it was Phillips you saw in the long room ? You know he has a beard and the man to-night had not,' he added, turning to the turnkeys. ' He might have shaved during the day, sir, and we don't know the con stables very well. Indeed, we had no suspicion at all. He had the master keys, and that was proof enough for us, sir. Besides, he had on uniform,' re plied one of the men. 'Uniform, eh I Where could he get that ?' queried the chief. ' He might have returned to the body -of Phillips and taken some of his clothes 'while I was getting ready to come here,' suggested Hodgson. This was quite possible and probable the commandant saw, and as action was necessary a party was at once fitted out and ordered to proceed to -the settler's place. This was under the command of Henry, and the partly stripped body of the constable was proof that the missing uniform had iieen used to effect the 'liberation of Sconvict 841, named in the register IjVilliam Ayers. 