In the Dmul oí Night. (By A<li Cambridge.) CHAPTER VI. Tho Catspaw. That flrst night iii the haunted chamber was not so romantic in its incidents as the second one, anil yet it was far from being commonplace. The occupants found it impossible to feel at home in such surroundings. 'they fldgetted through the long six hours, listening, watching, talking, dozing in brief snatches, waking on the threshold ol dreams to cry, "Phew, how hot it is!" and dis turb each other by asking whether he or she was aslcer or not. And the mice were distracting. But_for the testimony of universal experience, it would have been hard to believe they were mice, rushing and raging over the floor, and scratch ing and squealing behind the wainscot in that ram pageous manner. The present auditors had no doubt rfbout it-blessed them in choice language without feeling any necessity to light the caudle. Poi haps it was the familiar domestic associations of the noise which lulled them into their li rs t sleep, when their ears had become accustomed to the noise itself. At any rate, they slept. It seemed to them selves that they had been off guard for about Ave mii'Utes, when first Nettie, and then her husband, awoke to a sensation of something having hap pened during their absence. There was a sub dued creaking, as when one tries to open a door or window without being heard-a little cracking uoihc, then silence, then another crack. "There's someone in the room," whispered Net tie, her dry tongue cleaving to the roof of her mouth. "Hush-sh-sh !" breathed Wingate in her ear, avid he drew himself up softly into a sitting pos ture. The moon was obscured at this moment, and from their bed by the fireplace, nearer to the door than the window, they could see nothing dis tinctly. Again they heard the creaking noise-a noise that certainly had not disturbed them before they went to sleep-and Wingate cautiously felt for tho matches. He was not alarmed, but he trembled with the effort that he had made not to betray himself by an untimely movement. He managed to secure the match box without rattling it against the candlestick, and to open and close it without a tinkle; then he sat up in bed with a match in his hand, ready to strike the instant he heard the creaking sound again. After long suspense it was repeated, and, with his straining eyes fixed upon the door whence he believed it to come, he dashed the match upon the box, expecting to reveal the form of Geraldine Desailly or an ac complice in the act of creeping into the room. But he dashed with too much vigor. The match head snapped without exploding, and fell upon the sheet. He did not swear, as he felt inclined to do, but listened for a moment eagerly. Again there was the creaking sound, not so loud this time, but continued for several seconds instead of one. He seized another match, struck it successfully, and held the little flame high, rising on one knee as he did so, and he saw that the door was closed and the room unchanged. He then lit the candle, and got out of bed to explore more thoroughly, Nettie following close behind him; but the strict est search discovered nothing. The bit of paper still over the outside of the keyhole, untouched; the passage doors were shut and fastened; the passage and the little staircase were empty and silent; the haunted room revealed no sign of any human presence, save their own. "It must have been the mice," said Wingate., as he locked their own door afresh; and he bade his wife go back to bed. "It was not a bit like mice," she objected tim idly. "Well, there's nobody about, at any rate." So they returned to their pillows, and, listening for a long time, heard no more noises except such as mice ordinarily make in their nibblings at dry woodwork, and their scamperings to and fro. Rain began to patter down again, and to tinkle upon the window. "Perhaps it was rain," said Wingate. "Perhaps," suggested Nettie hopefully, "it was the furniture creaking after being moved and pulled about. I had a wicker chair in my bed room once that used to make noises the whole night if I had been sitting in it before I went ¿o bed." . "Oh, very likely. I daresay that was it." Wingate turned over to go to sleep. His wife, less satisfied, lay awake for some time knger, and then she, too, dozed again; but she had troubled dreams of ghosts and burglars that startled her into sudden recognition of the white moonlight and black shadows of the haunted room at very short intervals. On one of these occa sions she crept up to BLlly, and -whispered his nairne into ¡bis ear. He was slumbering lightly, but in a moment checked his audible breathing, and brought all his senses to attention. There was a noise in the air again, but not the same noise as before. It was a sort of pulsation, half a sigh and half a snore, rising and falling gently and evenly, like the heavy breathing of some sleeping animal, and it seemed to come from under the floor. "If we were in the bush," said Wingate, "I should say it was an opossum. It is exactly like the noise they make in the trees at night, just outside your window." "ll must be a dog," said Nettie. "Yes. Or-" he was trying to think of an English equivalent for an opossum "ora squirrel out of the woods." They were both turo that it was not man, woman, .or ghost; so Wingate picked up one of his boots and flung it noisily across the iloor, crying "Shoo!" loudly as he did so. Instantly the noise stopped, there was toe sound of a stealthy, creep ing movement, and all was still. "A squirrel," said Wingate again. "An old piar» like this, departed for eo long, and standing in the middle of thes-e lonely woods, must be alive with creatures making a sheller of it. No wonder there are noises." Then they went to sleep for the list time, and awoke in daylight, snfe and sound, satisfied with the issue of their adventure. Nettie dressed provisionally, put a tin kettle to boll on a spirit stove, and made tea, flrst for her husband and herself, and then for the two men who had epeut the night ou tho hard board* of thc summerhouse, aud whom Wingate wont in search o£ as soon, as he had hurried on hit; clothes. "Well, you fellows," he said airily, "now that you've got the light of day to reassure you, per haps you'll come into the ho usa for a little refresh ment. Mrs. Wingate ia brewing you a cup of tea; she thinks you'U ba wanting eomething alter all you have gone through. We have been as com fortabe and snug as possible." 'Slept well, slr?" inquired Abel Rowe, as he and his companion walked stiffly 'towards the house, having returned respectful greetings and tendered thanks for the lady's kindness. "Never better," replied Wingate. "You didn't keep awake to watch-?" "Of course I did. When I s.y I slept well, I mean that everything was quiet. The mica made a bit of a rumpus, that's all." "And your lady was'nt frightened, slr?" "Not a bit. She isn't one of that ¿ort. Besides, there was nothing to frighten anybody." Then he fetched his wife diwnstaiis, taking the precaution, to lock their caamb?r door behind them, because she was' leaving silver toilet things and other valuable about; and she looked very fresh and charming to the tired men as alie stepped into the hall, carrying her tea-basket in her arms. They saluted her with a shamefaced sense of her moral superiority over themselves. "I should like," said Wingate, emptying the re maining contents of his spirit flask into the men's teacups, "to thoroughly satisfy your minds as well as my own, to prove to everybody that the hou^e is free of ghosts, at any rate. It is just possible that I may rent the place from Sir Walter for a, time, and I am well aware that we should have trouble with servants, and so on, if any nonsense of that sort got about. I suppesa you won't object to sleeping with us here to-night, now that a lady has not been afraid to do it, with only one arm to defend her?" The men pocketed the insult implied, and pro fessed themselves ready to spend nights or days wherever duty called them. If the gentleman and Mr. Blackett thought it better to guard the house from the inside than from the outside, well and good. They were there to obay orders. "Then I'll see Mr. Blackett in the course of the day, and let you know the arrangements liter. You can leave the keys with me; I will lock up safely." Ttaey left him the keys, and departed to their homes, and breakfast;. Then Wingate and Nettie enjoyed some boure of perfect independence and delight; feeding and watering their hor.es, roam ing about the neglected grounds, where they found fresh footprints-unmistakable woman's _ footprints -amongst the marks of the men's boots in the moist earth, pointing as unmistakably to the rector's sleep-walker; wandering over the extraordinary house, and rummaging its many nooks and corners, its cupboards and cabinets, its* wonderful relics of the romantic past; until they felt so hungry as well as so- intensely interested that they determined not to waste time going home to luncheon, but to maike shift with the scraps of the provision basket. Iliey camped again in the great hall, sitting on their carriage cushions, and spreading a clean towel before themi on the stone floor. It reminded them, they said, of many a picnic in the beloved bush at home, though it would have been hard to imagine a greater contrast. They lifed baggy napkins and üpread them open, disclosing curly-cornered sand wiches, crumpled pasties, dry hunks of bread, and cheese, with fragments of other dainties similarly the worse for wear. Only that Billy enjoyed the continual feast of a contented mind, Nettie would have expected remarks on her housekeeping; but he waa satisfied to eat whatever she gave him, and only grumbled because there was not enough to drink. "I willi make some tea," she said. "I've got a screw left." But he eaid he wanted something better than tea, and retrospectively begrudged tba whisky he had wasted over-night. So she remembered that ehe had a medicinal flask in her drawing-bag up stairs, and offered to go and fetch it. "I'll go," cried Wingite, springing to his fest. "You couldn't unlock the door with those bits of hands." And he tramped towards, the staircase at the end of the hall, and pounded up the shallow oak' steps to the gallery above and the western pas sage leading out of it, singing as he went, filling the house with hollow noises. Whew he returned, he was holding a silver-mounted bottle between his eye .and the light, laughing discontentedly. "Well, you're a nice sort of young person!" he exclaimed. "Am I?" she replied. "And why?" "Tippling on the quiet in this way, and all the time pretending to your husband that the smell of spirits makes you sick." "So it does. What are you talking about?" "This flask's empty." "It isnt. It's brimful. I haven't touched it since you filled it for me in London." Wingate solemnly turned it upside-down before her eyes. One drop only splashed upon the paye ment. "Then someone has been ait it." "Since when?" "I don't know. I have never taken it out of its pocket since we left town." \- "The stopper was hardly screwed on at all." "Oh, dear! I hope lt hasn't been leaking into the bag." "No, I looked to see. The bag is all right. But don't you keep it locked when you're going about in strange places? You ought. All those fittings are solid, you know." "I will in future," «aid Nettie. "But it's a nuisance. I do hate not to be able to trust peo ple." "So do I," said Wingate. And they silently sus pected a number of honest persons, while Nettie strove to pacify the disappointed one with a cup of tea. It did not pacify him so they put the horses to the buggy and returned to the Desailly Arms, where he drank a whole bottle of beer and was himself again. Then Nettie, bathed and brushed, with stays off and an empire tea-gown on, spent a pleasant after noon with a novel. Wingate, meanwhile, went ito see Mr. Blackett, Mr. Martin, the housekeeper at the Dower House, and his late colleague the con stable, to arrange the programme for the night. Time was required for the doing of so much busi ness, and Mrs. Venn was ready to dish up dinner when he returned with his report. "It's all right," he said. "Walter is hurrying home, but he can't get here till late ito-night; 1 don't suppose wo shall see him till the morning, lie hos telegraphed to Blackett that I un to have a free hand. Dear old fellow! I am thankful knows it wasn't me, at .last. lit will be strange see him after twenty years, and to see him une these sitran.ge circumstances. Ile is leaving t boy behind-I'm glad of that; it would have be difficult to talk of his mother before him, and might have hampered us in our dealings with M George, whom he seems, like the rector, to rega as a persecuted angel, more or leas. By the wt I've done a good stroke iu getting the rector join our watch to-night. He's awfully interest in the business, and burning ito help-feels, course, that it's a parish matter in which he primarily concerned. But I told him to be su and not breathe a word to the lady. I said t mere suggestion of burglars and ghosts, of an thing being the matter, would be most injurious her in her nervous state. She's not sleepii any better, he says, but still refuses to s a doctor or to have anyone in her room. Tl being away to-night will give her scope for ente prise; we shall be able to lind her out now, we are very careful. I don't mean to let an body watch in the garden, to scare her off; 1 give her a chance to do whatever it is she wan to do." "Blow us up with dynamite?" cried Nettie. "Oh, it isn't dynamite," he rejoined cont dently. "There'd be no sense in that. It's som thing that doesn't want to make a noise to attra< public attention. And"-with an exultant look "old Walter will be here to-night." An unusually hearty dinner and an imperative necessary cigar took another hour from the da; light, and by the time Mrs. Venn had replenishe the picnic- basket, and been mercifully made a qualnted with a part of the truth as to the bus ness connected with it, Wingate found hlmse late for his appointment with the rector at Tl Chase. But the horses were fresh and fast, ar the way was short to-night. A groom was i attendance to drive them back to the comfor able inn stables, for it was not supposed to l any longer necessary to keep the means of escaj at hand; and husband and wife yawned luxur ously in anticipation of the quiet night they wei going to have. Their nerves were entirely una fected by its shadowy approach. It was deligh ful to hear the owl hoot, and the stag, with h lighting antlers ready, challenge his rival across glimmering pool. The mystery of the thick woof to right and left had no terrors in it; and th old house, when again it loomed above them, wa even as the Melbourne Town Hall to their placi imaginations. They found Mr. Martin kicking his heels in th porch, and took him in, and entertained him, a if the place belonged to them; made him sniok and drink, and eat delicacies provided on oui pose for him out of the basket, .and join in pleas ant talk and the telling of adventurous tales; au Wingate fed Abel and the constable with eque hospitality, after the manner of Australian hosts Then, in good heart and condition, they mountei the grand staircase in a body and dispersed them selves to their respective posts. The rector wa put into what used to be Walter's dressing room, the two men had shake-downs on the pas sage lloor, just outside the door of the large chain ber that had been Lexie's, which Wingate am Nettie had appropriated. And now this pair felt that the time had com to relax and recruit themselves after their ex hausting day. Wingate sank into an arm-chair in slippers and shirt-sleeves, and lit his pipe Nettie squatted on the bed, and brushed her hair and yawned contentedly. And they amused th m selves with plans for renting The Chase-whicl now seemed altogether desirable-and discusset furniture and domestic arrangements, and hov they would have a real English Christmas in tin great hall, and invite ail available Australians o their acquaintance to come to it. "Oh, I am so tired!" sighed Nettie at last. "So am I," said Wingate, getting up to stretct himself. "It's the reaction after so much ex citement. Well, we can sleep in peace to night." She tumbled into bed, and the heavy lid: dropped over her sleepy eyes. He for the lasl time stepped to the now unlocked door, and opening it for an inch or two, asked if they were "all right out there?" "All right," the three men responded promptly. "Good night, then. Call me if anything is the matter, but don't make more noise that you can help. Mrs. Wingate is tired, and I don't want her to be disturbed." They bade him good night, and he extinguish ed the candles on the dressing- table. In ten minutes he and his wife were slumbering like a pair of healthy infants. They could not have "gone off" more quickly and soundly if they had taken opiates for the purpose. Nevertheless, Nettie awoke in an hour-sud denly, with an unaccountable sense of shock. Before she was able to think about it, before she opened her eyes, iudeed, she knew she was» not being roused naturally, but had been fright ened awake by some power of which her physical senses were not as yet conscious. It was with a heart-shaking thrill that she remembered where she was-the tragical haunted room, and the pale moonbeams that only made it more so -and at the same moment realised that she had been compelled to remember it. While far away in dreamland, fancy free, something something awful-had called her back; she had no doubt about lt, even while she did not know what it was, hearing and seeing nothing. Her husband calmly snored beside her, with his head rolled in the bedclothes; he had not felt the presence in the air, and she was powerless to lift hand or voice to stir him. Opening her eyes-every other muscles of the body being paralysed with fright- she looked in to the darkness straight before her, as with an instinct for the quarter whence revelation would come. There was nothing at the foot of the great bedstead, no footboard or rail, to obstruct her view, but the moonlight was not strong enough to show her the features of the room immediately. Gradually, however, the main outlines faintly defined themselves-the division of wall from ceiling and of panel from panel until she could see the shape of the recess in which the picture that faced her was embedded. While her fascinated gaze was rivetted to this object, she saw a strange effect of broken lights, or rather of broken shadows, quivering on aud off its surface, which still shone with old var nish; the next instant the picture was gone! Not altogether gone, but, as it were, cut in two -the fact being that it had been pushed up in a groove, as one pushes up the sash of a window, leaving the lower half of the space void. But not empty. Nettle knew now what la WUB that had chilled her blood even while Bhe slept Peering out from that black hole were a pair of eyes-there was a head belonging to them, but the eyes were all she saw-shining fixedly, like those of a hungry wild beast watch ing the time to spring; and it was at her they glared, with more and more ferocious intentness as the power of the moon increased, while Bhe lay like a terror-stricken rabbit in the cage of a boa-constrictor, unable to articulate even thc» little whisper that would have sufficed to arouse her mate. She knew the eyes belonged to a man and not to a ghost, and felt sure that she and Billy were going to be murdered like poor Lexie, as a penalty for meddling with that ghastly house, and that she would only precipi tate the catastrophe if she spoke or moved. The eyes and hers confronted each other dur ing a dozen hammer-strokes of her bursting heart; then a hand became visible, cautiously extended; a head followed, craning to right and left; a naked foot stole out of the picture frame, and groped stealthily for the floor. When she saw that Nettie concluded that the end had come. The spell that had paralysed her facul ties seemed to snap and free her, and she utter ed a ringing shriek that Sir Walter might have heard at the Dower House, where he had just arrived-a shriek which was answered by kn oath from the mysterious intruder, who had not seen that she was watching him. The sound had not died before Wingate was out of bed, the rector, Abel Rowe, and the con stable, stumbling to their feet, bewildered and quaking, all at sea for the moment as to what had occurred. Then the occupants of the haunted chamber heard bare feet slapping th& floor, the crash of a chair overturned, the thump of a body against the door, the rattle of the handle; and Wingate bawled excitedly, "Look out there! Stop him! Stop him! And then to the constable, who had the revolver, "Don't shoot! Don't shoot! He can't get out!" Even as he spoke the door was flung open, and the fugitive was seen running down the pas-^ sage, where a lighted stable lantern had been placed for the night. Two of the guard, in the condition known as flabbergasted, looked as it they had been knocked backwards and breathless by the flying figure, and were not yet certain if it were flesh and blood or ghost; but the ex pression of the rector's face as he darted out of his room was even more astonished and astoni«h ing. All three set off in pursuit as fast as their legs could carry them; and a strange sound it was in the dead of night-the echo, reverbe^ rating far and wide, of that hurry-scurry through the hollow house, along the gallery, and clown the stairs where the moon made darkness visible. Because Nettie held him back, praying not to be left alone with that hole in the wall and its terrifying possibilities, Wingate did not go for a minute or two, but he spent that minute in helping her into her dressing-gown, and then they followed the chase together. A man In his py jama suit is already dressed for such emergen cies. The scuffle was over when they appeared upon the scene of action, but a dramatic pjicture met their eyes as they came into the gallery at the head of the grand staircase, and looked down into the hall. The moon and the stable lantern that Wingate held above his head just, and only just, revealed the size and sombre splendors of the place; the policeman's bull's-eye did the rest. It was opened upon the face of the central figure of the group gathered in the middle of the paved floor, and that face was the only thing distinct in the vast obscurity. The three men round, it were shadows only. One shadow poured wine from a bottle into a cup, another flitted about with the provision basket; the third presented something to the Rembrandt face, and it opened unshaven jaws and snatched it wolfishly. "Why, who the dickens is that?" exclaimed Wingate. "It's all right, Mr. Wingate," the rector called to him. "It's Mr. George Desailly. He was locked in by accident on the day of the coming of age, he says, and could not get out." "And he's clean starved," cried Abel Rowe. "There's nothing at all where his stomach ought to be." . "He hasn't been without food for a fortnight," Wingate whispered to Nettie, as they ran down the stairs together. "And he could have got out at least three days ago if he had liked." "Look!" she said, breathlessly, and pointed t one of the great hall windows. With the moon .behind it, a figure was dimly visible; a swing of tho stable lantern showed a pair of peering eyes and a white nose flattened upon the glass. "Mr. Martin," said Wingate, '"your guest ÍB Walking ir. her sleep again. She is on the terrace there. Go out very quietly so as not to startle her, which is bad for sleep-walkers, and bring her into shelter will you? Perhaps she is awake, and looking for her lost ihusband; if so you can teld her we have found him." Full of concern for his interesting invalid, the rector bustled towards one of the two archways through which one passed from the hall to the vestibule and porch. Wingate hurried after him, and threw open a leaf of the heavy outer doors. Thc fresh night came pouring in, and with it the sound of wheels and horses approaching ra pidly, not over the grass, but along another road reserved for carriages, entered at a, gate near the gate of the Dower House. The master had ar rived (To be continued.) The articles on 'bee culture which have been appearing in our columns have attracted a great deal of attention, as is evidenced by the number of favorable commente we have received from persons interested in the industry. Mr. Abrams, the writer of the articles, is, however, no mere theorist. Tho .proof of his skill lies in the product of his apiary, «nd judging from some samples which we have received, its quality leaves no thing to he desired. It is beautifully clear, and possessed of an exquisite flavor. Duelling on bicycles is reported to be a new diversion in Spain. Two members of the Bicycle Club of Grenada recently met in a knife duel, which is probably the first encounter of the kind ever fought upon wheels. Accompanied by their sec onds, they wheeled out some distance on the road to Malaga, to a secluded «pot. There, posted 700ft apart, at a sign thsy wheeled towards each other, euch directing the machine with the left hand, and brandishing ia the right that terrible knife of Spain-'the navaja. At the first clash, Perez pierc ed tho left arm of Moreno, but at the third en counter Moreno thrust his knife into Perez's right breast, la a few minutes the latter (lied oí la tema! heinorrh.li KO. 