Gruzobs. Wet Paulton. Fine ram. Silly Sellar. Dan Barry. Home again. Stormy night. Theatre Koval.. " Tewfik impatient. Derby to-morrow. Berber evacuated. Last day of August. Cycloraina re-opened. Labour rcrsus Labour. Protector home again. Jenks Acting-Premier. INo Journal to-morrow. "Too Much Johnson." Farmers should rejoice. Banners being unfurled. Ben Tillett in Adelaide. Jaabour delegates galore. Rain and still more rain. Gallantry of British officers. Port v. Norwood to-morrow. Opening of the cycling season. Last night of "A Gilded Sin."' Good luck go with Charleston. • A fight for the Central District. Morphettville Races to- morrow. Hutchison to oppose Charleston. A bad move of the Labonr Party. Kiner of Siam banqueted in Berlin. " The Sign of the Cross'' next week. Ministry of all the Talents scattered. British ladies and children in danger. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 29'53. Eight-hours demonstration to-morrow. Addie Conyers back again in Australia. A storm at Port Pirie did much damage. Ben Tillett lectures to-night at the Port. Three Ministers left to govern the country. Only one case at the Police Court this morning. Charleston's supporters will work like Trojans. Labour Party cutting off its nose to spite its face. Adelaide rainfall for twenty-four hours, 0145. Good prices realised in Melbourne for stud sheep." Cretan Assembly adopted scheme of autonomy. Plague still increasing in virulence at Poona. Presbyterians have a message from the Queen. Charleston will get the support of all classes. Premier Seddon welcomed by t, Maorilander. Canadian Premier returned to his own country. British naval officers punished for the recent collision. Laureate Caldwell off to Queensland to seek the MuBe. Chief Justice will probably be home again in October. Labonr Party still angry, and are putting up the gloves. A heavy fine levied in Melbourne for smuggling. The late Lord Inverurie was an artist, and stood 6 ft. 2 in. One thousand guineas paid for the ram Vice-President. South Australian Contingent were given a hearty welcome. The Chief Secretary squirmed at the military social last night. What interest does O'Loghlin take in the Military Forces? £30,000 distributed in strike pay amongst British engineers. Premier Forrest believes in a State-owned railway. Hear, hear. Major Dean's remarks were enjoyed by & sympathetic audience. Six brigades necessary to coerce and disarm the disaffected Afridis. Sellar accuses others of sycophancy; what is his particular virtue? Sir George Turner proposes an adjournment till February or March. The uniforms of <our Boys - gave them entree everywhere in London. Ten million pounds of gold exported from Australia in eight months. Postal authorities abandoned the-attempt to Becure the Tasmania's mails. Gas traction for tramcars is said"to bo cheaper than electric power. An Irish paper declared that-Charley high old time of it in Ireland. Happily.it was only one man in the City Council who displayed bad taste. High price of horsefeed has made a-dif ference in Tram Company profits. A gun carriage to be provided for the funeral of the late Mr. W. E. Peterswald. The Chief Secretary evidently did not relish the remarks ot Major Dean last night. Parliamentary Poet about to inspect Darling Downs and other country in Queensland. \- Sun rose at 6 a.m., sets at 5.25 p.m. Moon rose at 7.27 a.m., sets at 8.S7 p.m. Next week the Theatre Royal -will no doubt be freely patronised by non-Theatre goers. People who go to Church and not to Theatres patronise "The Sign of the Cross." The Buxtons. have left tbe Blue Mountains and are now guests at Government House, Sydney. "Uncle Harry asks the *'Sunbeams" £b send a weekly box of flowers to the Broken Hill HosDitaL South Australian Contingent fraternised with "Tommy Atkins," and found him a real good fellow. Western Australian Inspector-General of Schools in Adelaide. He will enquire into our educational svetem. Chief Secretary paid a poor compliment to an old and trusted officer when he allowed only a semi-military funeral. A "Canadian Night" attended to by Colonel Rowell. Something superlative in the form of generous gatherings. C. C. K. told the Irish people that South Australia was not yet tired of his Ministry. He had evidently lost his trumpeter. * Fourteen pounds a year (and find your own horse) is tbe enormous sum given for looking after a regiment of mounted infantry. Premier Turner thinks" if his proposals are adopted there will be no necessity for the Convention to sit more than a few days. Major Dean spoke out straight last night and nothing but the truth about the force having a limit to its power of starvation. Premier Forrest favours tbe construction of a railway line from Port Augusta to Fremantle. but not on the land-grant principle. Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company declared a dividend of 2s. t>d. per share for the half-year. Greek Government proposes to assign tobacco and stamp revenues as a guarantee for the repayment of the war indemnity loan. Sir John Forrest and his co-delegates have come over at great inconvenience; ergo, they anxious for federation. That's his style of reasoning. Dissension among the Afridis arose owing to dissatisfaction in the various tribes at the distribution of the booty captured from the evacuated forts. In Melbourne a man sentenced to six months' imprisonment for having falsely represented himself as a mining expert and thereby obtained money. Nobicycfe is to be wheeled "along"any footway,"bell and lamp are to be provided, the cyclist must observe the rule of the road, and he or she must not travel at a speed "dangerous to traffic." The resolution of the Council of the British Medical Association, that the name of Dr. Leith Napier be struck off the list, was confirmed by 74 votes to 4, and that of Dr. Ramsav Smith with 3 dissentients. The skipper of a Norwegian ship in Melbourne told .that he could have his vessel back on the payment of a fine of £300 and the confiscation of goods .valued at £100. He won't smuggle any more, one would think. The dirge which Anne Boleyn wrote on herself after her condemnation— Defiled is my name, full sore. Through crnel spite and false report, That I may say for evermore. Farewell to joy, adieu comfort. For wrongfully ye judge of me, Unto my fame a mortal wound, Say what ye list, it may not be,- Ye seefc for that shall not be found. \- Oh, Death'. rosk me asleep, Bring on my quiet rest, Let pass my very euiltess ghost Oat of my careful breast. 