OLD SWEETHEARTS. BY THE AUTHOK OF " BETHIA ARUNDEL." "Oh, love for a year, a week, a day ; Bat alas for the love that loves alway,' \--"Sweethearts." The drawing-room in a certain fashionable- ladies' club in London was emptying a little as the tea-hour passed. To-day, in spite of the dismal sleet outside, the dining-room had been so full that one gay party had migrated to the drawing-room, where a smart maid set the tea table in a corner. But this gay quartette, too, had gone, and the room was emptying slowly, when an old lady, white haired and erect, and dressed very richly in black silk and velvet, with nodding plumes over her white hair, entered, and quietly took a chair in the centre of the room, drawing the "Lady's Pictorial" towards her and glancing over it absently. She drew off her gloves presently, and you saw delicate slender hands, on which sparkled a few old rings. They were characteristic hands, and fitted well with the charm of her face. It was a face to attract the observant still, for all that Time had very long ago stolen away the beauty of youth and colouring. Her skin was of the clear tint of old ivory, her features were exquisite still, as if they had been carved on a cameo; and the eyes, of a deep, lucent blue, looked at the outside world with strange brilliancy under her strongly pencilled eyebrows and soft, white hair. A patrician face, a proud face, a very sad face! " Half-past five ! Perhaps the weather—" She had consulted a jewelled watchbracelet ; but just then the door opened, and a tall, soldierly old man stood in the doorway, immaculate in attire, his long frock coat showing a rich silk front, his dark moustache drooping over a handsome mouth. In his way he was as good-looking as was the lady, patrician in type, too, but with languid eyes that had none of her hidden fire and life. As he hesitated, holding a furred glove in one long, lean hand, she advanced to him, bowing with a polite smile. " Colonel le Manton?" He bowed low, and she pointed to a chair, which he took, opposite to hers. " My dear madam, I am desolee at being late! But I was detained—detained at the very door—buttonholed by a bore, who wanted my opinion as to the points of a horse. You, with your know- ledge of life, have, of course, met many bores. You know their density, their leechlike qualities, their obtuse deliberation." She smiled slightly, turning round just then to give an order to the maid to bring tea to the vacated table in the corner. " Tea and crumpets or muffins, colonel?" " Shall we say muffins ? My dear lady, it was too good of you to ask me here—a mere stranger. And yet, since I have read your charming sketches in the 'London,' I have felt indeed that I knew you—that you were an old friend!" "Yes?" She had put down her gloves, and now sat twisting her rings round on her fingers. "I was emboldened by your kind and most flattering letter to ask you to meet me here. I am leaving England for the South." " 1 am very sorry to hear that. What will the 'London' do ?" " There are so many writers, new and sparkling, and young ! I have often wondered, indeed, that the editors care for the work of an old woman like me." " Age cannot wither some people," the colonel quoted gallantly, " 'nor custom stale their infinite variety.' My dear madam, if I may say so, wisdom like yours is like old wine —age only improves it; and, to carry the simile further, the years have not robbed your writing of its sparkle—they only add to it. I have noticed and admired your work for years; and yet I only know you, now, under your nom de plume 'Erin.' Are you, then, Irish? The 'London' forwarded my letter to you, but they were discreet, they did not give me the address." Tea had come by this time, and the old lady poured it out, the colonel handing her the cream, and waiting on her with old-world courtesy and empressement. Once or twice it might have seemed to a keen observer that the fine old lips opposite him twitched slightly. When he had lifted the cover from the crumpet dish and helped her, he took a knife and fork from the tray, and folded his napkin over his knees. "I always beg for these. We grow fidgety in our old age; and "—he held out his fingers delicately—"if one has to go on to one's club, later, the memory of departed joys in the shape of butter is scarcely pleasant." She was eating her toast slowly, listening. Those who knew her well would have found the old lady oddly silent. "And you are leaving England? To return, of course, when spring makes London bearable once more ?" "No, I do not think I shall ever return. The doctors have forbidden me to live in London again." "Ah! A sentence of banishment." "You always loved London," she murmured, half involuntarily, then seemed to remember something, and continued rapidly. That is one reason why I broke, through the bonds of conventionality, and asked you to meet me here. My town house is dismantled, and I thought two old people—" "My dear madam, you honoured me. Besides, I am rather an habitue of tea at ladies clubs. I have two friends who take me to the Albemarle. I always enioy myself. They ask their friends, and we hear a good deal of wit and dalliance. 'Whipped cream' Sir Walter called it. But it is frothy-very frothy ! Even wit, I take it, is not what it used to be. Young people, nowadays, when they are not riding a hobby to death, are too bored to be witty. In my young days (but I'm afraid I only bore you ?) people said things that one can quote still. What could one quote that is said to-day?' " I am fortunate in that respect," she said gently, "for I happen to know some young people who are very sparkling. One is my nephew. A little more tea, colonel? And that brings me to the recollection that I think I should tell you frankly I asked yon here so l could tell you his story, and could ask a favour.'' He bowed, one hand over his heart. "My dear madam, yon have only to command me in any way. Your sketches in the 'London' have given me the purest pleasure I have known for years. I was born and brought up in Surrey. Every place you mention—" Her eyelids flickered a little then, and the hand holding the sugar-tongs tremb- led suddenly. Something was stirring the old lady's heart as it had not been stirred for years ; and perhaps she had deemed herself stronger than she was. "1 know Surrey well," she said then. " I, too, was born there. One writes easily of the ground whose very stones are dear." " But your nephew!" " He is at a turning-point in his career," she said, and stirred her tea slowly . "He is young, and clever, and impressionable —hard-working and brave. An honourable and upright young man. I want you to understand and believe that. He comes of an old and honourable lineage, but of mere worldly self he has at present little." " And the turning-point!" " He was fortunate enough to be highly recommended for the post of editor of a magazine lately bought by a—by an old soldier—a very good magazine, and he was almost certain of the post, when it came to his patron's knowledge that the young man aspired to his niece's hand. Will you allow me to finish, colonel ?" He bowed. There was a little disturbance visible in the way the lean hand caressed his moustache, and once or twice he glanced at her oddly and almost uneasily. " The uncle of the girl asked, and my nephew confessed. He had not spoken to this Alice Clare, but be hoped to win her. He was instantly told that the post could never be his. She was intended for a richer man. I learned the story from my nephew, and after thinking the matter over, thought I would see what an old woman could do. Perhaps I was unwise to interfere." She paused then, and suddenly loosened the delicate black laces about her throat. Colonel le Manton, if one has suffered one's self in one's youth, I think it makes one loth to see a chance of the same suffering being inflicted on others. Young, happy hearts, with such a capacity for joy and sorrow ! Quick to enjoy—but, ah me!—quick, too, to suffer horribly ! I have seen your niece, and —I—I liked her! I almost felt as if I were looking at the ghost of my own dead youth. And I saw before me, in a prophetic picture, the weary path her feet might have to tread! If you gain your way, and part them, I think you will be sorry. You have not an unkind heart, only all your life you took pinchbeck for gold !" He had echoed her words in a strange voice, as if they struck upon some chord of memory, and he hardly knew he had spoke aloud. " I—I am afraid I acted hastily; and yet, poverty is a very cruel thing, madam! You with your knowledge of life, know that." " There are more cruel things than poverty," she said slowly. "I may speak, for I have known both; and I have known, in these latter days, wealth. And mere wealth will never fill the human soul, or content it. Has wealth, all these years, contented you? It was a home-thrust, and he winced under it. God knows it had not! To please a wealthy uncle this old man, in the days of his hot-headed youth, had given up the girl whom be loved, and who had loved him and waited for him, and the shadow of that deed had seemed to cover him all his life. He had inherited the old place, and sought her again, but she had disappeared. And, indeed, even if he had found her, he knew very well that he had lost her love! Leonie had sat looking at him with such strange, wondering eyes. She had acquiesced at once, and given him back all the little love-tokens. All but two—the red rose they had gathered together and exchanged in the Hall garden, and which they bad sworn to keep for ever, and the locks of hair - sunny gold and dark brown. He had never married. Her eyes had come between him and every other woman's face, however beautiful and imperial they might be—those sad, wondering, awakened eyes. "No," he said slowly "wealth did not satisfy me, for I made a mistake. And even my profession did not content me. Now that my days of war are over, and I am a man of peace, I have only an old age of club stories and club dinners; and, after that, a short round to Kensal Green." His languid cynicism and old-world stateliness had dropped from him like a cloak. It was.one of those brief moments in which the soul is laid bare. And yet you, in your torn, would run the risk of bringing the same loveless old age upon two others—another man and other woman." She spoke clearly and resolutely, and the colonel roused. "Madam, 1 will reconsider the matter. I had forgotten these things, and " — bowing—"I did not know that Harry Carisbrook had the honour of possessing ' Erin' as his aunt!" " You will see, and get to know him. That is all I ask." " I will, indeed. I give you the word of an old soldier." She smiled faintly, beginning to draw on her left glove. The colonel, watching her, suddenly started a little. A curious old ring (formed of two hearts, one of diamonds, and one of rubies, surmounted by a crown) seemed to attract him, and he looked at it eagerly, till roused again by her voice. "You will like him, I think —I am almost sure." "I shall write to him. He shall have the post. I bought the magazine; it was rather a freak, but I always had a fancy to have one of my own. Let me see, his address—I had better take a note of it." He drew an old pocket book from his breast pocket, and opened it very carefully. It was of red morocco, clasped with a gold band, and had a crest and motto on the side nearest her. The old lady looked at it, and her lips trembled. She gave a slight imperceptible start. He put it then on the table, and fumbled in one of the inside pockets for a card. The room was quite empty now. The tea parties had dispersed; in a very little it would be time for dinner, and the few ladies left had gone to the silence room to write letters. Something had made the colonel a little nervous. He drew out a card hastily, and with it a little something wrapped in tissue paper, at which he stared suddenly, as if he had seen a ghost. And then he laughed abruptly and oddly. "It is the ghost of my own romance! An odd thing—an odd coincidence, after our conversation! My dear madam, it is difficult to realise that I was once a young lover, with these few spare flakes of snow on my head now—but it is true! And this "—he unfolded the tissue paper carefully—"this was a lock of hair from the golden head of the girl I loved! Forty years ago! If she is alive it will be white hair now !" She had bent forward, and she, too, gave the faint ghost of a smile. Since we are on the subject of love -tokens, look at mine, colonel! ." She had unfastened a little old-fashioned heart-shaped locket, hung by a slender gold chain round her neck. On one side was a curl of dark hair, on the other a few brown, faded leaves. "An old woman, who should be done with romance, if a woman is ever done with that ; and I don't pretend I always wear it. I only put it on again to-day. The lock of hair I exchanged forty years ago ; and the rose leaves were red and dewy and scented—forty years ago!" "In the Hall garden? Leonie! " He uttered the words brokenly, in a low, shaken voice, and they stood there mute under the electric light; these two, who, forty years ago, had loved each other dearly! What thoughts, what stirring memories, were in either heart—Heaven knew! So strange is love, and the power of love —ay, even in this weary end of this weary old century - that I think they were both transported by its power. They only saw the winsome maid and the handsome man each had loved! They saw golden locks and upright figure, and eager, springing step ! They saw the Hall garden, and the standard roses, and the bees droning over the mignonette. They heard each other's voices! They were young once more, and happy! Then the vision faded. Some ladies had entered, who, in their turn, found an old, soldierly man, dressed carefully by a Bond-street tailor, and an old, white-haired. lady, who had the wreckage of beauty in the pallor of her white face, still standing silently in the centre of the room. " I will see you—to your carriage." "Thank you." In utter silence they walked downstairs, and into the hall. The porter handed the colonel his gold headed cane, and the old man said "Good-night to you" absently as he received it. " Good-night to you, sir. The lady's carriage? A brougham, madam ? Yes, it is here." They were out then on the pavement, and he handed her in. "Leonie! I never knew you! And yet your voice wrung my heart!" She had given him her hand, and was looking at him pitifully and gently. " Shall I see yon again, Leonie ? I shall do all I can for your boy. If she loves him, he shall win Alice." " Thank you, Hugh." " And when shall 1 see you ?" " I leave town-to-morrow. I fear this is —good-bye !" He stooped suddenly in the dark, the old bare-headed man, and kissed the frail old-hand. Then he stood back, the footman, touching his hat, leaped up behind, and the brougham rolled away. Inside the old lady lifted the hand he had kissed and held it softly to her face. " It is the most marvellous thing in the world, Alice! And I can give you no explanation at all! Absolutely none! He wrote and asked me to lunch at his club, and gave me the post of editor. And the salary is more than I thought. I had just time to tell Aunt Leonie before she started for Cannes. And then came this invitation to dine and go with you to the Lyceum. After dinner I asked if I might speak to you. With the work Aunt Leonie got for me on the ' London,' in her place, I could tell him of quite a comfortable little income ! And he just nodded in a queer, absent way, and said "Yes, oh yes. Alice, darling! it is like tie work of magic!" " Very nice magic!" the pretty Alice whispered smilingly. " He has been so odd and absent lately, I have noticed it. I have not once heard him say a cynical thing; and when his man tied his tie badly this evening he scarcely said anything. I hope he is not going to be ill." At which her lover laughed. But the colonel was not ill, and some weeks after he was walking down Piccadilly with Alice, with the old soldierly step, when she told him that Hugh had left town for the Riviera. They were openly affianced then. He started and looked at her quickly. "The Riviera! Why?" " His old aunt was found dead in her bed. She wrote, you know, such charming little idyllic sketches—worth their weight in gold, Hugh said. He will inherit her money. She had a good deal left her late in her life." He was walking on quite steadily, but his eyes were very far away. He saw nothing of the passers, of the eddying stream of vehicles, of the clubs, of Alice in her smart hat by his side. He was looking again into the white, old face, and the eyes that bade him a mute farewell, and he whispered under his breath faintly and slowly: " Leonie, Leonie!" 