CURRENlT EVENTS. i MIr. C. M. I1I.1, dentist, will visit herb is on Friday, 2nd July, nnd may he ce·nsul- at tod ht \Wall::sr'a Corner liotel from 12 noon till 8 p.m. bs \Ve are requested to state that the ci trophice offered in the bi,:cl race were d. the kilt of the troprint,,r, and that there bi is no iuch firm no tihe r Eagle Company," ce as was inadvertently prisnted in the pro grsamme. One of tile many good points of ir the" Eagles" being the fact that they are C built solely to order by Mr. W. Bralaon ti himsrnelf, who can thus guarantee the d honesty of the workmanship. g Some very foolish person has acted the fI " gawk " during the week by appearing in the setreete at the northern end of the i township at night in the gurb of what i superatition Iha:s lhanded down to ns Uas h that of a ghost. Such silly tricks are cs pecially dangerous to a certain section of ir the conmmunity, and the fool performing n them deserved any punishment that might a be inflicted upon lint. If such a one re ceivee the charge of a sporting gun or tlhe bullet of a r:eolverho will have only him- t self to bltamn for asanming so idiotic but danrgerous a character. The pity is such person does noe put himself in the ,way of i thoso whoseo duty keeps them out late at t night, and who are always armedi with a : handy weapon which wouhl imake the " gawk "scriously reflect on the wordsa ioe is said to have been written across hiis breast, and which, being rubrctd over with phosphorous, shine out distinctly in the dorknese. In such case it" is doubtful if lie would hIave tin So ," propare to illeet thy doom," as are said to be the words in question. In fact no punishment could be too severo for people who act in this mannoer. Weo have been naked by the Shiro secrs tury to mraw attention to the advertisement appearing in this insuo asking that ali anbscriptons in money towardtls the Queen's Jubilee Fund in aid of the local hospital asnould be handed in by to-mnorrow (Satr Sdlay) week.. This doii not refer to the Bruce Auction, which will be held on tihe 1 9th July, and towards which the collectors Y are invited to obtain as tunny donations as a possible. We are pleased to learn that Mr. W. H[ermiston is pr.,gressiug a sntinfuctorily . as can be expected in view of the terrible t injuries he received on Sunday week, as re ported in ourhihst ionue. During the frosty weather he was delirirous for some days,. Sand for three days and nights eould got no ' sleep. Thle change in the weather hIls haid a beneficial effcct,und lIsthohugh still suffer ing severO pain the general symsptoms are now mnore favourable. Accidents, like other misfortunes, go in Sccli'ea, and the present aplpeora to be the si eason for tSe fortier. Our Sunday after a noon Dr. Johnson hiel three cases of the kind, which prevented both himself and io Mrs- Johnson sttenlinig the Jillsiloe 'service. sal which the absence of both was noticed. n- To-mnorrow (Saturday) being a public e 'holiday the post olhico will be cbased to the Y. publio at 10 a.m., and open again from G. u1 to 7 p.m. when letters may bo callied for. r- A now idea from America-the land of as new ideas-is " The Bridal Book'. It is d easy to deserite its beginning, but to say 1\. where it shall endil is another thing.. Who °- but a woman would think oft such a thing? at A bridal book wherein shall be set piecos of the trounseau, flowers from tlio bridal boquet, flowere from the chancol, pieces of white ribbon that fenced. ff the bridal r. piows from tiue connon eciwd ; tio cover r, of the wedding-risne hix, torn:'front its n. border; lace fromn the cake boxes ; hills of iso fare from the various hotels at which the t-. newly-wedded stoppel ; tirne bilbles; the c- hairdressers, the tiiliri, the snodiste's Of ciards, placed among tie specimons of 6their. in goods; hotel bilth; ospays of will flowers gathered while on the honeymoon --and Sthings too nuom roeun too mention. Of-coarse (says the " Daily Chronicle) such couvon he ira are not to be lisplayed to the vulgar vo eye, for this wondrous volume must be re keptoseparato from the guest book, wherein are written the names of the guests at the ro wedding Some brides ainy extend the " list of souvenirs sitUl further, and have no hairs plicked from the tails of the luridrl 'span, of white horses; a button off tle Y. groomts coas; a piece of the ofliciating ie clergyman's surplice, and possibly a lack " of the rev. gentloman'bl hair ; a wick from i- the altar candles ;' fingers from the gloves 00 of the important . guests at the wedding; porthaits of the choir boys,, the minister,. to tile bridesmanid,. and tire pages; photo rC grape of the church,,tlhe house, the bri,1l breakfast party,, and each hotel stopped at; ', label' from the wine bsottles, receipted ho l, tel billk, and so on. ik In consequonce of the succean of the il lnminations and display of fireworks on d Tuesday evening tlis same will be repeated on to-morrow (Saturday) night, a number o of township residents Ihaving promised MIr. Gordon to defray the coat of the fire I worke on the occasion. An extra number iy of prism lamps will be placed on the 1e facade of thie shiroehall, na as to carry out S the original design of the shire secretary, which coiul not be accomplished on . Tuesday evening lnst for want of the S falol number of .lampa. Goodl as tihe Sdisplay was on Jubileo day it will be ec * lipsed to-morrowr night.b weatclher permoit id ting, and it is hoped as muny councillors ca posiblo will beo present; and thnt the d president of thel'shlireo wi!l.bare returned from i'elbourno to witness tio display which he was so kind asto order to tbo de light of tbo wholo community. . Attention ii, directed to tle salo of C- hIousehold furniture and effects of Mlr. J. C. Itnthinoanawhich take place at hisa resi dence (The M?Iount) on Tuesday next. As ir lIr. Iutohinson is loaviqg tie district, h- tie auctioneer (Mr. W. H. Wbiting) will at nubmit every ilem, and namo will be told without reserve. S "iVoare plcs ed to be able to state that 3jr. , George Ware, who Ihad snuch a narrow co cape from sutfocation by charcoal fumes at the time his mate, the late Mlr. 3rown, 'received is death Sfrom the came ' caUse, is :.sonewhat Sbetter in lheanlthl From the date of the accident Mr. Wlire'c condition has been t anythisig but natisfactory to his numerouo . friends, and at one poriodp ilwas thought lhe wold not get over tho effects of the i charcoal fumes. DDuringtholnastfewo dayv, , hIowever, hie hia made a marked improve y Innt in health. S We desire to tender our rympathy to Mr. and Mrs. Sharp, whose infant boy expired Son Tuesday list. The funeral took place o00 'WVednesday and was numerously at tended, eamsa being conducted by Mr. T. Carison. The c?llection'at Sunday nfhrnoon'a sear vice in the shiro" hall amounted to riglht Sguineas, which nmoant, les?a a few shillins Io for expenses, will in duoconrco be handed a over to the shire treasurer to swell the Jubilee Fund in aid of the haopital. Ve re;rrtt t) iea:r tliha ill-health has Scoc; elle Ir. C. 11. Wilunu ti dialosec of lie bnsires at Iftthcrelcu. 11 is' at pee sent touring Victorioa in order to recuper ate his health. Thlie nitron of the Alueandra hoapital bcgs to a knolwige witb t'antks it, r,: ceil tol :hi following articlca from the l dan?c hehi on T'lueomy evcleinv :--). tin biscuits, I large loaf bread, 11b te, 11i, cofiee, 'parcel?i ug.r, about Gits. In our report of Tue?,?ry' .Jubile pl oceed ingo wecomitted to omention tle fact that Mr. Carbaren ald MIr. P.otcrt Hlill each gave a tin of lollies fordijtributilh among the chil drert assembled o the .ho hO'W-ground, an?d the gift was duly appreciated. For the conveoience of children who crome from a distance to \vitnlcr: the illumin-itioni, &c.;, to-morrow evemnin1, the display of tire wuIrks will commence shortly attle half-p?'S jix o'clock. m s as to enable them to return hums in good thot. VW ute inforrmed that Mr. MIaorico Power leaves hero this (Friday) afternoon for PMelbourtne, haiing been tranrferrcd to another ofice. 110o carrine with hiim our bosr. wislhe-and we believe abo every resident throughout the shire--for hi fiu tro e uceCs. We are pleaied to hear that t: to chaneoi menris promotion. Mr. Power goes to Foster. The local roster for Wednesday next M- eers. Wheeler and 1Vightman. The Jubllco olport will take placo it Baxton to-day (Friday), For particulars SCo Itdvertio?tileuit. Sploadid s?uifuia now falling,. with every appe.rranco of a corntinoance. lretu midl nightl on Tlhuraday up till 8.30 this (Friday) morning 81- polntse were ro?is tered in Alexandra. I11~- ·--- ·I--~ 