[?] CHAPTER, XL— (Continued.) ' You must liavo heard it sooner or later,' Captain Danton said, ' botweon this and next Juno. As well now as at any other time.' Stanford bowed and waited. 'You have not resided in this house tor many weeks without hearing of! the invalid up stairs, whom Ogden attends, who never appeavB in public, and about whom all in the house aro more or loos curious P' 'Mr. Richards r said btaniord, surprised. ' Yos, Mr. Richards; you have heard of him. It was Mr. Richards whom you saw with Kate last night.' Reginald Stanford dropped tho paper knife lie had beon drumming with, and stared blankly at Captain Danton. 'Mr. Richards!' hoochoed; ' Mr, Richards, who is too ill to leave his room !' ; \ 'Not now,' said Captain Danton, calmly ; ' he was when ho first came herp. You know what ailed Macbeth— a sickness physicians could not cure. That is Mr. Richards' com plaint — a mind.diseasod. Romorso and terror are. that unhappy young man's ailmonb arid ' Thero was adoad pause. ? Reginald Stan ford, still perplexed, gazod at his father-in-, law-olect, and waited for something more satisfactory. : ' It is not a pleasant story to toll,' Captain Dauton wont on,' in a subdued voice; 'the story °f a young man's folly, and madness, and guilt; but it must bo told. The man you saw last night is baroly twenty- throe years of ago, but all tho promise of his 'lifo is gone; henceforth ho can bo nothing moro than a hunted outcast, with tho stain of murder on his soul.' _ ? ' G odd heavens !' exclaimed his hearer; ' and Kate Avalks with such a man, alone, and at midnight P' . ? ? m - ' Yes,' said Kate's fathor, prouclly, ' and will ngain, pleaBo Hoavon. Poor boy ! poor, unfortunate' boy ! if Kato and I wore to desert him, ho would bo'loBt indeod.' - 'This is all G'rook tome,' Baid Stanford, coldly. ' If tho man bo whati you say— a murderer — nothing can excuse Miss Danton's conduct.' 'Listen, Reginald, ray dear boy— almost my son ; listen, aud you will have nothing but pity for tho poor man upstairs, and doepor lpvfc for my noble daughter. But, first, have I your word of honour that what I toll you Bhall remain a secret ?' Regiual bowed. ' ' 'Throe years ago, this young man, whoso name is not Riuhards,' began Captain Danton, ' ran away from homo, and began life on his own account. Ho had beou a wilful, head strong, passionate boy always, but yot- loving and gonorbus. 'Ho fled from hiB friends, in a miserable hour of passion, and novor returned to them any moro ; for tho sick, sinful, broken-down; wrotohod man who returned waB as difforbnt from' tho hot-headed, im petuous, happy boy, as tho day differs from night. 'Ho fled from home, and wont to Now York. He was, as I am, a sailor; ho had , command of a vessel at the ago of ninoteen; but ho gave up tho sea, and onrnod a livoli hood in that city for some months by paint ing and selling wator- oolour skotohes, at which ho was romarkably clovor, Gradually his downward course began. Tho wino-bottlo, tho gaming-tablo, woro the first milestones on tho road to ruin. Tho gambling-holls became, at length, his continual haunt. 0 no day ho was worth thousands ; tho noxt ho did - not possess a stiver. Tho excitement grow on him. He bocamo, boforo tho end of the year, a oonfirmod and notorious gamblor. ' ' Ono night the crisis in his lifo came. Ho was at a Bowery theatro, to boo a Christmas pantomime It was a fairy spootaolo, and. the stago was crowded with ballot-girls. -Thoro was ono among them, the loveliest oroaturo, it seemed to him, ho had over seen, with ?whom, in ono mad momontj ho foil passion utoly in love. .'.-?'... \ ' Afriorid of his, by nnmo Furni«s, lau'ghod at his raptures. 'Don't yon know her, Harry ?' said ? ho ; ' sbo boards in tho sama liouso with you. Sho is a littlo grisqttb,. a littlo shop-girl, only hived to' look pretty, standing there, whilo; this fairj pantomimo v lasts. , You have soon hor fifty times.' ' Yes, ho had Beon hor ropoatodly; ' Ho Tomomborod ;it whon his friond spoko, and ho ' had nevor thought of hor until now, Tho now infatuation took possoBsion of him,, body and soul. Ho mado hor acquaintance noxt rnorn . ing, and found out sho was, as his friond had said, a shop-girl. What did ho oaro ; it sho had boon a rag- piokor, it would have beou all ono to this young madmnn, In a fortnight ho proposed j in a month tlioy wore married, and tho third stop on tho road to ruin was takon., .., 'Had Hho boon a good woman — an oarnost and faithful wifo — sho might havo , mado a now man of him, for ho loved hor with a paBsionato dovotion that was part of hiB'hot hoadud nature. But' sho was bad — aH dopravod oh sho was fair — and brought his downward courso to a tragical olimnx fright : fully soon* ' ? '. 'Boforo hor marriago, this wrotohod girl hail had iv lovor— disoardod for a moro hand some and impotuous wooor. But sin had known him longost, and, perhaps, 'lovod-- him ?'bout.; ...??.;? At all ovonts, ho, rosumod his visits after marriago, as if nothing had happouod. Tho' young husband, full of lovo and oon ; Monco, suspoated no wroug, Ho sanctioned w'fli]ivi?A*a,-, ni1^ WftB on most friondly tormB ii wont 'on7aK«,95 m^°^ ^or HOIT-o months ~ -'Inrlmnd and infamous intimacy, aud tho wronged Jiusuana saw nblhing. It was Furniss who first opened hia eyes to tho truth;- and a torriblo scone ensued. The husband rofused passionately to btelievo a word against tho truth and purity of tho wifo he loved, and called his friond a liar and a slanderer. « « Very well,' said Furniss, coolly, ' bluster as much as you pleaso, dear boy, and, when you are tirod, go homo. It is an hour oarlior than you generally return. Ho will hardly havo left. If you find your pretty littlo idol alone, and at her prayers, disbelieve me. If you find Mr. Crosby onjoying a tete-a-tete Avith hor, then corno back and apologizo for these hard names.' 'Ho went off whistling and tho half maddened husband sprang into a streot car and rode homo. It was past ten, but ho was gonorally at tho gambliug-tablo each night until after ono, and his wifo had usually retired ore his return. Ho wont ;np stairs softly, taking off his boots, and noiselessly opened tho door. There sat his, wife, and by her side, talking earnostly, tho discarded lover. Ho caught his last words as he entorod : . . ,. '....'.. [' ' You. know how I have lovod you—you know how I do lovb you, (i thonsand times bettor than ho! Why should wo not fly at once. It is only torture to both to remain longer,' '. ' They wore tho last words the unfortunate man evor uttered. Tho gambler had beou drinking — let us hope tho liquor and tho jealous fury mado him for tho time mad. Thero vas tho flash, tho roport of a pistol; Oi'osby, his guilty wife's lover, uttered a wild yell, Bprang up in tho air,' and fell back, Bhot througln the heart.' . ?- There was another dead pause. Captain Danton's steady voice momentarily failed, and Reginald Stanford sat in horrified silence. ' What cam'o next,' continued the captain, hiB voico tremulous, ' the madman never knew. Ho had a vague remembrance of his wifo's screams filliug tho room with pooplo ; of his finding himself out Bomewhero under tho. stars, and his brain and heart on fire. He has a dim remembrance of buying a wig and whiskers, and a suit of sailor'B clothes noxt day,' and of wrindoring down among r, tho docks in soarch of a ship, By ono of thoso mysterious dispensations of Providence that happen every day, tho first porsou ho encoun tered on the dock was myself. I did not know him-^-how could I in th*vt disguise— but he know mo instantly, and spoke.. I, recognised kis voice, and took him on board my ship, and listened to the story I have just told you. With mo he was safe. Detectives were scouring tho city for. tho murderer; ? but I sailed for England next day, and . he was beyond their reach. On tho pausage ho bi'oko down ; all the wcekB we were crossing tho Atlantic hp lay wandering and dolirious in' a raging brain fever. Wo all thought, doctor and all, .that ho nover - would reach the ? other sido ; but lifo won tho hard victory, and' he slowly grew. bettor. Kate returned, as you know, with mo.,; She, too, heard the- tragical story, and had nothing but pity and prayer for the tempest- tossod soul.. ' When wo renohod Canada ho was. still weak and ill. I brought' him hero under an assumod immo, and ho remains shut up .' in his rooms all'day, and only ventures' out at' night to breathe, the fresh air. HiB mind has1 novor recovered its tone sinco that brain fovor, Ho has become a nionoraaniao on one subjoct, tho dread of being, discovered and' hanged for murder. Nothing will tempt him from liis solitude — nothing can induce him to ven ture out, except at midnight,, whon all are asleep. Ho is the ghost who frightened Margory and' Agnes Dai-ling ; he is the man you saw witn ivuto laBt nignt in tno grounds. Ho olings to hor as ho olings to no one olso, Tho only comfort lef t! him1' iri; this1 lower world aro those nightly walks with hor.. Sho is tho bravest, tho bost, tho noblest of girls ; sho leaves hor warm room,' her bod, for those cold night walks with' that unhnppy and1 suffering man,' ' ? . ' ' ' . ? ? ' ? Once again ti pause. Reginald Stanford lookod at Captain Danton's pale, .agitated' face. '??' ? '?? '? You havo told mo a torriblo story,' ho' said. ' I can hai-dly blamo thiB man for what ho has done ; but what claim has ho' on. you that' you should fcbl for him and screen him aB you do ? Wfhat claim has ho on my futuro wifo that sho should tako those nightly walks with him unknown to mo ?' ' The strongest claim that man can have,' was tho anBwor } ' ho ia my son— ho it Kate's only brother.' ?'?,.-... ' My God! Oaptaiu Danton, what aro - you saying?' , ' The, trutli,' Captain Danton answprod, in a broken , vbico. : 'Hoavon holp me- -- Hoaven pity him ! Tho Avrotchod man whoso story you havo heard — who dwolls a captiyo undor this roof — ia my only son Honry Danton,'' '' He oovorod his fade with his hands. Reginald Stanford sat' confounded. r , ? ' I uovor dreamed of this,'. he said, aghast. ' I thought your uon was dead?' . , ? .'They all thiuk.so,' said tho oaptain, without looking up ; ' but 'you know tho trUth,. Somo day, boforo long, you shall visit him, whon I have proparod him' iov your coming. You now undorstand all you' lieani and saw P' '? ; ,; , , : ?. ?_ ' My doar sir,'1, oxolaimod Stanford, grasp ing tlio older man's hand, ' forgive moj, No matter, what I saw, I must havo .boon mad to' doubt ICato, Your soorot ib as safo, with mo as. with yoursdf. I shall leayo you now;. I must boo Kate,' . ...... ? Yes, poor child. '.Lovo her and trust,, her with your wholo hearli,, Reginald, for Bho is worthy,' Reginald Stanford wont out, still bowilderod by all ho had hoard and returned to tho draw ing-room. Kate sat as ho had loft hoiy look ing droamily out at tho bright sky. ' ' , :' !' My dearest,' ho said,1 bonding over her, and touching tho white brow ;' ' 'can you over forgivo mo for doubting you P : You hro the truest tho best, tho bravost of women,' Sho lifted hor loving oyos, fillqd with tears to the handsome l'aoo of hor botrothbd. , '-'. ?;' 'To those I love I hopo I am— andraoro. Boforo I grow fals'o or troochorpus, I pray Hoavon that I may dio,' ? ?' 0HAPTJ3R' XII. 'l'w, KUVKK STAY HI3UH, AND HI013 ltlM. MAlliiT ?' katmI' . ?'? ?'?'. A Bpriug-liko aftornoou, Tho March siin bright iii tho Canadian sky, tho wind soft and genial, and a silvery mist hanging ovor. the river nnd marshes. Littlo floods from tho fnsfc molting bhow poured throtigh'tho ground j tho. ioo-frozon fish-pond wjib thawing out under the molting induonco oC tho BVinshino, and rubber shoos and tuokod-up Hkirts woro indosponHablo outdoor iiuooHBurios. Roso Dauton, with rubber suogb, ana tucked-up skirts, was trying to kill tinio this pleasant aftornoon, Hauntering aimlessly through tho wet grounds. Vory pretty and coquettish sho looked, with that crimson pet ticoat showing under her dark silk dress ; that jockey-hat and featheij set. jauutily on her sunshiny curls ; but her prottiuoss_was only vanity and vexation of spirit to Rose, Whero was tho good of pink-tinted cheoks, soft hazol eyes, auburn curls, and a trim littlo foot and ankle, whon thero was no liv ing thing near to seo and admire ? What was tho use of dressing beautifully and looking charming for a pack of insousiblo mortals, to whom it was an old story and not worth thinking about ? Tho suuny March day_ had no reflection in Rose's faco : ' sulky' is tho only word that will toll you how sho lookod. Poor Rose ! It was rnthor hard ' to bo hope lossly in lovo, to be getting worse ovory day, and find it all of no uso. It was a littlo too bad to havo everything she wanted for. eighteen years, and then bo deuiod the fascinating young officer, on whom sho had sot her whole heart. For Mr. Stanford was lost again. Juet as bIio thought she had hor bird snarod for certain— lo! it spread its dazzling winds, and soared up' iii' tho clouds, a'nd farther but of roach than ovor. In plain English, ho had gone back to tho old love and was off with the new, just when sho folt most suro of him, A wholo week had passed sinco that night' in tho tamarack walk, that night when ho had seemed so tender and lover-like, tho matchless deceiver ! And ho had ; hardly npoken half a dozen words to her. He was back at the footstool of hia first sovereign, ho was tho most dovotod of engaged men ; Kate was queen of the hour, Rose was nowhere. It was trying, it was cruel, it was shameful. Roso cried, and scolded in tho seolusion of her maiden bower and hated Mr. Stanford, or said she did ; and could havo, seen her beauti ful older sister in hor winding-shoot with all tho pleasuro in life. . '.??-,., . So, this sunny afternoon, Roso wis wander ing listlessly hither and thither, thinking, the ice would soon break upon the fishpond i£ tho weather lasted, and smoido would, bo the easiest thing in the world. . She walked dis mally round and round it, and wondered what Mr, Stanford would say, aud how he .would feel whon some day, in the cold, sad twilight, they, would. carry her, white, and lifolbsai arid dripping, boforo him — one moro 'unfortunate goiio to ? hor death ! She could boo' herself — robed in white, hor .face whiter than her. dress, her pretty auburu curls oil wot and streamingaround her — carried into ,tho deso lato house.. Sho could see Reginald Stanford recoil, turn , deadly pale,- his whole futuro happiness blasted at tho sight. She pictuipd him in his horrible remorse giving up Kate, and' becoming a wandoror and a b'rokonr hearted man all the rest of his' lifo. ' Thoro was- a: dismal dolight, in those musings; and Roso- wont round and round tho fishpond,' revelling, so to speak, in them, , , , --.- ' As hor watch pointed to. throe, onb of' the stable-helpers' cdmb round' 'from1 tlio- ^tables leading two horsos. Sho knew !thbm— one was Mr. Stanford's, the olihor Kato's. A moment later, and Mr. Stanford .'and Kate appeared oh the front stops, '. 'booted , and spurred,' and ready for thoir ride.' Tho Englishman holpod his lady into tho saddle, adjusted her .long skirfc, and sprang lightly aoross his own stood. .Rose would havo given a good doal to bb miles away ; but tho fish pond must be passed and sho, tho '' malidon forlorn,' must bo soen. Kato gaily touched hor plumed hat; Ktit&'s cavalier bent to his saddle-bow, and then- they were gono out of Bight among tho budding treos. ',''-.' .. 'Heartless, oold-bloodod flirt!', .thought the sooond Miss Danton, apostrophizing tho handsomost of his sex. 'I hope his horse may. run away with him and break ' his neok 1' ???? ?..!.-. ' .?? ' . ' ..'?,..-.?'-:?; :' ?'?-.? But Roso did not mean this, and tho ready tears wo'ro'in ''.'her 'eyes' the next .instant '.with pity for hersolf. ';; .?'?. ; ''' j ?? ???: - (To ia continued.^ ?./'.,,' - ?;???? 