T?EE FARMERS AND FEDER ATION.. VP A public meeting, under the auspices of the Nathalie Agricultural Society, was held in that town on Frida}' night last, for the purpose of considering the ques tion of federation from the point of view of the farmers and pastoralists. Mr II‘Lean, M.L.A., was present by special invitation to address the gathering, and with him on the platform sat Mr Graham, member for the district. There was a good attendance, and Mr 3. Ball, presi dent of the oociety, presided. In the course of his speech, Mr M'Lean said that it was impossible to aay what Victoria’s contribution to the ..Federal Government would be. The last Melbourne Exhibition showed how impos sible it was to make a reasonably fair estimate. However, they would have to find £100,000 for the Federal Govern ment somewhere, and it was not easy to ■ say where this money was to come from. The Victorian delegates to the Federal Convention had no sympathy for or! '-knowledge of the rural industries. (A ! voice: What about Dr Quick ?) Well,! he did not think that Dr Quick could lay claim to a particular knowledge of j the rural industries. (A voice : What! about Peacock ?) Well, Mr Peacock was a mining expert. Eight of the delegates were in favor of a land tar with •which to meet the federal expenditure, bo that the farmers would see the rural ..districts would have to bear the burden. The consequences to the rural industries of abolishing the border duties could not fee too seriously regarded. They must also bear in mind that under federation Victoria could not spend a penny in de veloping an export trade. What under | federation would have beoome of the : dairy produce industry? This was aj most serious matter. Polling the colony I as one electorate was another serious j blot on the bill. Since the imposition of the stoek tar we were killing 52,000 .more head of Victorian-grown cattle yearly than previously. On this subject he had been sadly misunderstood by his critics. (A voice: The stock tax suits your interests.) That showed his friend's ignorance—(Cheers)—for he had been j denounced time after time by the people of his own pursuit as a traitor to the in- j Merest he represented. r.. The stock tax had given new life to the small farmers, while the largo graziers were opposed to it because it did not suit them. Lot the farmers consider this question of fedeiation seriously before recording their votes. The farmers would have to make the sacrifice and bear the burden, while at the same time they would not havo a proper representation in the Federal Parliament. The merchants and manufacturers of the city would have the benefit and the voting power. He was not opposed to federation, but only to the unjust method of bringing it about. The farmers should insist on amendments in the proposed constitution, for once the constitution was adopted they could not hope to amend it. Now was the time for the farmers to stand shoulder to shoulder in the interests of each other, and in the interests of successive generations of Victoriau fnrmcre yet unborn. (Cheers.) With our markets open we could not compete with the other colonies. In "Victoria there were 47 acres for every man, woman and child, and in the other colonies 852 acres each. Victoria had for each individual I-L head of: cattle ; the other colonies 4-.v head. Victoria had 11 sheep to each individual; the other colonies 34* sheep. The average price or fat stock in the Melbourne and Sydney markets for Lo successive weeks in May, June and July last, before the high prices act in, was In Sydney, £6 5s ; m Melbourne, £8 13s ; for cows in Syd ney, £3 10j lOd, and for the same class of »tock in Melbourne, £5 12s. Wethers fiolo. in Sydney for 8s Id, iu Melbourne for 12* Id ; ewes in Svdney sold for 6s fid, and iu Melbourne for I Os 2d. After the abolition of the corn laws in England the number of people engaged in agricul tural industry was reduced by 1,400,000, and the annual quantity of agricultural produce was reduced by £22,600,000. 1 Mr Graham, M.L.A, heartily endorsed all that Mr M-Lean had said about the effect of wiping out the border duties. It would mean that millions of acres of new lands would be brought into competition with Victorian land. Ho appealed to the farmers to think federation out seriously for thomselrcB before committing them flelves for all time. Let them protest Vigorously againet tho system of polling the colony as one electorate, for under it the farmers could not hope to get a re presentative into the Federal Parliament, | Queensland eattleraiserB were not paving as much for their fattening land as Vic torian farmers were paying in rates and taxes. He was not opposed to federation, but the farmers should be let down tnora lightly. Let them vote with their eyes Open, (Cheers.) The Johannesburg “ Star ” writes under the heading, “ Coolgardie on. the Y/ane" :— “ Ten mouths ago (says the Coolgardie lie view ”) a party might have searched (Coolgardie from end to end to obtain a vacant office or shop, even in the outskirts. How there are plenty of shops and any quantity of offices. If things continue for the next. six months as they have been going during the last six, we shall have the Mayor advertising in the eastern papers something after this fashion — ‘ Any person fond of curiosities can rent the town of Coolgardie cheap It is beautifully situated for a federal cemetery.’ " Ou being interviewed recently, Mr J. M. Pratt, M.L.C., who is touring tho Sea Lake parts oE the mallee, expressed his very deep regret at the general outlook for the coming harvest. One bushel to the acre has been sat down by good authorities as being the highest possible average for over (10,000 acres wheat crop. An object possessing apparently the ckar jf,cter of a ghost has been lately causing some consternation at Bungeet—at least so^ a cor respondent informs the BeualLa •’ Ensign.” It was first seen by Mr D. Conway whilst on his way home several nights ago. It emanated from beneath a bridge in the. vicinity of Hash’s Store and presented the appearance of being alight in two places. Mr Cor.way, who speaks with much earnestness about the matter, says that when lie saw the object he was s '. tetri fieri that he dug his spurs into his horse—he was Titlin'' at the time—and rode home as fast as the animal carrying him ceuid go. Notwith standing so, the object referred to followed him for at least a mile. Mr Conway fainted in his room on his arrival home. The same thing was also seen by a resident of lhooua. 