THE pulpit and the press are two great moral levers, exercising a governing influence upon the social condition, the habits, modes of thought, laws and in- stitutions of the community. Parlia ment, ostensibly the Highest Court of the Realm, is often the docile creature of the one; the household is pretty much controlled by the other, while the masses, looking up to both as their natural guardians, tacitly confer upon them distinct and separate func tions which they discharge quam diu se bene gesserit. As factors in the service of the public the pulpit and the press, generally speaking, seldom come into conflict. Both are conscious that their utility depends upon upholding the dignity and honor of their office whose tenure is during good behavior. If they should quarrel, even in individual instances, good Bense dictates the avoidance of ja scandal. It is felt that their missions, although differing in certain essentials, are yet alike in seeking the well-being and the moral and material ameliora tion of the people. The actions of both in all respects are carefully scrutinised, and the verdict of those who constitute the ultimate court of appellate juris diction is seldom wrong. Asa matter of fact, however, the pulpit sees in the j press a valuable ally, and the press returns the compliment, convinced that thereby their common objects can best be accomplished. Strange, even shocking, as it may seem, there are people who regard the discovery of printing as the greatest curse that .ever afflicted mankind. True, it served to multiply our sources of happiness and enjoyment, but it has, it is alleged, withdrawn men’s mind3 from those influences which directly affect their sal vation; it accentuates and gives an increased scope and variety for human wickedness, and the general average of crime, poverty, and suffering is very little if at all assuaged by the spread of education. Those who so hold will be prepared to urge of course that the pulpit—that is, the recognised orthodox leaders of the j religious world—.are sufficient for every purpose of keeping men vir tuous and moral, guarding them in life, and giving them finally that con solation. and strength which enables them to face what Thnntson calls the “Shadow, feared by mau.” It is only the most antiquated fossil that takes such a view of the ques tion. The church has undoubtedly done good service in bridging over that dreadful chasm, the dark ages, extend ing from the extinction of the Roman Empire to the revival of learning j about the middle of the 15th century. | It held aloft the lamp of faith, which ; had superceded the old-time idolatrous worship, and preserved many of the literary treasuros of the ancients whose value is inestimable, and which have had such a powerful influence upon modern civilisation. With the advent ! of printing the church—or, as we say, the pulpit—relinquished what might be called the universal domination I of the human mind, and slowly and | reluctantly gave way to the press, whose tremendous, though latent, powers its enemies were not slow to recognise. For centuries the press, in common with the great martyrs to science, to truth, freedom of thought, and the liberties of the people, had to wage a fierce and sanguinary war with ecclesiasticism, but its reforming ten dencies gave anew, a higher life, and a more transcendant realisation of the purpose of the Creator, and of all that concerned His creatures. As the press advanced, the people kept pace with its progress. Every day saw greater privileges, though be grudgingly enough yielded, to the former, and corresponding rights con ferred upon the latter, until their in terests became identical. The liberty of the press is the noblest prize cherished by a free people—free in the fullest sense; free from the tyranny, the arrogance, and wrong-doing of those in high places. There are said to be black sheep in every flock. No one will pretend that the press is immaculate any more than the pulpit. Human frailty is sometimes manifested in both. A newspaper may abuse its power; a clergyman may turn his pulpit into a tub, in which he may sit Diogenes like and gird at some recalcitrant sinner who has, like Mordecai in the gate, treated Haman with sup posed discourtesy.' When representa tives of the two great institutions to which we refer act so, the quamdiu principle applies; and the public are not slow to exercise their prerogative. Apart, however, from these sporadic declensions, the heart of both press and pulpit beat 9 in unison in all that relates to the well-being of the public. They act and react upon each other. They may differ in minor details, and from the nature of things it is desir able that they should so. Without friction there would be no animation, no play of the inner man. Without the soul of contradiction society itself would become, a mere corpse. A s the fire is struck from the flint by forcible contact with the steel, so does the conflict of opinion produce some of the most valuable qualities of the mind. What would our Parliament become without Her Majesty’s Opposi tion, even though it is somewhat'of a ragged regiment just at present. It was during the existence of the Coalition Governments that extended from 1884 to 1893—when the Argus and Age vied each morning in their praises of the Ministry, and crushed every political caviller—that all the alleged jobbery, lobbying, and corrup tion was perpetrated. In the absence of healthy differences of opinion we should all die of inanity. So that when the press and the pulpit come to loggerheads be assured that the result must be advantageous to the public even though the casus belli might be even of less moment Than the difference thoro may be 'Twixt tweeila dutn and tweodle dee. The Ballarat Doff and Poultry Saoiaty’a exhibition of dogs, poultry, pigeons, cate, oanariee, and cage birdß to be held to-day ami tomorrow at the Exhibition Building, promisee to bo the most successful show of its kind ever held in Ballarat bo'h as regards the number and the quality of the exhibits. Nearly all the principal breeders and exhibi tors in Victoria have contributed to the collection, which will include the most oelebratad winners of the season. Irish terriers, fox terriers, setters, greyhounde, and sheep dogs will bo particularly well represented. The celebrated St. Bernard, Capstan, will be on view. Avery interesting feature of the show will be the trial of sheep dogs, for which entries will be received up to Friday evening, as the event will not take place until 3 o’clock on Saturday. The ex hibits of poultry and pigeons will probably be the best ever eeen in Ballarat. Several of the most successful yards will he represented, and the selection of the bust bird* is likely to prove a difficult task for the judges. The sbow will be open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.ra. each day, and the oharge for admission will be Is. To-day iR Guy. Fawkes’ D ty. Mr J. Scobie’s Eallara won the Spring Handicap at Flemington yesterday; amnngßt those who finished behind him being The Grafter (who ran second in the Melbourne Cup). Partbenopasue, The Chevalier, and other speedy horses. As was anticipated, the prin cipal event of the day—the Oiks—was won by Mr W. R. WilsonV Eleusive, from a field con sisting of only three starters. Anrum par tially avenged his defeat by Amberite in the Derby by winning the Flying S'ake3, E»y being Becond, and the Derby winner third. The finish was, however, remarkably close. The Veteran Stakes resulted in a dead heat between Poaitano and Bundook (* Carbine colt), and the S“nond Nursery Handicap was also divided by Little Widow and Novioe, so that altogether the racing was the bast and most excising witnessed at Flemington for many years. Under the new Minos Bill there is a clause permitting mining under private property in cities and towns below a depth of 400 feet. One lease has already beon applied for in the .city under the Act, and as others may pro bably follow the City Councillors will be asked to take the matter into consideration. There is no' desire whatever on the part of any of the councillors to place the slightest hindrance in the way of legitimate mining, but some of the members of the City Council think they Bhould consider how the property of the ratepayers is likely to be aff-c'ed. On the Plateau th-re_ is very little danger of sub sidence, providing mining is not allowed nearer the snrface than 400 feet, but in some plaass the ground is rotten, and it is thought there might be a danger to property if it .were allowed. Mr Stoddart’s English Eleven willonmmonos a inatob against a Victorian eleven on the Mel bourne Cricket Club’s ground on S tturday. The following team has been selected to represent Victoria in the match:—W. Bruce. J. F. Giller, H. Graham. J. Harry, A. E. Johns, S. M’Miohael, G. M’Liod. W. Roche, H. TroM, R. Trumble, and J Worrall. Should either M’Leod, Trumble, Giller, or Roche be unable to play, McClelland will take his place. Should Johns, wicketkeeper, be uuable to play, Hastings will take his place. In case of any other retirement. Mitchell will go in. The match between Mr Stnddart’s last eleven and Victoria was won by the English team by 704 runs to 559. the visitors scoring 416 and 283, and the Victorians 306 and 253. As yet the metropolitan cricketers have not had much . practice in important club matches, and some of the eleven have been ohosen rather by repute than by reason of recent perform ances. Representatives from tlie various branches of the Amalgamated Enginedrivers’ Associa tion will meet for their annual conference in Ballarat on Thursday, the 2nd of December. It ia expected that there will be an attendance of more than 20, aud the chief business at preeeot on the notice paper ia the revision of the rulea. The Mayor of the City (Or | Shoppee) will officially reeeive the delegates, 1 and baa granted them the use of a room in the 1 City Hall for the conference. It was at first intended to hold the sittings at the Trades’ Hall, hat the association has invariably hold its conferences at tbs town halls of other cities and towns where it has met, and the local branch agreed not to depart from the custom npon this ocoasion. Mr M’Callnm, who has the arrangements in band, is malting pro vision ■_ for the., entertainment of the repre sentatives, who will be driven to the gardens and shown the varions sights of the district. The estimates for the onrrent year were considered by the City Cnuocil last night! in committee of the whole, and it waa haif-an-hnnr after midnight before the councillors concluded their labors. A large portion of the time was occupied in discuss ing the new sanitary rate, but without any alteration being determined npon. As re gards the general estimates whioh were published in The Star on Monday last, it was decided to devote £530 from the general revenne to finishing the trank at the City Oval, in addition to the £570 provided for part purchase of the ground and interest. The estimated receipts from rates were increased by £O5O. It was resolved to devote £132 to the erection and maintenance of three addi tional atrest lamps, one each to bn erected in the three wards. The sum of £136 was sat apart for improvements to the oaretaker’a residence at the City Fire Brigade station. Tho amounts provided for rn-h- cutting and maintenance at Lake Wsndouree wore eaoli reduced by £lOO, and now stand at Rush-cutting, £200; mainten ance, £2OO. It was decided to expend £5O upon fitting the asaombiy-room at the City Hall with Welsbaoh burners and painting a dado around the hall. The sum of £5 5s was voted towards the prize fnnds of the South street Debating Society’s competition. The donation to the Fine Art Gallery was fixed at £3O, instead of £5O as originally proposed. The Union Foundry, which for some time past has been worked under the on-operative system, will be pot np for sato by auction on Friday next, the 12'h inst. It is stated that Mr Thompson, the well-known ironfonnder of Castlemaine, contemplates purchasing the property, and opening a branch of hie busi ness in Ballarat. Ho definite information has, however, been reoeived. Complaints have been made from time to time in certain quarters that the police are not .sufficiently active in patting down the totalizators. So far as Ballarat is concerned, however, the police claim to have done their duty, even though it iB quite possible that one or mors totalisacors have been run in connec tion with the present raciDg carnival. But it is urged that if the practice is to be pat a stop to the police ought to receive assistance from the magistrates. Some time since, it is pointed out, the proprietor of a totalisator was arrested in the City. Tho case against him was clearly proved, and the bonoh imposed the minimum'penalty of £2O. At the same time the magistrates announced that they thought the fine was somewhat heavy, and advised a petition for its redaction. The request was dnly forwarded to tho Governor in Council, who granted it, and the fine waa reduced to £lO. All this took time, daring whioh the polios had possession of the books, the result being that the proprietor of the totalisator could not' pay over the money to winners. When he was arrested a sum of money was found in his possession, and the law stipulates that in such cases the cash must be confiscated. In this case the money was returned, so that the law-breaker, after paying hie fine, had still enough left with which to pay the oosts. Presumably, also, he had drawn his commission, so that he was, if not an actual gainer by the transaction financially, at least not a loser. The marriage of Mr W. C. Little, eldest son of Mr W. Little, J.P., with Miss Bessie Crocker, second daughter of Mr Geo. Crocker, will be celebrated at Sc. Peter’s Church at half-past 2 o’clock this afternoon. The monthly meeting of the City Board of Advice was held at the City Hall last night. Present —Mr H. Lome (in the ohair), and Messrs Conlthard, Mitchell, G. Tattoo, and Fleay (correspondent). The monthly return of attendances at the various schools was pre sented aR follows:—Central eohool —No. on roll, 1191; average attendance—boys, 358; girls, 337; total, G 95. Pleasant street and Alfrsdton schools—No. on roll, 595; average attendance —beys, 186; girls, 174; total, 360. Wendonree school—No. on roll, 171; average attendance—boys, 60: girls, 64; total, 124. Macartbur street and Blact Hill schools. —N<>. on roll, 1363; average attendance—boys, 453; girls, 402; total, 855. Hrquhart street school. —No. on roll,. 1378; average attendance — boys, 471; girls, 406; total, 877. Amongst the correspondence were letters from the Chrie. tian Help Band, asking for the nso of a room at the Maoarthnr street Bchool on Thursday evening next, for a lecture in aid of the band fnnds; also from Mr W. Elliker, of Wen dourae, asking for tho nae of the school at that place for the purpose of holding a concert on the 11th November in aid of St. Matthow’s Chnrcb. The request of the lnttor waa granted, and the former was referred to tbs chairman and correspondent for enquiry, with power to act. It was rosolved to write to the department, asking for farther information concerning what had been done with reference to the oomplaiot against the head toaoher of the Pleasant street State eohool. Tho chair man, in supporting the motion, remarked that in this matter the department had treated the board with contempt. Lord and Lady Bra9sey have intimated their intention of being presont npon the second 'day of the Bdlarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s Spring Show, to be hold on the 18th and 19th inst. Acting npon instructions from the president (Mr G. G. Morton), the e-cretary (Mr J. J. Kelsall) recently wrote inviting the Governor and Lady Brassoy to be pre-cut, and n telegram was received yester day from Lord Richard Neville, stating that the invitation had been accepted. Thomas Hart, a miner, 22 years of age, residing at Radan, appeared at the City Coarc yesterday charged with having used obscone language in Sebastopol on Sunday, 3lit nit., and with having assaulted the polios. The accused pleaded guilty. Constable O’Connor deposed that on Sunday afternoon he saw the accused and another young man come oat of the Gaiding Star hotel and ataud on tho toot path. They seemed to be under the influence of drink. Ho told them to move on, bnt they refused, and tho aconsed made use of obscene langa-ige. The aoensed had incurred five pre vious conviations for similar off-tneea. With re gard to the'second charge of assault, Constable O’Connor stated that when he threatened to aatnmon accused for using obscene language the accused got on a tremor with two com panions. Witness also got on tho tram, and the accusod then tried to jump off, bnt witness stopped him, whereupon be struck witness on the face three or four times. On the first charge the bench imposed a fine of £2, in default 14 days’ imprisonment, and on the seoond charge one week’s imprisonment) with the last three days in solitary confine ment. The Town Conncill will meet this after noon. Tattersall’s sweeps this year have renre aented an investment of £150.000—50,000 in £1 subscriptions, and 100,000 at 5s each. Of the priz j 8 for placed horses six went to New Snath Wales, three to Victoria, two to Queensland, one to West Australia, and one to Tasmania. The following are the drawers of placed horses;—No. 1, of 100,000. at £l, closed with 50,000 subscribers (drawn pro rata ) —First, G. H. Martin, Lawrence, Otago, N Z., £13.500; second, H. W. L'tnbrick, Kaikora, N.Z, £4500: third, Turner and M’Donald, Sydney, £2250. No. 1, of 100,000, at os, fully enbsorib-d—First, R. O’Rourke, Snath Brisbane, £6750; aecnn-d, J. W. Su'tou, Cotiham Lake, via Wilcannia, £2250; third. Jang Yam, Walgett, N.S.W., £1125. No. 2, of 100,000, at os, folly subscribed— First, R. H. Stanthorpe, Sheep Hills, Victoria, £6750; -acond, O. Dsrbois, Mackey, Queens land, £22oU: third, E. G. Sadliar, Alhnry Brewery, Albnry, £1125. No. 3, of 100,000, at ss, fully subscribed—First, S. Jones, North Fremantle. £6750; second, E. L. Olholm, Chiltorn Valley, £2250; third, J. Nicolay, Richmond, Victoria, £1125. No. 4, of 100,000, at ss, fully subscribed—First. Dwyer and Cos., Queenstown, Tasmania, £6750; second, J. Auld, Leichardt, N.S.W . £2250; third, Mrs J. B. Hurley, Leiohardt, N.S.W., £1125. The polico intend to adopt very stringent mea-nres in reference to the discharging of firownrks to-day in connection with the obser vance of the sth of November. Owing to the occurrence of late of a number of narrow e-capse from accidents, dne to the explosion of fireworks in the public streets, all persons offending in this particular will be proceeded Hgainst. Few meetings of the City Board of Advice have passed of lito without gome nncnmplia mantary references to the head teacher of the Macarthnr etroet and Black Hill State schools, and last night’s was no offence to the rule. The crime alleged againet that gentleman on this occasion was that of having neglected to notify the board of the fact that the Black Hill school would be required as a polling booth on tile day of the general elections, “ in accordance with tho regulations in snob case made and provided.” The correspondent was tho complainant, and ho askod severely whether the board was to allow itself to be flouted by one man. Mr Coulthard explained that ho had seen the head tocher referred to, who informed him that he had written to the Department for instructions. The Blank Hill school Was part and parcel of the M*carthur street Vbhool since they had been anrdgamated, and he re* warded the ocoasion in question as a day off for part of his sohool. No discourtesy whatever was inteoded to the boards Mr Mitchell moved, and Mr Conlthard seconded, 11 That the bead teacher be written to for an explana* tion. The correspondent moved, a* an amendment, “That.the department be written to, asking why the head teacher had not com* plied with the regulations.* This was seconded by Mr Tnfcton, and caried on the oaeting vote of the chairman. After the meet, ing Mr Mitchell informed our reporter that on the evening of the previous meeting of the board the head teacher had called at hie resi dence with a note to the secretary, informing him that the Black Hill sobool would be required for eleation purposes.' -Unfortunately he was ont at the time, bat on’ hie return he hurried down to the meeting, only to find that his colleagues had left, ’ About a month ago the attention of the City Mayor (Cr Sboppee) was directed to the un safe condition of the old mill at the corner of Mill street and Wendouree parade, and as a result the building was aondomnod. It is iu the hands of one of the banks under mortgage, and yesterday Mr Chas. Walker, under in structions from the mortgagees, submitted the mill and the land upon which it s'auds for sale by auction. The best bid, however, was j!1000, and at that price it was passed in. Unless in the meantime a purchaser is found for the propecty,, the mill itself will be sold fur removal. A matter of interest to teachers was lately submitted to Professor Tucker, of the Mel bourne University, for his decision, that gentlem in being considered an authority second to none in the colony on anything of a philo logical nature. A discussion arose locally regarding the inflexions of noons, a subordi nate teacher being censured by his superior for not teaching that nouns have persons. The following questions were laid before Professor Tucker without comment; —“1. I3 Morell wrong in restricting noun inflexions to number, gender, and case? 2. Can nouns be said to have persons? 3. Can you say that in; ‘I, John Jones, am ill,’ the noon is in the first person ? ’ To these queries the professor gave the following courteous and lucid reply:—“l must own to having ex perienced a slight shock at the suggestion that nouns might have ‘ person’ in certain cir cumstances. As to question 1, it will be time to disease it when a grammarian aan produce a noun inflated in any other respect. S> long as a noun remains a noun, these three flexions remain exhaustive; 2 and 3 go together, and it is evident that the * person’ doe3 not lie in the noun at all, but in the pronoun solely. The sentence means —‘I —who am John Joues —am ill;’ and the noun is not the Bubjeet of the. verb in any senße, but a condensed clause of explanation. You may call it apposition or complement, if you like; but you cannot aay it agrees with the pronoun. The noun will be first .pirson only when, you can say—‘John Jones am ill.’” Soma time-since a prosecution was instituted ngaiust a woman in Melbourne who.it was alleged, obtained a living by means of impos ing upon the credulous by posing as n fortune teller. Of late two or three individuals in Ballarat have announced themselves as' palmists, and, it is alleged, have indulged in fortune-telling. The local police have been on the look-out, and, as a test case, have issued a summons ngaiust “ Professor” Pries, of Sturt streer. rThe Casa will come on for hearing at the City Police Court next week. There is every prospect of the forthcoming performances of "Hamlet,” in aid of the Qneeo’s Statue and Women’s Ward funds, proving a:: thorough success. Shakspoare’a great-tragedy has been under rehearsal for sometime, and is now going very smoothly; and, as some of the bast amateurs iu Ballarat: are included iu the oast, the production should be a satisfactory one. A meeting of the joint committee appointed to carry out the business arrangements was held yesterday, when the, following gentlemen undertook to dispose of tickets : For the Statue committee,' the City’ Mayor, Crs Bell and Heinz, and Mesers J. Glasmn, G. Barker, and D. Cameron; for the Womens’Ward Committee, Cr M‘Kee, . Dr Salmon, and Messrs A. Miller, F. J. Martell, Doepell, and Slater. The arrange ments are now nearly completed, and, in order that the profits may be as substantial as pos sible every' effort is being pat forth to oat down expenses. In the production, Mr Paine, who will appear bs “ the Melancholy Dane,” has had the advantage of the valuable advice and experience of Mr John Robson. That gentleman has not yet, owing to- his recent illness?, been able to attend any of the re-' hearsils, bnt he hopes to do so. Mr Bobson has also consented to take th 9 part of the Ghost at the two performances. Two young 'men named Wm. Hall and Charles Reilly were obarged at the Town Coart yesterday with offensive behavior in Hnmffray street, hear Brown Hill, on the 20th ult. Constable Stewart, of Brown Hill, stated that the accused were miaoondneting them selves, and when he accosted them accused behaved in a very offensive manner. They groaned at the constable, made some inanltiog remarks, and then ran away towards Bussell square. They were members of a gang of larrikins who were beooming a public nuisance in the neighborhood. Mr F. H. Tuthill, for the defence, said that he thought a caution would meet the caeo. The accused were only boys, and possibly members of the beneh iu their younger days had acted very similarly. The bench oould not admit the soft impeach ment, and ordered a fine of 20i each, with the alternative of seven days’ imprisonment. The fine was paid. John Morcom, 16 years of age, a resident of Eureka street, attended at the Hospital yesterday, for treatment of somewhat severe outs on one of his hands, sustained whilst ming : a sickle. The minor injuries were also attendod to, all by Dr Chenhall. The case-of the three neglected children named Thomas, William, and Bertie Tamer, aged respectively nine, seven, and three year?, who were found in » small cottage in Main road on Wednesday’in a pitiable state of des titution, was brought before Messrs Williams (chairman). Long, Phillips, Josephs, and Glenny, J’s.P., at the Town Court yesterday. Particulars of the case appeared in The Star of yesterday.- At the request of Sergeant Boyce, the case waa adjourned, in order to admit of the attendance of the motli«r if possible, the children in the meautime being placed uoder the care of Mrs Deianoy, the official cus todian. The inspection of the City Fire Brigade by the Chief Officer under the Country Brigades’ Board, which should have beau held some weeks ago, is not likely to taka place until eome time next mouth. On the evening set apart for the inspeotioo. it was raining very heavily, and the Chief Officer decided to post pone it. Mr Marshall is now indisposed, and has been granted a month’s leave of absence, so that he will be unable to pay hie visit nntii about the middle of December. The friends of Mrs Windmiller, of Albert street, will regret to hear that she is at pre sent Bomowhat seriously ill. The following notices appear in the last issue of the Police Gazette. —Frederick William Franklin, carpenter, 121 Scott parade, Bal larat E Ist, reports etolen from his workshop, between 'he 21th and 27th ult., a band rip saw, maker Buok, London, branded "F.W.F.” on handle, a few rust spots near end of blade; and a three-quarter bead plane, maker Mosley and Son, London, branded "C. Eiton” and “F.W.F;” value 16s. Thomas M’Mnrray, farmer, Glendaruel, near Clones, reports stolen at Glendaruel, on the 20th inst., a light draught bay or chestnut filly, dark mane, two years old, blaze, not brandod; and a brown buggy mare, aged, white legs, Bhod; value .£23. Daniel Darcey is obarged, on warrant, with dueerting his wife. Catherine Darcey, Darkly street, Ballarat East, at Ballarat East, on the 27th inst. Description—lrish, miner, about 53 years of age, 5 feet 7 inches high, medium build, ruddy complexion, sharp fea tures, long no3o, sandy beard, whiskerß and. moustache taming grey. Ho is supposed to have gone to Melbourne. A mooting of the friends and supporters of Mr W. A-idorson, M.L.A., was hold at the Stag hotel, Learmontb, on Monday night, at which it was unanimously decided to enter tain that gentleman at a complimentary banquet to be held at the Stag hotel, on Thursday, the 11th inst. The mem bers of the Ministry and the Hon. D. Gillies will be invited tn be present on the occasion. The committee will meet at Carver’s hotel at 2 o’clock to-morrow to complete n"oes sary arrangements in connection with the banquet. In the Warden's Coart yesterday, before Mr Johns, an application was made for the can cellation of a residence area formerly held by the late Mr James Chisholm, whose exeentrix and executor, Mrs B. Chisholm and Mr E. C. Wray, appeared as defendants to the applica tion. Mrs Tbiemeyor was the applicant for the cancellation, and was represented by Mr F. H. Tuthill. The anit was a friendly one, concurred in by the defendants. Mrs Thie roeyer, who is the daughter of the deceased Mr Chisholm, had been his tenant for some years prior to bis death, Mr Chisholm had allowed his miner’s right to lapse, and this wason'y reeentiydiscovered. Mrs Thaiineyor I desired the warden to make an order for her | registration as the holder of the land, which was situated in Steinfeld street, Ballarat East. The application was granted, and the registra tion of the applicant ordered. Several visitors from Charters Tow>re, Queensland, and from New South Wales attended at, the School of Mines yesterday, nnd wero shown by the director over the in.sti tn ion, with which they expressed themselves as most favorably impressed. A young married woman named Louisa East was brought before Messrs Johns (chairman), Wliykes, and Colonel Greenfield, J.’sP., at the City Court yesterday on the charges of larceny on the 2nd inst. from the establish ment of Mr B. L. Nicbol, draper, at the corner of Mair and Armstrong atroets; H. Davies and Cos., of Stnrt streel; and Wil liams Bros., boot and shoe importers, of Start street. Mr F. Nicholl, brother of Mr B. L. Nicholl, said that he did not see the aconsod actually take the goods, bat he saw J her walking down the street near his brother’s establishment, and acting on information which he bad received sent a boy after her to stop her. He also went after the accused and gave her in charge to Constable Ross, who hap pened to be passing at ttja time. She was taken to the watobhomo and two hand kerchiefs were found in her possession, which witness, identified as / his brother's pro. PTly. The accused » fpr tha two h.„at °^ 9ra l p, " Symons, batcher, \ P‘7 atated that he was rlj- Wend °nr ea '"lter about 20 minutes past 4 n Su np -pused who wa. P .“ nofe« Nioho l’s ahuD aim ?at and„„, , jacket. Ho watched “hT hi - P ! Z? b article, which «he can M ,i 5 . pic * «P «„ J !t ' When aha saw w?tnn» ‘t, 8 P walked amartr y away 3 H,° kinS «h-r ll ' formed Mr Nicholl of th a U f i„ S Constable Rogerson atated th mat. ConsUble E 033 hana oq th* 9'! to him. She He wont to her house at V* ? a ‘he arti c ! e " nothing that could be idemS' bat Cj charge that of bavin* Th, boots from Messrs Willi 3ra3 o‘ hra9 P'irs dealt with. The boot, w „e S to3 ;.' ! »u th.‘ property of Messrs WiUkm n ,fi ' d »• tt. clothes Constable Rogers'm « . Br ° 9 - Pl,i„' time the accused wa3 arr» 4 t o s at9 i l bat at the pairs of boots (identified) tt ¥‘h .'! a ba ?‘ The third charge Mu pieces of print, two pi»on of I: 810 ? ‘»o of lace, and aome ribbon, from ih at - 1 fes Messrs H. Davies and c! „ "‘J” PremiaeiJ With. Frederick D me«, P 8 V pr ° ! «*d!i identified the articles as hi '? rtbi C firm, tie could see th.t the to bik been an and by the mmner in wi°h wrapped np. The ac-used i tll3 J war, bad bought all the go*i 3 e * torn np the coconut^and io itoij 51 til had been wraoped up i„ had fallen off while ehe w,i, e. ' • ha P>P*-r Sergeant Biggs stated that He a ?" :? with her husband. Sh, had L :a ,'' d lived was totally blind, and anottr hr * h eye. A sum of money hid h» ™ m “n some charitable pe ,ple to enable I'S k ? be placed in tha Blind An-1 09 o,l|l <l ti accused had not received thi ai ”’ bat ‘ln benoh considered the clings ”m l97 ' Th, but dealt leniently With the a co „ /a 5 sake of her Imsband and family a f " r of three week,’ imprison, u , nt ' f 8a » l «c, Many will regret to h.a r th.t t 1 wife of Mr J. C. Kilbur, naotai.? Kllbnr n. larat Bellringers’ Clnb i< i ~- ' °! til9 Bil low state For the lust three w *iVi ri been confined to her be.l V considered so b«r C °u° a « summoned from Sydney. " r 5011 fala taa. The committee of the 8ai1,,,* 0 u- Library mat on Tuesday evening Kw Vt ' were present—Mr Akin (nr J.fJr ■ X “ !r3 I chair), Messrs Scott, Phillin- n’i!\ lhs King, Paady, Twentymin. Dr Champion. Correspondence rA 6 ””’ from tha Chief Secretary's nffi. *l tesa 'fl percentage to be spent on m*Tn'fc>n th 9 salaries. The reading public wi'l h. to know that tha committee havo rii i 1 Welsbach mantles, which have dons dntvli 5 past two years. The new ones aravivinl. satisfaction, and an increase of’livh’ '-g 7 following popular books have b 9 »„ad-J? thn library a stock, “With fcho P a 5 Thessaly,’’ by W.’ Book of Cricket,” by Ranjhsinhji; lis “ b i! usual novels, and tha University of M ~ Trinity College Calendar for ISO? "? aeqnentlytheconncil of the School oi Art and dealt with the usual routine has,"? The report of the art inspector’s annual I'. spection of the students’ work w, 8 w :.‘s ‘ and stated that the work done by th a stud a ntis was creditablo to themselves and to th.i* structors. A_ slight inaccuracy occurred in tbs ad yertisement as to the railway arranvemiots in connection with the Borramb-ot nt M m Tuesday next (Prince of Wales’ Birthday) The ordinary train will leive at 1115 a.m and a special one at noon. On ihe rstn-'a journey they will depart from Burrnmoiat ‘at G p.m. and G 30 p.m. respectively. Professor Newman’s exhibition oE BslUmv’s Ideal City is now on view nightly in Grenviils street. This exhibition is a trinmph oi art and meohanism._ Professor Nitvman has so;, ceeded in_ devising a remarkable exhibition. The city is complete to the sm vilest detail" 'and appears extremely natural and life lit;! The traffic of the streets, road, rail and steamer are all represented, and pedestrian, are moving up and down, while mds ani fern ilo cyolists fly past. The biker on his rounds may be seen walking into premises. Flour is unloaded from a ship with a orane and pieced on a dray which is drawn by a grey hor.se np a hill iron the wharf. Trains laden with goods and pia .gangers pass and ropass in rapid snocsssion. Government House occupies a prominent posi tion, and the sontry is seen pacing in front. Another feature of the show is the way a couple of coal trncke rnn to and from a targe steamer. Each one leaves a supply of coil, wbiob can be Been passing down a shoot. The exhibition ia a wonderful one, and hu thoroughly deserved the.success it his met with. Friday, the 19th inst., will bs proclaimed a public holiday in the Borough of Sebas topol.) that date being the second day of the Spring Show of tbs Agricultural and Pastoral Society. The notice in The Star of Mr Jis. Lon? and Co’s, biscuit and confectionery factory majbs supplemented by mention of the fact that two years ago Mr Long decided to form a limited company, consisting of some of his sons and five or six of his old employds, who had served him for 25 yeat3 or more. Mr E. Smith was appointed manager, and Mr Gregory asata tary, and both have shown marked ability in the perform inoe of their duties. Mr Lon? statue that he feels assured that in the near future the principle of o i-nperatioa and profit sharing will come into general application. At the meeting of the Sebastopol Conceit laet evening the mayor, Cr Hughes, atated that he felt aggrieved that a paragraph wb'ch he had asked tha local representativa of Tic Star to forward to this journal regarding the mayoral dinner had not appeared. Tha mayor mast have been hurried in the perusal of onr columns, as the paragraph, which waa for warded by our looal correspondent, waa duly I published in the next day’s issue. The charge of perjury against Louisa Li-h -brook will bo called on at the City Police Court this morning, bat in -dl probability » | remand wifi be applied for. It is also likely that the case will ultimately bo reminded for bearing at the Town Court, as the aommons [ was issued from the Ballarat Eist o(fic a , »oj tha alleged perjury was in connection with a Casa heard at Ballarat East. The monthly mooting of the City Fire- Brigade will be hold this evening, at tha osusl honr. The re-hearing of a case in which E’Z'Mj- Skilbeck lied obtained a verdict for -3 16s -I and a garnishes on Thomas Skilbscks wages, was granted at tile City Court T e ” 9 ™ 17, The grounds of tha appeal were ‘hst t e npplicant, Thomas Skilbeck, had intended o defend hie ca-o, but h ad mistaken the conn * which it was to be hoard. It was aso sta i that be was an uncercificat->d insolvent, an had assigned bia estate after he contrac e the debt. Mr Lazarus appeared for theap?' l ' o-ant, and Mr M’Gowm for Mrs asilbs:*- Ths re hearing avas fixed for tha 11th ins. The meeting of the Lydiard street Mo ns Improvement Association last evening * 9 * a specially int-resting character, a prngra arranged by Mr A. Millar being given y Mount Pleasant Quartette Party. Alt a. g- Dimspy presided, and there avas * attendance. An apology was receive Mr A. W. Crowe, who has been unable attend the sooiety for a few weeks o ? i indisposition. Tho ohairman announce* the arrangements were complete for t Lai excursion on the Prince of Wa e 9 . • day, avliich has been so larg-dy 1 19 ' . during tha past few years. He the -ntro dnesd the Mount Pleasant party, enthusiastically reoeived. The aoj i° • , ’ quartettes, and choruses ware wo.l ’ and several of tha numbers were oncer •. following took part in the solos. Misses Bartle, Growoo.t, Glib r. Logan, and Messrs Trstl.owan, Vandrey. The accompaniments «« . fully ployed by tha pianist of cra . Pleasant quartette party. Mr A. 80 d tributed a violin solo m an able m wa3 accompanied on the P 1 . 7 ea Edwards. The recitals of ja “Ganevra,” “Queen’s rT , nc , 3 hire school,” and tho recital Isaac ( n yjd dialect), by roqnesf, wero ®“ pb ? pp 0 o th 9 by the audience. A vote of th . motion of Messrs D. J- IP “:.j tnr3 and Humphries, wa3 accorded to the = replied to by Mr j. Trethowan. T P ings wore closed by the smgi e Mr Marshall, chief officer under t'loConntry Fire Brigades’ Board, has for v' ,a ’ s 3 iioni beeo suffering from a painful llln^' ota;J l a lnt results are not anticipated; bn r , 3 cfroin is sufficiently severe to n“cassita a '. ran ted his dntiea. He has accordingly ore .ent a rnorith’s leave of ab°ence, 1 recuperating in New Zealand. The monthly meeting ft the City toncal Kecord Society will bs held * 11 JamBJ Hall at 8 o’clock this evening. o[ Vallins will roootint his E8,n , 1 friends » r 9 the e.rly days.” Members and invited. < ornewbn’ An election dispute which B once rned unsatisfactorily for iiotli P ar ’ , vfl3 tprday, waa dealt with at the Town Court TANARUS« before Messrs Williams (chairman!, Phillips, Josephs, and Glonny. [oiffl . Britt and John Bourko, whi la ~ ct ;v„ poll press upon each ° tb . ar * boir ., J, disn° tical views by resorting to o ■. p ir ty, that they had to deal with a a | fc that namely, Constable Jones, wit | t (Jon they ware both charged w ‘ a3e , deptt"' l stable Jones and two other witn 993 they BaW that on Sunday, the 10th Ontober, fightin)f the two acoused with their ° , . ans . They in a place known as M Inernay_ jj; 0 t for had evidently been engaged m tu 9 4 ||y bat lome time, judging from tb ®‘ 7 J e Both of tered and dilapidated nppe» r . j g p;«r the accused pleaded st‘t»d th»t I son, who appoarod for the and dispute* the affair arose oat of' an • , c shaken and since its occurence the nc . -ere now very good friends, and he liands an !jj at if the bench would bind them tbong« the p eaC e, and not record a con ofItije 1 t ije case would be met. The chair- |0 w«rsr said that the benob could not ot an > V t j,„ 'offence, and statiog that the oter j mnnld have reoeived a much heavier scense bn( . f)jr the a ble defence of Mr Pearson fined each of them 10s with 7s 3d Hardy the veteran boxer, who iB to-day • „,.t« of the Benevolent Asylum, has » n in _., ar y of a life of idleness in that insti- P r ?. w ° jjitc an old war-horse eager for the r he cannot keep away from tho ring ha he was wont to distinguish himself in ff " er He has now decided to open a *k o . P school, ana has almost completed for taking over the Athletic ii T.vdiard street which was formerly * d“d over by Mr J. Perryman. Hardy’s ?! is to inaugurate contests for prizes on r a gjcilar to those carried out in Melbourne dekewhero. This is the second time he ? I.fi the Asylum to endeavor to earn hia living and it. is to be hoped that this tine he will meet with success. . The annual inspection of jthe Borough ,'of' Sebastopol will be made by the council on Wedoe'doy next. Thn box plan for the brief farewell season f (°arl Her>z, the renowned illusionist and Viator, is rapidly filling, and there is every COUJ ; afl n f q highly 6neof*sBfnl season being in*. Cnrated at the Academy of Music on Monday evening next. In addition to a com. aeries of fresh attractions, illusions, &c.;, Arnberite’s Derby and the Melbourne Cap 11 be shown through the medium of the marvellous cinematograph, the pictures being ♦ '-en specially for the Ballarat season by Carl Tbo season is absolutely limited to fear performances. The mine of which Mr T. Porter has been •anointed manager is the Hannan’s North. Steoorlie. He will probably sail for Western Australia on Saturday, the 13th '"lAst evening at the meeting of the Lydiard , t Mutual Improvement Association the ncmber? very cordially welcomed Mr and Mrs t! MBrsb&U; who tin* week returned * to Bal* jurat from South Africa, A. complimentary banquet will be tendered toMrE Mnrphy, M.L:A., by his friends and eupportera at the Mechanics’ Hall, Bungnree, on Wednesday evening next. Mr W. Henna will preside. 