CHAPTEK XXXIX. THE UOrQUHT OF VIOLETS. As it might ho fors?e:i, the felicity of Genevieve and Maurice ivas not of long continuance. In the tempest which an- ; !> chains the wind and hurls the thunders , * bolt, the nest of the dove is slnjken in i “ the tree where it had retired for shelter, j Genevieve passed from one terror to mi. j other. She no longer feared for Mnisorf [ t Rouge, she now trembled for Maurice. I 3" She knew her husband sufficiently well j ° to [eel convinced, the moment of his dis- n appearance, lie was saved, hut, sure of his safety, she thought now of her own. T She dared not confine her griefs to tho man, the least timid, at this epoch when no one was devoid o! fear, but it was t plainly evinced by her red eyes and pnllid cheeks. ® One day Maurice softly entered, so 1 quietly, indeed, that Genevieve, buried in a profound reverie, did not notice t his entrance. He stopped upon the t threshold and saw Genevieve sitting im- i movable, her eves fixed on vacancy, her i hands Iving listlessly on her knees, her i head hanging pensively upon her bosom. I He gazed at her for a moment, -with an £ eccnrcssiop oi Faducss, for all that pas ^ passing in the young girl's heart' was ^ snddeniv revealed, as if be bad rend even j to her‘latest thought. He stepped up ^ 3encvieve *. conic'is it is so. You ilv 'roiu the air you breathe, anil not with 3jit the greatest reluctance will you jven approach the ■window.” “ Alas !” said Genevieve, “ I know X :annot conceal my thoughts from you, Maurice; you have divined rightly.” “It is, nevertheless, a fine country,” said the young man; “ life is here im portant, and well occupied now. This hustling activity of the tribune, the elute, the conspiracies, etc., renders sweeter the hours spent by onr own fireside. One loves it the more ardent ly, maybe from the fear of not being able to love it on the morrow, for on the morrow one may have ceased to ^Genevieve shook her bead, “ An ungrateful country to 6Crve,” sisid she. 1 1 1 1 ] \- Wliy 60 7” “ Yes, you who have labored so much for the cause of liberty, are you not , to-day more than half suspected ?" “ But you, dear Genevieve,” said Mnu- i rice, with a look of tenderness, “ you . a sworn enemy to this liberty, you who have done so much against it, yon yet 6leep peaceable and inviolate beneath the roof of a Republican, and there, you see, is my recompense.” Yes,” said Genevieve, “ but that can not last long; thajt which is wrong can not endure.” “ What do you mean ?” “ I mean to say that I, that is to say, an aristocrat, that I who dream quietly, ol the defeat of your party, and the ruin of our plans; I who conspire, oven in your house, the return of tho ancient regime, I who, recognized, you would condemn to death and dishonor, pursuant to your opinions, at least; I, Maurice, will not remain here as tho evil genius of your house, I will' not drag you to the scaffold.” “ And where would you go, Gene “ Wlier.e nhnll I- go, Maurice ? One day, when you aye out, I shall go and! denounce myself, without saying where I come from.” “ Oh !” cried the young man, wound ed to the heart’s core, “ already un grateful.” “ Xo,” cried the young woman,, throw ing her arms round Maurice's neck, “ it is love, and the most devoted love, X swear. I did not wish my brother shr.u'd be taken and slaughtered as ai rebei ; I do not wish my lover to hej arrested and'guillotined ns a traitor.” “ And you will do this, Genevieve 7” “ As truly ns (there is a God in heaven,” replied tlip young women; “ besides, I not only experience tear, but remorse ;” and she bowed her head as if it .were a burden too heavy to tie borne. “ Oh, Genevieve !” said Maurice. “ You will understand nil that X say, nil that I feel, Maurice, for you ex-' perionce remorse. You know I gave ; myself to yon while I belonged to nm ! other, and you have taken me without ; my possessing the right to dispose of myseii.” “ Enough," said Maurice, “ enough.” He turned pale, nmd a mejnnphojy ex pression snifused his clear countenance, and firm resolution burned in his clear eyes. ” I will shefw’you, Genevieve, how entirely. I love you,” said the young! man : “ I will prove to you that no' sacrifice is bej-ond my love. You hate France. Well, let it be so. IVe will quit France.” Genevieve clapped her hands, 'and re : guriled her lover with enthusiastie ad ! miration. _ | “You will not deceive me, Maurice 7 j murmured she. “ Have I ever deeeivsd you 7” said Maurice, "and is this the time 7 I-am . dishonoring myself for you Genevieve approached her lip3 to Mau rice's, and remained hanging on the neck of her lover. “ Yes, you are right,” said Genevieve; “ it is I who deceived myself. What I feel is. not remorse, jierhnps it is a degradation to my love; hut you will comprehend, at least, I love you fan too much to feel any other emotion than the ail-engrossing onff, the fear of losing ! you. Let us go fax away, Maurice; let us go far away, where po one can un, than!:*!” said Maurice, trails- ■ ported with juy. i “Kut how can wc the ?" said Ci'r.eJ ’’ rieve, trembling at the thought. "It . I s not 60 easy to ese'npe nowadays from 1 ilie poniard ot the (lssas-un* oi ihc 2nd of September, or the liatcliet of tlio hangman ot the 2l-'t of January.” “ Genevieve," said Maurice, " God will protect us. Listen to me. A good, vetion wiiicli I endeavored to perform', ! apropos to this 2nd of September, which ' ran have just named, is now about to . ■ receive its reward. I wished to save : v poor priest who lin.d studied with me. I I t went to Dnnton, a.nd -t his request : die Commune of Public .Safety signed a : un-sport for the unfortunate man and j ns sister. -This passport Danton for warded to mo, but the unhappy man, in- | dead of seeking it at my house, ns I i rad recommended' him to do, was shut ip by the Carmelites, and there he lied." “And the passport 7" said Genevieve. '< “ I have it now. It: is worth a mil ion. It is worth more tlia.n that, Gene- : rieve ; it comprises both life mid happi- j less.” ' j “ Oh, God ho praised!’’ cried the fomig woman. “Now, my property, ns you are aware, mnsists or estate, managed by nil old j icrvnnt. of the family, a stanch patriot, j md (strictly loj'al, in whom wo mny | loufide. lie will send a rcmittanco whenever I wish. On (arriving at 1 Soulogno we will go to his house.” , ; “ Vriiere does he reside, then ?" : “At Ahhcvillo.” i; “ AVlien shall we go, Maurice ?” ; “ Within an hour.” “ No one need know of our departure.” j “No one will know it. I will run :o Louis: he haa a cabriolet and no !. home, while I have a horse and no '< enrringe. Wc will set out immediate ly on my return. You remain hero. Genevieve, und prepare everything for our departure. Wc want but little luggage ; we can purchase nil that we require in England. I shall give Sce voln some commission that will remove him out of the way. Louis will explain our departure. We ' want but little that time we shall be far away.” “ But if we should be stopped upon tbs road?" “ Have we not our passports ? We shall go to Hubert's house ; that is tha steward's name. Hubert forms part oE the municipality of Abbeville ; from Abbeville to Boulognc-hc will accompany us ns safeguard. At Boulogne we will purchase ami freight a vessel. T could besides, proceed to the committee and make them give me a mission to Abbe ville. But no, not liy fraud, Gene vieve. Is it not better to risk our lives to save and secure our linppi-ess ?” “Yes, moil ami ; and we shall succeed. But how you are perfumed this morn ing," said the young woman, conceal ing her face on Maurice's breast. " True ; I purchased a hunch of violets or you this morning, passing before the Palace d'Egaiitc; hut, on my Vctiirn, inding yon so sml. I thought of noth ing hut inquiring the cause of your diep “Oh, give it to mcC I fwifl return it.” Genevieve inhaled the odor oi tho bouquet with iuLv.r'e delight, when sud denly her eyes suffused with tca.rs. i “ What is it ?” said Maurice. ' “ Poor Heioise !” murmured Genevieve. “ Ah, yes!” said Maurice, with a sight; “ hut let us think of ourselves mid leave tho (lend, wherever they may he, to rewt in tha grave dug by their devotion. Adieu ! I am going.” “ Return quickly.” “ In less than an li»u'y I shall ho hero ; “ But if Louis is not at home ?” “ What does it matter ? his servant knows me. And even in his absence I can take what I plcrusc, as lie would do here in mine.” [ “ Very well.” | “ Now, my Genevieve, prepare every- : thing; but, ns I have told you, confiuo : youscli to necessaries. I do not wish our departure (to appear like a re- ; The young man advauced a step to- > ward the door. “ Maurice,” said Genevieve. He turned round, and saw the young ■ woman extend her arms toward him. j “ All revoir, n;i revoir, flcar love,” said he; “ in ball an hour I shall bq Genevieve remained alone, occupied, as wc have saiu, in preparations for their departure. She accomplished her task in feverish haste. As long as she re mained in Paris, tlie part she was act ing appeared to her doubly culpable. Once out of France, once among stran gers, it seemed that her crime—a crime rather of fatality than her own. would weigh the less heavily on her conscience. She even hoped, isolated and in solitude, she might finish by forgetting tho ex istence of any other man than Maurice. They would fly to England ; everything was arranged. There they would lnro a little cottage, standing alone, very retired, shut out from ail eyes; they would change their names, and instead of two names would have one. Then they would have two servants, who would be (perfectly ignorant of tho past. Fortunately, both Genevieve and Maurice spoke English. Neither the one or the other left anything to regret in France. Thus Genevieve commenced making preparations for their voyage, or, rather, flight. She took singular pleasure in selecting from the rest those objects lor which Maurice had evinced anv predilection. The coat setting off iiis tall figure to advantage, the cravat and waistcoat suitable to bis completion, the hooks whoso leaves ho had most frequently drawn upon. She had already made her selection ; already the waiting trunks were on the floor, while clothes, linen and books were strewn on the chairs, the sofa and the : piano. Suddenly slio heard tho key j turn in the lock. : “ Why, Sccvoln has returned!” said ' she. “ Surely Maurice could not have met him.” And she continued her occupation. 'I he doors of tlie saloon were open, and sho heard Scevola moving in the ante chamber. She held a roll of music in her hank, land wus looking for some string to tie round it. “ Scevola !” cried she. An approaching step sounded in an ad joining room. “ I am here,” said a voice. At the sound of his voice, Genevieve tunned quiekiy round, and uttered a terrible Cry. “ My husband !” cried she. “ Himself,” said Dixmer, coolly. Genevieve was on a chair, searching for some strings in the wardrobe. She felt her head turn round, and, extending her urms, fell backward, wishing she could precipitate herself into an abyss be neath. Dixmer took her in his nrind, and carried her to a sofa, where he seat ed liimseli also. “ What is the matter, my dear ? What is it ? My presence seems to have pro duced a most disagreeable eiicct upon ^ “ I am dying,” murmured Genevieve, turning from him, and pressing both hands over her eyes, that she might shut out the frightful apparition. *■“ What,” said Dixmer, “ did you be lieve mo dead, my dear, and did you take me for a ghost ?” Gcncvievo looked round her with a be wildered air, when, perceiving tho por trait of Maurice, sho glided from the sofa and fell upon her knees, as if to implore the assistance of this power less and insensible image, which still continued to smile. The misdra.ble woman fully comprehended tlie menaces eoiicealcd by Dixmer under his affected calmness. “ Oil, my dear child,” continued tho nuugcr tanner, “ it was well for me, pcrha]is, that you thought I was far from Paris; but I remained there. Tho (jay after I had quitted, the house, I re turned, and found in its stead a heap oi mins. I inquired after yon. No ope had seen you. I then commenced a search after you, and have had much trouble to find you. I row, I did not ■ think you were licro, however, I hud my ruspicious. So, ns you sec, I came, So here I am, and you see me. And how is dpnr Maurice ? Indeed, I four you have suffered much. You so stanch a Royalist, compelled to seek shelton under the roof of a Republican.” “ My God ! iriy God!” murmured Gene vieve, “ take pity upon me !" “ After all, iny dear,” continued Dix mer, “ what serves to console me most) ! is that yon are so comfortably lodged ! here, and that you do not appear to 1 have suffered much from tlie proscrip tion, As for myself, since the burning of our house, and the ruin of our for tune, I have had my share of wandqr iug 'adventures, sometimes living in a cave, another time a boat, sometimes even iu the common sewers with which the Seine abounds.” “ Monsieur !” said Genevieve. “ You have there ~unic beautiful fruit; as for me, I have oi'.ei gone without any dessert, not having had any din >aWi" QtaWlMO, sobbing bitterl?, pint ported Her hen<! DOtWML .nor *jan(W, ** Not,” continued Dixmer, “that lv>n& destitute of money. I lm.vc, thank God . generally carried with me thirty thou* sand francs; by means of which ( the ‘collier/ the ‘fishermen/ or the rag merchant * drew the louis from bis pocket to purchase a morsel of chee.so "n sausage. Eh, my God! yea, mndnme, I have successfully adopted th<xu* throe costumes. To-day, the bet ter to disguise myself, I am en patriote, on cxngcre, en Marseillais. I Gsp and I swear, an outlaw cannot conceal him self as easily in Paris a.-? a young and pretty woman, and I have not the happi ness of knowing an ardent young Ke publican! who would hide mo from every “ Monsieur ! ,‘monsieur !” cried Gene vieve, “have morev upon me; you see that f am dying.'* “ Anxiety ; 1 can understand that you have had much .anxiety about me; but console j-oursclf, yon nee me now. I have returned, and we will now port no more, madame/’ “ Oh, you will kill me I” cried Geuo Dixmer regarded her with a fright ful 6inilc. “ Kill; an innocent woman 1 r*\\.t __ dame, what makes you say so 7 It must be that grief for my absence has turned “ Jtloruueur :** sairt Uencvipve, " mon sieur, I beseech you to kill me at once, rather, than torture me with these cruel railleries. No, I am not innocent; yes, I am criminal ; yw, I merit death. Kill me, monsieur, kill me—’' “ Then, you acknowledge that you merit death ?’* “And to expiate this crime of which you accuse vourseH. you will submit to death without complaint?” “Strike, monsieur; I will not utter a cry, and, instead of cursing. I will bless the hand that strikes me.” “ No, madame ; I do not wish to strike yon, though, in all probability, you will die. Only vour death, instead of be ing, as you seem to fear, an jgnominous one, ^hall be most glorious. Thank mo, madanuv while punishing, I will immor talize you.” M What.i then, will you do, monsieur 7” WE WILL QUIT FKASOE. “ You will follow the end to which we were tending when interrupted on our roi.-e. In your own eyes and in mine you die guilty ; in thet eyes of the world yon will die a martyr/’ “ Oh/ my God ! you will drive me mad by speaking thus. Where arc you con ducting me ? where are you dragging me ?” “ In all probability, to death.” ‘‘Leave' me to offer up one prayer.” “ To whom ?” “ It matters not to you. The moment you: deprive me of life, my debt is can celed—my debt paid, I owe you nothing.” “True,” said Dixrner, retiring into an other room ; “ I will await you.” And he left her once more alone. Genevieve sunk on her knees before the portrait, pressing her hands against her bursting heart. “ Maurice,” said she, in a low tone, “ pardon me ; I could not expect to he happy, but I Imped to have made you so. Maurice, I am depriving you of a joy that constituted your life'; pardon me for causing your death, my best be j Then,, severing a ringlet from her mass of curls, she bound it round the bouquet of- violets and placed them beneath the portrait, which, insensible and speech less as it was. still appeared to assume an expression of grief at her departure. At least, so it appeared to the unfortu nate Genevieve, as she gazed at it through her tears. “ Weli,» are you ready, madamc ?” dcK imindcd Dixmer. “So soon!” murmured Genevieve. “ Oh. take your time, madame,” tc pli.-il Dixmer. “ I am in no hurry. Be sides. I dare say. Maurice will not be long, and I $3iafl be delighted to thank him for all his kindness ami hospitality toward you.” Genevieve trembled with terror at the Idea oi a meeting bctwttvn h?r lover and husband. She raised herself by nn effort, saving, calmly : “ It is Inmbed, monsieur, and I am read yuow,” DixmeP went out first, and the tremb ling Genevieve followed him. With half closed eyes, her luSul turned round to look her last, she ascended the carriage which was waiting at the door. It rolled away. As Genevieve had truly said—it was fiuished. 