[?] '^^b^-^^*^ \ I 8 ^**-''''*''**«wh— The Technological Muaoum poopio liavo discororod that n- nativo plant growing fronly about Sydnoy in valuable for tho extraction of n now pcrftuno. Another loonl industry him boon tuldod to tho list, but if tho inauufncturo of ncunt from wild Honors doun not pay any bottor than tho mnnufiicturo of isoap, Koid will havo to rat on his policy. A Ooghlanined tux on tho incomes of local Econt-makom would perhaps holp to koop the Fcuotindo un omployod fjoiufy ! Dr. Roid'a attention ia Willimn of Yarmany, having naid ovory thingelso thoro was to Bay and douo every thing worth doing, linn turned playwright. I road with a fooling of droadful nwo that Willinni'ii drr.ma rotates mainly to tho fraternal relations botvroon Germany and Italy, tho wodding, na it woro, of tho BauaiiRo to tho mnccaroni. Bill baa now oxhuustod all tho Itnov/n aonnatioiiB oxoupfe that of being hio own corpse It noouia that nothing can Bavo ua from becoming u military pooplo. Hott Bill Da.lloy'u ghost must cliuckln when thoy oablo across tho Styx that Chamberlain lina boon visiting Colonol Lnsaottor nnd complimontiiig him on tho New South Wales warriora, or whon an extra second edition of tho nowspapcr is brought acroim by old Charon, tolling how Colonol Airoy and tho Lancorj aro voluntooring to go and lot daylight through tho Indian .rcvoltora. Tho hour ia pregnant of military glory, tho Soudan asn brayod throo timoa at mid night on Tuesday , and the martial nound at tho Zoological Gardons was heard as far no tho Pnddington barrnclcn. It io timo this young and promising country got up and killed Gomothiug. V O ♦ A lunatic ohoorfully bailed tho Cardinal up outside St. Mary'u tho othor morning and ordorod that; omim-nt prolato to pay Jiim .£300 a yoar. It iu strange that tho man ahould havo just fixed on a mombor of Parliament's nalary ao hiu fanciod stipend. ? Tho closest inquirioo no far havo failed to''' show whothor or not ho waa ono of thooo many political imbooiloB 'who havo boon gently but firmly rologntod to tho bottom of tho poll by tho olootoro ot tho colony. ; 'Wo ought Io havo a lot of oyrnpnthy with ?j Uio Hon. Jack Want. Ho ia ono of tho moat curiously nfilictod of our public moti. Whonovor tho flab bogin to hilo poor Jack ia aoiaod by an attack of his uaual malady, and has to pack up hin oinkorn and tncdiciuo bottloa and porua plantoru nnd got away on to tho sohmvppor grounda. Thoro iu oomo thing very human about an Attornoy Qonoral who iu mibjoat to those littlo wcalc nosnos, and tho public look indulgontly on tho popular John, without whom tho proaonb Ministry would bo juntadull loaden-wiltod, onoaking. anufllo-busting, pack of pioua nonontilioo. Mr. Cliambnrlnin haa loat i!50,000 in tho cultivation of liomp on hia outato in tho Bahama Islands ! ' Alan I alas I ' oriod Noaoy Hob, 11 Tlio Futon aud timoa oomipiro to rob A nohln ti'ndo of i-rolll). 'I'liin onulo uuwfl in nad indood, It makon my tondor honrt to blood ; In vulgar tormn, ' I'm off it.' ?' A lomi on wlioatl mifjlit nbido. On burloy, wool, or bonn, or Xiido | Hut liomp'n a (iiff'ront matter. Oil 1 oruol tbouiflit; oil I niinod hopo : 'l'hou may not havo enough fur ropo I Whilo urlmo oaoli dny fjrowei fattor. ' But ahull I thon nil opirit loao, And, laokiiif; upirit, tako to buoiso, Wbloli loavcti nuuli tolMnlo trnoosP Nny, nuyl It hoinji ontltoly faUn, To navn tho namo of Now Sontti Wulon, I'll hang 'oni with my brucoa!' * * » Tho Broufjhton Club, an institution juab inaugurated in Sydnoy for tho aniunomont nnd bonoflb of islorgymon, will bo opon on Supdayn I Buok up, tTnolo Drunkorl Down with your iron hool I Noxt thing thoy will bo oponing tho cuttlo nulo-yardo on tho Sabbath. Will you pormit it, Drunkor P j Soraoono gftyo Edmund Barton orodib for a olaoBical'joko about pancalcoa whicii oinaimtod about half ncoutury ngo from n nuick-vuttod Irloh prloat, and now Tobiau tluo'Bulky in ouUod upon by tho oorronpon . divnon flond. to dony tho pnvontngo of tho hintorioal jonb. It vrna n mud jol:o, anyhow, and heavy onough for n Quoon'u Oouituol to ^ui'j/^Unl.o i/dov r. big dinner, nnd it is inonn' of tho oorroapondonoo nvon to put; Toby away. Wliy not lob tho fufcnro I'iciiilorof lCodoiatocl AiiukaHtv rotaln hlo reputation t\n n lmmorlot, God knows fcho' country vtMitfj a io\r gonuluo humorloto. Wo nro gottlng bo uorlouB thnb If nomo of uonrniloa «ou wo would crook ouvfuooo, ? « » , ? ?- Tlio Almuodn toolc 43400,000 In gold oub of I ho colony on hm'Uk'iiU trip to Atuurrllrn., nm\ iho B/illftuit rnrtotl off ^020,000 to; J)ou&-\y. 'A'lifi nionoy Jo ffoln/? out of tho otMtnfi'y ho jftpl'Uy fchfib Jin n foiv yoaw tlio JV'IJo/f ivlio cf\n ooratoh' ono 'goldon nov. wIUb Jlio rough odjfo of nnoMior lrlll bo os A now dtiugor to navigation haa como up from tho doptho in tho almpo ot n, bolligo-i rout whftlo v/ho h.ia boon cruiaing, off tlio Hoadii lately. Tho cotacoan camo into colliuion with a steam tu'' tho otlmr moru iiHTj and tho tug had to bo docUod. It !g propoaod that tho Marioo Board bo eont out to intorviuw that v/halo, and placard him ' dangerous.' I know of no inoro uaoful purpoco to whioli tho Board could bo applied. It io purloctly uuoIobo aa rogarda tho nrovontion of liomioidal ovororoirding on forry otoameni, and it dooa not eonin to have any groat influonco iu provouting shipwreck and collision. If tho Board ' moots tho whale aud tho v/halo owallowa tho Board as Jonah waa ewallowod, it is probable that tho long promiaod reorgani nation of thin obsoloto body will bo hurried along. Undur thoso cirouiuntniivoB it is a tluty which ovory citizon owus to tho coni tnuiiity to peruuado tho Board to go aftor tho wbalo. Tho New Zealand Undo organioivtionB aro endeavoring to obtain a guarantee of .£?100 a yoar to retain Mr. Bon Tillott as a lecturer in tho interests of labor. Oh, yop, Mr. Tillotfc, No doubi ho would till it, That neut littlo billot ; Un vory fair pay. Ho'd Donr tlio nviroot nyrnp Of Fnt Mnn, ai\d nlir Up ? Tho utrif-o tliat in ' Ynrrnp'' Thoy'yo tirod of thoy Bay, 'What poor worlcinft jokor, What minor or BloUor, What uraftinp ' otouo- brokor,' i Moobanto or mau Drawn eight qnid'aTfcokj airs, l-'or 'doui(t a apeak,' niro, Dinjilivyiutt liia ohook, airu, '''? Aa Tillott kind onuP . ? Who wouldn't loutl howl for Tbo workor, and urowl for 'J'ho noftlp of ' Tl.o Owl ' for A otipond liko tliioP Who wouldn't quiok knook off Tlio ihmt of tho (look off Ilia ulioufl, and juat Hook off - To collar uuoh bhuuP O'or Lnno, Sponco, and ol.born, Who pluyod ' matoii' and brotliorfl, Our muoo abokon and umothorH WlionoTar wo think. Poor lumlor-Ioil maasi'u, Lad (loo)) in moriuiuoun— Oli, lionn I Ofi, nnaosl Oli, plundorl Oli.jinkl « ? w Mr. Brunkor has notified tho Inflpnotor Guuoral to move on tho blind boggard, alleged and othorwieo, wlio uso Sydney Htroeta uu thoir happy hunting grounds. All variotioa of atroot cadgers will bo in cludod in tho clear ev/oop. General l''on bury in gottiug plenty of buainoBB, chivvying ulio gingor-beor morohnnto, boot-laco purvoyoro, aud mendicant tnusi ciana. I would not bo at all surprinud to hear next that Brunkor haa orderod tho Gouoral to arroat all tlio organ-grindura' lnoukoya. Wo aro luoky in having a Minititry with u uompioheunivo intellect; which goeQ right into dotnilo. It ia not true nn rumorod tlini; Mr. Brunkor hau givon inntrnotionn that tho proceedings of tho Wator I'olico Court lihould bo oponed ovory morning with prayer. A j'oungBtor of 15 wan nontonood to doath tit tho Maitland Circuit Court on Tuoadiiy laat. Tho boy, whoso namu io Mitcholi, wan ohargod with a capital offonoo nnd ploadod guilty. The jury rocommondod Imn to rnoroy, but tho Judgo, iu pnauiug tho death noutonco, avowed that ho had no dlncrotion in tho matter. ?? Un Iobb raprioved by tho Govornor tho infant will duly bo handed ovor to Noaoy Bob. With a froo, aocular, and compulnory ayn tom of oduoation, a God-fearing Govern ment, and Sundny-Bohoola iuuumerablo, ' thuuo onaoa oil juvonilo dopravity aro hurd to uudorntaud. But na tho Sun liVanoiflco polico havo oxpruuuod admiration of our promptitude in nci'agging Butlor, wo can at lonsb connolo ouraoivou with tho icfluo tlon that tho ouro 1b ulwnyn roady for tho dinonoo. Ib in titrnngo to ilnd that tho inoroauo of population south oi. tlio lino will bo loua this duoado than in tho ton' yourn boi'rro JBOO. Tho TKLKCiKArn, which jb ntrong on otatinticH, nttrlbutua thin falling-off .iu tlio infant oropu to tho bad times. I can'C'noo til at; tho argument iioldn, bcdiVuoo tlio pooror a mnn geta, no (V ruin, tho moro hia family Inoconnon, I would juat nn liofput) ib do.wn to tho wonblior, Tho good old .D.I1, thinkn thnb Fcdoratlbu, wlbh or with oub Btatoa' rjghtn, will tend to corroob tho do/Monoy. Tbiii in ono of thono t^uofitioun upon vrhloh oven atroug inon do nob oaro to offor nn opinion, and, unlosn tho woathor can bti offorod nu an explanation of tho niyn1;nr.7, I ivm at) n loou to nooounb ton ib, Ono 'thliiff In oortuli), [iomothing muab bo dono, (inu quickly, Ono of tlio i«»»b poc ulnxlntr problama whloh Attotrnllau jioH tioin.no ',riHI bo cnllod upon to fnno In th« nonv fittuti) ?''' 'JHoflr to luoumno our Popul^Mon.' 