' ?? 1 AUSTRAL' AM NOVEL' I_ lapaCTEi ?? i of pandora iiue Story of Northern Queonsland. IDA PT A IN LAC IE., IN SIXTEEN PARTS. ? ? ° ? 1 VII (Continued.) ?£*-» THAT' was. that?' came the \- / query; Whereupon the young B' ? woman told the story of r's remarkable action, not con ; anything, even the attempted ig of the man. at was indeed a strange affair, is just possible the poor fellow fes. ? There is a tiny islet on the : which he might have reached, ??isMiot -a- great distance from My duty impels me to make a '*? in the locality before going i It would be a terrible thing to i solitary human being in such a i knowingly. Lilt the anchor, Bb *nd make for the north point of SS£nrrier yonder. We may be able spae another life there,' Captain Spj hastily spoke. Illl men needed no further incen |ra| spur them on, and in less than pil ir the Oxley was bowling merrily Hll in the direction indicated, gll vhile everything possible was |h done to promote the comfort of ?Bstawayst Captain James gave HH cabin to the two women, the Hlrawback being that there was not HHcle of female apparel on board. B&arments; 0f Ellen Cooney and |HToung presented a curious spec EBIand it was hard to say whether Ssinore nearly resembled male or l|fl attire. The terrible journey of HH month in the wilds of Australia gHljimpletely destroyed their clothes, BB were kept together with all kinds HHerial, such as thongs of bark and HBof animal skins. Now that they MHafe this fact caused them little Hkn, as in a week or two they BH be able to get all that was needed H Moreton Bay depot. Hfras shortly after noon when the ?BRneared the atoll on the Barrier, HHhe crew commenced a careful H amongst the nooks and crevices ?I great coral formation. Within ?Spur they discovered the boat, HBn upwards, lying on a reef, but HHce of Walker could be seen. BSnere is no doubt the poor fellow HHbne under,' at length observed HHin James. 'This place swarms Hftround sharks, and they would 99 short work of the body. It is IIHd all possibility that he could Hfcscaped, and there isn't the least ?Hasting further time. However, HBbme this spot Walker's Point in ^Bry of the poor fellow who must HBost his reason by the sufferings ??countered,' he concluded. SBe course of the vessel was then Hid to the south, and the sloop H|d safely at Moreton Bay, and HLtely at Sydney about a month ?B On the voyage the admiration HA Captain James felt for Ellen BBjey ripened into love, and before HBj Cove was reached he was her ^Gced husband. ?gore this the girl had shown him ?Mil of great size and wonderful worth a fortune in itself, and ?Biim the brief history of its dis ^Hy at Pandora Isle to the north of ?great Barrier. It was her father's HBss wish that the gem should be HHjind its money value distributed Hgst the members of the crew in Hn proportions. Hj this Captain James called the HB fellows who had acted so nobly BBptain Cooney and his daughter Bftier and told them the position of Hr. . When Sydney was reached he iHfcllen would be married, and then H her husband he would carry out IhB promise made by her father, j^to putting out an expedition on ^afirst favourable opportunity to f any more priceless gems lay id Pandora Isle. len the capital of New South s was reached, the captain of the rdid even more than he had ised. The Governor was informed : Pandora tragedy, with the result ;he officinjs found berths in the c service for the survivors until desired to leave. A pension was ed to William Young and his and a large sum was given from State treasury for the Pandora . A memorandum was made of locality in which the pearl was 3, but owing to a variety of reasons ecisive action was taken to find fhether valuable deposits of pearl lay at the locality, was reserved for Captain James ais wife, with three of the seamen survived the Pandora tragedy, to e the secrets of the place and be gents of avenging justice. Before lining how all this was done, it will ecessary to make a long digression follow the fortunes of others, eanwhile we leave Ellen Cooney — Mrs James — happy and contented ydney with those who so nobly :d her trials not less so. PART VIII. 1 \ hen the tropical storm which t upon the Pandora swept over the , the ruffians, ..Bloomfield and I is, had put the vessel into the best : of preparedness possible. They : in a dilemma how to act, for, in they were placed bttween the I and the deep sea. ? Deprived as they were of the boat, ] it would not have been safe to venture ashore even could they have done so. Earlier in the day it might have been possible to construct a rough raft; and well armed as they: were, landed. Supposing that were done they would have been observed by those on shore, who would have doubled on them and regain, the brig. That would have been a case of the biter bitten, as they would have become the losers. As the storm swept up, however, even this alternative was denied them, and all they could do was make the ship trim and. tant and stick to her. Underhanded as they were, it wis highly probable disaster would over take them if the wind was unusually severe. Yet there was nothing else to be done but face the inevitable. It was certain death on shore should they fall into the hands of those they had so betrayed, but in contending with the elements there was still a chance more, especially as the wind was coming oft the land. Had the storm come from the eastward their case would have in deed been desperate. In that event nothing could have saved the brig from being swept on to the beach, aind in the raging water, though it was possible to escape with life, there would be no chance of keep ing the muskets and a supply of dry powder. The desperadoes ware of course ignorant of the terrible fate which had befallen Captain Cooney. Hardy they well knew was dead, for the hunch back had sent a bullet through his heart as he was leaping over the bul warks into the sea after Farrell. Hardy was in fact their latest victim. They were bot^ good seamen and I had weathered many a hurricane, but they quailed as the storm burst upon them. They had taken up a position at the rudder, which was protected so far as possible from the fury of the elements. It was well for them that the brig was so close to the shore and there was no chance for the waves to get up, or the cr-ft would have been overwhelmed at the first onset. The old ship trembled as the wind struck her, but in a few moments she wove round and began to slowly follow in the wake of the storm. ' We are saved, Jarvis,' hoarsely whispered Bloomfieldto his confederate as this movement look place. 1 We have a chance, at all events,' came the response. A sudden plunge made by the ship showed she had parted the anchor, and the motion of the vessel became greatly accelerated. This was not a mis fortune, as it would allow the brig to answer the helm more readily. In an hour intense darkness settled down over the tumultuous scene and the ship pitched violently. The men had not the least idea whither they were being driven, but concluded they were going out lo sea and so far were quite safe. In a couple of hours the violence of the wind ceased, and the rain which fell did a great deal in moderating the violence of the waves. Shortly before midnight all was calm again, and both men began to regard the danger as past. ' We're in luck's way, Jams,' at length spoke Bloomfield. ' Don't sfce where the luck comes in, Abel. Here we are tossing about in a strange sea with not half power enough to handle the craft,' responded Jarvis. ' Better be tossing on the top of the waves than food for fish below,' said Bloomfield, elated with the feeling that safety was assured, and thinking only of the present. Even as he spoke an ominous grat ing noise was heard, or rather felt, and suddenly the brig heeled over on the port side. The men hung on to the handle of the helm to prevent slipping into the sea so acute was the angle, and both simultaneously exclaimed : . ' Grounded!' After a minute or two of painful suspense it became clear that there was no immediate danger, as the water around was comparatively calm. The moon was yet clouded, and the con federates anxiously waited for light to ascertain if possible their surroundings. After the lapse of more than an hour a break in the clouds allowed a stream of moonlight to pour down, and the first swift glance showed the baffled ruffians that their lives were not in any peril. The Pandora had simply drifted into a small cove or bay with a shingly beach on which the vessel had grounded. In fact, if a more suitable spot had been sought to run the craft on shore, it could not have been found. As the sky cleared and the night became' brighter, both men dropped off the deck and swam ashore, where they walked the beach until daylight, speculating on what part of the coast the Pandora had come to grief. ' We may not be a mile from those fellows who are thirsting for our blood, Jarvis. We must be careful, It will be best to get back and try for the muskets,' Bloomfield said. ' What a chance we'd have of getting them just now. I wouldn't go into the hold for a fortune at present; Besides, we can't be near that spot. Even if we are, it will take them some time to find out we're here. They can't move till daylight, and we'll be afore them,' answered Jarvis, who was much calmer than Bloomfield. When morning dawned the men had good reason to congratulate themselves. They were apparently on the mainland for north-south. The Pandora was reclining on a soft beach and scarcely injured, though it was clear she could not be floated off again. The small bay in which she lay was beautifully sheltered, while the country around seemed inviting enough to tempt settlement. The first act of the ruffians was to get on board and force the hatch, when another pleasurable surprise awaited them. The good old craft had not even sprung a leak.' The cargo was of course jumbled about, but that was a small matter. In five minutes they were able to effectan entrance to the captain's cabin, where the much desired firearms were found. It. was simply wonderful what little injury was done to the ship. With the weapons in their hands, a feeling of confidence and bravado re turned to the shipwrecked men, and they at once set about making arrange ments to convey necessary articles on shore. Before doing so it was agreed to make an examination of the sur rounding district, and with that object all the firearms, save four muskets, were carefully secreted in the hold. Taking two each, they waded ashore, for the brig was nearly high and dry at low tide, and began the inspection. A beautiful tropical glen ran almost from the spot where the ship grounded. On the southern range was a high peak, and this the men decided to ascend. In a couple of hours the summit was attained, and a splendid far-reaching view obtained. The scrutiny quite satisfied them, for they were now certain that a considerable distance separated them from those they had so treacherously treated at Mangrove Swamp. It was somewhat strange that the chief desire of the ruffians now was to avoid their would-be victims. What-' ever feelings Bloomfield might have had for Ellen Cooney had died a sudden death. Nor did they longer need a navigator, as there was no ship to steer across the trackless ocean. In short, circumstances had so altered that all the ruffians now desired was never to look upon the faces of their late comrades and shipmates again. Considering how the latter had been left, Bloomfield smiled grimly to him self as he reflected on the improbability of the castaways ever escaping from their living bondage except through the portals of death. After satisfying .themselves that everything was right towards the south, the confederates descended into the glen and climbed the opposite range. The view from there was equally satis factory. There was no one to dispute with them, and that fact gave them pleasure. In a sense they regarded themselves as outlaws, and the stores contained in the Pandora made their exile an easy one. Besides, they had other ideas which fortified them. It was long after noon when the murderers returned to the brig tired and hungry, but everything was found as left. This pleased them, tor it showed that not many natives could be about the district or such an object as the stranded ship would be sure to attract them. An ample dinner was soon provided and eaten, and then the two began to discuss the position. They recognised that the first thing to be done was to remove everything of value which the hull of the Pandora contained. . The sea was a treacherous element, and at any moment might swallow up the vessel and all it contained. Besides, a stray coasting party might drop upon the wreck and spoil them of the plunder. Before anything else was thought of, all useful articles should be taken out. The remaining hours of daylight were spent in searching for a suitable spot where the goods might be stored, and they had not far to go. A few yards from the entrance of the glen was found a cave, which suited ad mirably. Next day the goods were removed by means of a raft. The cargo con sisted of several tons of merchandise. Recognising that strong drinks had a ready sale in Sydney, Captain Cooney had not failed to take in an ample stock for trade purposes. In fact, there was enough provisions on the Pandora to keep the ruffians supplied for years. ' We have enough to keep us here for life, Jarvis, and good stuff too,' remarked Bloomfield at the end of the fourth days' work. The satisfied grin of Jarvis was the only response he gave, for a feeling of contentment had come over him. Not only had he and his mate all they could desire in the shape of food, clothes, and freedom, but they were also formidably armed. No less than twenty muskets had been found on the ship, with four kegs of gunpowder and three hundredweight of bullets. This was acceptable to men who had ob tained their comforts by violence, and if discovered could only retain them by the same method. It took a fortnight to empty the ^ship of all she contained, and attention was then turned in another direction. Michael Jarvis had been the carpenter of the Pandora, ' and the first thing taken ashore by him was the well stocked tool-chest. 'When all the articles were taken out they began to strip the vessel of timber and canvas. From their conversation it was apparent that they intended to build a comfortable and manageable craft in which they would be able to make short voyages, and with fair luck, even long trips by sea. This was not a matter they need hurry over, and the timber was stacked away for future use. It was not until the Pandora was half demolished that the men ceased their work, and then it turned out they were in quest of some thing else besides building material. ' We have lost a fortune in that pearl, Jarvis,' remarked Bloomfield one after noon as the two stood contemplating the wreck of the brig. ' The skipper told me hisself, Abel, tbat he kep' it in the cabin. It was there the very day we did for Sidmouth and Young.' ' Humph I I'm not so sure about Young. I can't forget that night see ing him in the jungle. Have you ever thought about it singe?' interrupted Bloomfield. ' Once or twice. It was just the body caught in one of the trees and the moonlight shining on his face. He was as dead as a door-nail I'll warrant,' came the careless response. ' But he seemed to get away,1 urged the younger man. ' Just the moonlight going off him, that's all. There wasn't anything in it, and those things don't trouble me,' returned Jarvis. ' We've missed the big pearl, at all events, Jarvis.' 1 Yes, an-' that troubles me more than a thousand such ghosts as Young. I can't think what could have become of it. The skipper never carried it about with him, I'm sure,' came the reply from Jarvis. ' Would Mistress Nell — confound her — have taken it? Women love these kind of things, Jarvis, and sure as I stand here we've been doubly foiled by that wench. She must have had a hand in it,' returned Bloomfield. 'She might have had, but much good will it do her. What's the good of pearls where she and the old man is. Pearls won't keep them alive. They'd give a dozen like it for a bag of flour,' fiercely responded the dwarf. ' Maybe you're right, but suppose they should get back to settlement. There's that devil Farrell with them, and the others have plenty of pluck, too. If they came out right, and Nell had the gem, it would be a big haul to divide amongst them, and the making of the haul wouldn't be hard to carry about either. It ain't here, so we must give it up aa a bad job,' Bloomfield answered with an air of resignation. ' There's plenty more where that came from, Abel, an' in good time we'll have them. Don't hurry busi ness. You're younger than me, and I'm willing to wait. Let us fix up matters here first, and then we'll begin on the other. What's that creeping along yonder ? A nigger, eh ? Pot him over, Abel,' the hunchback broke off suddenly, pointing to a dark object creeping through the scrub not more than fifty yards distant. Raising the musket, Bloomfield fired, and as the smoke cleared away, they saw the black form lying still in the scrub. Running to a heap of timber some thirty feet away, Jarvis picked up his firearm which was stand ing against the pile, and rejoining his companion, they cautiously went to the thicket, where the body of a young aboriginal was found lying. Thinking he was dead, Bloomfield stooped to turn him, when, to his surprise, the young native rose to his knees in abject terror. Lifting his musket the hunchback was about to dash out the miserable wretch's brains, when his companion restrained him. ' Wait j). moment, Jarvis. If this fellow isn't badly injured it may suit us to keep him alive. We must have help of some sought sooner or later. He doesn't look a bad sort. Let's see where he is hurt, and try a little kind ness with him,' spoke Bloomfield. He and Jarvis had more than once discussed the question of their physical incapacity to carry out the plans they had formed, but hitherto the problem had not been capable of solution. In fact the native who now crouched before them was the first they had seen in the neighbourhood. As a matter of fact, whatever additional labour they required must necessarily be black, and though it was not of much account, it would be better than none at all. As Bloomfield spoke, the dwarf lowered the musket and made a hasty examination of the young black. The only injury he had sustained was a grazed shoulder, and it was simply abject fright which caused him to be prone. Lifting him to his feet each man seized an arm and led him towards the retreat in the glen. ' Our only chance with this nigger is to treat him with kindness,' began Bloomfield ; ' and we may as well begin at once. You can handle the medicine-chest, and that of itself will have a big effect on him. This cut on his shoulder must be smarting him, and a good pannican of rum will set him up. I think we'll manage him, Jarvis.' ' He'll likely go and tell the tribe where we live, and then the thieving brutes will rob us if we ain't careful,' was the surly reply of Jarvis. 'Not much fear of that, Jarvis. Those lockers you've made would keep the black devils out for a year. Besides, we are always at hand, and these aborigines have a holy terror of fire arms. See how well it acted on this chap.' While they were thus talking, their place of abode was .reached, which was a mass of strength. ' The sleeping apartment was ingeniously arranged with a view to safety, but as one man always watched while the other slept, it was not regarded as of such importance as the safe custody of the goods. The aboriginal was led into the outer apartment, and Jarvis at once set about bandaging his shoulder, while Bloomfield offered him a panni can of rum, which he signed to him to drink, and the order was obeyed. As the rum was highly diluted it did noi taste very extraordinary to the nigger, but its effect was soon apparent in the bolder demeanour of the prisoner. This is what Bloomfield expected. In the course of a week so well did the two men manage the young black that he became tractable, and it was recog nised that he was likely to prove a useful member of the small party. It was gleaned from this native, whom Bloomfield named Pera, that his tribe lived within ten miles of the glen, but he showed no disposition to join them. After a while the men were able to understand the sign language of the youth, and soon they taught him ordinary and necessary words which made communication with him much easier. When this was accomplished the three set about to build their tiny schooner. Jarvis being a first-class carpenter, the work was not so difficult as might be thought. To Be Continued. 