-B-im^'Q^l&M-P-Tb;&-GW-ESIN& 'CLUB. HAPPY JACI0YINS THE PRESIDENT' ' ' ^ STAKES. . The fourth meeting of this club was brougbjt. to a conclusion under favorable circumstauccis yesterday. The weather was fine, and theic was a good attendance. The principal everit on the programme, the President's Stakes, wals wen by Happv Jack, a splendid dog, owned by Mr. J. B. Pearson, M.L.C., of Gippsland, and trained by Walter Melrose, of Essendon, tlte runner-up being Outlaw, belonging to Mr. II. 0\. Taylor, of Ballarat. Mr. E. W. Petersen, of Echuca, took first and second money in thjc Bondigo Stakes with Mullie Riley a,ul Feat nought, while the popular president of (lie club, Mr. H. Burridge, won the trophy and first and second money in the Eaglehawk Stakes with Barleycorn and Battler. Some fine hares were K'fc loose'and good sport provided, the course?,, especially the deciding one in the President's Stakes and that between Battler and Piper II. in the Eaglehawk Stakes being alone worth the journey to the plumpton to witness. ! Mr. I). C. Collard, of Baringhup, and Mr. G. F. Turner, of Echuca, again discharged the dutie3 of judge and slipper respectively, and gave geueral satisfaction. Mr. C. P. Burridge, the active secretary of the club (his colleague, Mr. Hemming, being unable by reason of other engagements to attend), is deserving of special mention for the manner in which he carried out his duties, while Messrs. S. Lazarus avid J. Pierce as stewards rendered valuable services.; The accident which happened to l)unloe, a promising puppy by Tennyson-Flora, be longing to Messrs. Hodgc3 Bros., of Gce'.ong, inthe Bendigo Stakes on Wednesday resulted fatally. The dog after striking a post, and get ting iiis muzz'e caught in a vermin proof wire fence while in hot pursuit of a hare, managed to extricate himself, and was able to walk back to the members' paddook. Ho was bleeding from the mouth, but 110 seriousconsequences were expected. During the night, however, lie died. Following arc the details of the coursing : - PRESIDENT'S STAKES, 10 dogs, all ages, at £-5 5s each ; winner, £50, with trophy value £t2 10s, the gift of the president (Mr. II. Burridge); 'runner-up, £20 ; third and-fourth dogs, £6 10s each.-Final course-J. B. Pearson's f d Happy Jack, Merrie Monarch-Tailoress, beatH. J. Taylor's f d Outlaw, Hopetoun-Deanitc. Happy Jack was favorite at 2 to 1 on. Ho led up to the hare-a sLrong one-and turned, when Outlaw put in some good work. Ilappy Jack then got in again, and some give-and-take work was done right down the ground, the hare getting away safely. The course resulted in favor of Happy Jack by a couple of points, Outlaw beir.<* runner-up. with H. Burridge's bk b Busy Bee, Livingstono-Beehive Rosf, and her sister, Brunette, filling third and fourth places. 1 BEX woo STAKES, 1G puppies at £2 2s each. Winner, £21; runner-up, £3 Ss; third and fourth dogs, £2 2s each.-Second ties-E. JW. Peterson's bk d Fearnought, Fearless-Nora. Crina beat C. and E. Tinworth's f and w d i Walnut II., Hazelnut-Playmate. Fearnought i led up and killed his hare almost immediately. B. W. Peterson's 1" b Mollic Riley, Ghost-. -Winnie, beat F. IX Kenyon's Red Bird (late Federal City), His Majesty-Forget-me-not. Red Bird had a slight lead up, but the Echuea bitch then got possession of the hare, and kept there right through the course, the dog simply galloping after her. As Fearnought and Mollie .Riley belong to the same owner they did not run off the final course. ? EAGLF.IIAWK STAKV.S, 16 dogs all ages, at £1 Is each. Winner, £10 10s, with trophy valued £7 7s, the gift of a few Eaglehawk members.; runner up, £4 4s ; third and fourth dogs, £1 13 each. Second tics-H. Burridge's f d Barley corn, Livingstone ?- Beehive Rose beat W. Matthews' ns Bob Ridley O, Robin Adair Charm. After a short undecided course in which the hare was killed, the dogs were again put in the slips. Barleycorn led up and turned, maintaining the lead until about three-quarters of the ground had been covered, when Bob managed to get in and killed.- H. Burridge's fd Battler, Livingstone-Beehive Rose beat J. Owen's fd Pijer II, Piper-Morning Light. Both dogs were together up to the hare when Battier secured the first turn. Piper II then got in, but Battler did not allow him to retain the advantage. A good course resulted in favor of Battler, the hare getting safely through the escapes. As Mr. Burridge owns both Battler and Barley corn, the deciding course wis-not run off. At the conclusion of the-day's sport Mr. J. Munday, 011 behalf of the owner, offered Mollie Riley for sale by auction, the bitch being secured by Mr. W. locating for £13 15s. lear nouaht- was passed in at- £0 9s, and Outlaw was supposed to have changed hands at £31, but some doubts existed as to whether or not ti sale was c fleeted. Yesterday afternoon the trophies were pre sented to the winners at the Beehive Exchange in the presence of a number of sporting gentle men. The president, Mr. Burridge, hinded over his trophy, a handsome French marble 21 day clock and" the first prize money, a cheque for £59. In doing so, he expressed his gratification at- seeing that the event had been won bv such a genuine supporter of the sport as Mr. Pearson. Air. A. B. Pearson, in receiving the tropin-on behalf of his brother, intimated that they "would be present at the meetings of the club next year. The trophy presented by a few Eaglehawk members, a valuable silver tea and coffee service, was handed over to the winner'of the Eaglehawk Stakes, Mr. Burridga, who suitably responded. On the motion of Mr. M, Conolan, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to the judge and slipper . for the manner in which they had discharged their duties. Mr. Turner replied on behalf of himself and Mr. Collard, who had had to leave for home. The president moved a hearty vote of thanks to Messrs. S. Lazarus and J. Pierce for the valuable , assistance they had rendered as stewards, not only 011 this occasion,._b.u.t ..at-, previous, meets 'Tiins. Mr." W. Keating seconded the re solution, which was supported by Mr. M. Hardi man, of Melbourne, who incidentally remarked that he had attended coursing meetings all over Australia, and he considered that tha biggest opening for a successful club was in Bendigo. (Hear,"hear.) The motion was carried unani mously, and Mr. Lazarus responded lor Mr. Pierce and himself Mr. J. Munday, in a. eulogistic 6peech, proposed " Success to the Bendigo Plumpton Coursing Club." The toast was cordially drunk,- and the president ac knowledged the compliment on behalf of the club. The "Visitors", and. " Press." wore also toasted, and the proceedings terminated. It has not yet been definitely decided whether thp club will hold another meeting this season cjr not, but in the event oi their doing so it will bp duly advertised. . ; 