A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Workman.) Oil Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home ot Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45, Crown-lane, Ultimo. He wis discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to auswer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness and a period of pain it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he aaid:—" You want to know all about mv case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got BO bad that I had to leave pff work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pittstreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms*'" "Simply indescribable. The pains were omething terrible. They were just about as uch as I could bear. They were for all the orld like as if a saw were cutting my bones n two in every part of me. I had no control ver my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance o myself and every one else. I was inessantly shivering and shaking, and could either eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last saw a well-known doctor, and he told me hat my case was utterly hopeless. However, e gave me an order to the Director of haritable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I cou'd not get out of bed. 1 felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spjnal cord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Worlciwin, by D Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite ana rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used thein. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I nas too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this 6tick, and I hope sopn to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 par cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, an 1 all the feeling has come back in my legs. If 1 keep on going the way I am I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. Thei' have Baved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating paiu. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; Mr. J. S. T. McGowen, leader of the Labour party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was Been by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. McGowen srya he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. McGowen was. therefore, Hkeeveryoneclsewhoknewthe facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Wiliiams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams 1 Medicine Coy., Queen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for '2s. t)d., or h dozen for 14s. 9J. 