I NEWS AND NOTES I . . IN A I ; NUTSHELL. I THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN I -Tlie terrible Turk I ' At his old uiurderiug ways. I Willie Phillips od trial to-day. Pleads I net euilfv. I The R.M.S. Rome left Suez for Aus- I ' Iralia ou the evening of the 11th. I New South .Wales Lancers nud Gun- I &crs; entertained by the Mayor of Mel- I bourne. I . Faction fighting still going on Iu I ! Crete. Sharp tussling on the heights I sear Cuuea. Tlie Turkish Governor ut I Canea is oaklug tlie Porte that the I . Moslem refugees may be supplied with I . inns, I - AMiUJJnjiiuils la trpuWeagnin; There I have'beon great massacres in Aimlollti, I apparently of a very serious nature. Sir I Philip Currie, our Ambassador at Con- I stautlnople, has called upon the Sultan I for prompt and effective action. I About forty witnesses are to be called I lu the arbitration ease between the Pul>- lie Works Department and Fcurson's I Trustees, iu which about 1-1 acres of I land by the side of the Ynrrn, near tlie I Botanical Gardens, are In dispute. I While In Asia Minor tbe Turk Is cut- I ting the throats of some more Arme- | nlans.In Crete, when lie gets the chance, I he Is pillaging the houses of the Chris tians. Take him how you will, he Is a 'difficult pei-son to deal with, Is your , Turk. . More of the doings of the French lu :-Ehc island. oMtalatea told in a cable message from Auckland this evening. \- The rebellion of natives has been com pletely suppressed, nnd the French are letting about the work of civilisation lu what appears to be a very earnest fas- blou. The Italians did the firing wheu those 1 police at Canea iK'cnme mutinous a few days ago. Evidently they were provok- ' ed to It by being fired upon. Now the Italian commander Is deinundlug the arrest of rluglcaders. One of them Imp- pens to be u gendarme attached to the British Embassy. Elizabeth A. .Livingstone, a barmaid, charged with conspiring with William Lloyd to defraud Henry Jones, of Wagga iWagga, of two horses, a watch, chain, and L44 10a (the whole of tbe -value of . 1/130), was brought iip at the City Court to-day. Ob the application of Detective Fryer she won remanded to appear at Albury. As In tho Cuban war of Independence, . dynamite has been Introduced into tbe conflict between- the Macedonian! 'Inde pendents nnd their Turkish masters. A troop train, currying 3000 Turkish sol diers", appareutly eu route'to tlie Greek frontier, wrecked by dynamite near Salonicit. Many of the soldiers drown ed, but no further particulars are pivoh. The attack on Dongola at the Naval and Milltnry Tournament on Saturday Is generally admitted to have been the most renllstlc spectueulur military dis play yet seen In the colony, ami created great enthusiasm In the audience. Each detail seems to have lK?en care fully thought out. Every branch of tlie forces of the colony was represented, ibont 800 troops taking part. "What is a reputed pint, Iu the terms of tlie Licensing Act?" was a question asked at the Malvern Police Court to day. One of the witnesses > for (he Crown, an excise official, said that It oieaht- half the quantity of liquor con- lained.ln an ordinary wine bottle, if >. it /'reputed pint" must be consider- tbly .loss than a stuudnrd plut. The Bench thought it was a dcbatcable p'lnt, Where Is the Psychical Research Boclety? There Is a piece of land near tbc Botanical Gardens, ou the bank, of the Yarra, on which there is an old ricketty building alleged -to- ho haunted by. 8. ghost! The piece of land In qucs- . .Hon -la to be tnkou by the Public Works \- UfiparUuenL for: the purpose of the | widening. 'of tho Yarra. Its present I owncra,.Pcaiju,%/rrustees, want more thai: .Hie LTtQw 'which the Government K-wllKug to j>ay for. tlie land, and the riiM' Jsjlhow .iu arbitration,- Is there !o be. ronipcusatlon for disturbance to tbe bout-'."' ' Reudlgo stock market quiet this morn ing. The market was fairly active on tlie Bulla rat Stock Exchange this morn ing. William Myles Phillips on trial to-day on a charge of murdering Thomas Wil liam Brady. By Gauut'a Instruments at noon to ! day the readings were :— Barometer, 30.121. falling. Thermometer— In the sun. 12odvg.: shade. Tldeg. \- William- M.vles Phillips was very quiet Jn his demeanor In Court to-day. He looked pale, but not otherwise as though his Incarceration and the an xiety of his position had affected him to any great extent. The Railway Committee will probably defer making Its proposed visit to Tas mania to inspect the narrow-gauge line, to which Sir William Zeal directed at tention, uuril Mr TreuwltU returns from the Federal Convention. The late Mr Henry Forgusou 41 died suddenly and In a peculiar manner," ac cording to Mr Corr, barrister. But the Uldef Justice declines to ussuine that the gemleinan' wns murdered. Still, as they #iiy la .tnelodrauia, "the plot .thick-1 In his opening address Iu the . Brady ease, Mr Walsh, Q.C„ who prosecutes for the Crown, said nothing new, and gave but a skeleton sketch of the case. Before the jury was eiujwnuelled in tbe Elizabeth street ease to-day the ac cused Phillips challenged eighteen jur ors, and tbe Crown ordered six to stand aside. William 'Buck, who was recently ac quitted nt the Court of General Ses sions on charges of assanltlug the |>olicc, was ngulu- arrested to-day by Plaln- clothos-Constnble Appleby. He was charged with threatening the life of a young woman nmn'ed Mary Pearee, at 2o(l Exhibition street, and was locked up nt the City watch-house. Buck will appear to-morrow mornJng. It was broadly hinted during the pro gress of tlie Kennedy v. Jones case to day that the old man, Henry Ferguson, was poisoned through drinking beer. Evi dence was given tluit Mr Ferguson was seized with a fit of vomltlug Immediate ly after drinking some . beer, und that he "died on the same afternoon. The Chief Justice, however, considered the testimony Irrelevant, as the issues be fore the Court were not affected by the nmuiicr of tlie old gentleman's death. So far in the trial p£ William M.vles Phillips on the charge of inurduring Thomas William Brady, hardly one new fact 1ms come to light, but thou ouly tbe fringe of the case has been en tered upon. Mr Fink's cross-examina tion of Mr Cooper was directed to wards showing that rhilllps aud Brady wore very intimate, aud tbut Brady's accounts were not correct; but ou the latter point Mr Cooper said tluit, though a speciul audit of the books luis been lu progress, nothing incorrect had been discovered up to the present. 