AN iCRIAL PHANTOM. BT A BANKER. Amongst the strangest of all natural phenomena may be included that remark able optical effect linown as the mirage, or fata morgana. The cause which pro duces this singular and somewhat iare spectacle is at present but imperfectly understood; it is however assumed that an aqueous condition of the atmosphere mast exist, sufficiently dense so as io form a sort of mirror, more or less concave, npon which the objects in the Tituiitj are reflected and magnified, the apparent effect being that they are brought appreciably nearer to the be holder. The writer has ou two occasions been fortunate in witnessing the pheno menon in the South of England. A con siderable number of ships were .-ailing on the horizon, when gradually a most i extraordinary appearance presented itself, for over each vessel appeared an inverted j duplicate, a veritable phantom ship, the j top of the mainmast resting upon the '? corresponding part of the real ship. As > the vessel tacked, so the course of the ! phantom was altered: as a sail was i lowered, so the phantom sailors, standing on their heads, lowered a phantom sail; i every movement of the real and sub stantial vessel being exactly imitated by . its spectral companion ; the one, how ? ever, being apparently equally real and j solid as the other. Every vessel in sight | had its doable, following it about over . head as a living nightmare ; every sailor , on deck had an inverted ghost, who ' copied his every motement with exact precision; if he ran up the ratlines the . spectre ran down to meet hini; returning upwards to his overhanging declc when the living; sailor descended. If he saluted his superior officer the spectre did the same at the same moment, as if the two were auimated by the same j-owcr. After a time all thi-s vanished away, and, " lake the baseless fabric of a vision, Left not a wraith behind." Occasionally this phenomenon is observed to invert high in air objects far below the horizon, bringing them within the range of vision of an observer situated far beyond the natural range. In this way some of Sir John Franklin's ships were ; discovered : and in the English Channel, ; Dieppe has been seen from Dover, even the fishing boats in the harbor, the buildings, and the different color of the land on the heights being also visible. J Of course, this w:is ordinarily quite out > of sight, being below the horizon. This form of miragii occasionally - happens in", the desert in a most tantalising manner, for the weary traveller sees, a short ; distance in front of him, a beautiful oasis, palms waving in a refreshing breeze, which be feels not in the parch ing, sultry, heavy air, green grass on which he hopes to resale his exhausted camels, pools.of delicious water rippling in the moving air, to which he hurries on in j order to assuage his burning thirst, and to bathe his Iwated and weary limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, impetuous for a draught of that cool ana. grateful liquid, when to his dismay and hopeless despair he finds that it was all but a tantalising illusion, which has faded away into nothing, dashing all his hopes . of pleasure to the ground, and leaving him to plod his weary wa3' over the hot, burning sand. And do not very many of j of us in onr pursuit of pleasure exactly , repeat this traveller's experience, and J find that the pleasure we had been I eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ruin of ! soul and body, was but an insubstantial ' mirage, which eluded our ardent grasp, and left us a panting and exhausted wreck, ruined both for this world and for the next f Bnt there are pleasures, solid . and lasting pleasures, so ecstatic that the . mind of man is incapable even' of con ceiving their overwhelming glory, which are accessible to all who care to possess them. And the ouly way to secure an inheritance to those pleasures is to " Fear God,and keep His commandments," the afonem ent made once for all by the Saviour of of the woild being a sure and absolute passport to all who will but accept it. ._ 