THE SKETGHER. I I THE MAJOR'S GHOST. By JANE ERSKIKE. | Soon after Jack and I were married we ; decided to try a country life. We soon , heard of a place near Sydney, exactly suit i able, excepting two drawbacks attached, I This we heard, not from the agent who j wanted to sell, but from a neighbouring j farmer. I "The place is good enough," he said, in answer to our inquiry, "except for ghosts and snakes." Jack had known haunted places in Eng land, and snakes were to be expected in Australia, so, nothing daunted, we bought j the farm. It was bounded on one side by j the George's River. This was its snake re gion. On two other sides by the property i of Mr. Scarvell. He had lately inherited '. it from his uncle, Major Scarvell, who had j shot himself after serious losses at cards. I Hence our ghost. On our other side we had the neighbour who had given us the infor mation about the -snakes and ghost. We called the place Narrabri. Jack would have a native name. I did not care so much about it, being more accustomed to " blacks'" language than he was; but he said it was "delightfully uncommon." Major Scarvell had called his estate Meadowbank, after his father's place in 'e==fT ^d^at Meadowbank there had, m Sat revelries, ending in the catos 6 . . i j n<u1 if fj> Iw RhnnAM -lcen. Jhich had caused it to be shunned trop ,i,rk Its present owner, Charles II was now in England at college, but nvneeted soon to return. .His mother, v,"aS.<T - had a large estate near Mudgee, . r"»Mrwui. 01Z, 'icd couple were in charge at Meadow * ? The house had been shut up since. tll 0f the major about a year ago. i n.fr cottage at Narrabri was small, though j ' ,ue. Jack and I had great interest ] Inl miusement in planning alterations to;, it to our requirements. He carried j B "'i.:., own ideas in a emokingroom, alsoi wh and dressing room; while my energies , crc'spent in planning a ne^ our own apartment as possible. The old Saving and dining rooms would do very Si, owning bo pleasantly on the verandah. Thcv only required painting and papering. Wc'"oon had as cosy a nest as Jack and I, and our one child and two servants could £ When we were fairly settled I began to have ideas outside our own domain, and a riesile to explore the neighbourhood. Soj Siy at lunch I said, "Jack, I ehatt walk across the paddock to Meadowbank, and Kpp the housekeeper about some poultry I .vallt " "All right, Susie/' said Jack. "I "m TiUK down to the. river wit* Hodge about some saplings." "Mind the snakes, Jack." "Yes; and you can mind the ghost, S The weather had been very hot, but to div there was a soft breeze from the south. Ti e house at Meadowbank was on rising ground. Wc climbed the hill under an avenue of gum-trees, which terminated at a large white gate leading into the stable van| ut the back of the house. From the, yard a small gate opened into a flower-gar den, «»d the path, bordered by sweet eceuted pinks, led to the verandah and front ^°T'found the housekeeper, Mrs. Pigott, in her t'idy kitchen, looking the picture of neatness in her clean cap and apron, cue .was sewing busily. Evidently it was darn in" and mending day. I introduced myself oS°the new occupant of Narrabri, where upon the good dame dropped me an old-) fashioned curtsey and bade me welcome, re vealing at once that she was an old family servant of the sort fast disappearing from the face of the earth. After some preliminaries she became con fidential. She was froin Cornwall. She, and her mother before her, had lived m Fir George Trevelyan's family for years. Her husband was the son of the game keeper on the estate; but lie had become: restless-here there was evidently a dark episode in Pigott's life. It was not told on this occasion, but years after I learned dear; old Sirs. Pigott's secret cause of sorrow and ! sadness. Then Sir George advised them to emigrate. On their arrival in Sydney they were engaped by Major Scarvell, and had lived at Meadowbank ever since. I "You were here when he died, Mrs. j Pigott?" . ^ . I "Oh, yes, I was here, ma am, and a dread-; ful time it was. The major was a good, kind master, and it was my pleasure to j serve him day or night-and a quiet gentle- j man, too; but on Saturdays there always came some young officers from Sydney, and they had a merry time until Monday, when they ail cleared out, and we had a quiet house again. There was young Cap tain O'Connell, full of fun and spirit, up to every game and nonsense, making them all laugh and carry on day and night too. I don't think there was much harm in him, really, and the major was very fond of him; but he, poor fellow, was drowned in a boat accidcnt in the harbour, and the major took it very much to heart, and after that he drank rather freely, and when the officers came up it was not the same-tliey were a quieter lot, and there was no laugh ing and joking as there used to be; they seemed mostly older men, who just sat down to drink and play cards seriously. I noticed a great change in the major, and I made free to speak one morning when he was alone and very dull,and moody-like. "1 said, 'Do you think, sir, a change up the country or somewhere would do you good? I think _ you need it!' 'Yes, Mrs. Pigott,' he said, 'I am thinking of taking a change, but it will be a long one.' That night a Captain Mur ray came, and brought with him from Syd ney a gentleman I had never seen before. The major seemed pleased to see thenij and I was fiUul he had company, for I was grieved all day to see him weary and depressed. He was restless, too, and did not sit and read on the verandah as usual. He walked into the kitchen several times, and seemed as if he did not likeTto be alone. '"So when the gentlemen came I was glad, and set to work to cook them a good dinner-but the dinner was very quiet, the Major did not. seem touch a good .host, and was not telling any 6! his old stories that used to keep the company so merry and bo; jovial. After dinner, when I- took in the coilee, the Major said, !Bring some glasses *? 'resh water from the spring, Mrs. Pigott, and go to. bed, we. shall want nothing more.' 'Nothing ., more,' poor gentleman-it was very true-I could never uo more for him alive. *Yes, ma'am* ,it vaj; a sad and awful night.' "Would you like to See over the house?" sue asked. .. - ? "Well, I should if it is not troubling you too much." "I am pleased to show you, come this Way." The rooms were well furnished, and gave me the impression that the owner had been a man of refinement and culture. There was that indescribable something* that rooms do have-stamped, as it were, with tjie impress, pervaded with the essence, ot the character and mind of the occupier. 1 Know a lady's room that always feels, on entrance as if it were a cathedral-a curious suggestion of sanctity arrests one at the there ^owever we may have arrived .So with poor Major Scarvell's well-fur "ished libraiy and diningroom, there was an «»uncHve feeling that he was a gentleman. all that his housekeeper had described to be. ^rs- Pigott opened a door * at the ,rntl of the diningroom; it led in to a yerandah room, with a door into the f^en. "I seldom open this;" she said. .1)10 stains are here still, end always will « ilV* yl® boards are taken away. I ex pect Mr. Charles will have it done when he COllH'8." here*"* expec*' himsoon. Will he live wether seems to think so,bnt I ::.whV?" 0 Via'auu tbSDoor R&iS;? nsvw tw* found rest. Pigott and I have known a! similar case in Cornwall." ^ , Here I felt creepy, and wished Jack had I come with me. do you mean, Mrs. Pigott?" I Well, ma am, the major is about, God rest his soul, and there is no use denying ;;why do you think so?" Pigott and I and others have seen him, mostly on his white horse-hi» 'charger,' he always called it-a very fine animal he rode. ] ana never looked so handsome as when he , was on that horse's back. Mr. Charles's j mother wanted some of the pictures and i i books for the house at Mudgee. They-were ' ; Packed and loaded on a dray she had sent' ? tor them, but they never got through the j big gate. The horses would never face it. 1 1 hey trembled violently every time they I were brought up to it, and at last fell and broke the shafts. So, we wrote and told the lady, and she answered, 'Put the things back again;' and so we did, exactly as they ? u'TeTj-an s'noe that it has been quieter; i but Pigott and I have heard and Been more I than we care to tell, for we were much at 1 tached to the dear master." I At this moment the sleeve of my jacket caught a book-rest, which fell with a crash, in a second I had reached the Idtchen door, T, "'J not realise what had 'happeneq ; until Mrs, Pigott reassured me as to the j cause of my fright. My nerves were shaken. ? | 1 was glad to get out into the air, and; bidding a hasty good-bye to Mrs. Pigott, who stood lamenting that she had tola me j about it, I stammered something about not bemg "used to ghosts," and rushed down the hill'towards my own little home, which looked so pretty nestling in the gum* j trees across the paddock. ' ' A fast walk through the fresh air helped i to restore my nerves, and I was glad to see e ^stance coming to meet me. Well, Susie, you are walking at a great Do you think the ghost is after you?" Hush, Jack; we must never laugh about it again. It is serious." He laughed loudly. I looked in his face to express mv indignation. 1 "Hush, Jack, you look scared." . "Y.eR> I am scared, as you call it. I have just had my first encounter with a snake, and I feel very queer. I thought at first I was bitten. Hodge and I were turning over some saplings. Presently I saw a snake close to my hand. It lifted its horrid-look ing head. ^ I called out, and Hodge soon de spatched it with a stick; but it unnerved me^ I confess." ' Oh, that is nothing. Jack. You only have to be careful, especially about timber. It is nothing compared with my experiences to-day. There is something in that ghost story. | "I have no doubt there is," said Jack, with merriment that made me angry. "There is always something in a story, if there is nothing in a ghost." As we walked home together I related all I had heard from Mrs. Pigott. He laughed heartily at the fright that sent me out of the house, flying homewards. That night we were engaged to dine with a neighbour, four miles away. Dinners were not a usual form of entertainment in the neighbourhood, but these good people, Mr. and Mrs. Dymond, were rather more cere monious and ambitious than their neigh bours. They lived at a pretty place called Glenfield. We enjoyed a pleasant dinner, and liked our host very much. The lady was not quite so genial, but was kindly disposed, and told me something of the neighbours, who were all strange to me. Amongst others she mentioned the Rev.1 John Tyson, and his family. The eldest son was an idle sort of fellow, absurdly fond of practical jokes. At this moment Jack and Mr. Dyrnqna entered the drawingroom. I "Have you met Vernon Tynon, Mr. Cuth bert?" 1 "Yes, I met him yesterday," replied, Jack. "What a queer-looking fellow he J is, untidily dressed, and a rough cus tomer." "I am told he amuses himself by frighten ing the small boys with ghost stories and practical jokes." ~ f "Ah, ghost stories," said Jack. 'We are\ in a haunted neighbourhood, I hear. My wife was scared to-day, and thought the ghost was behind her." At which everyone laughed. To hide my confusion, I told them of Jack's snake encounter. Then various snake stories were related, and remedies discussed, so that our ghost was forgotten, and it was time for us *\Ve shall get home soon after twelve," said Jack, looking at his watch. , Twelve! the ghostly hour, I thought, and i remembered that we were to drive home by 1 ? a short cut through one of the Major's pad docks. We had a very comfortable buggy, and a good pair of fast horses. Along the road we drove slowly at night, fearing to run into travelling* drays without lights, as often as not on their wrong side, and the drivers asleep. The night was rather dark, and it was a relief when we entered by the slip-panels into the Meadowbank paddock, and now, all clear and downhill, we could , bowl away at a good pace. I Rave the reins | into Jack's hand as he seated himself by my j side after having fixed up the rails. "All snug, Susie," he Said, and away we went. "What is it?" said Jack. ' "What is it?" I echoed. In front of us ] was ja .white horse, and on its back was a figure dearly defined by streaks of light, as if drawn with a pencil of fire. It was the j distinct outline of a military man-epau- j lettes, cocked hat, end drawn sword. It seemed to travel at an even pace just in front of us. The distance never seemed to | change, though we appeared to be travelling faster than the stately figure, which seemed not to move, and yet was always before us.' Our horses began to plunge and go faster,, when suddenly the white horse disap-J npAT*cd» Jack tried to pull np the horses as we drew near our own Rate, andv just suc ceeded in doing so. We did not speak. He gave me the reins, and got out to open the j gate At this moment the figure, awful to relate, jumped up beside me in the buggy. Jack had his back to us, pushing open the ga"Drive in, Susie," he called. I had no power to move or to scream, and the next ( thing I saw were Jack's hands, all alight, as he grappled with the figure, dragged it out ;of the buggy, and swore he would soon make 9- ghost of it. The figure foupd tongue, and sued for mercy under Jacks blows, dealt with skiU by a man who had learned the useful art of uelf-defence. Then, nicking up the limp creature by the back l of the coat, he. shook him like a rat, and, demanded his name. ... ,,. "Easy there, easy," groaned the would-be ghost. "I only meant it for a joke. "Your n&mLmr;" demanded Jack, with another good' shake. " , <fr . ' "fSfever mmd jay u§ K&sceft.; Let me catch my horse and go. I promise never. tomolest you again. You have the pluck' of the.denL" "Yes," said Jack; "you have other metal I j here, you coward, frightening weak men ] i and women. Grive me your name that I j may know who is the fool that plays the ghost in this place." i "Ne^er mind who I am." "I do mind, and I hold you here, and Bhake you, top, until you give up your name. Another shake brought groans and a despairing cry for mercy. "Name?" "My name," between catches in his breath, "my name-is-James-Smith." I "Susie," said Jack, whose breath was short after his exertions, "reach me the buggy lamp. I shall have a good look at James Smith, that I may know him again. I tremblingly obeyed, and I held the light up. "All right," said Jack, "all right, Mr. Vernon Tyson. I shall know you next time, and my advice to you is to stay at home and mind your father's school in future." The strands of phosphorus, that now showed a dim light up and down the crest fallen creature made him look ludicrous in the starlight, and the last we saw of him was crawling on hands and knees to get as far away from Jack as he could now t that he was let loose. We drove home silently. As Jack lifted me out of the buggy he said:-"That is the way to treat ghosts, Susie. You were a i plucky little girl to sit still and not scream I or faint or anything to unnerve a man." "I think you are a hero, Jack." And I kissed my brave boy. The nest day I hur ried to tell Mrs. Pigott about it, and who the ghost was. She listened attentively, I I looked quietly at me through her speetacles, I and eaid calmly, shaking her wise old head:-"Yes", my dear young lady; but that (was not the Major!" 