THE MYSTERY OF A NAME. A Present-Day Romance. CHAPTER VII. Robert Grange made a point of being one of the first arrivals at Mrs Stone's that evening, partly to save himself the confusion of being announoed before the entire company, and partly in the hope of being. 11 there - in — time to f/i watch ivatnli Miss Mine Maty ATowr Smith' Rtnifli'a entrance. In this he was successful, being, indeed, the first gentleman to put in an appe&ranoe; at all, and Mrs Stone, fortunately for him, met him just outside the drawing-room door, where she greeted him most effusively, and overwhelmed him with her gratitude for the honor he was doing her. Thus he was able to have a few minutes' conversation qnite privately with her, in the course of which he begged her not to introduce people to him on the strength of his name, and repeated the fact' that he greatly disliked being f&fced.; He could hardly help smiling at her expression of gratified importance as she assured him how flattered she felt at sharing a secret with him, and she wished that Vansturt could have been with him, not only to join' in the joke, but to help him to carry it through should any . difficulties arise. Many as his adventures had been, he had lever met with one of this description before. Gradually the rooms filled, and being occupied in receiving her guests, Mrs Stone quite forgot for the time, the existence of the illustrious stranger, and to his delight he was left to his own devices. He stood near the door, leaning against the wall, and eagerly scanning the face of every girl who entered the room. Mostly the announcement of their names was swallowed up in the buzz of talk going on around, and so many arrived together that some were never announced at all, so he had plenty of opportunity of criticising the young ladies and wondering; which in all that crowd was the one he had come so far to see. He had not seen Mary's photograph, so had only a vague notion of what sort of girl to look for, for though Vansturt had described her to him as well as s a he could, such descriptions are almost necessarily misleading, bo many people in f the world seem to be made after one pattern as far as mere features and complexion go. Thus it happened that Bob fixed on no fewer than three girls as perfectly possible Miss Smiths. Not that they were a bit alike, but they were all rather tall, had good figures, nice complexions, {aces that were neither pretty nor plain, and they all looked about the age of fourand-twenty. The worst -of it was that he iras not well pleased with any of them, and decided that one looked sour, another etupid, and the third sly. As he watched them he felt he had made a mistake, and began to wonder whatever could have induced him to come oh suoh a foolish errand. Indeed, it would be hard to. explain what motive had led him to come, beyond the gratification of anindolent sort of curiosity on the subject of his name, and had he had anyone belonging to him at home or anything that had needed his presence there and given him occupation, he most probably would not have thought twice about going to look for Mary Smith. He was revolving in his mind whether he should slip out while no one noticed him and go back to his hotel, or should ask hie host to introduce him to any of the three, and if so to which, when the servant unonnced, in tones surely louder than «ny he had used before— " Kiss Smith!" _ . .. . . .. - Gauge started -and' looked towards the door. There was no mistake this-time; not only was the name •correct, bnt. he actually seemed to recognise her as the girl of whom young Harper had spoken so enthusiastically. She looked the sort' of girl one would be enthusiastic -about, though why, it would be hard to say. She was quite alone, but seemed to feel no awkwardness from the fact, though the room was crowded and many people stopped to greet her even before she reached her hostess. Her movements were neither unduly hurried nor slow enough to suggest that fine ladylike indifference which seems to some of ns so very like bad manners. She wore the new white dress that Mrs Smith had so wished her to wear at the Bectory dinner-party a month or two before ; the fact, though uninteresting in itself, is worthy of notice because it gave the whole company something to -talk about for the next ten minntes or'so y some of the ladies ridiculing it because it was so very plain, and most of the gentlemen admiring it for its extreme simplicity. l Bob, certain that this at last was the •sdy he was in quest of, made a step or' two forward, almost fancying that he had the right to speak to her ; he recollected himself in time, however, but was near enough to hear her cordial congratulations to Mr and Mrs Stone, and to admire the pleasant tones of-her voice. When she made way for the next comers, he kept as near to her aa he could and listened as she aooosted an elderly lady who was sitting Close by. '' How do you do, Mrs Harper F" she said. " I am so glad you are here; mother said that you teld her you were afraid you would not be able to come." " I did not think that I would come," answered Mrs Harper, in a tone that implied that she had not thought it worth while, "and I should not have done so, only that Miss Jones had no one to come with, and very rightly was of opinion that it was not quite ladylike to go to a party herself. You are not so shy." "No," said Mary quite simply, "I am not shy, I should not care to enter a room full of strangers by myself, though if it had to be done of course I should do it; but I think it would be too affectedly prudish to mind here, where I know everyone. Besides, 1 am older than Miss Jones." "Tes," assented Mrs Harper, drily, "a good deal older. So you got a new dress for the ocoarion; it made you quite conspicuous as you came in." "I am glad it was such a success," replied Mary, looking complacently at the folds of her white silk, as if she desired nothing better than that it Bhonld occasion remark, though in reality she thought less than most girls do about her-clothes. " It u satisfactory to know that when one has a new frock it is recognised as such. To change the subject, I wanted to tell you that I had a letter from Willie this morning." "Did youf We did not," said Mrs [ know j he bad not time to write to us both this week, and he has not written to me before at all; and then he knew I would tell you all the news. He is very bright and cheerful, though of course he niisseB yon all very much——'* "tTe, my dear Mary?" interrupted the elder lady somewhat irritably, "X think he is more likely to miBB you than any of 118." As Mary had predicted, Willie's mother hadneverquiteforgivenher for having engrossed so muoh of his last day at home. " Indeed, no," said Mary. . " Natnrally I hope he misses me too a little, but he eays it Beems ages since be left you. Mr Vansturt has been very kind end nice to him, and he has got to know some of the other young fellows by now.so it is very pleasant for him. NewYork Is perfectly lovely according to Ms account, and he Hkee the rooms Mr Vansturt got for him better every day. He Bays that they are rather high up, but there is a cs^iufiaent view from the windows. He-Jus been to one or two theatres -" " I hope he is not going to make that a practice," broke^n'Ins-mother severely; " such a thing becsaionaUyldb'iiotcbject liards; it generally leads'to ttonble of some kind." - • ; " I am eure you are right,*' Maq^ agreed, " but I think' you may trust Willie to keep straight. He likes a bit of ton «f oorn&e;, like the rest of us, but he 'will nteyer put his pleasure before his work, or.cirry it further than-lie can afford." " William is not serious enough," Mrs Harper went on. " When lie washere his mind was always full of tennisihd boating and dancing or some suchfrivolity. If he was-at home for .meals, it was quite as much as we could expect." Mary knew that 'this was a dig et'her, because he had been her constant companion,'but she laughed good-bumoredly.as she answered— " Oh! we were much inore serious thpn* you imagine, Mrs .Harper, -jou calinot think what an amount of serious reading I induced him to undertake, andirtu conversation was often of a dee^ymtellectual and instructive description." " Indeed! I didnotknow.it;" ptttinMrs Harper in her -mpst <£tishihgly 'polite manner "Besides," continued Miss Smith not a bit crushed and without -.apparently noticing the interruption," he had no:xeal work to do then, and he is only nineteen. don't you think a little frivolity is natural at that age?" "Oh! of course you know ;best," returned the elder lady stiffly. Mary felt slie had had enough of this. Without a traoe of annoyanbe on her face she rose from the seat she had taken and moved away to speak to friends-at the other end of the room: ' She was soon surrounded by a group ef some of thg lounger members of the party, who had been very indignant at her wasting on HrsJXaxperso much of the time that they considered belonged by right to them. Once Dr. Armstrong would have been thefirsfeto attach himself to her, but now he stood apart, silent and grave, merely bowinjj to her as m. She was-grieved, for she really liked him'and found the schatter of Dick Bilton Jsnd hiB friends very ^uninteresting oompared to the young doctor's conversation; bnt she eawnowayof lessening the distance between them without seeming to mean more than she wished. While she was thinking of this and talking rather absently meanwhUeto -Miss Jones, he suddenly observed a". strange face mong the numbers that sheknewso well, and curiously enough, as she |did «o, she ound that the eyes'.belonging-it -were fixed upon her with a gaze of de^p interest and evident approbation. Bo£ was not of course the only strange gentlemiarpresent, but he .was .almost the only.one who would be likely to attract any attention, and Mary was much struck by/his •'appearance, which seemed to indicate anamount of experience and knowledge' of tbe'^wbrld not common in visitor to Fogeytom " Hie had overheard * her conversation rjaith Mrs Harper and not only waspleaseft with her share ip it, bnt particularly admired' the dignity with which Bhe put &n; end to it. It would have been eo .ieasy, especially for a woman, to refort something sharp and telling, bpt' she . had done mnch better. The Bmile -witii which he had-watched her still Uageredon hiB face, as Mary met his jglance, and &e; looked like a man who had' just had a. pleasant' surprise. She was about to 4ask someone near her, who was the tall, handsome man, with grey eyes and dark moustSthe, when Mr Taylor, whom she had notjseen since the memorable evening -at thj&Becfcory;, came up and spoke to her. Bemembering with malicious enjoyment her^sonfusion and her blushes when he hadisnentioned him upon the former occasion, Si immediately asked after Mr Boberf Hatton Grange. But she was so nsed-byrthis time to being questioned upon the'ftjbjeot that she answered him quiteHritho lit embarrassment, in fact MtherTerg^edSdrsaji^eiiiting "him, for'she easily, gnesaed ira ^motive. There was a little music in'the course,of the evening, but Fogeyton talent in that, direction was not of a. high order? 'Mrs Stone'also managed "to get up^a.'conple of 1 tables of whist, but the.charades could not be done at all, for as everyone was willing ; enough' t» play in the Becondiint^uo on; would take part in the first. they nfttnraUy fell through. However, most of tjie company seemed quite content to do Nothing in particular, and there was no Sagging in the buzz of conversation'that ^went on all over the room. It was pretty nearly "time for the grand supper and Mazy had just risen from the piano, when she found beside her the gentleman she had-the whole evening, been furtively watching and secretly admiring. . After the murmur of thanks for heir playing to which ^scarcely anyone had listened, had subsided, the general chatter recommenced, - and Maty found herself for the moment«oih no one but the stranger near .her, ' ? • I hope you will forgive the liberty I take in introducing myself to^you, Miss Smith," said the young man suddenly. " I have asked several people to do me the favour, but, as they have all refused, I cannot help hoping that you will allow me to dispense with the usual ceremony." They, refused?" said Mar; smiling, though much astonished at such a strange occurrence. That seems very odd." " Yes," he answered." especially as they all laughed and declared that I^fenew you already." - - . •" How funny!" she exclaimed. " Perhaps I have met you before." • "That I can safely say you have not," he replied," it would have been impossible for me to have forgotten it." She laughed. " That is very nicely put, " Scarcely original, you were" going to add," he put in- " Of course you-are right, but such truths cannot be repeated too often. Anyhow I have not been in -this part of England since youleft't&e; sohoolroom, so I think it unlikely." " And I suppose I strike" ypu as being of so entirely the country-cousin type that ; I could never have been anywhere ,e)se-^in London, for instance," she remarked, with quiet smile. "By no .means," he answered. ^'JBut that does not shake my absolute conviction that I have never met you before." ' " Well, it was only a suggestjon,">slia said, "and was made solelyfor thepurpoBe of trying to find a reason for, our friends' refusal to introduce you to me.' Which reminds me that the said introduction is: incomplete. You seem to knbfr my name; doubtless it is one. you haveiieard before ;« but I am yet in ignorance of yours";• * , " My name is JBobert Hatton Grange," he said, watching her intently to see what, effect his words produced. ' .-. Luckily .for Mary. sh'e acaiB at that moment looking at something at.the other side of the room. She stutc^^vibQrea^d the warm blood rushed into her cheeks;; but,- by ia great effort, she managed to keep" her eyes away from him for a fe»c seconds/ while she recovered herself; then turning" slowly towards him she said— "I beg your pardon ; 1 did not-quite catch the name." He repeated it, admiring herself-possession the while. ' % . "Are ypu ..Bay relation toraie^ndterol that name?" she asked. In 'spite other calmness, bo astounded -.was slie, that .it would scarcely have added . Jo her surprise had he claimed the closest kinship 'with that gentleman. " Well, no," he answered." "To. tell yon the truth X am curious to find ®at something .'about that mysterious indiiWnal.^ As far ae Iknow I have not a relation toi the world pained Grange, and' yet ^ u kould have thought that no one iut i _a relation would have had exactly the same name, il have beenlraveUing about forevereolong, had never heard of hi™" tilll got^ioms lately. I was pretty Boon made aware of hiB existence then, though;" ; •• . "Were you mistaken for .him??"^ Mary, beginning to be amused at position of affairs. . "I should think l Wbb* replied, with a rueful laughat thai , •-.^•rm aMthor. I did notmeetasingle creature who knew him personally, so I had no one to help me in my endeavours to make believe that it was a mistake. Indeed.'I am here to-night under false pretences.' ••"Howia that?" " Why, Mr Stone saw my" name in the viedtors' book at the hotel, and' made my acquaintance upon the strength of it. assure you that I did my utmost to convince him that I was not the man he took me for, but he refused 'to believe I was serious, and at last X gave np.. So .here I am, under my; own name, but not in my own character;, a modern instance of the ass' in the lion's"'skin, I fear. I thought they must be beginning to suBpsct me of b^ng an impostor when I could get no one Solntroduce me to you." "That is easily accounted for," said Mary. •" No one here has ever seen him, but they all know that I am personally acquainted with the other Mr Grange. Otherwise, no doubt, I should also have fallen into the popular error." " Yon know him!" cried Bob, with wellfeigned astonishment. "You do not maim to say that I have really come across some .one £.t last who actually knows him P I tope yon will tell me something about jiiin; I seem to have got so mixed up with iim lately that it will be -quite a relief. But please do not "betray me for thiB evening; they might suspect me of a design upon the family diamonds, and turn me out. At an earlier stage of the entertainment I could have borne such a fate with resignation, but now that I have a chance of really enjoying myself, do not let the name that was the means of my presence within these -hospitable doors be tiie cause of my exile." Mary was troubled; it had never occurred to her that there could exist any one bearing the name she had chosen for her diBguise, and she felt almost as if she were talking to a ghost. " I will not betray you," she answered at last, gravely. " I cannot quite understand it though; I never heard of any one of that name—any one else, I mean." "Nor I till your friend took to writing books," he replied. "Do you know him well?" Yes, verywell indeed." Ah 1 then why Bhonld we not, just for this one evening, pretend that I am yoiur friend?" he suggested, regretting the words almost as soon ss he had uttered them, for' she coloured furiously, and though she was happily not aware of it, he of course knew perfectly well the cause of her confusion. . For the moment she did not know how to reply; knowing how popular report had enlarged upon her acknowledged friendship with Bobert Hatton Grange, she could not quite do as he proposed, and yet she did not Bee how. the matter could in any way be explained. " I think the best way," she said, " will be to leave things as they are, and say nothing .at all about it, as it is only just for to-night. I can easily pnt it all right afterwards if it is necessary." " I .wish it were not only for to-night," exclaimed Bob, feeling an unreasoning dislike for the other fellow, to whom, of course, she was engaged. . At this moment Mrs Stone joined them, and began at onoe, with a knowing smile— ; " Ah! Mr Grange, I see you have done without the introduction you were so anxiously asking for, after aU." .' Mary sincerely hoped that her new acquaintance would not detect the meaning of the smile or of the remark that followed. " I said nothing of your arrival even to Mary, because no anticipated pleasure comes np to an agreeable surprise. But I assure you, I was disappointed that " " It was very kind of you, Mrs Stone," Bob interrupted quickly, " to have "been so considerate of my wishes in regard to my proBwinfl .not, being- announced.J -lyRaa ! Smith was kind enough to dispense with an ordinary introduction."' "Ton surprise me," cried the- jovial lady. . : Of -course he knew to what his hostess alluded, but he saw that M&y; was getting nervous and uncomfortable, so he tried to start Mrs Stone's ideas in another direction. .. . "I hear that yon have received some very beautiful presents to-day," he said. " I hdpe you are going to allow us, to see them. I believe it is usual upon such occasions to do-all you can to induce your friends to break the last commandment." "Certainly you may see them,"she replied ; " they are all in the library. Our friends have indeed been most kind and generous. I am not sure that their gifts are not more numerous and valuable than on my real wedding day, five-and-twenty years- ago.. But you cannot go and covet them just now, for X have come over to ask you to take Mary in lo supper. By rights you onght to have fallen to my lot, but X will be generous for once, and waive my right in favour of this young lady. I hope -you appreciate my self-denial." " So far from eelf-denial, one can easily see that yon are prompted by the fear of being bered," he .answered, laughing. " But with so many older and more imjortant gentlemen present, I should have jeen much astonished if yon had accorded me the honour, though" 1 need hardly say that t should have appreciated it deeply." " A very charming way of saying you prefer Miss Smith - to Mrs Stone," laughed tile lady, as she left them, to go and pair off her other guests. \- ". Whatever the manner of saying it, the fact remains,", observed Grange, as soon as she was cut of earshot. " I. hope you are not sorry that my supposed friendship with you has procured me the pleasure of sitting next to you at supper." " If you expeet me to make you a pretty speech, I feaj- yon will be disappointed," said Mkry, demurely. " I suppose that if X had particularly disliked having you for .my -companion, I could scarcely .have informed Mrs Stone of the fact." . Ab'.I am sure you would not have said that if you had objected, I am satisfied that ;rou-do not,"he answered, as he offered her J lis arm, and they joined the stream going suppenrards. (To fee Continued). 