TURF NOTES. For the'seeond time. this week Williamstown : will be the vonue to;day. . General entries for the TMfcC. Autumn Mooting closq on Monday, 8th February. Gonoral entries for tlio Fcbruniy.nieoting to . bo held at Caulfield close oh Mondaynext.: . \- A win, a second, and two thirds- was .Mr,'. S.: . Miller's score at Maribyrnong on Saturday. . Tho second payments' . for tho V.A.T.Q. Oakleigli Plate anu Purse nro due on Monday. Bloodshot was struck out of the Newmarket Handicap on Thursday and Hopscotch on Fri day. " '.When the latest mail to hand left England Goorgo Barrett, the famous jockey, seas in ft critical state of health. Mr. J. It. Crooko has been favored -with most satisfactory entries for next' Saturday's meeting at Aspendale Park. Tho first forfeit of 2 soys, for tho Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup must be declared before 4 o'clock on Monday. The meeting to ba hield at Sandown Park on Wednesday, 10th February, will require the attention of owners on Monday. .The Queensland horso,. Merloolas, was on Wednesday struck, out of, the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup. Tho V.R.O. has sanctioned an' alteration in tho dato" of tho next meoting of tho Ballarat Turf Club from 2Gth to tho 12th March. - ' ; - A public holiday and a Saturday in the same -Week are luxuries which havo fallon to the lot .of no other suburban club savo Williamstown. .The champion sire,- St. Simon, fills readily at 400 guineas, and were it permissible to transfer . nominations they would command a premium of certainly £100. ' . " ... .Tlio Caulfield Grand National Hurdio Race' \- winner of 1394, Favor, -managed to score a vie tory in Syduoy on Tuesday after several disap pointing attempts. _The programme of the March meeting of tho Kerang Turf Club is announced elsewhere. The principle item contained therein is the Kernng Handicap, of 50 sovs. The New Zealand sportsman, Mr. W. Douglas, has nominated fivo horses for tho Britannia J-Stoeplochaso and Hurdle Race/ each of 5000 ..sovs.,-,' to bo run at Warwick in 1900. Mr. ' Spencer Gollan hns taken out two nominations for the same events. Talavera, who won tho Challengo Stakes at RAtulwick on Saturday, is a brown gelding, 4 years, by Metal — Test, ami a fortnight beforo won a welter race at Moorcfield. Arkansas, carrying the conspicuous yellow jacket of II.H. tho Sultan of Joliorc, was a starter in the Sylvia Handicap at Maribyrnong, but could do no better than run last. Marchioness, who won tho Amateur Plate at Randwick on Tuesday, is a full sister to tho roguish Do Verc, by Swiveller — Donna do Vere, and was sold as a yearling for 22 guineas. Iloniton, who is a popular fancy for tho HobartCnp, will bo ridden- in his Tasmanian engagements by H. Holmes. ' W.' Reilfcarn left Melbourne on Monday by tho steamer Putcena. Entries for the Sale mooting to be held on tho 18th February close on Monday. The Snlo Turf Club Handicap, of 25 sovs., and Steeplechase, of 29 sovs., aro the leading items in the pro gramme, . The divided handicap system continues to in crease in popularity with owners, no fewer than 44 entries having been received for tho Epsom Flats and Purse, to be run at next Wednesday's mooting. . Owners who have nominated for tho V.R.C, Sires' Produco Stakes, to bo run at the approach ing 'Autumm Meeting, aro. reminded that the first 'forfeit of 1 sov. must be declared beforo 4 o'clock on. Monday 'next. H. "A. Klemmor, who was recently fined £50 for 'the date scratching 'of Brilliant at Sandown Park; haseiuce determinedly refused to pay, declaring the penalty, to he. an injustice, and in consequence ho has sold Brilliant and Brighton. At Williamstown to-day the Hurdio Race may be won by Tiik Hero or Chautheose, the Welter Handicap by Prior or Jubilant, tho Trial Handicap by Sky la or Forester, tho Soaford Stakes by Golden 1'leeoe or Betsy. Swiveller, tho Jumpers' Flat Race by Garnet or Hive, andthcLaverton Stakes by Vagrant or Rosella. At the last Canning Park meeting tlio Vic torian jockeys, Swan and C. Moore, won two races apiece; Tho last named scored his double on Paul Pry, wlio carried 9 st. 4 lb. and 9 st. 11 .lb. respectively., Tho day proved very eventful for jockeys, no fewer than six being called before tho stewards; Swan being one of them.' :The famous mare'- Signorina, by. St. Simon out. of. Star of Portici, lias prayed;such a com plete failure nt. the stud thaVhaving a'entlier in' vain during flip-lost five years to somq.pf the most ..exiwnsiye sires,' hor-owner, Chevalier GinestrcHi)|i3_stnted;tD bavq, decided to.put her retraining agnin. In this .-event 'it; -will be interesting to seo if the inare has last her fiuo spcetL . It is intended to shift tho flat to the side of l the stand enclosure at Sandown Park after tho I February meeting. During the holidays the caretaker lias made several improvements on tho running track. It is also proposed to re make the steeplechase track when the outside enclosure is removed. . Several improvements will be made to the advantage of patrons of tho flat. Mecca, .who won tho Nursery Handicap at Handwick on Saturday'; is the property of the Ballarat - sportsman, Mr. w.. Bailey, whose serious illness lias - necessitated bis absence from . racing in Melbourne for somo months past. Mecca is a. bay colt, half brother (by Abercofn) to Malachite, who is now racing in Sydney. . At the sale of tho Kirkham yearlings Mr.; Bailey paid 300 guineas for Mecca. . Proverb, the chostnut pony who formorly competed oil the registered courses, lias further proved her superiority over tho "all horses" division -at unregistered meeting by winning with 10 st. 7 lb. over a mile. A magnificent looking half sistor to Proverb (now known as Trilby), by Zalinski, will be amongst tho New- minster Park yeavlings which Meaara. Campbell and Sons will offer for salo at tho City. Horso Bazaar on Cth Maroh. Word comes from India that, in consequence of_ the famine ; and an over glutted market, shippers of horses havo hot done so well as usual latoly. Although the freight per horse is £8, some Victorian bred animals reccntly.sold for £5 apicco under the hammer in Calcutta. .Ac cording to latest accounts, some shippers have still a large number of horses on their hands. 'Pho Indian trade is not nearly tho profitable business it' was a few years ago. Tlio nppoal of R. Mitchell, owner and trainer, on behalf of himself and his jockey, H. Mar shall, who wore disqualified at the plensure of the V.A.T.C. stewards for the unsatisfactory performance of Ilium- in the Soiling Race at Caulfield, received tho attention of the V.R.C. committeo oii Monday! Several witnesses were called by appellant, after which the committee decided to refer the additional-evidence to the Y;A.T.C. stowards, with n view to their recon sideration of the disqualification. Except in tho case of St. Simon, stallion fees in England have gone down during tho last year or two, and this is a fact that lias been but little notioed. Thero are no 250 guinea fees now, and very few of 200 guineas. Similarly, we do not see so many second rate animals figuring at 100 guineas, and there is a whole host of really good horses at fees of 50 guineas and undor, so that the eoit of breeding is by no ssivauj nuno in nu»j «UU 1/11U ueprCBSlOIl Jn tiio bloodstock market is in this way compen sated. A meeting of jockeys was held at Considine's Racecourse Agonoy on Wednesday to discuss the enforcement of tho now rule relating to the payment of riding fees at scale, hut nothing definite resulted. It is evident that a feeling prevails amongst jockeys that if tlio rule is strictly enforced it will not in tho end eventuato beneficially to those who nio most desirous of taking advantage of its provisions. It wub decided to form a trainors and jockeys' associa tion, tho specific aims of which have yet to bo determined. Jlacing Illustrated., hearing dato 23rd De- comber, devoteB a number of illustrations to tho leading scenes in connection with tlio Spring meeting at Flomington. A fine picture is given of tho fiat, the lawn, tlio stands and tho hill, also tho finish for tho Melbourne Stakes, Hotham Handicap and Derby. Other photo graphs arc given of the bhio ribbon decoration, tho Government House party, the carringo pad dock, woighing in of Nowliaven, also a portrait of tho Maribyrnong Plate winner, ICccra. It is gratifying to seo such prominenco given to Aus tralian turf subjects in tho leading English illus- truted sjibrting papers. Omnium II. is the best racehorse in France at the present time, for whatever may bo tho case in Englnnd and Australia older homes in to belle France are universally admitted to be far supe rior in class to the 3-ycar-olds of the season just .concluded. It is quito possihlo that on tho other hand tlio best racchorao in training, or who. was in training in tho last months of the season in England, is a 3-year-old, and it it per- fectly certain that tlio best liorso of tlio prceont day in Australasia, and a colt, moreover, pro bably equal, if not superior oven, to tho great Carliino himself in his best day, is a 3-ycar-old,- bo says an English authority. So Quiver did not win tho Viceroy's Cap after all. Slio did not oven start. Tho winner turned itp in Sprightly, who won InRt year, no is a gelding by Gnllinrd out of Sad, that won several races for Lord Stanley and other owners in Englnnd. By winning two Cups iri succession the Maharajah of l'ntialn lias at last attained tho ambition of his life, and lias been fully rewardod for 1ub pluck and enterprise. Ho had run second on two provious occasions— with To3tig and Sprig o' Myrtle— and third with Catarina in 1892. Lord William Berosford, who purchased and managed these horses for the Maharajah, was so' anxious to win theCop that, in order not to throw away a chance, ho sent his old trainer out to India Inst year to preparo Sprightly especially for it, and tlio result lifts amply repaid him Jor previous disap pointments. The suspension of Jnmes Hnj-cs, tho jockey, by the V.A.T.C. Btewarda from IGth January to 1st May for suspioious.praotices in tlio Holi day Stakos at Caulfield was on Monday endorsed by tho V.R.O. committee. J. H. Davis com- ilninod that a jockey named Donald Gillies had eft his service without notice. The committee decided that tho ln<l must return to his employ or olso his licence will bo cancelled. A lino of £2 2s. imposed by tho Graiitvillc Racing Ciuh upon D. 51'Taggnrt for interfering 'with Wild Jack in the pony race on the 23th December was endorsed, and fin appli cation by the Ballarat Turf Club to he allowed to race on tho. 12th March instead of the 23th March, the date already allotted, was gronted.- Mcssrs. Campbell and Co., of Kirk's Bazaar, announco that they will 'offer . for salo on 5th March the Nowminster Park yearlings, bred by Mr. A. S. Chimside. Tho date selected is; tho day after tho Champion Stakes. The catalogue contains fifteen lots and the sires represented are Trenton, Zalinski, Vengeanco, Nowminster and Eiridspord, as follows :— fir c by Zalinski— Onisla ' Br c by Zalinski— Tromulous B o by Zalinski— Busy Boo B g by Vengeance— Queenlo Br g by Vengeance— Zulolka Br c hy Vcngoarico or Newminster— Princess Beatrice Br o by Vengeanco nr Nowminster— Vindcx- Ch f, by Zalinski— Ailngo Cli f, by Zalinski— Benzino ''' Bf,hy Zalinski— Milkmaid ' B f, by Nowminster or Zalinski— Blue and Black Br f. by Trenton— Chios r. . B t, by Vengeance— Mowerina ;. B f, by Eiridspord— Queen Bos ' ' , . Br f, by Nowminster — Witchwood, Tlio yearlings, wliicli wore ; fully .described in these oolumns by "Asinodeus"'on the bccasion'of his' visit to Newminster Park,, are an exception ally fine lot, and will compare favorably with any other'drafts which will enter the said ring during tlie autumn series. Tho sale will b3 held at' the City Horse Bazaar, at the top ond of Elizabeth-street. When Sir. Spencer Gollan's Rivoriud bred Ebor won tho Great Slidland - Steeplechase,' of 405 sovs., two' mileB, ho carried 12 st. and beat a field of 13 opponents in o cantor by 10 lengths. Ho started favorite at 5. to 1. Tho English papers do not make much reference to the performanco as an Australian victory. The London Sportsman, describes tho race as fol lows:— "Now followed tho chief ovenl, the Great Slidland "Handicap 'Steonlechaso, which brought out an excellent field,, no fewer than 14 runners taking part. The raco consequently had a very open appearance, and as soon as .the betting had settled down Ebor was a decided favorite, the chief danger being feared from another SuBsex trained one, Grecnliill, wlio was a very strong paddock tip; Bevil, Ruric and. Ccstus were all well backed, and good money could be traced to Idalus and Flying Jib, whilst 10 ' to 1 was. accepted about Comic Opera, although ho hod been coughing after his arrival here! What ever clianco Greenhill had wna early extin guished, as ho whipped round as soon as tho flog fell ond lost so much ground that although soot on again it was impossible for him to make it up. Ebor soon proved that he is as much' at home over fences as hurdles, oud in the first half mile lie made the poco bo hot that ho had. tho bulk of the field settled before half the < journey had boen complctcd j in fact, as they entered tho straight, the only one" with' a ghost of'ft clianco against the Now Zealander was' Idalus. The latter was going exceedingly well, but after jumping tho last fence he fell in .'the noxt two strides, and Ebor was then left to canter' homo at his leisure." There is no greater living authority -on breeding than Mr. W. Allison (tlio ."Special Commissioner" in the London Sporlsmein), who makes the following comparison between St, Simon and two of the most noted sires who B receded him : — " Tho. past , racing zoason was t. Simon's best and it will bo found on .reference to the statistics that! he" is responsible for 22 winners of 37 races. Now, lot anyone take tho calendars and look up Blair Atliol's record. Well, what So wo discover? Why, tlmt tho groat son "of Stook- well and Blink Bonny had in 1873 31 .winpera of 81 races ; in 1874, 31 winners of 87 races ; find in 1875, 31 winncra of G7 races. As to Stockwell, the annals of Wcatherby reveal a really marvellous talc,, for in 18G5 ho had 38 winners for 88 races; in 18GG 40 winners for 144 raceB, and in 18G7 41 winners of 11-1 races ! ' Nor was this extraordinary result duo to his being an unusually prolific sire, for in 18G3 and 1804 -tlio produce of which years would ho running at the timo his . wonderful record was made — ho is returned as tlio sire of 32 living foals and 27 respectively. The most remarkablo fact of all is that in 188G Stockwcll's progeny even topped St. Simon's in tlio valuo of stakes won. though none but tlio olassio races represented big money in those days, and St. Simon's total is this year brought up hy no fewer than three ten thousand pounders. TliiB, notwithstand ing tlio Stockwells of 18GG won somo £GG,000 in Btakos, while tho St. Simons of 189G linvo landed £59,728. 1 do not for a moment under rate St. Simon, but people who nro prono to go into ecstasies over the fashion of tlio hour may do well to give themselves a little mental bal last hy thinking over such facts as those which I have sot out abovo." 