NOTES AND MOTIONS. [By ' Taktaiun.'] The artificial oyster is tho latest atro city of modern civilisation. People who eat off the deep shell, -an apparently genuine mollusc of luscious fat- icas, must in futuru bo hannted by the fear that the material going to make up the dainty morsel was not extracted from' the sad sea waves by a process of nataral leleeiion. but was put together by some iorrible artificial method in a fnctory. I jan- ? imagine nothing' more ropulsive than a manufacturer! oyster, in aggrega tion oE unclean sliihod 'sUuek on to'.rtn old'1 shell. View-d ?; .;' dispassionately, outside of the 'rosy tiiist of son tirnent.il gourmetism.'ino renl oyster is not a nice looking . .pbJRCt. Bis ^welling .lines make' no aesthetic carves and his coloring is dull, not to sny nasty. : Bnt the memory of the clean tiesh sea in wiwcn ho bad his dwelling, :of the sweet suit waves which laved him from his speoky babyhood, give the lie to appearanco and declare the oyster clean. His tseto, too, redeems his lack of beauty, his soft, in sinuating, glutinons^ caress oE the swal lowing throat, and/iiis pricking of the palato to alertness with: a .soupcon of saltneas. ' .'.', : But fir3t iinpressioji* of tho oyster are, not favorable ; it is a step in the direc-; tion of a liberal education to give appre ciation to the shellfish which ahundred Emperors have delighted to -_ honor,: When an English King knighted the Sir Loin of British Beef, he was pro-; bably ignoranl; of the august precedent of a Roman ruler, who intended to raise a British oyster to- consular ronK, dub on reflection, decided that the honor was an inadequate one. To enjoy a.pla.te of oysters is a proof of culture ; to enjoy a barrel, a proof of more culture. ? But the artificial oyster ! What monster devised him as aBanquo ghost to haunt the table of the epicure, and to refuse' to be laid even at the price, of a magnum of Chablis,?. The pestilential product of modern chemistry has not yet reached Australian snorea. xi mmo «- any sense or power left in our legislators it never will. Poll taxes, qaurantine laws, muat be, devised to'keep the horrid thing away. For with its coming will depart one of the few gastronomic plea sures left to an. uncivilised generation.; The oyster has been for years the symbol, of ail that is pure and translucent, natural and innocent, in our National Life. A colorable limitation thereof will drive the hardest roysterers from the tables of the saloons: For who would bear the chance of eating an artificial decoction having the guissof the bivalve, an awful thing of alimes andi unclean pastes, a very essence of loath-; someneBs. . ' .? ? ? ? ? -'''?'? '?'?-,'? There is proceeding, in, Sydney just now a very amusing newspaper duel,; between two big morning dalies. The ' S. M. H.' has undertaken to 'bulh . and the ' D. T. ' to ' bear ' the wheat market. The 'Herald' seems to have, on the whole, the beBt chance of victory ; at any rate the ' bearing ' of ?the ' D.T. ' has been carried to so absurd a degree that the development of tho market must prove its prophe cies false. The promise of Mn' Reid to give a special subsidy of 2s 6d in the £ to all mnnicipalities is but a , wee concession. The landowner living in a raunioipality has bad three additional burdens placed on him by Mr. Reid. (1) The land tax, (which he has to pay in addition to a local land tax). (2) The cutting down- of; the road vote by £200,000, a year which throws on him a further burden for road main tenance. (3) The wholesale cutting down of the special municipal subsidies. 