OR, ' . ■ i -, : THE DANGERFIELD^ ty!Y;ST.£R3 BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. • CHAPTER XXIII.—(Continued.) “A victim?. Well, no. I think not. J am trying: to recuilechwhertl have seen -Miss Herncastle before.’’ “What !” cried Lad!’ Dangerfield ; '‘you, too? Oh, this is too much. First 3hord Ruysland, then Sir Peter Danger field, non- Captain'- O’Donnell, all are ■transfixed at sight of my governess, and insist that, dead or. alive, they have met her before. Now, where was it you \- '• jknew her, Captain O’Donnell? Surely \- v not in Algiers?” i ‘ x“Aro t in ... Algiers, certainly.- ; Where I . have, seen her before I,cannot telk-seen : . her. I have., that" is positive. . My mem ; Cty for facts and faces may be trusted. And hers is not" a face to he seen and forg'ottcri,-yec jnst now I cannot -Thlee . ■■ > - / ,, “Our .waltz/*'-I' beliov^y-aadyi d^'efr,’’ . .. exclaimed a gentleman coming -Ur* ;^.nd .salaaming before,her.... y,.::. i *if(". '“. . It was Squire .Talbot, of lioi-pe-anihe. i ’ And Lady Cecil, v;.i,th a few last smiling ; ■- / words over her whale shoulder' -tg, .the ■ V A tehasseitr, - took 'hisv'profferedjarmv, and ...... -njoved away. t- ;j\ „• .-■ ”. ..“How strange,”, .she wasi ;thinking, "that Captain O’Donnell should . have ' ''• ' known lier, too! Really, HissiHeriicastle is a most mysterious personage. Why. • is it, I wonder, that she attracts and fascinates, me so? It isn’t (that I .like Tier—i. don’t; I doubt, I distrust her. Yet; S. like to look at hgr, to heajr her talk,-: to wohder about her. Hoy- rapt Sir; Arthur looks! I never succeeded in en chaining him like that. ’ Four hours ago he was on the -.'brink of asking "in o' ■to be his wife—now he looks, as though .there were not another, woman in the scheme .of the universe than' Helen IHenncastle. Am’’I jealous/ J wonder "? Ho I really want to marry-him', a tier ail? Am I the coquette they- calli-mej?” She smiled bitterly as she/lpqked to wards them. Squire Talbot caught that look and followed ‘it,. ' , . j : “Eh! Quite a flirtation going/eijn there. •Certainly.” He was rather'obtuse, the -squire. “Didn’t think Sir Arthur was , much of a lady's man, hut gad! to-night he seems-Oh, good heaven!’” He stopped short—he stared /aghast. Miss Herncastle had lifted.her' stately Eieafi from a hook of engravings and turned her face full towards them., and ior.the first time Squire Talbot saw her. Lady Cecil looked at him, and laughed C-utright. Amazement, consternation, horror, were actually pictured upon'his face. ••• • “What!-another! Upon my word, the • plot-thickens rapidly. You, too,' haV'iT 'known Miss Herncastle, then, in some' other and better world ? Is.she destined to strike every gentleman she meets in' ^ -this sensational manner?” “Miss—what did you call her, Lady-.; • - - Cecil? Good Heaven! I ne'ver saw such a resemblance. Upon my sacred lhonor, Lady Cecil, I thought'it was a ghost!” ", “Of course—that’s the formula—they all say that. Whose ghost do you fake, her for, Mr Talbot?” “Katherine Dangerfield, of course poor Kathie. It is—heavens!—it is as like her as-” The squire pulled .out Ibis cambric and wiped his Hushed and excited face. / “I give you, my word, I Jt .. ' never saw such/a fesembl££iih6~ ’Except' : rthat this lady- has'darker hair, and—yes —yes, I think—and is taller and more Womanly-—she is-” Again the squire paused, his consternation only- [permit ting disconnected sentences. “ I never ;6nw any-tiling-like it—never, I give you any honor! What does Sir. Peter say-?. He must have noticed it, and, gad !. it' ■ can’t be pleasant for him.” “Sir Peter'has been in a collapsed aude horrified state ever since she entered "Scarswood. Oh, yes," he sees it—not a, doubt of that. Miss Herncastle is like one of Wilkie Collins’ novels — \- the interest intensifies steadily to the end—the ‘Man in the Iron Mask’ was' plain reading compared to her. Really-, if she keeps frightening people in this, yvav, I greatly- fear Lady- Dangerfield must send her away.' A living ghost ■ can’t he a pleasant instructress of “■She does not seem to frighten Sir Arthur Tregenna, at least,” said Squire Talbot, beginning to recover from- his sudden shock. “And so she is only the governess. I never saw such a- resem blance—never in ail my life.. What would Edith say, I wonder.-if she could see' ijt?“ ‘•‘Edith?” '" “ My- sister, you know—used ' to be Katherine Dangerfield’s bosom ' friend and confidant—married now,/you. kno\v —De Vere of the —.th, and gfone'.; td/tlie South of France .for-her health'.' ? Never1 saw such a striking resemblancp ip-all’• my life.’* . And then they whirled away--’ ih their waltz. How strange-^ho.w :'Strange h /Lady Cecil kept thinking. Pei-hhps .that was wliy her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table...- No one Interrupted them. It was a most, pro nounced ‘flirtation. Even. Cap thin 'O’Dionneil declined the request of ' his tibstess .and the earl that he should go tip and speak to his friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tete-a-tete. Sir Arthur" 5tad become.so interested, so absorbed in his companion; and the pictures,; as •to quite forget the flight of time. .'.Then,, from an inner room, Cecil saw tile fall .chasseur makes; his way-. through 'the '“ ' •crowd' anci approheft-x-v Sheseouicf bveii hear his deep, mellow tone : : v* “Tregenna, my deat'.fenoYC^.hofr .are -'•■ h’ou?” ■’ ■ VT .-V -nMi w > ' - Then, with a7look of surprise add' de light animating his grave face, sh| saw1 the Cgrpish baronet clanp fliie ,hapijj OF .qfchelrish soldier of-fortune.; ‘* '■’*" a »•* ■ * ‘.Captain . O’Donnell. on the/, mprrow . • . -Jigain came b.ver from Castiefcipd; fh the grey of the summer evening. Sir Arthur ' . -Tregenna had sought opt' the ^chhs^eur '[4Sit.-.'a fishing strearrt,’ ahd tlTe'twkm^ "re turned ..together to dinner. i; * ; - ' ‘TOP And us alone ,y;et,v. Captain ■ O’Donnell,” said ‘ Cady Dangerfield. • "Cecil has taken to literature, as yo!u see, ‘and is company for no one. I pever read, Captain O'Donnell; books are all alike—hopelessly stupid nowqjday-s. TWhat is that you have there, Queop.ie.?’’ Lady' Cecil looked up- !'• .‘“Ballads of Ireland.’ I came-upon St by- chance in the library half an. hour ago. I am reading Da-Vis’ Fontenoy.’ Captain O’Donnell, did any of yom- an cestors fight at the battle of Fontenoy? ’ “So the legends of the house say, at least. And it is believed that it was a Ttedmond O’Donnell wh° fought and fell On the fatal field of Fontenoy.” ; Lady Dangerfield looked interested.,, ‘ “ A Redmond 0’DonneU?:£ Heailly ! Head it, Queenie, will y°u?” •; She glanced suddenly .nt.-the gpver \- “Miss Herncastle,” she said, ‘‘y-ot| yvill read it to Lady- Dangerfield,. willjj you aot? Somehow I think you can jjread aloud.”, , '. ,1' ” '.“I can try,” Miss Herncastle|‘; an' tewered. " - !i .She advanced, took the- book/ and fetood up before her auditors. -Thd last light of the setting sup ?hone full jppon 5ier tall, statuesque figure, her lipale, ' -Changeless face, locked ever in the] pas t sionless calm of marble. She began. Yes/Miss Herncastle could read aloud— 1 Lady Cecil had been right What a .w-ondrously musical voice it was—so deep, so calm, so sweet! She made a very striking picture, standing there, the sunlight gilding her face and her 'dead- black hair. -So thought Lady. Cecil Clive, so thought,Sir Arthur T.regenna and Cap tain O’Donnell. Both gentlemen, as if by some simultaneous impulse listened intently.' ' Sweet,, clear, thrilling as a bugle-blast rang out the stirring words. A light leaped into the reader's eyes, a glow came over her pale face: every heart there stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, her gesture as she ceased. “By Jupiter!’! Redmond O'Donnell' ex claimed, under his breath, “that woman' is a marvel.’’ Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the book,- a look of surprised, admiration “Miss Herncastle,’’ she. said. • “you .read that,-splendidly. The poet should have heard you. I kpew you’ could read, but hot'like. that, tou are'a' iwm ac ;.. The eyes of Redmond O'Donnell were jftx'ec} on -Miss Herncastle with, such a ‘Jfio.k of utter wonder—of sheer amaze ment and of recognition—that the;b.aro Jiuet---stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an in rspiratipn where he.had seen Miss Hern castle before. He, started like, a man •firom a .tituice at the sound of the baro net's .surprised voice. ■■ ■ “How thunderstruck you look, O'Don nell," he said, with a touch of impa tience ini his-tone-; “did you never before hear a lady read?" The half-irritated words fully aroused him. Redmond-O'Donnell turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. “Rarely like that, mon ami. And i have just solved a riddle that has puzz led -me since last night. I think I have had the pleasure of both seeing and hearing Lady Dangerfieid’s very re markable governess before to-day.” ■ It -wanted just a quarter to twelve' When -Redmond O’Donnell left Scars-1 . wood'Park.-and took his way on foot to! the town. He had been offered a horse, he liad .-been offered a bed, and had de i dined,.iiotli. To walk on such a night was. a luxury. He lit a ir.anilla, and went oyer the road with his long caval vvman's stride. • It was a perfect night, the sky fjeep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the fnoon -sailing-' up serene in their shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay black across the road; the hedge-rows made the night air odorous, and, far or near..no living thing was to be seen. ' Par' or near! Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his swinging pace, •and looked away afield. His sight was of eagle keenness. What dark moving \- figure was that yonder, crossing a stile,: and vanishing .amid the tall gorse? It was a woman—more, it was familiar even -at that' distance. ;i In a moment his resolution was taken. What woman was this out for a mid might ramble ? She must have come .straight from Scarswood—there was no .other.-habitation near. Captain O’Don nell, set his lips, flung away his cigar tamong- the fern and grasses, vaulted like a boy over the hedge, and in a mo ment was in full pflrsuit. , The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse re-appear ed in the broad moonlit field. A woman —no doubt about that now—a tall wo man. walking swiftly, lightly', grace fully, as only y'oung women ever walk., That stately stature, that pose of the Read and shoulders, surely all were fa miliar — and a quarter-past twelve, alone and in haste! _What mystery.was here? “Some instinct told me, six hours ago, when I recognised her first, that some thing was wrong—I am convinced of it now. Something is wrong. What brings her here—of all people in the world, and in the .character of a nursery governess? And where is'she going at this unearthly hour of night-?” r Still she went on—still the unseen.pur suer followed on her track. She never looked back; straight, swift, as one who has some fixed end in view, she Skent on, and still, steady' and relent -Tess. determined and stern, Redmond O’Donnell followed. Her destination was Bracken Hollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim, buried among its gloomy trees, lonely' and deserted. Ho lights gleamed any'wliere about it; its shutters were closed—unutterably eerie ■and desolate in the white shimmermof the moon. But the nocturnal visitor opened the' grim wooden gate -with a key she carried, relocked it, and for the first time paused to look back. : She saw no one—the trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the pur suer; only' the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless blue sky, the spreading green of earth, and the soft ..night wind ^whispering over all. She -. turned, from ,the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished in the 'inky glooni Of the porch. •"'-Reiimond “O’Donnell emerged from the shadow of- the trees, and approached the gruesome dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his fur ther advance, aiid gazed up the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighborhood he had never come upon this out-of-the-way place; it lay in \- a- spot so. remote, so unfrequented, that few ever did come upon it by chance, and those who knew it gave it a wide berth, -for it bore the ghostly reputation of a haunted house. He stood, his folded arms resting upon the gate, tall sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for—he hardy knew what. 'What ought he-to'do? While he still stood; there irresolute, lost •• in wonder and .a sort of awe, the porch-door opened and .the mysterious lady' he had followed appeared., A sepbnd figure—the bent “form of. a very old woman—came after..* The first was speaking. ■’ . ' V ■—NoV'no, Hannah, y’ou shall-not come.' Afraid! What nonsense! The time foi me to fear anything earthly is pa.st ! Nothing, jiving or dead, will -hai-m me !‘: d wijl.reach Scarswood-in... less titan three-quarters of an hour, ge.t.in as I got 'out, hi spite of all Sir Peter’s chains and locks, -and to-morrow be once more my lady’s staid preceptress of youth..Han nah, /Hannah, what, a life, it .is! Go back; try to keep everything quiet. How for. tunate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, arid no one ever comes here by night'or day. Nothing goes on for. ever— I don’.-t'tvant it to go .cn for ever. ;;My time is'-drawing near; little by littli the light is breaking, and my' day is coming. I will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night!” She ran down the steps, walked .with her firm, resolute, fearless tread down the path, and, as before, lingered a second or two at the gate. The old' woman had gone back to the house, and the tall, dark figure under the firs she did not see. She ,-drew. out her watch, and looked at it by .the .light of the moon. \ “Half-past one!” she murmured. “I had not thought it so late. It will be -a quarter past two, then, before I reach Scarswood!” \- - “Apd a very late hour for Miss Hern castle to be out alone!” ' Obeying an impulse he could not resist, the chasseur emerged from the tree shadows, and stood before her. . I . . “With ,her, permission, I will see - her safely' back.” ... And then, with the bright light of the moon upon his face, Redmond O’Don- ] nell removed his hat and bowed to Miss Herncastle. £ She did not scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in the governess’ • -mins. She stood there quite still, and faced him; but in the moonlight that grey pallor came over the resolu'te face, and the great grey eyes dilated with something of the look of a hunted stag. f “Captain Redmond O’Donnell,” she i said, slowly, “it is you! I breathe again—for one moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but you gave them a shock.” “Yes,” ■ Captain O’Donnell drily an swered, “I think your nerves are good, Miss Herncastle. There are-not many young ladies—not many strong-minded governesses even—who would fancy the long, lonely walk.-between Scarswood and this place between the ghostly^ hours of twelve and two.” ’ . “No doubt* she said, with a sqiile, “you considered it your duty to follow me here to-night—to dog my steps, like hireling assassin of an Italian’no vel—“'o (it is, not. a .pleasant .word, but the word I want) play the spy?” : ' He was walkipg by'iter side. He was lowering <th;<5 pasture bars,of a field as she spoke, fo let her pass-through. • “Spy?” he said'. ” “-Well, yes, I con fess it- looks like- it. ’ Still, injustice to myself and my motives, let me . say | something more than simple curiosity lias been at work to-night.” “And yet, I suppose, the impulse of a gentleman'would he to turn back at once; and’think no more about it. That was, I know, the first thought of Cap tain O’Donnell, the bravest chasseur in all tiiearmy of Africa..,. May I ask why he did not act upon it?” , "Simply for this reason—that Captain ; O’Dohheil recognised 'Miss Herncastle i at sire o’clock last evening as she stood reading ‘Fontenoy.’ ” “Indeed!” Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference. “Recognis ed me, did you ? I am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets of Xiondon probably before I came bare?” “No, madam: I encountered you in a very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and though I may be puzzled to place them for a while, I generally come out right in the end.” “You knew me?” Miss Herncastle re peated, but. her eyes Were gleaming strangely now.. “Well, sir, you know nothing to my discredit. I hope?” “Nothing to your discredit, if you have told -Rady Dangerfield the truth, but baronets’ wives rarely look for their children’s instructresses in the person of —a New York actress.” “Captain 0'DonheIl!” . “Miss Herncastle!” And then there Was a pause, and for an instant-how horribly; thick and fast Miss Hei'neastle’s heart beat only Miss Herncastle ever knew “The play was ‘Hamlet,’ pursued tlie pitiless voice of the' chasseur, “and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played .the doleful Prince-of Denmark. The Ophelia of . the play fas a tall, black-browed, majestic woman, who acted .superbly. Miss Herncastle, I don’t remember the name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side to-night.” She turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture of both hands—the atrical perhaps, but real. “Why should I lie to you? You are a man. You will not betray me. I will tell the truth. I am the New York actress. I am the Ophelia you beheld Six months ago.” “I knew(it,” he' answered, with com posure. “I saw you rhany nights in succession. Now, when. I recognised you, I said to myself : ‘This actress, whom a crowded house applauded to the very echo, night after night, has some motive-^-a sinister one, in all likelihood —in quitting her profession and coming to this house in'the role of governess. For, of course, Dady Dangerfield is in utter ignorance of her antecedents—be lieves whatever story Miss Herncastle Chooses to tell her.” “You stateyour case with.all the piti less grintness of the -stern old judge on the bench,”, said Miss Herncastle, bitter .ly. “But what business is it of yours? Are.,you my-lady’s keeper? Has your own'fate been orderd so smoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard?” Something in her tone moved him— something in that passionate, savage, hunted look of her eyes touched him, he hardly knew why. “No, Heaven knows,” he said, sadly, “my own life lias been no pathway of roses. I am the last man on earth to set up in judgment upon my struggling fellow mortal, and accuse him. I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night’s work, this-night’s discov ery, and your avowal shall be as though they had. never been, Whether I do right or wrong in ccmcealing the truth is much too subtle a question for me— I only know I will eonceal it.” She held out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. “For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, why I have come here, you may one day know. And now shall we say good night?" “How will you'get in?” he asked. “The doors a.nd windows seem bolted for the “Doubly boltea, and doubly barred,” Miss Herncastle replied, with a con temptuous^ laugh, “to keep out burglars and ghosts' — the two bugbears of St. PeLer’slife.' Nevertheless, I will get in. Good night, Captain O’Donnell.” He; lifted-his hat,and-turned at once, j Miss Herncastle stood where lie had left i her, following the' 'tall, gallant figure that crossed the-moonlit field so swiftly.. with'a'strange expression in her eyqs [ and on her. lips.. . 