BOOK III1.-THE WOMAN. (The story as told by Mrs. Carruth.) CHAPTER XXVII. MIR. TOWNSEND IS MADE TO UNDERSTAND. I wondered if he had an inkling of what it was that I might 'have to say to him. He showed no signs of it. But one could not tell. I felt, in stinctively, that his intuition was .every whit as keen as mine. While as for his appearance of perfect ease, it clothed him like a skin. As he lounged in an easy chair I drank in, as it were, the atmosphere of his grace, and elegance, and charm of manner. I felt that I was going to enjoy myself. I believe that the fighting instinct is the strongest in stinct that I have. lkn;ew that, at least, for once in a way, I was going to cross swords with a foeman who was worthy of my steel. I began to play with him, as a pre liminary to: the earnest which was to follow. "I hear that I am to congratulate you, Mr. Townsend." He made a slight movement with his hands-it was a prety little trick he had. "I understand that you are about to make a change in your condition of life. You are about to be married." "In that respect I do deserve your congratulations, for if ever there was a marriage which, to one of the parties at any rate, promised all that the heart of man could desire, it is th:bt on which I am about to enter. '!'herfore, Mr.. Carruth. I do solicit your congratula tions." * He loked me straight in the. face as he said this, a. smile peeping from the corn-,rs of li 'i?:-e. The first score had been wizt bi n. And I felt he knew it.. . "I saw tiat .the engagement was an nounced." "I knew that it was announced-I believe a.t the suggestion of Sir Hasel ton Jardine." "lt was rather an. odd announcement, the one I saw." "Odd? In what way?" "Perhaps the oddity was also part of Sir Hasedlton Jardine's suggestion." "What was there peculiar ahboui the one you saw?" "Well, there was a li'ttle about the marriage, and a good deal about the murder." "What murder?" "The Thr.e!e Bridges murder. It seemed to, me to be rather a funny m.ix?ture. . It was not so much an aln noun.cenim't c, the engagement as of. Sir I-laselton Jardine's connection with I the murder." T "His connecticn with tha murder?" I "As ocun.?,,l for the Crown." t "I'm afraid I don't quite follow your i meaning." I "No? Really?" . He got up. I "I tifcr, M\rs. Carruith, I must tear ( myself away. I have an appointment. which I am inclincd to think is da'ieady 1 overdue." "You musn't go. Did I not tdll you I in my note that I had somethin'g which I plarticularly wished to say 'to you? Hlave you forgotton? I am coming to it now." "I am but too disposed to yield to teml:ptaati on, Mrs. Carruth, being fully. ccnsc.aous of how good it is of you to say anything to me at all." He said t.hat kind of thing with an easy assurance, and an exquisite grace, which rsenmed to rob it of its banality. Resuming his seat, he continued to look me straight in the face. He. gave me no lead. I had to mako one for myself. "It is about the murder." "T'he murder? Every one seems to be talking of that!'" "Are you going to let Mr. Tennant \- hang?" To3 look at him one would not have t imagined that he underatood me in the least. e "I am afraid that that is an issue _ which scarcely rests in my hands. I t wish the poor chap well. I don't know that l:there is anything else that ' I can do 'for him. Is there any talk .+ a pe'ilion being got up in casse he is convicted'?" d "You see, I saw you do it." "You sow me do-wiat?" 9 He asked the question? as cooly as e you please. e "The mmrdier'!" It might have been my fancy, but 1 thought that a. sort of a greyness Le 1zssed for am.oment over his face, and g that thzl pupils of his eyes came to a -po;ant. But certainly he showed no 'e signs of tisucomposure. "I suppose, Mrs. Carriuth, tha.t you are jesting'" "I hlave been jesting. I jest no smore." d He watched me for some seconds I- with anxious scrutiny. Y "What am I to understand you d to mean?" a "You are to understand that I saw you commirt the murder with which e Mr. Tennant stands charged." n He continued to examine my faee, as reading as much of lit, I suppose, as he it dea're.d to read-which, 'possibly, was mr rore -than I intended. Not the slightest sn hadow of at change'took place in his Sown. Having concluded his examina I tion, he got up from 'his chair. He e went to the fireplace. Leaning his e elbow o. the nuan.telboaard, he stood Y looking down into the burning coals. e To judge from his demeanour, what a he, had just now heard possessed only S the smallest personal interest for him. "Where were you?" h "I was on the bank. You almost s threw the lady upon my head." e "Really?" He positively smiled. ° "How do you know it was I?" "I saw you. You stood on the other side of the hedge and stared at me." e He glanced up from the fire. s "Did you irise up, like a sort of ac n cusing spirit, from the middle of the bushes?" "t I did. That kind of thing was n enough to make any one rise." a- "How very odd! Do you know,. I "e took you for a ghost. You gave me e a horrid fright. I took to my heels, !r and ran for my life." > "I know you did. I saw you start off running." He laughed softly. He seemed to find the thing amusing in a way which n began to strike me as a bit uncanny. e His gaze turned to the fire. "Do you knolw, I thought ,that you s were that kind of women from the t first?" "What do you mean? Thast I was what kind of women?" "I meanl nothing disagreeable, on my honour. Only I thought that we might be sympathetic." His words or his manner, or both to gether, cut me as if he had struck me with a lash. So far 'he seemed to be doing all the scoring. I was silent. I still would bide my time. He wont . on- "By the way, how came you to Ie \- upon the bank?" y I liesitaited. Should I tell him any r thing? And, if anyt'i.ng, how much? t I knew that he was watching me. I decided to be frank. I "I fell out of the train." c "What train?" 1 "I was in the same compartment 3 wth this Mr. Tennant. We 'had a a discussion. In the course of it I fell \- out." t "Wh,ile the train was moving?" S "Yes. It was a miracle I was not s killed. As a matter olC fat, I fell among some bushes, and was not even \- scratched." 3 "You say that you fell .out. Do you mean that you fell out with Mr. Ten 5 nnat's help?" 1 "He had nothing to do w'th it. It Swas a pure accident. He may have I thought he had, but hle had not." S"It is possib!e that he thinks you Swere killed ?" "It is extremely possible. VWhen that ' body was found I believe he thought Sthat it was mine." (To. be continued in our next.) An Irishman was one day sent by hais mastcr to purchase a cooking stove. SOn ireaching the ironmongir's shop, 1 Pat'was greatly sur'prised at the fol t ;lowiing a.nnouncement he saw in tile t window:-"Biuy one of our patent cooking stoves; and save half tmhe fuel," "Bedad;"- says Pat. "I'll buy two of them, and save the whole of it." - 