Tkoe Silent Witloss. : Br MRns. J. H. WALWORTH.) OCAPTER IV.-(Conbtmuced.) He resolved to fling one random dart. lIe was curious to discover if it would rebound from a chain-armour of absolute soullessness, or strike and rankle in a heart of flesh and blood. 'I am afraid, madam,'he said, in his most repellant voice, 'that I must ask you to allow me to appoint a cer tain day for conference with you con cernin g your future movements at which time .I shall endeavour to advise you for your very best interests. To-day I should be compelled to give you only divided attention, as I am due in half an hour at my office, to meet an urgent engagement concerning the melancholy matter that has for the past month held agitating sway over a large proportion of our citizens. I allude to the mysterious death of the late Dr. Spencer Whitehurat. His friends seemed resolved to solve the mystery of his taking off, and, al though not professionally engaged, I am watrhing the investigation with all a lawyer's zest.' He had stated a truth. But he vepented him of the statement. After all she was a woman, and he had flung that dart with all his man's strength. Catherine Kendall was looking him keenly in the face-white, alert, with an almost savage gleam in her splendid brown eyes. To cover his remorseful confusion, he stooped and raised Gregory's baby in his arms. In startled amazement the little one turned her big blue eyes upon him, and the hand that held the fatal glove rested trustingly upon his breast. The delicate colour now so hatefully familiar caught his eye and steeled his heart. He muttered a few coaxing commonplaces, and, with an awkward embrace, once more gave Rosa her liberty. 'Shall we say to-morrow, at the same hour, madam ?' he asked, in reference to a second interview. ' If it suits Mr. Gorham's conveni once,' OCatherine replied, slightly ex celling the lawyer in his chosen atti tude of cold reserve. Then he went away; and after he went away he found it herder than ever.to fix his mind upon anything but the Kendall affairs, to which at the last had been added the touching episode of a baby's clinging hand and a baby's tear-gemmed eyes fixed on him in wondering affright. Gregory's baby was pretty, no doubt; but what was there about her that should make it so hard for the busy man of law to forget that velvet touch and those starry eyes? Nothing in little Rosa, only Hugh Gorham-deal ing by force of circumstances with crime and criminals, inured to looking upon hands that were red with the life-blood of -fellow creatures, daily essaying to. probe guilty souls with his keen, incisive gaze--had held a pure little body in his arms, had gazed into crystal-clear, sinless eyes for once, had felt that of such was the kingdom of Heaven, and thrilled with the sense that himself had been nearer to God while Gregory's baby lay upon his breast. While in the house he had just left there went up a wail of anguish. Little Rosa weeping and refusing to be comforted because of the myste • rious disappearance of her precious hid glove. CHAPTER V. nR, conIIa''s EQUIPOISE AGAI~ DISTURBED. '-, 'Turn shopkeeper !' 'Lay aside conventional prejudice, Mr. Gotham, and consider which seems to you the more independent as well as pleasant occupation. A neat little stationer's shop, with books and pictures and pretty things about one, or a musty school- room, filled with noisy, unruly children, dominated by insolent, patronising parents? As for woman's only other beaten path, sew ing for a living, I am disgracefully deficient in that divine art. Baby's aprons are a mystery to me, her dresses a stumbling-block, aild my own garments are fearfully and won Sderfully made.' Thus airily'Gregory Kendall's wife maintained the resolution she had just announced to Mr. Gorham of opening a stationer's establishment for the maintenance of herself and child. 'But the publicity, Mrs. Kendall!' he said, looking a trifle shocked and disgusted. Mrs. Kendall's firm lips looked very much as if they could readily frame the words, 'Hang the publi city !' but instead she said, very mildly: 'I have thought over this matter in all its bearings, Mr. Gor ham, and my mind is fully made up. In the brief explanation Mr. Kendall vouchsafed me, he i~formed me that you had entire control, of his businese affaire, and that I was at liberty to call upon you for funds. When can you let me know the amount of capital I can command to begin trade with?' Her lip curled perceptibly over the word 'trade,' but she looked so hand some, so determined, and withal so sufficient unto herself, that Mr. Gor ham's mental equipoise was again eadly disturbed. Abandoning all idea of further combating her resolution, he sat pulling his long moustache re flectively for some little while, think ing, maybe, that Gregory had proven a deal more manageable than his wife was likely to prove. ' In two weeks,' he said, presently, 'I shall have mastered the details of Gregory's affairs. At which time I shall be able t'o let you know what : funds are atyour command. ' Then, with a shade 'more of in terest creeping over his coldly hand some face, Gregory's friend entered his final protest against the oljection able decision of Gregory's wife to turn shopkeeper : 'Pormit me once more, Mrs. Ken dall, as Gregory's oldest and best friend, to protest most earnestly against this plan of yours.' 'Thank you very much, in your friend's name and in mine, Mr. Gor ham,' she answered quickly, ' for the friendly interest you seem disposed to take in the movements of the wife whom he has failed, most egregiously, to guard from censure or hardships. No doubt you would think all the better of me if I were to open a bon net and ribbon shop; spend my days trimming flimsy hate to adorn flimsy heads; appeal to the external rather than the mental needs of my fellows. I grant you, that would be altogether nicer, prettier, and more orthodox, but, perhaps, you will come to find that I am not nice, nor pretty, nor orthodox in everything-what shall you do then, drop me? Leave me to my own evil devices?' With an inexpressibly 'winning smile she waited for his answer. 'You are aware,' he said, thawed intoa warm, answering smile, 'that the fact of your being an exceedingly handsome woman rather enhances than detracts from the danger of this arrangement.' Apparently, this deliberately uttered tribute to her beauty was altogether thrown away upon Catherine Kendall. for with the hauteur of an insulted queen she turned the full blaze of her handsome eves upon him. 'Danger! I recognise none in this plan. If I were a pretty little fool your objection might carry some weight. Your experience of woman kind has, probably, been derived from the fashionable salons of those effete circles where women are generally conceded weak and helpless in direct proportion to their good looks. Ifully appreciate the fact that I am not destitute of charms likely to win at tention from your sex. But I warn you to beware of falling into the same error about me that my husband weakly fell into, bringing upon us both all this misery and shame and hardship.' ''What error ?' asked the lawyer, gazing with fascinated surprise upon her flashing eyes, flushed cheeks, and heaving bosom. He was utterly un able to conjecture how he had so aroused her. but that she was tho roughly and passionately aroused was unmistakable. ' Come.' Oatherine said, quite calm again, 'if we are to get along com fortably together, and we must, for I shall have great and constant need of my legal adviser, I must make him acquainted with me, as I see a grow ing distrust in his eyes.' Mr. Gorham essayed to interpolate a gallant denial of this charge, but with an outward sweep of her large white hand she seemed to command his silence and attention. 'In the first place,' she began, startling him by coolly holding up some of his own recent speculations for inspection, 'you have been struck by an appearance of indecent haste and utter selfishness in my efforts to establish myself comfortably. In view of the recent rupture of my wedded happiness, I would have been more admirable in your eyes had I wept more and planned less. Now listen to me. 'When I married Gregory Kendall my heart was full of sincere affection for him, for no one knows better than yourself that his means or worldly position could never have won him a wife. I took my marriage vows upon me with the honest intention of being the very best wife I could be to any man. He knew before he married me -knew very well that he would find me altogether unlike the typical young lady of the day. With the exception of a maiden aunt, I grew ip almost entirely without female as sociation or influence. Surrounded by a houseful of brothers, and asso ciating freely with the lads who attended the boys' school which father kept, or rather which kept us, I grew up in a boyish rather than girlish fashion. It is probable that this un girlish rearing gave me a dash of freedom and independence not to be desired in a wife of a super.sensitive, trebly refined man like Gregory Kendall. But Inever tried todeceive him into thinking I was other or better than my real self, in the days of our long courtship-you know he was one of father's boys, before he went to the college where you and he became such friends. Then, every daring thing that I did was bewitching in his eyes; every flippant thing I said, un adulterated wisdom in his ears. 'I was never afflicted with the girlish vanity of making capital of my good looks, and men's admiration has always been to me a thing of course and of insignificance. It was not that I changed after marriage that things seemed to go so persistently wrong with Gregory and me; it was rather that I did not change. He seemed to expect me 'all of a sudden to develop certain ortho dox wifely attributes that would have sat upon me as unnaturally as violets from a sunflower stalk; was mildly surprised to find that I was not of a sort of rejuvenated copy of his own primly correct mother. 'I had been a sort of brevet.queen over father and the boys all my life, and I could not at the bidding of an Episcopdal clergyman doff my crown of sovereignty and play the r6le of\ meek and loyal subject of my liege. Ah! well, why go on? Was it my fault that Gregory wooed a sunflower and resented its not turning to a violet ? Was it my fault that the white-robed conjuror who pronounced us man and wife did not cry "Presto ! change !" and eliminate all that was airy and gay and dashing in me, leav ing me all womanly, all meekness, all ivifely ? 'I think, Mr. Gorham, if husband and wife would agree in their hearts, as well as before the altar, .to take each other for better or for worse, the better would be so much better, and the worse never too late to be borne. 'Being, then; just the kind of woman I was, you can imagine my profound indignation, contempt, and disgust when I found that the ruling passion of my husband seemed to be jealousy, that alert, sleepless, narrow souled jealousy that can feed on its own flavourless imaginings and find ailment in trifles light as air. 'I suppose if I had wept womanly tears and begged my husband's pardon for wrongs I had never done him, and promised amendment where I had not gone astray, he would have soothed me, forgiven me, and mag nanimously received me back into the place I had done nothing to forfeit. But I was no Griselda. When ac cused, it was my wont to fling his foolish accusations back at him in wrath, or laugh them to scorn, justas a dark or careless mood happened to be upon me. 'I wish it had been otherwise, for I loved my husband, and I did want to make him happy. But the leopard could not change her spots. And now that Gregory's ungoverned, rashness has brought things to the present miserable crisis, am I to sit in sack cloth and ashes bewailing a catas trophe that I scarcely even understand, while baby and I grow ragged and huntry ?' 'Your mother ?' the lawyer ven tured,; thinking to advise Catherine to seek the shelter of the home nest until this storm should have blown over. 'Is dead,' she answered. 'And all those brothers ?' 'Have wives, who would scowl at me for a women who (it matters not how unwittingly) had created a scan dal. No, no, I am not afraid of work, Mr. Gorham. In the happiest days of my married life (and the days were not all unhappy, in spite .of peevish, jealous exactions on one side, and angry, indiscreet resentment on the other) I used to talk of winning laurels as a writer. I have had many a girlish production honoured by edi torial acceptance. Now, in my loneli ness, that dream has come back upon me, and, like Banquo's ghost, it will not down. This is why I have decided in favour of a book store over a rib bon shop. It will leave me more leisure for the real work of my life, for you know the demand for reading mat ter is not that insatiable hunger that new bonnets and fresh ribbons beget, and I shall live in an atmo sphere of good books favourable to the production of good ideas. (Te be continued.) 