on, THE MYSTERY OF SLACK MOL -"^W GRANGE. CHAPTER VI.—Co.ntixued. “ lie insulted me anu A staoDeu mm, sne explained, as she turned toward the new comer—“not seriously, however,as I struck him in the shoulder. X think he has fainted 1" “No, I haven’t," prowled the wounded man, getting on his feet again ; ‘‘ but you've given me an ngly wound, and I’ll have your life lor it.’’ “ Stand back, sir,” thundered the other man, his tall head towering above them. “If the wound was in your craven heart, ’twould serve you right. IIoiv dare you insult a woman ?" Then turning toward Lenore, ho removed his Highland cap, aad said : “ I beg your pardon, madam. If there is any assistance J can render you, I am at vimr service." Something-in the kingly form and massive brow, and in tbe deferential Toice, inspired the cirl with a feeling of confidence. 1 ‘‘ If you please, sir, put me in the right way to Piedmont Station,” islic said, quietly. “ Certainty : this way, if you please ; Pied mont lies io’our left;” he replied, bowing low before her, as he added, “Allow me to guide you thither.” He started on, and, without a word, Miss Trevethon walked by his side, leaving her wounded admirer standing in the moonlit path. His dark face grew fearfully threaten ing as he gazed after her. “An eye for nn eye, a tooth for a tooth, a blow for a blow—that’s my code,” he mut tered, his teeth set. “I’d know you in Hades, with your glittering eyes and yellow hair,my tiwmagent, and I'll hunt creation over, but I’ll find you and settle this score.” Meanwhile Miss Trevethon accompanied her guide, mi til the lights of Piedmont twinkled through the gloom. He had not asked her a single question relativo to her strange position. He merely gave her that courteous care which every true man owes to an unprotected woman, and the girl s heart notn.i.vlndgftd this chivalrous kindness with a thrill of admiring interest such ns no other man had over awakened. “I see the train just coming,’1 ho remarked, as they reached the platform. "Wa are just in time. Are you going far ?” “Only to the next station, sir.” “If von are at all afraid, and would like me todo so, I will cheerfully accompany you to your journey's end.” Lenore smiled up at him, and put’ out her slim, while hand, its diamonds and emeralds flashing in the light. “ I thank you sincerely, sir, but there is no necessity. 1 shall he quite safe, now, and I will not trespass upon your kindness any further. Voii have done me a great service, and I am grateful.” He took the soft hand and bowed his hand tome head over it. “Oh, you are more than welcome ! I only wish I coulil further oblige you." The train came steaming up. 'Tou are sure," he continued, “ there is nothing more I can do for you ?” “Nothing, sir, thank you, unless you will tell me the name of the man who does not hesitate to pay due deference to a lady, .even if her position chances to be question able.” The towering head was hared again, and oowed before her. “ My name is Ambrose Gerhart.” “ I shall not forget it, nor the service you nave done me,” she replied, as he assited her on board the train. The carriage door closed, the engine ut tered a shriek, and flew on again ; butstand iug in the moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face and radiant eyes fromjthe window, and once more lifted his cap. “ She is some princess in disguise," he murmured. “ A lady one can see at a glance.and as lovely as Of} dreams the angels are ! There are ug.-jch women as she in m,j vftr'ld' r^ilr'wfihdcr if I shall ever see her ,°Hc sighed as the l td light on the rear of the flying train faded in tbe distance, and the next moment broke into a laugh at his ov-n j foilr. , “What a fcol I am,” he muttered, ‘ not to be content with what I’ve got 1 If one lias the glow-worms, why should one pine for the stars? Ah, well, L won’t stand here and dream ; my good mother’s oat-cakes will all jpoil with waiting, and tbe lambs and kids are to be folded yet.” • He drew his Highland cap over his cluster ing locks and strode on at a rapid pace. At the extreme edge of the Black nollow, oelow the manor, he saw a strange figure ad vancing toward him in the moonlight—the figure of an old man, bent and stooping.witn aead and beard like snow. “ Who comes now ?” thought Ambrose. > No such character as that inhabits these parts. Who can he be 2” “ Hello ! good father !“ be exclaimed aloud, • which way are yon faring ?" The old figure paused, and turned on Ambrose a face that looked strikingly youth ful in contrast with his snowy locks. “ I, sir 1 Where am I going? Why, back to Moreton House, to be sure I Did they send you to hurry me ? I’ve overstayed my time, I confess.” "No, sir, no one has sent for you I I merely asked which way you were going ; you look as if you might be a stranger here abouts." The old man stroked his rippling white ocard, and laughed a soft, musical laugh. “Do I? Ah, well, I suppose I am a stranger; this is an odd world, and it puzzles me. Yes, yes, I'm a stranger. I've been stopping at the old manor yonder.” “ What? The haunted manor?" _ “The haunted manor, sir, making tbe ghosts a visit. I’m not afraid of them.” “Ana what may your name oe, Birr u \ you’ll allow me to ask. ’ | “My name, young sir? Well, they call l me King Lear at the Moreton House, and that’ll do tor you. I had another name once, but no matter. When the time comes you | shall hear it. Some folks call me a lunatic j I do you think T look like one?” “ I think you look like a gentleman. I | should take you for one of the old lord3 that used to live up yonder.” “ Would you, now ? Ha 1 ha! ha 1 What an observing young man you are. And your face. Heaven bless me, where have I seen yon before ?” I think this is our first meeting, King “ Will you smile again, if you please, young "^Ambrose showed all his white teeth. “ Good heavens, what a likeness I I never saw such a likeness. The_ very smile, and a clear-cut, manly face. Young sir, will you tell me your name?” “ Ambrose Gerhart, sir.” “ And you live in these parts ?" “ In Lite cottage below there. Suppose you go down with me ; the night is advanced, and X must hurry on, or my'good mother’s oat cakes will spoil with waiting.” *• Nay, thanking you all the same, hut I must hurry on. I am going hack lo the Moreton House, and I’ve overstayed mv time now. I only run down once in a while to look after the old house. It is going to ruin sadly, and it breaks my heart to see it. But as soon as I get affairs untangled, and secure the ruins again, anti between vis yqung man, T was a fool to let them din. i’ll hold fast and then 1 shall have the Grange repaired and thrown open for visitors. I shall be glad to see you. Mr. Gerhart, for I’m particu larly struck with your face. No doubt you’ve heard of the Trevethons ?’ rl “ Oh, yes, sir; I’ve seen Sir Geoffrey ire velhon I” , , , , “ Indeed I May I ask when and where. “ At Lyndith Hail, where he now lives. “Sir Geoffrey Trexcthon’l Mr. Gerhart, arc you sure you saw him V’ “ I am indeed.” , “ Sir Geoffrey ! Weil, bless my soul, this 13 an odd world 1 You saw Sir Geoffiey jirevethon at Lyndith Hall!” Ambrose smiled at"what he believed to bo > madman’s vagaries. "I certainly saw him at LyndiiU Hall. About two vears ago I went across with a 3rove of cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, and & very pleasant anil hospitable gentleman he “ No doubt. Ha I ha ! ha 1 the best jo:;e if the season that. I really think, Mr. Ger Dart, we shall he compelled to have you at Moreton House. \ ou surely belong there. But, bless my soul, I must hurry on I Good aiglit. I shall look to see you when I open the Grange.” “ Well," mused Ambrose, watching him as de disappeared, " the last wonder iB greater than ’.he first. Who can he be ? A mad man, course; but he has the air o£ 8 