The Widow's Wager (Br ROSE ABHLEIGH.) ORAPTER XXXII.-Continued. While the deputy of the court retired to summon the unknown wit ness, the crowd gathered up their fluctuating faculties, and once more the green curtain of the jury room drew the gaze of the thousand eyes with a spell weird and potent as trem bled round the mystic veil of Isis. A confused murmur of low voices was heard behind the curtained en trance, the door of which was now open on the inside, then succeeded a silence .that throbbed as with life. A moment later the curtain lifted, and the figure of a veiled woman passed to the witness stand. At a given sign from the judge, the witness turned herself to the jury, took the solemn oath to "speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, .so held her God." The veil that shaded her features from recognition was now thrown aside, and the cold, pale, passionless face of a woman, with grey hair and stolid eyes, met the gaze of the throng -and the woman was Sarah Howe, the housekeeper of Exmoor. ' Sarah Howe, in the name of God, can you say, on your oath, that this is the pistol which you took from the breast of the prisoner at the bar, being tried for her life ?' The full, deep tones of an organ seemed to have swelled along the grooved roof of the building as these words rose slowly and solemnly from the lips of Aubrey Nelson, where he stood beside the accused, holding the deadly missile in his small, woman like hand. The grandeur and volume alone of those wonderful chest tones that made a striking feature in the great lawyer's splendid oratory, might well have filled the breast of the witness with awe, and the assembly with admiration Until now Mr. Nelson had taken no part whatever in the trial, nor uttered a word, nor changed his position, fur ther than to sit instead of stand by the prisoner. He was on his feet now, and from the platform of the dock towered above the heads that surrounded him. His superb crest, his nervous gesture, his striking attitude, his magnetic eye, above all, his voice, produced a strange and tremulous sensation. The witness alone seemed insensible to its effect-not a ray of feeling came from the pale blue eyes, not a shade of any emotion troubled the inflexible features as she answered, in a clear, monotonous way, when the weapon was handed up to her by the clerk of the court, and whom she waved aside : ' I can say, on my oath, in the name of God, that this is not the pistol that I took from the breast of the prisoner at the bar.' 'Can you describe the difference between this and the weapon you did take from the accused ?' A faint, grim smile flickered like a passing shadow over the hard, icy fa.ce of the witness, and she said, with a colder, clearer emphasis: ' No, and for the simple reason that I took no weapon, then nor at any other time, from Ethel Haughton.' ' Woman, what can you mean ?' asked the judge, sternly, as he looked over his spectacles at the placid cduntenance of Sarah Howe.' ' I mean this, that I am here on my oath to speak the whole truth, and may God Almighty silence my tongue forever if I utter one syllable that is not true. I never took any pistol or weapon from Ethel Haughton's per son. I never said I took one. I never made the affidavit which is signed with my name. I never signed my name to any paper connected with this case. Up to this moment I have been a passive and silent partner to the most damnable treachery that ever threatened the honour of a pure and innocent being. I had my own rea sons for this. I have done nothing from first to last but keep silent; my silence or apparent acquiescence has been an instrument in- the hands of a certain man to destroy the reputation, if not the -life, of the woman who sits yonder in the place where that man should be sitting at this moment. And the man who has defamed, or tried to defame, the honour of that innocent woman, is the man who killed Hugh Haughton-who made and substituted a false will for the true will- who stole the false will he had palmed off on the heirs from the cabinet in the library at Exmoor before it could be recorded, in order to east further suspicion on.Ethel Haugh ton's character-who afterward for a reason known to her, and to him, and to me, caused Ethel Haughton to be indicted and imprisoned for the murder of her husband. Every word ef this statement can and will be proved by facts, and circumstances, and testimony of the highest, now in .... possession of the prisoner and ,her counsel. And the name of that man is Irving Griswold!' Had a bolt from heaven falleni through the roof, and - smitten the gaping crowd, the consternation could not have been wilder than when, with straightened and pointing hand, the witness indicated the man whose name she called. All eyes followed that denouncing hand, and rested on the form it pointed to. There he sat still, but instead of leaning on his arm, and shading his eyes with his hand, he laid his arm across the pile of books, and dropped his forehead on his arm, so that his countenance was entirely covered from the battery of horrified looks that poured a deadly rain of scorn and fury on the crime-blackened head that bowed to hide his ignominy. Only an instant before his name was uttered had he taken that abject pos ture. He felt the death-dart coming from the stony lips that spoke it, and had, with his characteristic principle, stooped to avoid the level stroke. While the silence of a palpable and disgustful indignation held the court enthralled, the austere voice of the judge broke the spell. ' Mr. Sheriff, arrest the man, Irving Griswold, in the name of the law.' With his baton of office in one hand, the sheriff crossed the parquette of the hall, and laid the other on the shoulder of the prisoner. ' Mr. Griswold, by command of the Court, in the name of the law, you are my prisoner,' said the sheriff, in a loud, stern tone. There was no answer. The bowed head stirred not; the still form gave no responsive motion to the grip of the insulted and violated law. By the command of the Highest Court, in the name of the Highest Law, Irving Griswold was the prisener of that dreadest officer, whose grasp is never loosened, from whose dungeon door no footsteps return to the light of the sun. The Tudge of all the earth had passed sentence on the murderer of Hugh Hanghton. The widow had won her wager. OHAPTER XXXIII.-MAY TIME. June hath an airy tread wherewith to cross the beds of bloom that men call forth, and soft as phantoms threading the dusky ways of dreams, glide the hours over happy hearts. The summer time has come and gone; the harvest fields grown yellow with the golden waves of ripened corn, and the dreary dan garments of another winter trailed their chill length across the reapen land, and now the music of the springtime steals in swells along the emerald shore, and whispers through the bud ding forests, and murmurs in the sweat aea wind. Nature has breathed her benediction on the reviving earth, and every creature under the serene sky is quickened with a sense of re newed existence. Even the gray old towers of Exmoor wear a softer shade in the warm golden haze of the slumberous afternoon. The sun is leaning to the outer "gates of day," and all is peace and beauty. Ethel Haughton site alone in her favourite spot, the little white pagoda in the garden. Wreaths of jasmine swing their rich censers of perfume through all the carved archways. Slanting sunbeams fall athwart the delicate head, and the sweet, dreamy face, and the soft, snowy folds of gos samer muslin that robe the elegant form of Mrs. Haughton. A bunch of the fragrant golden bells of the jasmine are fastened at her throat, and no other bit of colour tints the immaculate purity of her toilet. At a little distance out upon the sunny walk, his head among the blooming mignonette that grows along its border, lies Haroun, fast asleep. The calm, the warm voluptuous re pose that spelled the lotus eaters in the land where 'it seemed always afternoon,' hung in the opaline atmos sphere, and hushed the balmy breath of the low wind that stole with sound less wing across the early roses and the violet beds. Far down the shady path that led to the beach there came a strain of melody, so weird and sweet that it waked dreams of Triton sounding on his golden shell, and calling mermaids from the tideless sea to meet him on the fair Italian coast. It was not the note of any bird, nor flute, nor pipe, but it held the music of them all attuned to blending harmonies more sweet than any. As Ethel heard it, she lifted her small head with the quick, startled movement of a -gazelle who hears across the forest glades the loving call of its mate. A rich bloom, softer than the velvet of the damask roses just beyond, dyed her cheek, and light like star-beams came into her clear, dark eyes, that now gazed with tremulous eagerness down the woody way whence came the fairy notes, and as she looked, she saw the shaggy form of Haroun, who had risen noiselessly from his slumber, hearing in dreams a sound he knew right well, speeding along the path. An envious shadow swept over her watching glance. She seemed to wish herself in Haroun's place, and more still when a moment after she saw him leap up and place his greatpaws upon the shoulders of a tall man, who now stood just in sight, and brush with his black muzzle the silky length of auburn beard that she was so jealous any creature should touch, or even look upon too closely. ' Down with you now, you grim old Turk !' said the gentleman, patting the dog's head, and walking on till he reached the arched entran6e in a hedge of myrtles just beyond the alcove. There he stopped, framed by the dark green branches, and smiling to Ethel, held out his hands to her. She did not move, but a tremor crept through all her frame, and a sweet trouble, as of longing hesitation, filled her glowing face. 'Yes, you shall come to me, just for once, you shy, coy thing, that lets even your dog seem gladder for my coming than you.' The color throbbed under her pearl. white skin, and the breath came quick from her bright,' parted lips, and she seemed struggling not to obey the inviting hands, the level rays of tawny light that streamed on her from those compelling eyes; but at last she moved slowly, with the quiet languor of a somnambulist, and passed to his side, placing her quivering hands in his palms. ' You are a tyrant most inexorable,' she said, softly, as he drew her close to him, and pressed her flushed face to his breast. 'Yes, love; who would not be a tyrant to win the sweet submission of this pure, gentle being ?' ' You have queer names for things, it seems to me. I would not call the results of your despotism winning, exactly.' ' Then you have come against your will, and wish to be set free ? Is that it, my little captive ? Well, there! your bonds are loosed !' And he unfolded his glad arms for her; but with that proverbial caprice of her sex, that has been by some ex tremists denominated perversity, she :dxna. ' You won't go? Very well; now blame your own wilful self for all the future miseries of your own captivity; and, furthermore, listen to your sen tence of imprisonment for life. The stern triumvirate-papa, mamma, and your tyrant-have this day decided you doom; you are to be chained to your tyrant, after the awful mode of mediteval punishment, that fastened a murderer to the body of his victim, never to be severed from it till Fate cut the pitiless links with the scythe of Death. Also, there is to be no further reprieve of the sentence. Mrs. Grundy has been considered quite long enough, and ere the May moon wanes from her splendor, you are to be borne away to some 'lone isle of the sea,' and abandoned to your fate. Ah, you shiver with tenor; no wonder, it is very dreadful, but so was your crime, when you poisoned the sub lime repose of a philosopher who be lieved himself invulnerable to the witcheries of women.' ' At east I am glad 1 am not to suffer my captivity yonder,!' said Ethel, smiling through the crimson veil of her blushes, as she pointed to the chateau. ' But you are, though, after a while. Why not ?' She shuddered faintly, remembering the dreadful past, and whispered : ' I have suffered so much there.' ' Oause the more why you shall be happy theret My own love, when I took this bruised heart into my hand to heal it of all its wounds, I swore to draw the sting from every puncture .made by the venomous fang of ad verse fate in my darling's life-and so I shall, please God! And here, where the shadows lay the darkest, shall you find that a great, pure love can shed a glory that will efface the very memory of any sadness. My triumph would be but half complete if I could not with my love's sunshine scare all the ghosts from out those sorrow haunted chambers.' 'You are always right,' said Ethel, tenderly and proudly, as she lifted up her face to meet the warm smile of her lover's lips. ' But you have for gotten to name another and the best reason why we should live at Exmoor.' ' And what is that, sweet oracle ?' 'Why, to teach the Elktonians that a stranger and an alien r.ay decorate, and not profane, the proud old halls of its arch aristocracy.' Erl Cassidy smiled half contemptu ously as he replied, stroking the dark waves of Ethel's hair : 'Why, my little Ethel, there are more quarterings on my ancestral shield than any Haughton of them all ever dreamed of. But for me the dead past may bury its dead and wel come. Honor and virtue confer the only true nobility, and the rusted blazonry of heraldic signs but mock the crumbling ruins of a house dilapi dated and a manhood sunken and degenerate. lain pride of birth and blood, without the vital strength of pure ambition and of valiant deeds, is quite as sad a spectacle as the grand old monarch of the forest, sapped and rotten to its core, leafless and dead, and nowhere verdant save where the weedy poisonous parasite clings round the .naked branches. All that Er] Cassidy needs or wants of Exmoor, or the world, is here, close clasped upon his heart.' Softly the velvet dusk of twilight stole upon the happy lovers while they talked together of the summer-time of joy fast budding into bloom for them. Palely the holy stars throbbed like radiant gems upon. the-wide breast of the cloudless sky, and the sacred hush of passionate content that only pure love can know spelled the rapt souls that caught in every pass ing breeze an echo from the eternal paradise of immortal love. Ere the May moon waned, as Dr. Cassidy had threatened, Ethel's doom was fixed. One bright May morning a dainty, pearl-gray figure, leaning on the doctor's arm, stood up before the surpliced preacher in the little boudoir of Exmoor, where Ethel first learned the secret of her heart, and sweetly murmured happy vows that made Erl Caesidy her fate forever; and then they sailed away toward the sunrise to pass the summer on the ' everlasting hills ' of the Old World; nor returned till just in time to light the yule-fires in the vast chimney caverns of Exmoor Chateau. The world of Elkton mightily strain ed its arms to gather to its elite circles the proud master of the ancient castle, but somehow the doctor never seemed to appreciate to the full its noble con descension. Always gentle, always kind, he remained always cold and reserved, save to those whose loving lord he was, and Ethel wondered many a day where all the goblins of the dim, warm chambers had vanished to. To Mr. and Mrs. Dorsay, and ' the children,' Exmor Was the El Dorado golden in all senses. There was a new postmaster, too, in the room of poor Val Ramsay, who shortly after the trial had moved away from Elkton, and gone no man knew whither, and none cared. The Widow Howe had sqld Prim Farm, and taken her daughter's children with her to join some rela tives in another State, and soon the bright waves of happier years closed over the dark story of the Haughton tragedy, and even the ver~y name of that arrogant race seemed to have passed with them into the shadows where all vain and useless things are lost. In the vast economy of Providence it is and must be ever true that ' Only/ the ood aurvivee.' [_?HE END,] 