AN ORIGINAL BELLE. BY EDWARD P. ROB, ~' CHAPTER XXII. Sleep, which Marian said would cut short her father's threatened panegyrics of Mer tvjh, did not eome speedily. The young girl had too much food for thought. She knew that Mrs. Strahan bad not, dur ing the past summer, misunderstood her son's faithful nurse. In spite of all preju dice and resentment, in spite of the annoy ing tact taat be would intrude so otten upon her thoughts, she had to admit the truth that he was greatly changed, and that? while she might be the .cause, she could take to herself no credit for the transformation. To others she had given sincere and cordial en couragement. Towards him she had been harsh and frigid. He must, indeed, possess a hardy nature, or else a cold persistence that almost made her shiver, it was so in domitable. She felt that she did not understand him; and she both shrunk from his character and was fascinated by it. She could not now charge him with disregard of her feelings and lack of delicacy. His visits had ceased when he_ believed them to be utterly repug nant; he had not availed himself of the op portunity to see her often afforded by Stra ban's illness, aud had been quick to take the hint that he could send his reports to her ''father. ' There had been no effort to make her aware of his self-sacrificing devotion to her friend. The thing that was irritating her was that he could approach so nearly to her standard and yet fail in a point that to her was vital. His course indicated un known characteristics or circumstances, and she felt that she could never give him her confidence and unreserved regard while he fell short of the test of manhood which she believed that the time demanded. If undeis neath all his apparent changes for the bet ter there was an innate lack of courage to _ meet danger and hardship, or else a cold cal culating purpose not to take these risks, she would shrink- from him in strong repulsion. She knew that the war had developed not a few constitutional cowards— men to be pit ied, it is true, but with a commiseration that, in her case, would be mingled with con tempt. On the other hand, if he reasoned, 'I will win her if I can; I will do all and more than she can ask, but I will not risk the loss of a lifetime's enjoyment of my wealth,' she would quietly inform him by her manner, 'Enjoy your wealth. I can have no part in such a scheme of existence; I will not give my hand, even in friendship, to a man who would do less than I would, were I in his place.' If her father was right, and he had scru ples of conscience, or some other unknown restraint, she felt that she must know all before she would give her trust and more. If he could not satisfy her on these points, as others had done so freely and spontaneously, he had no right to ask or expect more from her than ordinary courtesy. Having thus resolutely considered anti dotes for a tendency towards relentings not at all to her mind, and met, as she believed, her father's charge of unfairness, her thoughts, full of sympathy and hope, dwelt upon the condition of her friend. Recalling the past and the present, her heart grew very tender, and she found that he occupied in it a foremost place. Indeed, it seemed to her a species of disloyalty to permit anyone to approach his place and that of Mr. Lane, for both formed an inseparable part of her new and more earnest life. She, too, had changed, and was changing. As her nature deepened and grew stronger it was susceptible of deeper and stronger Influences. Under the old regime pleasure, excitement, triumphs of power that minis* tered to vanity, had been her superficial mo tives. To the degree that she had now at tained true womanhood, the influences that act upon and control a woman were in the ascendant. Love ceased to dwell in her mind as a mere fastidious preference, nor could marriage ever be a calculating choice, made with the view of securing the greatest advantages. She knew that earnest men loved her without a thought of calculation loved her for herself alone. She called them friends now, and to her they were no more as yet. But their downright sincerity made her sincere and thoughtful. Her esteem and affection for them were so great that she was not at all certain that circumstances and fuller acquaintance might not develop her regard towards one or the other of them Into a far deeper feeling. In their absence, their manly qualities appealed to her imag ination. She had reached a stage in spiri tual development where her woman's nature was ready for its supreme requirement. She could be more than friend, and was conscious of the truth; and she believed that her heart would make a positive and final choice in ac cord with her intense and loyal sympathies. In the great drama of the war centred all that ideal and knightly action that has ever been so fascinating to her sex, and daily conversation with her father had enabled her to understand what lofty principles and great destinies were involved. She had been shown how President Lincoln's proclama tion, freeing the slaves, had not only aimed a fatal blow at the chief enemies of liberty in this land,- but in all lands. Mr. Vosfcurgh was a philosophical student of history, and, now that she had become his companion, he made it clear to her how the present was linked to the past. Instead of being im bued with vindictiveness towards the South, Bhe was made to see a brave, self-sacrificing, but mislead people seeking to rivet their own chains and blight the future of their fair land. Therefore, a man like Lane, capable of appreciating and acting upon these truths, took heroic proportions in her fancy, while Strahan, almost as delicate as a girl, yet brave as the best, won, in his straightforward simplicity, her deepest sym pathy. The fact that the latter was near, that his heart had turned to her even from under the shadow of death, gave him an ascendency for the time. 'To some such man I shall eventually yield,' she assured herself, 'and not to one who brings a chill of doubt, not to one un mastered by loyal impulses to face every danger which our enemies dare meet' Then she slept, and dreamt that she saw Strahan reaching out his hands to her for help from dark, unknown depths. She awoke sobbing,and, under the confused impulse of the moment, exclaimed: 'He shall have all the help I can give; he shall live. While he is weaker, he is braver than Mr. Lane. He triumphed over hjmselt and everything. He most needs me. * Mr. Lane is strong in himself. Why should 1 be raising such lofty standards of self sacrifice when I cannot give love to one Who most needs it, most deserves it?' CHAPTER XXIII. Strahan's convalescence need not be dwelt upon, nor the subtle aid given by Marian through flowers, fruit, and occasional calls upon his mother. These little kindnesses were tonics beyond the physician's skill, and he grew stronger daily. Mrs. Strahan believed that, things were taking their natural couse, and, with the delicacy of a lady, was content to wel* come the young girl in a quiet, cordial inan ner. Merwyn tacitly accepted the mother's view, which she had not wholly concealed in the sick room, and which he thought had been confirmed by Marian's manner and in terest. With returning health Strahan's old sense of humor revived, and he. often smiled and sighed over the misapprehension. Had he been fully aware of Marian's mood, he might have given his physician cause to look grate over an apparent return of fever. In the reticence and delicacy natural t? all the actors in this little drama, thoughts were unspoken, arid events drifted on ta accord ance wi^';th£. djd- relations. Marwyp's self itnposed 'duties of nurse became lighter, and he took much-needed rest. Strahan felt for him the strongest good-will and gratitude, but grew more and more puzzled about him. Apparently the convalescent was absolutely frank concerning himself. He spoke of his esteem and regard for Marian as he always had done; his deeper affection he never breathed to any one, although he believed the young girl was aware of it, and he did not in the least blame her that she had no power, as he believed, to give him more than friendship. Of his military plans and hopes he spoke without reserve to Merwyn, but in re turn received little confidence. He could not doubt the faithful attendant who had virtually twice saved his life, but soon found a barrier of impenetrable reserve which did not yield to any manifestations of friendli ness. Strahan at last came to believe that it veiled a deep, yet hopeless i-egard for Marian. This view, however, scarcely ex plained the situation, for he found his friend even more reticent in respect to the motives which kept him a civilian. 'I'd give-six anonths' pay,' said the young officer, on one occasion, 'if we had you in our regiment, and I ain satisfied that I could obtain a commission for you. You would be sure of rapid promotion. Indeed, with your wealth and influence you could secure a lieutenanfrneolonelcy in a new regiment by spring. Believe ine, Merwyn, the place for us young fellows is at the front in these times. My blood's up— what little I have left— and I'm bound to see the scrimmage out. You have just the qualities to make a good officer. You could control and dis cipline men without bluster or undue harsh* ness. We need such officers, for an awful lot of cads have obtained commissions.7' Merwyn had walked to a window so that his friend could not see his face, and at last he replied, quietly, and almost coldly: 'There are some things, Strahan, in respect to which one cannot judge for another. I am as loyal as you are now, but I must aid the cause in my own way. I would prefer that you should not say anything more on this subject, for it is of no use. I have taken my course, and shall reveal it only by my action. rThere is one thing that I can do, and shall be very glad to do. I trust we are euch good friends that you can accept of my offer. Your regiment has been depleted. New men would render it more effective and add to your chances of promotion. It will be some time before you are fit for active service. I can put you in the way of doing more than your brother-officers in the regiment, even though you are as pale as a ghost. Open a recruiting office near your country iiome again — you can act at present through a ser geant—and I will give you a cheque which will enable you to add to the Government bounty so largely that you can soon get a lot of hardy country fellows. No one need know where the money comes from except ourselves.' Strahan laughed, and said: 'It is useless for me to affect squeamishness in accepting favors from you at this late day. I believed you saved my life last summer, and now you are almost as haggard as I am from watch ing over me. I'll take your offer in good faith, as I believe you mean it. I won't pose as a self-sacrificing patriot only. I confess that I am ambitious. You fellows used to call me 'little Strahan.' You are all right now, but there are some who smile yet when my name is mentioned, and who regard my epaulettes as a joke. Fveno doubt that they are already laughing at the inglorious end of my military career. _ I propose to prove that I can be a soldier as well as some bigger and more bewhiskered men. I have other motives also;' and his thought was, 'Marian may feel differently if I can win a colonel's eagles.' Merwyn surmised as much, but he only said, quietly: 'Your motives are as good as most men's, and you have px*oved yourself a brave, efficient officer. That would be enough for me, had I not other motives also.' 'Hang it all! I would tell you my mo tives if you would be equally frank.' 'Since I cannot be, you must permit me to give other proofs of friendship. Nor do I expect, indeed I should be embarrassed by receiving, what I cannot return.' 'You're an odd fish, Merwyn. Well, I have ample reason to give you my faith and loy alty, as I do. Your proposition has put new life into me already. I needn't spend idle weeks ? ' 'Hold on. One stipulation. Your physi cian must regulate all your actions. Re member that here, as at the front, the physi cian is, at times, autocrat' Merwyn called twice on Marian during his friend's convalescence, and could no. longer complain of any lack of politeness. Indeed, her courtesy was sligh^y tinged with cor diality, and she took occasion to speak of her appreciation of his vigils at Strahan's side. Beyond this she showed no disposition to wards friendliness. At the same time, she could not even pretend to herself that she was indifferent. He piqued both her pride and her curiosity, for he made no further effort to reveal himself or. to secure greater favor than she voluntarily bestowed. She believed that her father looked Upon hef course as an instance of .feminine prejudice, of resentment prolonged iinnatdrally and ca priciously — that he was saying to himself, 'A man would quarrel and have done with it after amends were made, but a wo man ? ' 'He regards this as my flaw, my weak ness, wherein I differ from him and his kind,' she thought. 'I can't help it. . Cir cumstances have rendered it impossible for me to feel toward Mr. Merwyn as toward other men. I have thought the matter out and have taken my stand. If he wishes more than I now give he must come up to my ground, for I shall not go do,Wn to his.' She misunderstood her father. That saga cious gentleman said nothing, and quietly awaited developments. It was a glad day for Arthur Strahan when, wrapped and muffled beyond all dan ger, he was driven, in a close carriage, to make an afternoon visit to Marian. She greeted him with a kindness that warmed his very soul, and even inspired hopes which he had, as yet, scarcely dared to entertain. Time sped by with all the old easy inter change of half -earnest nonsense. A deep chord of truth and affection vibrated through even jest and merry repartee. Yet, so pro found are woman's intuitions In respect to some things, that, now she was face to face with him again, she feared, befoi'e an hour passed, that he could never be more to her than when she had given him loyal friend ship in the vine-covered cottage in the coun try. ' ? 'By the way,' he remarked, abruptly, 'I suppose you never punished Merwyn as we both, at one time, felt that he deserved? He admits that he calls upon you quite frequent ly, and speaks of you in terms of strongest respect. You know I am his sincere, grate ful friend henceforth. I don't pretend to un derstand him, but I trust him, and wish Mm well from the depths of my heart.' ....?,.. 'I also wish him well,' Marian remarked, quietly. . ' ''???.??-/.? ;..;;.-',?-, He looked at her doubtfully for ajnclBaent, then said: 'Well, I suppose you TaAye 'reasons for-, resentment, -but I assure you vie has changed very greatly.' ?-.'.-? 'How do you know that, when you don't understand him?' (To be c6fiHnued.V, ' - ;: ' 