ttalrs and ^lictchcs. The Dagger and The Cross! By JOSEPH HATTOK, Author, of 'By Order of Czar,' ' Wbeo Greek meets Greek/' 'Clytie,' Princess Mazarofi,' 'Cruel London,' 'Under tfa? Great Sea!,' &c;,&c; (COPTFJCHT.) t Chapteb XXDC— 'A Ha-d Reached Out Of The Dark--ess.' And there between the lay them body of ZUetto. Taibot flang herself down by it and moaned. Clegg stooped and felt at that part of the still anatomy where the heart ehonld have beaten. There waa no pulse. He tamed the body over, face upwards. The eyes, glassy, stared stonily np into the nighty and the moon went in again behind a bank of clouds. The Italian was dead. Cleze'e hands were red with his blood, though the victim of the vengeful dagger bled inwardly more than outwardly. ' You hsd better gee np, Miss Taibot-,' he said. She only moaned to a pitiful way. ** The poor fellow Is dead. lit me carry him away.' Mary stole her arms about Ziletto's neck, as if to protest against his removal. **li is an awf oi business, bat if there is a spark of life left, it were beet to carry him to me village, w said Clegg. At this, she started and looked at him. Uot that he caught any more than ^ glimpse of her face, for the night wus still black, except when the moon shone oat at brief intenalSf and at this moment it was almost ' Yon said he was dead,' she answered, in a voice unbroken by emotion or sob bat in a tone of-despair. ?* I think he is,n said Clegg, once more stooping to listen for any sign, of life. ' Yea, he will trouble the world no more : he is dead.' ' It was a cruel thing to kill him,' she said, almost in a matter of fact way. ** I did oot know yon hated him bo.' *' I did not kill *??*' God forbid !' said Clegg. ' You said he was a villain ! Oh, my God, what has happened ? Where ami?' She rose to her feet. The moon came oat. She turned a face to Clegg that was paler than the moon's— a white stricken face. ' Calm yourself. Miss Taibot/' said Clegg. ?* I will carry him to an inn.' *' He was my husband !' she exclaimed, 'And yon have killed him! Ob, great heaven, what had I done to be so ponishtd ? S h oh ! I think I most be mad. Who are yon*' *' Calm yourself,' said Clegg again. €I S-e-sh ! Don't cry. Yes, weep ; perhaps it will be good for you.' She had now burst into a passion of tears. Sob after aob shook her like a palsy. And with it shenttered wild ejaculations. She staggered as if she woold fall, Clegg caught her in his arms. He did not speak, but simply held her so that she ' should not fall, and her head dropped upon his breast. It gg*»'iM as if she had become insensiDle. She had ceased to Bob, and a glint of moonlight now showed him her face all wet with tears, but in a deathly repose. ' My God ! what shall I do !' he said to himself. 'Carry her borne? Yes.' She was so light burden even for a strong and powerful man such as Clegg ; bat what a loving burden, under other circumstances ! Even now tts heart thrilled u he lifted her into his arms and began to stride out into the footpath. The moon shone fall upon the way as he climbed the steps that led to My Lady's Bower. The gate was fastened. He fancied he saw a light between the chinks of the shatters. Perhaps Margaret Dobba was up and wait ing for her mistress. The thought came to me instinctively. He leaned against the gate and kicked it with his boot. No answer. He kicked again, and listened. No reply. ' I moat go back and round by the road,' he said to himself. ' and- through the fore part. Dear heart, look up ; I begin to fear .she is dead !' Then be kicked at the gate with a trill, and ?cried oaf, 'Open ! For God's sake, open !' Thereupon a voice answered, ' Wbo be it !' ' Your mistress ; she has fainted. For God's sake, open at once !' Margaret Dobbs, the faithful norse aud con fidante, unlocked the door. '0ht what be it!' she exclaimed. ' What's the matter !' ' Your mistress is the matter. Have you water within V He forced himself past the old woman, to wards the doorway of My Lady's Bower. ' Yes, ye6,' said the woman. ' Lord help as ! What is wrong V By this time he bad entered the room and laid his burden down upon a wide couch, amoog a little world of cushions ; and Margaret Dobbs approached her with a breaker of water, ' Lord in heaven, have mercy upon us ! What is the matter?' she said, looking at Clegg, bat all the time sprinkling the white face of her mistress with one hand, while she began to undo her bodice with the other. ' Don't ask me. Wet her lips, wet her lips ; nay, give me the waier.' Clegg took the breaker from the old woman and dashed the contents into Mary's face. JSbe did not move. ' Oh, my love, my sweet !' exclaimed Margaret Dobbs, pushing back tbe hair from the white face. Clegg at the same moment with wbat seemed to Margaret a rough indelcate hand, tore open the slackened bodice, break ing its laces and exposing the fair bosom, j Then scooping np another supply of water from the great basin filled by the trickling of the fountain at the doorway, he dipped his handkerchief into it and began to beat Mary's neck and face vith the wet bandage. If it had been necessary to her life that he shooJd be cruel to her, he would not have been crueL Under the smart of the wet whip, presently the colour came back to Mary's cheeks and with a deep sigh her lips parted. 'Thank God !' Clegg exclaimed; ' she lives.' Considering the misery, to which thin night was the bitter prologue, it might have been better bad Mary Taibot died ; but Heaven h^ its own mysterious and beneficent ways. How beautiful she was, the village belle, as she gradually came back to life, her hair in golden brown iri'««f^ about her face, her white bosom rivalling the models and the fancies of all the painters that ever strove to idealise the physical graces of God's master-piece. Clegg with a trembling hand, placed the bmker of water to her lips. She drank, and opened her eye*. ' Put her to bed,' said Clegg to the old woman ; ' pnt her to bed. If she thinks she had a bad dream, let her dream on ; but pat her to bed ; encourage her to sleep, give her some draught you may know of, to help her. If she will speak, go on telling her that she only dreams. Good night ! God help us !' Mrs Dobbs had not noticed the blood apoa Clegg's hand. It was dry, and might well have been the shadow of the lamp apon them. He turned to take a farewell look at Mary Taibot, as she seemed about to speak, and left the place, retracing his steps through the the gate, and oddly enough, poring the perfume of white Byringa that clustered among the foliage by the arbour ; it was deadly — reminded him of the scent in his father's room, where he lay dead when Reuben was a mere lad. The moon went in once more, and left him in comparative darkness. He listened. It might be that some one was stirring Not a Bool was abroad. Not a light could be seen in the distant village. Down, the steps froui the Bower, and into the Btooy foot-path, and into the little sub-glen of great defile of Stony Middleton, where he and his mother had watched that strange procession, and once more be was standing by the dead body of Giovanni ZUetto. Then he began to think ; and presently,, in a strong reflective mood, be aat down by the roadway a abort distance from the fatal spot. She had ''id this man was her husband. He only remembered this among others things long-distant time. Her husband ! What did she mean ? Did she mfun her husband io the sight of God ! Or had they been secret.} married ? And who was it that had dealt the tatal blow ? She said it was he, Reuben Clegg. At this he rose to his feet, with exclamation. No, she could not have meant that ? She did not know what she said. Nevertheless, who was the man? It most have been a man. The blows were struck with power. Of course it was no woman's hand. As for ghosts, well, there were no each things as ghosts, and spirits did oot strike strong blows with a knife, and kill a man ! No supernatural agency would have invoked so physically powerful an ally. Clegg had talked to Mrs. Dobbs of dreaming ; had begged her to encourage Mary Taibot in the belief that she had been dreaming. Add now it seemed to him as if he might be still lying abed at home and seeing this tragedy in his sleep and the image of Mary with her white bosom and her wondering eyes, fresh-opened like the opaline light of the morning sky. Aw his thoughts ran on in thin direction, the day began to dawn. There was a faint line of dim light among the trees, high np on the rocky ridge above htm. He watched it with a wondering gaze. Then there was a twitter of birds. At first he thought the light was the moon ; but it was the first token that the sun was on its way up the Eastern sky. He sat and watched it. Never once did his eyes seek tbe body that was lying close by. It was as if BOme pitiful trick of memory had interposed to gife him rest For a space, that his energies might be braced for the trials he had to undergo. Preseutly, his head drooped against the white rock, and he slept. It was only for a few mutates that be had become unconscious. He awoke with a start. The light in the trees above was broadening. A black-bird began to eing. It was a cheer ful, soul-stirring note, with something of the gush and gurgle of the nightingale, bat with none of its sadness. There must have been nightingales in that remote valley at some time, for the blackbird to have learnt the trick of its note. All at once it seemed as if a bird's song had broaght Clegg hack to the reality of the situation. ' No, great God !' be eaid to himself, start ing to bis feet, ' it is no dream ; it is awful reality !' There was the boJy, lying stiffly in the footpatb. Up above, tbe morning was break ing. A thrush began to answer the challenge of the blackbird. Clegg Btooped to pick up the dead Italian. The body was stiffening, but the arms were still limp. Clegg bad heard of the difficulties of carrying a dead body. Men who had fought in the wars loved to talk of tbe grim side of battles. First, he lifted the body in his arms. It was impossible to carry it in that position. Mary Taibot had been a much lighter load. She waa limp, and his love for her had made tbe bnrden a feather-weight. Bat this Italian, whom be had bated, was no mean weight : so he lud the body down again, and tried other ways of carrying it. At last his grim efforts were successful. He hauled tbe body over his shoulders, aud set oat for the village. It was daylight when he entered the long street ; and strange to say, Da kin, the con stable, met him. Dakin had a tooth for mushrooms. He had risen early to gather that dainty fungus, which his wife cooked to ^IST Mother ! as them pertinacious Frists We it, what's this '.'he exclaimed 'Reuben Clegg! And the Italian. And one of them Sk, by all the saints! ThereU be no mushrooms for breakfast this mormnz. Mrs Dakio ! The Lord save us ! Clegg's killed him !' .f . He stood in the middle of the road, as u to intercept the man with the body over his shoulders- Clegg saw him. ' Out of the way,' said Clegg, gasping with the pressure of his load. T 'Oat o' the way,' said the Constable. l think not.' ... 'Then lend me a hand,' said Clegfe '«*' I'm about done !' And he laid the body on a bank by the road, close to the Ever-water, with its fiaontering decorations. ' Who's done this V said the Constable. 'Go you to the Crown and Anchor and get them up, if they are not op already, said Clegg, ' and let them prepare his room to re °*' Ka^my lad. 111 not loose sight o' yo\ or the mortal body o' the stranger, Giovanni ZUetto.' _ . He rolled the Christian name and the surname of the Italian upon his Northern tongae, as if he was already giving evidence of the crime and his discovery thereof before the Chief Magistrate of the district. ' Then lay bold on him, and help me to the inn,' said Clegg. 'I'll do now't o* the sort,' aud the Constable ; ' but it will be my dnty to lay hold on yo' for an account o' the manner in which this Giovanni ZUetto came by bis death.' ** By ? you'll never lay hold on another if you lay a hand on me,' said Reuben. ' And now lay hold on the body ; d'ye hear, Uy hold.' Thus menaced, tbe Constable, setting down the basket that he had intended to fill with mushrooms, humbly laid hold of the dead man's legs, Reuben lifting his head and shoulder* ; and so they carried their awful load to the Crown and Anchor. Radford was just opening thsdoor. '? Why, in the devil's name, what's this !' he exclaimed. ' Lead the way to the man's room,' said Clegi*. Radford did so, at the same time caning, ' Missus i Here ! Wakken, everybody ! Wakken ! There's murder been done ; murder V* Radford was quite beside himself at sight of the dead body of Ziletto, and the house was soon alive with servants and guests ; for, like every other place in the village, tbe inn waa filled with visitors, who slept anywhere, and most of whom had gone to bed late, carrying thither enough liquor to give them dreams almost as gruesome as the reality of Clegg's experiences. When the body had been comfortably laid upon the bed, and Mrs. Radford had begun to discuss tbe question of laying it out, the Constable demanded that it should not be disturbed, until the Coroner and his jory had seen it ; bot in the meantime he c?l**^ upon Reuben Clegg to give himself up to his custody. They were in the creat house-place of the inn when the Constable addressed Reuben, in presence of the company there assembled ; all of them greatly excited, some in a dazed state of head-ache, Borne rubbing their eyes, the women all alert and foil of in ' I am going home,'' said Rueben. ' I will meet yon, Mr. Constable, before the Coroner, or where you will, within the hoar, if it so please you ; but until then I am for home. My mother will be alarmed at my long absence.' ' Nay, my lad, yo're none going home, I make yo' my prisoner. I ahanua' vait for the Coroner, by the token that he's away on » journey ; I shall take thee before Sir George Taibot, soon as he's out o* bed, and charge thee I' 'Charge me !' said Clegg. ' With what f1 'The murder o' Giovanni ZUetto. Thou wert the hut man, I reckon, seen in his company, and £ met thee carrying his bodv.** '? And does that imply that I murderep him?' 'It implies that thou'ut gotten to accoum for his death.' ' Aye, aye !' said several voices. ' I will account for it, as far as I know, to the Magistrate,' said Reuben ; *' but as he'e still abed, I'll go home, uutil 'tie fitting he be wakened to receive me.' ' Nay, thouit cone go home,' said the Con stable, only too ready, like a weak creature, to pay off bU little grudges against Clegg, anil bold to make arrest of him while men stood by upon whom he could call for assistance if need be. 'I did not kill tbe man; I was by when he fell ; and all this and the rest I will relate to Sir George Taibot in due time. But now I ' Reuben Clegg I arrest yoa in the Dame of the Law !' said tbe Constable, advancing ' You He !' said Clegg. ' You do nowt of the soit j' a.ad he swept the Constable aside, so that Pakin staggered into the arms of Radford, while Reuben Clegg strode oat into the village street without farther check or hindrance. *' Stop him ! I charge you every one, stop him !' gasped the Constable. Now, although- Reuben was not wbat might be called popalar in the village, by reason of bis masterful ways and bis greater knowledge of things than tbe best of ' them in the Hundred, the people respected him ; aud at this moment they admired the courage of the man, bis wilful ness, bis power. Not a soul moved to stay him. Several, indeed, laughed at the Constable. The village carpentar said, at the top of his voice, '* Well done Master Clegg ; 1'n stand by yo' if yo' want any man's help.' ' Stop him, I say, in the name of the Law ? he is my prisoner !' exclaimed the Constable) ' gathering himself together and making for the 'i ^Nay it isna' our business,' said Radford; % «and.b^aerwekBOwhinu Htf?™— *S awaV; bell keep his word^; hell none be missing when yo' want nun. : ^*at that's how yo' take it !' aaid the Con etablTfreeing himself from the fr^ndly arms Sat had broken his falL « Well see about it; As for yo', John Radford, yo'r licence ? shall he revoked ; we'll aee about it! 'Seeaboutit and be hanged r md Bad- ; ford, roused by the pompouf attitude of the j Constable. ; 'Ob, I may be handed, may I?' said Dakin parple with rage, as he turned to leave the ; h°?That'fl wbat I said, and I don't go agen .1 my word. Revoke my licence^ yo meddkn ? I old fool ! My father and his father'a before 3 him, have held the Crown and Anchor before .\ your mushroom crew ever entered the High - Peak Hundred. Talk to me of my licence 3 111 break my staff about your wooden atoll, ;. yo' penny jack-a*dandy.w _ * 'What is it, John ?' exclaimed a feminine \ voice, *» Mrs. Eadfort appeared on theecene, posh her way through each of the servants and ? guests as were not peeping in at the chamber 1 of death above. i ' What is it ! It's Dakin, the cowardly * curmudgeon ; folk' to me as if I were nowt ? in Eyam, as if I hadna' served the King ; as j if we lived by his leave lowance. By my i soul, I pound bis carcase to a jelly U he were : twenty times constable an be talks to me like that agen !' ' Here, father, have a mag cf ale,' said Jenny Badford, coming to the rescue of her mother. 'Don't give such folks a thought.' j Radford took the mag, empied it gave a , great sigh, and, looking; round, eaid 'Jenny, ' | my lass draw for our friends.' ' - Jenny disappeared. ' And now, lads and lasses, come, bustle ! Donnat stand gaping ; get to work. It mom be almost breakfast time.' Then seeing Jenny, with a mug of ale and aclu&terof; horn cups, be said, ' I'm hot i* the temper, bein* roused ; bat it's Boon over. Try the Crown and Anchor's tap, my friends ; and yoa1!! find plenty to do to tell everybody what's happened by time breakfast's ready.' Jenny handed round the ale. Radford went to the door. ' By gum I Village's all astir. They'n cotton Bamm&t; to t&Uc; &boot; now. besides »Vell- dressing.' 