WHKKE LIFE IS CHEAP. The wickcdcst town on the Amerieau con- j tinent is Cripple Crerk, Col., according to the i expert*. To an influx of desperadoes it owed a I great labonr strike of laat year, the quelling of ; which required a sheriff's posse of 1,(300 men, liornu and infantry, armed with Wincesters anil flu/.ported with ','ntling guns »nd cannon. "General" JnuU Smitl) the commamlcr of the miners' forces. lie appears to have been a desperado almost Troiii boyhood. Coming to Cripple Creole over a year ago, be found himself in the midst of a horde of men of like character, and it took them but a short time to foment a labour agitation among the cuincrx. Destruction of miniug property, theft, aud tbu murder of uon-uniou miners began to be of regular occurrence. At the out sot of his generalship Smith made his head quarters ou Bull Hill, a mountain whose every approach could be guarded. All the trails and road) were mined with dynamite that could be touched off through wires from the summit, if necessary, to drive snay un invading force. It was given out and believed that the strikers had cauuon on the hill, and on a crag a fort was built, a corner of it being visible by the aid of glaaios. For over a month the miners owned Cripple Creek. The) made daily raids into private houses for arms and ammunition, and appropriated anything else that caught their fancy. Other outrages,too numerous to particularise, were committed, but the most malicious was the blowing up of the Strong Mine shaft house The superintendent and two men wero in tlie mine at the time, and would have perished but for the fact that ono ot them was an Oddfellow mid one of the strikers, wlio belonged to the Bauie organisation, opened the covering of the air-shaft. A few weeks ago seine of Smith's friends were put in tbu Bull Hill lock-up for a misdemeanour, and Smith shot tho padlock olf the jail door and liberated them. He then began to look for the marshal, with tb« avowed intention of killing him, bnt his intendsd victim was quicker with his gun and toppled over both Smith and a companion named I'opst. Smith lived a short time after receiving his wound, and his last wish was for a Christian baptism, which was given him by a Catholic priest who was near. Among others who contributed to the liveli ness of Cripple Creek at different times was Lalla Kingluy, whose antecedents wero un known, but who wis evidently a man of educa tion. He made a strike ami then spent his money iu buying the driuks for everyone in sight. He had a playful way of drawing a gun and apparently compelling the only too-williug crowd to drink with him. On one occa sion h young tenderfoot was in h mi loon where Lalla raado his play, and, thinking him aelf in danger, fired u pistol shot through his cout pocket. Lulla dropped and died from hemorrhage, but before he yielded up the ghost lie delivered a sermon on his wasted life and this goldeu opportunities for redemption that bis hearers were missing; it was so powerful, so eloquint, and so touching in its tragic surruiinding as to cause a score of strong men to weep liko children. However, the town finally obtained au officer, who was accorded the greatest respcct by thu tough element. Marshal Charley Norton's absolute fearlessness was uever better illustrated thau when a mob gathered to lynch him, They had a rope, and just as a resolution was passed to bang the marshal, the intended victim made his way out of a saloon towards them with a revolver in etich hand. "I understand you fellows want to hang me,' he said. " Here I ! am." The crowd was so. dumfouuded at the reckless' bravery of the man that everyone sneaked away. j Gambling of all kinds goes on openly, adver tisements of the places appearing in the local papers, and printed cards posted up behind the dealer in a majority of the games inform the uninitiated that " thiH guine never closes." On one occasion a player drew a gun to a'vouge a fancied trick of the dealer, but tho latter fired through the table, taking a spot out of the ten and the ball crashed into the man's head. Tho corpse fell forward on the table, the dealer pushed it back into the seat, and went on to the end of tbe deal. The patrons of the dance holla are entertained by women of the lowest and most depraved class, Somo of the best variety performers in the West rench Cripplo Creek and also some of tho worst. It is a very common custom to shower silver dollars oil tho stars, and this was carried out with a vengeance once in tbe caso of J)olly Emerson, a woman who some years ago was at the head of the variety profession in the West. Silver dollars fell around her like hail, some being thrown with no gentle hand, and one man burled a tobacco sack containing two ounces of placer gold. He was in tbe rear of the house, and bis aim wns either too good or nut good enough, for the sack struck Dolly on tho fore head, knocking her senseless. Her lacerated feeliugs were smoothed over by the generosity of the shower, 342 silver dollars, as well as tho gold dust, being picked up by the theatre attaches and banded to her. 