FICTION. THE MYSTERY OF BLAY- THWAYTE HALL. PAHT III. Oxr. afternoon Sybil camo from hor room, singing a happy song to liorself in a low volco —.for she was growing well content thnt slio felt that her task was a possible ono— when she saw something which utterly bewildered aud startled her, and scattered nil her gaiety. Mrs. Blaythwaylc was standing in tho bnl- nnnr which innked into the diiilne hall. She was standing with her face towards the stairs, ovldcntiy listening to Sybil's voice and wait, ing for nor. Ah tho girl approached her 6ong died away on her lips, for Mrs. Blnythwnyto's nppearanco frightened her. ner faco was aovorcd with a dark flush, her hair was all : looso and hung upon hor shoulders. She advanced a step towards Sybil. | 11 Now, I've got you I" she exclaimed (and Jier yolco seemed strange find thick), 44 it's you that Is taking my children from me, and keeping Uicra away from mo, nnd poisoning ihoir minds against mo I Where are they? I've not scon thorn slnco you've been in the house. You must go— pack up nnd ho off ! I'll have no one coming between mc nud my children." Sybil stood quite still, gazing with wide, open eyes at the tcrrlblo woman before her. So unexpected and unintelligible was the scene tiiat she could find uothing to say. She shuddered aftorwards in wondering what might have happened next had not somcono interfered, bUt the mysterious green baize door was suddenly oushed open, Mr. Blayth waytc appeared, and taking his wife's arm in a strong grasp led hor away. In a moment buth had vanished within the green baize door, nnd Sybil beard tho key turned. All was perfectly quiet. It seemed as if a bad dream hadcoincia the night nnd passed and gone. She heard tho children's voices and Inughtcr in the hall. Thoy wero wniting for her to go out with them. What a different world was this! Aftor a moment of sickening wonder and speculation she hurried down to tho oblldron, and was glad to bo among them as though sho herself was a child, nnd had been frightend in the dark, All tho afternoon the drpai!!, "inexplicable memory camo to hor from timo to time amid mo oauaron'B cnaucr ; anu sna was sorry when tbo nur6o took them away to bed. She kept Ada, the oldest, with her a little longer, for she dreaded being alone. Ada had begun to like being with hor; a kind of friendship lmd sprung up between them, nnd glud indeed was Sybil of it now, If tho children had re sis ted her ciTorts and repulsed her, lonely in deed would hnve been her life in that terrible houso with its dark mystery. But tho child ren had begun to lovo her ; and thnt made it just bearable. It was hard to part with Ada when sho had to go-; nud Sybil sat a little whilo atone in tho school room, unable to give her mind to aud definite occupation. After the first evening, Mrs. Blnythwayto being ill, tuo school-room maid hau brought Sybil's supper upstairs saying Mr. Blayth. wnyto was not going to dino. But to-night, ns sho sat at the tublo trying to read, uud un able to do so because of nti unwelcomo vlsiou that would rise between her and tho page, tho ninid camo to her with u mossngo. Mrs. Dlaythwayto was better, and was coming down to dinner ; sho would bo pleased if Miss Vauo would como down also. Sybil wouldhavc given a' good deal to refuse onanvexouso; but a second's thought told her that tills was intonded as an npology for tho dreadful scene of tho afternoon, and instinot sURgoated thnt Mr. Dlaythwayte would bo there, that he would iiot let hor bo alone with his wife, nnd that in his prcBOUCo she would not suffer. Sho decided to go down, nnd went, rather nervously, to dress. Hitherto she had had no need to put on nuything but hor plain littlo travelling droBs, which sho had made horsolf of plnin cheap dark serge. Now she sos'sed ono blaok silk dress ; it had onco been hor mother's, and in tho old dnys whon her father lived, and poverty had not gripped them quite so firmly. It had beeu remodelled many and many a time, first for tho mother and thon for Sybil ; but nevertheless it made Sybil look well dressed when sho put it on, nnd fastoocd her ono littlo old-fushioncd pearl broooh at hor throat. Her slender, girlish, delicate beauty was sot off admirably by this qualut simple gown. Sho had found a few monthly roses In tbo garden, which she had gathered ; she fastened theso at her waist, and they had' just matched the faint rose- color which thooountry air bad brought to her face. Tho goog sounded through tho houso nnd inndo her shudder, for it brought baok the first dreadful memory of the place— whon the ohildran mfido hernrtsonflr In tho dnrk. Hut sho ohcored herself with (ho thought that thoy would never do that ngaiu, or anything like it. If sho had conquered this first dllll- culty, might not the other be smoothed away, too? And yet, courageous though sho was, sho felt afraid of Mrs. Blaythwaytc. Summoning all her courage, sho went down to tho moruiug-room, which she saw was lighted. The Squiro, in evening dross, in whioh ho looked very handsome, was stand ing by tho hearth. He bowed as Bhe camo in. His wife was sitting in an armchair; BybU glanced nervously at her, uot knowing quite what to do. Mrs. Blnythwayto was dressed in black volvct, andworo 6orao fine diamonds; her hair had been carefully dressed, and beautiful hair it was whon woll arranged. A diamond comb glittered in it. Sho would hnvo looked exceedingly haudsomo but for tho strange np fienranco of her face. Her oyes were vncaut ooking, and hor fnoo, whioh had boon so Hushed earlier in tho day, was now pale, but thoro was a ourlous bloohinoss on tho skin. >Sho had evidently boon weeping violontly, and Sybil eonoluded that that was what had mado her look so strango. " I am afraid I was very rude to you, Miss Vane," she said,- rising, as Sybil came into the room. " You must forgive mo if I was. I hnvo boon ill, aud I was not quito mysolf - and I really do not know what I said. Will you forglvo mo?" Sho spoke in n low voico and with somo thing of tbo charming manner which had mado hor seem ho pleasant on tho day of Sybil's arrival. Stilt sho sociucd to be repeat log n lossoa.nnd horoyoanevcr nought Sybil's faeo, but romnincd fixed on the ground. 41 I hnvo forgotton it mysolf," said Sybil. " I am 60 sorry you hnvo been ill." Tho Squiro camo to tho rescue now, and asked hor wKnt sho and tho children had been doing all day, Dluner was on tho table, and their going into tbo diuing-room helped to reiiovo tho awkwarducss of tho moment. Sybil answored as thoy walked across tho groat hall. " Mino has been n dnriug experiment, " sho said, " but I bollovc it mny succeed. I have great hopos. The children look on me as ono of themselves now, nnd I bolievo I shall interest them in their lessons beforo they bavo any idea what I nro doing." " It is an admirable plan," said Mr. Blay. thwaytc. " I hnvo no recollection, at any time, of snob ponooful days eiuco you hnvo bcoo here." " I am afraid my proceedings will seem very uudlgnificd," wont on Sybil. " I really hope you will not bo shocked. But tho children do tall eo delightfully into my traps. Wo have already had a history lesson nnu a geography lesson ; but as thoy were given In the hay. loft iustcad of the schoolroom they never 6U6pcotcd it for a moment." . Mr. Dlaythwayte laughed out. Evidently this was something very extraordinary, for both his wife and tho old-man scrvaut, wiio was waiting, looked nt biin in great surprise. " And I never let them see any book but a story-book," went on Sybil, 0 then I give them their lessons as if I wero telling stories. They nro quito lutercsted." 44 I have no doubt," said Mr. Blnythwayto. "Anybody would bo." His wife said nothing, but listoucd, her eyas wandering vacantly sometimes to Sybil's face. She neither nta nor drauk, nlthough tho dluner was cliiboruto nnd beautifully eooked and served. Old John took away her untouehed plates one after the other ns a matter of course. She sal there us a dressed up doll and would scarcely have seemed to be alive but for an occasional heavy sigh. Tho others talked on, nnd Mr. Blnyth wayto showed himself to bo a very good talker. IIo told Sybil about tho noigborhood nnd its objects of interest, and suggested that when his wife was better they should take somo long drives to various points. " Tim children would delight in it," lie said, 44 and I have uo doubt you would fiud some ingenious way of giving thorn a lesson." " Oh, yes," answered Sybil, gaily. 41 1 shall become an adept at finding sermons in stones." It was evidently her cue not io notice Mr. Blaythwnyte's silence and strange luuks; but ' it wm yery dreadful and oppressive ju spite of the Squire's pleasantness and his efforts- greater efforts than Sybil nt all suspected. But still hIic knew he was ill at case, and she looked round her, thinking what a delightful dinncr-tablo this might be, every night, with sticli a hot at tho head of it. Did they ever have and dinner parties, she wondered? Oh, no; Miss 1'ritchiird had specially said there was no society. The dining-room was a. thing of beauty, with its oak pannelling, into .which pictures were let iu here and thoro— full length port raits, most of them. The roof was so high it wan supported by a row of pillars. The balcony, which she so delightful to look over, was a splendid piece of carving in old oak. Tho scone would, perhaps, have been a light sombre, but for the quantity 0! silver on the table end sideboard, and tbo rich brilliant flowers. The children had only been able to show her the outside of the glnss-houses, which were one of the features of Blayth wnyto Hall. The Squire was n great flower lover, and it seemed that he trusted no ono but-hirasclf and tho head gardener with tho keys. " How beautiful tboeo arol" said Sybil, looking atomejovolv blooms which were placrdjatTn front of ner. 44 Yea," said the Squire, 41 1 am very proud of ray houses. Some day I must' show them to you." aii ino possioio pleasures were put ou to 44 some day," and Sybil understood that It meant the day when Mrs. Blnythwayto would bo well enough to come. She was glad when the ceremonious dinner was over, nnd hoped to escape to her room immediately. But tho Squiro asked her If she played. Sho answered yes, for indeed she did play very nicely, fto opened the grnnd piano for hor, and nskod her with a glntico, which she could not refuse. t Sho sat down and nlnyed from memory, wandering from ono thing to another, follow ing her own fancy and humour, for she felt her audience was content. When sho ceased nnd looked up, she found tho Squiro sitting ns if spell-bound, his mournful eves fixed upon her. Ho roso nnd thanked her cere moniously. .Looking across nt bis wiio, she saw that Mrs. Blaythwayto .was sleeping heavily, her head having dropped back in a very uneasy position, She caught sight of tho diamond comb which sho bad admired lying on the carpet. Sho went and picked it up. "Mrs. Blaythwaytc is very tired," sho said. " 1 had belter say good-night." Sho escaped, and flew away to hor room like a bird released. ' . Tho struggle with tho children was nothing compared with the ordeal of having to meet that strango woman. What could bo the matter with her? Sybil was lost iu a sea of perplexity. It wns evident,' whatever might bo the dllllculties with which sho would hnvo to contend, that every effort would ho mado to keep hor. So far ns possible her path would be smoothed. She felt a great confldcnco in tiiat he fully appreciated both her difficulties nnd her determination to overcome them, and thnt he woutd give her every assistance. This was n great hnlp. The next day Mrs. Blaythwayto mado her appearance at lunch-time, and wns perfectly calm nnd composed, nod very pleasant In her manner, just as sho had boeo when she re cclvcd Sybil on her arrival. Showns inoHncd to be tnlkative, nnd her husband said but little, only joining in when necessary. The children seemed to look . upon her almost ns a stranger ; and Ada hod a little way of correcting her and speaking to her in a disapproving tone, whioh soemod to Sybil very odd. She contradicted her mother in ft way quito now to Sybil, who had drawn out the best part of tho child's nature. They could not ogreo about something that hnd hnnnAnnrl Mm >1«tv ftnfnt-n fin it n» In.t A,1« said rudely, 44 Oh, you couldn't know, mother —you had ono of your silly fits on." No ono took any notico of this speech. Mrs. Blaythwayto became more quiet aftor wards. Sybil noticed. Later in tho day Sybil took Ada to task about it, nnd told her she ought not to speak in that way to her mother when sho had been ill. Ada laughed. " 111 !" sho said, " she has uot been ill. Sho has only been silly. Sho gets so sometimes \- very often now— and then father looks her up. She'll be silly again to-night, I know, by the way she looks " Sybil could say nothing. She was horrified at the child's mannor, her contemptuous tone, nnd quite mystified by her words. _ It 6ecmcd as if Ada's prophecy was correct, for that night there wns no dinner. After tho children had gone to bed the schoolroom mnid had brought Sybil a tray, nnd when sho camo into tho room, said something which quito sturtled her. 44 Mrs Blnythwnyto's raging about to-night, nnd tho Squire's out. I'd look this door, miss, till he comes in, if I was you. I'll let you know when he comes. She's got a spile against you— sho always has ngain9t tho goveniovossoa. She will do you an injury somo day when sbo's like this if you don't take care." Sybil turned n white faco on tho girl. " Mary," sho suid, " tell me, is Mrs. Blayth- wnyto mad ?" " Lor, no, mts3. She will be, though, soon, if sho goes on as sho is now. Can't you sco, miss, what it is ? Why, she drinks." Sybil stared at hor in amazement. Such a condition of things, such a possibility, wns absolutely now to her. Sho hardly understood tho words. Sho had heard of poonle drink ing, of course, nnd read about them in papers 5 but she had always associated it with com mon men and roughs and women from tho East End. That a refined, rich, nud beauti ful woman, with a home like this, a husband aud children worthy of nil lovu, could drink Io that senso was unintelligible to her.' "Oh, it isn't possible," sho said. "You must bo mistaken, Mary." It's true enough, miss; everybody knows it. i'vo been here over a year, and old John has been with the Squiro since ho was a boy, aud ho scon it all. Sho wns a beauty whon she married, so Johu says— not ten years ago, yot, miss, when sho wns n girl of eighteen ; sho wns thnt handsomo everyone turned to look at her. And now she might bo an old woman, she's so spoiled herself. And s>ho'$ had everything anybody could wish for : she is rioli herself, miss, very rich. That's tho worst of it, I think- Sho so independent of everyone, And now sho seems to hnvo lost all intorcst in what people think, or say, or anything else." 44 Oh, how drondful," said Sybil. 44 It really doesn't seem possible." "Well, miss, you'll see if what I say i9 true or not, It's terrible for the Squiro ; a hotter master never lived. He's altered very much, even in my timo, and many people think him iiurd and cold. He is very severe, it's true, if ho finds anyone getting Mrs. Dlaythwayte what sho wants. For the cellar's looked up, and he keeps tho keys, and how sho gets it nobody knows. But sho does. She is as uunning as can ho. Sho's taken a spite against you because you don't look tho sort to help her; sho always doeu thou. I don't wonder tho young ladies think it's less trouble to frighten tho governesses away at Lite first start off, for thoy never stay long enough, to bo ot any good. If they don't get seared nud go, either tho hquiru or the mistress lias always got rid ot them pretty quick. The nice 0110s the mistress hates, and the others— well I've seen one old wretch who- came here, and just made herself Mrs. Blay- thwayte's servant, and fetched her all sho wanted from town, and drank with her too - but she never lost her head, I can toll you, for though tho Squiro sent her off in a week, she had got a nice little purse made up, and two of Mrs. Blaythwayle's big diamond rings that she took from iter fingers one night when tho mistress did not know what she was doing." 44 Oh, don't tell me any more," cried Sybil, who was quite white with horror and disgust. " Can nothing be dune ? Something ought to bo dwip. Qb» poor woman, how perfectly dreadful. And she might bo so happy." 44 Ah, that she might; but it's no use, the habit's got hold of her. I believe tho Squire's sent for her brother to coinc and stay ; tho housekeeper has orders to gnt a room rendy for him. Tbatraonns something of the kind, I oxpcct ; for Mr. Athcrlon has never been fond of visiting here ; nnd the Squire never liked Mrs.'Blaythwnyto's family, so John says. They arc all very fust gentlemen, nnd Mrs. Blaythwaytc lived among badinfiuences when she was a girl, so I suppose that's somo ex cuse for her. There's a great deal in bring- ing up. uo, miss, sit uown ana nave your supper; you look liko a ghost." Aud, indeed, sho did, standing there trans fixed, gazing nt the servant, .with wide-open, incredulous, horrified oyes, and her faco quito white. " Yes— I feel sick," said Sybil. "Well, miss, I think tho gloom of this houso ia enough to mako anyone fed queer. I'm determined to stay for a year's character, but I'll go then. Perhaps it'll bo a little brighter with a visitor in the houso. I ns6uro you, miss, such a .thing hasn't happened before since I've been hero as for anyone to come. There's tho door bell— that's the Squiro— now you needn't bo nervous, miss." Tho girl went away, and Sybil guessed that sho had gossiped on partly out of good nature, not liking to leave her alone after giving her such au alarming warning. Quito sick aud faint Sybil went to her room, not caring for supper or anything else ; her hooks would not amuse her, with her mind so full of this dreadful picture. Her sleep was haunted by it that night, nnd sho was restless aud wnkcful. Sho had' Huffered poverty nnd anxiety, but had never yot como in contact with tho evil thnt is in tho world. Thl3 was her' first experience of it, and it filled her with horror and dismay. Glad was sho in tho moruing to take up her tasks with tho childrco. How cosy thero seemed 1— how natural and gay her life with thorn. Sho wns consoled a little by the con sciousness sho had that the Squiro placed implioit confidence in her, and had done from the first moment he had seen her. He was quite at CA30 about the children now that they were in her clinrgc. She wns glad of this, for sho realised now whut his words meant, which nt the timo seemed so unin telligible - she saw that they were not born of morose or angry spirit, but wero the cry of a broken heart, called forth by tho pain of a blighted life, a devastated home. Sybil looked at the beautiful houso, and tho wide green park, nnd sighed au sho thought what the mistress of Auch a homo should bo— loved by husband and children, a Lady Bountiful among her people, looked up to and ndniired by overyono. And whnt was sho I With tho power put into iicr hands to mako so many lives brighter nnd happier, all that she did was to wreck her own and those nenrcst hor, and look at tho Inrpo world outside with sullon, indifferent oyes. _ Sybil was sitting in what sho herself con sidered a very undignified placo whilo think ing these sad thoughts; and that was in the children's fnvovito loft. Hero thoy had re tired to spend a part of tho morning in what tho ohildron called 44 story-telling," but which wns really lessons, cleverly disguised, which wero swallowed by them as innocently as pills nro taken in jam, Tho only wny to get any light into this loft was to opon wide the door through which thoy entered ; so Sybil, ns she sat in their midst and listened to their reading, was able to let her eyes wander over the picture formed by tho park and the bouse. _ to he continued. 