BkOAD±iBlM\S NEW YORK LETTER. Passion week. Holy week, Easter, glori ous Easter, grandest i-elipious holiday of all the year is with ns once again. On the wings of the wind, to ereiy quarter of tbe globe, wheruver tlie cross is recognised i among men as s sign and symbol of salva- j tion, on this morning shall be heard the ; joyful proclamation, " Behold, I bring \ thee glad tidings of great joy," and again ' the announcement, '• I am the resurrection : And the life." In the calends of time there is no parallel like that which consecrates this eacred day to peace or which brings man £o near the solution of the tremendous mysteries of life and deatb. Forty boors before tbe day which Christendom has celebrated for nearly two thousand years, a .inighty multitude came pouring into Jerusalem, the great attraction tbat brought ihem there being the crucifixion of three criminals j two were thieves. the third a homeless wanderer who bad been disturbing' the peace of tbe land for the previous three years. It was in vain that His followers' urged tbat He had committed no sin and had done no wrong; tbat be was a man of peace and blameless life; the plea was useless ; they wanted blood, and they got it. This thirst forblood is ingrafted in our natures and will not die till all else dies with it. The drunken multitudes sweep along the way of sorrow, across the valley of skulls, up the rugged sides of Calvary, where the murder of tbe Man of Sorrows was com pleted. The atonement was made in tbe blood of the Lamb—" It is finished." It is finished tad the Son of Man, crying in mortal ftfjony. "My God, my God, why hast .-Thou forsaken me?"' bleeding, mangled, and torn, gave op the ghost. Holy week, consecrated by the most iridurnful sacrifice recorded in tbe book of time, is now the grandest of our Christian holidays. And so it cometh that Passion week shall represent to the Christian in 6very land the Alpha and Omega, the sun shine and shadow, joy and grief, hope and despair, glory and disgrace, triumph and defeat, light and darkness, life and death, till the heavens shall be rolled away as a scroll and death be swallow up in victory. As I sit at my desk in the glory of this bright sprin&r; morn and look out upon tbe Swelling buds and fast coming leaves, which tell the story of - nature's' resurrec tion, I close my eyes to shut out all beside, And the glory magnifies a million times. Within my soul I hear the jubilate, "r How beautiful are thy works, O God," "* O Deatb, where is thy stmg," "O Grave, where is thy victory." . Tbe Presbyterian and Methodist councils bave been here all the week, but in neither hasinyradical .change taken place; the intHefiplds of a bnndred years ago are the battlefields of to-day. In the Presbyterian council the question of heresy yeses their Bonis, while the Methodist sanhedrim is Abakan from turret to foundation-stone on Another question that will not down while tme advanced .woman remains alive to thunder at the gate of the temple asking for tbe restoration of those rights which God gave her and man robbed her of, and which sooner or later he must pay back as snra as God rules and reigns. Both tbe councils have bad their troubles, And the late convocation made it more evi dent that it ever was before tbat the greatest wants of the church at the pre sent time^ are peace and harmony. The heresy of the Union Theological seminary no longer tfareatens.-Presbyiteriaiiisni with disruption, for a potent question sprang upon tbe convention early in the session still remains unanswered. This week the Sole work of our legislature appears to have bben devoted almost exclusively to the consideration of the defects in the Raines excise bill. I suppose tbat this particular bill was diawn with as much care and received as much good, square, \- honest thought as any bill that has been before tbe house this session. A good law to be effective must have an honest inter preter, and right here is where tbe Haines law foiled, it bad no honest interpreter. After its birth, with tbe rich promise of a healthy life, it was put to nurse in tbe camp of the enemy. Its fate was decided In a court where justice was administered by a judge who knew as much about law as lie did about tbe Bible, and who in the lionr of seed could swing np greater majorities for Tammany than any other man between tbe Battery and Harlem bridge. Wise beyond bis generation was lie who gives to posterity, from the drop pings of his wisdom, tbe decision," That a ham sandwich was a meal and a frank furter sausage or a low Dutch bologna was an entire table d'hote. This generous decision and liberal inter pretation of the law brought joy and glad ness into the hearts of the Baines hotel keepers in the classic neighborhood of "Hell's kitchen" and " Paddy's Patch," tad they felt like . exclaiming -with Shyloek in •* The Merchant of Venice,' " O wise young judge, how 1 do hoaor thee." If a ham sandwich was a meal whore a guest could be served with liquor, vl-at was a hotel ? One provision was that it should have ten furnished roouis for transient guests. ''Good enough," said PaddyLynch to Mike Fay. *' Why this is just like picking up money in the streets and so it was, for it was in the streets tbat The gentle night-hawks found their greatest pleasure and profit and literally obeyed the scriptural injunction, endorsed alike by the Pentateuch, the Talmud, the San script, the Koran, Confucius, and the Vedas—"If yon meet a stranger, take him in." Mr. Clarence E. Saunders is a. worthy Christian—in fact, 1 may say a worthy young Christian Endeavorer. Mr. Saunders arrived in New York last Tuesday, expecting to attack Beelzebub and all bis imps early on Wednesday morning. In the meantime, while he was waiting for ; dinner, be thought he inijrTit improve his knowledge of geography by taking a look at the Bowery, of which he had heard so much and seen so little. To the tourist who intends to write a boot there is no spot as interesting on the island of Manhattan. There yon may seethe identical man who was captured by Lieutenant Peary while attempting to climb tbe North Pole. If you don't believe me, go inside and see for yourself. Only ' a quarter. There are kings and queens, lords and dukes, and the great Egyptian king who sent the Jews back to Jerusalem, and who made Joseph the beloved son Of Jacob a ruler over all the land. The winter has not been kindly to Coney ! Island, the popular bathing-place of the , Greater New York's unwashed thousands. Many of the bathing houses have been swept into the sea, and several of the music stands, once so attractive have shared a like fate. . Mr. Saunders, spoken of above, had never been in New York before, and most of his knowledge of that wicked city was gained from books drawn from his Sunday- school library. Instead .of goin jf to the Bowery direct, he went Ore other way, and soon , found himself on Sixth avenue, where the ] devil is always on deck, summer and winter, night and day. An das Mr. Saunders ; wandered along, seeing the sights, he ; found himself suddenly beside two beauti ful young angels. One of them looked him straight in the eye and, giving bim a gentle nudge in the ribs, said, " How are you, sweetness ?" ' The Athfer angel gave trim a chuck rinder the chin, remarking to her Friend. " Ain't he a dandy ?rt And tbe j angel in tbe red hat with yellow and green i feathers smiled on him and said, "A dandy? I He's a peach!" By tViic time Mr. Saunders began to fear that possibly his company was none of the best, but he was not quite sure. So, as they were walking along, they came to a restaurant, brilliantly iUominated, and he asked the angels if they would not like some refreshments. The angels answered that they were just thinking of that very j subject, so in they went. Being seated ! when the waiter approached, he addressed j the usually stereotyped question, " What , will you have ladies ?" One looked at the ! menu, and, tossing it to her friend, said, "Gin fizz" and the other said "Brandy smash " Mr. Saunders looked panted, but . it could cot be helped. . He had signed tbe temperance pledge at the request of Brother Moody, though there *as no parti cular need of it, for Mr. Saunders bad never tasted liquor in his life, and if it conld have saved him from the scaffold he could nit have told the difference between jersey applejack and a brandy sour. -Then came the regular refreshments and when^ the whole thing was footed up, $15.46 snd Mr Saunders scanned the bill, he nearly fainted. Still there was Kothing to do but to pay it, which he did, snd starting out with an Angel On each arm went to another hotel, took a room, occupied it for a time, and then took another pleasant stroll with the ladies. It was not long before they met a policeman. Into his charge be gave his two fairies, whom he wanted punished for the crime of soliciting, and more especially to get even with the two gaydeceiverA who got ft way with nearly $20 of his good hard cash. The policeman not Only took the young ladies, btit he also nabbed Mr. Saunders, who, being a stranger, conld find no bail and was detained as a witness till the opening of the police court next morning, when the girls were fined $3 each and Mr. Saunders was let go. He declares tbat he is a gentle man of fortune, who wished to aid tbe cause of moral reform, so he started out On a private crusade of bis own. His experi ence has not been pleasant; he now recog nises, as henever did before, the wisdom of the old Greek proverb, " Ne sutar crepi dem"—Let the shoemaker stick to his last. From out of this maelstrom of wickedness and sin, which threatens the life of the Greater New York, and which will make consolidation a blistering curse instead of a lasting blessing, comes the firm resolve that the rum power shall no longer dominate our politics, state or national, and a new day shall give us a new life, where sobriety shall be the rule and drunkenness the exception, with a free ballot and an honest count, let the new city be born* and with these reforms honestly carried out -ve can trust the future of our country to Him who doeth all things Well. 