THE PAY OF REST. A SEHK0N. {Preached by the Bev. W- Oooke, Hector of All Saints Church, Moonta.] Which thing* xl*o we speak, not fa words which man's wisdom teacbeth, bat which the Spirit teacbeth, comparing spiritual tbingi gnjntoai. Now the natural man received not the thines of the Spirit of God, for they are feolishnesa unto Him, and be cannot fcnow them, becatue thevan spiritually judged.—1 Cor. 11.1S-H(R.V.}. The Apostle in this chapter declares that in bis preaching of the divine truth there is something which cannot be understood by merely human wisdom, or interpreted merely by the human reason. He does not claim for himself either excellency of speech or intellectual superiority, yet in an empbatio manner says that both power and wisdom are in hia doctrine. And though, ae a man, he was"with the Corinthians in weakness, fear, and much trembling, yet that which he taught them was both superior to and more mighty than anything else they were acquainted with in all the wisdom and philosophies of the Greeks. For his teaching was in demonstration of the Spirit and of power, that then faith might stand, not in the wisdom of 'men but in the power of God. Such ^ statement lifts at once Christian truth and lit« out of the merely intellectual and earthly, and gives it a divine and heavenly basis. He says, furthers that only by those who have received the Spirit of God can such teaching be appreciated and understood, and that none of the rulers of this world had thiB wisdom, for had they known it they would not have crucified the Lord of Glory. The Apostle makes here a sharp distinction between the spiritual man and tiie natural man.' One possesses the Spirit of God and illumination; the other the epint of the world,, and the mind is dark, knowing not spiritual truth. And this difference Eea at the foundation of all Christian life. The pouring-out upon men of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost marked the rebirth of humanity into a renewed state of being, a new kingdom of life, interpreting and applying to the minds of men the meaning of Christ'a redemption. They who received the Sjwit realized' in their consciousness their sonsbip with God, - and He bore witness in their hearts to that glorious fact. And the fact is real, vital,' oonscious brotherhood with Jesus Cftont the Saviour of men. It is evident, then, that this higher or deeper knowledge of truth transcends the powers of the unaided mind. A teacher—not a mere man, not an emanation or an inflnence, but a di vine person—was to take possession of men, purifying life, elevating humanity, perfecting character, and making- real the life ot God in man's souL This is the offioe of the Holy Spirit. Taking a broad view of this chapter and other such pasuges of Holy Scripture, we find this truth taught, vis., that the lower does not get a knowledge of the higher but by revelation only. The revelation comes down the order of intelligent beings. I suppose that an angel knows man better than a man knows himself, and perhaps a higher order of angel knows the lower order of angel better than the lower order knows himself. And it may be that the inferior cannot know the superior by any process of reasoning until a foundation for thtraght is given by revelation in some sort. However, of this we are certain, we know God only by revelation, and only so far as He has been pleased to make Himself known.' "Canst thou by searching find out God, canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection?" The questions must be answered in the negative. And yet we know God. He has spoken to man, in ancient days, at. sundry times, and in divers manners by the prophets; and m these last days He has spoken to us by His Son. And these voices are confirmed by * the indwelling of the Holy Spirit in the heart of awakened humanity 'since the day of Pentecost. \- t I will not ask you, this evening, to enter with me into a dry discussion on the inability of man's reasoning powers to discover spiritual and heavenly truths. The very fact that a revelation has been given by God to man declares the necessity of the gift. God has done for as what was needful, and the world is in possession of certain £reat truths not known to the heathen world, and these truths were delivered by men who professed td be sent by God, and to be His mouthpieces to the people. There is a nearer thought lying in our text, and it is to this we ask your attention. It is —Can man know the meaning of God's revelation without the help of God's Spirit? Are the natural powers of the mind—the reason of man—sufficient to take up, examine, judge, and decide upon the truths of revelation; Can a man who is not a true Christian w^nn, who does not love God or Christ, who does not. believe in God or Christ, who is not in sympathy with Christ's work, who is not trying to live a spiritual life—a life of faith, prayer, purity, obMience to spiritual law—can that man by any possibility enter into the meaning of God's word? Be careful how you answer these very important questions, for muoh depends upon how you do answi;- sbpsi. Shall I put them to you in plainer language, if that is possible? The text speaks of the natural man knowing not the things of the Spirit, and he cannot know them, because they arc spiritually judged. What does that me$n, but that the'natural man lacks the spiritual faculty? And wanting it there can be notrrifc judgment. For example, would you ask a- blind man to give you nis opinion on colouzs' or a deaf man to judge'on musical sounds? If not, why not? because they lack tha faculty for judgment. Take then a man who' has no faith in God, can he by any means form a judgment of saving faith, of a real trust in God? Can a man who has never, by the perversity of his will, allowed -the love of Goi to subdue and transform' his soul, enter into the. understanding' of what God's' love is? There is a selfish man who loves himself better than all tiie world j)lit together, and would put down, push aside, and trample upon everybody and everything to accomplish his selfish ends. Can that man understand the love of God which gave up the' only begotten and well-beloved Son to savs men? There is another man who does not understand the meaning of the word sacrifice or self-denial. He never denied himself for anything or anybody. He lives to please himself, and has no true feeling for others. What can he know about Christ pleasing not Himself, denying himself, taking up the Cross, laying down His life and dying for others? Others we find who do not pray, do not seek God's faoe, hold no communion with spiritual powers, have no desire for heavenly tilings; their souls thirst not for living waters, neither do their hearts hunger for the bread which 1 oometh down from heaven. Can we take such people's judgment in regard to "the things of the spirit of God." And what shall we say of those who delight in wickedness, who sin with systematic persistence -day by day, who never seek the divine pardon, but live all their days after the flesh. Can they judge of spiritual things? if bo, by what faculty? An unrepentant man cannot judge of godly sorrow for sin; an unbeliever knows nothing of the vital principle of faith. The habitual liar can never sit on the solemn judgment seat and decide on tiie merite of truth. Then there is the man of pleasure, who loves this world only, seeks all hu delight in it, puts all his faith in it, hopes all thittgfe from it, gives all his time to it, feels only its demoralizing spirit, is fascinated by it, enchained to it, and whose whole thought and conduct are governed by it—is he a oapahle judge of spiritual things? Can he instruct us in saving truths and holy life? Is he not blind to the heavenly light, and v deaf to the harmonies which rule in God's song of redemption? May we -not, then, answer the quetion, whether the natural reason of man can be a true judge in spiritual things, with an emphatic negative? Spiritual things an judged by spiritual faculties. I grant 700 that reason may decide on the mere formal statement of these things, but spirituality only trrasps the essence. There is an awful reason' in human life to account for this inability. The reason is sin. That element is tha moat patent fuct in the moral history of and it has left him helpless and degenerate. Apfl ' I would further observe that man must not seek in the truths of revelations the difficulties which baffle bis reason, so much as, in the reason itself, which has been more x>r blinded and has suffered deterioration through sin. Now the doctrine of the Bible is that God comes to man's help and gives him the spirit of wisdom and understanding; and the true way to a real spiritual experience'' is submission to that spirit's teaching. Let me illustrate this as briefly as I can. The text speakB of comparing spiritual things with spiritual; or, as the marginal reading has it, interpreting spiritual things to spiritual men. Not simply, I/ take it, the facts of experience only, but also the facts of faith and of revelation. Say, the Old Testament with the New; the types with the antitypes, the figures with the facta, the shadows of good things to come with the' substance; the law of Moses with the Gospel of Christ; and propheoy with fulfilment. And we find out that there is a great advance from the Old Testament to the New, and that one is greater than the other. But who will tell man this? for it is necessary that bs should know the difference and accept this advancement in divine revelation. When Philip joined himself to the eunuch who sat reading in his chariot, and said to him "Understandest thou what thou readest?" he said, "How can I except some mn.n shall guide me? . . . . I pray thee of whom speaketh the prophet this? Of himself or of some other man?" It was then that Philip, being sent and taught by the Spirit, taught the man who was a seeker after truth, and he was baptised into the faith of Christ. And we know also that for the want of this spirit of judgment or discernment many mistaken notions were abroad in the time of our Lord and of the early Church. Hence the mistakes of the disciples on >he nature of Christ's kingdom, making it earthly instead of heavenly, political instead of spiritual, local instead of universal. (To be conCinued.1 