THE ' Rangers of Roorback:; A Narrative ol Botany Bay. I +«»«+ (JN TWENTY PARTS.) PART XtX. Indeed he soon began to see to .t BO far as be was personally conccrncd the discovery he had made assisted to his safety. He was aware that the dead man could not have been many months in Sydney, and of course was not likely to have a large circle' of acquaintances. He would also, ifnecessary, be able to deceive the friends of Joseph Davis or Emmanuel Gosford, by liis know ledge of events connected with the deceased. As he reasoned on the subject, the enormity of the tragedy began to dwindle, until it shrunk to very small proportions in his power ful mind. It was broad daylight when he de cided to go through with the plans he had formed, and the sounds out side showed that people were begin ning to stir. There was no time to be lost, so going to the kitchen, he concealed the dead body of the dog, deciding to bury it during the com ing night in the back yard, if all went well. This done he returned to the room where the foul crime was committed, and divesting him self of the blood-stained clothes which lie wore he proceeded to don the garments of the dead man. . They fitted him fairly well, and when lie looked in a small glass kept in the apartment, he was pleased to see the transformation effected. There was still, however, the seri ous difference in hirsute appearance ^ to be overcome. The black beard "worn hy the outlaw was not more . than three inches long, while that on ■-.tbe lateowner of the shop was quite a foot in length. Though the idea was 'most repugnant to him, he ^l^cognisedit was absolutely essen ,„;tiaV<t<J Safety that be should put on ^the beard taken from bis brother's face. ' With that purpose in >view, he' cut off short his own, and after a little trouble, fixed tH'e false beard on his face. The change made was:mar vellous, .and even the most intimate : acquaintance of the late Joseph Davis would have failed to penetrate tbe disguise. The chief danger of faililre in his plans rose from the lack of knowledge the pretender had of tbe commercial transactions in which his brother had been involved. ■ On that point he would have to exercise the utmost care, ■ ■ in searching the room he found a bottle of whisky and nearly jfioo in tnoney. The spirits were acceptable, fortheshockof the.discovery when Davis found, he bad killed- his ■ brother, had greatly unnerved him, and he'waG glad to revive his droop ;ing courage. Before opening the ihoj> fbfe (counterfeit proprietor made a large -fire and burned some of the .stained clothing, which he had dis- j t&rded.; After consuming half jthe botfle of spirits, he decided to throw 'the Shop Open, it being about nine o'clock, but he took good care to'se pure the doors leading into the other apartments first. • A . When he opened the front, be ■ found there was not more than b&lf; ''i ddzW shops "in the vicinity; but further io tkeDorth, beginning about, a quaver, of a njile from the shop, .-Sydney proper began, There wete a few persons moving along the Toad, bad two of those when passing nodded to him in a friendly, way. Evidently they thought it , was; Emmanuel Gosford they were sa-' luting, Less than a hundred yatds distant, he. noticed a store, and as there was no food in the house, he determined to trust himself as far as the place, and purchase what he re quired. It would also be a test as tp 4he; value of the disguise. Closing and locking the door after Vim, h? proceeded along the street with-his .right hand in the pocket of the'-coat'he wore. There was- a loaded pistol there, and recognition 'would mean death to some one. Assuming the most nonchalent de meanor he could, the outlaw entered the store, where be was greeted as "Mr. .Gosfofyd." The salutation was returned, in a general sort rrf way, and he then ordered what he. Wanted. '^The storekeeper appar ently did'not have the remotest Suspicion he was serving anyone saving his neighbour, the jeweller, and as Davis returned to the shop ' he felt that his plans were working out-splendidly. If those who were ninst intimately acquainted with the dead man, mistook the murderer for him, then surely outsiders would not, discover the dreadful fraud. During the day only a couple of -4>eople..caine into the shop, and they wfere easily dealt with. From his . experience of the previous night the outlaw knew the usual time for clos ing, and when it arrived, he prom ptly put up the shutters wilh a feel ing of relief, that the first day was ,over.. The tension had been con-, siderable, though not so much as might have been expected under the [circumstances. He had been able . to get abundance of food and drink, Which were so much required, and that had a strengthening iffect on him. When the shop was closed, he at once went to the brick and made a hole to bury the dog. When this was done, the remainder oI the tell tale clothing wa9 destroyed by fire and while it was burning, Oavis helped himself to marc ilinn one draught of hot spirits. Dn:irg the day he had thought of removing 11 stretcher on which his biotlu: li.id slq>t to the kitchen, for he did uol half fancy making a bedroom ot the apartment underneath which the nuiiduiKd man nas interred. As it might look suspicious to re move the furniture, the idea was abandoned, l>ut all the same he re solved not to slui.p in the chamber J of death. Shortly before midnight he entered tin-* room, ard taking a ruf* from it, hs passed the night in i/i kilcb'n. it .vas in vain he trir.ii i.) sleep on the rough couch uhich was in the apar rnent. Tlioug'i he had no rest the preceding- nigh I, soothing slumber would not visit bim woo it how he might. Two or three times he dropped into a fitful doze only to arouse with a start id a few minutes in a spasm of horrible fear. The place seemed. to be haunted for his guilty consci ence remained wide awake though the bodily faculties tried to sleep. The ghosts of Day, Brake, Brook, Shea, Hanlon and his brother, rose before him as he had last seen them and for the first time, Davis realised what a murderer's thoughts were. J At last he started up with a fierce oath and piling more fuel on the fire resolved to beep awake and defy fear. Mixing a cupful oi whisky and hot water, he drank it off and began pacing the room to keep awake, So the night passed,' and when daylight came he laughed at the fears he endured. The second day passed uneventfully, and worn out with, want of rest, he managed to snatch a couplc of hours of troubled sleep during the night. It was only two hours of refined mental agony however, and on the following day he resolved, if possible, to obtain a companion. There was a con siderable risk in bringing anyone into the shop, but anything was preferable to the haunting fears he suffered alone. \- The excuse he made for obtaining an assistant was increase of business, and when the young man took up his abode with the late outlaw, the neighbours were glad to know that one at least amongst them was doing well. The very day that the assistant was secured, the little settlement was thrown into un wonted agitation by the news that two of the famo is outlaws known in the Colony as "The Rangers of Razorback," had been captured. In fact they had been secured -.a few days previously, but the information had not been conveyed- to tlie out post on the Botany Bay road. Joseph Go6ford's shop was the centre of the village gossips on the subject,and the Lite leader of the gang had to listen to many comments on himself which were not of a very complimentary character. It was now known that three out of the four convict escapees from the Nepean settlement had been accounted for, but the arch offender was 6till at large. A reward of iooo was offered for the apprehension of Alfred Davis, and the outlaw at times could scarcely refrain from laughing at the way his neighbour* discussed plans for-his-capture, while he formed the centre of the grou~ which arranged them. It was pleasing to think that be had jnost effectually h^"»d winked" and deceived them. , Jn the midst of his security there, was one point -which troubled him,> That was the false beard he wore. It was .necessary to keep his own dipped closfe to the skin iri order to ' wear the (aide-one,und once or twice j he actually thought of shaving. 'Hie] danger of- that course however ^ quickly dawned upon him. In his convict daysof "course he was shaveji weeklyt and if he were to reverts Is i that -practice, recognition might follow. The long beard was the palladium of his safely, and. he> must keep it inviolate. It soon came to his ears that Lewis and Zicman had confessed to thcauthoritics all they could regard ing the outlaw gang, and of course Davis himself came in for his full share of blame. The captured con victs only told the truth, and in fact the case.against Davis was not painted so black as it migljt have been.. The Only thing thfit caused i 'the' !ate«lead$fj';of Hieta'i^shjanging baud any concern, was tHe cniphatic opinion expressed by the prisoners that Davis had made for Sydney, and in all, probability was being conccaled by someone in the chief settlement. At first the authorities wtraM-tiofr- give ■•credence to the ■statement,, but at .length they were sb irtipVVssed with it that a domi ciliary-search was ordered. As a result, the premises occupied by Davis and his assistant were searched by a party of constables', backed up by a military escort. The result was barren, and in fact tHe episode partook more of a pleasant meeting between the outlaw and the police authorities than a domiciliary search in quest of a notorious male factor. Davis expected the patty to arrive, and laid in a plentiful stock of food and strong; drink, with which to regale them. The officer in charge of the party pronounced the jeweller to be one of the best fellows in the country and his health was repeatedly drunk in flowing hampers. ' This was Davis's first official | meeting with the police of Sydney, and the constables, who were so royally entertained, did not have the remotest shadow of suspicion the much sought outtaw was their host. When they had gone and were busily occupied searching his neighbour's premises, the Jew felt a sense of security to which be had long been a stranger. The chief constable had informed him of the date fixed for the execution of Lewis and Zieman, and as all Sydney would be present to see the bushrangers, it was only natural that Davis should not form an exception. In fact he had a morbid Jonging to wituess the end, of (he (wo wretched men be had lured to dea'.k without any apparent reason. In going to Parraiv.utU, the out law did not dream thai either of the conden.r.ed men ucjld i^cognise him in thl- croud, and to make as surance dou:>!y s-.j;c. hi remained a con?ide;al)\ d--: ;r.ce .,w.ij horn the sc.iflold. I!i :'i .-i "i d reason lur (Jus. 11 I!.. :: -i I: ■ uan led io he f.ii r;i„u$:!« 10 c.s cape recc_;n uon; i d al.-:o wisi.cd to escapi ilie cuish ol ilie mob thiougli fear dial li I.ilac heard might he disturbed. Lewis recognise-. I),i \ i. and makes some exclamation, diawing the attention of the Slieull I>y pointing Davis out, hut oiderh \w;e given by tlie head official (or the hanging to pioceed. 1J is recognition by Lewis filled him with a ieeling akin to tenor, for it was uncanny, How the doomed man could picice the disguise, was more than he could understand, and he attributed it to miraculous agency. The way the young convict acted on the scaffold very nearly led to the downfall of the jew, and he did not feel safe until he returned to the shop. For several days after the execu tion, he remained in his room on.tbc plea that be was unwell, but gradu ally the fright disappeared, and he took an active part in his business affairs. With the death of O'Shea, Lewis and Zieman, it seemed as if the fu ture safety of Davis was assured. His plans had resulted as satisfac torily as if a higher power than mortal man had conceived them. Indeed, the way the outlaw chief had outwitted the authorities was little short of marvellous. The means were simple in the extreme, but they had dove-tailed one to the other in a way which made the scheme perfect. It is said that the devil takes care of his own, and the truth of the saying was exempified in the career of Davis. Had he not been strangely directed to the house occupied by his brother, it is almost certain be must Jia\te been captured by the authorities within a day or two. The arrest of Zierri&n; and ' Lewis would have precipitated that-1 result. J for a few months after the execu tion, Davis occupicd himself exclu- I sively with the bi^gaess, and for a time he was Actually pleased with the idea of pursuing a commercial life. He had speedily put himself on an excellent footing with the public, for he was a fellow with a good address and an engaging man ner. The trade which his brother had entered upon was also a lucra tive one, and altogether the lot of the late outlaw was cast in pleasant places. Amongst the best customers were the civil and military officers, and he kept himself on a good footing with them. Though not food of display ing jewellery himself, he was forced to follow {the example set him by J^seph .Davi6 iti that respect. Con sequently Emmanuel Gosford, as he was /'calico-was about the best pissed inan in Sydncy. a&d; his ftp jpcar^&oe; aitdgethe* was distin-" AtffiSfl. He w^sitjvjted to ail the "SeHal gatherings* ofany.ncite,.,and; was in short reeqgnised «s a part of Sydney societyi'feTiJc fellow had ft , remarkable aptlraiJe* for reading" ■cjipracter.v both: ptale end female, atidjtluWaculty (Stood him in good need. It enabled him to steer a safe couise_lba?ugh & channel beset with ^ibOTtSjJand -wphm twelve months ] of tEe burning of Brook farm, the peipctratorW&fi; doc of the. 'most pppjiluf nitin at. Government house. The wheel of fortune turns very strangely at times, but surely never were the ups and downs of life more strapgely axemplificd than in the career of Alfred Davis. The jump from a hunted outlaw to a respect able guest at the victe- regal mansion was a big one, but it had been suc cessfully accomplished by the des perado, on. whose head a price was i Thfe liberality of the Jew had a good deal to do with his popularity. It is not often those of the ' Hebrew race are prodigal of their gifts, but Davfei or Gosford, certainly was. Hedid no* -spend money very freely, but made numerous . presents of jevyellery tp those who might be able [ to do him a service if needed, There I was a method in his liberality which. was worked on a well organised plan. The j^vernor himself was not above accepting a~£old chronorrieter from "Emmanuel Gosford, and the present was not barren of results. • Shrewd people said the object of the Jew was to incjease his. business by giving ptelehtti which were a big adver-1 tiaetnent to him. It was his method casting bread on the waters, which Would return tenfold. It might be thought that the for tune which emiled on the ex-convict would .have been a solace for the troubles he had passed through, but in fact th&t; was not so. The more prosperity shone on him the more gloomy the man became. His many ' Friends did not fail to note this, and the Jew ascHbed his increasing mel ancholy to a disordered liver. Close attention to business was telling on him he asserted, and in truth the convict's appearance to some extent ■bore out that statement > Dr. Johnstone, who was the re cognised medical authority in the limited but exclusively fashionable circle at the head settlement, was consulted by Davis, or rather Gos ford, and that gentleman agreed that a change would prove highly bene-1 ficial to the Hebrew jeweller. This proposal was slyly suggested by the patient MmselT, but so cleverly, that it was scarcely apparent. The jewl said it meant ruin to his business. J 