'" CHAPTER V.- . ? The next morning, or rather on that roorn ingMr. Cox, at eight, rode ovar to the township of Penrith, and saw Hamilton, Weir's second witness. Hamilton, a« did Williams, corro bated all that Weir had stated, so far as re- lated to the second time the spectre had been seen, and Hamilton further voluntesied the' assertion that no one in the party was in the' slightest degree affected by drink. There was a tribe of blacks in the vicinity and Mr. Cox sent for the chief and several others. The European name of this chief was ' Johnny Crook,' and, like all his race, he was an adept in tracking. Accompanied by Weir, Hamilton, Williams, and the blacks Mr. Cox proceeded io the spot. Weir had no difficulty in pointing out the exaot rail. The broken boughs and the notches on the post were his unerring guides. ' Johnny Crook, after examining the rail very minutely, pointed to some stains, and exclaimed, ' white man's blood 1' Then lea** ing over the fence he examined 'he brush- wood and the ground adjacent Em long he r stat ted off, beckoning Mr. Cox and his atten danta to follow. "For more than three quarters of a mi)e, (over forest land, the savage tracked the footsteps of a man, and something trailed ulong the eaith (fortunately, so far as the ends of justice was concerned, no rain had fallen during the period alluded to by Old David, namely, fifteen months. One heavy shower would haveobliterated all these tracks most probably, and curious enough, that very, night theie waa a frightful downfall, such a downfall as had not been known for many a long year), until they carne to a pond, or wateihole, upon the surface of which was a bluish scum. This scum the blacks, after an examination of it, declared to be . white man's fat.' The pond in question was not ou Fisher's land or Smith's^ It was on Crown land at the rear of their properties. ' Whpn full to the brim, the depth of the water was about ten feet in the centre : but at th'e time referí ed to there waa not uiore than thiee feet and a half, and badly as the cattle wanted water, it .was very evident, from the absence of recent hoof-prints,.that' they would not di ink'at this pond. Ths blacks walked into the pond at the lequest of Mr. Cox, and felt' about 'the muddy . bottom with their feet. They were not long employed thus, when they came upon a bag of bones, or rather, the re- mains of a human body, kept tagethsr by clothing whicli had become so rotten it would scarcely, bear the touch. The skull was still attached to the body, which the blacks raised .to the surface and brought on shore, together i with* a 'hig'stone, and .the remains of a large silk handkerchief. The features were hot reoognisable/biit the hutton», qn the. clothes, and the boots were those which Mr. Fisher used to wear. And in the |iooket of the tionsei Bi.waR found a buck-horn-handled knife which bore,the initials, "J.F." engraved on ' a' small silver plate. It was one of those knives which, ,epn¿aj*ied a large, blade, ,t*»o aníall ones, a corkscrew, gimlet, horse-shoe picker, tweezers, screw driver, etc., etc.' The mur- derer, whoever it might be, had either for- gotten to take away this knife, or had pur- posely left' it with the body, for all the other pockets were turned inside out. , 'Well,sir, what do you think of thatf said old Weir to Mr. Cox, who looked on- in a state of amazement which almost amounted to bewilderment. ' I scarcely know what to think of it,' waa Mr. Cox's leply. ' But it is lucky for you, David, that you ate a man, of such good chaiactei' that you are beyond the pale of being sus-iected of HO,foi*] a deed.' /«T.'sji f,Ju \f ,i,' , ,, 'j'Yes, yon., If it were not that this dead (rnnn'n'pioD<-rty is( advertised for sale, it might ¡}\n\a gone,veiy hupl^with you, old man. It might ha ve been suggested thatynni oonacienoe had 80ii\ettiing|tod0j**rïth the information jon gave mVní, the ghost. But slav bere^'all of yo'l," « it li the' body until I return. 'I'HIIUII not be aident for more than an hour ' Hate .vou a paii of liandouUH about'you¡ Hamilton V i '"Sovcialltair, sir,' replied the constable 