Thonns Jarvis' Interviews! O.i Thursday afternoon, our represents ? tive' made his way to the humble home of Air Thomas; Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane U ltimp He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be . one pf the happiest nien in Sydney. He was up and about and 'able to answer the knock at me uoor. /vituougu pate anil Hearing still the marks of a critical illness, aid a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on a rapid road to convalescence. . In reply to the preliminary- questions, lie said: ' You w.yit to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you; The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were were you suffering?' ' Well twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, ami I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas,' I met with an accident j I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney .Since the accident I have bean in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billit at the Glebe Island.' - ' .' What were the symptoms?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as' much as 1 could bear. 'They were for a'l the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everybody else. I was incessantly ? shivering and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last 1 saw a well- known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions,' ' Did you make u.ie of the order?' . 'No; 1 came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well .i;i beil ever since 1- ive weeks ago 1 could not .viilk across the floor; in fact, I eotiUI nut gut out of bed. 1 felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost My doctor was attending me, aid did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him fur live or .six weeks, lie came to the conclusion that I was suffering from I.ocomotor ataxia, cr Progressive locumntm ataxy, a disease iif the spinal cor.l, cliarac* tci'ised by peculiar disturb-vicc* of gait, an I difficulty in ccMoi'dhatinti voluntary move ineiits, lie told me that I. mia'lit lasl for tail yc&ij;, and Hut t might utviv get the uie of my legs. (Just then the. patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a st'nw, I erasped at nn idea' conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another hoilcr-m.ikcr in England, which I read in the 'Australian Workman ' by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in, thn advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own I determined to give the Pink Pills ,1 trial a-nyivny, nnd sent for a box The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was, tlie matter with me, It was the fir-it appetite ami rest I had for many, a day. It iv.is... incredible. I im mediately left the had ^ml was able to move tiioiit I have taken fntir boxes of Pink Pills during the i-ast four weeks, and am. low taking 'he fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those erntuhes there ? They arc perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too.wcak to use them, anl now I don't want them. Al! I want is this stick, and I hope soon tr do without it. Von see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ? 'He is 100 per cent better,' said Mrs Jarvjs, who had come in and'taken.thc baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man Of him.' -r A Iriend who called in at this point, said that 'arvis looked ten years, younijcr that day than lie did a lortmght previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, nnd all the feeling has come bac1- in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boil.er-niaker, and you know I have to be in the very pin\ of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have bee 1 at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change nnd benefit to these Pink- Pills. They haW saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, anil feel like n new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pil's which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. Hut they can stay where they arc, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been am.17.ed a' the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. Mvbeini; about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' ? Such is this remarkable history, and it VUlllll m:- w11.11 is naiu in uu me miici licvva papersof this country of the astonishing cures wrought by- Dr. Williams' Pink Pil s for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxv. partial piratysivand spinal disease, also the niany disorders which ar'se from an im poverished state of the b'nod.such as anrcmia, pale and fallow complexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, '0 s of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, ner vous headache, etc. 