A SYDNEY laSiCLE. ISVEETlC-iTION BT A HEP0EX2E. THE ISTZiZmSG CASE 07 HE IHC-HAS JAETLS. WHO HATH THaT A -ii’r WEEE= AGO HE “AS 07777070 PA2TIALI.T PAEAL7SED. =7772230 TEOH AGCOHOTOS ATAXIA. A5D HZHFL2IS. DOCTOEr, H0S?7T-Aa AtTTE';HA~SS, A1H> ttEHTOITE SAID ES HEI7 DIE, AS HXS CASE was HoirissH. srr thht teei yi177±7777. 7 0-7:77 HE IS A 21 K*y. mi. GE LITE ASH H5X2GT. HIS CEU7CEES HE HAS TEEC“H AXAT, HIS HEAD XUfES HATE DIES. HIS Al.-ZTITE HAS EE7VE5ED. AID ih tact he has a irrw lhase or AIDE CUT A5D on. So much interest bis been = &own; by our reAcers in ibis mirvsl’ou; ; Cass ifcit we bare published the facts ; again as they appeared ;n the Asitiraliar, Workmen a few week= ■ One afternoon our represents: ve j toad* bis wiv to tbe bone of Mr j Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, 1 Ultimo. He was discovered ucrsmg j ft two-yesr-oid babr, and bis face i declared Lim to fee one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was : tip and about and able to answer tbe j knock at tbe door. In reply to tbe preliminary qnes Hcns, be said : “ Ton want to know ail abni my case ? Well, I am glad n? an opportunity to tell yon. Tbe facts may be of value to those who are stricken 2= I was.” “How long were yon suffering?” “Well, twelve months ago I got *0 bad that I bad to leave off work, 1 and I bare done zothizg since then. ] Abont Srs year* ago, next Christmas, j I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in | Pitt-staeet. Sydney. Since tbe 1 aecident I have been in failing health, j and after four years of gradual : development of tbe malady I was , forced to give up my billet at tbe ; Glebe Island.” “ What were tbe symptoms f” j “ Simply indescribable. Tbe pains j were something terrible. They were [ just about as much as I could bear. ; They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in ! two in every part of my body. I bad no ’ control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every- • one else. I was incessantly shiver- ; ing and shaking, and could neither 1 eat nor sleep. On tbe 23rd March ] last I saw a well-known doctor, and : be t Id me that my case was utterly \ bop'-less. However. gave me an j Order to the Director of Charitable ; Institutions.” j “ Did you make use 0; tbe order r” ; “lio ; I came home and went to! bed, and have bees pretty well in bed j ever Etnce. Five weeks ago I could j not walk across tbe floor; irt fact, j I could not get out of bed. I felt ' then that it was all over with me, : and only a question of days when I j would give up the ghost. My doctor j was attending me, and did all be i coul-t, by opium [and morphia pills, j to ease the agony I was in. I was j under him for five or six weeks, i He came to tbe conclusion that I i was suffering from locomotor atazia ■ or progressive locomotor at8zy, a \ disease of tbe spinal cord, cfearac- i tensed by peculiar disturbances of ! gait and difficulty in co-ordinating Tolcnfary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my i-gs. (Jest then the patient kicked bis legs about with energy, to show that rnedicai opinion is not infallible ) Well, just as a drowning man will gTasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing tbe cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in ! England, which I read in tbe Auiiralian Workman, Lj Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tbe advertisement of a case which seemed to St my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for m*ny a day. It was in credib'e. I immediately left tbe bed and was ab'e to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with tbe aid of a stick, and am ! gradually, but surely, recovering my I former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams’s Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.” “ He is 100 per cent better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “ Dr Williams’s Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years yonnger that day than he did a fortnight previously. “ I can now, ’ continued Jarvis “ have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in ray legs. If J keep on going tbe way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in' the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time dnring the past five year-. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. Thev have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a cow man. On the mantelpiece there i3 a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excrncialiDg pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at tbe change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.” Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams’s Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as antenna, pale and Sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not s purgative. They are genuine only —;:b the foil t’-me. Dr 'lVil.iaras = Pi=k P:Hs for P*ie P o:l-, acd are eo!d fcj chexais’s ar.d eT/.'rekeeprr Eerjersflj, or the D-- WilHsms’i Med;c:ne Coiapaor, Q^ees’s Pitcs, ~_t vri.I forvrir: orj receipt or ftiisps or poet-'See order one box for 2~. S ■; 'r»a’f doz-a f r 14s Si 