Bctfes 2s ©ommcniFS. A Cycle of Gathay is the attractive title of a new book on Chinese missions just published by Dr. Martin, who was a missionary in connection with the American Presbyterian Board. He has had a long experience of Chinese [work having gone there in 1850. In connec tion with mission work in that vast Emnire. he savs : 'I hold that the results achieved afford good ground for expecting more brilliant results in the near future. . . There are, however, visible results in full proportion to the means employed. The 100-200 converts I found in 1850 have expanded to 55,000-60,000 in 1895. The churches, or organised companies of believers, are not far from 1,000. Some hundreds of these are supplied with native pastors. Mission schools, some of which rank as colleges, are raising up large bodies of young men well equipped for this work. Here, then, is an agency from which there is more to hope than from the multiplication of the foreign, element. Foreign missionaries in large' numbers will, it is true, be needed for a long time, and they will find ample scope for their energies in the work of education Jand superintendence. There is'no danger of of too many entering the field, if our missionary societies encourage none to offer who are not fitted by superior training. Weak and ignorant men and women are out of place in China. In addition to other qualifications, they require to be strong in faith and full of the Holy Ghost.' But the same re marks will apply to New Guinea, or any other mission field. The Annual Report of the Y.M.G.A. just published for 1896 is very hopeful in its tone. Its opening paragraph says ' the bright prospects which seemed to be before the work at the close of 1895 were largely realised during the greater part ot the past year, the opening months especially being characterised by active and vigorous effort in many departments. The tone of confidence which has per vaded business circles has not been without its influence on the Association.' We have become so accustomed to hear ing about hard times and reading pessi mistic reports, that it is quite cheering to be able to look at the other side, and take cheerful, if not optimistic, views of the future. The Y.M.C.A. does a good deal of Christian work, both social, educational, religious, and it plies its manifold agencies with considerable vigour. The relief fund is one of practical philanthropy, and in connec tion with it large sums have been received from parents and relatives in the old country, which have been care fully and faithfully disbursed, as directed, to the sons and brothers here, and touching letters of thanks for this kindness have been received by the General Secretary. But, like all other institutions of the kind, the work is full of wear and worry, owing to the daily callers who want help of some kind or other, and some of whom are transparent frauds. ' It is refreshing,' says the report, ' one moment to talk with the youth who is transparently genuine and trying, the next to fence the man who beneath his fair and honest exterior hides a heart as black and cunning as one could possibly imagine. Here is a wife who seeks your help in releasing her husband from gaol. Here again is a father whose boy is lost, &c.;' There is no work that more requires the wisdom of the serpent than that of charity. It is hard to say so, but it is nevertheless true. We heartily congratulate the Hon. S. E. Lees upon the sate return of himself and family to the colony, and likewise upon the pleasure and profit he has derived from his visit to Europe. London seems to have been the great attraction to Mr. Lees, as indeed it is to most visitors from all parts of the world. It is not 'so much its immense size which attracts, though that is always impresssive to the mind of any thoughtful man ; it is the seeming per fection which is attained in regulating its ceaseless and enormous traffic, and in keeping the whole city in a state of health and cleanliness, so that it has Decome line envy oi many ioreign cities and the wonder of the world. Mr. Lees was struck with this, and to the Herald interviewer he said, ' The municipal government of London, for instance, seems as complete as it can be made in so vast a city. But with such wide and varied interests at stake, there is always great anxiety as to the best way to deal with the important issues of municipal life. The immense growth of the city is always presenting its authorities with new and difficulc problems.' . So it is, but the problems are dealt with as they arise, and a Tammauy ring would not be tolerated there to monopolise or obstruct. A tour like that made by Mr. Lees is an education in itself, and especially so to our public men. And Mr. Lees is just the man to put acquired knowledge to the practical uses of life. ? u ? The rage for athletics still continues, and seems likely to do so, and above all other games cricket holds it own. In these colonies, as in the old country, it has become a national game, and the gate money of the recent Intercolonial iu this city, was a sufficient testimony to the hold it has on the community. A distinguished foreigner visiting Great Britain recently naively remarked, ' I thought cricket was a graine, I see it is a religion.' It seems recognised as if it it were an established law of nature that reaction follows excess. And al ready in the old country there are signs of a reaction setting in. Stanley has lifted up a warning voice, and so have many other less known men. The press too, has not been altogether silent, although for the most part it worships cricket, and sports and athletics gener ally, bring an enormous quantity of grist to its mill. But Englishmen are becoming thoroughly awake to foreign competition, and especially to that of Germany. The German clerk has become a sort of spectre, so much is he feared. He can write and speak two or three living languages, whilst his English compeer remains content with his native vernacular. Rightly or wrongly, the idea prevails very widely, that the average Briton must give less time and energy to athletics, and more to self- qualification, if he is to hold his own against the ubiquitious foreigner. In December last Mr. Gladstone attained the age of eighty-seven, and he received at Hawarden an immense number of congratulations. At a ban quet held at York in honor of the occa sion, Sir Frank Loekwood said be did not know whether he admired most Mr. Gladstone's courage, his oratory, or his , industry, but it was the combination of the three which made him the great master of politics they knew him to have been. All these talents, however, had as the basis upon which they were worked that great love of principle which distinguished him. He was glad to think that Mr. Gladstone's friends now were not confined within the limits of any political party. That was as it should be, for he was indeed a monu ment of which this country might well be proud. Mr; Gladstone retired from office, not with title and wealth, but with something that the British people valued much more — an untarnished reputation, a great and an honorable name. Surely it was a touching spec tacle that the man who had swayed the destinies of this nation, whose name had been associated with all our great political enterprises, found now in this, the glorious sunset of his life, his. happiness, his consolation, amongst those with whom he was connected by family ties and family affections.' He has. been Premier on four different occasions, and his name has become inseparably associated with modern history. He is still in good health, and may be regarded as a living object lesson on temperance, religion and sobriety. ? o ? ] The celebration of the birthday of the G.O.M., has brought out the fact that the old country must be a famous place for longevity, and for the production of grand old men. One of the London journals gives the names of some who are now living. For instance, Lord Armstrong is eighty-aix, and still hale and hearty ; the Duke of Northumber land is the same age ; the Master of the Rolls is eighty .one ; Mr. C. P. Villiers, the Father of the House of Commons, is ninety-fo'ur ; Sir Isaac Holden is eighty- nine; Sir Henry Bessemer is eighty- three ; and Sir James Paget is eighty-two. The oldest of the Bishops is Dr. Ryle of Liverpool, who is eighty, but the new Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Temple, is not so very far behind him. ' But,' says the Daily News, ' whether prolonged life is in every case a blessing may well be doubted. How much better it would be for the fame and peace of many old men if their careers,,had closed earlier. No life is prematurely cut short if it passes into the length of days for ever and ever. ' Our night taper burns long enough if it lets in, the Eternal Day.' ' How beautiful the sentiment ex- . .... pressed by William A. Booth, for many years a member af the American Presby terian Board of Missions, lying at death at the age of ninety : — ' I am perfectly adjusted to that other world, but I should like to stay a little longer in this in order to be of some further use to the cause of foreign Missions.' Happy, thrice happy they who realise their perfect adjustment to the world beyond. No evidence therefore can be more satis factory than tender, prayerful synipathy with Christ's purpose and efforts to save men. — Indian Witness. 