,BE D THERE. are told; . is stranger n;, and I may also add that :'. thin fiif following maybe taken as. trvnanglylike'fictionf "A a citrion) is for the truth - of the friend Ton yarn. Included in his circlelo he said, was a pussy cat, dbeih developed mange or some i dime, lie thought desirable to ti do o, not wishing his nine trd ooy to know anything about feliid, lie waited until the young flpot to bed before hlie started . pu Having procured a bucket of water and tied 'a 'brick p ep'se neck lie tipped her into o urea and covered. over the Swith the family, washboard, ec thereon all the bricks, flatirons; within reach to keep the cat from' g out again. He rose early next: toing and proceeded to administer oites of burial to the defunct felino Swht t was his surprise to find,-on S crg the bucket, instead of being d es very much alive. Slie had op all the water in the bucket rs sitting on the brick!, _-Me pussy must have had at rare old the day before to have developed ca thirst as that. . That reminds me of the2 German rkmen who were tunneling a cellar der a lager bier brewery. ' An ormus vat of "bug-juice" burst and fed the cellar. filling it up to the SHundreds of rescuers were on scene at once. and-you' know the 'with the rescuers' drinking to the bottom, and the submerged drinking up to the top, the rescue as accomplished in a few moments. Swell! " truth is stranger than icon !" A friend of mine, who hails from the Green Isle. hearing an acquaintance claim the other day, "I have de aended from some of the greatest loses in Ireland," immediately 're "rted.' So you did, many a time-on tladder." The following will pass muster. The icident did not occur in this district : A very old resident of - journeyed into the bush one day to cut a load of i. He was overtaken by a" severe derstorm, and rain poured in nt for about an hour. Fearing te would be drenched to the-bone vled into a hollow log. When in passed over the sun came rsnd warped the log to such an aenst that he found it an impossibility to crawl out of the hole he had gone in.' Visions of dying in the log immediately suggested itself to him, and his past life appeared before his eyes like an open book. He thought of all the mean and contemptible acts he had been guilty of, and the meanest among them appeared the fact that lie had" all his life borrowed a local paper from his neighbor instead of paying for it him self. This made him feel so terribly sall that he crawled out of the log withe t any. difficulty, and at once has d to the office of the local paper and hd his name placed upon the sub scrib e' list; I bve had a letter from Mr John Odlin , the general secretary for Dr. iarn do's Homes, asking me to insert the ollowing if the editor of. the CIn, nicle does not object :-Dr. Bar nad 's "Night and Day" for November repeats the story that so many public charities have had t ' namely, that olnhtles-to r iiy funds Iow making their drafts u'n!n the benevo lent, receipts haves seriously fallen off, and t!'ere is urgent need of immediate help to maintain the efficiency of the work. Severe retrenchments have been effected, and yet the well-known Homes, which have rescued 32,000 boys and girls, and which have nearly 5,000 children now under their care, are crippled for lack of the needful in come. It is an interesting and suggest ive story, however,'of beneficial work that Dr. Barnado has to tell. The late Mr Mundello devoted his last pub lic utterance to a warm oulogium of the boarding-out method of the Homes although he admitted that at first he had " grave: doubts'" about these methods. Yet his conclusion is : "Would to God the same methods were introduced into the system of the ad ministeration of the whole of -the poor law of the country." These words accur in fully illustrated report of the 32nd annual meeting of the Homes f- a os r by the Duke ef Marl \- .'iJ. The article on " Waif \- .eiay:' will interest the ^hun S'/sof towns'and villages whose con • utions are recorded. We observe -..at a Ssii 1Dnial Week for the bene fit cf the child-en 'has- bzen fixed for ths third week in November. During ths year the -Homes have emigrated 6Si4 trained boys and girls to Canada and the Colonies, making a total of 9,396. A copy of this issue of Night snd Day will be sent post free to any applicant who writes for it to 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, London, E. Mrs Smith was in the habit of retiring whesi Mr Smith did not reach here by 11 p.m.-leaving Mary, tlie lousemaid to wait up' for him.- After Stime Mrs S. became suspicious, and determined to wait up herself. At 1.30 ebe turned all the lights out, ard..was about to camp when she' beard som?e 'w-ut thm'-dor, en;-n 6, going on to hibe n, received the whispered query " a that you, Mary t" Imitating lar7's voice, she whispered back "Yes" thinking she would lead hIim on a bit in the darikness and fiud out things. Then she pulled back the bolt, and hlie murmured from outside, " Go into the dining room, Mary. I'll hiang mgy coat up and be with you in a minute." She went,. and be shortly followed into the dark rom and sat with her on the sofa, and flirted. in..a \- oss pronounced manner and kissed lher times unaccountable. "Now' is the time,Y' thought she triumphantly, to let him see what he has been doing." Upon which she'got up and lit the gas. S It was the policeman. Mrs S. 3' now feeling most unsettled, and the vigilant officer is simply- bursting with nawledge. "Persons. desirous of having their •· 9r.t, -'t in order" are informed. by: 'notice posted at the lodge df a suburban emetery-famous as the resting place Or a poet-that the matter can be arranged on certain, payments to the caretaker. From time immemorial we have had romantic- people who have said or sung "see thlit my grave's kept green," but they were content to pass it on as a general instruetion to pos -ority, rather than make a definite contract with the caretaker,.who in the natural course of things, may pre decease them. In slang terms the ghost must walkin that cemetery be cre the caretaker becomes responsible for the graves, but it is not the sort of ihost who, in the stilly night, stalk down from B .compartment 'in hb shroud ai d says, ' Look her, youe'.e not had4 the spray spump over my pelar. goniume for the last- three mouths; See to it, like a good fellow." The caretaker doesn't mind that sort of appeali To him the owner of a grave is not, the uninteresting person who occupies it, but the one who pays spot cash for the decorations. A shudder ran through the Assembly wlhen it became -known that" i- hie capacity as head of the police, Mr Pea cock, the Chief Secretary, had made an. inspection of the walls tottering from the recent fire in Flinders stheet. It was not alone the fact that Mr Peacock is young and fair, or that he is nnmarried, and has no family dependent on him. Other men, young, handsome and unattached, might have ventured into danger without exciting as much alarm. It was the fact that` the youthful Chief Secretary carries about with him a dangerous explosive. Every precaution, however, was taken to protect Mr Peacock from the ap proach of any humorist. One little joke whispered in his ear,. and there would have been an outburst of cachin nation which would have levelled every one-of tho?calcied twisted walls. A tremor was produced among the Chief Secretary's attendants when a glimpse was caught of a white waistcoat cross ingthe end of Flinders lane, but his attention was diverted, and the danger passed. It -is arranged that if Mr Peacock goes near the buildings again Messrs J. A. Isaacs, "Ben" Tucker, and E. D. Williams will accompany him. None of these have ever been known to smile, and -you could not even make them smile if-you 'hitthem lha ?homnahawk.-- -In eisi oiu pu Mr Peacock will feel no temptation, to lauCh. Unless I am personally interested, or likely to be of use, I never' go to a fire. =I consider that each man-and still more each woman-who adds her self or himself as an item to the crowd of gaping gazers hampers the work of the firemen, increases the risk of general danger, and becomes a nuisance to the police. Still, "natur" as Mr Wackford Squeers remarks, is a " rum no," and the manner in which people crowd to see a fire is only an other proof of its rumminess. It has been my misfortune more than once to see the set white look on a friend's face as his little home wasii urined to ehe ground before his eye, ahd I have felt then like an intruder on a private sorrow. Men write glibly about the " magnificent coup d'eil," "bird's' eye view," etc., and others, who probably scarcely know a nut- from a nozzle, criticise the action of the firemen. But, to my mind, whenever I have been to a fire the chief magnificence has been the heroic efforts on the part of the fire lighters to do battle with the raging element. The rest of the -picture is all sad colored with a dark background of ruined business and men and women thrown out of employment. No, when ever I hear the cry of "Fire" and see rushing crowds I generally walk in another direction. I find that the Norwegian law, which some people are so fond of praising, prohibits a person from spend ing more than two-pence half-penny during one visit to a public house. At first sight this appears rather a small order, but I am told by experienced travellers that two-pence half-penny will in Norway, stretch to a fair liquid distance. It will get you rather more than half-a- pint of beer even in sunny Victoria, and they do say that in some of the vine- growing districts you can start a moderate carouse on it. Besides" the term " visit" is a very elastic one. A hardy Norseman can sail in early with his " tuppence ha'penny," say, at 6 a.m. and go home again. He can pay another visit at 9 a.m. and expend the same gigantic sum, and so on up to midnight, till his "visiting"!may assume the shape of the well-known figure in the "Lancers." In the in terests of temperance, of which I am a warm advocate, Pshould like-to- know more of this Norwegian '"visiting"-to the extent of "' tuppence ha'penny.: -_ 