THE MERCURY. BQBAItT: MONDAY, JULY 19, W7. * EPITOME OF NEWS. Tasmanian Reform League meets this evening. Anti-income tax agitation has spread to Zeehan. Child named Tremavno somowhat severely burnt at Plenty on Saturday. Tondors for supply of uniforms for Govern- ment officers close to-day at noon. Richard Mitchell was the only witness oxamined in the Anchor mine case on Satur- day. Mr. H. J. Dean, chairman of the Launces- ton Stock Exchange, died on Saturday, aged 48. Tenders for conveyance of mails are in- vited by the Postmaster-General. Details this day advertised. BrougKOomedy Company at Theatre Royal this evening. Doors, 7.15; curtain at 8. Carriages, 103?. . " ."."". Mreting of Executive Committee of Hobart and West Coast Railway League at Chamber of Commerce this evening. ' Lecturette to-morr^,,, mh\tg ty ftr , Binni« an Wes^ c^ 0| TJ,mi,*nU it Memorial-hall. | Philharmcn*t Society's first subscription concert to-morrow evening. Rehearsal this afternoon. Half-yearly general meeting of Perpetual Trustees, .Executors & Agency Co. of Tas- mania on the 27th inst, ' Young man named Cornelias narrowly escaped perishing in the snow between Dundas and Mount Read Statutory notice given by Mr. H. F. Bourne that the United Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Co. proposes to continue carrying on business in Tasmania. Public meeting at the Town-hall this after- noon, to receive report of Committee of Queen's Jubilee Fund. The Governor will preside. Victorians won Kolapnre Cup at Bisley. Rev. Stonewing Bishop elect of New Guinea. Education CongreBS now proceeding in London. International Library Conference is now being held in London. New York Times condemns Secretary Sher rapii for insulting Great Britain. Princo of Wales' colt Persimmon has won the Sandown 10,O003ov. Eclipse Stakes. The Porte accepts torms of peace with Greece as laid down by tho Powers. House of Lords have rejected Welsh educa- tion scheme. Tho Queen has addressed a grateful letter to her people. M. Andree has started on his balloon trip to the North Pole. Colonial marksmen winning unstinted praise for their prowess at Bisley. German press closely watching colonial Premiers' speeches, regard a« romote any federation of Great Britain and her colonies. Percy Cavill has won the uve miles amateur swimming championship, putting np a record of 06min. Sösec. Groat rejoicings among colonial aarktraeo in England over sucosas« at Biala?. Odoam btjuaafd by Mr. Jiramn Heavy weither on West Australian coast, Steamer Crnvdon, bound for Fremantle, has put back to Perth waterlogged. It is considored unlikely that West Aus- tralian delégaos will bo able to attend the Federation Convention at Sydnoy. Parliamentary business interfering. MR. REID, the Preraior of JS'ew ¡south Wales, seems to have been playing the part of the candid friend at those exaggerated ovations to the colonial Premiers in London. Whilst the others appear to have been content to let pass many things in which they could not believe, he has been bold enough to point out the difficulties in the way of a complete union of the Empire. His motto is, apparently, quieta non moveré. He thinks that things are very well as they are, so that it is dangerous to try innovations, the precise effect of which no man can tell. Moreover, ho has been bold< enough to say that those who propose a change should propound a.plan, and in saying this he may be admitted to have scored a point in the debate, or rather in the speaking which took everything for granted. The fal- lacy that underlies Mr. REIB'S ap- parently common-sense view of the position is, the assumption that the relations of the colonies, and the Mother-Country can remain per- manently as they are. This is, how- ever, jKPcisely what most observers gee to bo" impossible, and hence the discussion as p] whether they cannot be placed on a moro Uîeftil i»n-d a per- manent footing. Mr. REID, like many other colonial Premiers, is the creature of to- day. He ÍB satisfied to get along for the time being, and does not want to ¿be troubled with problems of the future. But, though it may be admitted that he has done well in pointing out that it will be unwise to move prematurely, no one can fail to see that this problem of some kind of Imperial Unity must be faced, and must be solved within the next twenty years at the. furthest. At present it may be let alone to a considerable extent, because the Mother-Country is content to goon making up deficiencies, but nothing can be more evident than the fact that this is, and must be, merely a temporary state of affairs. We may see this if we only consider the subject of defence, which may any day become one of the very greatest urgency. This subject is at present in a ftate of what we may call chaos, it is unorganised, it is based on no principle, while no one can say what the colonies would do or be able to do in the event of the Mother Country getting involved in a con- siderable war. Moreover, the fact is becoming quite clear that the Mother ' Country will not be content very much longer to bear practically the whole burden of defence, when she has to look after colonies that boast of their wealth, and which are fast increasing in population. Indeed, the colonies themselves, as they increase in wealth andt power, will hardly expect to escape their fair share of the expense of securing the common safety, supposing that they still desire to keep themselves apart of the Empire. This subject is not, no doubt, yet in a condition for per- manent settlement, but the necessity of such a settlement will appear more 'urgent year by year, while nothing .can be plainer than that the sooner 'the whole subject is fully considered 'the better will it be for the Empire. Apart from this question, which may be said to be an urgent one, there is the still more important one of the trade of the Empire, which is, clearly undergoing some very import- ant changes. Foreign nations all over the world haye shown a degree of selfishness which is significant a9 to ths future, and which is likely to finally necessitate some kind of retaliatory action on the part of Great Britain. The interests of the colonies in trade, matters are practically centred Ita the Mother-Country, fat Mfcslde of her there is very little of. Value. Now, as they ara ¡rçefon* ,with »n their might É0¡ Tl&i;%aVö their trade with Great Britain, it must be worth their while to cultivate relations with her which will give them an advantage over com- petitors from other countries. But, if they expect to get they must be pre- pared to give. If they ask the Mother Country what she is going to do for them, she is sure to ask in return what they are going to do for her. Thus, it seems that questions of reciprocity must arise, and thai, things cannot be left as they are. This appears to be the answer to Mr, REID. He says let well alone, but the truth is that the existing state of affairs cannot be let alone, as it is not a permanent one. Therefore, it seems to be desirable that the whole question of the relations of the colonies to the Mother-Country should be discussed, not in the hope of any immediate arrangement, but as something that will have to be dealt with sooner or later, and probably at no very distant date. . Beyond all this lies the further pro- blem of some sort of legislative union of the Empire. ADAM SMITH specu- lated on this subject more than a century ago, and he saw that it would be necessary to constitute an Imperial Parliament, quite distinct from the British Parliament. This is, undoubtedly, the ultimate develop- ment, if we MBume the union to be made, but it must bo a distant one. Representation of the colonies in the House of Lords aud the House of Commons can never bo more thai, a teifijwrary meas».fe, and we may even doubt whether it would prove to be satisfactory in any case. What seems to be required as a preliminary step at the present time is, Home sort of Council of the Empire, in which the general interests would be discussed by representatives from all parts of the Empire. Such a Council might do much to reconcile all the diverse interests, and would always be a most potent Board of Advice, as it could discuss and advise on all questions of defence, reciprocity, and mutual obligations. Though its recommendations would not be bind- ing, yet we might fairly expect that they would be of sufficient weight to prevent obstructive action on the part of any particular colony, as was once the case in Queensland in respect to the naval subsidy. We opine that these are all subjects for serious discus- sion at the present time, and that they cannot be let alone, even if it was desirable that they should be. Mr. REID seems to us, therefore, ,to have mistaken the true point, which is not that something shall be done at once, but that discussion shall go on until some action is seen to be desirable, and perhaps even urgent. THE roporfc of the Minister of Educa- tion for 1896 shows that at the close of the year the schools existing num- bered 2C8, as against 255 in 1895, and the gross enrolment of scholars 20,826, as against 19,907. . The schools number 212 full time, 32 half time, and 24 assisted. The vote for 1896 (£27,750), with supplementary'amounts making £28,927 4s. Gd. in all, was expended within 5s. 5d., but there was a balance left of votes for repairs, exhibitions, model schools, boards of advice, ad- ministration and inspection, iggregat itig£361 16s. 5d. It is claimed that the work of the schools has improved, on the whole, during 1896, but the Minister remarks : -'"When the condi-1 tions under which State-school children ' are educated and the circumstances of the children are borne in mind, expectation of reaching a lofty standard is liable to be dis- appointed." The Director of Education, in his general report for the year, shows an increase in number of schools, in average number of scholars, and in daily attendance. Gross enrolment, 20,826 (19,907) ; average numbers from month to month, 15,772 (14,594) ¡ aver ago daily attendance, 11,508 (10,655). The proportion of average attendance to average enrolment was almost stationary, viz.:-72'96 (73'01). Regis- tered private schools number 186, with a gross enrolment of 8,364 scholars, the number of schools being 14 and the number of scholars 1,291 in excess of returns for 1895. There is reason to believe that ¡a, obscure places there aro still a few private schools from which no reports are recoived. During the year 2,053 visits were made to State schools by ministers of religion for the purpose of giving religious instruction. The school fees collectpd by teachers amounted to £9,794 7s. 2d., an increase of £362 18s. 4d. The gross expenditure amounted to £34,0,92 9s. 3d, The DirestoJK milices special referenco to exhibitions frotn State schools, inci- dentally mentioning that at tho end of the first half of 189Ï expenditure under this head would cease. For the 10 years preceding 1893 the average annual amount was over £1,000. Mr. Rule does not recommend a continu- ance of the system. Ho says :-" It is a pertinent question whether any appreciable general good was produced, or could be reasonably expected to be produced, by selecting a dozen scholars annually from the primary schools and paying for their attendance at secondary schools, even if, for the sake of argument, it wore granted that their subsequent education there was all that could be desired. . . _. It is well known that in a large majority of cases the four years attendance at a superior school was of no real benefit, to many it was a positive disadvantage." He adds-" It is to be hoped that when funds are available a scheme of secondary aducation far more compre- hensive than the exhibition system will be adopted-one that will be within the reach of all scholars who may be found educated up lo a minimum standard in the State schools or else- where, and will enable such scholars to acquire not only the knowledge of history, politics, and literature that a citizen in a free country ought to have, but also such elementary knowledge of science, and such training of the eye and hand as may enable them to learn early and quickly the principles that underlie any special industrial pursuit or profession toward which they may have a natural bent, and in which they may find openings." In this (aspiration multitudes will concur, but the vista is at present obscure. THE report of the Recorder of Titles for the year 1806 shows that the De- partment, "although not primarily established as a revenue collecting one, has been the medium of the collection of £4,886 or thereabouts of re\ enue during the past year at a cost of about half that amount." The receipts under " the Real Property (Torrens) Acts" were" £2,435 Ils. 6d., and expendituie £2,517 IDs. Collections under the Stamp Duties Acts were, iii cash, ¿61.090 7s Cd, anàtlitîii'oelly.JS^Jàû IBs. Oí. The As- surance Fund) Which in December, 1Ö96, amounted to £11,456 18s. fid, has been entrenched upon to the amount of £4,878 3s. 7d. in settlement of a claim for damages arising through the regis- tration of a forged transfer of pro- perty effected t>y a solicitor and agent in Tasmania, and for which offence he is now undergoing penal servitude. The Recorder's figures show the following totals :-Appli- cations for certificates of titles and grants, 54, value £33,465. Grants registered, 337-£27,087. Transfers, 633 -£172,081. Mortgages registered,540-r £217,241. Mortgages discharged, 474 £167,413. Mortgages partially dis- charged, 52-£6,816. Mortgages trans- ferred, 62-£17,680. Leases, 37T2,500. Applications on death of registered proprietor, 75-£35,075. THE Central Hospital reports fór'l8!X¡, Hobart and Launceston, have 'been, issued, and the following'are the salient points:-At the Hobart Hospital 1,293 patients were admitted, 'of vvwho'm 111 died, 35 of them within 72 h8ürs.' after admission. At Launceston 78Ö patients were admitted, of whom 83 died. At Hobart the net average cost per patient was £3 18s. 9id. The gross cost of the hospital was"£728 below the average expenditure of the past 16 years, and the Board of Managotnenb is in the pleasant position of being able to hand back to the Government £104 14s. 6d., unexpended balance of the grant-in aid. The net expenditure for the year shows a decrease of £72 13s. 8d. a most satisfactory condition of affairs, in viow of the large increase in number of cases treated. The total attendances on out-patients numbered 5,796 as com- pared with 5,054, in 1895, dispensary patients 661 aB compared with 634, and in- patients 1,293 as compared with 1,188. The Launceston return shows 850 in patients treated, as compared with 852 in the previous year, 1,178 out- patients u compared with 1,084, the average net ooft .per occupied bed £64.Sa. 6d. M compared with £65 13s. 9d._ It is evident that both institutions are managed on the closest lines of economy consistent with efficiency in service and duo care of the patients. Tho Contagious Diseases Hos- pitals are also reported on. At tho ond_ of tile year there were only two patients in the Hobnrt Hospital, out of 26 who had entered. In Launceston there were live out of 25. The cost of the Hobart Hospital is not given, but that of Launceston is set down at £1G6 17s. 3d., an average of £30 6-s. 8d. per head. The decennial return of ex- penditure for out-door relief shows a steady decrease from £4,271 3s. 4d. in 1887, to £2,959 11s. 7d. This has been effected by economical administration, and reduced cost of food, clothing, and other necessaries. To "MEWJimY" SDIISCRIBKBS. - Sub Borilnrs to The Mercury aro reminded of the duo date forrrooiving advanoo subscriptions, viz., Wndnesday, the 21st inst., altor which dite subscribers will bo charged the credit rate. TUB LATE MR. FODV.-Amongst the many telegrams of condolence forwarded to the family of the late Mr. G. M. Eddy, Chief Commissioner of Ruilways in Mew bouth Wales, was one from the Tasmanian Govern- ment Railway Department. A letter has been received from Mrs. Eddy by theGoneral Manager.exprcssing her deep appréciation of " the vory kind words of sympathy ex- pressed by Mr. Hack and the officers of the Tasmanian Railways," for whioh heartfelt thanks aro oonveytd. DERWENT DISASTER FOND -The Mayor and Mr. B. Mulcahy, M.H.A., the trustees of this fund, met on Saturday, and with them some other members of the committee. It was found that after piyment of £28 to the widows of the men drowned at Pen- sioners' Bay, and the various small ex- penses incurred, there waa a balance of £102 lCs. 8d. available for distribution amongst tho families of tho three mun drowned lathe Derwent, Following out the scheme of proportionate divition approved by the general committee it was deoiilod to apportion themonoy as follows:-Mrs. Hooper to reoeive £30, Mrs. Hall £40, and Mrs. Belbin £92 ICJ. gd,; the lattor receiving so much more than the others for the reaBon that she had five children to support, whilst Mrs. Hall bad but two, and Mrs. Hooper ono only. The recent newspaper correspondence was referred to by members of the com- mittee, and Borne strong comments were made on the action of Mrs. Bolbin, whose interests had been specially cared for by tho Mayor and Mr. Mulcahy, tho latter of whom had Beoured for her the largo proportion of tho turn collected whioh she ¡B to receive It was deoided that Mrs. Hall and Mrs. Hooper should receive their amonnts in full at once, whilo in the oase of Mrs. Belbin it was thought wiser to bank the amount, and allow her to draw the Bum of 10s. per week. The committee desiro it to be known in connec- tion with this decision that Mrs. Belbin has already received in publicly subscribed money two sums of £54 and £15 respectively, the former being eolleoted by Mr. Blund stone and his employees, and the latter by the members of the Artillery Corps. The ohairman stated it was with extreme regret he notioed that a mott undeserving attack had been made in the prcBs upon a section of the oommitteo for the wuy the funds had been distributed. The fullest con- sideration had been given to the different t claimants, and what had been done was the ' unanimous act of tho whole. It was vory unfortunate that the usual conn? adopted by tho. crew before taking ix.qmrU statements us gospel was not followed in this particular instance, and thus have saved tho necssrity of showing how unjustifiable this wholesale condemnation was, It must bo borne in mind that the responsibility rested with the committee that a just and equitable distribution of the funds collected Bhould take placo, and likewise that every precaution should be taken that the recipients should not be allowed to make ducks and drakes of tho amounts placed at tho disposal of tho committee to distribute The only récipient who com- plained was not in a fit condition to bavo the wholo of the amount donated to her handed j over at the present time, and, as. «ho bad ' been most liberally dealt With bj* other donors, it was thought best in the interest of her ohildren, that Until she was able to undertake some business to enable her to provide for her family a weekly allow- ance should be made to her. (In re- ference to His Worship's remarks ri action of the press, it is but fair to state 'that The Mercury only followed the usual oourso in admitting; letters in the open' column, from Mrs. Belbin and from Sir. Mulcahy, without making any comment thereon.) FERN TREE BOWER.–With the consent and under the direction of Mr. Milles, City Surveyor, some of the builders of the much admired Grasstree hut, on the Cas- cades rivulet, are beautifying the valley between the shelter shed at the Fern Tree Bower and the silver falls, at the sugges- tion of the Tourists' Association. They have planted out a number of ferns on either side of the falls, greatly adding to the beauty of the place. They have done their work so successfully and in such a natural and picturesque manner, that the visitor would little think that the ferns had not grown there from the beginning. They are now commencing similar opera- tions at the entrance to the valley, and if they beautify that in the same style it will be doing good work which all the citizens and tourists who visit this romantic part of the suburbs will recognise. There are engaged in this good work :–Messrs. H. Buchanan, J. W. Foster, W. Evans, A. Scott, and – Buchanan. It is to be hoped that others who are experts in rustic hut building and similar work will join them. HOIST WITH HIS OWN PETARD.- A correspondent writes :-" I see that the Launceston Examiner has published a car- toon in which it makes out that Launceston is only the entrepôt for tho South, whioh is truo.but an admission which I did not expect. It calla floburt the sewer of the colony, which is truo also, so far as a strong flow of literary filth from the North is concerned." A HANDSOME RIFLE CLUB TRoniv. There is on exhibition at the shop of Mr. &. Butterfield, optician and jeweller, Elizabeth street, a haudaome trophy presented to the Hobart Garrison Rifle Club by Mr. H. T. Gould, chemist, on bohalf of the Platypus and Eucalyptus Oil Co., for competition among the memhera of the club. The trophy oonsists of|a ¡arpo ice pitcher of the water jug shape, made of the best American plate, tbo insido lieiDg inlaid with enamel, and atands fully 18in, high, It ¡B ohastely ornamented with fringes of vino leaveB and ftuit in relievo, and engraved with a picture of the platypus in his native haunts among the sedges, Also with a soroll *tp,blet on whioh to record the barnet of the W>4n6rs of tho trophy« and the dates, it having to bo won tlifeo times by the same person beforo it can be permanently re- tained. The whole of the ornamentation, including the picture, is the work of Mr. Butterfield, atad alfords another proof of his abilities in art metal Werk, In the same shop are on view the monogram badges, made of sterling silver by Mr. Butterfield, for the Anglers Association, he having been the successful competitor in the open oom petlon for the beat design. PKÍBON HoMitte.-On Saturday the Argyle Homing Society flew a match from Brighton, in tv'hltíh seven birds competed, The remit wait; 'as follows :-Mr. T. Lane's Young Bluelight, 16min. Usée., 1 ; Mr. R. Turner's Kxpress, 17min. 55iec, 2 ; Mr. W. Richardson's Mystery, 19min. SOiec, 3. The sùtlbnmaster at Brighton (Mr. 8. P. Wolfcóunh). as usual, liberated the birds rrancXuidly to time. The match arranged by tue Jubilee (South Hobart) Society from Campania fell through owing to the birds liaviep bt-cn wrongly liberated, although proper inatruotions were sent with thom, 'the match will be flown off next Saturday, when the Society will send,a man, to the station to lot tbn pigeons go at their proper timps. _ IbKiTTLKS -On Saturday evening, at Gard'« Uotnl, Sorell, a very enjoyable game uf pkittles was playsd between teams representing the Cambridge and Sorell districts. > A great deal of interest was taken in the mutch in both districts, conspquently there wns a largo attendance. Mr. 8. Ward naptainpd tho Sorell team, Mr. Chapman filling a similar position for Cambridge, and after a mxrry " go " the result proved a win for Sorell by 5 horses to I. The matoh wus condnctiH in excellent spirit throughout, and the wholo of the proceedings refleoted credit on organisers and audience alike. At the conclusion of the game the teams sat down to a sumptuous dinner, preparod in Hostess and the Missel Gird's very best style. Crtir.nr.AiNH are painful and annoying;. Goutn'H PKHNPJR is a spocHlc which will cure and prevent chilblains, is. per bottle ; posted. Is. 2d, For Ghapped Hands, Lips, etc., AMANDINS TABLETS, a dolla-htful preparation in convenient form, for application to chapped hands, lips, and craoktng of the skin through the cold wenther. Is. nar box ; potted. Is. Id. Preparad oaly or H. T. GOULD * Co.. ja, KhMwth-atrMs, Hobart. F. a Browse ft OK ¿".J»*«" ACMtB, t. A. Brrlk« *«? OftAXGK DHMONBTRATIOW.-Tho Orango, mon of Hobart and district colebratod the 12th of July-Battle of Boyne-by a sooial in the Xemporance-hall on Wednesday evening, 14th ¡nat., und by holding Divine sot vice yesterday afternoon in the Primitive Methodist Church, Collini-strect. Kio congregation was large, the brethren woar ing thnir rcgnlia. Tho preacher on tho ocension, tho Rev. Ü. 15. Barber, K.L.S., took for his text Jeremiah, ix,, 3, " Valiant for tho truth," and said " tho truth" is tho incorruptible word of God as recorded ia tho Holy Scriptures, supornaturally com- municated to man by tho inspiration of the Holy Ghost. This Divina rovalation is intuí ible, complete and final. The Illblc, as interpreted by tho judgment and conscience of the individual believer, is the only found- ation of faith and oonduot. "Valiant for tho truth" required that mon earnestly adharo to and courageously defend its doo- j trines and principles, Tho man who oom promiecB truth was ncoward ; tho man who liotrays tho truth for monetary or business considerations a Judas; the man who for- sakes truth for popularity or famo a 1'ilato. To bo " valiant for tho truth " involved also that mon conform to tho principles wliioh it enforces, and to withstand and resist all opposing errors, Tho ' noble ' army of martyrs and tho universal monuments of tho Reformation all summon mon to bo " valiant for the truth." Tho preservation of liberties and tho free and unfettered enjoyments of our rights challengo us to bo "valiant for the truth." CITV POLICE COUKT.-There were no OMOB for disposal at tho City Polioo Court on Saturday. ConotfiAr, INQDIKT. - At the Hobart Goncrnl Hospital on Saturday aftornoou the City Coroner (Mr. A. Riddoch), and a jury of coven, of whom Mr. A. J. Cox was lore man, held an inquiry into the cause of death of a ohild mimed John Nicholson, aged 5 months. The mother of deceased said tho child had always been dolioate. She retired to rest ut 10.45 p.m. on Friday »Uli tho ohild, and on awaking at about 4.30 a.m. found it dead. Dr. G.Sprott doposed that ho had mide a post mortem examination, and was of opinion thut doatli was duo to suffo- cation, probably caused by being overlaid, or suffocated hy bed clothing. The jury returned a verdict that doatn was due to suffocation, caused accidentally, and not otherwise. FIRE IN GOULBURN-STREET.—On Satur- day morning, about 4.20 o'clock, the Bathurst-Street firebell was sounded, there being a conflagration in Upper Goulburn street. The Fire Brigade, under Superin- tendent Maher, on arrival found two one storey weatherboard cottages, Nos. 155 and 157, in flames, and before the fire was under control the buildings were gutted. They were owned by a carpenter named Martin Flannagan. One was in the occupation of James Brown, and the other was un tenanted. Neither building was insured. It is not known how the fire originated. STIÎBKT ACCIDENT.-P.C. Ward reports that at 11.40 a.m. ou Saturday a horse, harucisod to a ohaise oarfc' owned by Mr, Charles Brain, and driven by Thomas Brown, bolted from tho top of Warwick-street to | Murray-street, where tho vebiole was brought iu contact with a telegraph post, Bmashing it (the vehicle). The driver was not in the cart when tho horse bolted, but ho made an ini'ff'-ctual attempt to stay its progress, and was-dragged about 30yds. Ha escapod unhurt, as did also tho hone. BRISTOL'S KDDOATKD HOUSES.-All who attended at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday to witness the final performance in Hobtrt . of tho wonderful troupe of educated horses ' under tho direction of Professor Bristol wero uoanimouB in praise, of what really is the most wonderful exhibition of the kind ever iutroduced to a Hobart audience. Tho intelligence of eaol) animal shown is beyond credence, oxcept by those who have witnessed their feats. It is aptly described aB the greatest show of the kind on tho fuco of the earth. The opening performance in Launceston is announced for Tuesday evening. AVOCA.-A public meeting in connection with the British and Foreign Biblo Society was hold in Foster'n-hall, Avoca, pu Thurs- day evening, July 15. lhere was ft very good attendance. The Rov. W. M. Hur burgh (Churoh of England) occupied the chair, and introduced the Rev. W, H. Bowe( who Rave u. lecture on "The Book and its Story," which was listened to by all present with the greatest attention and pleasuro. A collection was muda in aid of tho funds of tho Bociety, which was liberally responded to, and arrangements Were made for collect- ing subscriptions. Odd moat made simply a treat. How? By adding to it WOOD'S TOMATO BAUOK. HAMILTON.-A correspondent writes on the 17th iuBt.-" Dr. Biohard Jones, who has boon praotiBing in this diBtriot for tho past few years, leaves hero to- day «t rovU for Molbouruo, whero ho has obtained an appointment, and taken up a practico. We understand that a gentleman will shortly take up Dr. Jones' practice hero." The Queen's Jubilee is past and gone GUNHLHR'S BAKING POWDER still soils on. Soour BKIDUKWATEU KOAD TKUHT.-The oleotion of a member of the South Bridge- water Road Trust, in succession to Mr. H, ISaycr, who recently resigned, takes place to-day, from 12 to 2 o'olook. There aro two candidates for tho Beat, MeBSrs. Hugbos i and Charles llayoer. How can wo avoid this heavy pastry ? Why, by using WOOD'S AUS. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. PDM.IO WORKS.-lho following tende» have been accepted :-Road, Gunn's Plains road (Kivor route), ooutraot 4, W. Butler, £287 16s. 3d. State sohool, Gladstone, erection, Carter and Taylor, £228 10s, 3d., which includes £5 for extra work if re- quired. ELEMIANT BRAND COPJ-'EK ESSENCE is both appetising and invigorating. COLONIAL PREMIERS.-A word of warning seems necessary to thoso who are organising wclcomoe to tho colonial Premiers, says the Saturday Review oi Juno C. It ia important that tho compliments paid them should not be ovordonc. We should not risk disgusting our visitors with fulsome flattery on the ono hand or giving them an exaggerated notion of their own importance on the othor. They are, on the whole, men of grit, and properly utilised thoir visit will bo of immense utili y to the future of tho Empire. Royal carriages, royal sorvants, and royal recoptions aro unaccustomed luxuries, and already wo have heard moro than one sentiment of enthu- siastic regard for the Queen which would hardly have fallen from the same Ups in the same terms a year ago. Tho warning appears to havo fallen on deadened ears. A GOOD BICYCLE STORY.-The following story is going tho rounds in Kngland : -A lady used to keep her bicyclo in a oellar, slung from tho ceiling by ropes. One night a mouse ran down the ropos on an exploring expedition, and preaoutly landed on tho front wheel. His weight caused it to revolve, and. the harder he strove to gjamber up to tbo top of the whesl, the faster it went round. Xn the morning, when a servant entered the cellar, a gaunt, grey animal, with haggard eyes and despair en- graved on ovcry feature, was found still making strenuous efforts to attain its object. The wheel was still spinning, and tbecyclo meter marked 28 miles. I SPECTACLED CHILDREN.-An English paper remarks :-" No one can have failed to observe that of late years there has been a vast increase in the number of children who wear spectacles. In no matter what Îiart of the country one may be, whether n London or in the provinces, children are to be met with suffering from eye complaints of one sort or another. There is no doubt whatever of the cause of this sad state of things. What ia raining the children's eyes is the inoreased pressure of book work which the craze for examinations has put upon them. Nowadays, if a boy is to gain a junior scholarship he must begin cramming at a very early age unices he is a lad of surpass- ing quickness ; and even then he wants some book- learning, or he will not be able to answer the questions. The same thing goes on all through life; there are always exami- nations ahead until the children's eyes are ruined, and then the mischief is irreparable. And what with high schools and degree certificates the girls are as badly off as the boys. If we are not to become a speotaolrd nation too much poring over books must be absolutely forbidden in the caBe of yonng children. STOCK-TAKING BOOT SALE.-Great success of J. N. FOOL'S Stock-taking Boot Salo which is now going on. Any amount of different lines at Isss than half-price. A special line of ladies' American shoos reduced from 10/6 to t)/6. Como and Inspect our windows. Sale eoine on at POOL'S Boot Palaco, Mather's uildingB, Livorpool-stroet. 