THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, Author of 'Tho Manxman,' ' The Deemster, ' 'Tho Scapegoat,' 'The Last Confession,' ' The Bondsman,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. J To tbe Reader or 'Tub Cubistian.'— In making » picture of what. I take to be the great intellectual movement of our time in England and in America— the movement towards Christian Socialism— I have been irresistibly drawn from the general study of types to the particular Btudy of individual persons, living; ani dead ; and following good precedent, I have freely used the sayings and doings and in some instances the letters of recognisable people. It is inevitable, and perhaps desirable, Uiattbis should be observed ; but list there should be any tendency to draw tho natural inference that individual portraits arc intended, I taks the opportunity of saying that I dare not claim any authority, exoept that of the irre sponsible etory 'teller, and the scenes described in this Etory are not always to be identified with the localities wherein I have placed them. — Hall Caixe. THIRD BOOK. The Devil's Acre. Chaptke XL On the day of the drawing-room meeting a large company gathered in tho hall at Belgrave-square. Mercy Mackray, now Lady Robert Ure, back from the honeymoon, re ceived the guests for her mother, whose weak heart and a lwadache kept her upstairs. Her husband stood aside, chewing tbe end of his mpuBtache and looking through his eyeglass. with a gleam of amused interest in his glitter ing eye. There were many ladies, all fashion ably dressed, and one of them wore a seagull's wing in her hat, with part of the root left visible painted red, to show thab it had been torn out of the living bird. The men wore .nearly all clergymen, and the out of their cloth and the fashions of their ties indicated the various Complexions of' their, creeds.^ They glanoed at each other with looks of embarrass ment, and Mb. Calender, who came in like a. .'?? ' '??-??? ?-?''\\--'-A-.-::.:-l^'-Y^-::'y^--i~y'i . .,???-?? JT- ?'? -if breeze off a Scottish moor, said audibly t Bat V: she had,, never seen 'somany crows on :oni» . C tree before.' Tho archdeacon was there with ':.'. .'?, bis head up, talking loudly to Lady Robert. She stood motionless in her place, never turn- ;: ing her eye towards John Storm, ? though it waa ?- plain that was Was looking at him constantly. ??.: ' * More than once he caught, an expression oi *J; pain in her face, aud felt pity for her, as one ? of the. brides who had acted tlieiie of marrying ?'? without love. But his Bpirits were high ; ha ? - welcomed everybody, and evon bantered Mrs. Callender when she told him she ' objected to ? the halo thing,' and said, 'Weel, weel; bida ye a wee.' : The archdeacon gave the signal, and led the way with Lady Robert to the drawing-room, where Mrs. Mackray, redolent ? of perfume, was reclining on a sofa with the 'lady poodle' by her side. As so jn as the company were seated the archdeacon roso and cowlied^ loudly. 'Ladies and gentlemen,' ho said, 'we have no assurance of a blessing, except ' Ask ? and ye shall-receive.' Therefore, befiii we go further it is our duty as brethren of a 'jnimon family ili Christ to ask the blessing of Almighty God on this enterprise.' There was a subdued rustle of drooping hata and bonnets, when suddenly a thin voice was ^ heard to say, 'Mr. Archdeacon, may I en quire first who is to ask the blessing f ' 'I thought of doing so myself,' said the archdeacon, with a lofty smile. ' Iu that case, as a Unitarian, I must ob ject to an invocation in which I do not be lieve.' . ... ' Well, if tho name of our Lord is a stum bling-block to our Unitarian brother, no doubt the prayer in ttiis instauce would be accep table without the customary Christian benedic tion.' 'That's just like you,' said a large man near the door with whiakora all round his face. 'You've been trimming and compro mising all your life, aud now y-ou- are going to trim away the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.' 'If our Low Church brother thinks he can do batter I shall be happy to resign the duty in ' ~ his favor, ' said the archdeacon. ,!; 'But, sir,' said another voice, ' I object to ' both of you. Being a Catholic prie3t, and, therefore, the only clergyman present whose ordination is valid, I decline to sit here and be superseded in the sacred xilfice by any lay man.' - There was a half- suppressed titter from the wall at the back, where Lord Robert lire was standing with his face screwed up to his eye glass. But the Unitarian had risen again.' 'May I,' he said, sauvely, 'as the first causa of this unhappy difference, pour oil on the troubled waters ? I propose that tho venerable archdeacon be requested to repeat the Lord's ' prayer. I think that will be unobjectionable to the representatives of all Christian denomi nations.' A murmur of relief was passing over tho company when a; bushy-bearded man rose and said 'As an agnostic I must object to the Lord's prayer, the very, first clause of it being beyond all posbibility of human know ledge.' Then there was blank dismay aud Lord Robert's face seemed to be cracking under his moustache from ear to ear. John Storm had looked icy cold, though the twitching of his lower lip showed that he was red hot within. 'Ladies and gentlemen,' ha said, in a quavering voice, '1 apologise for bringing you together. I thought if we wero in earnest about the union of Christendom we might at least unite in tho real contest with evil. But I find it is a dreain. We have only been trifling with ourselves, and there is nod ono of us who wants the union of Christendom except on the condition that his rod shall be like Aaron's rod, which swallowed up all the rest. It was a mistake, and I beg your pardon.' ''Yes, sir,' said the archdeacon, 'it was a mistake, and if you had taken my advice from tho first and asked the blessing of God through good high Churchmen alone ? ' 'God doesn't wait for any asking,' said John, now flushing up to tho eyes. 'Hegives - freely to High Churchmen and Low Church men and no Churchmen alike.' 'If that is your opinion, sir, your are no better than your friend tho agnostic there, and for my part I will never darken your door' again.' 'Darken is a good word for it, arch doacon,' said John, and with that the com pany broke up. Mrs. Mackray looked like a thundercloud . as John bowed to her on passing out, but Mrs. Callender cried in a jubilant voice, 'Be cap tain of your own ship, laddie,' and added (being two yards behind the archdeacon's broad back going down .the staira),.'If that '_ 'deacon man is to be an inheritor of the icing-. '' dom of heaven there be a michty crush at the pearly gates, I'm thinking.' John Storm went back to Soho with a heavy heart. Going up Victoria-street he passed a crowd of ragged people who were ploughing their way through the carriages. Two police men were taking a man and a woman to the Police Court in Rochester Row. The prisoners were Sharkey, the keeper of the gambling house, and his wife, the baby fanner. ^ ? But within a week John Storm, in greater spirits than ever, was writing to Glory again : — 'The archdeacon had deserted me, but no matter. My uncle has advauced me another thousand of my mother's money, so the crusado is self supporting in one sense at all events. You would be amused to seo how the women of the West-End are taking it up— Lady Robert Ure among the rest. They have banded them selves into a sisterhood, and christened out ? clergy house a 'Settlement.' One of my Greek owners came in the other evening to see the alterations. His eyes glistened at the change, and he asked lea-ve to bring a friend. I trust you arc well and settling things comfortably, and that Miss Macquarrie has cone. It is raining through a colander hero, but I have no time to think of depressing weather. Sometimes when I cross our great squares, where tho birds sing among the yellowing leaves, my mind goes off to your sweet home in the sunshine ; and when I drop into the ** dark alleys and lanes whero tho pale-faced children play in their poverty and rags, I ' . ' 1: think of a day that is coming, and, God will ing, is nowtso near, when a ministering angel of tenderness and strength will be passing through them like a gleam, But I am more ' than ever sure that you do well to avoid for the present the pompous joys of life in London, where for one happy being thero are a thousand pretenders to happi- ?'-?-?« ness.' r. '? ? ?? !';\;^#t|i On the Sunday night following OrpqkJaw ?? lU;\lfe: outside the clergy house was almosfc.blookiearv^\ij;Si with noisy people of both sexos. \ '-^Thejr'iWeVa.&rf.;'^ill a detachment of the 'Skeletons,' tindvrtfie.'ir '° '' talk among them was of the. trial of the . .' Sharkoys, which had taken place the: day - before. ' They've 'ed Bix inenths,' said one i . -:;' 'and it's all along p' minjee parsons,' said ;-j..'? another; and Charlie Wilkes, who hada'cer- ', ;^- tain reputation for humor, did a step dance and- ^v sang some doggerel beginning 'Father Stofni% ;? ,;3- is a wery good man, 'o does you all the 'arm e; ? ] . -^ ?can.' ' ' ?? ' '.?,?? ,??.? ?.????'?' ;«? Through this crowd two -gentlemen pushed ,;-??- their way to the olergy house, which was. bnj-' ; 7; liantly lit ftp. One of them .was 'the Greek; ,/ owner,' tbe other was Lord Itobert Ure. .p'- ?,?? - teringaUrgeroombn the ground floor -they -^ ,..? , first came upon John Storm, in oassook and - ,;-.;; biaretta, standing *t the door and shaking;. ?;.;. , hands with every body whd-oaniojri and went- .:^; :? but.^ ; He' ^etraved '. no surprise, but greeted - . V; -them xoBpootfufly .and. then passed 4hejn $$.,_ -- '%: ??£ ??? *-— - — ^— : ? —** — ; :x r. ? .. — .. Efvery moment of his time was occupied. The ioom was full of the young girls of the district, with here and there a Bister outot another world entirely. Some were reading, some conversing Borne lauprhing. some piay«?gr a piano, and some singing. Their voices filled theair like the chirping of birds, and their faces were bright and happy. . 'Good evening, father,' they said on entering, and Good night father,' as they went away. The two men stood some minutes and looked round at the room. It was. observed that Lord Robert did not remove his hat. He kept chew ing the end of a decrepid cigarette, whereof the other end hung down his chin. One of the sisters heard him eay, 'It will do with a little alteration Jl think.' Then he went off alone, and the Greek owner stepped up to John Storm. : It was not at first that John could attend to him, and when he was able to do so he began to rattle on about his own affairs. 'See,' he said with a delighted Bmile, and a ?wave of the arm, 'see how crowded we are. We'll have to think of taking in the next door 'Father Storm.^faud the Greek, 'I have something serious to say, though the official notification will of coursereach you by another channel.' . „ . , , John's face darkened as a ripe cornfield does when the sun dies away from it. ' I am sorry to tell you that the trustees, having had a favorable offer for this pro 1 ' Well !' ' His great staring eyes had stopped the man. ' Have decided to sell.' * ' 'Sell? Did you say Be— ...» To whom . . , What?' ' To toll you the truth, to the syndicate of a music hall.' . John staggered back, breathing audibly. ' Now, if a man had to believe that. _ . . . Do you know, if I thought such a thing could happen. . . . . , : 'I'm sorry you take the matter so seriously, Father Stcriu. It's true you've spent money on the property, but believe me, the trustees will derive no benefit. . . .' ' 'Profit? Money? Do you suppose I'm thinking of that, and not of the desecration, the outrage, the horror ? But who are they ? Is that man . . . That lord . . .' 1 The Greek had nodded his head and John, opening the door, cried, 'Out of this! Out of it, you Judas !' And almost before the Greek had crossed the threshold the door wns banged at his back. The iuoident had been observed and there was dead silence in the clubroom, but John only cried, 'Let's sing something, girls,1' and when the sister struck up his favorite, Nazareth, there was no voice 60 loud as his Voice. ! But he had realised everything. Gloria was coming back and the work of months was over thrown. i When he was going home groups of the girls were talking in whispers in the hall, and Mrs. Pincher, who was wiping her eye3 at the door, ' I wonder you don't drown yourself, I do.' I At the corner of the lane Mr. Jupe was waiting for him to beg his pardon and to ask his advice. What he had said of Mrs. Jnpe had turned out to be true. The Sharkeys Lad ' split' on her and she had been arrested. 'It was all in the evenin' pipers last night,' the week creature whimpered. ' Oh, my poor Lidjer ! What am I to do V' 'Do ? Cut her off like a rotten limb,' said John 60ornfully, and with that he strode down the street. The human sea roared around him, and he felt as if be wanted to fling himself into the midst of it and be swallowed up. Poor champion of women, thrown down and trodden on by the very woman in whose name he had worked. On reaching Victoria-square he told Mrs. Callender the news ; flung it out at her with a sort of triumphant shout. His church had been cold over his head, and being only ' Chaplain to the Greek Turks,' he was to be turned into the streets. Then he laughed wildly, and by some devilish impulse began to abuse Glory. ' The next chaplain is to be a girl,' he cried. 'One of those creatures who live by their looks and throw kisses at gaping crowds, and sweep curtsies lor their dirty crusts.' But all at once he turned white as a ghost, and sat down trembling. Mrs. Calender's face was twitching, and to prevent herself from crying she burst into scorching satire. 'There !' she said, sitting in her rocking chair, and rooking herself furiously, 'I kenn'd weel what it would come til ! Ad versity mak's a man wise, they say, if it dosena mak' him rich. But it'B the Prime Minister I blame for this. The auld dolt, he must be fallen to his dotage ! It's enough to mak' a reasonable body go out of her mind to think of sic wise asses. I told you what to expect, but you were always miscalling me for a suspicious auld woman. Oh, it's a thing y'd no suspect, but Jane Callender is only a daft auld fool, ye see, and doesna ken ?what she's saying.' But at the next moment she had jumped up and flum: her arms about John's neck, and ivas crying over him like a girl. 'Oh my eon ! My ain son ! And is it for me to fling out at ye? Aye, ayo, it's a heartleBS world, laddie.' He kissed the old woman and then she tried to coax him to eat. ''Come, come, a wee bitee, just a wee bitee. We must eat our Clipper any way.' ' God seems dead and heaven a long way off,' he murmured. 'And a drapo' whisky will do no harm — a weodrapee.' ' There's only one thing clear — God sees Pm unfit for the work, so He has taken it away from me.' , She turned aside from the table and the Bupper was left untouched. The first post next morning brought a letter . from Glory — 'The Garden House, 'Clement's Inn, W.C. 'Forgive me! I have returned to town. I couldn't help it, I couldn't I couldn't ! London dragged me back. What was I to do after everything was settled and the auutiea provided for — assist in a dame's school and wage war with pothooks and hangers? Oh, I wns dying of weariness — dying, dying, dying. I 'And then they made me such tempting offers. Not the music hall — don't think that. I daresay you were quite right there. No, but : the theatre, the regular theatre. Mr. Drake has bought some broken-down old place, and . is to turn it into a beautiful theatre expressly i for me. I am to play Juliet.' Only think, Juliet, and in your own theatre. Already I feel like a liberated slave who has crossed her ; lied Sea. ! 'And don't think a woman's mourning is like the Polonian laws, which last but three days. Ho is buried in my heart^ not in the earth, and I shall love him and revere him always. And then didn't you tell me yourself it would not be right to allow his death to stop my life? 'Write and Eay you forgive me, John. Reply by return, and make yourself your.own postman — registered. You'll find me here at Koaa'a. Come, come, come ! I'll never for give if you don't come soon— never, never ! 'Gloey.' Chapter XII. A fortnight had passed and John Storm had not yet visited Glory. Nevertheless, he bad heard of her from day to day by the medium of the newspapers.. Every morning he had glanced down the black columns fot -the name that stood out from them as if its letters had been printed in blood. The reports bod been many and mysterious. First, the brilliant young artiste who had made such an extra ordinary impression some months before had returned to London and would shortly resume the promising career which had been inter rupted by illness and family bereavement. Next, the forthcoming appearance would be on the regular stage and in a Shakespearian char acter which was always understood to be a cru cial test of histrionio genius. Then the revival of Romeo and Juliet, wbicb had formerly been in contemplation, would probably give way to the still more ambitious project of an entirely new production by a well-known Scandinavian author with a part peculiarly fitted to the personality and talents of the debutant. Finally, a syndicate was about to be formed for the purchase of some old property with a view to its reconstruction as a theatre in the interests of the new play and the new player. John Storm laughed bitterly. He told bim eelf that Glory was unworthy of the least of his thoughts. It was his duty to go on with his work and think of her no more. He had received his official notice to quit. The church was to be given up in a month, the clergy-house in two months,, and he be lieved himself to be immersed in preparations for the rehousing of the club and home. Twenty young mothers and their children now lived in the upper rooms under obedience to the sisterhood, out Folly's boy had remained with Mrs. Pincher. From time to time he had seen the little one tethered to a chair by a scarf about its waist, creeping by the wall to the door, and there gazing out on to the world with looks of intelligence, and babbling to it in various inarticulate noises. The little dark face had the eyes of its mother, but it repre sented Glory for all that Join Storm loved to see it He felt that he could never part with it, and that if Lord Robert Ure himself came and asked for it he would bundle him out of doors. 'Boo-loo! Lal-la?' Mum-urn?' As he passed up the lane he stopped at the pawnshop door and kissed the little lips as they prattled and curled, and then kissed them again as they drooped and fell, and something darkened the little existence. But a carriage drew up at Mrs. Calender's one morning, and Lady Robert Ure Btepped out. Her pale and patient face had the feeble and nervous smile of the humiliated and un loved. 'Mr. Storm,' she said in her gentle voice, 'I have come on a delicate errand. I cannot delay any longer a duty I ought to have done before.' It was about Polly's baby. She had beard of what had happened at the hospital, and the newspapers which had followed her to Paris with reports of her wedding had contained reports of the girl's death also. Since her return she had enquired about the child, and discovered that it had been rescued by him, and was now in his careful keeping. ' But it is for mo to look afterit, Mr. Storm, and I beg of you to give it up to me. Some thing tells me that God will never give me any children of my own; so I shall be doing no harm to anyone, and my husband need never know whose child it is 1 adopt. I promise you to be good to it. It shall never leave me. A nd if it should live to be a man and grow to love me that will help me to forget the past and to forgive myself for my own share in it. Ob, it is little I can do for the poor girl who is gone, for after all she loved him and I took him from her. But this is my duty, Mr. Storm, and I cannot sleep at night or rest in the day until it is begun.' ' I don't know if it is your duty, dear lady, but if you wish for the child it is your right,' said John Storm and they got into the carriage and drove to Soho. 'Boo-loo? Lal-la! Mum-urn !' The child was tethered to the chair as usual and talking to the world according to its wont. When it was gone and the women on the doorsteps could sea no more of the fine carriage of the great lady who had brought the odor of perfume and the rustle of silk into the dingy court and Mrs. Pincher had turned back to the house with red eyes and her widow's cap awry, John Storm told himself that everything was for the best. The last link with Glory was broken. Thank God for that. He might go on with his work now and need think of her no more. That day he called at Clement's Inn. The Garden House was a pleasant dwelling, fronting on two of its sides to the garden of the ancient inn of court and cosily furnished with many curtains and rugs. The cockney maid who answered the door was familiar in a moment and during the short passage from the hall to the floor above, she communicated many things. Her name was Liza ; she had heard him preach; he bad made her cry; 'Miss Gloria ' had known her former mistress and Mr. Drake had got her the present place. There was a sound of laughter from the drawing-room. It was Glory's voice. When the door opened she was standing in the middle of the floor in a black dress and with a palo face, but her eyes were bright, and she was laughing morriJy. She stopped when John Storm entered and looked confused and ashamed. Drake, who was lounging on the couch, rose and bowed to him, and Miss Macquarrie, who was correcting long slips of printer's proofs at a dpsk by the window, cams forward and welcomed him. Glory held his hand with her long hand clasp and looked steadfastly into bis eyes. His face twitched and her own blushed deeply, and then she talked in a nervous and jerky way, reproach ing him for his neglect of her. 'I have been busy,' he began, and then stopped with a sense of hypocrisy. ' I mean worried and tormented,' and then stopped again, for Drake had dropped his head. She laughed, though there was nothing to laugh at, and proposed tea, rattling along in broken sentences that were spoken with a tremulous trill which had a suggestion of tears behind it. 'Shall I ring for tea, Rosa. Oh, you havo rub? for tea ! Ah, here it comes ! Thank you, Liza ! Set it here,' seating her self. 'Now, who says the 'girl? Remem ber?' and then more laughter. At that moment there was another arrival — it was [Lord Robert Ure. He kissed Rosa's band, smiled on Glory, saluted Drake familiarly, and then settled himself on a low stool by the tea table, pulled up the knee of bis trousers, relaxed the congested muscles of one half of his face, and let fall his eyeglass. Drake was handing out the cups as Glory filled them. He was looking at her atten tively, vexed at the change in her manner since John Storm entered. When he returned to his seat on the sofa be began to twitch the ear of her pug, which lay coiled up asleep beside him, calling it an ugly little pestilence, and wondering why she carried it about with -her. Glory protested that it was an angel of a dog, thereupon he supposed it was now dreaming of paradise. Listen. And then there were audible snores in the silence, and everybody laughed, and Glory screamed. 'I declare on my honor, my dear,' said Drake,, with a mischievous look at John, 'the creature is uglier than tho beast that did the business on the day we eloped.' ' Eloped 1' cried Rosa and Lord Robert together. ' Why, did you-ever hear that Glory eloped with mo?' Glory was trying to drown his voice with hollow laughter. ' She was 7 and I was 6 J, and she had pro posed to me in -the orchard the day before.' 'Anybody have more tea? No? Some Sally Lun, perhaps?' and then more laugh ter. - - .'Sold your tongue, Glory. Nobody wants yourtea. Lot us hear the story,' said Rosa. 'Why, yes, certainly,' ^id Lord Robert, and everybody laughed again. 'She was all for'travel and triumphal pro cessions in those days ....'-. . Glory stopped her ears and began to sing, 'Willy, Willy Wilkin, kissed the maid amilkin. Fa, la, la.' ? ? 'There were so many things people could do if they wouldn't waste so much time working . . . .' 'Willy, Willy Wilkin, kissed the maid 'Glory.'if you don't be quiet we'll turn you out,' and Rosa got- up and flourished her proofs. 'I had brought my pug, and when I called hem . . . .' But Glory had leapt to her feet, and fled from the room. Drake had leapt up also, and now putting his back agaiust the door he raised his voice and went on with, his story. 'Somebody saved us, though, and she lay in his arms and kissed him all the way home again.' Glory was strumming on the door and sing ing to drown bis voice. When the story was ended, and she was allowed to. come back, she was panting and gasping with laughter, but there were tears in her eyes for all that, and Lord Robert was Baying, with a sidelong look towards John Storm, 'Really, this ought to be a scene in the new Sigurdsen, don t you know 1' John had retired within himself during this nonsense. He had been feeling an intense hatred of the twomen,and,was looking asgloomy as deep water. ' All acting, sheer acting,' he thought, and then he told himself that Glory was only worthy of his contempt. What could attract her in the society of such men ? Only their wealth, their social station. Their intellectual and moral atmosphere must weary and revolt her. Rosa had to go to her newspaper office and Drake saw her to the door. John rose at) the same time, and Glory said— 'Going already ?' but she did not try to detain him. She would see him again ; she had much to say to him. 'I suppose you were surprised to hear that I had returned to London?' she said, looking up at his knitted brows. He did not answer immediately, and Lord Robert, who was leaning against tho chimner piece, said in bis cold drawl — 'Your friend ought to be happy that you have returned to London, seems to me, my dear, instead of wasting your life in that wilderness.' John drew himself up. His pride was wounded by the light tone of the man's familiarity. 'It'B not London I object to,' he said. 'That was inevitable, I dare say.' 'What then?' 'The profession she has come back to follow.' 'Why, what's amiss with the profession? said Lord Robert, and Drake, who returned to the room at the moment, said, 'Yes, what's amiss with it ? Some o! the best men in the world have belonged to it, I thipk.' ' Te!l me the name of one of them since the world began who ever lived an active Chris tian life.' Lord Robert made a kink o! laughter, and turning to the window bepan to play a tune with his finger tips on the glass of a pane. Drake struggled to keep a Btraight face and answered, 'That is not their role, sir.' 'Very well, if that's too much to ask, tell me how many of them have done anything in real life, anything for the world, for humanity, anything whatever ; I don't care what it is.' 'You are unreasonable, sir,' said Drake, ' and such objections could as properly apply to the professions of the painter and the musi cian. These are the children of joy. Their first function is to amuse. And surely amuse ment has its place in real life, as you say.' 'On the contrary,' said John, following his own thought, for Jje had not listened; 'how many of them have lived lives of reck less abandonment, self-indulgence, aud even scandalous license ?' 'Those are abuses that apply equally to other professions, sir. Even the church is not free from them. But in the view of reasonable beings one clergyman of evil life, nay, one hundred, would not make the profession of the clergy bad.' 'A profession,' said John. ' which appeals above all to the senses, and lives on the emo tions, and fosters jealousy and vanity and backbiting, and develops duplicity and exists on lies, and does nothing to encourage self sacrifice, or to help suffering humanity is a bad profession and a sinful one.' 'If a profession is sinful,' said Drake, 'in degree as, it appeals to the senses and lives on the emotions and develops duplicity, then the profession of the church is the most sinful in the world, for it offers the greatest temptations to lying, and produces the worst hypocrites and imposters.'^ 'That,' said John, with eyes flashing and passion vibrating in bis voice, ' that, sir, is the great liar's everlasting lie— and you know it)' Glory was between them with uplifted hands. 'Peace, peace ! Blessed is the peacemaker. But tea! Will nobody take more tea? Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! Why can't we have tea over again?' 'I know what you mean, sir,' said Drake. 'You mean that I have brought Glory back to a life of danger and vauity and sloth and sensuality. Very well ! I deny your defi nition; but call it what you will, I have brought her back to the only life her talents are fit for, and if that's all. ...' 'Would you havo done the same for your own sister?' 'But how dare you introduce my sister's name in this connection ?' '?And how dare you resent it ? What's good for one woman is good for another.' Glory was turning aside and Drake was looking ashamed. 'Of course — naturally — all I meant,' he faltered, 'if a girl has to earn her living, whavever her talents, her genius — that ie one thing— but the upper classes, I mean the leisured classes ? ' 'Damn the leisured classes, Bir,' said John, and in the silence that followed the men looked round, but Glory was gone from the room. Lord Robert, who had been whistling at the window, said to Drake in a cynical undertone, 'The man is hipped and sore. He baslosthis challenge, and we ought to make allowance for him, don't you know. Drake tried to laugb. ' Pm willing tojnako allowances,' ho said lightly, 'but when a man talks to me as if— as if I meant to ? ' but the light tone broke down, and he faced round upon John and burst out passionately, ' What right have-- you to talk to me like this? What is there in my character, in my life, that justifies it? What woman's honor have I betrayed? What have I done that is un worthy of the character of an English. gentle- manr John took a stride forward and came face to face, and eye to eye with him. 'What bavo you done ?' he aaid. 'You have used a woman as your decoy to win your challenge as you say and you have struck me in the face with the hand of the woman I love. That's what you've done, Bir, and if it's worthy of the character of an English gentlemen, then God help Eng land.' Drake put bis hand to his bead, and bis flushed face turned' pale. But Lord Robert Ure stepped forward and said, with a Bmile, 'Well, and ifyou've lost your ohnrch bo much the better. You are only nn outsider in the ecclesiastical etud, anyway. Who wants you ? Your rector doesn't want you. Your bishop doesn't want you. Nobody wants you, if you ask me,' ' ' *' I don't ask you. Lord Robert,' said John, 'but there's somebody who does want me for all that. Shall I tell you who it is! It'B the poor and helpless girl who has been deceived by the base and selfish man and then left to fight the battle of life alone, orto die Ly suicide and go shuddering down to hell That's who wants me, sir, and, God willing, I mean to stand 'by her.' ' ' Dammy, air, if you mean me, let me tell you what you are,' Baid Lord Robert screwing up his eyeglass. 'You,' shaking his head right and left, ' youjaro a man who takes delicatelynur tured ladies out of sheltered homes and sends the holes and hovels in Bearch of abandoned women and their misbegotten children. Why,' turning to Drake, ' what do you think has happened ? My wife has fallen under this gentleman's influence, the poor simpleton, and not one hoar before I left my house she brought home a child which he had given her to adopt. Think of it ! Out of the shambles of Soho, and God knows whose brat and bastard 1' The words were hardly' out of the man's mouth when John Storm bad taken him by both shoulders. 'God does know,' he said, 'and bo do I. Shall I tell you whose child that is? Shall I ?' It's yours !' The man saw it coming and turned white as a ghost ' Yours, and your wife has. taken up the burden of your sin and shame, for she's a good woman, and you are not fit to live on the earth she walks upon.' He left the two men speechless and went heavily down the stairs. Glory was waiting for him at the door. Her eyes were glistening after recent tears. 'You will come no more,' she said. She could read him like a book. . ' I can see that you intend to come no mere.' He did not deny it, and after a moment she opened the door and he passed out with a look of utter weariness Then she went back to her room and flung herself on the bed, face downwards. The men in the drawing-room were begin ning to recover themselves. Lord Robert was humming a tune, Drake was pacing to and fro. 'Buying, up his church to make a theatre for Glory was the very refinement of cruelty,' said Drake. 'Good heavens, what possessed me?' ' Original sin, dear boy,' said Lord Robert with a curl of the lip. 'A bad plagiarism, you mean,' said Drake bitterly. 'Very well 1 If I helped you to do it, shall I help you to give it up ? Withdraw the prospectus and return the deposits on shares — the dear archdeacon's among the rest' Drake took up his hat and left the house. Lord Robert followed him presently. Then the drawing- room was empty, and the hollow sound of sobbing came down to it from, the bedroom above. Father Storm said prayers in church that night with a hard and absent heart A ter rible impulse of hate had taken hold of him. He hated Drake, he hated Glory, he bated himself most of all, and felt as if seven devils had taken possession of him, and he was a hypocrite and mieht fail dead at the altar. ' But what a fate the Almighty has saved me from J' he thought. Glory would have been a drag on his work for life. He must forget her. She was only worthy of his contempt Yet he could not help but remember how beau tiful she had looked in her mourning dress and with that pure pale face and its signs of suffering I Or bow charming she had Beeined to him even in the midst of all that deception ! Or how she had held him as by a speH ! Coming home he came upon a group of men in the court One of them planted himself full in front and said with an insolent swagger, 'Me and my mites thinks there's too many parsons abarb 'ere— what do you think, sir?' 'I think there are more gamblers and thieves, my lad,' he answered, and at the next instant the man had struck him in the face. He closed with the ruffian, grappled him by the throat, and flung him on his back. One moment he held him there, writhing and gasping ; then he said — 'Get up and get off, and let me see no more of you.' ' No, sir, not this time,' said a voice above his back. The crowd had melted away and a policeman stood beside them. 'I've been waiting for this one for weeks, father,' he said, and he marched the man to gaol. It was Charlie Wilkes. At the trial of Mrs. Jupe that morning, Aggie, being a witness, had been required to mention bis name. It was all in the evening papers, and he had been dismissed from his timekeeping at the foundry. (To be continued.) 