Doom of the Star Gazer. [CONTINUED.] In spite of this opinion it was very evident that the poor gentleman must have had an enemy, and when I examined the < rime in thejight of logical and analytical reasoning I felt sure the act was an act of vengeance. The criminal had nursed a sense of real or imaginary* wrong, and, watching for his opportunity, had seized upon that night as peculiarly favourable for his fiendish purpose. Therefore, I settled two points to my own satisfaction: firstly, the assassin was well acquainted with the premises and had watched the movements of the household ; secondly, he had been actuated by a desire for vengeance. • My next step in the process of trying to unravel the mystery was to determine how he had gained access to the closet. From the observatory landing a straight flight of Gtairs led down to a corridor. In the corridor was a window that looked into the grounds. A few feet beneath the outside sill of the window was a covered-in cistern, which was the stored water supply of the house At one end -of the cistern was a short permanently fixed wooden ladder, placed there for the convenience of examining the cistern, The foot of the ladder r. sted on the flat roof (also supporting the cistern) of a block of buildings which the Colonel himself had added after he purchased the property. The basemenj; of this block was a wash-house; above'thkt was a bath- room, and above that again a spare bedroom. r Now, anyone being on that part of the roof would be able easily to mjunt the short, permanent ladder I have spoken of, get on to the top of the cistern, and from thence it was a matter of extreme ease to get into the house by the corridor window. But, then, the question had to be answered, how was the root reached in the first instance ? It was 35 feet at least from the ground. A ladder of something like 40 feet in length would, therefore, have been required And for one fewn to raise a ladder of that length wbuld haVe been a physical impossibility, even supposing there had been su^h a ladder about the premises, which there was not. These things considered, it might have seemed absurd to suppose that the assassin had entered and quitted the house by means of the corridor window. In fact, when I suggested it to Chief Superintendent Melville he laughed at me and said it was impossible. But that did not affect me. I was proving, or at any rate, endeavouring to prove, that the theories I had set forth in my paper, " The Rationale of Detection," were not mere vapourings. I descended from the window sill to the cistern covering, and by carefully examining it I discovered unmistakable traces of footmarks. By means of the ladder I went down to the roof. There, again, were footmarks, and in these footmarks traces of a reddish, powdery dirt. I put some of this dirt under the microscope and found it to be the scraping of bricks, and it had been brought there by the feet rf the miscreant. The roof was covered with zinc, and was flush with the At the angle formed by the corner of the building was a strong iron drain pipe which went down to the ground, and with singular uniformity projected at least an inch from the wall, and was held in position by iron clips, there being one ot these clip's every four r five feet. Going back to the house I proceeded to the garden, stood at the foot of the iron drain pipe and came to the conclusion that by means of that pipe the assassin had mounted and descended. It was not a feat that an ordinary man could have performed; but a sailor, for instance, or an acrobat would have found no difficulty in it. Assuming this surmise of mine was right, it suggested that few crimes had been more deliberately plannel, or carried out with more coldblooded determination than this one. I was satisfied in my own mind it was something more than mere theorising on my part. I had determined the means of ingress and eg-ess used by the assassin, and had thus forced an important link in the chain of evidence. Firstly, the fatal shot had been fired by means of an air gun from the closet adjoining the obwvatory. Secondly, the person who fired the Khot had gained thf elojet by mounting up the iron pipe, thus r aching the water cistern, and from theuee the corridor window. His escape had been effected by the same m^ans. These two points placed beyond doubt another, whirfi was that the criminal was well acquainted with the premises ; and that in turn suggested that he might have been a discharged servant. M'- inquiries were next directed to discover if this was so, and I had another interview with Mi*s Hulton. To my questions she said lliat lier father had not discharged any man servant to her knowledge. The Starkies, man and wife, hod been with him for a long time; and the two girls, three and a half years and a year and nine months resppctively. ' Do you know, Miss Lydia,' I next asked, 1 do yon know of anyone who was likely to have cherished a grudge against your fithiT?' ' Absolutely no one,' she exclaimed, witii a passionate outburst of weeping. ' Has he had any suspicious visitor lately?' ' Not to my knowledge.' ' Your father was a reticent man I think?' ' Yes, in many respects he was.' ' I suppose it is quite possible, and even probable that there might have been incidents in his life, even of late, that you knew nothing at all about ?' ' Yes, it is possible,' she answered, still sobbing. ' He might have had secrets which he would withhold, even from you, his loved daughter ?' ' I think it likely," she murmured, with a displ iy of almost uncontrollable emotion. I did not ply her with any further questions then. But what I had learnt seemed to me to have advanced the matter another stage. Colonel Hulton had been a very reticent man, and it was likdly enough that in his life's history was some page he would hare wished to blot out forever. But our acts oft become our masters, and when we most desire that .the dead past should bury its dead it allows the sheeted ghosts to haunt us, and sometimes drive us mad, or into our graves. I was sure now that Colonel Hulton had had a secret, and if that secret could be learnt the clue to the whole mystery would be found. For the next few days the crime was' the talk of London. It was so mysterious, and to the general public so purposeless. Of course the enterprising reporters of the daily papers exh lusted their wits in the endeavour to get hold of everv shred of information likeK' to be of interest to their hungering readers; and equally, ot course, it became known that the Colonel lived apart from his wife and family, his youngest daughter excepted. The curiosity of the curious was thereby greatly excited, and the spite of the spiteful found vent in the most unfounded and abominable assertions and inunendoes. The Coroner's inquiry, beyond proving that Colonel Hulton had been wilfully slain, and leading to a verdict oi "wilful murder against some person or persons unknown," brought out nothing in evidence likely to be of use. The police were befogged. They ha.i nothing to suggest, and nothing to say. As for myself, I had only got together a few links, and as so many more were wanted to make anything like a reliable chain of evidence I was not disposed to even hint at what I suspected. It would only have served *o warn the criminal and put : im on his guard. When the unfortunate gentleman had been consigned to his last resting-place I called upon his widow. Sh« did not strike me as being a particularly bright or intelligent woman. Nor did she speak altogether kindly of her husband. She informed me that for four years they had lived apart, owing, as she termed it, "to incompatibility of temper," which really meant, I inferred, that she was light-headed and frivolous, while he was a deep-thinking studious man, with an ingrained love for science. Two such-temperaments were hardly likely to weld, and the result was friction. There did not seem, however, to have been any serious quarrel, and now and again Mrs. Hulton went out to see her husband _at Hammersmith. This was about the sum and substance of what I could learn from her. Beyond saying that her husband had never made a confidant of her—and she said that with a good deal of bitterness—she could suggest or hint at nothing likely to aid me or give me a clue. One thing that I was sure of, absolutely sure, was that the assassin WAS well acquainted with the Colonel's house. How did he gain his knowledge? With a view to discovering this I very closely questioned Mrs. Starkie. From her I learnt that about the beginning of August preceding the Colonel's death Lydia was away from home. She had gone with her mother, brothers and sisters to the seaside for a week or two. . One morning during that time Mrs. Starkie went into the breakfast room, where hermaster was having his breakfast. She found him in moody reverie, with his chin resting on his hands, and his elbows on the tabk, while before" hi in was an open letter. Her entrance disturbed him, and, jumping up, he exclaimed with altogether most unusual temper: ' Why did you come in without knocking ?' Then he added quickly: ' Pardon me, Mrs. Starkie, I am rather put out, and my nerves are disturbed this morning.' Then, as be deliberately tore the letter into minute fragments and tossed them into the fireless grate he said: " By the way, I want you to get the spare bedroom on the second landing ready. I expect a gentleman coming here to-morrow or the next day, and he may stay a few The morrow and the day after that came, but not the expected guest. Three or four evenings later, however, the Colonel, who had been strolling about in his grounds, entered the house in company with a strange man. Mrs. Starkie met them in the passage, but at it was dusk she could not see the man well enough to be able to describe him. A few minutes later they passed upstairs and went to the observatory. About half-past ten Colonel Hulton came down to the dining room and told the parlour-maid to leave the supper things on the table and go to bed. The next morning there was evidence that two persons had supped, and a bottle of champagne had been consumed, besides whiskey. The spare bed had also been slept in, but the mysterious guest was gone. Mrs. Starkie thought the circumstances singular and her master's behaviour altogether unusual; but in a few days she had ceased to attach any importance to the incident, and she did not even mention it to Lydia when she returned from her holiday. To my mind there was something very significant indeed in this story, and I felt that if the mystery of the murder was to be solved the strange visitor must be discovered. According to the housekeeper's statement, the visitor had arrived in the dusk of the evening, and in the morning he had departed. Why had he come late and gone early ? The fact of his remaining in the house only a few hours, and those hours being of the night, did not weigh against my theory that the murderer knew the place. That remarkable visitor was there long enough to have made himself thoroughly acquainted with the run of the house - if he had been desirious of doing BO. Although I was averse to add in the slightest degree to Miss Lydia Hulton's sorrow, I felt coastrained to ask her if she had been informed by her father that he bad had a visitor in the summer during her absenoe. This strengthened the significance of the incident, and showed that he must have had some powerful motive for concealing the matter. So far as Mis. Starkie could describe the man, he was about six or seven and twenty. He might even have been a little older. He was fair-complexioned, and of light build; and she believed, as far as she could judge, that he was very shabbily dressed. It was obvious now from all this that Colonel Hulton, as I suspected, had had some dark page in his life, and between that dark page and the mysterious stranger there was some connection. With a view to try and get at the bottom of this, I, with the permission of Lydia and Mrs. Hulton, examined the Colonel's papers and letters. But nothing helped me until going over a bundle of concelled checks I came across one that had been left open, and made payable to George Leyon. The name was French, and the check was drawn on a city bank. The amount was for two hundred pounds. But what seemed to me of greater import was that the date of the check was the 5th of August. That was about the time of the strange man's visit to Colonel Hulton. Without saying anything to anyone, I put that check in my pocket, and proceeded at once to the bank. There inquiries elicited that the cashier who cashed the check remembered the transaction quite well. The check was presented on the day it was dated, and almost immediately after the bank opened. The person who presented it was a fair man, about seven or eight and twenty, with a lithe spare figure and a peculiar, furtive expression in his eyes. He was shabbily dressed, and spoke with a very pronounced foreign accent. The clerk was induced to take particular notice, because he insisted that the money should be paid him in sovereigns. Soma of these he put loose in his trousers pocket. The rest he tied up in a cotton pocket-handkerchief he carried, and thrust that into the side pocket of his coat. (To be continued.) Brahms, the celebrated musical composer, is dead. 