Madeline's Secret. CHAPTER III (Continued). * It is like looking at a ghost,' she cried, * a ghost of the"past. I must hide it away again. If I look at it much longer-I shall go mad.' She took up the canvas and hastily carried it back to the portfolio from which she had taken it, then returned to the table. 'Now, 1 she said, more quietly, 1 give me an outline of the picture that is in your mind, is it a haiflength study ?* Gilbert "smiled. 4 Yes of course,' he said; * a halflength study is, as you know, my fa vourite theme. This will be a very simple arrangement—merely the figure of the queen In bold releif, leaning out from aft old casement; the charm of the whole thing will depend entirely upon the face. Look, this is my idea.' iHe took up ^a „ pencil and blank lysketcfied an outline of the conception. Madeline looked up approvingly. « That will do/ she said. * If the reality only comes up to the ideal, it will be the best thing that you have ever done. Of course, you are dying to set at work at once, so if you like, I will give you a sitting to-morrow morning.' ' That,' he said, most gratefully, ' will suit me perfectly, if you are sore that it won't inconvenience you.' ' No-no, it will dovery well for me Ask Nellie to come with you, and I will give you luncheon.' He gave her a grateful look, ' I don't know how to thank you, Mrs. Ferrars, for so kindly helping me out of a difficulty. I wish I were not so stupid at saying what I feel.' She put out her hand. ' No, no—don't thank me—please, don't Wait and see what comes of all this. The time may yet come when you—when both of us—will bitterly regret this day and the promise that I have given you !' * I am wiling to ake the risk,' he said, in a low tone, 1 if you are.' She shrugged her shoulders impatiently. ' I have proved myself willing—I have taken it!' she said. ' She paused for' a moment then went on— ' I want you to promise me something.' He looked at her with a smile." 'Anything that you like to ask me.' She glanced at him reflectively. s You will think it an odd request,' she said slowly, but I must make your falling in with it a condition of my sitting to you. I want you to promise that no one shall see this painting until it has left your studio; that always—even on Show Sunday—you will keep it hidden away from your friends, and no one shall so much as catch a glimpse of it until you send it to .Burlington House!' Gilbert looked, as indeed he felt, considerably surprised, but answered readily enough— ' Oh certainly. Of course I will premise that or anything that you like to ask me. I may find some difficulty in keeping my promise, but you may rest assured that I shall keep it. No doubt you have some good reason for makiug such a request' ' Oh, yes, I have a reason, and it is this; I like to put off the evil day as long as possible.' 'What still superstitious.' so thoroughly a part of my nature that I can never shake off its influ-: ence. I feel sure that I am approaching another crisis in my life, and that your painting will be the means of bringing it about* -.' A pleasant crisis, I hope.* ' No,' she said, sadly, ' I don't hope for that I have given up hoping for pleasure or happiness now. They are not to be my portion in this life. All that I dare to hope for is that my strength may prove equal to the demand upon if ' If you feel like that,' he cried, ' take back your promise before it is too late. For Heaven's sake, don't let me be the means of bringing trouble upon you/ She shook her head, ' No, I won't change now. My mind is made up, and I will go. through to the end, however bitter it may be/ His eyes, filled with wistful tenderness, rested Iittgeringly upon her face. • 'I can't help g, he said* softly, that the end will be happy— far happier than yba jane to hope for.' /If only I couldvthink so,' she said, with a sigh. ' If the end could only be peace, I would be content and ask no more, but it will not be even peace is denied me.' 'Now, perhaps,, but not for ever. 'Things at the worse mil cease, you know. Bp still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the son still shining ; Thy late is the common tale of all. Into each life some rainmust fall, Some days most be dark and dreary." 'Yes,' said Madeline, 'they are pretty words and sound cheering, but they bring no comfort to me. You don't know 'or don't understand.' ' Not now, but perhaps some day I will know and .understand.' She sighed impatiently. ' Perhaps, butit is hardly likely. There was a little pause. Madeline looked out over the garden. eyes, and a faint, dreamy smile curving her lips. Gilbert sat silently" watching her, while a food of thoughts, to which he dared not give utterance, rushed tumoultously into his heart If a man lives, as Gilbert Conyers had lived, to the age of thirty-five withont falling in love, and then meets his fate, the love that springs into life within him is no light and transient fancy, blown hither and thither by the winds of doubt and uncertainty, but a steady, enduring and overmastering passion. So many men—and women too, for the matter of that—fritter away their best and truest feelings in a score of idle flirtations and passing fancies, but not so with Gilbert He had never inclined towards matrimonial bondage, and hitherto no woman had succeeded in making him feel that he would gladly sacrifice his bachelor freedom for her sake ; but now that was all changed. Only a few short hours ago he had met Madeline for the first time, but he knew, that he loved her and should love her to the end of his life. Madeline was the first to break the silence. 4 Then you will jcpaie to-morrow morning ?' she said. * Yes, I will come, since you say that I may. There was another pause, and then Gilbert rose to take his leave. ' I must say Good-bye now, Mrs. Ferrars,' he said- 4 I have inflicted myself upon you for a most unconscionable time, but I hope you will forgive me. It is so pleasant here that I find it hard to fear myself away, even now. * If you must go—good-bye,' she said, as she put her hand into his. " I have enjoyed our chat very much, I am so glad you came.* A minute later jGilbert had left the house, and Madeline stood at the window watching him cross the Iaitn. Her eyes held a world of longing and wistful tenderness as they followed the movements of the tall figure, and, involuntarily, she stretched out her hands with a gesture that was full of pathos. ' I am growing to love him,' she said, half unconsciously, speaking aloud; already I am growing to love him, and he loves me now. I know it—I see it in his eye every time he looks at me. Oh, Heaven, when shall I come to the end of the torture—the bitter sorrow that my mad, reckless foHylia^rojugh t . •me-?'" It was a bitter cry, wrung from a crushed and tortured heart Hot tears filled her longing eyes, and rolled slowly down her cheeks as she turned abruptly from the window and threw herself into a chair, burying her face in her hands. CHAPTER IV. ' Do you believe in love at first sight Mrs. Ferrars? So many people say there is no such thing that it is a sheer impossibility. What is your opinion ?' ' Oh, I believe in it I have learned y bitter experience that such a thing is possible,' Gilbert Conyens mixed his colors with a thoughtful air. He did not raise his eyes to look at Madeline. He could tell by the tone of her voice, the look that was upon her face then—a look that he had too often seen there—a look of passionate rebellion and hopeless, helpless sorrow. (To Be Continued.) 