TALK O' THE TOWN. Each Sly Saogrado, with bit polionuas pill nim lo tbo Printer's DoTil-Hoiuoe Smith Okk of tho pooaltnritles of tho Fodoral elections In the four colonic last week was that tho one in whioh tho Labour Party baa tho etrongeat and most aggressive representation In parliament ohoso tho moat Gonaorvativo ten In Victoria the Radical! wept tho board, and among the ohoaon is the leader of the Labour Party in that oolony. "Mil men aa Sir Honry Wriion, Mr. D. Gilliot, Sir Frederick Sargood, &o.;, wont down before tho Radicate, and poor old " Know tbyaolf young mao" (L. L. Smith) i« tbo very lowest on the poll. In South Auitralia tho aamo thing ocourrod, but in New South Wales tho only ono with radical tondeoolea— and tbey are of tho philosophic and aoademio typo— who waa auooossful was Mr. Wiio. Of the ton ohoaon aiz are Protectionists, and oppononte of diroot taxatioo. Three of tho Ministry are olooted, but tho otbor seven are opponent# of it, for although Mr. Wise ! a Free Trader ho loves tho Government about ai muoh as the devil is said to admiro holy water. Si of them aro lawyers- four barristers and two attorneys— while the remaining four follow difforsnt pursuits. is a graztor, anofchor a merohant, tho third an auctioneer, and tho fourth (Mr. Walkor) is a capitalist, who looks aftor the estate of a doad millionaire. Tho whole of them aro undoubtedly Conservative— for Mr. Wise's Socialism is only kin deep— just that sort of thiog whioh, liks tbo moaalea fa children, we all havo in our aalad days but pa<"os off as the blood oools and Is purgod of youtnfui humours. Tho efeofcton at Dubbo was the quietest on rooord. Tho usual army of barraokers— tho men who flit around polling booths, flourishing the elootoral roll, wero conspicuous by thoir absence. Only a few woro at any time about tho booth, and thoy lookod more iiks these ghosts whioh haunted Egyptian banquets than the excited figures of flosh and blood to whioh wo were aoouitomed. Of oourso, I don't say that there is not a good and suffioiont reason for all this, bat I would soorn to suggest that the failure of tho grog taps to flow had anything to do with it. Talking of tho olootion, somo .good stories are told, but probably the boat of tho campaign oomoo from Wellington, and is narrated by a writer in cue local " iimci. Ho says " Somo minutes had slapsod before tbo voter mads his ozit from tho building, and wbon ho did, he quite oppoarod to bo a different person altogether. His face was rather sorrowful, and dis» appointmont sat fair between his eyebrows, while he took out bii pips and oommeucod to scrape it out with his knife in such a manner as would load to supposo bs was annoyed, cither with tho pipe or the knifo. Someone made tho remark to him 'you look aonoyed.' 4 By tbo pipor that played beforo tho daugbtor of Julius Cmar, bo would you be annoyed if yon had experienced tho disappointment 1 have done,' aaid tho man who voted. 4 How la that!' said tho other. ' Woll, it ie this way. 1 havs wulked 13 miles slnoe eunrieo to voto for tho Cardinal, and whon I got hold of tho ballot paper, dovil tho name of Cardinal Momn was thcro at all.' Oo, yos, it was there,' said tho othor, and tho orowd gathorsd round, everyono of whioh was as ourious as a woman. 'No, it was not,' said the man from Iroland, 4 I was given to understand that tho Cardinal's namo wus on It or I ehould uot have taken tho trouble to como to town at all to voto.' 'Oh,' said tho othor man, 4 did you aotioo a namo on tho ballot papor, P. P. Moran.' 'Of oourso 1 did,' said tho Cardinal's wouldvbo supporter, 4 but do you think I'd givo that b— inau a voto. No, I'd aeo him in h first."' Ono of the prettiest orrors of tho Press— and ooo whioh dosorves to bo eoshrinsd — was perpetrated in tho soulor Sydney daily on Saturday. It ooourrsd in tho roport of an intorviow with Mr. E. Barton. The latter is said to have referred to soino "foreign onatormougers," and all who road it wero very muoh puszled to understand what a Parisian cabbage vendor or a Viennese oeiory flollor had to do with tho oomiog Fedoral Convention. Tho mystery, howover, was oluoidatod, or rather I should say tho conundrum was solved on Monday, whon the following ooto oppoarod " In the report of the intorviow with Mr. Barton, published on Saturday, tho words 'foreign oostermongors,' should have road constitution mongers.'" Tbero Is a good deal of talk about Mr. Reld'c projeoted visit to England, in response to tho invitation issued by tho Secretary of State for tho Colonies. Tho Premiers of the othor Australian ooloniea have aooepted, and Mr. Reid ought not to ooustitute himself tbo Ciodorolla. Tho event to bo celebrated Is unlnuo In Eoglish history. It is to eolebrato a rooord roign — tho liko of which no othor nation has over exporionoed. It is a long way back, sinoo that foggy morniDg in 1937. whon tbo groat olHcor# of Stato woke up tho girl Victoria aod did homago to her. Eogland und tho Empire during tho 00 yosrs havo made marvellous progress. Sciooco has murchod along, prospority has reigned, and the' lump of knowlodgo has boon lighted In many aoornorthoo covorod with tho dense durkuoss of itfooranoo. People auy that Mr. Roid should stay in Now South Walos, but a rooord reign is not cclobratod every year, and then as ho is to form oue in a sort of pioeoaaioual pageant, which is to porambutato the streets of Loudou, thoro is tho probability ho might bo miatnkeu by cnthuainstio Cooknoys for the banished Gog or Magog, come back from Botany Bay, to claim Ids old placo in the rareo show of Lord Mayor. What an ndvcrtlae moot this would bo for Now South Wales! Tho following linos, headed "The Stockyard Liar," I seo in a Westorn papor aro well worth re-produaiug. Tho verso has the right swing about It ever jrou'ro handling a rough on#, Of the stockyard somo grlsslud old tough one, Whose flow of advice novor fails. There ere plenty of course, who aspire To meke plnfo you'ro only e dunce ; But the most loiupporUble liar Is the man who hei 11 rldduDfom once.1' lie will tell you a tale and a rum one, With novor a ainllooo bis face, How hs broke for old Somebody Soiooonc, At somo UQApproaclisblo place; How tboy bucked and thoy snorted and iqusaled ; llow ho spurred 'cm end flowed 'om and how Ho would gallop 'om round till thoy reolod, Hut he's ' getting too old for It now." Let them spell from Freotredo and Protection Aud givo Federation a rest, For tho matter that wants their inspectlou Is watting out horo in the West ; And the law that tho country requires At the bands of her Statusmcu of some Is a law to abolish the )Urs That ceil sit a roughbuck— " on tho fonot. M For many years I havo admired tho consistency end unanimity of tho voting at Woomabah polling plaoo. Tho oleotor. dout't mix their liquor In that part of tho world. _ Thcro ia no ahaodygaff about their tipplo. It straight and noat. As iu Parliamentary olections, so it was in tho Federal contest, Ton doctor votod and uiuo inon got ton each, tho louth nino, and the Cardinal one. How that caino about is a puzzlo. Tho only solution is that astray ewo must havo got boxod with tho station flock, It is ovldont tho British Government is getting rilod over tho dolay of tho Ban Fruuoi.oo Courts, in tho mattor of Butlor, Asho, or whatovor is hie namo. Tho English ambassador at Washington has protostod against tho dilutorincss, and It is possible therefore, that bio llttlo reminder may ha.tcn tho oitradition of tho proapootor. It scorns extraordinary thoro ahould bo oo muoh trouble, in Rotting a Stato with whioh a treaty ox 1st a to give up a man, who is rooogni.od as tho ono wautod. and against whom a warrant for wilful murdor has boon issuod. Tho Yankoo is nuito at ,i„ what ho likes with his criminals, but ho should respect Treaty rights. WILL HONEYCOMB. 