CYCLES AND CYCLING. GREAT ROAD RACEfS OF THE WORLD. THE USE OF THE MOTOR-CYCLE. ZIMMERMAN ON THE PATH. Particulars of the greatest road race of the world, tho Bordeaux-Paris, have already been published in this column. Further details about this important event are to hand. The race this year is the seventh since tho establishment of tho event. It has been twice won by an English- man, Mills taking tho prize in tho year of its inception, and last year's race being won by Arthur Linton, sinco deceased. Tho distance is G91 kilometres (about 370 niilDs), and to give an idea how anxious each particular firm of manu facturers was to havo the win placed to the credit of their machine or tiro, it may be men tioned that Cordang, who finished second, had with him throughout the whoie journey two tandems or triplets for pacing purposes, and a couple of riders as companions. In all Cordang had ISO men to help him along the road; Fre deric, another competitor, load 100; and Rivierro, the winner, who was depending a good deal on automobiles, of which ho had several at his ser vice, had GO odd pacemakers. The Gladiator Company alono spbflt £S00 on tho race, and then wero defeated. This year's race (says a Parisian writer) re solved Itself into a match between Rivierre and the Dutch stayer, Cordang. Cordang led at the start, and up to tho last moment the Dutchman was expected to be returned the winner, but Rivierre, after Orleans was left, by a magnificent effort passed his rival, and eventually beat him by nearly a quarter ot an hour. Tho start tool; place at Bordeaux on Saturday, May 15, and the pace tho leaders cut out was so hot that Hurot dropped out and decided to quit after having barely covered 15 miles. Ail night long the men thundered along, the rate of travelling being on an average over 17 miles an hour. Tho half- distance mark was passed first by Cordang, Ri vierro being 21 minutes behind. Cordang was also first to o'rrivo at Tours, having token 11:09:00 to cover the 339 kllomotres (214 1-3 miles) from Bordeaux. This time beat last year's re cord, and. from that point forward the records fell in succession. At Tours, automobiles were brought in as pacemakers, and their effect was soon seen by tho competitors' times, A high wind was blow ing, which raised clouds cf dust; but well shel tered behind these snorting machines, tho cy clists wero able' to speed along at their best pace. No doubt, for tile purpose used, the auto mobiles answered well, hut the rider whoso firm could not afford to provide him with those luxu ries never had a ghost or a chance of competing with the man who, protected from the wind and dust, was able to make his effort under far more favorable circumstances. Thanks to the good work of tho automobiles, Rivierre gradually gained on his rival, and between Orleans and Etampes, or only some 90 odd kilometres from heme, the Frenchman caught up and passed his man. From there home tho French stayer made no mistake about the .race, aud, increasing his lead to nearly 15 minutes, arrived at. the Seine track at 2:30:40 Sunday afternoon, Cordang fol lowing at 2:50:00, The benefit of touring clubs to cyclists in countries where any touring is carried on is in calculable. Tho clubs safeguard the roads by marking dangerous spots with prominent notice boards, and perform various other useful offices. One instance of a somewhat unusually paternal care by a club for the wheolmen is reported from France. There is a very dangerous bridge at Rainiugao, on the Maritime Alps. Tho bridge, which extends over an immense gorge, is at the foot of a steep hill, aud many riders, disregard ing tho danger signals, had charged its parapet and been thrown into the gorge below. It was In consequence decided to erect a net extending out from tho parapet over the gorge to catch theso foolish riders in their flight. The erection of the net was completed on A.pril 5, and the first cropper occurred on the 9th, the rider emerging from tho net safe and sound. Before the 2oth of the same month two other riders had been "fished out again." The nearest aprpoaeh to this applianco in England (says a London writer) is a case where the owner of a cottage at the foot of a steep hill, frequently charged into by run aways, has banked up the end of his house with planking, which makes the stop not quite so sudden. At tho Decoration Day races at Waltham, Erl Iviser, the new star on the American racing fir mament, defeated both Bald and Cooper, the two great riders of the States. Tho latter two have for the past winter been disputing the champion ship of 1S9G. Kiser won a half-mile open, de feating both Bald aud. Cooper, and Bald won the mile open in a finish with Kiser so close that the judges hesitated, aud thu referee favored ICIser. Zimmerman had, up to tho departure of the latest mails, ridi,lon two exhibition half miles. Tho first he completed in 55 -l-osec., and the second In 50 2-5seci The Australian record for tho distance Is 51 4-5sec. Zimmerman, in his time trials, rode a wheel geared to 72!n., and he Is probably the ouly man in the world who could get over the distance in the time with such a low gear. The same mail that brought this news stated: "It is stated on good authority that Zimmerman has joined the Royal Worcester team, und. will try. to enter all opens, with Mac- douald aud Starbuck as team mates." A private letter from Noumea states that Mar tin will race II. Brock and Romaud, two New Caledonian riders, over 50 kilometres. The two local riders will share the journey. No pace- inaldng is to be allowed. Under the conditions Martin should win very easily, Tho mutch Is for £100 aside, the stake o£ the local riders hav ing been subscribed by the residents of Noumea. Martin will ride his Rod Bird in the match. Tho Groat Chicago Road Raco has been won by W. D. Smedley, off lGmin. Smedley is 51 years of age, and the race Is the greatest road ovent of America. .. Ninety-nine thousand citi zens of Chicago are said to have witnessed the finish. An extraordinary accident of a fatal character has happened to a cyclist in Chicago. lie was carrying the framo of a. bicycle round ills neck whilo riding along the street. Tho fork crown of his wheel suddenly broke, and ho was thrown to the ground. Tho frame which he was carry ing was pressed with great force Into his throat, and he sustained an injury which speedily caused his suffocation. His peculiar antics in the street whilo undergoing the process of suffoca tion induced the passers-by to believe that he was intoxicated, and no notice was taken of him till ho was dead. Croat interest is now being taken In England and France iu the question of automatic pacing, and Pingalt's electric tandem, which was seen on several English tracks lately, was tried a few weeks ago iu Paris, before a select attendance. Tho place chosen was tho Seino track, ou which tho machine was to put up an hour's ride. Rid den by the well-known pacers, tho brothers Jaliu, It started very fast, and the first kilometre was covered in 57 3-0sec.. as against Johnson's record of lmin. 1 3-5sec. Tho mile was ridden In imlu. 34 3-5sec., and the paco was kept on until 12 kilometres had been negotiated, when the tiro burst and tho motor pacers had to stop. The re sults were, anyhow, enough to show that some great tliiugs may he expected from the new machine. A hint to photo-cyclists is contained In tho following paragraph, which appears Al an Eng lish , paper: — "Those photo-cyclists who photo graph eyclo races, and know tho difficulty of getting a full exposure even ot the very rapid plates made nowadays, will be Interested in tho method of improving this, suggested by a French photographer. I-Ie advises placing tho plate in tho dark slido with the glass to the lens, instead of tho film, as usual — of course, allowanco must ho made for this In focussing — the film being in con tact with a sheet of whtto paper. Tills, he claims, gives bettor results, owing to tho reflection of tho light Into tho film from the white paper. It is a sine qua non that the glass of tho plate be per fectly clean. A competition was recently held In England for leading and carrying machines, and was won by a man who carried two machines across his shoulder, rode one, and led two others, one in each hand, at a fast paco down a crowded thoroughfare. This is certainly a wonderful per formance. 