THIRD; BOOK. The Devil's Acre. 'ClIATTEIt VII. " Glenfaba, The Oilan. ,/K'l Oh, gracious and grateful friend, at length you ' have remembered, the existence of the ! 'poor lone crittur' living in dead-alive land! Only that I lack gall to make oppression bitter I should of course return your belated epistle by the dead-letter ottice, marked 'Un known' across your 'Dear Glory,1-there being no longer anybody'in those regions who- lias a plausible claim to that dubious title. But, alas, . I am not my own woman now, and with tears ofshame I acknowledge that any letter •from London comes like an augel's whisper that is breathed to hie through the air. I dare say you have been unreasonable enough to think that 'I ought to have written to tell you of my arrival, and knowing .that man is born, to vanity as the sparks fly upwards t have more than once intended to take pen rin hand and write, but there is something so sleepy in this island atmosphere that my good resolution has hitherto been a stillborn babe that has breathed but never, cried. , ' ■ "Know, then, thatmy journey hither was performed with due celerity and; no further disaster than befalls me when, as usual, I have done those things which I ought not to' have done, and leftundone those things which I ought to have done, the former in this instance having: reference to various bouts of crying, which drew forth the sympathy of a compas sionate female sharper iu the train,' and the latter to the . catch of /my satchel, which enabled that obliging person to draw forth my embroidered pocket handkerchief in exchange. "I was in good time for the steamboat at Liverpool,' and it was crowded, according to its wont, with the Lancashire lads and lasses in'- whom affection ia as contagious as _ the mumps. Being in the dumps myself oh sailing out of the river, and: thinking of the wild ex citement with which I had sailed into it, X think I should have found that I had. liot done crying in both senses but for the interest of watching an amiable Bob Brierly, who,'with hi3 arm about the' waist of the person sitting next to him, kept looking around at the rest of the world from; time " to time with the inno cence of one whose left hand; didn't know what his right hand was doing. " •••".But we bad narcuy. crossed toe, Dar wnen the prince of the powers of the air began to envy the happiness of these dear young goodies: and if you had seen the' weather 'for the next four hours you would have agreed that the devil must have had a band init. TJp came a wave over the after, quarter and down went the 1 passengers helow' decks; staggering and screaming like brewery'rats, and then on we came like the Isrien'tes dut of Egygt ori'eagles' wings. Having lost my own sea legs a little_I thought it prudent to go down with my doggie tucked under iny arm and finding a berth in the ladies' cabin I fell asleap and didn't awake until we were on the cross current just off the island, when, 'amid moans and groans and other noises. I heard the tearful voice of a sick passenger asking—'Is there any hope, stewardess "The train got to Peel as the sun was setting behind the grim old castle wails- and when I saw the dear little town again I dropped half a tear l and ' even felt an insane desire to run out to meet it. Grandfather was at the stiition with old Cmsar and the pony carriage and when I had done kissing him and he bad done panting and puffing; and talking nonsense, as if I had been Queen Victoria and the Em press of the French rolled into one, I could have cried"to see how small and feeble he bad become since I went away. 'We could not get off immediately, for in his simple joy at my return he was hailing everybody: and every body was hailing him and the dear old Phari see "was sounding his trumpet so often in tho market-place that he might have Glory of men that I thought we should never get up to Glenfaba that night. When . we. did so at length the old aunties were waiting at the gate and then he broke into exclamations again; .'Hasn't slie grown tall ? Look at her. Hasn't; she, now?' Whereupon the! aunties took up their parable with; ''"Well, well! Aw, well !• Aw, well, now ! •»'We!l, yo nayar !' So that by the time I got through I had kissed everybody, a dozen times and was as red over the eyes as a grouse. ' " Then we went into the house and for. the first-five minutes1.1 couldn't telL what had conie over the old place to make it so small and mean. It was just as if the walls of the rooms had been tho bellows of a concertina and somebody Had Suddenly shut them. But there was the long clock clucking away on the landing, and there was Sir Thomas: Traddles purring on the hearthrug, and there were the same plates on the dresser and the sumo map of Africa Over the firejfiace, painted red where my father died. v"The mp6n was'glistening on the sea when I went to bed that night, and when I got upin the morning the sun was shining on it, and a crow cut across my window'cawing, and I heard grandfather humming to himself on the path below.: And after my long spell in London 'and iny: railway journey of the day before it was the same as if I had fallen asleep in a gale on the high seas and awakened in a quiet harbor somewhere. "So here I am back to Glenfaba, in my old little room, ivith; my old little bed, and everything exactly as it used to.be, and I begin to believe "that when you went into that monastery you only just gob the start of me in being dead. - There used to be. a few people in: this. place, but now there doesn't seem, to-be a dog left "'All the youngsters have ' gone foreign' arid all' the oldsters have gone to—' goodness knows \yhieh.'-; Some times we hear the bleat of sheep on the moun tains and. sometimes the scream of -seagulls overhead, 1 and sometimes we hold a con vocation of all living rooks in the elms on the lawn. We take no thought of the morrow what we '•shall eat or, what we shall pub on, and on Sundays when the church-bell rings we ,go out like, the, Israelites, iin . the wilderness in clothes which• wrix, not old. after, 40 years, though they may be a little out 'of fashion. During the rest of the week we watch the bluebottles knocking their heads stupidly against the ceiling and. listen to the grass hoppers ' whispering, in. the grass, and fall asleep to the hum of the bees and awake to the hee-haw , of old Neilus's 'canary' (donkey). Such is* the dead "alive life we live at'Glenfaba and the days of our years are three score years' and ten and if—o-hoy (a yawn). "I suppose it is basely.ungrateful of me to talk like this, for tho dear place itself is lovely enough to disturb one's hope of para dise and this very morning is as fresh as the dew on the grass, with the larks singing above and the river singing helow, and-the clouds like little curls of foam hovering over the sea. And as for my three dear old dunces, who love me so mubh more than Idescrve. I am ashamed in my soul When I overhear them planning good things for me to eat and wild excitements for me to revol in that I may ndt be dull or miss the luxuries I am acoustomed to. .-. "' Do you know, I'm afraid Glory doesn't care so much for pinjano after all,'1! heard grandfather whispering to .Aunt Anna one morning and, half an hour afterwards he wa3 reproving Aunt RacheL for .pressing me too hard to serve at. the soup kitchen: _ _ - " They govern me like -a child in pinafores and, of course, like a child;-I".revenge myself by governing all the. house;!* But, oh, dear, oh, dear, gone st«?the days when I could live on water gruel and be happy: in a go-cart. Yes, the change is in me, not in them or in the old .home; and What is the. good of turning back the clock when the sun is so stubbornly keeping pace. I might be happy enough at Glenfaba still if I could only bring back the day s when tho garden trees were my gymnasium and I used to rook myself and sing like a bird on a bough in the wind; or when I led a band of boys to rob our own orchards—a bold deed, for which Bishop Anna ofttime3 launched at me and at all her sunragans her severest censure; it was her slipper I remember. But I can't run barefoot all day long on the wet sand how with the salt spray blowing in ray face ; and a young lady of one and twenty seldom or never rushes out to play dumps and baggy-mug in public with little girls of 10. ; ^ ' "As a result my former adventures are now limited to careeriiig'on. the_back of little Cicsar,. who has grown so ancient and so fat that he waddles like an old duck, and riding him is like working your passage. So. I confine myself tositting" on committees and being sometimes sat upon, and rubbing the runes for grandfather; and cleaning the milkpailo for Aunt Anna, and even Buch holy kill-times as going to church regularly and watching Neilus when he is passing round the plate after 'Let your light; so shine before men'—light to his practical intellect being clearly a synonym for silver in the shape of threepenny bits. "But, oh, my! Oh, my! I am a dark character in this place for all that. ; The dear old goodies have never yet said a syllable about my letter announcing that I bad gone over to the enemy.(i'.e., Satan and the music-hall), and there is a dead hush in the house as often as. the wind of: conversation' veers round in that direction. This is nothing though to the white awe in the; air when visitors call and I am questioned as to how 1 earned my living London. I hardly known whether to laugh or cry. at the long breath of relief when L wriggle out of a tight place without telling a lie.. But yoiieau't hide an eel in a sack and I know the truth will pop out one of these days. Only yesterday 1 went district visiting with Aunt Rachel and one of the Balaams of life who keep3 a tavc-rn 'fqr fiaherlnen lured us into his bar parlor to look at a portrait of "Gloria" which; he had cut out of an illustrated paper and; pinned up on the wall. ' because it re sembled me so much !v Oh, dear !; Oh, dear ! I could have found it in my heart to brazen it out'on tho spot at this sight of my evil fame, but when I saw poor little auntie watching me with fearful eye3 I talked away like a mill wheel and ivent out thanking God that the rest of the people pf .Peel were not'as. other men are or eveii as this publican. •' , ' • '. "I have been getting newspapers myself though, sent by my friend Rosa, and a3 long as the mis-reporters concerned themselves with' my own doings and failures" to do, and lied as tenderly, as an epitaph about my dis appearance from London,: I cut tlicin up and burnt them; but when they forgot me and; began to treat of other people's triumphs I made Neilus my waste-paper basket on the understanding that tho papers were to go.to the .fishermen just^home from :XCinsale.;;Then from time to time he told me they wore. 'Goin' round, miss, goin' round,' and gave me other assurances of 'the greatest circulation in the world,' which was true enough certainly, though the old thief omitted to say it was at the papermiils, where they were being turned into pulp; "But heigho! I don't need newspapers to remind me of London. Like St.;Paul, I have a devil that beats me with fists and as often as a clear day comes and one can see things a long way olf ho make3 me climb to the top; of Slieu \Vballin (a mountain in Man) that I may sit ou the beacon by the hour and strain my eyes' for a glimpse of England, feeling like Lot's wife when she looked back on her old home and then coming down with a heavy heart and a taste of: tears in iny mouth as if ; I had been; turned into a .pillar of salt. Dear old London T But I suppose it is going on'itb way just as it used to do, with its tides of traffic; and its crowds and ' carriages, and wandering merchants and hawkers crying their wares, and everything the same, just the same, although Glory isn't there 1 • - fI'/'V-. "10.30 p.m. I had to interrupt tbe writing of my letter this morning owing * to' an alarm of illness seizing grandfather. ; He had been taken with; a;sudden. faintness.' Of course .ve sent for the doctor, but before he had arrived the faint ness had passed, so lie looked wise at lis like a prize riddle which had to be guessed before his next visit, left us his autograph (a wonder ful hieroglyphic), and went away. Since then grandfather: has been in the1 hands of ;a less taciturn ;. practitioner whom' he calls the 'Mower of Glenfaba' (that's me !), and after talking nonsense to him all day and. playing chess with him all night I have put him to bed laughing and • come back to my own room to finish my letter-with an easier mind. ;v For the; last half' hour the aurora has been, pulsing in' the.northern sky and I- have been thinking that the glorious phantasmagoria must bo the sign of a gale in heaven, just as sleet and mist and black wind are the signs of a gale on earth. But it has tripped off into' nothingness and only the dark night is left,' through which the dogs at Knockaloo are keeping up their private correspondence with the dogs at Ballamoor, by the medium of their nightly howls. "Oh, dear ! Only 10.30! And to know that while we1 are going to bed by country hours, with nearly everything still and dead around us, London is just beginning to bestir itself. When I lie down and try to. sleep I shall see the wide squares, with their 'statues •of somebody inside; and the blaze of lights over; the doors of the theatres and all the tingling life of the great aiid wonderful'city! Ugh !. It. makes one feel like one's own ghost wandering through the upper rooms and across the dark landings and hearing the strains of the music and the sounds of.the dancing from the ball room below stairs. - . • ... " But ray goodness ! (I can still swear on that, you see, and not be foresworn). What's the odds . if you're jolly ? and •' I ■ alius is!' How's your dog ? Mine/ would write you a letter only her: heart is ' moribund and if things go on as 'they are doing she must set about making her will. :In fact, she is now lying at the foot of my bed think ing matters out and bids me tell Vyou that after various attempts to. escape Home Rule, not being (like her mistress) one of those natures made perfect through.suffering, she is, only; 'kept alive by the force of fief own vo lition' in this house that is full of.old maids andfias.nothing better in it tban'one'old cat, and fie isn't worth hunting, being destitute of a'tail.'-Naturally she is doing her best (like somebody else) to keep herself unspotted from that world which is a source of so much temp tation,, but she is bound to confess that a little 'devilment* now and, then would help her to take a more holy and religious view of life. "I 'wish you happy' in your new enterprise, but if you are going m for being the champion of woman in this World of her wrongs I warn you not to be too pointed in your moral,' for there is a story here of a handsome young curate who was so/particular, in'tbe pulpit with 'Lovest thou Me ?' that a lady followed' fiim into the; vestry and admitted that she did. Soberly,' it is a great and noble effort, and I've half a mind to love , you for it. It men want women to be good they will be good,1 for women darice tophe tune that men like best and always have done so since the days of Adam, not for getting that gentleman's temptation or yet his excuse; about ' the woman 'JL'hou gavest me,' which shows he wasn't much of a husband any way, "though certainly lie hadn't much choice of a -wife.- • ' '• "My love to dear old London ! Sometimes I have half a mind to skip off and do my wooing myself. Perhaps I should do so only that Rosa writes that she would like to come and spend her summer holiday in Peel.: Haven't I told you about Rosa? She's the lady journalist that Mr. Drake introduced me to. But let's to bed ( . Said Sleejiy Head.1 ULOKY. I Jr.fcv—Important.—Jiver since I leit Lon don I.have been tormented with the recollec tion of poor holly's baby. /She put him out to nurse wi th the Mrs. Jupe you heard of, and that person put liirn out • to somebody else. While the mother lived I had no business 'to interfere; but I can't" help thinking of the motherless mite now and wondering what has become of him. I suppose that, like Jesliurun, he waxeth.lat aiid kieketh by this time, yet it would be the act of a man aud a clergyman if anybody would take up iny neglected duty and make it his business to see that there is some body to love the. iroor child. Mrs. June's address is 5a, The Little Turnstile, going from Holborn ihto Lincoln's Inn 1'ields." 