CORRESPONDENCE. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. (To the Editor.) Sir,-I am getting to be more pained and distressed in mind, as 1 read the ever re curring intimations given in your paper of harvest thanksgiving celebrations in different churches in this colony. I do think our churches should wake up to the fact that these are not the divinely appointed means for deepening spirit ual life in the hearts and lives of God's people, or for drawing sinners to Christ. I fear ministers, church officers, and members, are loosing faith in the religion of Jesus Christ, when they resort to such means for attracting outsiders to the church, or entrapping the unwary. I fear, too, that it is pandering to the inclinations of do praved humanity, when by such glitter and show these exhibitions take place in God's house, and is a vote of want of confidence In the power of the gospel to attract, con vince, and convert the soul and make wise the simple. As an office-bearer in the Christian church, I am doing my level best to put a stop to these practices, regarding them as dishonour ing to God's house, God's holy Sabbath, and God's ministers who occupy the pulpit, and certainly not complimentary to the congrega tion. Do you wonder at the frequent and most deplorable Sunday concerts, excursions, and entertainments? I feel as if the churches had much to do in begetting a taste for these things, by showing the way, giving the hint, by suggesting the directions In which to find sensual and worldlyenjoyments on the Lord's Day. Will our ministers return to their faith in God and his Christ, and in the power of the Holy Ghost to work by means of a preached word, and will they, with that fidelity becoming God's servants, becoming the cause of God, and becoming the im portance of immortal souls nerve themselves for the great work committed to them? Let us come back to the gospel, back to the Bible, back to Christ, and make a stand against anything that would lessen our grip of the real and fundamental affairs of Christ's holy religion, I am constrained to write the above from hearing the encouraging news that one of our country congregations (Scottsdale Presby terian) has resolved to hold its harvest thanksgiving services on Easter Sunday, entirely without any such display, an appeal being made to the people by the minister for practical thanksgiving without resorting to any desecration of God's house by mis appropriating the flowers and fruits of the earth in providing a Sabbath day's entertain ment. The office-bearers and numerous friends of the church have chosen to make a proper display of fruits, flowers, etc., at their annual show on Monday and Tuesday, 19th and 20th, in one of the public halls. I hear also, that a novel idea has been instituted by that congregation in 'ro' thanks giving. The friends have been asked for a golden offering, or for large silver coin where gold is not possible, or for copper wheore silver is not possible, that every eman, woman, and child may give, and those who cannot conveniently give coin of any sort, are requested to write on slip of paper what they will give in produce or other valuables, the same to be enclosed in an envelope and I put into the collection plato on thanksgiving day, and aH this without the use of church decorations so-called. I like the whole thling, and trust those who sympathise with this now departure will show their sympathy by forwarding en velopes so as to have them put into the plate on Easter Sunday. Thanking you in antici pation.-Yours, etc., DIDYMUS. April 2, 1897. 