WESLEY CHURCH. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. Anniversar'- services m conne* tion with l;je Wesley Church William-street, were held on Sun' day. They were largely attended. In the evening the building was completely crowded. Special hymns were rendered bv the choir, and Mr. A. J. Campbell sang the solo ' In the Depths.' The Rev. G. E. Rowe preached at the evening services from the following ] ;iSs.i:_Tes : — 'MjlI thew, rbep. -2S. Yi-rsfs 1.' and 2v -. — 'Goye therefore and Vaihall nations, baptiso tliPin in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teach them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you;' Corinthians I., chap. I.j, verse 3 — 'For I de livered unto you first of all that which 1 also received, that Christ diedf or all according to the Scrip tures ;' Galatians, chap. '2, verse 20— ' The life which I now live in the fieah I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved m,e, and gave himself for me.' He said that in these texts wag clearly ex pressed the teacher's commission. That day they were holding the anniversary of the pastorate in. connection with the Wesley Church. Four years had passed since he came to this colony and commenced his work in connection with th%i church in Perth and throughout Western Australia. The years brought with them reflection. Such a time must necessarily be, to him who thought earnestly of his werk one for review. Had he been faithful to his commission ? Had he, as an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ, expressed Hie terms and His wishes ? Quoting the apostle's words, be said, ** Who hath believed our report, and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed ?' The congregation would not, he was sure, take it amiss if he gave a retrospective view of the work of his ministry— - and the retrospective standard was the one by which every ministry must be judged. He had not quoted the texts for the purpose of exposition, but in order that he might keep before his mind his duty and his work. A preacher had many duties to- discharge. If he wished to meet all demands made upon him he should be ubiquitous. He should be, if he wished to lie in touch with everything that an ardent nature coul-l desir-\ Argus eyed. But preachers were men with like pas^ious to other men. and had the same restrictions. Only those who were in the ministry, or eloseiy associated with it, knew the iuis-t_'l- laneoris character of the work of a minister. The average pei son considered that a. minister had an 'easy time.;' but no man could have an easy time who lived an earnest life, except such ease as was to be found in rest in Christ. He claimed no Fpecial privileges and asked no special exemptions, but he claimed the same sympathy which would be shown towardg other men. If the members of that congregation sometimes thought — as he desired that they should — that their minister &bould; be a pastor visiting from bouse to house, then they must relieve the superintendent of the circuit of the chairmanship of the district. The chairman was expected to be all that the Bishop of tbe Anglican Church was, who had no parish to take charge of. When he remarked on the increase from 1 1 men, such as they had four years ago, to 36, as they had at present, they would have some idea what thought and care and responsibility calling in so many extra men must mean. He men tioned this to show that one could not conduct a house-to-house visitation and give attention to detail in a church such as that was. His colleague, Mr, .lenkins, had charge of the pastoral work ; and there fore he trusted that friends would know how to aDDortion blame or otherwise as far as he was con cerned in this matter. A minister's work was many-sided. After all the waiting upon tables and organising, the responsible work was to preach ; . and the church should see that, as far as possible, her ministry was free to preach the ' unspeakable riches of Christ.' That was the work ; and as much as they expected their ministers to wait upon tables they took away from tliat work. Th» Divine cum man'I was. 'Go and preach the Gospel.' It was on that commis sion thax ministers must give their acvount before the Master, who Imd j.-iv-*n ihe o;il!. Mr. Howe i;ave rm iirfotiut of his rarlv ministrations and experiences. ;je s;iid that he had tried .is well as he could to preach Christ, and that without Iiim weixmld not live tlif hi- jlicst life or be saved from our sins. Notiiing in this world coul-i la:-t : an i. sjioaking as one wlio (like most oi those whom he hn-l been associated with when he first became a local preacher) must also go hence, he asked what would betheeffect of his ministry 'i Would tliere be any youn:_r men there that night brought to God through the preaching of His word ? He made an eloquent appeal to those present to think of the Saviour who loved them and gave His life for them, and to that night promise ' For God to live, for God to die.' 