Christ Church. . n— — HER MAJESTY'S REIGN. Tho services at Christ Church yesterday were significantly appropriate for a day of thanks giving for the sixtietli year of the roign of Her Majesty tho Queen, and for devout expressions of loyalty to tho Throne. To give a further manifestation of the grateful feelings of the con. gregations a memorial stained glass window in commemoration oi the reign of the Queen was unveiled by the Mayor, Cr Elliott, who was accoin- companied the Borough Councillors and officers Tho band of the 4th Battalion, officers and members of the force also attended, which further added to tho impressive loyalty of the sacred service. Special arrangements were mado for the accommodation of visitors who, after pewholdcrs were seated at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, were admitted to occupy whatever seats were available. Chairs had to be placed along the aisles, but oven these were inadequate to scat all the worshippers. Prior to tho' service beginning, the Militia Band played' en route the march, " Welcome, Ever Welcome " dedicated to ull Premiers visiting England at the present Jubilee period. Into the march is introduced felicitously, "The Flag wo Love so Well." THE MEMORIAL WINDOW. The Rev E. A. Crawford, in a neat opening address, alluded to the memorable occasion that brought them together, and gave the following lucid description of the window, whicli he said is a representation of "The Light of the' World." Aloft in the central light- is a figure of the glori fied Christ, shedding light around. In tho left hand ' light the Jewish race (from which the Messiah sprang) is represented by His ancestors, Abraham and David. In tho right hand light appear Cornelius, tho Centurion, and the Ethiopian Eunuch, typical Gentiles, on whom the light dawned in the Church's first days. Cornelius- represents Europe and the white races of the world. The Ethiopian represents Africa and the coloured races. Below the figure of Christ, between Jews and Gentiles, is depicted the conversion of Saul of Tarsus, stricken down by the light proceeding from Christ. In the . quatrefoil above is Christ reigning as "King of,- Kings and Lord of Lords. " In the side openings . of the tracery, angels worshipping. The memorial inscription on a scroll below runs as follows : — "To the Glory of God and to com memorate the sixtieth year of Queen Victoria's happy reign. Grant that whosever is dedicated to thee by our office and Ministry may also bo endowed with heavenly virtues. Erected -by past- and present parishioners, 20th June, 1897." After this exposition, he called upon the Mayor to unveil the window. Before doing this the latter expressed his thanks for the honour con ferred upon him by assigning to him the dis tinction for unveiling the window plitced in the church to commemorate the reign of Her Majesty, who had occupied the British. Throne longer than any other monarch. . He alluded to the great advances that had been made during the past sixty years in art, science, mechanics, and inventions, that have contributed to tho welfare of the people. They enjoyed peace and' freedom. Much of our happiness, he believed, sprung from the Queen's worship of Gbd and the purity of her life. She had been blessed with a long life of honour, and as the best monarch that has occupied the British Throne, she is entitled to be held in the highest esteem. He then unveiled the window, when its beauty was a source of universal admiration. . The Militia Band, numbering 25, under the conduc tor, Mr Monteith, played with grand effect the magnificent, joyful, "Hallelujah Chorus," from the Messiah ; the congregation stood during its rendition. Subsequently they played the con cluding voluntary, "March of the Priests" from Eli. In. the. service, which was conducted by tho .Rey E. A. Crawford, he incorporated the special form of prayer and thanksgiving, prepared by the Archbishop of Canterbury, by direction of the Lords of the Privy Council. Out of these we select the two following, which have been- sung on the same day in many lands in the Em pire : — , O Lord our God, who upholdest and governest all things by the word of Thy power, receive our humble prayers for our Sovereign Lady Victoria set over us. by Thy grace and providence to bo' our Queen ; and, together with her, bless, we beseech Thee, Albert Edward Prince of Wales, ;tho Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family; that : they all,, ever trusting in Thy Igoodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned with Thy gracious and endless favour, may con-' ti'nue before Thee in health, peace, " joy;: /and honour, and may live long and happy lives' upon, earth, and after death obtain everlasting life and glory by the merits and mediation of "Christ" Jesus our Saviour, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one Odd, .world' without; end. Amen. Almighty God. : who rulest over all the kingdoms of the world, 'and diBposest of them according toThy good pleasare'; ' we yield Thee unfeigned thanks, for that Thbn wast pleased . to place Thy Servant our Sove-' reign Lady, Queen Victoria, upon the Tfir'one'of this'Realm. Let Thy wisdom be her guide, 'and- let Tbine arm strengthen her ; let jiistic; trufti, and holiness,, let peace and' love; flourish Jn hoc days. Direct all her counsels and endeavours to Thy glory, and the w'oifara of her people ;' and give us grace to obey hercheerfully forconsciencosake. Let her always porsessthe hearts ofher people; let- her Reign be long and'prosperou?, and crown her' with immortality in the life to como;" through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. " The sermon delivered by tho Rev E. A. Craw- ford waB fittingly in unison with the occasion, having for its subjepf the- Queen,, viewing her- life from the time'when she ascended the Throne when' but -18 years of age, and ruling there for. 60 years, with wisdom. Her empire had extended' to vast proportions, it was not held by force, but merely by the free will of her people. The colonists, left to manage their own affiirs for themselves, chose to hold fast to the mothir country. Their loyalty was deep, sincere, un doubted, and would be represented at the great est reception that.had ever been accorded to any. monarch in the world. - ' "Among tlie selected hymns -'were theNational'1 Anthem and Onward Christian Soldiers, which were rendered with marked fervour by a very strong choir. There was another large attendauceeat the- evening choral service, when the Rev E. A. Crawford preached an appropriate sermon', and the choir renden d'Apecial antheme;. 