Short Story. Lassoing a Lover. By Mrs. M. E. Unyno. iWlthln a very short space of time-so short that few have noticed Its pearanec-there stood a brick building in tlio suburbB of the city of Alameda, .which was a waggon shop and a smithy combined. The place had more thnu a local reputation, on acrouut of the ex cellence ot Its work, the smith being especially proficient iu his department, employing the art of a veterinary Bur geon Is & rode but successful wny. Nor bad he his equal In the country for putting a shoe on a horse, the most frac tious . animal submitting Itself to ills skilled baud without demonstration, i Iudeed, his sibilant " P-s-t!" whistled through bis teeth in au Indescribable manner,, acted like a charm on the most unruly equine spirit 80 Steve Darner's forge was glowing when others were dark and silent, and Ills rivals expressed their dislike for him and bis successes In many ways. They , >pneered at him tor a half-breed auii ^attributed his luck to the urts of l jsavagery. The smith did not cure. J *Thore was only one thing on earth for .which he did care-that was his beauti ful daughter Pauline, the stately girl .who would have graced the most refined : jlImme ln the State, hut who bad returned from school with no higher ambition thW1 to serve in ber father's kitchen. There Wife little else to the whole abode, : save (oft Above, but It was as neat and dainty as loving bauds could make it None ot the -neighbouring houses had such quaint decorations. The it-lugs of brlgbt-plumaged birds crossed on the walls.-Bow and arrows tied with strings of wampum.1 Moccasins of soft skins, embfrolderedlnrnre patterns with many . coloured beads, unlike any work done by 1 \- ? skilled' American hands. For why Pauline Damer was tie daughter of an Indian princess, and Inherited her right ":r*6 do-such work, for her Instincts were those ot her mother's picturesque people, ' the Tuitions, whose name mfeans " art" and who are neither nomads nor idola ters, but ft people who are postmasters Inailitie arts and industries. When the dark-skinned young wife of Steve. Damer 'died, he went bnck to , .idvjlls&tlon; to find himself an alien and ii "*?kbrlght-eycd baby squaw, his little . ..Anm.a ah object of Impertinent curl jnaritage with a squaw Is no mar* It wl In thfe eyes of white tow," " *ooa people wbo'sustaln mls ~ftrl$tlantSli>Ktbe Indians, and signified ifcelr willingness to as a ward of ^^Su^':^feve Damer was loyal to the jSBkioS#' St ills dead wife «n<i ber people, .;«*i)dttBfasedto part with his Pauline, or . tf/WBr'bver «ven temporarily to the desrfWM 'of her ntpiiicr's race. He did, '..Jioweveri igend hertoscbool, where she ?r .ffiWitreated well, even to the extent of 'being admired and petted, for two reas on. One was that she was considered ia ibrlg or nobility, however rough and y# tte bjancli frota which she game; *WV dtpBr: because . nbenoruenttl sums wenfe paid- for. her etpeuseB, and her sight. The anoney her mother's, a heritage ber fatfaerdsedto make heir a scholar and a lady, Whlcji iMt she was, by birthright. \- . imnier was busy in bis shbp, for it was aftiBweeli1,add. thehorses needed cnrc ftiljpyppafatlon for the event on which so ' j mmiy thobsands of dollars wferc staked. jMnfltoe^lMid been brongbt over from 8fln J'rtinclgeo to bave his shoes refitted, and J>'anklpoo was being shod anew ou dU Jours, while 8un-of-a-Gun waited bis turn. Jockeys and hostlers and a few owaera,qccompanled the horses. All the taiatt was cm band and there was the .tunial acrobatic betting, the stakes being ' of unusual Importance. Little Tough bad won A flvfe-furiong race In 1.01, the faebit^tlDie made by a two-year-old, and Jorani, bMdjpeeh fotiled at the head of iteymlfw 80 the talk went on until Bu Esd ween their turn and gone, with . the exception of one man, an owner who :i jfiHti.f$»'J£ckey away and lingered to bare^confidential talk with the smith. " Wby'dbesn't Harlow Lincoln bring bis chestnut here to be shod V was the \- :lilt question when they were alone. "Ask him," answered the smith curtly ; he knew his man and did not feel It necessary to be civil. " Have a swallow." said the other with a disagreeable smile, extending a hand some silver-mounted Bask toward the smith. .? "How do I know It ain't fixed 7" asked Damer suspiciously. *' Great. Caesar's ghost, man, have you no common sense ? I want you to have ,«ll f0Ur wits about you If-If Lincoln's Delight Is to lose the race to-morrow. I should think you would want to be even iwlth blm for all his snubs and slights.' Damer took a long draught from the , flask iefore apswerlng. The subtlety of ' the liquor entered Into his heart and ?' brain. As long as he left liquor alone . and he knew It for a fact-he was a decent man. When he drnnk he became ugly and morose, and easily offended. It wob long since his last spree. He had promised Pauline- bit! ,'Pauline, the thought of her accelerated the work of liquor. Harlow Ltucoln had slighted Pauline In some way. Damer did not , know Jiow, but on her coming there the young ranchman had shown her much attention, and she almost admitted to lier 'father that she looked upon him ae a king among men, and then he had stayed away, and ever since Pauline had lost \- ber Ught-hearteduess. Damer beard too often the taunting couplet of bis own people : ''TOle floods may pour from morn fill night, Nor wash the pretty Indian white." He hated Lincoln for not returning his daughter's love, and tlilg scheme to got even'appealed to his worst nature. Put into speech, it meant that the smith should get access to Delight, the famous tanning chestnut booked for the mor row's race, and cripple the animal so ns to prevent him from going on the track. ITo the little honour he had left. I10 re fused money for the crime, lie was .willing, In his cups, to do the dastardly deed solely for'revenge. Neither of the conspirators saw n shadow cross the door-sill and speed away Into the gathering night. It WHS Pauline, who had gone to the smithy to walk home with her father, as site often did, leaving the supper ready to oal 011 the table. Now she did not go home, but straight as an arrow flies, she sotighi the home of Harlow Lincoln. No blush of imildi'ii delicacy Btaiucd ber olive cheek. She thought not ot herself, but of the two I moil slip loved, her father mid Harlow Lincoln, who Iiuil stolon the sweet possession <»f her young heart lnnn her. She knew how much I10 cherished the chestnut Delight, ami that a fortune awaited lilm should lie win-and-she would save licr father from belli); n criminal. Bui Lincoln was away from home. The bachelor menage was closed mid 110 0110 about but the man who took care "f Delight, ami the small jockey ivho OH the morrow was to ride lilm ns lie confi dently believed to victory. The little Jockey had lieard of the In dian princess, but had never seen her, nud he was 80 pleased with her beauty that he at once toolt lier for his mascot, aud begged a bit of rlbbou to wear as bin colours. Together they visited the stable and Pauline tools a look around, " Does some one watch here all night ?" she asked. " 1 do," gnld the Jockey proudly j " I !ian i»,v bed 'longsldo <>' Delight, and locks tip. and I has pistols, aud know how to shoot." The clrl stood by the favourite who had been watched ami admired every hour of the <iity, mid was us nervous as n woman. l'aullne touched the silky skin llmt shone In n hundred goldrii JlRhtH In the dare of the lantern which the Jockey lighted. It was beautiful, but she belonged to a people that do not love the liorse, except aw an article of diet. But she loved the horse's master. Not that she admitted It to herself. I. as n relater of farts, may strife what I know. The native delicacy of her Iu dlitn nature wis tempered by the re serve of lier white blood. Not for worlds would she have given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could have made his heaven. She went, leaving no message, and much troubled about the course she should pursue. Her father was not at the house, a or did he come later, and at last, she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined to go back to the stable aud warn the young man If lie had returned, and If be were still absent, to caution tile little Jockey. She waited long after Mining to this decision, then taking down from the wall the coll of rawhide that hung there, she hid It under the scrape she wore, and sped away, light of foot but heavy of heart, to the rescue of Delight and" lier father. There nil was dark and still, except on occasional stamp of the impatient ani mal, or a low whlnney, and Paulino called in vain for the boy or any atten dant, and at laBt finding a window high up in the stable open, she scaled the wall, and groped her way through the gloom, to a place where she could sec tlie floor below and Delight in his stall, with the Jockey sleeping heavily beside Mm. The little fellow had been drugged, and would not awaken for some hours. Pauline was stricken with o horrible fear of tlie consequences to her father. She was afraid of hlu, too, when be had been drinking, and knew he would not listen to reason. TVbnt should she do 1 Seating her self on a bale of alfalfa she tried to think, when she heard a noise at. a side entrance to the building. All the possibilities of the occasion rushed into lier mind like a torrent. Wlrnt if her father did not amie, and Harlow Lin coln did V It might not be necessary for her to lucrlmipate her father, but bow then could she account for her own presence there ? And the condition of the boy ? And then the door opeiied aud the outline of a man appeared. It was her father 1 He crept In stealthily-so ttullke his usual free step-and quieted the excited horse with the familiar "p-s-t!" Then he dropped on one knee and took tip the left hind foot. But be had no time to wreak bis will on tlie poor brute. Some thing whizzed through the air In a black, snaky circle, aud descending with unerring certainly drew taut around the neck of Steve Darner, stretching lilm out on the floor ,where he writhed.black lu the face. At the same moment the frightened horse plunged and snorted, and, screauilug with fear, tried to break bis halter. There was a moment's com motion at the door in tlie front of the stable, which was broken from Its hinges, and Harlow Lincoln, followed by several excited men, burst luto the place. It took but n moment to realise the : true meaning of the scene, and then each mau caught hold of the lasso, aud gave It a twirl. But like a spirit, a form glided between them and cut the noose at the neck of the prostrate aud unconscious man. "I save your horse-grlre me my father's life,", said the girl, confronting | the angry owner of Delight. " You-saved-iny-horse V" be asked lu scornful Incredulity. I "Yes. You do not know how to care for precious things. The boy has been dragged, and your enemy-not my father-Is at your door. Sly father was the toot of another man. Give me his life for your Delight, and win the race to-inorrow. We will go where you can never hear of us again." Dainer had recovered his conscious ness and wns on his feet, but being so bered could not recall his part lu the affair. "Take him." said Lincoln, not un kindly, " and If you saved my horse I thank yon, Pauline." She looked like a young queen as she led the bewildered man away, and one of the men made n slighting remark about her " Injun blood" giving lier a good gnlt. anil measured his length on the floor before the speech wur well out of Ills mouth. "Yon will please speaks respectfully of Delight's friends-and mine." mid Lincoln, with a fierce gleam In bis eye. The next day the Utile Jockey was all right mid figured tn win. He wore the ribbon of tlie Indian princes*, and De light ran from slart to wire in the good time of 1.13, distancing all competitors. When the owner of (he whining liorse counted up his gains be wns satisfied to keep that which In- had won and retire to Ills ranch a rich man. He thnuclif much of Pauline In those days, as he had nt another and earlier phase of tlielr ac quaintance, Her beauty, her maidenly modesty, her ninny gracoK of mind and character, had made nn Impression npm him. and he believed those very graces were derived from her heroic lineage. He felt It to he an Imperative duty to call on hc.r and thank her again for the good luck she had brought him. Per haps she would he his mBKrof for life. He rode Delight, who was proudly com sclmis of a new 'outfit, nnd pranced ac cordingly, setting off tlie figure of his young master to Its best advantage. There was no sign of life about :lic cabin, the smithy was closed, but the owner of the waggon-malt)ng purl ion of the Imlldlng said that the smith Imd taken his daughter ami gone back to her mother's people on the ltlg lllvcr. To lie foiled hi Ills desire Is (lie slroiig i'sl Incentive to a man lo gain the object of his hope. Hcllghl fell Ills itths|ii|''ri spurn that iliiy as never before. Harlow Lincoln could bear th;it soft, low voice fiiiylug, " You do uut kuuw huw I | to cnro for precious things," and lie real ised ns most of uh do ni Home period of our lives tliiit lilcsRlnRs brighten nR they tube their tliRlit. But lip In 11 youiifi mini of mtorpvlsp, .-Hid (lie of the liiMso of love nround Ills nffectlons limy yel Ii'n(1 liim 1 <? the rancherlo on IllR River, which Is not quite lit the eml of tlio world.-Mrs. M. IJ. Ilnyui?, iu (lie " Detroit Free Tress." 