TALES AND SKETCHES. The Dagger and The Cross! By JOSEPH HATTON, Author of *' By Order of Czar," " When Greek meet« Greek,'" "Clytie," Princesa MazarofT," "Cruel London/' "Under the Great Seal," &e.;, &c.; {COPYRIGHT.) ClIArTKR XXXVII.-ZILETTO'S FATAL Om, And BO time passed, and thc village Wake caine on. It waa originally the parochial feast of the dedication of the church. At the time of thia history it had already became whit it remains to-day throughout the Midlands, the principal village holiday of thc year, and it lasted then, it does at thc present day, for a whole week. In the Spring Eyam had ile Well-dressing, and in the Autumn its Wake ; the latter a festival of holiday and mirth, a re- union of friends, a renewal of clothes, a cleaning of houses, and a feast of meat and drink. Thc Village wa« filled with atalla aud booths, itinerant shows, and amusements of all kinds. There were mountebanks and quack doctors, hawkers as valuable as Autolyous, and with aa varied a pack, tumblers, rope- walkers, dancing hears, and every kind of novelty to enterlaio the villagers, and their guesls, and win fi om them large contributions of their savings of the year. Visitors came for miles round, relations, friends, und others, merely on pleasure beut. There was open house right through the village ; and it was remarked that there had never been so gay a feast. It is not improb- able that, instead of the incidentof the murder of Ziletto keeping people away, many came to Eyam for the first time, attracted by a morbid curiosity tc sec the place where the Italian had been killed outside My Lady's Bower, and to catch a glimpse, perhaps, of Mary Talbot, who called herself his widow, and of others who had figured in the trial of Reuben Clegg, whose escape from the prison stronghold was not the least remarkable chapter in this romance of the mountain village. Except that Sir George and bia daughter, while they did not quit the village during the Wake, took so part iu the festival, the event was not shorn of a particle of its gaiety by the tragedy of the Well-dressing. Moreover, Lady Statford-Bradehawe and her husband (with a score of guests in their train) had returned from foreign parts to take up their permanent abode at the Old Hall. The weather was lovely. There bad been ela abundant harvest. And hardly a single gueat left the village until the end of the week, which was made more than ever notable by the Stafford-Bradahawes opening the Old Hall grounds to all comers, first having, in an adjacent meadow, an ox roasted whole and tables and benches set out, with bread and beer enough to feast as many aa cared to partake af the rough but houtst fare. In the twilight, lamps and lanterne were lighted on the lawn, and there was dancing until ten o'clock, Lady Stafford herself and all her guests joining in the festivity, which is re- corded to this day os the last time that the , music of song and dance wns heard within the precincts of tho Old Hall grounda ; and the trampi and mountebanks, the'showmen and pedlars, had barely cleared out of tho village on the Monday, and the miners in the Winship, the weavers in ihe village, -the housekeepers and (armers once more re- turned to their ordinary labours, looking forward to thejiext merry-making, ere the cloud oí a new calamity overshadowed the tragedy of My Lady'» Bower, as Froggart's Edge might, by comparison, blot out a mole- hill ; so dire was it, so overwhelming, and yet so full of heroic inspiration, that Imagina- tion stands confounded at its unparalleled martyrdom. It was on the last day of the Wake that Vicars received a parcel of costumes and 6nery from London that delighted his heart. It would have given him a keener pleasure if the treasures had not come through the medium of the murdered Italian. Ziletto, as we know, bod promised the artistic village tailor samples of the highest London fashions ; and, although it was more especially to Sresent Mary Talbot with certain articles pf ress and personal decoration that he had sent his man to London, with special instruc- tions and provided with ample funds for this purpose, Pedro was to have returned in time for the Well-dressing in May ; but this was only known to master and man, and while the first was dead before the springs of Eyam had been denuded of their brave tributes of Art, the second was still absent, though it was now late August, and the feast the people had talked so much about to Ziletto had come, with its fun and frolic, its merry- making, its happy meetings ot old friends, and its joyous renewals of family tics and old associations. The valet's absence had bsen accounted for-in most minds-by the man's sacrilegious impersonation of the priest, Coal elli, in the union of the hands of Mary Talbot and Giovanni Ziletto ; and the authoriua had en- deavoured to discover the hiding-place of the dead man. So far aa their investigations were concerned, it seems as if from the moment Pedro bad disappeared over the white road leading southwards, bc had be- come invisible ; but it was not easy to follow the comings and goings of men in those days, much less to bring to book delinquents who had fled from tbe scenes of their villainies, and the mysterious attendant of Ziletto was almost forgotten, when Vicars received from him a letter written ic bad English, accom- panying a packing case of clothing, in which there WAS a box directed to Miss Mary Talbot. Thc letter signified that the writer's master, Stonor Giovanni Ziletto, had advised him that in case of delay in procuring the articles for which be had been ordered post- haste to town, he should send them direct to Signor Vicars, who would deliver unto Signorina Talbot the box therein enclosed. It waa his orders that in the event of these goode not being sent to Eyain in time for the ressing of the Wells it might be that his Hood master, Signor Ziletto, might have left Hyam, as it was his intention to do soon after the dressing of the Wella, and in case he could not have the pleasure to present these mementoes himself to Signor Vicars and Signorina Talbot ; they should, therefore, be despatched in thia wise. And whereas he (Pedro Bellini, the Signor's devoted servant), haying been sick by the way and meeting with other delays, the brocades and ribbons, thc stomacher and gloves, desired for Signorina Talbot, had been most difficult to purchase, whereby the gooda had been des- patched at this late period ; on account of which he had deemed this explanation and apology fitting to the unfortunate occasion of so great a postponement, and which he hoped would be duly accounted in the Signorina's regard for the word of his most generous master and good friend. Thc letter was written in a fair and flowing hand, and signed "Pedro Bellini." Vicars unpacked the oostumes with un avidity that was not checked ky recollection of the traJgedy witli which they were associated. It waa in no mercenary spirit that he gloated over the braided jerkins, the silken hose and breeches, the lace ruffles, the gorgeous waistcoats and brocaded bsldrickB and ot her articles of superb tailoring, but ir was the artist within him that was stirred ; all through the Hundred there was not another costumier so eminent in his art aa Vicar«. He was a widower, and had for lodgers one Jamea Cooper, a miner, and li ie wife ; bis household being managed by a servant named Êliza Booth, who had nursed his wife in her last illness. Cooper was enjoying the dosing festivities of thc Wake ; but Mrs. Cooper and Eliza Booth responded to thc call of Vicars, and were entrusted with the care of tho fine bale of goods and the box addressed to Mies Talbot until Iiis return. He was going to the Manor HouBe, he said, and he begged that they would keep the shop locked until his return. He waa anxious that no one should gee the wonderful things until he could arrange them in order and exhibit them, 6rat to bia moat important Patrone, tin. Cooper found Borne of the cloths rather damp, and BuggeBted that Eliza Booth should put frceh logs upon the fire and place some of the articles upon a clothes-horse in the firelight, to which Vicars made no objection, as he made haste to the Manor House to ehow Sir George the letter he had received, and to con- sult him touching the box that waa addreased to his daughter. " I d have thee destroy the box and ita con- tents, whatever they may be," said Sir George. " This letter I» but a furlhur proof of thc man's infamy. It was, thou Beest, his intention to leave Kyam immediately after the Well- dressing. My daughter, in ber in- nocence, would no doubt have us believe that ehe would have accompanied him to bia home in Italy ; but between you and me, Master Vicars, he meant to abscond." " And yet," Bidd Vicar», " this letter goes far to relieve bia man of the suspicion that he was the knave who donned the priestly robes and assumed tile character of Father Coatelli. "Tis so, indeed; for in that event he would hardly have had the audacity to send a letter to theo and give an address. But what is this f Here is an attachment to the rogue's screed ;" and Sir George unfolded what seemed like a postscript, but written in another hand and fastened witbiu the folding of the letter (a bulky document fastened with a ribbon and Bealed with a heavy aeal) which Vicars had read to Sir George and then handed to bim. "Great beavens 1 said Sir George, perusing the brief note, " the man is dead ! " Dead !" eaid Vicars. " 'This is tn certify,' " continued Sir George, reading the document, " 'that he who hath writ th« letter of advice and explanation within to Master Jacob Vicars, of Fyain, in the country of Derby, namely, Pedro Bellini, a foreigner, died of the prevailing epidemic on the 29th day of June, in the parish of Cripplegate; and wc, being his agents for the despatch of the said goodes (having examined his affaires, to the best of our poore opportunities), have forwarded the same, with the letter aforenamed, and beg to endorse the deceased Pedro Bellini's explana- tion of delay ; and, with our deep regrets and condolences, beg to remain, your obedient Servantes,-John Hayward Brothers and C.nmnnnv Enj»t« HIIPAT,P "? " Pedro Bellini-huff Spanish, half Italian," said Sir George, refolding the letter ; " and Signor Roubillac eaid the fellow was a Frenchman 1" " Poor man I" said Vicars. " Whatever his nation, he soon followed his master. 'Twas a faithful servant ; we must surely acquit bim of the crime of vile impersona- tion." " Perhaps," said Sir George, as if not thinking of Vicar's remark or his own reply. " The prevailing siokness : that means the Plague, Vicars. I thought the scourge had come to an end ; the man Ziletto spoke ot il as so far diminished when he arrived in Eyam, I recall, that he said the people were return- ing to their homes and houses of business; and further-more, that the Court was about tn remove from Bampton to London. Lady Stafford and the Bradshawes lived abroad during the pestilence. Pray God there be no contamination in thy goods, Vicars 1" "Contamination !" said Vicars. "They be new, fresh from the loom and the needle. Contamination ! May, Sir George, that were impossible ; and if they had even been clothes the dead had worn, surely such a journey, by road and water, would purify them." " Maybe, maybe," said Sir George ; " but ] would advise thee to tuite counsel with Mistress Debbs, and subject thy treasures, af thou callest them, to such disinfection as may give assurance of their sweetness. There arc such unguents and solees, herbs and othen antidotes, that, being burned and the smoke thereof penetrating tapestries and fabrics, linens and clothes of all kinds, will destroy any lurking posison of tbe air, that might be contamination if neglected. 'Tis a terrible scourge, tbe Plague, Master Vicars. In the bills of motality that aame pariah of Cripple gate hath beeb serriooely afflicted." " But these goods do come from East Chepe, Sir George ; and as I have said, they are new ; they shine with gilt and B¡Iver braidings ; they are silks and satins richly brocaded j new, Sir George ; never been worn ; fit for a prince's fancy, and as sweet as tbe striell of s bayfield." But when Vicars returned to his house and unlocked his little shop, his servant and Mrs. Cooper told him that two of the jerkinB were as damp as the new-mown grass. They heaped up the logs on a brisk fire, and Vicars burnt brimstone and some curious essences that Mrs. Dobbs had given him, though he was actuated more by a desire to dry the clothing than to purify it, so completely did he set aside what he regarded as Sir George's old-womanish notions of the possible need of purification. Yet, even as be swung the kind of censer Mrs. Dobbs had given him for distributing about the room the vapour of her decoctioin of herbs, he was Beised with a sudden sickness, aa also was Eliza Booth ; and before thc night was over Mrs. Coop.r had also been carried to bed. There was no regular practitioner of J medioine in Eyam. The barber was an adept at blood-letting. There was many local re ! medies for the various ills of the parish, and tbe Bector and his wife were generally looked to for the material aud medical assistance. There was the customary bone-setter, toi; and from time immemorial the village had not appeared to need any other assistance, except thc midwife, who brought them into the world, and tbe grave-digger, who put them into their everlasting bens. The *' quality" of the district occasionally obtained advice from the faculty in the nearest large town, and the ducal and lordly owners of the palaces of the Peak moBtly kept a doctor among their retainers. The only resource of Vicars and his fellow-Bufferers lay iu the remedies of Mrs. Mompesson, the prayera of her husbaud, and the varied advice of the viii ige at large ; but within three days there appeared upon the breast of their first patient a round purple mark, aud he died. He was scarcely buried when the fatal sign appeared upon I bc person of Eliza Booth. She died the same day; followed, almost immediately, by the death of Mrs. Co.iper. All unconscious of any evil against the village, hie selfish passion only contemplating the fall of Mary Talbot, Uiovanni Zilettoeven in the grave, had smitten Eyam u ith death in its most hateful form. Th« virus had come from London in his lavish gifts of 6nery, and his messenger bad started it ou its way with Iiis dying bands. It was the Plague. CHAPTER XXXVIII.-A GRIM FIRESIDE. One night, when a whispering group of villagers were sitting before the fire in the house-place of the Crown and Anchor, trying by companionship to give each other courage, there suddenly appeared in their midst the form and figure of Reuben Clegg. It was as if he had come through the wall. No one had heard him come through the door, no ono had seen him enter the room. They were too much engaged when he lifted the latch to take note of any thing beyond their own fears. Their ranks were being gradually thinned by au enemy there was no grappling with. The Rector had failed to persuade Iiis wife to seek shelter among friends beyond the grim pale of infection, bhe was delicate, and tho least attack might easily break her down. She would not leave her huBband ; but submitted to the children being sent away to friends in Yorkshire. Mompcsson hitnaelf worked from morning till night', day by day, among the Bick. He was seconded by his colleague, the inhibited Stanley! They gave the people both medicinal and spiritual relief. Sir George Talbot wa; foremost in providing necessaries for all whom he bad time to visit. Mary Talbot went about with the burden of maternity. Vicars and the chief carpenter of the village were both dead. The Constable had lost his daughter. Mrs. Clegg seemed to live a charmed life, faeing every dauger with the faith of nure religion and the patience of a saint God had saved her son, though she hsd never seen him since the day when the law condemned hint to a cruel death, and He would preserve ber aa long aa He bad work for her to do. It was late in November. The trees were bare. A few ragged rooks were calling to each other in protest against the rain. Mom peason had prayed for tho purifying, driving wind of heaven. Instead, there hung over thc doomed village a pall-like cloud. Reuben Clegs, gaunt of limb, with eyes sunk deep and beard unkempt, had made his way from his laat hidine-vloce conscious of some disaster happening to thoee who loved, though ignor- ant of thc nature of thc trouble. It might well be that he would have no newe of it, living, as he had done, from band to mouth, avoiding towns and villages except at night time. Continually in expectation of arrest he was determined never to be taken alive. Outcast of God and man, in revolt against his Maker, defiant of heaven and earth, a victim as be felt, of both, there was still the love 6f a son burning in hiB heart for that dear grey little woman Tu her cottage above the glen where that mysterious hand had reaohed out of the darkness to slay Ziletto. He bad also continued to nurture an undying affection for the woman 'vhu had chosen the man that betrayed her rather than himself, who would have been her willing slave and laid down his life freely to save her an aching finger. They were counting up thc dead, thia little group of men titting over the November fire, and it waa one Marshall Howe who named them, for he had buried most of them, the regular grave-digger having succumbed to the disease ; and they shuddered as he enumerated them :-Jacob Vicars, Edward Cooper, Thomas Thorpe, Sarah Sydali, Mary Thorpe, Matthew Bands, Elizabeth Thorpe, Margaret Bands Richard Sydall, William Torre, Sythe Torre, Alice Torre, William Torre, John Sydall, Ellen Sydall, Martha Bands, Jonathan Bagge, Thomas Thorpe, Alice Sydall, John Stubbs, Hugh Stubbs, Ann Stubbs, Jonathan Cooper, Humphrey Hawks worth, and so on, the pathos of the list lying in the repetition of names, that indicated the Bweepiugaway of entire families. " Fill your glasses, men," said Marshall Howe, folding up his list of Hie dead ; " 'tis being down-hearted makes you sweat with fear ; 'tis best to sweat with drink. Come, Radford, hi there ! 'Tis my turn. Let us have another gallon of thy possel, man, and cheer thee 1" With all his well-acted geniality, Marshall Howe was hardly the man to cheer the company. He smelt of death. It might well have seemed that he carried the plagne about in bis clothes, for he buried folk straightway in their own, himself acting as undertaker and sexton. It was thought that a man re- covering from an attack of the epidemic had immunity from further danger. Marshall Howe had fought the enemy and conquered, and he feared it no more. " Get thee about thy business, Marshall," said Radford ; " we do not like thy office ; take thy whack of drink, *ana get thee gone. Thou art too noisy for us ; 'tis like blood money, the fees thou a.-t taking, to say nowt about the clothes and goods of what thou callest thy clients." " Ha ! lia ! ha !" shouted Marshall, a giant of a men, with great hands and a broad dumpy face, thick heavy lips and limbs like unto a deformed Hercules. " Come on, then. Gi'e me my mug, and fill it to the brim ; as hot as blazes !" And every man thought he alone Baw Reuben Clegg standing by all the time, for they reckoned he was a ghost ; but when Marshall Howe had scorched his capacious throat with the burning liquor and bad passed out into I he muggy night, Reuben said. " Neighbours, old friends, givo me a drink -uot ont of bis mug-1 am starving; and tell me what has happened in the village." It was Longstaue who rose op and took the speaker's hand, but Radford who spoke, saying, " Dammit, Reuben lad, I'm blamed if I didoa' think it vas thy ghost I Welcome, lad, welcome 1" And he filled him a mug of ale posset, with a dried apple on the top, and called to bis wife to bring the chine of beef and put it on tho table ; for Radford, from the first, had argued that the best antidote to the Plague was beef and beer ; and when Mrs Radford entered the room, she too shook handB with Clegg, and said be had come to the City of Destruction, but life was a poor business at best, and 'twould be better to die among friends than perish of hunger flying from an uojustlaw. " Amen I Amen ! ' said the half-dozen villagers, in the loudest tones they had spoken for days, ".Amen 1" "Thank you, Mrs. Radford," said Reuben, sitting down to Iiis meat and eating raven- ously. When he had somewhat appeased his appetite, he asked again what had came over the village. They answered that it was the Plague ; and they sp:>ke it as if it was a cry, and the very walls seemed to echo it. " The Plague I the Plague !" Reuben shuddered, for ho had read of the scourge in bis bookB of Eastern travel, and he knew that there was no fighting this enemy with swords and pistol?, nor combating it with prayer ; for the latter remedy had ever been tried unavailingly-at least, so he reckoned. " The Plague !" he said, his face blanching in spite of the warmth of his beaker of hot ale. ^ "The Plague! And was it a list of the dead that yonder giant, who has just left, was countim? un?" " Ay, more's the pity," said Radford. " And my mother t "Thy mother," said Mrs. Radford, "is God's angel ; she walks in the pestilence unscathed. " The dear old soul !'' he exclaimed. "And the widow Zfietto-Sir George's duughterî" "Turn thy ateps towards Manor House, and thou shalt hear her bairn cry and moan that 't¡B born into such a pitiful world," said Mrs. Radford, " 'Tis a day old, come eight o' the clock." Reuben did not reply to this, but asked for tobacoo and sat him down with thc rest, and said never a ward until Longstaffe rose to say gond-uight ; and even then not a man ventured to ask Clegg how be hod come there, and if he were not afeard of thus exposing himself to discovery, wheu in walked one of the most dejected ngurcs to be seen in all the village, Constable liakin. Mrs Radford had lighted no candles, and the villagers preferred to ait in the ingle-nook, lighted only by the buming logs, lt was u rare thing in the cottages to have any other light, except for the reading of a chapter in the Bible last thing, "I've come to Bay good-bye, neighbours," said the Constable, in a sepulchral voice. " Nay, you'n said that too often, Dakin ; we'n tired of it" " It's the last time, friend LongBtaffe. I'm mortal Biok thia night, I tell thee-mortal sick ; took oe my daughter waa,-God rest her 1-I shall he a subject for Marshall Howe i' the morning, mek no doubt of it j and BO I come to cay Good-nigh I." Then there roBo up in the firelight thc gaunt figure of Reuben Clcgg. The men in the ingle-nook made way for him, that he might face his enemy, aud the Constable stepped back a pace or two, not knowing what manner of man this might be who seemed to risc out of the shadow and dominate the room. " Thou wert always a liar, Humphrey Dakin, but this time, it may be, tbouspeakest tho truth-so Good-night to thee and Good- bye. Trum mc, 1 will lend a hand at thy burial !" " Reuben Clcgg 1" gasped Dakin, clutching the arm of the settle, where thu other mou had risen from their seats. " I've dreamt o' thee ivvcry night since they took thee out to hang thee, ls it lime, i' the flesh I" " Ay, I'm Reubon Clcgg. thin and apare enough to be Reuben Clcgg'a shadow ; but I'm the man thou lied almost into bis grave, thou blister of humanity, thou-" " Nay," said the Constable, feebly stretch- ing out a protesting hand, " nay donnât curse me. Let me a be. I Bhanna' trouble thee long, and, warrant or uo warrant, I lay no moro hands on thee. It was my hatred o' thee, fear likewise, that made me want thee out o' the road. Canst forgive met" "Forgive thee! No, not if it would ease (hoe o' the torments of the hell thou believ'st in, wi' all its burning brimstone, thou perjured villian ! Get thee forth, and die !" The Constable fell prone before hie enemy, as if he had been struck a murderous blow. Several hands went to his assistance, and lifted him into the corner scat of the settle, and Longataffe rebuked Clegg roundly. "Twas thy overbearing temper and thy pride that was thy ruin, Reuben Clegg. It was fairly said on the part o' the Constable ; he as good as confessed lils wrong to thee, and asked thy forgiveness humbly-'twas only a Christian thing to have said him nay civilly, without curses and words bitter as gall and murderous as a knife. Think better of it, Reuben." " Vou talk of civility that have never felt the rack ; you talk of forgiveness that have never felt the sting of the brand of Cain, conscious alt the time of your own own innocence. Think that over, Master I ang staffe ; there ia a les- on in it. I beor thee no malice, lad, nor Radford, nor any of you : I've often remembered you kindly ; but none of you have suffered as I have." And he Btrodc forth to the door, and no one stayed him. As lie lifted the latch he turned, and, directing his voice to the corner where Dakin was reviving from the shock of his attack, he said : "Goodnight, owd 'Wait a bit:' donnât wait any longer ; keep thy word for once. Good-night, Judas !" fTobe continued. ) 