THE PAULTST FATHERS IN AMERICA. « THEIR WORK AMONG NON- CATHOLICS. CATHOLICITY AND EPISCOP- ALIANISM. At the Paulist Church, New York, re cently, before a large assemblage of non- Catholics, the lecture turned on the above subject. The lecturer (Father Elliott) asked : Did Christ found one, and only one, Church ? He took for his text St. Matt, xvi. 13-19 : "And Jesus came into the quarters of Caesarea Philippi, and he asked His dis ciples, saying, Who do' men say that the Son of Man is ? But they said, Some John the Baptist, and some Elias, and others Jeremias, or one of the prophets. Jesus saith to them, But who do you say that I am? Simon Peter answered and said, thou art Christ the Son of the living God. And Jesus answering said unto him: Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona, because flesh and blood hath not revealed it to thee, but My Father, who is in heaven. And I say to thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and tlie gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth it shall be bound also in heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth it shall be loosed also in heaven." In the course of . his address Father Elliott said : I have read this text from St. Matthew because all Catholics believe that the doctrines and institution of what is called the Papacy are essential to Chris tian unity, towards which the Protestant Episcopal Church seems to be ever con tinually yearning. I have frankly stated the solution of the difficulty, as Catholics view it, between us and our Episcopal friends. We have the greatest possible affection for Episcopalians, and notjonly so because so large a number of Mends came from Episcopalianism to the Catholics, but for many other valid reasons. In this Paulist community of ours there are many of those labouring who were at one time members of the Protestant Episcopal Church. Five Catholic priests started it, and of those five Father Hewitt, Father Deshon, Father Walworth,, and Father Baker were Episcopalians, and only one, Father Hecker, the founder, was at one time an unbeliever. There are various men in that denomination who are study ing the subject in a sort of tremor, afraid that they have got to come in, and those are not few. This is another particular reason why we have an affection for the Episcopal Church. similarity of doctrine. Then they hold the same truths that we hold, and in the same sense that we hold them. They also believe in the need of the Church; that our Lord Jesus Christ was an organiser of society, as well as a teacher of doctrine, and that that society is as much a truth as any of His other doctrines. They also believe that one is obliged to join that society when he or she finds it out in just the way as they are obliged to accept the truth when they find it out. The Episcopalians have also the divine view of the Catholic brotherhood in this world, and therefore our hearts go out to them. They have a well-conducted ministry, a powerful body of laity — leading men with great religious earnestness — among them. A very considerable num ber of them believe in the Real Presence, but can I say that they have it. I cannot say it. Frankly, I do not believe they have a true priesthood, but I trust that that does not interfere with the upright- eousness of their consciences. These have ever a warm place in our hearts. Our Episcopal brethren also know the value and beauty of harmony in religion ; this is almost an instinct, and how loudly we hail it as something to be desired. Then they believe in episcopacy in the Church ; they believe in the Real Presence ; they believe in a yearning sense in Christian unity, for if they had Christian unity among them, would they not struggle all the more for its spread ? But what is the fact ? In this city you have a microcosm of the whole Episcopal world, and here there are Episcopal ministers, who proclaim from the pulpit doctrines which avow that Christ is not God ; that He did not rise from the dead. Others again proclaim the whole totality of Catholic doctrine except the infallibility of the Pope. all this is but a parody upon unity a mockery. The lecturer then went into a lengthy exposition of the text in support of the Catholic doctrine of unity, as understood by Catholics, and also proved the headship I of Peter and the perpetuation of the primacy in Rome in unbroken succession up to the present time. He asked them what they made of the words in the passage of Scripture he had quoted. It meant (he said) permanence, perpetuity, security. He further cited that passage from the 22nd chapter of St. Luke, on that memorable occasion just before our Saviour was about to be put to death, and after that scene in | which Jesus had made several attempts to save Judas, when he said ; " Peter, Peter, Satan has sought to have thee, but I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not." Again, from St. John xxi., where Jesus after His resurrection, asks Petea the question : Simon, lovest thou me more than these ? " repeated three times. These and others were the texts upon which the Christian had relied for fifteen hundred years, without being questioned, and upon which there was a full Scriptural basis for the power of Peter's successors, for the trust did not die with Peter, but existed to-day, as the same or even greater necessity existed. Peter's Name First Everywhere. Peter's name was first everywhere, both in Matthew's list and Luke's list. He was the first to have his feet washed at the Last Supper, and the first to see Jesus after the resurrection. He preached the first sermon after the Holy Ghost had descended upon the Apostles, and on hearing which 3000 converts were made ; he also preached the second sermon, when 5000 converts were made. Peter also worked the first miracle, presided at the first council of the Apostles, and established the .first bishopric in Rome. Wherefore, looking at all those points in their true light, Father I Elliott said that Christian unity was possibly within measurable distance, if only Protestant brethren would consider the bearing of Scripture on disputed points. At any rate, there was this fact, that the Catholic Church was to-day, after so many years of persecution, the most universal of all denominations whose organization of unity is visible, whose court is open to all, and whose decisions are by divine right. "why do catholics go to confession so often r The contents of the question-box re vealed the above among several other questions. In answering, Father Elliott said he was afraid some Catholics did not go there so often. Confession not only forgave mortal sin, but also venial off ences, and it also gave Catholics power and grace to resist sin in the future. It was, besides, a deep blessing to accuse ourselves of past unforgiven sins. catholics and freemasons. " Why are Catholics not allowed to be come Freemasons ? " Beoause in Freemasonry there are things which are morally wrong, and consequently the Catholic Church is opposed to the system. First, there was the oath which had the death penalty attached to it, so that a person who violated it subjected himself to death — to have his body cut in four quarters and thrown into the sea at low tide. Again, Masonry was a sort of religion — they had their particular forms of worship, their creed, and their code of morality. In Europe, South America, and one or two other countries Masons were opposed not only to the Catholic religion but to all Christianity. protestant sponsors in baptism. " Can a Protestant man be sponsor in the Catholic Church ? " No ; it is not permitted. marriage in protestant churchbs. "Can a Catholic girl get married in a Protestant church ? " i i es, sne can ; out sue ougnr nor xo ao ax. l it is a grievous sin against her conscience. She should seek celebration of the saora- I ment in her own church. the lesser of two evils. "Is it ever necessary to be between two evils ? If so, is it a sin to choose the smal ler one if we must choose one or the other?" It sometimes happens that we have to choose the lesser of two evils, but in this case we do not choose ; we are forced along the way in which the least harm is done. I For instance, a man who is defending his child from a burglar has got either to see his child killed by the burglar or to kill the burglar in self-defence. He chooses the latter, being the lesser of the two evils. where cain got his wife. " Adam and Eve had two sons, Cain and Abel. Cain killed Abel ; where did he get his wife, and where did Cain's descendants come from ?" Cain did not go into the land of Nod, as many suppose, to get a wife there. Neither were Cain and Abel the only sons of Adam and Eve. There was Seth, for instance, and no one knows how many more. How ever, after the lapse of years, Cain must have married one of his nieces, or perhaps one of his sisters, from the necessity of the case.. protestants go " straight " up to heaven. "If Protestants are taken straight to heaven, where do Catholics go to, and why should they go to purgatory ?" Father Elliott said he hoped the ques tioner did not suppose that purgatory was the exclusive place of Catholics. Catholics j and Protestants go to purgatory if they die in venial sin, and until they have been fully prepared for the kingdom of heaven. why catholics genuflect. " Why do Catholics genuflect before going to their places in church ?" | Because they believe the Blessed Re deemer is present, and they therefore bow the knee to Him. They know He is present when they see the light burning before the altar. the rosary ; what is it ? " What is the meaning of the Rosary, and what do they say on the beads ?" Father Elliot explained the composition of the Rosary beads, consisting of fifty- nine beads altogether, their being five large ones and five decades of smaller ones. On each large bead there was said the Lord's Prayer, and each of the small ones of each decade there was repeated the angelic salutation, with that part added by the I Church, beginning with "Holy Mary, Mother of God," &c.; Then for each decade there is in contemplation one or other of the fifteen mysteries : "The resurrection of our Lord from the dead." " His ascension into heaven," " the descent of the Holy Ghost," " the assumption of the Blessed | Virgin Mary," "the coronation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Heaven," &c.; The real essence of the Rosary was the prayer of the mind that was going on during the recitation of the " Hail Marys " and " Holy Marys," in dwelling upon one or other of the above subjects. the stations of the cross. "What was the stations of the cross, and why do people go round ? " They are pictures of our Saviour's sufferings from the time He was condemned by Pilate until he was placed in the sepulchre. Catholics, in going around the stations, make the sorrowful journey in spirit with our Lord, and contemplate in the meantime each stage of His sufferings, while the choir chants forth the Stabat Mater. I AXXXh dftVV ikrUJ DAJJ VAXiUN . "Will the J ew have any hope of heaven ? " He will if he is honest, and if he thinks he is right, God will take that into account. If he thinks he is wrong he is bound to ex amine and find out where to get right. protestant chances "Will the Protestant who has a chance I of salvation, and who willingly rejects it, and who has a chance of learnmg the truth, and does not embrace it, get to heaven. "I do not judge any man," said Father Elliott, " but sins against the Holy Spirit are very serious ones." abstinence and celibacy. One of the last questions asked was "Why the Catholic Church commanded her children to abstain from all flesh meat and forbade her clergy to marry ? " Father Elliott reminded them of the many texts of Scriptures bearing on fasting and abstinence. "As long as the bride groom is with the children, the children need not fast, but the day shall come when the bridgroom shall be taken from the children, and in those days shall they fast." Others were also quoted and evidence ad duced to show the instution as old as the Church itself. With regard to the celibacy of the clergy, he reminded his hearers that they accepted this state from their own free choice, and after long years of prayer, trial, and preparation. They had selemnly dedicated themselves to God. The Catholic Church alone had elevated marriage into a sacrament and made it as holy as our Lord Himself could make it. No other Christian denomination did this. Again alluding to fasting, the lecturer said it was a reason able and a wholesome way of subduing sin by keeping down the passions. — New York Freeman's Journal. 