ADELAIDE HAHMONIE SOCIETY. At $ho Bijou Theatre on Saturday evening the Adelaide Harmonic* Society opened a short season with Planquette'a sparkling comic opera, 'Lea Cloohes de Oorneville,' after many weeks of 'careful rehearsal under the musical direction of Herren Tan der Leye and Hoinicke and the stage management of Mr. J. H. Lyons. Among the numerous operatic societies which have at various times been formed in Adelaide the Harnionie Society is rightly entitled to the premier place. Since its inauguration 11 years ago a number of operas have been suc cessfully staged, including such works as 'Boccaccio,' 'Tho Lily of Killarney,' 'Madamo Angot,' 'The Grand Duchesse,' and ' Nell Gwynne.' So \vell have these been staged that it not surprising that the Bijou was crowded on Saturday evening, among those present being his Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Miss Buxton, Miss Harrner, Captain Wallington, and Mr. Conybeare. The production was quite up to expectations, being generally excellent. The scenery, specially painted for the occasion by Mr. Till and assistants, was appropriate and pretty, the dresses bright, and the grouping of the chorus and tableaux striking, while the dancing, especially that in the opening of tlie third act, was a feature of tlie performance. The main objection that could be found was that the piece was too L-ig for the stage. The orchestra, under the conduotorship of Herr Heinickeand led by Mr. A. C. Quin, gave ex cellent account of itself in the overture and inter-act parts, but showed a want of rehearsal in places, and occasionally made itself objec tionable to tho chorus and principals in its accompaniments. The part of Serpolette gave Miss Jeannie Nelson great opportunities for displaying both her vocal and histrionic powers, and of these she took every advantage. She threw that amount of life and vigor into her portrayal of | the obstreperous and high-handed protege of I old Gaspard which are essential to bo unruly 1 and autocratic a damsel, who full of the thoughts of her unknown parentage and persuading herself that »he must be some lady of high degree, at least a duchess, acts in a manner that according to her notion of things is suitable and proper for such a rank. The scorn and contempt with which she treats the village girls, her rebellion against the servitude in which old Gaspard places her, her high jjense of her own im portancowhen in thojgiird act she imagine? she has discovered henjelf to be the duchesa she dreamt of, and.; her disgust when she discovered he©- mistake — through all this the ever present gaucherie of the irrepressible country v^aif were all cleverly and consistently pictured by Miss Nolson, and her singing throughoutiwas all 'that could be desired. Such songs m 'I may be princess' and ' Look at that, mnd look at this were heard to the very best advantage as given by Miss Nelson, and several of her .numbers had to be repeated. Miss Rosie Monten proved herself to be an artistio and pretty little actress as Germaine, the supposed niece of Gaspard, though in her 'singing she showed evidence of suffering from a Bevere oold, In spite of this she gave the numerous solos that came to her lob sweetly and with a taste that won marked approval, her 'Bells of Corneville' with the 'Ding dong' chorus having to be thrice re peated, while more than one of her duets with Mr. Nitschke met with a similar fate. Mr. R. Nitschke as the Marquis de Corneville had ample opportunities of displaying his powers as a vocalist in such songs as ' With joy my heart baa often bounded,' and though his dialogue was rather spoilt by hi3 too constant need of the prompter's assistance, he was more than once compelled ? . to respond to an enthusiastic recall. Mr. F. P. Eaves made his first appearance in a serious character as Gaspard, and it is enough to say that the performance was one of the best in which he lias been seen. His portrayal of the character of this sordid and grasping old miser showed a deal of careful study. Indeed it was in every way all that could be desired. His tyrannical treatment of those in his power, his cringing fawning demeanor towards those who eould help him, his secret vindictive malice and hatred towards those who came in his way were all finely marked by the actor. In tbe scene in the ghost-haunted castle whero ho is seen gloating over his hoarded gold Mr. Eaves excelled himself. His fear when he heard a sound as of someone moving in tlie castle and hastily tries to hide his secret wealth was as aptly displayed as was his horror when he saw the shrowded figures that enter the room and mistook them for the spirits of the ,^,. bells ; tbe bolls of Corneville, of which it was said they would ring out on the day the young marquis camo home. This turns the old man's thoughts back to earlier days, and a gentler feeling enters his breast. Then tho utter dread and horror that seizes his whole being when the young marquis reveals himself was. portrayed with life-like intensity, and won general recognition. Mr. J. H. Lyons makes the best of his opportunities as the Bailee with his vast idea of his own importance as the im bodiment of the law, an essential characteristics of tho composition of the bailee in comio opera; and Mr. Price makeB Gobo, the bailee's clerk, a most ridiculous and amusing personage. Mr. Albert Hawkes is not by any means a born actor, but as Grenicheuse, the scheming fisherboy, he has ample opportunity of displaying his powers as a vocalist, and this he does most efficiently. Miss E. Roberts was a pretty and graceful Susanne, and the minor parts were filled by the Misses Searcy, Clark, Pizey, and Mr. Bradley, who all acquitted themselves satisfactorily. 