THE GEM FINDEKS. Parti. The little pearl vessel, as if instinot with life and tho desire to preserve it, racei! ahead . fugitive-like, and each moment brought the craft within a safer circle. The high promontories of Capes Bougainville and Londonderry warded off tho worst part of tho storm, and consequently it was only a portion Of tllO rieht wintr of thn rirmilnr storm which struck tho Lueinda. It was well for thoso on board that it was so. As Captain Preston saw the foam-laslicd waves coming on and listened to tho shrieking wind he felt thrilled with anxiety as to the result. Iu-a few momonts tho storm waB upon them. Every man threw himself flat on deck and clung to whatever ho could. In a second tho boat hoeled and Preston maidc suro Bhe was about to capsize. Like a cork, however, the craft righted, and with a velocity and tumbling which almost took away the breath of those on board rushed ahead as if eager to keep up with tho fore front of the wind. There was not an inch of canvas spread, but tho fury of the storm made up for this lack. During tho interval between Preston and Barrows' conversa tion the movables on deck had been secured, yet in somo cases the ropes snapped and they were blown awoy. ' We would have had littlo ohance out there,' the mate romarked to Preston, pointing as he spoke towards a spot about two miles to the north- west. ' If we had delayed one minute in run ning in here nothing could bave saved ns,' tho captain answered. This conversation was maintained at the top of their voices, for tho noise made by the conflicting wind and water was tre mendous. It wassoon apparent to thetwomen that the worst danger was over. The Lueinda was rapidly making for the comparatively calm water of Cambridge Gulf, and in half an hoar that haven was reached. Ono of the Malays had been washed or thrown overboard when the full force of the hurri cane struck tho vessel, and this was the only loss or injury to life. A few movables of little value bad also gone, but, on the whole, Captain PreBton had reason to con gratulate himself on the result. Anchor was cast near the mouth of tbe Victoria River, and it was decided to remain in the naroor ior a kw uu_y «. At that time the locality was absolutely uninhabited by white men. Tribes of fierce and dangerous aboriginals wore known to live along the upper reaches of the Victoria and they occasionally made excursions to the coast. Preston and Barrows had visited the harbor several times, but had not gone inland. On this occasion it was fated that they should make a departure from that course. As they sat during the evening in the cabin, the conversation led to a topic that was then being voiced throughout Australasia. Tho probability of there being auriferous deposits in the locality bad been mooted in some mysterious way. Two hundred years before gold was Baid to have been discovered by che buccaneer Dampier on the north west coast, and in somo of the old Dutch charts this part is marked Provincia A urifera. In all times gold has had a potent in fluence on the fortuues of individuals and nations alike. Though we call this the Age . of Iron . it is essentially tho Age of Gold — if not the ' Golden Age.' Gold is the great modern magician, more powerful and ubiquitous than the genii of old. It can attract men and women from tho uttermost ends of the earth and cause the wilderness to blossom liko the roBe. It rears, Aladdin-liKO, palaces and temples from the barren fearth, and elevates or degrades humanity at will. it wau ufcbie wouuer tnou, as rrcsiou and Barrows sat in the cabin on that 21st November, 1S65, that their thoughts should revert to such an all- absorbing subject. They were on the verge of a practically unknown land, yet of which strange tidings liad been whispered. From these slumber ing solitudes a vocal breath had been carried into regions where the never-ceasing energy and enterprise of man prevailed. More than abj;iiva attempt had been made to pierce tho gloom which enshrouded that mysterious land. The golden apples in tbe gardens of the Hesperides, it is fabled, were guarded by sleopless dragons which breathed fire, but these monsters wero as nothing to the barriers which kept ward over the mineral treasures of North-West Australia. Vast stretches of sandy desert upon which tho tropical sun beat down with torrid fury extended their waterless wastes far along. In places, that mo3t ter rible production of tho Australian in terior, the Spinifex or porcupine grass cropped out of the parched plains, and pre sented a rampartof forbiddinganddangerous vegetation, which waB the dread of the ex plorer. The M ulga scrub; a kind of acacia bush, armed with strong and sharp spines and generally matted together with other scrubs, and frequently quite im penetrable, presented a formidable obstacle to the prying curiosity, of man. The rivers wero mostly huge flood chabhelsi and woe to the luckless explorer who trusted to them for his water supply. In winter vast lakes were to be seen, but they were as salt as the Dead Sea, and in summer merely beds of half-dried mud. From out the.level plains precipitons hills rose abruptly, but they were as barren and uninteresting as tho surrounding- country. Nature seemed blasted so far as vegetable life was con cerned, except along a mere fringe of the coast where nne forests existed. In conformity with that eternal law of compensation the comparative absence of animal and vegetable life of a useful kind was, without doubt, balanced by mineral wealth. At least, that was the view which Preston and his companion took of the matter. ' Now that wo'are in this out-of-the way placo, Barrows, we might spend a few days prospecting around,' he said. ' Yes, our timo is our own, and we can not do much pearling for the next wcclc,' came the answer. ' ? ? ? — — - - - ... It might here - be mentioned that the Lueinda was jointly owned by its captain and mate, so that they could do as thoy pleased in the matter of going or.remain ing. ' There mnst surely be some foundation for the rumors that are floating about. You romember what that ' old hand ' told us at Shark Bay. Ho was pretty plain about gold being in this locality. I wish we bad brought him along,' Preston said. '.Well, wo didn't expect to come BO for north this time,' answered Barrows. 'He said there was gold to be found right from Boebuck Bay to tho northern coast,' doggedly persisted tho captain. ' We can lose nothing by having a hunt round this place, at any rato. Iu fact, we might sail a few miles up the river. There u plenty oi water just now,' replied the mate. . . ' Ye«, that is a good idea, and a safe one. It is easier and safer to gp through the water than over the land' in this region, the captain returned. ' We will make a start at daybreak,' ho added. This decision having been arrived at. the two men retired, but wero out of their b:±rl\be!™ dayIi8ht. nt'J making preparations for a start The Victoria is one of the largest rivers on tho north-west :o^;vc„con,iE-t' and take* its w f h rr °',i !' a ru n nin8 east arid west, called the Dividing Range. It is about 150 miles in length, and navjgabb for small vessels during a portion ot the year for a considerable distance above its estnary. The Lueinda had little difficulty to ascending about seven miles. The cur rent was sluggish, and tho wind favorable. On the muddy banks, basking in the sun, numbers of alligators, both largo and small could be seen, whilst others again floated on the water, their backs level with jt, like dark logs. At a sheltered bend whero a small creek ran into tho river Preston anchored the Lueinda. He wanted, amongst other things, a supply of fresh water, and he would be able to obtain it at the place. A little more to the east a hill rose abruptly out of the level plain to a height of four or five hundred feet, and the captain decided to at onee climb this eminence and take a ? survey of tho locality. As blacks might be met with, himself, BarrowB, and the two Malays they took with them were well armed, and felt quite able to repel any ordinary attack from tho aboriginals. The intervening country was not hard to travel over. The region of Mulga and Spinifex was far inland, and the ocean moistnro had assisted to promote a tropical vegetation. Along thebanksof tho river grew ac&cias;, palms, small bamboos, 'cabbage trees' and similar vegetation, but thoy did not extend far back. The distance to the hill' was scon covered, and the ascent commenced';' This was not so easy a job. The sides rose' singularly steep and almost devoid of vege tation, Bave a coarse, tufty grass which clothed them in places with a brown garb. Amongst these wild flowers of different hues sprapg ont, and they relieved the mono tonous appearance. On the summit being reached a fine view was obtainable. In various directions ranges and isolated peaks could be seen with intervening plains, some of which were wooded. Preston was scanning the surrounding district with his telescope when the mate touched him on the arm. ' Look 1' he exclaimcd, ' What is that !' Away down in the valley below, a small object moved. The captain's telescope was immediately turned on the object. , ' Oh, it is a darkie,' Preston said after a few moments' survey. He watched the slow, moving figure for a couple of minute, and then exchimed — 'There is a large camp down there, 1 think. We might take a ' lunar'.' The 'lunar' meant apparently that the party should reconnoitre the aborginal camp, for, headed by the captain, theymoved away down the side of the hill which led to it. A low scrub afforded indifferent cover for a portion of the distance, and then a belt of ? * ran into the valley. Without diffi culty Preston and his companions managed to get within a quarter of a mile of the camp, and obtain a full view of it. There were upwards of thirty aboriginals to be seen, of whom more than half were 8'ns. and picaninnies. Most of them were reclining or sitting against tho rough sun shades which had been crected. 'Have a look at that fellow standing near the palm on the right,' Preston said to Barrows, handing him at the same time the telescope. .The mate of the Lueinda took a long view at the person indicated, and then, turning to the captain, exclaimed in a deep voice anu with a strange pallor on his bronzed face : ' By Heavens, Preston, that's a white man !' Silently Preston took tho telescope again from his companion, and looked earnestly at tho unconscious object which had attracted the absorbed attention of the two men. He was standing motionless near a hugs kianga, or ' blackboy,' a magnifient and useful species_ of palm wbicb grew in- the locality. Hia appearance was quite different from any of tho dusky group _ mate looked puzzled for »? lew moments, and then answered : — ' Well, it might be, yet I scarcely dare think so. It fa seventeen years since tidings wero heard of Loichhardt or his party, but ii it is not tho leader of that ill-fated expedi tion, it must surely be ono of the followers. 1 No other white mau could be in such a posr tion.' ''That is why I am certain it is cither Lcichhardt or one of his men. They have been traced as far as the Sturt Range, and it would not be very difficult to get this far. Ouce here, the only thing to do would be to fraternise with the blacks and live with them. We must find out the mystery some how,' Preston replied. ' That may not be an easy matter. Do you not see the tribe is on a fighting ex pedition. They are painted with white clay, and must belong to the Ngurla tribe which is one of the worst in the district. I fear they would show strong fight against so small a party,' the mate said. ' Let us go back to the boat and get more men. A night attack will pro bably avoid bloodshed,' Captain Prestou answered. ' The aborginals all over the continent have a horror of a night attaok, especially if it is carried out in a certain manner. They firmly believe that demons or evil spirits haunt the camps under the cloak and shelter of darkness. These malign spirits slay men and women in the most atrocious manner possible, and as a rule in tribal wars one hostile body will not attack the other during the middle of the night. Even when two hostile camps are pitched half a mile from each other, no sentries are placed. The whole body will squat round the fires until 10 or 11 o'clock, and then go to sleep until within an hour of day break when tbe attack is usually made. This dread of ghosts is so great that even in the burial customs of the aboriginals it is recognised. Before being placed in grave, smoke dried, or put on the stages, according to the different customs of various tribes, the arms and legs of the corpse are securely tied with rushes or strings made from sinews of wild animals. The finger nails are frequently torn off, and the hair singed. Even after all these pre cautions to prevent the spirit of the deceased rising, the tribe does not feel secure. Various incantations are practised and small sticks placed upright in the ground around the camp fire to keep the ghostly visitants at a respectful distance. Preston and his mate knew something of these superstitious notions, and resolved to take advantage of them. Before going they scanned the camp. The strange white man was still motion less beside the kianga, whilst most of his able companions were asleep outside their gunyahs. Though naked, even the men were ornamented. Some of them wore feather plumes on their heads, with pearl shells depending from a girdle round their waists. The females were adorned with small pellets of transparent gum suspended from locks of their rough woolly hair. Hanging on some of the adjacent trees were several nets made from spinifex fibre, whilst around the smouldering fire lay some wooden scoops and conch shells. It was now 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and after a keen glance at the camp sur roundings Preston gave the order to return. With little difficulty this was done, and at 6 the party were once more on the Lucinda. Little time was spent there, as it was neces sary to get back to ___ before night fall. Six more men were selected, and with the number augmented to ten both the captain and the mate considered the force amply sufficient for the purpose intended. It waa seven o'clock when they set out again for the peak, and when darkness enshrouded the locality the party had gained its summit. Below, in the valley, a large fire gleamed brightly, for the aboriginals had no suspicion that an enemy was near. As the gloom deepened the fire blazed up, and tbe watchers on the summit of the hill could clearly see the Bhadowy outlines of the aboriginals grouped around it. On more than one occasion the form of the white man, easily distinguishable by the rug he wote, was observed* Shortly after 10 o'clock, after a short con sultation with Barrows, the captain gave the Bignal to move cautiously down on the unsuspecting aboriginals. The Malaya, who are naturally blood-thirsty, were strictly enjoined not to shoot or offer violence unless in Belf defence. The only desire of Preston was to, if possible, cap ture the strange white man, for he felt assured a mystery hung over him, and that he was being kept by the blacks against hia will. It was arranged that Barrows, with half the Malays, should skirt round to the opposite side of the camp, and at a given Bignal both parties should rush in and se cure the prisoner. If resistance was offered it might be necessary to use force, but that would be a last resort. It must be confessed that the real object of Preston and BarrowB in their attempted rescue of the supposed prisoner was not altogether an unselfish one. Whilst desirous of assisting one whom they considered of their race from his bondage, it occurred to both that a white man who ap parently had spent many years in the loca lity* must be possessed of some valuable in formation regarding its resources. He would probably be able to verify the fairy tales of wealth, or say that they were mere phantoms of imagination born of the super stitious Unknown. j No white man had ever trod that region! lying to the back of the Victoria river, except j indeed, Leichhardt or some of his party still Burvived. Strange legends had reached the ears of Preston and his mate, and also many of the seamen who cruised round the north west coast of the continent. It was said that natives had been ____ at different times in the Kimberley district possessed not only of gold, but also arrayed with orna ments formed of magnificent rubies aud other precious stones. Imagination conjured up Golcondas and El Dorados as existent within that vast hidden territory, and many a day-dream had been dreamt by the hardy men who were gradually creeping round the treacherous coast, founding the nuclei of settlements, that wealth immeasurable lay within it. This view was shared to the utmost by the master and mate of the Lucinda. It was near 11 o'clock when the two parties stealthily approached to within one hundred yards of the blacks camp. The cover of vegetation did not extend any further, and both Narrows and tbe captain lay prone, waiting for a favorable moment. It was specially impressed on the Malays under each leader that on no account what soever were they to injure tho white man. He had been pointed out to them, for it was quite possiblo that on' the' first alarm he might seek escape, thinkine a^hi/»tilG attack was being made. ! Preston and Barrows bad aUo decided that on making tho rush they should keep ebout; ing 'Friends l'in order that their compa tro|t might understand Europeans were in the vicinity. To BS CONTINUED. Cocoanut Biscuits, like most sweet bis cuits, are most popular at afternoon teas. Dry half a pouud of flour, mix with it four ounces of castor Bugar, and work all well into abatter, with two well-beaten eggs. Koll out very thin, cut into long strips, brush over with egg, Bcatterdessicatod cocoanut over, and bake to a Jelicategold color. ' AVikb Wafers.— Procure two pounds of bread dough, and work into it two ounces Of good freab butter, half a teaspoonful of salt, and one ounce of castor sugar. Roll out this dough veiy thin, cut with a tumbler into bis* I cuita. Flour a baking sheet, plac* the biscuits pn it, and bake slowly till done. These wafers like all other bi^nits, require very cirtHl | baking or they will get scorched and spoilt. ^ 