The Storyteller. The Christian. THIRD BOOK.—THE DEVIL'S ACRE. VII. BY HALL GAINS, Author of "The Manxman." "Glenfaba, the Oilan'. "Oh, gracious and grateful friend, at length you have remembered the exist- <*> ence of the 'poor lone crittur' living in dead-aliye land ! Only that I lack gall to make oppression bitter, I should of course return your belated epistle by the dead letter office, marked .* Un known' across your ' Dear (ilory,' there being no longer anybody in these re gions who has a plausible claim to that dubious title. But, alas < I am not my own woman now, and with teaw of shame 1 acknowledge that any letter from London comes like an angel's whisper that is breathed to me through % the air. " I dare say you have been unreason able enough to think that I ought to •have written to tell you of my arrival ; and, knowing that man is born to vanity as the sparks fly upwards, I have more than once intended to take pen In hand and write ; but there to something so sleepy in this island atmosphere that my good resolution has hitherto been a still-born babe that has breathed but never cried ! " Know then that my journey hither was performed with due celerity and no further disaster than befalls me when, as usual, I have done those things which I ought not to have done, and left undone those things which I ought to have done—the former in this instance having reference to various bouts of crying, which drew forth tlie sympathy of a compassionate female sharper in the train, and the latter to the catch of my satchel, which enabled that obliging person to draw forth my embroidered pocket-handkerchief in ex change. " I was in good time for the steam boat at Liverpool, and it was crowded, according to its wont, with the Lan cashire lads and lasses, in whom affec tion is as contagious as the mumps. Being in the dumps myself on sailing Nout of the river, and thinking of the wild excitement with which I had sailed into it. I think I should have found that I had not done crying in both senses but for the interest of watching an amiable Bob Brierly, who, with his arm about the waist of the person alt ting next to him. kept looking round at the rest of the woMd'from time to time with the innocence of one whose left hand didn't know what his right hand was doing. "But we had hardly crossed the bar when the prince of tfle powers of the air began to envy the happiness of these dear young goodies, and if you had seen the weather for the next four hours you would have agreed that the devil must have had a hand in It I Up came a wave over the af ter-qnarter and down went tbe passengers below decks, stag gering and screaming like brewery rats, and then ,on we came like tbe Israelites out of Egypt on eagles' wings! Having lost my own sea legs a little, I thought it prudent to go down, too, with my doggie tucked under my arm, and, find ing a berth in the ladies' cabin, I fell asleep and didn't awake until we were on the cross current just off the island, when, amid moans and groans and other noises, I heard the tearful voice of a sick passenger asking, 'Is there any hope, stewardess r "The train got to Peel as the sun Tvas setting behind tbe grim old castle walls, and when I saw the dear little town again I dropped half a tear, and even felt an Insane desire to run ont to meet it Grandfather was at the sta tion with old Caesar and the pony carriage, and when I had done kisslnx him, and he had done panting and puff- Ing and talking nonsense, as if I had been Queen Victoria and the Empress of the French rolled into one, I could have cried to see how small and feeble be bad become since I went away. We could not get off immediately, for in his simple Joy at my return he was hailing everybody and everybody was hailing him, and the dear old Pharisee was sounding his trumpet so often in the market-place, that he might have glory of men, that I thought we should never get uj) to Glenfaba that night. When we did so at length the old aunties were waiting at the gate, and then he broke into exclamations again. ' Hasn't she. grown tall ? Look at her! Hasn't she now ?' Whereupon the aunties took up their parable with, * Well, well ! Aw, w.eU ! Aw, well now ! Well, ye navar !' So that by the time I got through I had kissed everybody a dozen times, aiid was as red over the eyes as a grouse. "Then we went Into the hoiifie, and for the first five minutes I couldn't tell what had ccine ever the ojd place to make it look so small and mean. It was just as if the walls of the rooms had been the bellows of a concertina and somebody had suddenly chut them. But there was the long clock chicking away on the landing, and there was Sir Thomas Traddles purring away ou the hearthrug, and there were the same plates on the dresser, and the same map of Africa over the fireplace, painted red where my father died. " The moon was glistening on the sea when I went to bed that night, arid when I got up in the morning the sun wa.s shining on it, and a crow cut across my window cawing, and I heard grand father humming to himself on the path below. And after my long spell in Lon don, and my railway journey of the day before, it was the same as if I had fallen asleep ia a gale on the high seas and awakened in a quiet harbour some where. " So here I am, back at Glenfaba, in my old little room with my old little bed, and everything exactly as it used to be ; and I begin to believe that when you went into that monastery you only just got the start of me in being dead. There used to be a few people in this place, but now. there doesn't seem to be a dog left. All the youngsters have ' gone foreign,' and all the oldsters have gone to—' goodness knows which!' Sometimes we hear the bleat of sheep en the mountains, and sometimes the scream of seagulls overhead, and some times we hold a convocation of all living rooks in the elms on the lawn. We take no thought for the morrow, what we shall eat or what -we shall put on, and on Sunday* when the church bell rings we go out, like the Israelites in the wilderness, in clothes which wax not old after forty years, though they, may be a little out of fashion. During the rest of the week we watch the bluebottles knocking their heads stupid against the ceiling, and listen to the grasshoppers whisper ing in the grass, and fall asleep to the hum of the bees, and awake to the heo haw of old Neilus's 'canary.'* Such is the dead-alive life we live at Glenfaba, and the days of our years are threescore years and ten, and if . , , Ohoy 1- (A yawn.) " I suppose it is basely ungrateful of me to talk like this, for the dear place itself is lovely enough to disturb one's "hope of parad'iae, bud this very morning i» on fresh as the dew on 'the grass, wißh the lark* singing 'above, and the river singing below, and clouds like little curls of foaun hovering over the sea. And &• for my three dear old dunce©, who love me so much more than I deserve, I am ashamed In my aoul when I overhear them planning good things for roe to eat, and wttd excite ments for me, to revel in, that I may not .be duU or miss the luxuries I Urn accustomed to. 'Do you know I'm afraid Glory doesn't care so much for pin Jane after all,' I heard grandfather whispering to Aunt Anna one morning, lamd half-an-hour afterwards lie was re proving Aunt >Ra'clM for pressing me too hard to sen* at the coup kitchen. " They govern me like n child in pina fore*, and of course like a cfcMd I revenge myself by governing all the house. But, c<h dear, oh deaf! gone are the dtays when I could live on water-gruel and he happy in a go-cart. Yes, the change, is in me, not in them or In the old (home, and what's the good of turning back the clock when the sun to so stubbornly keeping pace ? I might be happy enough at GlettftiWa still, if I could only 'bring back the days when the garden tree 9 were my gymnasium and I used to mock myself and sing like a bird on a bough In the wind, or when I led a band of boy* to rob our own orchard—'a "bold deed, for which Bishop ADBra ofttimes launched at me and at all her suffragans her severest censure— It was her sapper, I remember. But I can't run barefoot all 6*ay long on the wet gand now, wltlh the salt spray blowing in any race, and a young lady of one-and- twenty seldom or never rushes out to play dumps and taaggy uvug in public with little girls of 10. "As a result, my former adventures are now limited to careering on the back of little Caesar, who has grown so ancient and so fat tttot he -waddles like an old duck, and riding' him to like work ing your passage. So I confine myself to sitting on committees, nnd being sometime* siat upon, and rubbing thie runes for grandfather, and cleaning the mUkpails for Aunt Anna, and even such holy kill-times as going to church regu larly, 'and watching Neihis when he is passing round the plate after * Let your light so shine "before men'—light to hie practical intellect being clearly a syn * Donkey, onyni for silver In the rfbope «f three penny bits! " But, oh my ! oil niy ! I am a dark cilMira-cter ift rhtepaace for Mil that T!be dear okl goodies iiaye never yet said a syllable about my letter announcing that I had gone over to the enemy (1.c., Satan and the music hall), and there is a dead hu<3h in the house as often as the wind of conversation veera round In that direction. Tills Is nothing, though, to the white awe in. the air when visitors call and I am questioned as to how I earn my living in London. I ha«ily know whether to laugh or cry at tho lougwdrawn breath of relief when.- I wriggle out of a* tight place without telling a lie. But you can't hide an eel in a sack, and I know the truth will pop out one of these day* Only yesterday * I went district visiting with Aunt Rachel, and one of the Balaams of life, who keeps a tavern for fishermen, lured us into his bar-parlour to look at a por trait of 'Gloria' which he had cut out of an illustrated paper and pinned up on the wall ' because it 'resembled me so much'! Oh deaf, oh dear ! I could have found it in my heart to braisen it out on the spot at this sight of my evil fame, but when I <saw poor little auntie watching me with fearful eyes { talked away like a mill-wheel aud went out thanking God that the rest of the people of Peel were not as other men are, or even as this publican. " I have been getting newspapers ihy self, though, sent by my friend Rosa ; and as long as the nius-reporters con cerned, themselves with my own doings and failures to do, and lied as tenderly as an epitaph about my disappearance from London, I cut them up aud burnt them. But when they forgot me, aud began to treat of other people's triumphs, I made Nellus my waste paper basket, on the understanding that the papera were to go to the fishermen Just home from Klnsale. Then from time to time he told me they were ' go in' round, Mls9, goin' round, and gave me other, assurances of ' the greatest circulation in the world,* which was true enough certainly, though the old thief omitted to say it was at the paper mill where they were being turned into pulp. " But, heigho! I don't need news papers to remind me of London. Like 8h Paul, I have a devil that beats me, with fists, and as often as a clear day comes, and one can see things a lons way off, he makes me climb to the top of Slleu Whallin* that I may sit on the beacon by the hour and strain my eyes for a glimpse of England, feeling like Lot's wife when she looked back on her old home, and then coming down with a heavy heart and a taste of tears in my mouth as if I had been turned into a pillar of salt. Dean old London ! But I suppose it is going on Its way just as is used to do, with its tides of traffic, and its crowds, and carriages, and wan dering merchants, and hawkers crying their, wares, and everything the same as ever, Just the same, although Glory isn't there ! "10.30 p.m.—l had to Interrupt the writing of my letter this morning owing to an alarm of lllnera seizing grand father. He had been taken with a sud den faintneaa. Of course we sent for the doctor, but before he arrived the faintness had passed, so. he looked wise at us, like a price riddle^ which had to be guessed before his next visit, left ua his autograph (a wonderful hiero glyphic) and went away. Since then grandfather has been in the hands of a less taciturn practitioner, whom he calls the • flower of Gleufaba* (that's me), and after talking nonsense to him all day and playing chess with htm all night, I have put him to bed laughing, and come back to my own room to finish my letter with an easier mind. For the last half-hour the aurora has been pulsing In the northern sky, and I have been thinking that the glori ous phantasmagoria must be the tfign of a. gale Jn foeaven, jtwt aa sleet and ' iwWt and black wind are the signs of a gale on earth.. But it has tripped off Into ttofhingneew. wad only the dark nigtit Is left, through waWh the dogs at Knockaloe are keeping up tiheir private correspoTwleuce with toe dogs at BaHa moar by the medium of fheir nightly bOWta. "Oh dear J Only 10.30! And to know that while we are going to bed by country hours, with nearly everything still and dead around vs. London is just beginning to 'bestir itself I When I lite down and try to deep, I shall ace the wide squares, wit-h their etatues of homebody inaide, and the blaze of lights over the doors of the tJheatres, and all the tingling Hfe of the great and wond erful city. Ugh ! It makes one feel like one's own ghost wandering throngta' the upper rooms and across the dark landing*, and bearing the strains of the music, and the sound* of the danc ing from tfhe 'ballroom below-Btairs! 41 But, my goodneee ! (I can still awear on that, you see, and mat be forsworn!) What's tfie odds If you're joHy ? And ' I tillus is !' How's your dog ? Mine "would write you a letter, only her heart is moribund, and if things go on as they are going Bhe must set about making her will. * In fact, &c; k» now » A mountain to Man. lying aftfhe foot of my bed thinking owatters out, and bids me tell yon that, 'after various attempts to escape Home Rule, not being (Mikte her mistress) one of those lutfures made perfect through enfferlnjy, she fe ouJy ' kept alive by the force of Iher own volition,' In tihle house that Is" full of old anudds, and lias nothing better in it than one old eat* and 'he Isn't wortii hunltiug, bfeing desti« tute of a tail. Naturally ehe is doing flier best (like somebody else) to keep herself, unspotted from that world which is a source af so mudh tempta tion, .but She. Is bound to confess tQmt ft tot tie ' dlvilnient' now and then would •help her to take a more holy and reli gious view of life. " I ' wisfli you happy' in your new enterprise ; 'but if you are -going Jin for belmg the champion of -woinatn in tin is world—of her wrong*—l warn you not to be too pointed In your moral, for there is a story 'here of a handsome, young ciwa'te, who was so particular in tfhe pulpit with ' Ivovest fhou me' that a lady followed him into the vestry and •admitted that efhe did. Soberly,1 It to'a great and noble effort, andU've ha** a mfnd to love yon for it If juen wont "Avoinen to be good tftiey will be good, for women dance to 'the tune that men like best, and always (have done 60 since the itoya of Admrn—not forgetting that gentleman's temptation, nor yet <hld ex cuse tibout ' the wcamn THiou gayest me,' wihieft sho\vs he wasn't mucfh of a liwftiand anyway, though certainly he hadnU anuch oJioice of v wife. " My loVe to dear old London ! Some times I have half a mind to skip off and do my wooing myself. Perhaps I elhoiild do so, only tih'at Rosa writes that she would like to come and spend Bier sum mer (holiday In Peel. Haven't I told you about Rosa ? She's the lady jour mailtet that Mr. Drake introduced m© to. But let's to bed, Said Sleepyhead. "GLORY. " P.S.—lmportant. Ever since I left London I ihave been tormented with the recollection of poor Polly's bwby. She put 'him out to nurse with the Mrs. .Tupe you heard of, and that person put him out to somebody else. While the mother l!v»d I had no business to inter fere, but I can't help thinktag of the motherless mite now, and wonder ing wfoat foa» become of him. I suppose that, like .Tesnurun, 'he waxefch fat and klcketh by ttri* Mmc, ye* it would be the • aot of a man and a clergyman If any* body would take up my neglected duty and make it his business to see thnt there is somebody to love the poor child. Mrs. Jupe'B address is 5a The Little Turnstile, going from Holborn Into Lin coln's Inn Fields." VIII. It was on a Saturday morning that John Storm received Glory's letter, and on the evening of the same day he Bet out in search of Mrs. Jupe'». The place was not easy to find, and when he dis covered it at length he felt a pang at the thought that Glory herself had lived in this dingy burrowing. As he was going up to the door of the little tobacco shop a raucous voice within was eaying, " That's what's doo on the byeby, and till you can py up you needn't be a keminln' 'ere no more." At the next moment a young wbman crossed^ him on the threshold. Bhe was a little slender thing, looking like a flower that hns been broken by the wet. He recognised her as the girl who had nursed the baby hi Crook-lane on the day of his first visit to Soho. She had been crying, and to hide her swollen eyes she dropped her head at passing, and he flaw her faded ribbons and soiled straw hat. A woman of middle age behind the counter was curtsying to his clerical attire, and a little girl at the door of an Inner room was looking at him out of the corner of her eyes with bead aslant. "Father Storm, I think, sir. Come in and Get you down, sir. Mind the shop, boo-boo. My 'usband 'as told me about ye, sir. * You'll know 'im at onct, Lldjer,' 'c sez, glz 'c. No, 'c ain't 'time from the club yet, but 'c might be a kemmin' in any time now, sir." John Storm had seated himself in the little dark parlour, and was looking round and thinking of Glory. "No mat ter ; my business is with you, Mrs. Jupe," he answered, and at that the twinkling eyes and fat cheeks, whjch had been doing their best to smile, took on a look of fear. , " Wot's the metter ?" she asked, and she closed the door to the shop. "Nothing, I trust,, ray good woman," and then he explained his errand. , Mrs. Jupe listened attentively, and seemed to be asking herself .who had sent him. " The poor young mother is dead now, as you may know, and " "But the father ain't," 6'aid the woman sharply, "and, begging your parding, sir, if 'c want's ter know where the byeby is 'c can come 'isself and hot send sembody else !" " If the child is well, my good woman, and well cared for " ; * " It is well keared for, and it's gorn to a pueson I can trust." " Then what have you got to conceal ? Tell me where it is. and " "Not me! If It's 'es child, and 'c wants it, let 'lm dv for it. amLintercet ep ter dite. Them swells is too fond of get tin* parsons to pull their chestnuts out o' the fire." " If you suppose I am here in the In terests of the father you are mistaken, I do assure you." " Ow, you do, do yer 7" Matters had readied this pass when ithe door opened and Mr. Jupe came in. Off went his hat with a respectful salu tation, but seeing the cloud on his wife's face, he abridged his greeting. The iwoman's apron was at her eyes in an Instaut. " WoL's gowln' on ?" he tisked. John Storm tried to explain, but the woman contented herself with cryiug. " Well. It'u like this, don'tcher see, father. My missis is that fond of child* ring, and it brikes 'er 'cart " Was the man a fool or a hypocrite ? " Mr. Jupe," said John, rising, " I'm afraid your wife has 'boen carrying on un improper and illegal business." " Now stou fliet, sir." said the man, ■•wagigJng his head. " I respects the Keve-roiMl J.-vwn Storm a good dead, but I respects Mrs. Lidjer Jupe a good deal 'more, 'and when it comes to iiuproper - and illegal bizliitos —-" " Down't mind 'im, 'Enery," said tlbe iwifo. Haw -weeping audibly. •'And down't you tyke on so, Udjor," isaid- tUio -hu«)baud. and (they looked as if they were nIHVUt to em'Urace. ilcilm ".Storm could stand no more. Going down the court-toe was thinking. with a lwug «>f Glory—that *>hu had ilved mouths lv the atmosphere of tllmt 'ln*poi»tor—when ■some-body touched Ms tirm in 'ilio ilarkmtss. It was tli<% girl. She "was still crying. " I reckwlec' fcvoing you in Crook lane, 'sir, the <lay we I'hrlstened -my iba'by. and I waited, tbfukLng p'raps you .. I'owJd 'hcl-p me." "••Come this -way," said John, and walk lug by this side along the blank wall of iji'iieoln'i? Inn Fields the- girl told liv.v story. She lived in one room of the <:UTgy-hovwso at the buck of 'his dlrarcili. Having to earn 'her living, she liad answered an 'advertisement in a Sun day paper, and Mm. Jupe had taken !hei* bVby to nnrso. It Avas 'true she 'had given up all claim «to the child, ibut dlu> could not help going to see it—the lirtle one's ways weiv co eu •gaginsr. Tdien eflie found that Mrs. Jupe 'had let it out to somebody- else' Orily for 'her "friend" she nilg'ht never iiave heard of it ngaiu. He lvad found It by accident at 'a house in West nniuster. It wns a fearful place, where •men went for gambling. The man who kept It 'had Just been (released from eighteen mouths' iinprhsoumem, and the wSfe Quid taken 'to uurainx while •the hu'slmnd wins In prison. She. wns a frightful woman, and he was a.shock dng man, and " they knocked tho chil dren 'about cruel." The . neighbours hejard screams nnd slaps unfl inotuis. nnd they were always crying "Shame!" She "had wanted 'to take 'her own bttby away, but the woman would not give 1t up because there were three weeks' "board owing and she could not pay. " Could you take me to this house, my child V" - "Yes, sir." "Then come round to the cihwrch after service to-morrow night." T-h* girl's tearful face glistened like April miuwhine. " And will you 'elp me to get my little ■girl? Oh. 'ow good you are ! Everybody Is saying win-at a Father It 1s that's come to- —" She stopped, then said quito soberly. " I'll get somebody to lend me a shawl to bring 'er 'ome in. People say they pawn everything, and perhaps the ibeautiful white perlice I bought for 'er . . . Oh, I'll never let 'er out of my eight again, never !" " What is your name, my girl ?" " Agatha Jones," the girl answered. It was nearly 11 o'clock on Sunday night before they were ready to start out on their errand. Meantime Aggie had done two turns at the foreign clubs, and John Storm had led a procession through. -Crown-«treet and been knocked down by a missile thrown by a " Skele ton," whom he declined to charge. At the corner of the alley he stopped to ask Mrs. Plncher to wait up for him, nnd the girl's large-eyes caught sight of the patch of plaster above his temple. " Are you cure you want to go, sir ?". she said. " There's no time to lose," he answer ed.. The bloodhound was with hhn ; he toad sent home for it since the attempted riot. ■ ■ - As they walked towards Westminster she told him where she had been, and what money she had earned. It was ten shillings, and that would Ifhy-Hso many things for baby. "To-morrow I'll get a cot for 'er— one of those wicker ones; iron is so She'll want a pair o' socks, %00, and by-and-by she'll 'are to be shortened." But John Storm was thinking of IGtoiy. He seemed to be retreading the steps of her life in London. The dog kept close at hta heela. *' She'll 'a bin a month away now, a month to-morrow. I wonder if she's grow'd much—l wonder ! It's wrong o' people lettln' their childriug go away from 'em. I'll never go ont at nights tagaia—not If I 'aye to tyke in sewin' for the slop shops. Seethte ?" laughing ner- rouely, and showing a shawl that hung on her arm. " 1V& to bring 'er 'oine in— the nights is so chill for a kyeby." John's heart was heavy at sight of these little preparations, but the young mother's face was radiant. As they went by tlie abbey, under Its forest of scaffolding, and, walking towards Mlllbauk, dipped into the slums that lie in the shadow of the dark prison, they passed soldiers' from the neighbouring barracks going ariu-ln-arin with girls, and this made Aggie talk of her " friend," and cry a little, saying It was a week since she had seen him, and she was afraid-he must have 'listed. She knew he was rude to people some limes, and she asked pardon for him, but he wasn't such a bad boy after all, and he neveu. knocked you about except when he was drinking. The house they were going to was In Angel Court, and, lurving its door only to the front, it was partly sheltered from observation. A group oi' women with fheir aprons over their heads stood talking in whispers at the corner. One of them recognised Aggie, and araked ■ If she had got her child yet, whereupon John stopped and made some inquiries. The goings-on at the house were scan dalous. The imm who went to it wero the lowest of the low, and there wns «eareely one of them who hadn't "done time." The man's name was Sharkey,. ■and hiM wife was as bad as he was. She insured the children at <?evcn pounds apiece, and " Laud love ye, sir, at that price the poor things is worth more dead nor alive !" Aggie's face was becoming white, and she was touching John Storm's elbow n>? if pleading with him to come away, but he asked further questions. Yes, there were several children. A twelve months' buoy, a boy, was fretful with his teething, and on Sunday nights, when the woman was wanted down stairs, she just put the poor darling to bed and locked the room. If you lived next door you could hear his crying through the wall. 'A " Agatha," said John a 9 they otepped up to the door, " get us Into this house as best you can, then leave the rest to me. Oaesar, He close." Aggie tapped at the door. A little ttlide in It was? run back, and a voice said, " Who's there ?" " Aggie," -the girl answered. " Who's that with you?" '• A friend of Charlie's," and then the door was opened. John crossed the threshold first, the dog followed him, the girl entered last. Wheu the door had closed behlud them the doorkeeper, a young man holding a candle in his hand, was staring at John with his whole face open. " Hush ! Not ajword ! Caesar, watch that man !" The young man looked at the. dog and turned pale. " Where is Mrs. -Sharkey ?" '* Dowustaiiw, sir." There were sounds of men's Voices from below, and from 4'above there came the convulsive sobs df a child, deadened as hy a door between. " Give me your candle." The man gave It. " Don't speak or «tlr, or else " John glanced at the dog, and the man trembled. "Come upstairs, child," and the girl followed him to the upper floor. On reaching the room in which the liaby was crying they tried the door. It was locked. John attempted to force it, but it would not yield. The child's sodr were dying down to a sleepy moan. Another room .stood open, and they went in. It wae the living room. A kettle on the flre was singing and puff ing steam. There was no sign of a key anywhere. Only a table, some chairs, a disordered sofa, certain sporting news papers lying about, and a few pictures on the walls. Some of the lectures were of racehorses, but all the rest were me morial cardfl, and one bore the text, " Ho shall gather them in His arms." Aggie was shuddering as with cold, be ing chilled by some unknown fear. "We must go down to the cellar— there's no help f<u" it," said John. The man in the hall had 1 not epoken or ©tlrred. He was still gazing In ter ror on the bloodshot eyes looking out of the darkness. John gave the .candle, to the girl and began to go noiselessly; do wagtail's. There was not a movement In the lions* now. Big Ben was strik ing. It was 12 o'clock. At the next moment John Storm was. midway down, and had full view of the den. It was a washing cellar with a coal vault going out of it under the jttreet. Some fifteen or twenty men, chiefly foreigners, were gathered about a large table covered with green baize, on which a small lamp was burning. A few of the men were seated on chairs ranged about, the others were standing at the back in rows of two deep. They were gambling. The game was faro. Rows of luclfer matches were laid on the table, half-crowns were staked on them, and cards were cut and dealt. Except the banker, a middle-aged man with the wild eye of the hard spirit drinker, everybody had his face turned away from the cellar stairs. They did not smoke or drink, and they only spoke to each other when the stakes were being received or paid. Then they quarrelled and Bwore in Eng lish. After that there was v chilling and hideous' silence ns if something awful were about to occur. The lamp cast a strong light on the table but the rest of the room was darkeued by patches of shadow. The coal vault had been turned dnto a drinking baa*, and behind the counter - there was a well-stocked stillage. Iv the depths of its shade a woman sat knitting. She had a gross red and white face, and in the arch above, her there was the iron grid in the pavement. Somebody on the street walked over it, and there was a hollow sound as of soil falling on a coffin. John Storm was not afraid, but a cer tain tremor passed over him on finding himself in this subterranean lurking place of men who were as beasts, lie stood a full minute unseen. Then h« heard tho woman say in a low hiss, " Cat's mee-e-et!" and he knew he had been observed. The men turned and looked at him, not suddenly, or all at onoe, but furtively, cautiously, slowly. The banker crouched at the table with an astonished face, and tried to smuggle the cards out of sight. John stood calmly, his whole figure displayed courage and confidence. The group of men broke up. " He's got the ' coppers.'" said one. Nobody .else spoke, and they began to melt away. They disappeared through a dow at the back which led into a yard, for, like rats, the human vermin always have a second way out of their holes. In half-a-minute the" cellar was nearly empty. Only the banker and the woman and one young man remained. The young man was Charlie. " What cheer, mite ?" he said with an air of unconcern. "Is it trecks ye want, sir ? Here ye are then," and he threw a pack of cards at John's feet. " It's that gel o' yawn that's done this," said the woman. " So it's a got-up thing, is it ?*' said Charlie, and, stepping to the counter, he took up a drinking glass, broke it at the rim, and, holding its jagged edges outwards, turned to use it as a weapon. At the same moment the other man whispered to the woman, and she hand ed him a knife. John Storm had not yet spoken, but a magnetic instinct warned him. lie whistled, and the dog bounded down. The young man threw his broken glass on the floor and cried to the keeper of the house, " Don't stir, you ! First, you know, the beast will be at yer throat." Hearing Charlie's voice, Aggie was creeping down the stairs. " Charlie !" she cried. Charlie threw open his coat, stuck his fingers in the armholes of his waistcoat, said in a voice of hatred, passion, and rage, " Go and pawn your self !" and then, swaggered out at the back door. The keeper made show of following, but John Storm called on him to stop. The man looked at the dog and obeyed. " Wot d'ye want o' me ?" he stiid. " I want this girl's baby. That's the first thing I want. I'll tell you the rest afterwards." "Oh. that's it, Is It?" The man's grimace was frightful. *' It's gone, sir. We've lost it," said the woman with a hideous expression. '• That story will not pass with me, my good woman. Go upstairs and nn lock the door ! You, too, ray man—go on !" A minute later they were in the bed room above. Three neglected children lay asleep on bundles of rags. One of .12 mouths old was in a wicker cradle, one of 3 years was In a wooden cot, and v younger child was in a bed. Aggie had come up behind, nnrt stood by tho dooi trembling and weeping. " Now, my girl, find your baby." said John, and the young mother hurried with eager eyes front the cradle to the ot and from the cot to the bed. " Yes, here it Is," she cried. " No—oh. no, no !" and she began to wriug her hands. " Told yer so," said the woman, and with a wicked grin she (Jointed to a me morial card which hung on the wall. Aggie's child was dead and buried. Diarrhoea ! The doctor at the dispen . sary had given a certificate of' death. and Charlie had shared the insurance money. • " Wish to goodness it was ended !" he ; Lad said. He had been drunk eye s'lWC . ■ .. . The poor girl was stunned. She.wp.* no longer crying. " Oh, oh, oh ! What shall I do ?" she said. •• Who's child is this V wild John, standing over the wicker cradle. Tin little sufferer from swollen and Inflamed gums had sobbed itself to sleep. *■ A real laJdy's," said the woman. " Mrs. Jnpe told us to tyke great kear or it. The father is Lord something." "My poor girl," said John, turning to Aggie, "could you carry this child home for me ?" ••' Oh, 61i, oh !" said the girl, but she wiopped the shawl about the child and lined it up sleeping. " Now you down't!" said the man, put ling himself on 'guard before the door. " That child is worth *nndrids of pounds to me, and " ; • • " Stand back, yon brute !" said John, and with the girl and her burden, he passed out of the house. The front door stood open, and the neighbourhood had been raised. Trol« lony • women in their uuder-petticoats and with their hair hanging about their necks were gathered at the cud of the court. Aggie was crying aguiu, and Johu pushed through the crowd with out speaking. They went back by the Broad Sanc tuary, where a solitary policeman was pacing to and fro on the echoing pave ment. Big Ben was chiming the half hour after midnight. The child coughed like a sheep constantly, and Aggie kept fcaying, 4> Oh, oh, oh !" Mrs. Piucher, in her widow's cap and white apron, was waiting up for them, and Joint committed the child to her keeping. Then he said to Aggie, who wns turning away, " My poor child, you have suffered deeply, but if you will leave tills man I will help you to begin life, again, and if you want some money I will find it." " Well, He is a father and no mis take !" said Mrs. Piucher, but the girl only auswered iv a hopeless voice, " I tlou't want no money, aud don't want to begin life again." , As she crossed the court to her room iijl the tenement house they heard her *'Oh, oh, oh !" : : Before going to bed that night John Storm wrote.to CJlory :. " Hurrah ! Have got poor Polly's baby, so you may act your heart at ease about it. All the days of my life I have been thought to be a dreamer, but it is surprising what a man can do when he sets to work for somebody else ! Your former landlady turns out to be the wife of my ' organ man,' and it was pitiful to s>ee the dear old simple ton's devotion to his bogus little bag gage. I have lost him, of course, but that was unavoidable. " It war* by help of another victim that I traced the child at last. She is a bal let girl of some sort, and it was as much as I could stand to see the poor young thing carrying PollyV baby, her own being dead and buried without a word said to her. Short of tne grace of God, she will go to the bod now. Oh, when will the world »cc that in dealing with the starved hearts of these poor fallen creatures God Almighty knows best how to do His own business ? Keep the child witli the mother, foster the ma ternal instinct, and you build up the best womanhood. Drag them apart, and the child goes to the dogs and the mother to the devil. " But Polly's baby is safely lodged with Mrs. Pincher, a dear old grnmV motherly soul, who will love it like her own. and nil the way home I have been making up my mind to start baby-farm- Jug myself on fresh lines. He who wrongs the child commits a crime against the State. However low a woman has fallen she is a subject of the Crown, and if she is a mother she is the Crown's creditor. These are my first principles, the application will conio anon. Meantime you have given me a new career, a glorious mission ! Thank God and Glory Quayle for It for ever and ever ! Then—who knows -I—per haps you will come back and take it up yourself some day. When I think of the precious time I spent in that monas tery . . . but no, only for that t should not be here. " Oh, life is wonderful! But I feel afraid that If shall wake up—perhaps In the streets somewhere—and find I have been dreaming. Deeply grieved to hear of the grandfather's attack. Trust It has passed. But if not, certain I am? that all is weH with him and that ho is stayed only- on God. " Hope you are well and plodding through tills wilderness iv comfort, avoiding the thorns as well as you can. Glenfaba may be dull, but you do well to keep out of the whirlpool of London for the present. Yours Is a snug spot, and when storms are blowing even the seagulls shelter about your house, I remember. But why, Rosa ? Is Peel the only place for a summer holiday ?" (To be continued.) 