A GHOST STOBY. In the House pf Commons. When the news leaked out that the ghost of an M.P. had been seen In the House during his absence, If there was one member that seemed safe from sus- I plcion it was the burly Tay Pay (says I the "Weekly Despatch"). And yet It was Tay Pay's ghost. The correspondent of the "Daily News," who. first told the story, now fills in the details. On Wednesday, April 27, Mr. T. P. O'Connor . was- Apprised of the serious iiiiivBs ui iaiiicr, wuu resiaeu in Athlone, Ireland. On the following day, ' Thursday, April 28, Mr. O'Connor started by -the morning limited Irish mall for Ireland.. At Holyhead a tele gram was placed In his hands stating that his father had died eany that morning. In the afternoon the Chancellor of the Exchequer Introduced the Budget. WHILE MR. CHAMBERLAIN WAS SPEAKING in the debate, Mr. P. M'Dermott, M.P., came into the House, and, moving up to the fourth bench on the Opposition side below the gangway, spoke to a gentleman sitting immediately below hln), who, he is confident, was Mr. T. P. O'Connor, asking him to whom Mr. Chamberlain was replying. Mr. T. P. O'Connor turned round, and replied that Mr. Chafnberlain was -, attacking Sir William Harcoprt. He left the House shortly aftenvairds. Mr. M'Dermott. on golr.g Into the Lobby a short time afterwards, was told that Mr. O'Connor had left Lon don. Mr. M'Dermott immediately stat ed that he had seen Mr. O'Connor In the House within the last quarter of an hour, and 'had spoken to. him. Mr. M'Dermott searched everywhere for Mr. O'Connor, of course without suc cess. Stranger still, Mr.' Tuohy, the Lon don correspondent of the "Freeman's Journal," is positive that HE TOO SAW Mlt. O'CONNOR, while Mr. Chamberlain was replying to Sir William Harcourt, in his usual seat on the third bench oh the Opposition side below the gangway. Mr. Cham berlain spoke between 6 p.m. and 6.30 p.m. Mr. O'Connor had arrived in i Dublin at that time, and was on his way to Athlone. | Where is the member who was thus tslten for Mr, O'Connor? 