TUBLEHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 1% i ¥ * * * By MRS. JOCELYN Author of "Drawn Blank,'' "Pamela's Honeymoon," "A Regular Fraud," "The Gritou Hunt Mystery," "Juanitu Cdrriuglon," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XX.—(Continued.) THAT he hacf discovered it was voir apparent. Had it not been for the fact that these two were in the middle of a very de cided flirtation, and that Syhil had not seemed adverse-' to it, the man ner in which he was looking at her just then might have been said to be impertinent. But then he had received a certain amount of encouragement; had he not done so he would not have ventured to.say so plainly by his eyes that he could go on looking for ever, end had never in his life seen anything be cared to look at so much before. The man was a gentleman; and when s man is a gentleman he knows how to treat a lady in a manner pleasing to herself; or, rather, he knows how to avoid making himself disagreeable by attempting to be too agreeable. Sybil moved listlessly, met his glance for half a second, and then looked, into the fire. ' She will not be long,' she added, hopefully. 'I kuow she will comeback as quickly as she can.' 'Will she?' said Julian Darlington, softly. ' And are we in a great hurry for her return ?' ■Sybil made no reply. She was still looking into the tire, and her breath was coming and going quickly. 1 Are we ?' he repeated. ' I know that I am not, Sybil. I like Miss Des mond extremely, but I like you a hundred thousand times better.' Again there was a silence, and at last Sybil slowly raised her long dark eye lashes, and her c-yes met his. Just for a second or two, and then they fell again. There was a bright touch of rose in her checks, and an expression on her face which made her look quite beautiful. At that moment there was nobody in all the world more happy than Sybil. During the last week she had hecn learning that the man she loved was in love with her. It was an idea which up till then had never for a moment occurred to her as heing possible. Until a few days ago she had believed that lie was merely wishful to have a little flirtation and that was all. It had been partly because anything more had seemed too much happiness to be pos sible, and partly because she possessed a great fund of common sense, and a very keen perception, that she had told herself that she had thrown away her heart where it would not be acceptable. But now everything had altered. This was not the first time that he had told her that he liked her a hundred thousand times better than he liked somebody else, and in doing so had im plied that he loved her, as plainly as it was possible for it to be done without putting it into actual words. And Sybil had thrown all her common sense thoughts to the -winds, and was in tensely happy in consequence. Wonderful as it was, it was all going to come right. ■ She had no doubt about that any longer. Whs* she was quite so sure about it she hardly knew her self ; but it is not improbable that the fact that Sir George Crossley had asked her to marry him, had made her realise tliat it was not quite impossible or im probable that another man might do so also. And Captain Darrington had certainly led her to suppose that he admired her exceedingly. He had done more; he had hinted a dozen times or more that he was very much in love with her, and to Sybil it now seemed that it could all . mean but one thing: he was going to isk her to be his wife. As to whether lie was rich or poor. Sybil novel' gave a single thought. She loved him: and at her age love or hate means everything. Details mattered not at all; it was the man himself she cared for, and she knew that her whole .future life would be a blank if it had to be lived without him. And she was even more sure of it than ever when the next moment his arm stole round her waist and drew her closely to his side. ' Sybil, Sybil,' he said, ' you are the very prettiest and dearest little girl in all the world. I love you. I love you.' There was a longer silence than those other two. With a little gaspiug sigh she had hidden her face against his arm. To have spoken would have been im possible. She was so happy that she was frightened by her happiness, and if she had cither cried or laughed at that moment it is certain she would have cried. Jle tried to raise her face so as to look into it; but she buried it against his sleeve and would not let him. Had lie known all that she was feeling at that moment he would not have ventured to make another attempt, hut he did not know, and the second time he succeeded. Their eyes met, and hers had an expression in them which he had never seen in the eyes of any other woman. It was a look .which came from the girl's very soul, and it brought Julian Darlington sharply up to his healings. He was not at heart a bad man. He was in love with Sybil, and found pleasure in flirting with her; hut he had believed that she was not adverse to a little flirtation, and that therefore there was no especial harm in it. That she would think that he was in earnest and wished to marry her had not occurred to liim until he looked down into those lovely eyes of Sybil's, and read in them that she was prepared to make ail idol ot him. it came upon him as a shock. He had so long been accus tomed to looking upon himself as a non marryiug man that it had not seemed possible that it would he supposed he would be likely to marry. Besides, he was a comparatively poor man, and even if lie did not wish to marry, he really did not see that it would be possible unless he married a woman who had money. No father or guardian would have anything to say to him. Besides, he really could not marry; there were many reasons which would make it undesirable. All the same he had no wish to cause Sybil a moment's pain, and that look in her eyes had thrilled and shaken him more than even he quite realised at the moment. He put her gently away from him without kissing her, as he had certainly intended to do. ' Forgive me, Sybil,' lie said,' I ought not to have done that.' For a moment Sybil's heart seemed to stand quite still. . For a moment she stood just where she" was, and an icy chill came all over her. She lived half a lifetime in that moment, and crossed the barrier where joy and sorrow meet. Her dream was over, her idol lay shattered at her feet, and she had nothing left but a half-broken heart and a pride which nothing could ever defeat. It was all over; hut she had some thing else to do than to think of her own miserable pain just then. The man she loved had made a fool of her, and she knew it; but he must never know. The thought of the glance of .self-reproaeli and pity which had come over his handsome face as thoir eyes had met, maddened Sybil Desmond j ust then far more than the fact that she would be miserably unhappy for weeks and montlis and probably years to come. She had a part to play, and without more than ' that moment's pause, she began to play it.' She had made n mis take, and it must be rectified at once. She moved a step forward and placed cue of her feet in its pretty little shoe upon the marble kerb fender. She smiled. ' I really have nothing to forgive you for,' she said. 'If it was wrong to—to do that, the fault was quite as much mine as yours.' He was surprised. He looked curiously at her. What had happened ? Could this be the same Sybil as the Sybil who had looked into Ills eyes a few seconds ago ? It seemed impossible. She turned and looked at him and laughed. 'What- is the matter?' she inquired. 'You look as if you had seen a ghost.' 'Do I?' lie replied. 'AYell, I am puzzled, that is all. I cannot uuder tand you.' She arched her eyebrows, and looked up at him. A touch of coquetry must have been innate within her, or she would have been unable to call forth such a coquettish air and glance. ' That is very strange, is it not?' she returned, mockingly. ' But what is stranger still is that you should wish to do so. Do you not think that when one understands a person so thoroughly that there is nothing further to be under stood, that that person becomes a bore ? I do.' He laughed. 'Perhaps you arc right,'lie replied, 'though I am ex tremely doubtful if you would become a bore, oven if I did understand you.' ' Oh, yes, I should,' she returned. ' I am not in the least different from other people.' ' I am sony to contradict you, but you are very different,' said Captain Dar lington. ' And what is more, you know quite well that I think that yon are different.' IDs feeling of compunction had de parted. . It had not been more agreeable than such feelings generally are, and he was not sorry to part with it. His opinion of Sybil had undergone a change. There was 110 doubt iff his mind'now that the girl was a flirt; and on the whole he was glad, and it was a relief. It was much more convenient, and it would make his stay at AVimpton much more amusing. On the other hand he was a little sony. That he was very unreasonable in being so there was no doubt; but are people always reasonable ? And the thought that she had learnt to really cafe for him had not been unpleasant, in spite of the fact that it had been very inconvenient. 