points.; [Bt Needle.] A Very - - ' , \ Humble Wild cat Killer. Modest Maryanski. A most TJnfeline mining expert. Who Wants to destroy all the bogus Goldfields* tabbies. Good old Mary Ann. v ' Ankers and Co. erecting buildings at Nannine. Ankered? A bull celebrating the Jubilee at Claremont. John Bull, eh ? Touching the musical ride of the police, under Sab- inspector Cassell'3 mounted men — ' CasselJs in the air.' Our police force celebrate the Jubilee by the copping by the copper of an extra day's wages. Putting on the screw. Ouda, herein Perth, a short time back, is on the eve of his departure for Honolulu. Not, I trust, on-a-losing tvip. . The residents of north Perth after night fall, in the1 absence of street lamps, run blindly up against each other. A lady correspondent writes suggest ing a ladies' cricket match. Take it from, me, there's. nothing in it in Perth; anyhow at this season of the year, Fremantle's new fire-brake has been christened the 'Fraser,' after the popular superintendent. Would not the ' fray' sir be an appropriate name ? The Australian boxer (Starlight) and Chrisp have fought a battle in London, Star, being disqualified for holding. The contest was a c(h)rispone while it lasted. ? In Coolgardie, Australia (somewhere on the map), says a ' well-informed' home paper, a track was built at an expense of .£460, and the receipts of the first days' races were .£5,000. Tho ghost walks. At Albany, where ' doomed for a certain hour to walk by night,' the Albany ghost continues to frighten women and little ones. By the way, I'd like to see this ghost run up against Detective Mick Moore. I reckon that would be just about the last of that ere ghost. Body, the bicyclist, has been doing great thiugs on t'other side. Hand down the fiddle and the bow— ? 'Gin a body meet a body, Knocking all sky-high ; 'Gin a body lick a body, Need a body cry ? Another chance for Melbourne mutton: 'The latest reports from India show that tho ruin- caused by the recent earthquake is something appal ling in the district of Assam. *lt is stated that enormous supplies of food have been lost.' Eut the novelty of feeding an earthquake soon wears off. Accused people having a ? charge of obscene language sheeted home to them are now 'sent up' without the option. I take it, then, that the ' fine' weather has truly departed when. ? He dreamt that he dwelt in marble halls But quickly he turned very pale, ? . As sternly he gazed on the cold stone walls, Surrounding the Fremantle gaol. Mr. Walter James, lawyer and M.L.A., expressed great surprise in the the police court yesterday when he heard that the police were not num bered. Tell me not in mournfo.1 numbers, Life is but an empty dream ; - Since the cop. who nightly ' lumbers' Lets no metal figures beam. The latest in spooning, is the case of a young maid servant of Caud6, a small town near Angers, in France, in trying to get rid of a fishbone which had stuck in her throat, swallowed a teaspoon, and in spite of the efforts of the doctor who was called in the spoon remains in her body. This may aptly be termed ladle-like. -' Stone walls do not a prison make, Nor iron bars a cage.' And never did the old piece of verse receive truer illustration than in Wes tern Australia at present, where prison escapes are as plentiful as the early morning mushrcom. Scarcely a week passes without somebody in durance vile ' skipping the gutter.' The re markable part of the business is the silence-is- golden system observed by the police. The last escapee (Watson), like the merry Zingari, roams the world free and unfettered. ' Phew ! The whole business savors strongly of a theatrical farce. I must certainly compliment Police Magistrate James in connection with an alleged Chinese shooting case that bobbed up for trial recently, it was said that so many bullets had been fired through a' fence. The P.M., how ever, is a modern bird, and knows full well that a Chinaman could not hit a haystack, let alonoasheetof galvanised iron, and so he (Magistrate James) remanded the case. The P.M. then leisurely strolled down to the scene of the ' occurrence, and on the score that '.seeing is believing' examined the ' bullet' if) holes, and feeling convinced that they were nail holes, dismissed the case. Bully for the P.M. Shake hands. The two lady vocalists met and the result of the consultation was that it was, to a certain extent, agreed that they would give jointly a ' Musical at Home,' and so trot out tho combined forces of their pupils. Whpn.however, one lady advertised the whole show as 'hern,' the other lady kind'o naturally got her back up, as the saying is, and tho probabilities now are that the second lady and her pupils will bo con spicuous by their absence. It is to be hoped that when next we hear 'By Killarney's Lake3 and Fella,' that the other vocalist will not 'fell' aud kill — arneybody, but 'oh! merry goes the time when the heart is young.' Well, well, f was ever thus—' Sunshine and Bain.' The old saying, 'No Irish need apply,' has been dealt a death blow in the victory of the Son of Ould Erin, .Eeynolds, over Porta at the League Carnival. For lleynolds no flr gives the Italian ' what for,' Does the man that came over from Ireland. While Porta*s supporters a licking abhor, From the man that came over from Ireland. Like a shot from a gun, like a greased lightning flash, Sped Keynolds along with a record to smash ; For his riding exhibited exquisite dash, Hnrroo ! for the bhoy from Ould Ire laizd! 