MR. O'ffiALLEY VINDICATES HIM SELF. ; • • Rising at 3.45 p.m. in the Assembly on Tues day Mr. O'Malley referred to the charges levelled against him last year by political opponents. He said he'believes in keeping the fountain head of justice pure,, and he recog nised that had Mr. Morehead's slanders been true he was not fit to sit in Parliament. If he had not been able to produce evidence to vindi cate himself, he said, he would not have come back from West -Australia. Elected to the House on April 23, 1S9G, lie was asked for assistance by Morehead on May 25, and be sides giving him money he got him a position at Broken Hill, from which he was dismissed at his (Mr. O'Malley's) instigation on July 21. The first blackmailing letter was received from Morehead on July 29, and when afterwards in the street he was refused help Morehead threatened to go to Mr. Chittleboroughj secre tary cf the Licensed "Victuallers' Association and tell him some stories about him (Mr. O'Mailey). In November he entered an action against Morehead, and it was tried on December 2 and he was treated, he complained, as though he was the defen dant and Morehead the informant. "Didn't the judge advise you to go into the box?" asked Mr. Solomon, the reply was "No, he said he didn't believe either of us." " What, were you both Americans ?" asked Mr. Wood, and there was a laugh, after which Mr. O'Malley remarked that neither Mr. Cave, Mr. Parsons, nor Mr. Hutchinson was asked to go in tlie box, and he would not have been had he not been a poor stranger. The judge, he suggested, had been so many years in politics that perhaps he was an expert on the value which ought to be set on a legislator's cha racter, and so he only awarded him £2 2s. damages, .which so far had not been paid. He did not wish, he said, to bolster himself up on the ghosts of the departed wit and wisdom of the dead members of the O'Malley family, but stood on his own character. Ho then read a letter from Mr. W. Dumphy, manager of the Home Insurance Company, San Erancisco, from which Morehead had alleged he had been • dismissed. The letter began "My dear King," and initMr.Dumphy. said he had never met Morehead, and he categorically denied the statements thatperson had made concerning Mr. O'Malley. Mr. Dumphy affirmed that Mr. O'Malley was in no way indebted to him or the company, and bore testimony to the fact of his trustworthi ness and reliability, concluding with a sugges tion that he would be glad to insure his life for 10,000 dollars. Ho enclosed a letter written to him by Mr. Chittloborougli on October 19,1896, in his capacity as secretary of what Mr. O'Malley somewhat bitterly. des cribed as "that Christian, progressive, and exalted Licensed Victuallers' Association, wliich pretended to have nothing to do with Morehead." Mr. Dumphy also sent the answer forwarded to Mr. Chittleborough on December 9, in which he stated that Mr. O'Malley was a Canadian, and wrote of him as an energetic worker of marked ability, strictly honest, entirely reliable and trustworthy. " Why," asked Mr. O'Malley with warmth, " was that letter suppressed by the associa tion ?" and members cheered lustly, as they did afterwards when lie asserted that it is the duty of the House to protect its members. He states that lie will move to have Mr. Chittleborough brought before thebarassoonas possible, and lie accused the Licensed Victual lers' Association of being behind "thewilful malignant perjuries of Moorehead." He also asserted that Messrs. Aldridge, Jene, and Hemiug had supplied Morehead with money to fight the action in the Supreme Court. "Every dog has itsday, and this is my day," he said, "The cats have their nights." "Weill know it," interjected Mr. Wood, fervently. He has evidently been kept awake lately. Mr. O'Malley ' finally challenged .the police to enforce the Sunday closing law which now he asserts is flagrantly violated. Later in tlie afternoon Mr. Mortloclc congratulated Mr. O'Malley and said he was exceedingly glad that he had cleared himself for, though he dislikes his politics, he looks on him as a friend. The House loudly cheered this generous speech. 