SPORTING NOTES. to-day's sporting calendar. ilmrsday, 20th August. — Maribyvnong races; Golac point to point steeplechase: Sale Turf Club races. Tito Caulfield Cup forms tlio subject of a special article by " Asmodcus1-' in "The Lender" this. week. "Javelin's" com ments upon current sporting topics under Pepper and Salt finish with a vorso about ono of tho best known of turf celebrities, Mivltobcrt Orr; and American sporting notes by "Hidalgo" aro of special interest, as they deal chiefly with tlic pro geny of sires exported to America from Aus tralia und New Zealand. "Toprail" contri butes another .interesting account of a run with tlio Melbourne Hounds; niul tlie pre miership football matches of last Saturday aro criticised by "Follower." Cycling notes, by "Tangent, cover tlie 50-mile road race. Cricketers will bo interested in the revised rules and . regulations for tlie approaching season. "Waterproof's" angling notes contain information concerning spots where the best sport is to bo found. "Outrigger" deals witli rowing news, "Ecseo" with tlie gun, and "Left Home" with , lacrosse, other sporting sub jects receiving attention being amateur athletics, swimming, golf and polo. A capital programme of six events will bp run through to-dny at Maribyrnong, and visitors are likely to spend a pleasant after noon. The first race is timed to stnrt at 2.30, nnd tlie course may bo readied by train to Ascot Yale or cabs from the lioval Mail Hotel. 3 There lias been considerable speculation as to the number of horses tlint will start 111 luuFiiiduu Harriers Ladies' Bracelet, tlie entries for which totalled 70. When Bntty rode Tlie Ghost to victory in a similar race 111 1883 there were 42 starters, which is the Australian record, but not the English. On tliat occasion there were only 57 entries received, nnd the fact tliat there were only 15 withdrawals was certainly n gratifying compliment to the hniulicnpper. Despite tlie increased number of entries for the Findon meeting, it is doubtful it the record estab lished in The Ghost's year will lie broken. At tlie minttnl meeting of tlie Williams- town Racing Club held 011 Tuesday evening Mr. C. F. Orr, who presided, congratulated tlic members upon tlie very satisfactory position of tlie club, and the results of tlie year. Tho balance sheet showed a net prolit 011 tlie year of between £1100 and £1200. The chut hud held eight meetings, each of which iiacl been successful, the total profit being £1778. The sum of £2750 lmd been given fiwny in stakes. Tlie chairman pointed out that the club lmd not reduced the stakes, but liad on the contrary increased their value by £590, nnd a gratifying feature of tlie year's work was tlio giving of £200 for the Winter Steeplechase nt the last meeting. The balnnee shoot was unanimous ly adopted. Messrs. C. F. Orr and A. Hon- man, retiring committeemen, were re- elec ted, and the following officers were appoin ted:— Chairman, Mr. 0. F. On-; treasurer, Mr. G. Bevis; secretary, Mr. IT. P. Sutton; lion, surgeons, Drs. II. W. Bryant nnd A. Honniaii; lion, veterinary surgeon, Mr. S. O. Wood; auditor, Mr. P. S. Tuckett: judge, Air. A. A. Woods; starter, Air. G. 0. Wat son; linndicapper. Air. G. Yowlcs; clerk of tlie course, Air. W. Dohcrty; clerk of the scales, Air. 13. Allies; timekeeper and short hand reporter, Air. P. J . Brennnn. The pro- ceedings closed witli votes of thanks to tiio chairman nnd secretary. The Tasmnninn jumper Alontrose, who hurt liis legs when lie fell ill tlie Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, lias now re covered, and tlie chances arc lie will he a starter in tlio Steeplechase at Cnulfield 011 Saturday. Ho is a good horse, and likely to pick up a few prizes during liis stay iu Alel bourne. The well bred Rivorina inarc Silver Rose, by Sunrise — Rose, who lias been trained at Caulfield, has broken down, nnd in conse quence she is>to be sent back to Wagga. Woodbine lias been scratched for tlio Ladies' Bracelet to b run nt the Findon Harriers' meeting at Caulfield 011 Saturday week. . - Amongst the season's yearlings at Wel lington Park, New Zealand, 11 son of ITotcli- lciss— Frailty, and a son of St. Leger— Cissy, are spoken of in most enthusiastic terms; It would bo difficult to exdol tlie breeding, especially in tlie former ensr Frailty lias given to tlio turf a multitude of prized race horses, the most notable being tlie famous Trenton. Venus, a Tnsmanian mare, by Afozart, who is engaged in tlie Now Zealand Cup r.t 7 st. 4 lb., is reported to have left to fulfil the engagement. 