SHOULD A MAN PROPOSE BEFORE HE HAS PROSPECTS 2 A man is often in serious perplexity about a proposal (says a writer in London Evening News). He loves a girl, and he longs to tell her so, and secure her for his own ; and yet he knows quite woll he is not in a position to face papa upon a question of settlements, and so be halts between two opinions, tormented with doubt. If he has absolutely no prospects whatever, there certainly seems littlo good in proposing marriage. It would be better to keep silence altogether, were it not for a way men have of being unable to help showing their love for a girl, and haunting her society, even when they aro aware their prospects are hopeless. To show a girl you love her, and to haunt her footsteps, is, mostly, to make her care for you in return— at all events, there is danger of doing so. That boing the case, a man bound in honor is to speak. He cannot win a girl's lovo by showimr her his. and then ride away and say nothing more. He must tell her how matters stand. If he has the ghost of a prospect he must ask her whether she thinks it sufficient to wait for ; but he should make it plain that be cannot consider himself ill-used if she thinks tho waiting too long and too indefinite. If thore is no prospect at all he cannot ask for any promise. But he can tell her how happy it would have made him to have her for his wife bad fate been kinder. Tbat will at least prevent her eating her heart out iu the mortification of fancying she has given her lovo to liim without being asked for it — a mortification greater to a woman than a man can have the least idea of. Without definite prospects no man has any right to bind a girl by an engagement. 'Life at Government House.' Sydney society from a Government House point of view. Behind the scenos. A series of sensa tional artioles 011 this subject is now appear ing in the Catholic Press, as well as startling artioles on ' How Our Women Earn a Living.' Get a copy from your newsagent, or send stamps to office, Kent-street, Sydney. Price 3d.' Right Hon. R. Seddon, of New Zealand, is himself a prominent figure, and during tho Jubileo social rejoicing and his trip abroad his portly form could not but command atten tion. But the Land of tbo Moa was doubly prominent in tbe person of tbe Premier's daughter, who is as fine a specimen of young womanhood as could be found in New Zealaud, and that colon^7 is noted for its produots in the line of handsome women and athletic men, just as the original inhabitants were the most splendid of savages in the world. Kolacene should be drunk, not only to quenoh thirst, but for invigorating properties.® 