'BULLETIN' BUMPTIOUSNESS Huts for Hoodies. A STUDY OF STYLE. (B\ the Editor.) Robert. Louis Stevenson, we have lately been told, formed his style by a painstaking study of writers who so excelled. Who knows ? It is never too late to mend. If, for our own part, we could only acquire an ?engaging style, it might yet be the making of us. There, for example, is our clever contemporary, '.i.nc jrmuowu. vvubi-u can we find a model of wit or wisdom that can surpass his? Here, too, we have at hand a masterpiece in which our clever con temporary surpasses himself, and who can realise what that implies ? But Tartufe, we perceive, has taken a secular habit. He utterly despises the Escaped Nun and William III.— everyone, in short, whose memory is held by Catholics in detestation. He also despises some whose memory Catholic venerate. The one ex pression of contempt is a set off against the other. Our clever contemporary conde scends to bo Scriptural for the nonce. He becomes all things to nil men that he may ern.in n, few. What our contemporary Hares up about, in fact, are ghosts and dust, and all that kind of thing,— mortal or im mortal remains, in short, that are out ?of date. It is a ease once more of Mark Twain's mummy. Our contemporary also prefers the 'nice fresh corpse,' bigotry adapted to the period. Who that, from week to week, turns over the pages of his publication does not perceive it there in all its fragrance ? He gives us now a redeem ing word — the traditional sop thrown to Cerberus — as to 'beauty and incense and stained glass, and thrilling logond.' Oc casionally also, we may remark in passing, he throws us a word of sympathy for Home Rule or a pleasing sketch of some Irish lender. His typical Irishman, nevertheless, is f.. bestial fellow, hardly human1 in ? his .aspect, and in speech and wit only fit to .associate with gutter-snipe. Our contem porary's ordinary view of the Catholic religion is one that, if true, would justify the tirades of the Escaped Nun, whom ho affects to ?despise, and the penal laws of William III., whose memory he affects to anathematise. He gives us now a picture -of the Cardinal, as we repeat, his Eminence might bo if reflected V the eye of a gorilla, pulling the tail of the Orange pup. Had our con temporary exposed himself to the pencil of the caricaturist, more hideous by far must be the truthful result. The Orange pup, in comparison, must appear a woll-favourecl lap-log. The escaped Nun is, indeed, as our clever contemporary cleverly allows an 'eminently vulgar and foolish charlatan,' and William III. 's is an accursed memory. Both, however, may compare favourably with Mme. Favargo, or the Vengeance, or Raoul Rigault, or Lyaz, or Fonouillas, or Bavnchol, or Pallas, or Vaillant. Tho Nun and King William represent extreme bigots of a religious school ; the others represent the bigots produced by the infidel school, of which the 'Bulletin 'is an organ. Our contemporary condemns the evil that Orange bigotry has in the past done in New South Wales. His proposal is therefore, that it should be left in undisputed possession of the field. Of this proposal, however, he himself appears to see the absurdity. And, indeed, he could hardly pretend to be altogether blind to it. Such a pretence would be quite out of keeping with the character of smartness, our contemporary is obliged to maintain. What, meantime, we had proposed to our selves was to profit by' the model of wit and wisdom given us in the ' Bulletin. ' Here, for instance : — ' As there is no mass to be said, and no communion to be administered, the Holy Roman or the sour and baleful Protestant are of no more value, as such, at the Federal Convention than the footballer or the Mormon elder, or the boss chess-player,, or the prize long- jump man.' Where the joke comes in it may require some penetration to see. If we have not the ' nous ' to dis cover it, the fault, perhaps, is our own. At any rate, if we could not see the wit of the other, we can see the wisdom of this : — ' The fact that a man is a good member of any creed doesn't fit him to tackle an ob struse political question any more than the fact that he has a special knowledge of catching whales.' But we would ask our clever contemporary if it would hinder a man in tackling such questions either to be a good member of a creed or to know how to catch whales.' As we have seen, our con temporary seems, when it suits his purpose, to know what whales are like, or at least, what is like a whale.. Vincent Wallace, for example, knew how to catch whales, yet he could compose an opera. Mr. Gladstone, probably, did not know how to catch whales, but he was an adept in work scarcely more intellectual. While his strength lasted he could cut down trees. He was doubly objectionable, indeed, for he was also a good member of a creed, and yet he could very ably tackle abstruse political questions, in short, it may bo questioned, whether a more intimate ac quaintance with blubber would do anything to spoil the intellectual standing even of our clever contemporary himself. What rumour spreads abroad as passing around the melting pots seems pretty well on a par with the humour of his pages. Nothing, they say, can surpass tho smartness on board a whaler. Not even our con temporary's rare contribute!.1, his ' wrathful and profane f oot-baller '. — the author of that Bulletinesque and forceful phrase. 'Let the ? thing sweat,' — could beat it. As to the estimation of tho Cardinal's abilities given by our contemporary, that depends. A critical Hodge, for example, has been known to remark of some artist of- renown engaged in painting a landscape that the cove as took' tho photos could do it a ? sight better. T3ut here is a specimen the humour of which, if not its wisdom, cannot possibly be mistaken :?— ' William III, or St. Peter or any other deceased foreigner.' ' Caudal appendage ' is exhausted. ' D ? d shovel ' has become common-place. 'Deceased foreigner ' is sweetly fresh and reviving. We may justly exclaim, with Philaminte, ' On n'en pent plus.' Subtle, too, and delicate is that idea of speaking of the Cardinal as' Mr. Moran.'1 The only flaw is a slight failing in novelty. Had we not, for instance, already heard of ' Signor Pecci,' Then, something over a hundred years ago, there was the ' Widow Capet.' Later on, at the time of the Com mune, we had the ' woman Bonaparte.' Nay, a particular instance has come within the more humdrum range of our own know ledge. Once upon a time, there lived in the vil lage of Enniskerry , in the county Wicklow, a pious old body who held it sinful to give her betters their titles. 'Theodosia, over there at the castle,' was the style in which she alluded to the lady of the manor— Lady Powerscourt. Good old Tabitha, how it would have tickled lier to hear that, 50 or HO years afterwards, with the advance of the age, her. .manners should be those of the slickest editor in all the southern hemis phere. Broad-brim, too, they say, ever since his invention, has employed such a method of address. But here, if report speaks true, Tartnfe again steps in. Old Tabitha, like Broad-brim, however, acted from religion — not from vulgarity and im pudence — and that makes all the difference. Another sample quotation— another also suggestive of good. old Tabby, and ?we are done: — 'No other man unless he dyes his night- shirt bright-red and wears it out side his clothes during his canvass can meet the Cardinal on even terms.' The joke is worthy of the caudle-cup. For our own part we confess dust and ghosts, — the 'defunct alien,' or that other chap, in fact — commands our preference. Shade of Dean Swift or Father Prout ! There are actually those who take this fustian for wit or humour. A success like that of Robert Louis Stevenson, then, can hardly reward the student of the ' Bulletin.' It would be a beggarly recompense of a student's labours for him to turn but a Joe Miller in his dotage. Still what could be expected ? ' Nemo clat quod non habet ?' One lucid interval, nevertheless, there occurs in this leader to which we rofor. It seems to have come unawares upon the writer, who, apparently, involuntarily utters in it a heavy condemnation of his own weekly. He speaks of a decrease of sectarianism which he notes. 'And the saddening consideration even about this im provement is,' he says, 'that it doesn't arise, so far as all the evidence goes, from the increasing intelligence of the community, so much as from its increasing indifference. ... The Australian, as a rule, doesn't take his religion very seriously. Unluckily he takes very few other things with much seriousness either.' Passing over any marked insistence on the palpable contra diction given by this sentence to all our contemporary's argument as to the danger and wickedness of stirring up sec tarian strife — for what can be worse or more brutalising than a condition of stagnant indifference ? we shall merely point out the confession virtually made of grievous culpability. Tho 'Bulletin's' whole powers are constantly dovoted to stamp out all traces of religion, to prevent all serious thought, and to encourage all that is, at best, frivolous. Our contemporary .seemed bad enough when in his lightness and ribald ry, he appeared to be blind. If seeing the evil that he does, he continues week after week to distract and corrupt the youth of tho colony, then we say Tartufe, in his secular habit, is worse oven than the satirist had represented him to be under the garb of religion. 