SPECIAL WEATHER FORECAST. The following special forecast was issued from the Capemba Observatory at 10 30 p.m. yesterday :- Local observations indicate that fine weather will prevail over the greater part of Queensland during the next twenty-four hours. QUEENSLAND UNIVERSITY EXTENSION A meeting of the council was held at the | chambers of the Chief Justice on Saturday last, when there were present- the presi- dent. Miss Hunt, Miss Fewings, Miss Bur- dorff, Dr. Gibson, Messrs. Roe, M'Connel, Scott, Power, Anderson, and Groom. A letter was read from the registrar of the Sydney University, stating that the ap- plication for local examinations for uni- versity degrees was under the consideration of the senate. The council resolved to recommend that the constitution of the University Extension he altered so as to enable it to assist movements in furtherance of higher education. The report of the sub- committee arranging lectures for the | current year was received. It was re- solved to make application to Sydney for the appointment of the lecturers of the College of Pharmacy to the staff of Exten- sion lectures. The general meeting of the Standing Committee was fixed for Friday, 30th Instant. THE EASTER ENCAMPMENT. The preliminaries in connection with the I annual encampment of the Defence Force | at Lytton were in a forward state yesterday. The first contingent arrived late on Satur- day night, and consisted of K Company, 1st Regiment, Infantry, from Lowood, under Lieutenant H. Lawson. Yesterday morning the Mounted Infantry trooped in, and the usual scene of activity incidental to pitching camp followed. The Government steamer Otter in the afternoon conveyed members of the Engineers, Garrison Battery, and a company of the Moreton Infantry. The Artillery, under Major Foxton, went down by road. The Headquarters Band also embarked by the Otter, and played the troops into camp. The real work of the camp will begin on Wednesday. On Thursday next the Volunteer Force will go into camp. The arrangements for the camp have been most satisfactory. NEW SWANBANK COLLIERY COMPANY, | LIMITED. The strike of the workmen employed at I the Swanbank Colliery of the New Swan- bank Colliery Company, Limited, is happily at an end. Saturday last was pay day at the colliery, and after the wages were paid a conference took place between a deputation from the workmen on the one side and Mr. E. Lloyd-Owen, one of the directors, Mr. Caffrey, and Mr. Wolley, the manager, on the other side. After a long discussion all matters in difference between the company and workmen were, we are informed, satisfactorily and amicably ar- ranged, and the colliery will be In full work again this morning. QUEENSLAND NATIONAL ART GALLERY. Two new pictures have been added to the collection in the National Art Gallery. " York Minster," by Harry Hine, R.I., is the gift of Mr. J. Godwin King, of Stoneland, East Grinstead. It is a beautiful picture in water- colours, showing the magnificent old minster to Its best advantage. Owing to the JDean and Chapter having caused some of the old houses which surrounded the cathedral to be removed, Mr. Hine has been able to choose a point of view where most of the building is visible, the west front forming the centre of interest. A group of old red brick houses in the right hand corner enhances and gives value to the fine atmospheric effect. By the clever drawing and the beauty of the soft shadows on the lower portion of the building, one may easily realise why Mr. Hine has made a name for himself as a painter of Eng- lish cathedrals. This generous gift is sure to be much admired and appreciated by the many visitors to the gallery, Mr. Godwin King, the donor of this picture, is a son-in- law of Mr. A. M. Francis, P.M., lately of Sherwood. Mr. Henry Reilly, of Glen Aplin, Stanthorpe, sends as a gift his pic- ture of "Ghosts' Gully," which was ex- hibited some years back in the Queensland Art Society's exhibition. Local scenery well depicted is sure to be an attraction. Mr. Reilly is very truthful in his work, and shows to his best in the way he paints the Australian trees. THE "PORT OF CLEVELAND." At a meeting of the Cleveland Divisional Board on Saturday, Mr. Thorne, the chair- man, moved,-" That the Colonial Trea- surer bo requested by this board, before any large expenditure is resolved . on In con- nection with deepening the Brisbane River, as an alternative to obtain estimates as to the comparative cost and expediency, from a national point of view, of deepening Raby Bay and erecting whar.es for the recep- tion of the oversea shipping trade of the port of Brisbane." He spoke brielly In support of the" motion, and said he would be very glad if It was carried unanimously. If the Government would not undertake the work of making a port in Raby Bay, lie thought they could ßct a private com- pany to dredge and mnke a port at Cleve- land. Mr. Pink seconded the motion, re- ferring to the early efforts to make Cleve- land the rival port to Brisbane. Even if the river were dredged to the depth of 30ft., there was not room for large vessels of the P. and O., Orient, French, and Ger- man mail companies. The motion would lead the Government to think over the question. The motion was carried unani- mously without any further discussion, aud the clerk was Instructed to send It to the Acting Premier. AUSTRALIAN JOINT STOCK BANK. The local inspector of the Australian Joint Stock Bank has received a cable message stating that all arrangements aro now completed In England and Scotland for the scheme of rearrangement of the bank, and that the respective committees will join in recommending the depositors to support the new arrangement. It now only reinaln_ for meetings of shareholders and depositors to be arranged, and the hank's solicitors have been instructed to apply to the Supreme Court of New South Wales to fix the dates for such meetings in London, Sydney, and Brisbane. THE GAIETY THEATRE. The Gaiety Theatre was well attended ou Saturday night, when a new programme was "presented by the Messrs. Delohery, Bovls, and Deane's Speciality Company. Tho balladlsts, Miss Bessy. Morgan and Miss Nellie Strltch sang, respectively, " Joyous Life" and "The Outcast" in excellent style, and Mr. Sydney Deane gave a very tuneful rendering of " The song that will live for over." The serio- comic artistes, Miss Stella Tudor, Miss Florrie Ranger, and Miss'Edle Reeves, each gave fresh selec- tions, all of which were received with ap- preciation. Mr. Charles Bovls sang a humorous soDg, which was vociferously re- ceived. Mr. T. Delohery gave the jubilee melody, " Telephone in the Air," and Mr. Ted. Holland " In Training," both numbers being well received. In the second part of the programme Mr. Alf. Whitlam gavo a cornet-'Solo, and "the Lennon brothers per- formed several clever and new acrobatic feats. Messrs. Delohery, Craydon, and Holland danced a triplo statue clog dance, Introducing their challenge dance. Miss Beanie Galletley and tho sisters Lingard danced with their usual skill, and Mr. Pat. Melton scored success with his coster songs. The programme concluded with a laughable comedy. _QUEENSLAND AT THE HAMBURG _" __ EXHIBITION. _ uSnaco at the Hamburg Exhibition has been .applied for hy Mr. Dicken (writes our Lon- don correspondent), who has deputed Mr. Grant, of the office, to attend at the show, which opens in May and remains open till September. It is hoped that a good posi- tion will he secured ; some of the most .useful of the Queensland literature will be translated into German for the occasion. Samples of Queensland hardwoods will be taken to Hamburg. Every endeavour should be made in connection with th!s effort on the part of the colony to do some- thing with resard to these woods during the 'exhibition, for Hamburg is the largest market In Europe for nardwoods, and an Immense distributing centre. CYCLING PROTESTS. At a meeting of the Racing Board of the League held on Saturday night to consider the protest lodged in the afternoon, Mr. F. Batson withdrew his protest, with the sanction of the board. The protest lodged by Mr. J. T. Herbert was dismissed, and the secretary was instructed to write to him and caution him to-be moro careful in future, as in the opinion of the board lie caused Mr. Sterne to cut in on the grass, instead of the latter causing him to run wide, as claimed in the protest.. Conse- quently the results of the races are as given by the judges. AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE AT GATTON. Matters have now progressed so far at the Gatton Agricultural College that it is intended on Wednesday of Easter week (21st instant), to give a demonstration of the best methods of ensilage making and fodder curing. A fine crop of sixteen acres of green maize, the first product of the college farm, will bo used hy Professor Shelton for this purpose, and invitations will be ex- tended to all interested. Although the weather has been unusually dry, It is said that the growth of this crop is such as to fully justify the Professor's methods, and visitors may not unlikely desire some in- formation as to the manner in which it has been grown. As previously announced, the college term does not begin till 1st July ; but preparations are at present being made for a conference of farmers, representative of all parta of the colony, to be held there on the 10th and 11th June next. COMMERCIAL ROWING CLUB. The sports night arranged for by tho Commercial Rowing Club takes place at tho Gaiety Theatre to-morrow night (Tuesday), and promises to be a hig success. The president of the club. Thomas Finney, Esq., M.L.A., has taken a. box for the evening, and several large parties have heen formed, so that the reserved seats are being rapidly booked at Nicholson's, where the plan Is open. The songs and choruses to be given during the interval between the acts of tho Gaiety Elite Company's performance are well chosen, and will be rendered by weil known singers. , PALM SUNDAY AT ST. STEPHEN'S CATHEDRAL. Yesterday being Palm Sunday, the solem- nities of the Holy Week began with the services appointed for the day. Father Coglan, the Jesuit Father, immediately after the first gospel ascended the pulpit and narrated an incident in the life of Napoleon during his exile in St. Helena. Speaking with tho few companions of his exile, on one occasion, of the great captains and heroes of history-Julius Caesar, Hannibal, Alex- ander the Great, and others-ho re- marked that their names were forgotten. One name alone had survived-one name that had captivated millions, and that for (eighteen centuries-one nam|> alone was green ; and not only did the name sur- vive, but the person of Christ was loved. Millions would, during this week of weeks, come to His image, and, kneeling, express their intense devotion to Him: The Church would in her solemn language and offices bring before her children the tragic event of Mount Calvary. The flrbt Palra Sunday was ushered in with hosauuahs, but how fickle and weak was the human heart. A few bhort dajs, and " Cr_ciry Him'" v a3 heal d-in the street- of Jerusalem. Christ, from HÍ3 bli th t_ the moment He stretched out His arms on the cross, despised power, despised wealth, and all the pleasures of this world. He lied into the mountains when they wanted to make Him a king. All tlioso who profess His name should cndea\our to follow In His footsteps, and by doing so secure for themselves the bless- ings of an eternal v.oild, where souls purl fled by the ti ¡als, temptations, and crosses of this woild tasted that pcrlcct bliss which the suffeilngs of the Sou of God purchased for them. At the evening services the learned and eloquent Jesuit delivered a powerful and irupiessive sermon on the etetnal torments of hell. Father Coglan was listened to with profound attention throughout by the vast congregation. The mission continues all the week, and will be concluded on Easter Sunday evening. THE AGRICULTURAL LANDS REPUR- CHASE ACT. In the course of an article on " Settling tho People on the Land," the " Allora Guar- dian" of 10th instant says :-In a previous article on this question we mentioned that it was understood that among other estates Headington Hill was' In the mailcet. We now have excellent authority for stating that a definite offer of this estate has been made by Messrs. Dalgety to the Go\ em- inent, and that the ofier is now under con- sideration. What the repurchase and burst- ing up of this estato would mean to the district can, as wo have already shown, bo best understood by the results achieved by the cutting up of the Allora exchanged lands and tho Clifton Estate. A very consider- able area of Headington Hill consists of arable land of the highest quality, ready for the plough without necessitating any' heavy outlay on the preliminary work of clearing. Its merits oie sufficiently under- stood by the residents of the district, and It Is a question whether It is not desirable that some efforts should be made by the holding of meetings or by other appropriate means, to impress on the Government the demand for land that undoubtedly exists. A petition extensively signed was some time since sent by the Goomburra residents in re- ference to the resumption of Goomburra, and reference was made to the matter at Monday's meeting of the Municipal Council, by the receipt of a letter from the member for the district, advising that Mr. Donkin should submit an offer to the Government, it ho has not already done so. A child of 3 years of age named Percy Amy, who was admitted into the Children's Hospital on Saturday suffering from injuries sustained by a kick from a horse, died at that institution yesterday morning. The child's parents reside at Redland Bay. The anniversary services in connection with the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Sun- day School were held yesterday, when the Rev. G. D. Buchanan preached on each occasion. The school children led the ser- vice of praise, under the conductorship of Mr. Clacher, ably assisted by Mrs. M'Kln nell at the organ. In the afternoon the usual children's service was held, and the prizes won during the past year were dis-, trlbuted by Mr. Buchanan. After a few remarks by Mr. F. Ransom, the superin- tendent of tho Sunday school, the Rev. G. D. Buchanan addressed the children. The platform of tho church was tastefully deco- rated with flowers in honour of the cele- brations. Writing on the 5th March, our London correspondent says :-Mr. Dicken delivered a lecture at the Imperial Institute on Tues- day upon ""Queensland of To-day ; Some Notes on /its Progress and Resources." Sir Robert Herbert was In the chair, and though the weather was tempestuous, the audience was a fair one. Amojigat those present were-Sir Frederick Abel (director general of the institute), Mr. H. C. Stanley, Mr. Nisbet, Mr. W. Weddel, and many, other old colonists. TheJ lecturer treated his subject very fully from every point of view, dwelling chiefly on those considerations which would weigh with people Inclined to make a change to other lands. Mr. Dicken brought out the great alteration in es-' porters' (from this country) prospects in- duced by the tariff change, he alluded to tho now features in wheat-growing, and touched up tho paper with some brief descriptions of sport and station life. Mr. Rands has arrived (says our London 'correspondent), and will make hie head- quarters- in, Northampto'i. The Acting Agent-General has arranged with him fe tho delivery of mining lectures ; two will come off shortly on the mining resources _t Queensland, one probably at the Imperial Institute, and the other in the city some- where, possibly the Chamber of Commerce. Saturday's " Government Gazette' con- tains copy of a despatch from the Secre- tary of State, covering copy and revised regulations respecting Naval Cadets, which increases the number of colonial nomina- tions from four to six annually. In future there will be three examinations in eacn year-namely, March, July, and December, and the limits of age will be raised gradually at each successive examination until the minimum of 14 years, and the maximum of 15% years are reached in Jan- uary, 189S. As regards 1SA8 and subsequent years, a'request is made that applications may reach the Secretary of Stale not later than 31st December of the year immediately preceding that for which the nomination is desired, in order that they may be con- sidered in time for the March examination. A %'ery'successful concert was given in the Nudgee-road State School on Friday,, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to necessary improvements in the school buildings. The Hon. J. R. Dickson pre- sided, and the arrangements were so ad- mirably carried out by the School Com- mittee that .the programme went througn without a hitch, a very large audience heros provided with a most enjoyable evenings amusement. As a result of the sale or tickets the school funds are expected to benefit to the extent of something like tin. which will go a long way towards paying for the improvements required ; and an- other entertainment of a similar character ,is likely to be arranged for in the near iuture. The programme was a varied one, including part songs by the school cmldr<jn' who performed character sketches, comic recitations, and step- dancing in a manner creditable both to themselves and to we head teacher, Mr. R. M'Comb. In the North Brisbane Small Debts Court on Friday, before Messrs. G. Robert, c. M'Leod, and J. Brimblecombe, JJ.Jy ver- dicts for the plaintiffs were given In tua following undefended cases :-H. and J. Howes v. H. Morwood, balance of gooos sold and money paid, £1 14s. 2d.; Golds- worthy and Perkins v. Geo. Blakely, money lent, £4 ISs.; A. Sargeant and Co. _ vv i . Young, goods sold, £5 7s.; Won. Maher v. J. Lynch, jun., balance of bread[sold, ti- ls. Id. Garnishee order : Wa. HeaUon.v. W. H. Clarke, garnishee on Colonel Jonn Sanderson Lyster for £4 ; garnishee ordered to pay £3 12s. 4d., including costs. Our Taroom correspondent chronicles the death of one of the oldest pioneers 0f the district, Mr. Robert James Salsbury, Bedourie station, at the age of 65 years. Mr. Salsbury was out mustering cattle that were about to be sent away for sale, when his horse fell, and rolling over him causing injuries, which ultimately resulted in his death. Dr. Cuthbert, of Taroom, who was sent for, arrived at Bedourie (after. riding day and night) on Thursday morning. The doctor, on his arrival, held out no hope of recovery, but remained with his patient until the last, doing all that medical skill could do to alleviate his sufferings. In spite of all care and attendance, however, Mr. Salsbury expired on Wednesday, 31st of March. Mr. Salsbury settled in the Taroom district In 1862, and has been connected with many movements to advance the town and district. He leaves a wife and family to mourn their loss. ' The arrangements entered into by the Railway Department for a special school excursion to Southport and .Nerang were very fully appreciated on Saturday.' Two snecial trains were crowded to their utmost capacity 257 adults and 512 scholars being booked from the Uoma-street, Brunswick street and Central stations. In addition to this number a considerable augmenta- tion was made at various of the sido sta- tions and it Is estimated that the number of excursionists was not far short of 1000. The monthly meeting of the Brisbane Sketching Club was held on (Friday, when there were present about fifteen members, ?whose work Is progressing rapidly, accord- ing to the sketches shown, the painting of »The Three Kittens" being very good. In tho competition of " Figure in Black and White," Miss Thynne obtained first prize for best Illustration of the subject (a child), and Mr. Hobday first prize for best work, his subject being a man's face. Dutton Park Is again to be the sketching place on Saturday, 24th instant, and Wooloowin is selected for Sth May. The subject for next month's work is "Still Life." Rain Is badly wanted In this district (writes our North Pine correspondent) ; the crops, both in the North and South Pine valleys, are suffering considerably.-A very painful accident happened at Albany Creek, South Pine, on Thursday last, to a son of Mr. Sergeant, schoolmaster, of that place. It appears that the boy In question, who is y> years of age, was cutting wood for the fire, when by some means he chopped off part of his thumb near the first joint, below the nail. Fortunately the lad's father was near at the time, and he, having learned the rules of first aid, rendered the necessary as- sistance. Up till yesterday (Saturday) the hoy was doing well. Yesterday very successful anniversary ser- vices were held at the Eagle Junction Church. In the morning the Rev. R. H. Roberts preached'to a good congregation, and in the evening the Rev. J. Barr preached in the place of the Rev. Hugh Jones, M.A., who was unable to take the pulpit through illness. The annual con versa7ione is postponed till tlie 4th of May, when it is intended to combine with the usual proceedings a welcome to Mr. H. A. Long, of Glasgow, who Is about to settle In the neighbourhood. A large quantity of scenery and pro- perties for the forthcoming Brough season at the Opera House has already arrived. The company will open on Saturday next with the successful emotional drama, " A Woman's Reason." Very fine parts are allotted to Mrs. Brough, Miss Temple, Miss Watt Tanner, Miss Hardy, Mr. Brough, Mr. Titheradge, Mr. Carey, Mr. Ferris (his first appearance in Brisbane), and the old favourites of the company. The box plan for the Initial performances is now on view at Nicholson's music warehouse. The company terminate their season In New- castle this evening, and are duo to reach Brisbane on Friday morning. A despatch from the Secretary of State published in Saturday's " Government Ga- zette" intimates that an arrangement has heen entered into by the Republics of Hon- duras, Nicaragua, and Salvador, under which the three republics will form a single political entity for the exercise of their sovereignty abroad under the name of the Greater Re- public of Central America, and will be re- presented by a Diet composed of three mem- bers chosen by each of the Legislatures. The Municipal Council of Allora are mak- ing arrangements for a fitting celebration to mark the opening of the Allora to Hendon Railway. A luncheon is to be given, and the Minister for Railways is to bo invited to ofen the railway. The other members of the Ministry, Messrs. Barlow, Allan, M'Gahan, Groom, and Fogarty, the Mayors of Brisbane, Toowoomba, and Warwick, the chairmen of the Clifton and Glengallan Divisional Boards, Commissioner for Rail- ways, and chiof railway officials, and others are to be Invited. Messrs. Stay and Player will act as joint secretaries. The " Allora Guardian" understands that tho line will not be opened until after Easter. Saturday's " Government Gazette" states that the undermentioned applications for the grant of letters patent have been ac- cepted :-R. Broadbent,'' of Gawler, '"South Australia, ironmonger, " Improvements In ipneumatic and other similar tires ;" J. M'Creath, Invercargill, New Zealand, iron founder, "Improvements In wool drying;" F. C. Esmond, New York, electrical en- gineer, " New or improved means of sup- porting or attaching the saddles or seats of bicycles and other vehicles ;" G. Haley, South Yarra, Victoria, surgeon (assignee of T. Eynon), " A portable sectional steam boiler or steam generator ;" H. Symes, Otago, Zew Zealand, auctioneer, " Improve-, ments in driving and controlling mechanism for velocipedes ;" E. C. Martin, Melbourne, journalist, " A pneumatic seat support prin- cipally applicable to bicycles." The services yesterday at the St. Michael and All Angels Church, New Farm, were very well attended (writes a correspondent). In the morning the Rev. Walter Thompson took as his subject " The Passion of Life." In the evening the church was filled, and the subject was " Workers with God." The solo " Calvary" was well rendered by Mr. P. Holland at the offertory, and the choir sang " The Story of the Cross" very effec- tively. Miss Norah Little, who has' re- sumed her duties as organist, rendered tho musical portion in a highly satisfactory man- ner, r The continuance, of dry weather (states the Bundaberg " Mail") is causing a good deal of anxiety to canegrowers, dairymen, and others alike. There Is no denying the fact the cane crop has In consequence re- ceived such a check, especially on the oid landB, that it cannot possibly recover, or show much growth, before the cold weather approaches. The dry spring of la", yeai, being favourable for harvesting opera- tions, enabled the whole of the crops to be taken off, thereby leaving little or no "cand- over cane In any part of the district. This, follow f-d by a dry and i unfavourable sum- mer, only confirms the opinions of, theso b?st able to judge, that the cane crop, even supping we ilo get a favourable winter, w.il be far short of previous years aTid the output of sugar for 1S97-98 considerably below the average. The Brisbane Literary Circle held their second meeting of the session at the Dis- trict Court on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance. Mrs. L. Cooper read a short paper on "Some points of difference between the French and the English novel." A discussion followed, in which Messrs. Brunton Stephens, R. H. Roe, T. E. White, St. Leger, Fewings, Mor- row, Mrs. Cooper, Miss Raymond, and others took part. The French novel was severely handled by its critics. Mr. W. Yaldwyn will lead the next meeting with a Paper on Shakspeare's "Richard III." Mr. J. J. M'Dermott announces that he has purchased the business of Mr. A. S. Denham, chemist, Ötanlcy-stroet, South Brisbane, and will carry on the concern in future." The shop has recently been re- novated and the stock replenished, BO that the wants^of all clients should be fully met. Mr. Robert Porter, in a notice to the stiareholdeis of the Queensland National nunk, appearing In another column, states inat chcumstances have alisen In connec- tion wlUi his English provies which have «ecided him to wlthdiaw from his candida- ture for the position of a director of the hank. tnA.l.m!l^Isterlal ln<luil'y was held on Friday _t »e Central Summons Court, before Mr. *elix Savage, J.P., relative to the death by gowning of a boy named Timothy Mark Ia U"i-aSfd 8 years, In the Brisbane River, opposite Crlbb- street, Milton, North Quay, on the 2nd instant. The statement of Ed thM- " ._cIn; a boy ° years ot ase. showed nat on the date named, at about 10 o'clock vu/h forenoon. deceased had been flnhin« Intr?f" t0n line' and 8l'PPed from a >°B C__M 1ater_ T,lere was no one "oar de- ceased when he fell In. After the alarm »as given a man named Reginald Scruse __._. " recovered the body, which then c£ Sa °f lif0< ThB inqulvy was den!wJea! novoltles opening daily in all «__t_l« B.e,e_ant and «tensive stocks constantly fresh and beautiful.« 