ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONO UNCED CASE HOPE. LESS. HELD TOBE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIIONY. (From the Australian 1lorknqan ) Our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis. 45 Crown-lano, Ultimo. Mr Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was dis covered nursing a baby, and his face de. clared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case? PV ell, I am glad of an op. portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " About five-and-half years ago I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual developmeht of Loco motor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. - The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cut ting my bones in two in every part of, me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my. self and every one else. I was incoe satly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat nor sleep. I saw a well known doctor, and be told me that my case was tlterly'hopelesse." "I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffer ing from Locomotor Ataxia, or Pro gressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) "Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea' conveyed by the advertisement deacribing the curs effected in the case of another boilermaker in Eogland, which I read in the Australian Work man, by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tho advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr WVitl liams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent fore box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing .was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former rigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mtrs Jarvie, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said "Dr Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. " I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of heaIhh and strength to work at that trade, I am bettor to-day than I lhave been at any time dtring the past five years. I sneribo all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. 1 am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctors gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can sliy where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has boon amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quito a sense tion out hero." WaIIAT 311 LABOR LEADEi M'GOWEnl c xNOWa. Mr J. S. T. M'Goweo, M.P., leader of the labor party in the Now South Wales Assembly, was also seen in con nection with the remarkable case of Mr Thomas Jaries. He says he has known Jarvis from infancy.. IIo also ,knoew that lie had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he had developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his re covery. He understood Jarvis was re fused admission to the Sydney hospital, as his case had been pronounced incur able. Mr 1'Gowecn was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams's Pink Pills for Palo People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxy; they positively eure rheumatism sciatica, lumbago and neu ralgia, and influenza's evil after effeoots, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as anaemia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nor vonus headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system. Dr Williams's Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from Dr Williams's Medicine Com pany, Salisbury Buildings, Queen street, Melbourne, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d or half-dozen for ins 3d, -An. 