MY LIES IN TWO HEMI SPHERES. ? 'V^ BY THE HON. Sill CHARLES GAVAN ? DUFPY, K.C.M.a. BOOK SECOND— CHAPTER I. , THE SECOND YOUNO IllELAND PAKTY. (Continued.) A hecrtjit whom I greatly desired was now at liberty to join the Nation, and I welcomed him cordially. M'Gee sent me this letter some months after my original application to him : — No. 7 Agar-street, Strand, London, April 13th, 1846. My Dear Duffy, — I have ceased, from Saturday night last, to be connected with the Fkbemax. When Dr. Gray came here a fortnight ago he asked me if I knew who wrote the ' Letters from London' in the Nation, which I at once told him I did. In a note to me on baturday evening he announced that he and his ' co-directors' considered that fact sufficient cause to 'determine our connection.' I must tell 3rou that when he first spoke to me on the subject I told him that I wrote the lettei'3 in ques tion. He expressed astonishment, on which I said — ' If you think I have wronged you, or broken any engagement given or implied, in making this use of my leisure, I have only to add that I do not, and I would wish from this moment to resign all connection with you, supposing you think as I say.' He then said something of a violation of ' the etiquette of the Dublin Press,' and so dropped the subject until Saturday, when his note renewed it. As you are our literary Mentor, I wish to know whether you think I acted as became an Irish writer and a man of honour ? I breakfasted on Sunday with Pigot and O'Hagan, no one in London or elsewhere knowing from me what has occurred except O'Hagan. We talked of your projected School History,* when the former Baid he thought we ought to wait until we see what the Repeal Prize will produce. However, a month will determine that. Meantime, I may see you in Dublin, or, if I continue here, will certainly not lose sight of that work, so long wanted, and so necessary now. — Believe me to be very truly yours, ? T. D. M'Gee. In reply, I invited M'Gee to return to Dublin and become a regular contributor to the Nation, which he did. The Library of Ireland claimed constant atten tion, and to aid me in corresponding with contribu tors and others I appointed as sub-editor Thomas Devin Reilly, a townsman whom I had known from his infancy. But he was still a boy, though a boy of remarkable ability, and he soon reported to me that the contributors would not accept him as a substitute for the editor, and the plan had to be relinquished, and in compensation I placed him on the permanent stall of the Nation. Another trouble I had with the Library must be mentioned. I had promised to write a second volume for the series, and had selected a subject in the untrodden places of history — untrodden, at any rate, by Irish stu dents. ' The Rising of 1G41,' which I proposed to name, after the habit of its disparagers, ' The Great Popish Rebellion,' was announced to appear at a period only four or live months distant, and I had Hot written a line of it. Early in the new year I put Mitchel in temporary control of the paper and took up the book. I procured country lodgings at Dundrum, and resolved to live secluded and tranquil for two or three months, till the book was com pleted. I worked steadily for a couple of weeks, but to discount the coming time is a rash operation. When the King of Abyssinia decreed a week of general enjoyment, in which it would be treason to fret or grow sulky, we know what cavne of it. 1 find ' in a diary of the period that during these two months stringent engagements rained on me. The printers of the Nation 'threatened a strike if they did not get concessions altogether inordinate ; it became sud denly necessary to prevent the collapse of the Library of Ireland by a large loan to the publishers by William Eliot Hudson and myself. Frederick Lucas arrived in Dublin, and was entitled to receive ?oronipt personal attention. A more important visi tor followed him, Thomas Carlyle, and during the week of his stay work was impossible. These claims were met to the best of my ability, but ' The Great Popish Rebellion' got neglected. To write in such an embroglio indeed was like trying to play a sonato of Beethoven amidst the perpetual din of a quartz mill. When the need arose I rushed into town, tf and when it was over I rushed back again, but the current of thought was .often fatally inter rupted. To crown all these perplexities I was sud denly warned that the Nation was. in popular par lance, 'losing its 'head.' Wallis, who did not mince matters, assured me that Mitchel was dealing ?with financial questions in the Nation with a reck lessness which was appalling, and with foreign politics in a way that moved the laughter of experts. John O'Hagan, whose opinion was weightier, sug gested a more serious alarm. He thought we were misleading the people who trusted us so thor oughly. ? My Dear Dufiy (he wrote, April Gth, 1846)— I sent Mitchel a long essay, and John Pigot sent him one twice as long, upon and against the excessively violent tone of the Nation of late. I can assure ?you when J. P. and I are unanimous on such a ,poi«t we are all but certain to be right. I was very #la-jl Pigot wrote, as I think it very likely Mitchel and he agree more in general ways of looking at (things itlian either of them does with me, and I thought fce put the case admirably well. But do you .agree or di$ er with us, that is the question ? I do assure you I was never more convinced of anything rin my life than this, that that tone does no service ;at home or abroad, does vast disservice with many, iand if you look before you, and look at anything * I had propoBGd to M'.Gea to -write a School History of ffroland, a work then greatly wonted, and unfortunately siill greatly wantod. but a bloody issue, is not the path to success— but for our views in detail I must refer you to the abovementioned despatches. I will only add that the last Nation is not much of an improvement. The leader was extremely good, but John Murray's article, though very clever, was shockingly coarse, false, too, in some things {e.g., pretending to cull ths phrase 'surpliced ruffians' out of the two or three last weeks' numbers of the Times). Again, Mitchel (I presume) in his article on the Sikhs speaks of the blow which is to destroy the English Empire in the East as likely to be struck ' nearer home.' Hea ven and earth, what is the meaning of this ? With about as much practical prospect at present of achieving our liberty by arms — I won't say as of bringing over Stonehenge to the Curragh— but weigh the amount of probability yourself. Are. we to vapour in this way ? Besides the character it gets us, which materially lessens our utility in other things, it is snr/r/cstio falsi to our own people, and calculated to mislead and confuse them. But what I want specially to say to you is this — You don't write enough yourself. What is that you say ? ' You have been hisy at your book, and have been out of town.' No excuse, Mr. Caudle ; at least, though an excuse for not writing much in the Na tion, it is none for omitting it altogether. There was a great deal to be said of a kind which no one could say as well as you. Do you remember me speaking to you when you were here about keeping perpetually hammering at the famine, and the re medies which ought to have been and were not ap plied ? I think there was an opportunity for you of putting the Nation at the head of public opinion in Ireland on that question. Gird yourself to the work and come out with one or two of your most forcible articles. You are doing remarkably well in poetry; Mangan is sticking to you like a brick. 1 think that little translation from the French in the Answers to Correspondents excessively clever, though the rhymes are somewhat too forced. Apropos of rhymes, M'Carthy in that long poem of his about Kimanigh, some stanzas of which were exceedingly beautiful, fell into a great mistake in trying to ride Mangan's phoka. In the original himself there is a curious felicity which prevents us from being annoyed at his forced rhymes, but in anyone else it does not do at all. Send me True Thomas's letter, and send me a letter from C. G. D. touching the Nation, and stating how far he agrees with P. and me. — Yours ever faithfully, John O'Hagan. This was my reply : — Mitchel has shown me your letter, and I agree with every line you have written. In fact I said the same sort of thing a week ago when I saw him last. To wit : why, Mitchel, mon ami, where are you going? This is not 1843, but 1846. We are not in the tropics, but in the frigid zone. You write of insur rections as if they were made to order in the back office of a newspaper. Have we the priests, as in '43? Have we even the people? If we had, have we military leaders with skill and knowledge for such an enterprise ? We have not ; and whs»t will come of feeding the people with small hopes ? Or, in the vein ironic, in relation to his recent perambu lations among foreign politics — 'I congratulate you on your expanding philanthropy and growing indif ference to mere Irish interests almost in rivalry with the Head Pacificator. The Sikhs, the Armenians, the Poles, have had full share of your attention, but one might as well look for Ireland in a Queen's Speech as in your articles of late.' Now, I confess the shameful laxity of all this badinage. I should have said ' Halt ! this is a road we roust not travel.' But the fact is, that while I was working at my book I read the Nation as I did the Freeman — for news, and without any strong feeling of responsibility. Moreover, I calmed my conscience, now and then, by a vow that I would never again put the helm out of my hand for an hour while I cooimanded the ship. I have still over a month's hard work to do, and that done, I will be anchored at my post. Meantime, Mitchel, who feels the force of your remonstrance (I have not yet seen Pigot's) will act accordingly. I will write some thing even during the month of work. I have re viewed John O'Connell's Memoir of his father for next number. But even a month's leisure proved impossible, for a new and serious trouble had suddenly sprung up. Before the month approached its close Mitchel came to me on the eve of publication, bringing the proofs for the next day's Nation, and with them the news that O'Connell had returned from London inafury, real or affected, and Mitchel predicted that if I did not drop the book and return to the Editor's room, I should find when it was completed the Nation engaged in a conflict with O'Connell in which it would possibly perish. I wrote no more history in that era. The grounds of O'Connell's wrath were a pronuneiamento in the Nation famous in that period as ' The Railway Article.' Apropos of some food riots, which the threatened famine had provoked, the Morning Herald, then a Govern ment organ, announced that it had become neces sary to declare the agitation for Repeal High Trea son, and to shut up Sedition Hall ; and the official journalist triumphed in the ease with which the thing could be done by despatching troops to every dangerous district by the new railways, which were very handy for the purpose. Mitchel replied that 'if the newrailways were to be applied in suppress ing public opinion in Ireland the people were not without a remedy, a cutting could be filled up or an embankment levelled without much trouble. Hofer received the invaders of the Tyrol in a memorable manner. When the enemy appeared in a narrow pass his soldiers seized upon rocks and roots of trees, and in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, discharged them on the enemy. ?» But,' he added, ''tis a dream. No enemy will put us to realize these scenes. You let all understand what a railway may and what it may not do.' The answer seemed to me a natural and season able one in reply to a threat of suppressing by force an agitation for a perfectly lawful purpose. It was such an answer as the Nation would give to such a menace at any period of its existence. But Mitchel, knowing that O'Connell was -watching for a favour able opportunity to assail us; committed a serious mistake in tactique when he associated the Repeal Association with his menace. ? 'For actual measures of coercion,' he said, 'all Ireland laughs at them. The military uses or abuses3 of railways are tolerably well understood ; but it ' might be useful to promulgate througli the country,' to be read by all Mcjjeal wardens in -their parishes, a: few short and easy rules as to the mode of dealing with railways in case of any enemy daring to make hostile use of them.' On consultation, Mitchel frankly admitted his mistake and strove to remedy it,* but O'Connell was not to be placated. The safety of the Associa tion, he declared at the next meeting, was endan gered by such rash counsel, and he must separate himself from them publicly. Next day when his speech was read, there was a wide, feeling that O'Connell had pointed out the journal for prosecu tion, for the Conservative. Attorney-General could not venture to be less solicitous for the public peace than the democratic Agitator. In a few clays I re ceived notice of trial for seditious libel, and was held to bail accordingly, and O'Connell issued strict instructions that no reference to the prosecution should be made in the Association. We had sinned very grievously, it might be assumed, when even a word of friendly sympathy was forbidden. These precautions were strangely perplexing to the people who did not know that the original design to coa lesce with the Whigs and abandon the national question was now completed by the kindred design to cow, or if they could not be cowed, to destroy, the men who would naturally oppose this policy. Neither O'Connell's wrath nor legal penalties dis turbed me so much as a vicious outcry, echoe3 of which reached me in the editor's room, that the Nation advised that the national railways should be destroyed. I did what I had always been in the habit of doing in such an emergency — I accepted the responsibility in my own person. In a letter pub lished as a leading article, I examined, explained, and justified the impugned article, and defended my colleague. The defence must have answered its purpose effectually, for men so widely separated in opinion as Thomas Carlyle and Frederick Lucas ex pressed their satisfaction with it, and the Irish Press almost without exception denounced the prosecu tion.t Even the Mail, the leading Conservative journal, declared there was no excitement inlreland to justify ouch a proceeding. O'Connell's precau tion to shut out the subject from the Association was not' altogether successful. In a private letter (which I have seen) he urged James O'Hea to ad vise O'Brien to be silent. But on questions of pub lic duty O'Brien's conscience and judgment were his counsellors. He attended the next meeting and opened up the subject in a manner I must describe from a former account of the transaction; O'Brien said he did not think it necessary to inquire whether the article was a discreet or politic one, but he was prepared on his individual responsibility to declare that it was morally and legally justifiable. It was a re ply to diatribes in English journals, announcing that railways would be exceedingly useful in effecting the subjugation of the Irish people. Mau rice O'Connell, who had been placed in the chair as another measure of precaution, interrupted O'Brien to suggest that it was not quite in order to discuss a subject which %id not immediately effect the Association, and that he was perhaps treading on dangerous ground. O'Brien said he would bow to the chair, but, as an appeal had been made to his discretion, he continued of opinion that it was not only discreet, but most advisable, that the topic should be treated in that place. The Chairman rejoined that he individually agreed With Mr. O'Brien on the premises, but his business was to prevent the discussion of anything which did not relate to the Association. Mr. O'Brien sat down, but many persons continued to think that the pro secution of a repeal journal for defending the honour of the country against a threat to shut up Concilia tion Hall, and declare the agitation for Repeal to be high treason, was as nearly related to the Asso ciation as the character of Monsieur Thiers, or the proceedings of German dissenters from the Catholic Church, or the treatment in Darrynane Beg — O'Con- nell's estate— which had all been elaborately dis cussed without let or hindrance. At the ensuing meeting Mr. Henry Grattan took up the subject. He warned the Orangemen of Ulster that if they at tempted to meet and express their constitutional opinion against the new-fangled commercial policy of Peel, the Government might send troops from Dublin to Armagh, and if any Independent journal suggested that if they were sent by railway for such a purpose, the result might be hazardous, he would be prosecuted for exercising that constitu tional right. The Head Pacificator jumped to his feet to save the Association from ' manifest danger.' He told Mr, Grattan, in the prodigious rhetoric for which he was distinguished, that 'from | the lips of O'Connell himself,' whose profound ?{? le-al wisdom had been Ireland's palladium of J safety for so many years, he heard as his parting %: words aboard the' packet, that he considered the in- -;: troduction of this subject while the caee was pend- % ing in the Court of ' Queen's Bench as deeply and ;i dangerously calculated to imperil the ' safety of ;; the Repeal Association of Ireland.' Mr. Grattan -. vielded to this impassioned appeal; but O'Brien, ;= who began to be impatient of the manifest injustice, . ; declared that he had consulted legal friends since \j the last meeting, and they were of opinion the sub- e ject might be discussed with safety and propciety. jj He -would postpone it, however, till the return of j- vO'Connell. . ^T \ We refrained from comment m the Nation, \ though it would not be difficult to find pertinent \ criticism. It was not always an unpardonable sin j to invoke the aid of Repeal Wardens. It had been ( proved on O'Connell's trial that he had reminded j the people at one of the monster meetings that they i could follow and obey Repeal Wardens as well as ... j if 'they were sergeants, and march after a band as | well in their grey coats as if they wore red jackets. , (To be continued.) j * .1 