2 HE PULPIT. THE BIBLE, AND H'-JW WE GOT IT. The Rev. A. Rivett deliveied the first of ft short series of popular addresses on "The Bible," in the independent Church, Bsachavorth, on Sunday evening last, the subject being "Our Bible, and how we got it." Taking for his text, H. Peter I., 19, 21, Mr. Rivett said the present was an age of mental disquiet, evidenced by signs both numerous and unmistakable. Much of the prevailing intellectual unrest relative to the Scriptures was in no small measure traceable to the hazy and ambiguous notions men held anont the Bible itself, possessing as they did little or no sense of its continuity. They conceived as the text stated that in " old time holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," but how that incident connected itself with our present- English Bible was a problem as mysterious as it was 1\. . . . Tt >t«M n n. ..... 1. 4-1.,., 1 , 1 _ 1 _ i.1. L 1 1 . II l/.J. It W <W tu UHCI tills UirtllH. tllilL LUC present address was delivered. Mr. Rivett then proceeded to describe the Scriptures as in use in the churches of Jerusalom, Ephcsux aud Homo in the early part of the second century. These Scriptures wore composed of Hebrew AISS of portions of the Old Testament, Greek translations of the Hebrew Scriptures, for general use, Greek being the language nio.it in vogue, and the originals and direct , or first copies of the originals of the Gospels, Acts, Epistles and Revela- tions. None of these manuscripts arc, so far as is known, now in existence. Many of them were written upon the common writing material of the day, and would by constant use in time become worn out ; others were lost, and the remainder were probably destroyed in the days of the early Christian persecutions. The ques tion then naturally arose if the original MSS and direct copies of the originals are extinct what have wo as data on which to base our present Bible ! In reply it may be stated that in the absence of original documents we have yet three .most im portant sources from which to dra-.v from. Those are, first : — Biblical m uuiscrint.-, i.e., copies in the original languages of the Scriptures as used by the early Christian churches, and of which there arc 1500 or more. Then we have what am called Ancient- Versions, or translations of the Bible into the language of early Christendom, some of them representing the Scriptures of about, fifty years after the apostles : these versions are the Syriac, Ethiopic, Egyptian and Armenian. Following on these we have a third source, viz., the Writings of the Early Christian Fathers, dating from the second to the fifth century. These writings are so interspersed with .Scripture quotations that it is said if all other sources of Scrip ture were cut oft the Bible could very largely be replaced from these writings themselves. And thus if we hare not the original copies we come very close to them. At the end of the fourth century Jerome produced liis Latin Vulgate, a version which has served largely as the backbone of all the Bibles that have since been produced. Air. Rivett then detailed the various English versions of the Bible that have appeared, the first being that of John Wyclift, about a thousand years after Jerome's day. This Bible was opposed by king, primate and ponrifi', and for his pains Wyclill' was tried at Blackfriars Hall and pronounced guilty of heresy, and summarily excommunicated. Fol lowing on Wye! id's translation was a version by Tyndale, a hundred years later. In the meantime printing had been discovered, and Tyndale's version wax the first printed Bible to appear in the English language. In order to carry out, the work of translation Tyndale had to flee into exile in Germany, from whence his Bible when completed was smuggled into England in great numbers and in all sorts of secret ways. The King and Bishops did their best to suppress the hated version, and bought up from the people over a thousand copies, of which they made a big bonfire and burned them at St. Paul's " to the glory of God." But, the printing press proved more than a match for King and Priest. Bibles multiplied in the land until Tyndale's prophetic threat was actually fulfilled, and " the boy who fol lowed the plough in England came to know more about the laws of God than the then Pope of Rome." In quick suc- conoioii otlior trimlnfcions followed, all of them more or less faulty and inaccurate. Among the best of them were Coverdalo's, Matthew's, " The Great Bible," called so on account of its size, the Douny and Genevan versions. This last became very popular, especially in Scotland, where it was used as recently as the e«d of the last century. This latter version, how ever, proved far and away too Puritanic for King James' tender sensibilities. He liked neither its politics nor its theology, and was very glad to give his influence to an agitation for a new version of the Scriptures. About 1604 a eonforenco of bislions and clergy was held at Hampton Court to consider certain grievances raised by the Puritans in the Church of England. During the discussion a Dr. Reynolds, the leading spirit of the Puritan section, pro posed that there should be a new revision of the Bible. The proposal was strongly opposed by the bishops, but the pedant Kiu"' James, who presided on the oc casion, gave the project his royal blessing, feeling a new translation would enhance the glory of his reign. The outcome was that fifty-four scholars, divided into six companies of nine each, were ap pointed to do the work of revision, with the result that in the year 1611 the Authorised Version now in use was given to the nation. It was greeted with the usual howl of disapprobation new versions always provoke, one Brought-n, u .oading Hebrew scholar, going so far as to write King James to the effect that lie " would rather be torn to pieces by wild horses than give his consent for the new Bible to be read in the churches." Despite this opposition, however, it has gradually displaced the nine other ver sions that were in use at the time, aud this not on account of any authority or patronage by either king or church, but by its own intrinsic merits. At the pre sent time it is the Bible of the English speaking race, but how long it will con tinue to be so remains to be seen. In loY U ft Tery scruiiy iiiuvuhumio waa awu un foot for yet another revision of the sacred book. The arguments in favor of such a revision were threefold. First, it was felt that the Biblical MSS. now available were far more numerous and valuable than those known to the translators of King James's Tersiou, the three most important, viz., . the Alexandrian, the Vatican and Sinaitic, having been dis covered since that time. Then it was felt that the knowledge of the sacred languages was far moro accurate than at any time in the past, and beyond that manv of the words used in the translation of 309 years ago had become obsolete, whilst many others had an entirely dif ferent meaning to that now conveyed. How this movement grew and culminated in the production, in 1881, of what is called the New Version is matter of but recent history. To say a word against what is wrongly called the Authorised Version—it never having been authorised by anyone— would be to be guilty of base ingratitude ; at the same time we may judge somewhat of its inaccuracies by the fact that the late revisers made no fewer than 36,000 alterations and corrections in their new revision, aud their corrections were at lirst tiiousancis more, out; were cue down in deference to prevailing sentiment about tho " Old Version." This revision was. effected by the scholarship of all \- Christian churches, both in England and America, in response to the invitation of the Convocation of Canterbury.- The Convocation of York was asked to unite, but declined. In the colonies there has . been- a tacit if not expressed opposition to the .New. Version, more noticeable, perhaps, among certain of . the clergy. One of the many pleasing exceptions, ;l\o wever, . to" this.is. that of Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, wlio says — " As a mat ter of conscience I. now' neither buy, nor read in public, nor aid in circulating, the unrevised ; Scriptures. " If asked to fore- cast the future of the New Version one need have little hesitation in saying that i? aJJ.I)roility it will become in time the Bible of the English people, and will supersede the Authorised Version as surely and completely a3 that version in its time displaced the nine versions in use when it was introduced. This it will do not because of any royal or ecclesiastical favor shown it, but from the force of its own merit and excellence. Still it is not a perfect Bible as the revisers admit, and it is quite conceivable that in a 100 or wt)U years hence another movement will be started for a further revision. Of course it is a matter of time for the New Version to become popular. The British people are not a Bible studying people in the best sense of that term, and as is and over has been tho case people will prefer an old Bible no matter how inaccurate to a now one, no matter how much nearer the truth, and tliis for no other, reason than sentiment, which, after all, is no reason at all. But as old Jerome said, as loilST ,11'li as tllfi fnm-hli amount of sentiment can alone form a faulty Bible." We have the satisfaction of knowing that we possess in the New Revision perhaps the most accurate copy of the Scriptures since the days of the A postles, and certainly far and away the bast English copy that has over been pro duced. And for this all earnest and in telligent men and women who really want to know what is the mind of God must feel devoutly and incre isingly thankful. 