NOTES & ANSWERS. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. "H.M." (Kalgoorlie).—Out of the 220 persons on board the London all were drowned except 10 of the crew and three passengers. "S.V.B."—A barquentine or barkantine is a three masted vessel, with square sails only on the fore- mast. Such vessels are on Lloyd's register. "J.H. (Jacklin). —Mitchell. "Norseman " (W.A.). - The proper odds against any given arrangement of the three letters is 5 to 1. You do not increase or diminish the chances against yourself by an- nouncing which you mean to reject. When accepting the wager you as good as say you mean to throw out five chances, so what does it matter if you name two of these five before indi- cating the sixth, which you intend to stand by? If there is to be any barring beforehand, you must submit to a reduction of the odds, for such barring diminishes the number of chances against you. Natural History Note. - Mr. A. J. Campbell writes to say that the large bill sent by rail from a correspondent who has omitted to forward an address with it is the yellow-legged spoonbill. This species was dealt with and figured in "The Australasian" of 24th February, 1894. "A.B.T." (Newcastle).—The photographs were in- cluded among the specimens adjudicated upon. For convenience, the name should have been on the photographs, not in separate memo. "G.J.J." {Collingwood).—Noted. "Clementson."—1. If payment has been asked for at any time during the six years, you cannot successfully plead the Statute of imitations. 2. No difference in summons. 'F.W.N." (Ballarat).—So far as is yet known, no experiments have been made. Whether the re- cent processes in colour photography have any thing to do with it their authors alone know; as, so far, they have kept their methods secret. "Lawlers."—Hamburg is one of the states of the German empire. It has no special privileges. "W.B.B."—There does not appear to be any remedy which will answer in every case. In some instances the falling out may be due to ill health or physical debility. "Fisher's Ghost. - Mr. A. C. Macdonald writes: "Mr. W. H. Suttor, M.L.C., published, in 1887, under the title of "Australian Stories Retold" a version of the story of Fisher's Ghost. As the murder of Fisher occurred within a mile of where and about two years and two months before I was born, and as had, when a boy, often heard the ghost story from my parents, one or both of whom was present when Fisher's body was discovered, and, moreover, as I was per- sonally acquainted both with the black fellow 'Gilbert,' who found the body, and with the man 'Farley,' who saw, or thought he saw, Fisher after his disappearance, I naturally feel some interest in the story. The fact that Farley reported having seen the apparition sitting on a fence, and pointing in the direc- tion of the creek in which his body was sub- sequently found. 1 believe no one at the time doubted. Farley, who was a respectable farmer, and who was afterwards appointed a district constable, also related the incident to me personally. He had been spending the even- ing with some boon companions at Patrick's public-house on the 17th June, 1826, within about 200 yards of where Fisher resided. On his way home, ascending a gentle rise, a few hundred yards further on he saw and and spoke to Fisher, or to an object resembling Fisher, expressing surprise at Fisher's re- turn from England, where Worrall, his murderer, had reported Fisher had gone. Approaching nearer the apparition vanished. Farley returned to the hotel a soberer man than he had left it a few minutes previously, and after recovering from a faint he related what he had seen. Mr. Suttor says:—'May we not seek for a rationalistic theory to account for the ghost? The ghost is not reported to have been seen until four months had elapsed after the time of the murder. It did not appear until those who knew Fisher became perfectly satisfied that he did not leave the colony, and that Wor- rall's statement about him must have been un- truthful. It is proved that the night he was missed he left the public-house in company with several persons. None of them seem to have been called at the trial. It is most likely that others knew of, if, indeed, they did not partici- pate in, the murder. What had been done had probably been known or discovered by Farley, and he then invented the whole story to ease his conscience of a burden too heavy to carry any longer. This gave a clue, which when fol- lowed up led to the finding of the body. It has been suggested that the story of the ghost having been seen at all was a mythical growth of a later day. In contradiction to this idea, I have the authority of a correspondent, who was inti- mately connected with the gentleman who had charge of the police in the district when the murder was done, to the effect that Farley's story did suggest the search for the body in the creek. But, even so, this does not prove that Farley saw a ghost, but rather strengthens the solution given above.' The story is shortly re- ferred to in Montgomery Martin's book on the colonies, published in 1835. He evidently had implicit faith in the ghost, and writes of 'the dis- covery of the murder as one of the inscrutable dispensations of Providence.' In "Tegg's Monthly Annual" for March, 1836, the story is also told with much imaginative detail." 'Spheroid."—We are not aware that the real name of "Parallax" was ever given to the pub- lic. By his contemporaries he was considered to be a charlatan, who did not believe in his own theory of the earth being flat. He made one convert, however, the choleric John Hamp- den, who created a great noise in the world a few years ago in connection with this matter. While reasonable enough in ordinary things he was quite demented about the flat earth theory. He outrageously abused all who differed from him, bet and. lost his money, endured a law- suit, and most unflaggingly maintained till his death, in January, 1891, that the earth was a plane surface. It may be safely stated that there is not one scientist who believes in the above theory; the evidence against it is over- whelming. When we watch the approach of a ship at sea we first see the tops of the masts, and the lower portions are gradually brought into view at a rate corresponding to the curvature of a globe. We go completely round the earth by starting from any point and keeping in the same direction. During a lunar eclipse we see the shadow of the earth on the moon, and its shape is always circular. Finally, the precise measure of geodesy show that the earth is spheroidal in shape. "Koola."—If you are travelling with the bicycle the fare by rail to Deniliquin is 3/6, and thence by coach to Hay, 80 miles. Or you may travel by rail all the way via Albury and Junee. There is no duty on vehicles imported into New South Wales. "Heyfield."—You can go direct to a Church of England clergyman, and be married at once by license. The cost is £3/3/. "Antwerp."—The Government grant in aid of the erection of a free library has been so reduced in recent years that it is scarcely worth applying for aid. The maximum grant is £80, and that for 1895-6 was equal to 9d. for every £1 col- lected locally. Formerly the vote was £20,000 but is has now been reduced to £2,500. If you have claims to participate in the small grant write to Mr. C. A. Topp, under secretary. Mel- bourne. "Prospector" (Orbost).—1. Iron or copper when oxidised stain quartz. 2. Submit a sample of the ore to a metallurgist to decide whether it contains telluride. Yellow a Primary Colour?—Mr. E. Wilson Dobbs writes:—Your contributor 'Physicus' (in answer to A. E. Whitelaw) says No, and quotes Helholtz as an authority. Further, by inference, he considers green a primary. The subject is an interesting one. May I ask for a little space to refer to it in ? Colour is, of course, a purely subjective phenomenon; merely a sensation, caused by various vibrations of light waves. Newton's theory—upheld also by Brewster and others—was that in white light there are three pure colours, called primaries, viz., red, yellow, and blue, and by combination such made the (so-called) seven colours of the spectrum. These opinions are now found to be in part at fault. Helmholtz—if confined to three primaries—chooses red, green, and violet, they enabling him by combination to produce the greatest number of colours; but he also gives yellow and blue as primaries. Maxwell, on the other hand, selects red, green, and blue. Yet, withal, modern investigation has shown that no three colours have any right to the title of primary, although there is justification for the belief that we may speak of three colour-sen- sations—since the colours of the spectrum may all be matched to the eye by mixtures of red, green, and blue (or violet). But Maxwell's and Helmholtz's chromatics treat of prismatic rays of light by spectrum analysis, and have nothing to do with mixed pigments. Now, while yellow is considered the maximum light ray, and the third longest in wave length in the spectrum, yet, it may be resolved into red and bluish green, or compounded, by mingling red and bluish-green light, and thus is classed as a compound or secondary colour. Still it is very certain that red and bluish-green pigments would not make yellow. Again, a mix- ture of yellow and blue light will provide white light, as will all the colours of the spectrum. Now, although all the pigments which reflect those colours do by combination—produce not in- deed white, for no paints can imitate the bril- liance and purity of the hues of the spectrum— they do produce a grey, more and more tend- ing to white, as the colours are brighter and more accurately proportioned. Yet a mixture of yellow and blue pigments makes green, or yellow and blue glass held up against the light throw a green shadow. For yellow pigment is yellow, because it absorbs the red and blue light, reflecting for the most part yellow and green. Blue pigment is blue because it absorbs yellow and red, reflecting blue and some green. When the two are mixed the yellow absorbs red and blue, while the blue absorbs the yellow; the green is still reflected, and the mixture is there- fore green. So with the glass; the green is the only colour which survives the passage of the yellow and blue glasses, all the rest being ab- sorbed. Therefore, the red, yellow, and blue theory is admitted by good authorities to be the one more nearly correct as regards coloured pig- ments. Compounded in various proportions pig- ments of these three colours produce every tint that is physically possible, and in this respect surely may yellow still be called primary." "Swan Hill."—1. Free-trade and Protection, by Henry George. 2. The passage occurs in an "Edinburgh Review" article of 1820, and it is given in the "Wit and Wisdom" of Sydney Smith: ""The schoolboy whips his taxed top— the beardless youth manages his taxed horse, wrth a taxed bridle, on a taxed road; and the dying Englishman, pouring his medicine, which had paid 7 per cent., into a spoon that has paid 15 per cent., flings himself back upon his chintz bed. which has paid 22 per cent., and expires in the arms of an apothecary who has paid a license fee of a hundred pounds for the privi- lege of putting him to death. His whole pro- perty is then immediately taxed from 2 to 10 per cent. Besides the probate, large fees are demanded for burying him in the chancel; his virtues are handed down to posterity on taxed marble; and he is then gathered to his fathers —to be taxed no more." "Madoline" (East St. Kilda).—1. "Not Lost, but Gone Before" is published in sheet music, and can be had at Allan and Co.'s, Collins-street. Price, 1/6 net. 2. "Now and Then: the Intel- lectual Development of the Present Time," price 4/6, by Samuel Warren, author of "Ten Thousand a Year." "C.D." (Aberdeen, N.S.W.).-The reason pump makers employ a larger pipe for suction than for delivery is to allow for friction. "F.C." (Ballarat).-The duty on jewellery im- ported into Queensland is 27½ per cent, including 10 per cent, ad valorem. 2. You cannot prepay the duty, but may send the packet through Bray, Wood, "and Co., Customs agents, Brisbane, who will clear the packet, and deliver it, and send you the bill of costs, &c.; "T.C.D."-1. We do not like being called upon to contradict the statements of such generally well informed persons as school inspectors; at the same time as "we are in the place where we are demanded of conscience," &c.;, we venture to say that the experts in candle-making authorise us to assert that Messrs. Francis Tucker and Co., of London, make pure beeswax candles. Paraffin wax candles are manufactured in Victoria. 2. Gold usually occurs in the native or pure state. When you speak of silver or copper ore, you mean a mineral composition, in which the metal is chemically blended with other substances. The occurrence of gold in quartz does not make the stone and metal an ore ; the quartz is auriferous or gold-bearing stone. "H. Collier" (Kew).—The centre of buoyancy is not the some in both sections. If No. 1 were given the same displacement as No. 2 there would practically be no difference in the stability of the two; but as No. 2 has more displacement, and its convex sides give it more righting power when heeled over, it would naturally be less likely to upset. "J C " (Cobden).—Among the accessible books are Merivale's "Rome Under the Empire," (28s.) snd Gibbon's "Decline and Fall." There are also various single-volume works and short his- tories to be found in every publisher's list. Any leading bookseller will afford you abundance of choice. " F.F.H." asks for solutions of the following algebraic questions set at the May matriculation examination of the University of Melbourne :— " 1. If (a + b + c) = 0, find the value of (b + c) (b + c) (b + c) + (c + a) (c + a) (c + a) + (a + b) (a+b)(a + b) - 3(b + c) (c + a) (a + b)." Since (b + c) = - a; (c + a) = - b and (a + b), = - c, the given expression is equal 10 \- aaa - bbb - ccc + 3 abc, or - (a + b + c) [aa + bb + cc - ab - bc -c] or 0 "2. Two bicyclists start simultaneously from Mel- bourne and Mordialloc respectively, and they travel each at a uniform rate. The first rides to Mordialloc and straight back, and the second to Melbourne and straight back. They meet for the first time six miles from Melbourne, and for the second time four miles from Mordialloc. How far is Mordialloc from Melbourne.?" Let the "distance from Melbourne to Mordialloc be x miles, and let the rider who starts from Mel- bourne be called A. and the rider who starts from Mordialloc called B. Then A rides 6 miles while B rides (x -6) miles. And A rides (x + 4) miles, while B rides (2 x - 4) miles. Hence, the ratio of 6 to (x -6) is the same at the ratio of (x + 4) to 2 x -4. Therefore:— b : (x - 6) =(x + 4) : (2 x - 4). ∴12 x - 24 = x x - 2 x - 24. ∴ x x - 14 x = 0. ∴ x = 14. "E.J.S." (Biree View).—An infant may hold shares in a company, provided the company does not object. His parents, as such, would have no control over the shares; much less would the parents' creditors, assuming, of course, that the infant became possessed of the shares in a bona fide manner, and not as a mere dummy. "Flinders."—1 A new customs duty can be im- posed only by act of Parliament. 2. Yes, if the name complained of so nearly resembles the re- gistered trade mark "as to be calculated to de- ceive." Whether it does so resemble it or not is a question of evidence in each case. 3. The act says that "a trade mark must be registered as belonging to particular goods or classes of goods." "Gippsland."—The name of the mortgagee must necessarily appear in the mortgage deed from the outset. "F.T." (West Wyalong) writes:—"I have an ar- gument with a friend about which was the first inland town in New South Wales to have the electric light. I say that Tamworth, in the New England district, was the first, and my friend holds that Young was the first. I noticed in an issue of your paper that Young was mentioned as the first town to have electric light, but I think it is was a mistake. As far as I can re- member, I think Tamworth had it come 12 or 18 months before Young." The proper course for "F.J." who disputes a published statement, is to produce his proofs that it is incorrect. He gives no dates. "Aurora Leigh."—Bendigo has a bright, sunny, bracing climate at this time of the year. Almost any town north of the Dividing Range might be recommended were it not for the dust- producing effects which the drought has had upon rural surroundings in most places. You cannot improve on Bendigo. The other infor- mation required must be sought through private sources. "C." (Hobart).—1. The query is surprising, as the whole of the information asked for is given in the note at the foot of the first column. 2. "Soldiering and Surveying in British East Africa." It can be had from Melville, Mullen, and Slade; price, 16/. "Victoria."—1. It is in the diocese of Bathurst. 2\. Bishop Camidge. 3. All Saints', 4. Rev. F. T. Thompson. 5. Becbe de mer is the name of the sea slug. It is gathered by divers in Torres Straits and other tropical waters, and sent to China, where it is prized as a dainty. 6. There is no absolute rule; the g is usually sounded like j. "Thisbe" (Wood's Point).—1. Metzler's "Flute Tutor," price 1/6, obtainable from Allan and Co. 2. Apply to Mrs. Green, Nicholson-street, Fitzroy. "J. G."—1. Get the bow repaired at a cost of about 2/. 2. Query not intelligible. 