CHAPTER XXII. To Eitn is Human. Instead of keeping behind her straight home, I turned from the main road, and with my mind full of gloomy thoughts, wandered about the dark quiet thoroughfares in the neighbourhood of Campden Hill until, having walked for over an hour undecided how to act, I awoke to a consciousness that I was before my own house. "When* I entered I opened a telegram lying on the hall tuble and found it was from Lord "Warnham, stating that he was leaving the Premier's suddenly, and asking me to call at Berkeley square at six. It was then a quarter to six, and I saw that even by cab I must be ten minutes late for the appointment. ' Has my wife returned, Juckes ?' I asked my faithful man, who stood ready to relieve me of hat and coat. ' Yes, sir. She returned an hour ago, and is now in the drawing-room.' Hy first impulse was to return to Berkeley square without seeing her, but unable longer to bear the suspense, I allowed Juckes to take my things, and qliteral the room, where sho awaited me. . '•Ah! Geoffrey!' she exclaimed, jumping to her feet with an expression of joy, and coming forward to meet me, ' I expected you home long ago, dearest.' And she raised her face for the habitual kiss. ' Oh,' I said, coldly, placing her away from me without caressing her. ' Have you been home long ?' 'A long, long, time,' she answered, regarding my coldness with unfeigned Emprise. ' Where liave you been to-day?' I inquired, rather sharply, taking up a position on the hearthrug with my back to the bright wood fire. ' This morning I went to Mr. Praga's studio and gave him a sitting. He is painting my portrait for the Academy, you know.' ' Yes,' I answered.' ' He fold me so at the club the other day. "Where else have you been ?' ' Why are you so anxious to hare a complete record- of my doings?' she asked, pouting. 'You seem absurdly suspicious.' I smiled bitterly. Since her return she had exchanged her tailor-made gown for a handsome dinner dress, and wore as her only ornament a string of pearls, my- wedding gift. She stood gazing at me with her dark blue eyes wide open, and brows arched in well-feigned reproach. ' You did not return to lunch,' I said, quietly. 'Ho. I went to Pont street,' she answered. ' Mother was so fearfully upset.' ■ 'Why?' ' Last night she detected Helmholtz in the act of opening a letter he had taken from the postman. It contained a cheque, and she was compelled to discharge him at a moment's notice.' ' I understood he was quite a model servant,' I said, in genuine surprise at this latest development. To me it was astounding that a shrewd officer like Hcnouf should have thus allowed him self to be caught napping. ' Mother thought most highly of him,' she went on. ' But it now appears that for the past few weeks she has had suspicions that her letters wero being tampered with, for two cheques scnfby tenants for rent have been stolen.' ' I never thought very much of him,' I said. ' If either did I,' she declared. ' He had such a silent cunning way, and ■moved so softly that dozens of times when I have turned suddenly I have been quite startled to find him standing close to me. I'm glad mother has got rid of him. She packed him off bag and baggage.' j 'Did he protest his innocence?' 1 Ho. He treated her with cool in difference, placed his things in his portipaatfiiu leisurely, hailed a cab, an(l went off without asking for his wages.' . I was silent. The reason Eeaouf should descend to steal cheques was in explicable. One thing, however, appeared clear—namely, that he had taken an unusual interest in the nature of Mrs. Laing's correspondence. To me it was a matter for congratulation that as he had been detected by his mistress and discharged he could not cast upon me the blame for his betrayal. ' What did you do after lunch ?' I at last inquired, returning to my charge. ' I went shopping,' she replied, smiling. ' With whom ?' ' Alone.' 'Wereyou alone the whole time?' I inquired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly , and her glance wavered. ' Yes,' she answered, 'I did not meet anyone I knew.' ' That is a lie, Ella!' I cried. ' It is not,' she stammered, pale and agitated. ' I have told you the truth.' 1 To prevaricate is utterly useless,' I said angrily. ' 1 followed you through Kensington Gardens, where you were walking with your lover. I ' 'My lover!' she cried, hoarsely, in dismay. ' He—he is not my lover. I had never seen him before!' 'Then by your own admission you have abandoned all respect for me and yourself. You arc addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you.' ' I swear I do not,' she retorted. ' You misjudge me entirely,' And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. • But I shook it off wrathfully, saying: 'I have discovered the truth, alas! too late.. While making pretence to love me you prefer the society of other men. I was a blind fool or I should have dis covered the fact, plain to everybody else, that Ogle was your lover, and that you mourned for him when he met the fate he so justly deserved.' ' He never uttered one word of love to me, Gcoffrcv,' she protested. ' How can you make such horrible charges against me when I love you so dearly,' she cried, bursting into a torrent of tears. 'Because!' I said with emphasis, 'because I have myself followed you this evening. Surely Kensington Gar dens is not the spot where a wife should take recreation, unless clandes tinely, as you have done! No, this is not the first occasion you' have lied to me, Ella; hut it shall he the last.' ' The last 1' she gasped, glancing up at me. ' "What do you mean ?' ' I mean that I can have no further confidence in you, and that we are better apart.' / ' You don't' intend to leave me. Surely you would never be so cruel, Geoffrey. It would kill me.' 'I have loved you, Ella,' I said hoarsely, after a pause brief and full of suspense. ' No man could have loved a woman with a passion more tender than I have done, but now that I havo discovered how basely I have been deceived, my affection has turned to hatred.' ' You hate me!' she wailed. 'Ah, no, you cannot—you shall not,' she cried as, rushing towards me, she threw both arms around my neck, and not withstanding my efforts to avert her, pressed her tear-stained face to mine. Boughly I unclasped liCr arms and cast her from me, saying— ' I have resolved. Nothing will cause mo to reconsider my decision. We must part.' ' It is not like you, Geoffrey, to he cruel to a woman,' she said reproach fully, standing before me. ' I admit I havo acted foolishly, but that man you saw was not my lover. I care for nol one except your own dear self.' 'Terms of endearment are unneces sary,' I answered impatiently, turning from her. ' Such expressions from one who has so grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseating. I hare striven for your social advancement and have loved you dearly, but from this raoineut you are my wife only in name.' She buried her face in her hands, and was seized by a fit of hysterical sobbing. All her self-control had vanished at the instant she realised that I knew the truth, and she now stood before me bent and penitent. 'Forgive me,' she whispered earnestly. ' Forgive me, Geoffrey.' .'No,' I answered with firmness, '1 cannot trust you/ . ' Overlook this incident, and I Trill never again give you cause for jealousy,' she exclaimed. ' I will do anything you ask, ouly hare patience with me.' 'I have already had patience,' I answered. ' Yet, deceived as I am daily, we can live together no longer.' 1 But I love you,' she declared with fierce earnestness, lixing her fathomless eyes upon me. • If I lose you I shall kill myself.' ' It is your own fault entirely,' I said. 1 You have chosen to act in this manner, aud whatever are the consequences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this mau who was with you compelled you to meet him.' ' That is the absolute truth,' she faltered. ' Ah, always the same lame tale,' I observed in disgust. ' I have not for gotten that night at the Hook when I watched you walkiug with Beck. Ho, Ella. There is some strange mystery about it all that I don't like. You pre tend to love rue, but you have some ulterior motive,' ' There is a mystery, it is true,' she admitted, her eyes dimmed with tears. 1A mystery so strange and startling that when you know the truth you will staud aghast and dumbfounded. But with its elucidation you will have know ledge of how I have suffered and striven for your sake; therefore I can only pray that the revelations that must accrue may be hastened, for, although to- day you regard me as base and de ceitful, you will then learn how much one woman has endured and sacrificed because she loved you.' ' Then we must part until this mystery is cleared up,' I said, calmly, my heart full of grief. ' You refuse to take me, your husband, into your confidence, therefore I can place no further reliance in your word.' 'Think,' she cried, clutching my arms convulsively. ' IVhy should the happi ness of both of us be wrecked by a mere misunderstanding?' 1 A misunderstanding !' I echoed. ' It is assuredly more than that.' ' No,' she answered, endeavouring to stifle her sobs. ' You misunderstand me, believing me false to you, whereas I am acting solely in our mutual interests.' ' To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband's interests,' I observed, bitterly. ' Ah, you are mistaken,' she said, quickly. ' Yt'hcn all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.' ' Have I, then, no cause to object to your acquaintance with this man ? ' I inquired, looking sharply at her. ' None whatever. He is neither my lover nor my friend.' ' "What is his name ?' ' I do riot know. He did not tell me,' she replied. ' "Was this the only occasion you had met?' ' It was.' 'He spoke to you casually in the street, I suppose ?' ' Ho, we met by appointment at Vic toria station,' she answered quite frankly. ' By appointment! Then you know him ?' ' Ho, our meeting wob arranged by a third person. It was by no means of au amatory character, I assure you.' ' "What was its object ?' I asked. Slowly she shook her head. ' I can not tell you without relating to you facts that I dare not yet divulge.' ' Ah! as I thought,' I cried in anger. ' You refuse always to explain. As each week passes the mystery surrounding you increases.' ' Unfortunately I cannot prevent it,' she answered in a low earnest tone. 1 Before we married I told you plainly that I intended to seek the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley's life, and you did uot object.' ' Why not leave that wretched affair to the police and secure our own happiuess ?' I urged. ' Because the police are powerless. They cau have no clue.' ' Is it then absolutely necessary that you should attain this end ?' I inquired dubiously. ' Are you ready to sacrifice your own home and husband in order to ascertain the truth regarding a crime ?' ' Yes, it is absolutely imperative,' she replied emphatically. ' Before perfect happiness can be ours we must both he aware of the causes which led to Dud ley's sudden death. Towards that end 1 am striving, and knowing what I do. I am regardless of your suspicions and your cruel words. If we part—well, it will be you who one day will be filled with bitter regret; and as for me, I shall not pause in my merciless quest.' Ofteu she had told me that to ascer tain the true cause of Dudley's death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with an earnestness that was genuine, bore out her most frequent declarations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should have suspected Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In silence and hesitation I paced the room that she had furnished with such exquisite taste. A dozen times she asked forgiveness, but no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, her head beut in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision. Her pale tear-stained face betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to cast her off, while I could not bring myself to any firm belief that her declarations of affection were genuine. Between us there yawned a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider and more impassable. I ' Tell me that you'll still be patient and wait,' she implored at last. ' Surely you can see how intensely I love you and how utterly aimless will be my life if we part.' ' This mystery is, I confess, Ella, driving ine to distraction,' I said, halt ing at last before her. ' Cannot you confide in me ? I will preserve silence, I promise.' ' No, no,' she gasped in fear. ' I—I dare not.' Her attitude was one of deep de jectiou, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of her abject despair, how beautiful she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she were haunted by some tenable ghost of the past. ' You told me this once before,' I said gravely, 1 and I trusted you. To day 1 have discovered my confidence ill-placed.' 'Trust me once again,' she cried hoarsely. ' Only once, and I will show j you ere long that your suspicions are j utterly without foundation.' ! I took another turn up and down the; drawing-room, my hands clasped behind my back, my gaze fixed upon the carpet, j I was still undecided. I With a sudden impulse she rushed ■ forward, and Singing her arms about! my neck kissed me, next second bursting into tears and burying her face upon my shoulder. My hand unconsciously stroked her hair, and, bending, I pressed my lips upon her soft cheek. Then she knew that I had forgiven, and holding back her sobs with difficulty raised her face, and kissing me pas sionately, thanked me in a low broken voice, assuring me that I should never, regret the step I had taken. j During half an hour we remained together, she full of love and confidence,' I admiring and hopeful. I was glad Ij had not acted rashly nor left her as I j had intended, and as we went in to | dinner arm in arm we laughed together, j joyous in each other's love. J After we had eaten, I smoked a! cigarette and lingered as long as j possible, happy with my well-beloved, ■ then kissing her fondly I was compelled to take a hansom to Berkeley square, ■ promising her to return at the earliest possible moment, and expressing confi dence that our love would last always. The carl, grumbling at my tardy arrival, was busy in his library with a number of important despatches relating I to our affairs in the East. "When he had expressed displeasure that I had j not been waiting to receive bim he added:— ' But there, I suppose now you are married, Deedes, your wife is exacting —they always are. She likes you to dine with her, eli ?' ' Yes,' I admitted, smiling. ' I did dine at home.' 'Ah, I thought so,' snapped the shrowd old Minister. ' A good dinner and your wife's smiles were of more consequence to you than England's prestige with the Sultan, eh ?' I made no answer to this sarcasm, but ; Imgan busying myself with the corre spondence, packing it away in the despatch-bag and sealing it for delivery to Hamiuerton, the messenger, who was waiting in an adjoining room ready to take it.to Constantinople. Sot until eleven o'clock was I able to get away from Berkeley square, and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from Her Majesty's representatives at the various courts of Europe, I' drove hack to Phillimore Gardens. On arrival home my first question of •Tuekes was whether Ella was in the drawing-room. ' Jib, sir. Madame is out, sir.' ' Out! When did she go out ?' ' About an hour after you had left, sir,' replied the man. ' She has gone into the country, I believe.' ' Into the country ? What makes tou think so ?' ' Because she put on her travelling dress and took two trunks with her,' he answered. ' Boberts, her maid, says she packed the boxes herself three daye ago.' ' Did she say where she was going ?' I inquired breathlessly. ' Ho, sir. She left no message with anyone.' Entering the drawing-room with ray overcoat still on I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it open, and read its contents. There were only a few hurriedly scrawled words—a britJ and formal farewell. ' You cannot trust me,' she wrote, ' therefore we are best apart. Do not attempt to follow me, for you cannot find me. Do not think ill of me, fov even if I hare wronged and deceived tou, I have nevertheless been you; friend.' It commenced formally, 171111001 any endearing term, and concluded abruptly with the two words, ' Your wife.' For a few moments I stood with it in my hand, staring at it in blank amaze ment. Then it occurred to me that in that very escritoire she kept all her correspondence, and it was more than probable that I might learn the truth from some of the letters therein con tained. I endeavoured to open it, but it was, as usual, locked. She had taken the key. In my sudden excitement I called to Juckes to bring a hammer, and with a few sharp blows broke open the sloping leather-covered top, finding a number of letters addressed in un familiar handwriting. One, larger than the rest, crumpled, dirty, and worn, as if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the ; soft-shaded lamp. ' My God!' I cried aloud, scarcely able to believe my own eyes, when next instant I realised the terrible truth. ' My God 1' I had never suspected this S Ella's cold, formal adieu stunned me. I stood open-mouthed, petrified. IVc had parted on the best of terms, she kissed me affectionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding me hasten back; yet in my absence she had departed, evidently carrying out some pre-arranged plan. Her maid, Roberts, had noticed her packing her trunks three days he fore ; therefore, it was certain that she meant to desert me as soon as oppor tunity offered. Unaccountable and astonishing as was her sudden fiight, the discovery I had made among the papers in her escritoire was even more amazing. It held me stupefied and aghast. ["to be continued next weee.} 