* Solomon Islands (From OUr J^peoml Correspondent.) Oontianed. Mr Woodlord'e first duty on the fiiriral of tispidioe "sviil l>e the pundKti ment of the uvohlerarg of those Aiur ttiims who were killed at Uni's Head on August 08th last year. Tbe Aus trian Qrnteer Alhatnoafl Is vp hen again, toot was prohibited1 (nm *«m«j any measures -la repiMai, ***^1 gone over «o tbe Isglxl Tbe whole ««"?'» as it mu told in tbe colonial press, ««??>»««« tbe suspicion of taming been terribly muddled np. Qmr. a tbuif detach ment of araoed vUIh conld base been compelled to leave tbe interior after die murder mitbaat ti» "bodies -of die slain, psaeea the oomprehenflion of any one who has bad anything 4o do with flMfta, and «bes t» prove again how useless man-itf-war -crews are foe audi work. Wiiy, iwith two dozen Queens land Mack police aimed -with rifles, a man with only Ji little bushmaDBhip could lick tbe wfrole of iGoadaicanar, and Maiaita thrown to- ?*«* ft was only one tribe. Use Tacno&titmvi;, who ommUted tbe deed. local people tell tbe ritay .» t<H Ions"The ei&pedttioa; was «iavbi( on the slopes of lion's Head, on their way to tbe chief mountain of tbe Ishailvllt. Tamnw "Baron Slattern Ton Xorljeefc the naturalist, -with weneral men, left tbe camp to ascend tbe Si ill, and was attacked. Tbe main seems to bare been, that their beads were urgently needed Cor -certain mysterious proposes ijy another tdbe." "Wiienever « big chief dies, a cer tain Aot of coaoacote, twiwnsw or other produce are tabooed, and so amount of money <po>poise or doge' teeth) is then collected by the'TWagera, and sat out as bead <money. Tbe taboo nmains till tbe beads are {forthcoming, and tbe mam who supplies thent gets tbe cash the villagers have advertised tor the release of the taboo. Some tribe in the neighborhood1 of tbe T&tnbotevi; required a bead or two, and the mur derers, seeing the Anstdans, thought it a eood chance to make some cash, which accordingly, they did1.. «n» tbe whole business has been so ridiculously wirapped in mjat«T by (he A«rtriaas that It is idlfflcoit to get at the troth. Tbe Gallons accompany ing tbe expedition were armed with small-bore repeating rifles, and the first shot of Itatenuit TBulbai, for ingt«wH> knocked over five wttras; but this rifle tnw no staying power with all Us penetration, and apparently only six atioriginalB dtogtftdier died. In stead of the large number the Aus trlans maintained to hare kflled- One of -the ballets fired ^ * sailor to said to hare knocked over a native and thenmontaffly wonnfled thedSaKnn "who was not murdered1 by the bncAiuien at all. The bodies of the dead white men were laft In jMweeeekm <of tbe natives, and the Jdentenant comanaiid ing this ignominious retreat was duly decorated. One of the most disagreeable re gulations lately introduced is the one relating1 "to quarantine. Fiji iias taken it into its bead that {Sermon Papua is smallpox infected,and small pox infected It is. The TStns toad to cross over to the Solomons from 6am arai, and then go all the way back to New Britain on account of the quar antine, and tbe ABjatroes, which just steamed over to Isabel, a tfew mi lee (&om; tbe nearest of the British Solo moss, irCl be put into twenty-one days quarantine on return. It stands te reason that Bach regulations bin der tade, and flier will certainly Jrnrt the 'British colony more than tbe German. At night. 99 >we lay at anchor at GaroUi, we went over on board of tbe Sapid, at the invitation of the officers, to listen to a stag-eocg got" qi for tbe occasion. I do not love music, tint I don't tear it either. and J bope I bore myself with commend able fortitude. ' The <Ba.pid tabes her aamg Xronf her exceeding slow ness, and is a' pretty old vessel, with 10 gnats, 1400 inns register, armored, and -with wooden «Jdn. .Flofida was the eccaie of the first missionary enterprise "in the Colo-, nuns. In 1846 tbe Olarist (Brothers landed there, tmt were coon driven away again, several being killed Uhe rest tben went to Book Island, in the Dampier Straits, between Slew Britain and New Guinea, *wbere years after I stamUed across the charred remnants of their station, Cor tbe fate of the early pioneer bad overtaken them here too. U£ present tbe Melan esian "Mission Society of Norfolk is land have got three stations on Flor ida, and are -doing pretty well. Misfortunes never coma singly and. the captain of the Titne bad to leave <3avotu as he left Befclana. °n"f°iie 10th- " 8 a.m.. we that .wbs »blt unkempt, coneidering the pretty name it beare! ^f^S!eT^"stla sht ®>r «he <Wue blEs «t! <3nadateanar. Past the volcanic m ^ 1 we etewned, and at £_?/?? we on Tiaro, -where tbe Austrian expedition started tor ojt. _ *~Tre T fay the panorama or mysteiivus Guadalcanal-, and no snot on the coast could be Taetter chosen ,'° Jdn£!e tte 'beaotj- ot the frig U tand. (Rnmiiag from E.S.E. to W >.W.. it has about the ehaoe «t an parallelogram, and the wboJe ivortb coast is one osonnow ®«S;A.TBr^5Jrs ROOOft. of a«. Iannis flaofcea bj the qoeer outlinee cf^doSJiLd &ingf;' «' acrab Dues the ehore, eMnnoDa HCDS b», palms Ma oth» ^Snte Holering eadl other to 5,tir dirty oi gnirfllTg the grass-f dad interior of the plain from wanton 1 rlsits. Brajirliae on the beach, that lias deep "water right to the breakers, for the island, curiously enough, has no cord reeEs at all, bar in the extreme G.E. and K.W., tiny hutB peep oat of the green and enliven the monotony of the client Oiusli.Large rivets empty Into the sea, after hav ing Gained the blue ranges beycr.d and watered the fiat below. -Aod as I eat mtddsg die flitting shadows of the douds on the breast of the distant range, that lay there like a Urd. «f prey, with Its 'Wings drawn back, the ghosts of the old Spanish conquestadores eeemed to rlee and shed a glamor of romance that no natural toeaaty can give, over the land. It was in 1366 that Btendona met I flail wtth bis fleet Crom Vent X3ruz, in Mexico, to 'find a new wotM on the 1 other aside of the ocean that BQbao first had aeen , and proclaimed the | domain of the 'King of Spain. The chief pilot, Callego, wrote a log of the voyage, and, tells how VSabel was first sighted on January 35th, USSi, anil then orif after the other the main Idand* were visited and explored. Stendanji returned -with the tale of fhls mew land, (but he met with the eame ftte that eeems to have jealous ly (logged all great navigators who at that time hod made Spain a kingdom on which the eon never set. 'It took hhn yews to persuade *Hte aothorttiee to .fit out a second expedition, and' when at last he set ont, an1 aged man already, with his wife, to settle the: new province he had edded to tEnro-! pean civilization, he was unable to find the archipelago again, and one] Bight, jo a squall, his veeeel sud denly disappeared, and nothing was ever heard or eeen of her ogain.Xblis mysterious Sate of their leader frigh tened -the rest of the expedition, who retained unsuceeseful. .Porty yeajje later iGniros, who had accompanied ftlentihija as & young man on his first voyage, attempted again to tiiid the is'.ands, bat mutiny drove him lack, and his sdbaltern in command of the second vessel, Torres, sailed between New fiuinea and Aus tralia to Manilla, making his name immortal, hot T"'<igl"r "what he was looting for. 