DAY OF REST. THE LAW OF SACRIFICE. By the Rev. Dr. Mosso Uibso.n. The law of sacrifice runs through the whole range of life. .To maintainvegetable life, the mineral kingdom yields up. its best materials; the-vegetable surrenders itself to the auimal; multitudes of the smaller animals are sacri ficed that, larger ones may live. Man at the head of creation considers himself at liberty to select as he jileases among the lower orders of living things to supply his table; and fur thermore, even in human' society itself, it seems to be the rule that in the struggle for existenco the weaker goes to the wall. What are we to think of all this? Dobs it seem an ideal arrangement? If that is the natural order, which it is impossible to deny, does it not seem most unnatural, as it cer tainly is most abhorrent to our uoblest and best feelings? Surely this state of ^ things cannot'be in.accordance with "creation's final law." This is recognised even by those who ac knowledge no higher object of worshin than Nature with a capital N. Professor Huxley, for-example, in propounding what he calls "the ethics of evolution," finds it neces sary to set forth a scheme which runs directly counter to naturalevolution, ''curbing thecos mical process," as he puts it. He says:— "The practioe of that which is ethically best —what we call goodness or virtue—involves a course of conduct- which in all respects is opposed to that which leads to success in the cosinical struggle for existence. In place of ruthless self-assertion, it demands self- re straint. In place of thrusting aside.or tread ing.dovvu aU competitors, it requires that the individual shall not merely respect, but help, his- fellows. Its influence is directed not so muoh to "the survival of the fittest as to tho fitting of as many as possible to survive. It repudiates' the gladiatorial theory of exis tence." All which is most excellent; but is it fair to call it "the Ethics of Evolution," seeing it goes dead against the only evolution which as a scientific man he believed in—namely, natu ral evolution? It is indeed good ethics; but the reason why it is goo J is 110 other than this —that it is the ethics of the Gospel of Christ; and to our scientific friend we might fairly make the retort courteous, " If ye had not ploughed with niy heifer, ye had not found out my riddle." The only solution of the mystery is in tho acceptance of the Bible representation of the world as not in its ideal state, but under the malign influence of a spirit of evil, the whole creation subject to bondage, not willingly, but groaning and travailing iu pain as it waits in long-deferred hope for a coming day of regene ration. The world, as it now is, is under the curse of selfishness and sin; and its great aud only hope is the promise of redemption when tho kingdom of Satan shall have been com pletely overthrown, and the kingdom of God and of His Christ finally established upon its ruins. This is tho roasou why there must be not only a "curbing of the cosmical process," but a reversal of it, why tho sway of selfish ness must bo replaced by the universal reign of love. Yet this does not mean tho setting aside of the great law of sacrifice. Not. its abolition, but its transfiguration, would be the effect of bringing it under the dominion of love. For, while nothing is raolfe horrible than the taking of life, or even of that which ministers to life, to gratify selfish desire, nothing is more beautiful than tho surrender of what we have, or of life itself, at the call of affection or of devotion. Those highest and noblest feelings to which wo have already appealed as revolting against the sacrifice of the weak to the strong, approve and applaud and glory in tho gladly accepted suffering of the strong on behalf of the weak. The former is " the course of this world the latter is "tho law of Christ." When we bear this in mind it will not per plex us to find that the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ is a gospel of sacrifice. Notonly does it oulminate in the great surrender of the cross; it is sacrifice throughout. Who can measure the surrender of tho incarnation when He who was "in the form of God," and "counted it not a prize to be on an equality with God," "emptied Himself, taking the form of a servant, being niade-in tho like ness of men?" Who will say that the descent from the throne of heaven to the manger of Betlilohem was less than from the Mount of Transfiguration to tho abyss of the grave? We must start from the height of heaven as well as go down to tho lowest parts of the earth before we can ] measure and "know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though He was rich, for our sakes became poor, thatwo through His poverty might bo made rich." That is the reason why the true deity of otrr Lord Jesus Christ is essential to any adequate conception of His gospel. Without it His life ou earth loses the element of special sacrifice, and His death is no longer the triumph of divine love over human sin, but rather the reverse, the triumph of hatred aud iniquity over love and righteous ness. Toll me not that this pathetic story of Him who was despised and rejected, mocked and crucified, is but one more illustration of the tyranny of tho strong over tho weak, which is all it can be if that death be a martyr dom only. No, no, a thousand tunes no. It is the reversal rather of that ancient tyranny hero, "it is tho strongest who stands the most weak." Think not of tho Sufferer on the cross as a poor man in the pitiable plight of being hurried to death by his fellow men; think rather of God making that peerless life an offering for sin ; think of the "strong Sou of God" offering Himself a sacrifice to recon cile the world unto God, to redeem it from tho accursed sway of selfishness, aud make it a kingdom of truth and love. Tho immediate object and result of the great sacrifioe is the redemption of .humanity. For the Sufferer is not only Son of God but Son of Man. He represents us all, if only we do not refuse to be represented by Ilim. In our name He submits to the conditions of human life; in our name Ho is exposed to trial and temptation of every kind; in our name He fulfils all righteousness; in our name He meets the Prince of this world and overcomes hiin; in our name He exhausts tho curse of sin: in our name He rises from the dark abyss of shame and doath, and so accom plishes redemption for humanity, and secures eternal salvation for all who are willing to re nounce their allegiance to the Prince"of this World and join themselves to Him iu loyalty and trust. I But the redemption is wider than humanity. The whole creation shares in it. For Nature's old law of predominant self-interest must now give way to the higher law which is appointed to take its place. Creation's lord has been redeemed from selfishness and sin; creation I itself must bo delivered also. This must bo a long process; but it is all part of the great development of the redeeming work of God. "For," as the apostle puts it, "tho earnest expectation of the creation waiteth for tho revealing of the sous of God. For the creation was subjected to vanity, not of its own will, but by reason of Him who subjected it in hope that the creation itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the liberty of the glory of the children of God." (Rom. viii. 19-21, Revised Version.) _ _ . In some of the modern criticisms of the Scripture doctrine of vicarious sacrifice it is assumed that the Cross of Christ is to be re t garded as au event entirely isolated from tho general order of the divine procedure. There may doubtless be found some colour for this repremutation in tlie writings of incompetent j expositors; but no such suggestion is found anywhere in- the sacred Scriptures. On the contrary, the greatest pains are taken to keep us from, falling .iuto an error. .Weare tojd that it was "through the Eternal Spirit Christ offered'bimself without spot unto God.'' The spirit of the cross is not a mere flash of excep tional devotion; it is eternal, for it is the ex pression of the very nature of the unchanging God. Again, we read of " the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." What does that mean? * What can it mean but that the revelation of the Cross was as true of God from the very beginning as it was the day the Saviour of the world bowed his head aud gave up the ghost. And, when rightly read, the wnole of the Old Tostament confirms this truth. The God of the Old Testament is no impassive being, as some dry theologians, de pending more on their own metaphysics than on the testimony of Scripture, have repre sented Him, but Ouo who is afflicted in all His people's affliction, ever sacrificing Himself for their good. Those who havo read Pro fessor George Adam Smith's chapter on the Passion of God — in the second volume of his Isaiah—will remember with what pathetic power ho brings out this great thought. And-Horaco Buslmell, haviug taken a survey of God's dealings with His people under the old covenant, sums it up in these noble words:—"It is as if there were a cross unseen, standing on its undiscovered hi]], far back in tbe ages, out of which were souuding always just the same deep voice of suffering love and patience that was hoard by mortal cars from.the sacred hill of Calvary." All this prepares the way for the groat truth concern ing God on which the entire revelation of the sacred Scripture converges, the truth written on the cro38 in letters of. living flame—"God is love"—not force, compelling others to sacri fice theinsclvos for Him or it, but love, eager to sacrifice himself for them. What, thou, are wo to make of this Btill prevailing selfishness? If "God is love," love must be the key of the universe. How, then, does it come to pass that we see all around us so much selfishness, hatred, cruelty, tyranny, so many centuries after the great sacrifice' ] which was meant to accomplish the dethrone ment of selfishness aud the enthronement of love? If we say "An enemy hath done this" has not the enemy bsen overthrown? If we say that the prevailing selfishness we see around us stands not for the order of the universe but fur its disorder, why_ should eo much of the old disorder still remain? The answer is that "the mills of God grind slowly." "One day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day." The old order is changing, giving place to the new; but on this scale we have not yet reached the close of the second day since Love met Siu m deadly conflict. That was the crisis of the eonfliot when the Christ of God confronted the adversaries for the last time as Ho advanced to His cross. So our Lord Himself indicates in that remark able exclamationrboordedby St. John—"Now is the crisis of this world" (for this is tho very word in tho Greek, which is translated "judgment"), "now is tho prince of this world cast out." The old selfishness must now give way to tho new love. Yet the transition cannot be sudden. Rome is not built in a day. Tho personal victory indeed is complete at once. The prince of this world came and found nothing in Him. In a very striking passage the Apostle Paul says of Him:—"Having put off from Himself the principalities and the powers, Ho made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it (His cross)." Col. ii. 15. " Having put off from Himself,"yes; not yet from His people, not yet nor for a lon<* time to come, from the whole creation. The _ kingdom has como in the person of the Kiug; but it will be a long time ere tho consummation, when those great voices shall be heard in heaven:—" The kingdoms of this world have become the king dom of our Lord and of His Christ, and He (He whose nature and whose name is Love), shall reign for ever and ever." "Each 111 his own order; Christ tho first-fruits; afterwards they that are Christ's at His coming._ Then cometh the end, when He shall deliver up the kingdom to God oven tho Father; when He shall have abolished all rule and all authority and all power. For He must reign till He hath put all His enemies under His feet." This universal bearing of the*1 gospel of Christ is no more outburst of apostolic ecstasy. It is a dominant hope throughout the entire Scriptures. We are prepared for it by the elaboration of the doctrine of creation, and the close association from the beginning of tlic destiny of man with tho lower oreatures, and oven with inanimate Nature. In tho Psalm3 we have sueli passages as this:— Let the heavens be glad and let the earth rejoice; Let the sea voar and tile fulness thereof; Let the field exu'.t and all that is therein; Then shall ail the trees of tho wood sing for joy, Before the Lord, for lie coraeth; For lie comet li to judge the oarth; He shall judge the world with righteousness, And the people with His truth. In the prophets we have the same poetic strain echood and re-echoed, _ and besides such specific prophecies as this:" The wolf shall dwell wiiit the lamb, and tho leopard shall Ho down with tho kid; and tho calf aud the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them. And tho cow and tho bear shall feed, and the lion shall eat straw like tho ox. And the suckling child shall play on tho hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on tho basilisk's den. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain ; for tho earth shall bo full of the knowledge of tho Lord as the waters cover the sea.' In the story of the cross itself, the sympathy of Nature is shown in the quaking of the earth, the rending of the rooks, tho opening of the j graves, tho darkness overall tho land—impres- j sive sigus of the groaning and travailing of Nature with the birth-pangs of the new era. I In the apostolic writings the wide reference of the cross is again and again brought into prominence. We have already quoted the famous passages from the eighth of Romans aud from tho fifteenth of 1. Corinthians, but there aro others equally significant, like that in the epistle to tiie Colossians, where, after speaking of Christ as "the image of the invisible God, the first-born of all creation, the apostle proceeds to show how it was the good pleasure of the Father " through Him to roeoncilo all things unto Himself, having made peace through tho blood of His cross; through Him. I say, whether tilings upon the earth or things in the heavens." And when St. John, in his great Apocalypse, "saw in tho midst of the throne and of the four living creatures and in the midst of the ciders, a Lamb as though it had been slain," what does it moan but that the infinite lovo which found expression in the sacrifice of the cross shall bo the ruling principle in tho groat future beyond tho veil? And when he heard, not tho angels and the elders only, but " every created thing which is in tho heaven, and on tho earth, and , under the earth, and on tho sea,^.nd all things j that are in th'om, saying. Unto Him that sittcth on the throne and unto the Lamb, be the blessing, and the honour, and tho . glory, and the dominion, for ever and ever," what does it mean but that love is yet to pervade tho entire universo and to bo the law of its redeemed life for evermore? " 1 saw in the midst of the throne a Lamb, standing, as though it had been slain." Death is now only a memory of the past. Wo have secu that sacrifice, rooted as it is in the nature of God, must remain as a law even of the restored order of things; but "obviously it cannot Remain in the form in which" it found expression on the cross. " The last enemy, that shall be destroyed is death"; bat it shall be destroyed; and. when death shall "have been destroyed sacrifice can have no longer the extreme meaning which how it bears. ' . To understand in what manner it will abide, we have only to consider the modified form it. generally tabes for the follower of Christ even how. Wiien the apostle Bays, seeing our'Lord laid down' HiB life for us, "we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren," He doe's uot mean that we nrist all .suffer death for one another. The Lord Jesus laid down His life for us iu detail day by day before He did it once for all, on the great day of atonement. So should it be with us. If occasion call for it, we should be ready in the most literal sense to lay down our lives for the brethren, as many a brave man does, evenin these selfish times of ours; but these are only the great emergen cies ; as a rule we are called upon to lay down our liveB in detail, to deny ourselves this or that gratification, this or that possession, for the sake of others. That thiB giving of life iu detail is what St. John refers to in the pas sage above quoted, is evident by the way in which he proceeds to illustrate his poiut. Ho has jhst said, " we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren," and as an instance he sug gests this—"Whoso hath this world's goods and seeth his brother in need, and shutteth up his compassion from him, how dwellsth the love of God in him?" Now this modified appli cation of the spirit of the cross may give us some idea of how it may be that even when pain and death shall bo no mora, the law of loving sacrifice may still exert its benignant sway. . When God 6ball have made all . things new, the great law of sacrifice, .stripped of all its painful features, shall have been trans figured into that of loving service. And thus tho .spirit of the cross will continue to be the inspiration of the redeemed throughout eter nity, The death of Christ will always bo a sacred memory and a holy inspiration; but it will have passed for ever into the realm of the ideal. The hard, stern, terrible reality will be gone for ever more. " Christ raised from the doad dieth no more; death has no more dominion over Him. For iu that He died, lie died unto sin once; but in that He liveth, He liveth unto God." The Lamb which John saw standing in the midst of the throne was not a lamb slain, but "as though it had beon slain." The law of sacrifice has been redeemed from sin and selfishness and from all associa tion with death and pain; it has been trans figured into the ideal of loving service. 