tiOTES M GUREOT EVENTS. Some friend kindly forwards me a copy of The Beacon, a. well printed and interesting little periodical published ostensibly in the interests of. single tax. Aa I am not a mem ber of the Single Tax League, I do not take a large amount of interest in the news items of this publication, but it is only fair fco sav that some of the original fiction is truly delightful reading. As a sample of the powers of imagination possessed by one of the contri butors, I extract the following : — 'The following is an extroct from a letter received from a well- known resident in Albury: — 1 B«ef is 41. on this sirte (of the Mitt-ray) ; 4ld. for the best inmp stenk. In Wodonsra it is Si., thanks to the stork tax. and it ia not the butchers who make thedifference, as itcos'.s them, dressed for sale, nearly 6d., or 56-*. per cwt. T.be lowest price for decent meht in She carcase is 30s per c-«t. in/Wodo'iga, nart more for prime beef.' On a Saturday night householders from Wodonga may be seen in Aibury buying meat, and saying 41\. per 1b. They have to dodge the Victorian Onatoroa' officers, hut that is not difficult in the datk. Nearly evevy thing p.ossib'e is Btnngs»lp«l over by almost everyone in Wodonpa.' We . wonder how the Trenwiths and Maugera would fare if they assured a W donga audience that protection reducea prices.' '?????? '. Tlie query that will, of course, suggest) itsalf to the average mind afrer'reading the foregoing is, ' What the deuce are the Albury butchers doing ?' If rump steak that sells hero at 4^d. realises 8d. at Wodonga, why don'b they start branch shops there. The Victorian duty on meat is a trifle under a penny per pound. * * ?*?-.?.-??! If the Premier be not a master of the art: of giving the 'retort courteous' he is-at least an expert in tho matter of meeting 'a question which he considers hostile with a reply that may be characterised as the 'b.luff direct.' Last week, in answer to a question aa to the number of suicides in the colony, he suggested that to obtain a csmplete return it would be advisable to waib until the ques- ' tioner and his friends had gone through the ordeal of tbe next elections.. On Thursday Mr. Schey asked the- Colonial Treasurer — ' Does he approve of the action of the Secre tary for Lands in absenting: himself so fre quently from his place on the Treasury bench, and thereby denying the members of this House of their right to interrogate him on his administration, of the land laws, espe cially en the new industry of exchanging Crown lands behind the back of Parliament?' The Right Hon. G. H. Reid answered— 'If my hon. friend the Secretary for Lands is .' absent at the opening of the House, it is always owing to the pressure of public busi ness; when it is not otherwise.' This reply is worthy one of the Augurs of old. .-.'.. -'?? *. . * ' * '..;'': '?'?' The Sydney correspondent : of a,D.ubbo ' journal in a recent issue had the following: ' l The Earl of Hard wicke, who is visiting Aus bralia on a pleasure . t rip, ; arrived in Sydney from Molong on Tuesday morning. He came bo the colony two months ago, and has been 3pending a few weeks at Burrawong with Mr. Frederick Young1, a son-m-law of Mr. Norton RusRell, of Woollahra. The Earl of Hardwicke was seen by a Press representative nt the Hotel Australia, and in the course of oonversation referred to a few of his experi ences of travel during the past 12 months. The Earl, who until May bore the title of Viscount Royston, has been in the United States, Cuba, Mexico, Fiji, and Auckland. He was in Cuba in February last, and the incidents of his stay there included some active experiences of the Cuban war. ' I gave the American reporters plenty of copy at Cuba,' he remarked -with a laugh. From Cuba he went to Mexico. He was on the shores of the Western Pacific when the news came of his father's death, the message also ? conveying the intelligence that he had suc ceeded to the title and estates. Before re turning hortie he decided to visit Australia; Some of his experiences of tbe country have been of an itnexpected character. * I went to Molorg to hunt kangaroos,' he said. 'I expected to rough it, but rather to my sur prise I was invited to dances, and opened a bazaar, i didn't expect to find you so up to date.' The Earl, who states that he likes Australia and will be sorry to leave it, has gone on to Melbourne for the Cup.' A few days later came a correcting para graph as follows : — ' New Seuth Wales — or rather the very nicest people In tho province— have had another rude shook.. For some time, Sydney society has been making much of a gentleman, who arrived here by the Canadian mail boat, »nd cnlled Earl Hardwicke. He recently was up Molong way, opened baziars there, attended picnics, ? and was mado much of generally by all tho upper crust; of that limestone wool-growing district. Unfortunately, he is now in the Sydney lockup, charged with obtaining goods ~ by false preteucos from a metropolitan jeweller. In other words, he turns oub not to be the carl at all, and it is unneoeasarj' to say that this is a terriblo Rhock, and baa created a very groar. sensation in high and haughty circles. A friend inforina mo that there hii-s boon nothing like if. siuco Von Attorns flashed upon Sydney liko a meteor, and disappeared in that appropriately- named yaoht, ' The FLimlat's Ghost.' ' To which I mny ndd thufc tho prime qualification toiv Bochl bucoc-83 in Australia ia — cheek, pure* and nlmplo. , ? * . * ? * :..(?-. The eVtromo scarcity of provisions ab' 'tho Klondyko goldlicltls ia forcibly illustrated by .the fact of a man having been lynched a few; I weeks ago for stealing 31b. of bacon. Another ' incident may bo quoted in the same connec tion as follows : — . : The Klondyke gold miner held up a nugget which he had just found. It was as big as his fiat. 'Isn't that a beauty ?' he naked, The consensus of opinion was that the nugget was a beauty indeed. ' yes, indeed,' said one of the old hands. ' ' I wouldn't be surprised if we could get a bag of potatoes for it, now that goods are' coming down a bit.' LIPPON DAIRN. 'Withdrawn from Sale.— We are asked to call attention to the fact that the farm of Miy;A..,Friedrichs, advertised last week by Messrs. Ten Brink and Co. for sale, has been withdrawn from sale for the present. Dedication of the Market Reserve. — The. Municipal Council has received an in timation to the effect that the Secretary for Lands has approved of the dedication of the Market Reserve for municipal buildings. : Roman Catholic— We understand that Dr. Reville, the co-adjutor Bishop of Ben id igp, will visit this district next week, and that the right rev. gentleman will administer confirmation at St. Augustine's, Wodonga, on Sunday, the 21st inst. Sales of Land. — On Saturday, 13th November, Messrs. C. L. Griffith aud Co. hold a sale of land at Pardy's Hotel, How long. The lots to be offered include land at Howlong and Moorwarha. On 20th they will offer cottages in Young-street. [Returned.— On Saturday last Mr. M. Jus tic'ej a well-known citizen of Albury. returned from a visit to the old country. His many friends will be glad to learn that his health, which was anything but good prior to his de parture, has been much improved by the trip. Drowning Case.— One day last week an elderly man named Sherwood, in attempting to ford the Murray near Maracket, was washed .off his horse and drowned. The body waB recovered a few ; days Binco, and a magisterial inquiry held, resulting in a ver dict of accidental death. \- i Dentistry. — Mr. C. M. Hall will be at Yackandandah on Wednesday, 17th inst. , and may be consulted at;Mr.;:R6me'a, chemist ; also at Cprewa, on Saturday afternoon and Sunday, 20th and 21st, at Rankin's Royal Hotel ; and Yarrawo/jga, , Wednesday, 24th (all day), and Thursday, 25th (till 2 p.m.), at the Victoria Hotel. Band .Concert.— One of the most enjoy able features of the Bicycle Club's carnival on Tuesday, was the moonlight concert in the .Gardens. The moon wasrjusfc at the full, the air cool, and a large crowd derived consider able pleasure from listening to a number of selections of instrumental music wellrendered by the Town Band. . The. Vineyards. — Ths reports from local vineyards are generally of a satisfactory cha racter. The vines are making excellent growth, there have been no injuries from late frosts reported, and the vineyards so far have been remarkably free from oidium. In some cases the usual sulphuring has not yet been considered necessary. ...... Safe Robbery.— On Sunday afternoon the post office at Bethanga was broken into arid, the safe removed bodily. It was afterwards discovered in the ranges, where it had been blown open with dynamite. The safe contained over £80 in money. The robbers are believed to be the Bame men who last week removed the safe from Yarra Yarra Statiou. . ? , Subsidies to Agricultural Societies. — In the , Legislative Assembly, on the 4th iri&b;'., Mr. Wheeler asked the Secretary for Mines and Agriculture, 'Will agricultural societies in receipt of £50 per annum from subscriptions paid by 100 or more members be entitled to a subsidy ?' Mr. S. Smith answered, .'Yes ; when the estimates now before Parliament are passed.' Presbyterian Church. — The seventh an niversary of the induction of Rev. D. Smith will be celebrated by special services next Sabbath, when the Rev. James Henry, formerly of Albury, will preach morning and evening. A social meeting and concert will be held on Tuesday evening next io the schoolroom, beginning at half-past seven. A children's tea meeting will take place on Wednesday evening at 6 30. Mining at Chiltern. — There is a proba bility of the Middle Indigo syndicate success fully floating the mining area held by them into a large company. Already (aays the Sun) gome 15,000 shares have been applied for, the largest applications for contributing phares being, we believe, from the Hon. J. A. Wallace, and Messrs. Cock and Tricks. The company ia to consist of 30,000 shores, ' the vendors receiving no cash, and very few paid up shares in consideration of thoir interest. , WonpNOA Presbyterian Church:. — Mr. William Smith, who has acted as minister ot tho Presbyterian Church, Wodonga, for about ton years past, is about to re-sign his position, and devote his time exclusively to business. The cordage factory established by Mr. Smith and hia son ia now assuming very largo dimensions, and will roquiro all the attention that the two enterprising gontlomon can buutow on it. Tho industry l\m aoquirod a foothold all over the North Eastern district. A WoDQNGA Candidate.^— Ainohgst the 1st of successful candidates at the recent University examinations, we are pleased to notice again the name of Mr. Neville P. Newriari, who has succeeded in passing the first year of the degree of Bachelor of Laws. Mr. Newnau, who is a son or Mr. N. P. Newnan, of Bonegilla, was successful last year in obtaining the degree of Bachelor of Arts, and has since 1hat time been reading in chambers, under the able supervision of the Hon. I. A. Isaacs, Attorney-General. Refusing to Pay for Liquor. — A man named Edward Turner was charged at the police courb on Saturday with refusing to pay foi; liquor after it had been supplied to him. He was also charged with assaulting Con stable Carrick, who arrested him. The ac cused said he had been under the influence of liquor on the night in question, and had been annoyed by a number of men asking him for money. The constable then came up and handled him rather roughly. He did not re member striking the constable. The pri soner was ordered to be imprisoned until 1 p.m. for the first offence. For the second he was fined 40s. or 21 days' imprisonment. The Victorian Civil Service.— An ex amination of male candidates for admission to the non-clerical branch of the public service will be held on Saturday, 18th De coniber, at ? Beech worth. Applications must be lodged with the secretary of the public service board by Saturday,. 20th November, accompanied by a fee of 5s. The positions open to competition are those of attendants in the hospitals for the insane, and. one forester, but there are very few vacancies, and the examinations are rather for qualifica tion than for immediate selection. The can didates must be between 21 and 41 years of age, and the salaries will range from £54 to £78 a year, with quarters, or £16 a year ad ditional in lieu of rations. Harvest Prospects.— In the neighbour hood of Albury the crops generally look fairly well. About Jerilderie and Narandera the prospects are very discouraging. Prom Oorowa to Tocumwal the paddocks are re ported to be looking well. The Btee Press says: — 'There is not one on that line which gives its owner any cause for anxiety.' About Bobmanoomana and Collendina the best are to be seen, and there, even if no rain should fall between now and harvest, a good result is almost assured. On Tarramia things ar3 almost as hopeful. Around Daystlale, Lowesdale, Quat Quatta, Goombargona and Burryjaa good prospects are apparent every where, and cutting for hay is already in swing at the latter place. Back from the river towards Berrigan thinj»3 are not so hopeful.' Illegally on Premises— Ab the police court on;; Wednesday a young man natae;d George Johnson was charged with being, unlawfully on the promises of the Australian Hotel with intent to steal, ori.the previous day. Constable Sullivan deposed, that at 2 a.m. he saw two men rush away from the hotel in question ; he followed them and came up with prisoner in a shed ; the other man escaped.;; he had no boots on. J. D. Turnbull deposed that he heard Constable Sullivan calling out 'Stop;' he went out and saw prisoner in custody ;' prisoner, had no right to be on the premises. Richard Rice, a lodger at the Australian Hotel, de posed that he went to bed about 11 o'clock and found his clothing had been interfered with, and che pockets turned inside out. The prisoner was discharged. Mining Mems.— A meeting of shareholders in the Record G. M. Co., Black Range, was held on the 4th mst. at the Railway Hotel. The manager reported that the contract for driving was about completed, and that 20 loads of washdirb had been carted to the machine and would be put through as soon as possible. The wash looked well, and he expected it would give payable results, although some of the headings wero included in it ; he would recommend that the present drive — which is now in 60ft. — should bo con tinued to the west, as the reported rich cutter could not be far off. Several of the share holders stated they had washed dishes of dirt, tho prospects from which were shown aud were considered satisfactory, It was deoided to increase the capital of the com pany by offering 10 new shares of £10 each to the public. Mr. M'Cutcheon occupied the chair . The. Veriscope. — This very attractive exhibition will be open to the public to-night at tho Mechanics' Institute. The subjeoc delineated by the series of living pictures is the Fitzsiiiiinons-Corbett boxing contest at !N evada in March last. The pictures aro de scribed as being equally marvelous from a scientific standpoint, and attractive as an en tertainment. The series includes, or is made up of, 160,000 views, illustrating the contest from tho beginning to its close, being shown in one hour and a half. They pass by the eye at tho rate of 40 to a second, and un broken views of 15 minutes each are pre sented. Tho Fitzsimmons-Corbett contest attracted as much interest in Australasia and .England aa it dii in America, and the veri- i soopo exhibition, it is said, truthfully shows ! avavything that took pbioo in the arena from tho liuio tho principals entered until tho con test was over. Australian Mutual Provipent Society. — Attention is drawn iu our advertising columns to the fact that the financial year of bhi3 institution is drawing to a close, and that the date when tho usuul yearly investigation of its aft'uits uud distribution of its surplus will be macie. is at hand, intending; assurers I are reminded that a bonus for the year 1897 will be allotted to every participating policy effected not later than the 31st December next. The amount of cash bonus distributed amonght the participating policyholders for the single year 1896 was no iess a sum than ! £428,797. Persons who wish to avail them- j selves of the benefits which membership of this well-known society confers, and who desire to become participants in the profit earned in the current year, will do well to make application at the head office or any of the district offices, or consult one of the agents of the society without delay. A Useful Work.— Und or the title ' Rail way System, Holiday Resorts, &c;,' the Railway Commissioners have published what is stated to be 'a convenient volume of reference to the principal stations and;place3 of interest along the lines.' The work con sists of 176 pagf s and well carries out its title. It is excellently printed and is embellished with photographs and maps. While it con tains much useful information not otherwise readily obtainable it is essentially a guide book; and as such we should have preferred to see it brought out by private enterprise, endorsed however as to its accuracy by the commissioners. There is little encourage ment in this colony for members of the literary profession ; and the publisation of such a work as this, as well as of the Agri cultural Gazette, is a distinct discouragement. The work is published by the government printer at 1«. The Newtown Orphanage.— The formal opening of the new wing, for the purpose of industrial training at St. J ohn's Orphanage, Newtown, on Sunday last, was made the oc casion of a large gathering. The day waa fine, and fche site of the orphanage, commanding as it does a magnificent view of vineclad hills and fields of waving corn, is an ideal sp'6t for the rendezvous of townspeople, glad to escape tor a few hours from the dust of the streets, and the monotony of bricks and mortar. For a couple of hours after midday the road to Newtown was one procession of buggies, cabs, equestrians, and bicycles. The formal ceremony of blessing the new building was performed.by Dr. Gallagher, coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn, assisted by the local clergy. The Bishop also delivered an impressive sermon appropriate to the occasion. The Albory Town Band played some selections of instrumental music before and after the ceremony, and at the close a collection was taken up in aid of the building fund, a Very handsome amount being realised. Some par ticulars of the event will be found in another column. ... - -r. Alleged Criminal Libel. -—At the police court yes'terday, before the Police Magistrate and Messrs. K. M'Lennan, G. A. Thompson, and E. J. Kernau, J.'sP., Walter Darby was charged with having published a criminal libel. Mr. C. Wilkinson and Mr, Robiaon appeared for the prosecution ; Mr. F.Tietyehs for the defence. The Police Magistrate said the defendant was charged with criminal libel. A criminal libel consisted of the mali cious publication of defamatory matter, tend ing directly or indirectly to hold up the person libelled to public hatred, ridicule or contempt. The Bench was of opinion that the letter complained of — a lecier Bigned ' Charlie's Aunt ' — did not hold the nrose cutor up to hatred, ridicule, or contempt within the meaning of the Statute. There waa, moreover, no reasonable ground for fearing that the publication would cause a breach of the peace ; and, in the opinion of the Bench, the case waa not one in which the criminal lew should be put in.motion. The case was dismissed. Mr. C. Wilkinson said in view of this expression of opinion he would withdraw the charge against Duncan M 'Donald. Wodonga Prospecting Association. — The eenfiral meeting of persons interested in the Wodonga Prospecting Association, held on Friday evening in the Shire Hall, was attended by about 25 persons. Mr. G. Leigh ton occupied the chair. Messrs. S. Mason, jun., and J. H. S. Campbell reported the result; of their canvass. They had succeeded in disposing altogether of 73 shares at 10s. each. This number was augmented before the conclusion of the meeting. Messrs. Mason and Campbell having been accorded a hearty vote of thanks for their services, a lengthy discussion Followed. A large section of the meetiug was opposed to anything being done unless the full number of shnres originally proposed (200) was subscribed, the opinion being freely expressed that it would cost at legist £25 to put one bore down 300 feet, which would bo of very doubtful value. Eventually tho chairman and Mr. Mason were appointed to. prosecute -\ further canvass f-f the town, and endeavour to dispose ®f more shares. The hon. secretory was in structed to communicate with Mr. Isaacs, M.P., asking to be informed when the re port of Mr. J. Stirling, the Government geologist, might be expected. The meeting was then adjourned for a fortnight. The Federal Capital. — The president of the Wodonga Shire Council (Councillor Morrison) has convened a public meeting for Wediiosdny ovenin' next, at 8 o'clock, in tho tmire hall, to take stops to oo-opor-ito with Albury in tho Ft'ilonil City movement. Up to the present, it must be confessed, little h;ia been done by Wodonya in the. way of seconding the efforts of tho Albury citizens. New, however, that tho cmiro president lias convened a public me?t inc, it is to be hoped thnt vigorous actioa will bo taken' by tho residents on-the jVictoriati side to bring, the Bfiany advantages of the district under the notice of the delegate? to the Federal Convention, It is true that the selection will probably rest) with the Federal, Parliament, which has nob yet been called ih,to existence, and that the Convention delegates have arrived at' an understanding that the question of site shall not be discussed at the Convention. Still, the strong probability of a large number of the Conventionists being elected to. the Federal Parliament must not be lost sight of in a movement ©f this sort as well as the cir cumstance that the Parliamentary 'represen tative of the district is a leading mepnber of the Convention. With good organisation, very powerful aid might be rendered to the movement by the residents on the Victorian bank of the Murray. The Amy Sherwin Concert Company. — This company opened for a short season at the Mechanics1 Institute on Friday evening to a fairly good house. The front seats were indeed crowded, but tbe back part of. the hall was not so well filled. Considerable disappointment was occasioned by the absence of Mr. B. M'Guckin, which necessi tated an alteration of the programme. The concert, however, was of a character that left very little to be desired. All. lovers of musi£ were delighted with the performance of Madame Sherwin. '. This charming cantatiica was certainly never heard to better advan tage, and many of the audience freely ex pressed the opinion that no more naturally excellent or better cultivated organ had; ever been heard in the provinces.- The first number was' 'Little Bird ' (Allen), a piece which afforded the opportunity for the-. pro- duction of some very marvellous effects 'in the reproduction of bird notes. In response ?to an encore Madame Sherwin sang 'No, Sir.' with a vivacity and archness that took the house by Btorm. Her other num bers included ' Oh Fairy Wand.' 'If. I were a lark,' and 'Robin Adair.' The termination of the latter was the signal for a tremendous outburst of applause, and the? singer had to respond with yet another song — 'Comin* thro' the rye.' The contralto of the company, Miss Grindlayj sang several pieces very pleasingly, and Mr. A. Deane*' the baritone, received a well-merited enq'ore for his tasteful arid spirited interpretation, of '?The Pilgrims.' MK Stoneham 'was xerji* successful in a flute solo, and the. pianist—: Mr. Szczepanowski— -proved himself a very talented arti9t. On Saturday: night tKerjai was an entire change, of programme;, -wlheii Madame Sherwin'a principal numbers^; were the 'Jewel Song' from Faust,, :BiB.h£-p'd 'Lo, hear the gentle lark,' and ''Within A mile of Edinboro' Toon.' . . .: Important Land Case.— In the Suprdmel Court on the 4th inst., -before jbhe,, Chief j Justice, Mr. Justice Stephen, and Mr. Justice; Owen, the appeal case of Joseph Harrington was disposed of. Mr. Pilcher,' QCi;^ and. Mr. Wise, instructed by MesarsV: JJohnsbii,' Minter, Simpson, and: Co.'; appeared' for .the appellant, Joseph Harrington ; ;«nd;..iir. Rogers, Q.C., and Mrf Han bury Davieay in structed by the Crown Solicitor, foi 'the Minister for Lands. This was a jSpeeiaV case stated by the Land Appeal Court, at tlie in stance of Joseph Harrington; -It- appears that on January 9,1897* a notification was published in the Gazette that the lands form ing portions Nos.. 1, 2, and 11, in the parish of Howall, county of Urana, were under the provisions of the 10th and 13th sections of the Crown Lands Act of 1895 set apart for homestead solection. These lands . were prior to January 9, 1897, subject to a reserve foraccess,No. 24,376, declared on July 4, 1898, which reserve was by notification in the . Gazette on January 9, 1897, reypked. The revocation contained an intimation that the lands were not to be sold until after the' ex piration of 60 days from the d3te of revoca tion. On .February 11, 1897, Joseph Har rington, on behalf of and with the consent of Pitt, Son, and Badgery, holders and mort gagees from Harrington of c.p. No. 76,180. Urana. lodged an application with the Crown lands agent at Uiana to take .up the whole of the lands, the subject of the notification of January 9, 1897, aa an additional conditional purchase by virtue of his conditional pur chase Harrington had acquired the condi tional purchase by purchase from Thomas Heyes, the original holder, about the month of April, 1S84, and bad been for more than six months prior to the application for the ad ditional conditional purchase, and then was in bona-fide residence, on the original conditional purchase. On March 22, 1S97, the local land board disallowed tho application on tho ground that it was made for land withinre.^ Borve 24,376 before the expiry of 60 dnyg from the notice of the revocation of the re serve. Harrington and Pitt, Son, and Bad gery appealed against the decis;on to the Land Court, which, however, dismissed both appeals. The question for the decision of the Court was whether, under the circumstances sat forth, Harrington was entitled under sec* tion 11 of the Crown Lands Act. of 1895 to take up as an A. C.P. or conditional lease the land set apart for the purposes mentioned in section 10 of rho Act, notwithstanding that! (30 day3 had not olapKed from th»- date of re vocation. Aftor I'oiviug argument the. Courb hold that under the oircunistancfft set forth in tho case tho appellant Joseph Harrington w»3 entitled under the. 11 th section of tbe Ltiml Act of 18f?5 to take up a3 an additional conditional purchase or conditional -lease, tha Ituuia sat. apart for the purposes mentioned ia section 10; notwithstanding thst the 60 days had uot elapsed- Appeal allowed, with costs* 