Infant Baptism. By Lady Cook, nee Teknessee Claflin, {Contributed.) Part 1. IT was a simple every-day oircumstance that set us thinking, and became responsible for our setting down the heading as above. We had been invited to the christening of a dear little baby, the child of a near relative, and, as it lay in smiling innocence in the arms of the clergymau, we could not help feeling how angelic is healthy, rosy infancy, how pure and sweet /the first buddiog of childhood. We thought of that mother dwelling amidst the hills of J udea in the long centuries ago, gazing with quiet rap ture upon her ' babe wrapped in swaddling clothes and lying in a manger,' she who was the type of sacred maternity, as He was the type of purest infancy and worthi est manhood ; they two, the Mother of suffering and the Man of grief. Since their day innumerable millions of mothers have implored her aid in the throes of child birth, and the nations have bowed down and worshipped Him who while alive ' was despised aud rejected of men.' With all this we could see no valid reason why any virtuous and healthy English matron should not be as worthy of reverenoe as the Syrian peasant-mother of the Prince of Peace, nor why any proper man-child might not also become a Christ and any woman-child a 'Holy Virgiu.' These things lie wholly in contrasts and compari sons, and are wrought out by breed and environment. The highbred and fearless soldier Ignatius, who was ever in the thickest of the fight, having been stricken down by a canon-ball, confined to hospital and left to his reflections, afterwards put aside his armour and became the most enthusiastic and most fearless of religious reformers— an ascetic and a saint, the first general of the ' Society of Jesus,' and renowned through out Europe for his piety and self*denial. And if his great contemporary, Oajetan, before whom Luther was tried at Augsburg, had not been bred a monk from his boyhood, he, too, would doubtlessly have been as dis tinguished in war as he was in theology. Our contemplation on these topics, how ever, received a rude check from the ceremony m hand, for we found that we were confronted with a system of dubious and archaio speculations which were to be reverently accepted, wholly and undoubt ingly. We were amazed to discover that very questionable doctrines, doctrines such, .as no sane person nowadays could possibly believe, were made matters of worship and faith, so that it was impossible for any in telligent listener to join in the ceremony with truthful lips and a clear conscience. All these, however, we might have endured as relics of past times, but we were shooked to find that the little hero of the occasion, so far from being, as we thought, stainless as the unspotted snow, was a concentration of an me vices, a cniio. oi une aevu ana pos sessed of a devil, filled with all manner of moral diseases and spiritual unoleanness. His happy mother, also, was no better than she should have been, and God's own process of procreation was evidently a vicious one, for under it every one who comes into being is ' born in sin and conceived in iniquity,' aud from this pleasant arrange ment there is no escape. Now, could we bear to think that our innocent looking little relative was such a monster of turpitude, and his amiable mother one who had grossly misoonducted herself. Of course, we admired the cleverness which discovered all this, and the talents which had been directed to such a revelation of iniquity. Evidently there were very amiable people about in the olden times, men whose pene tration was deeper than that of the Rontgen rays. Nevertheless, there was a certain ataginess aboutithe whole affair which made it appear as unreal in meaning as uny African fetish ceremony. We are told the Matebele are neither so intelligent nor so civilised as . we, but; anyhow, their witch doctors are able to concoot a better thing than this. In unmasking the folly, the wickedness, and the blasphemy of this ceremony, we 'shall not ask our readers to rely upon our unsupported testimony, but shall give the proofs from the lips and pens of some of the groat authorities of the Church itself Origen said to the baptised believer : ' Thou descendest into the water dead in ain, thou aocendest quickened in lighteous ooss.' St. Gregory said: 'He that saith sins are not quite forgiven in baptism may as well Gay tbe Egyptians were not truly dead in tho Red Sea.' St. Augustine wrote a whole, chapter to prove ' That by the price of th§ blood. of 'Christ in baptism, children aro -'washed, freed, and saved from original' sin, propagated from the first parents ..... Seeing, therefore, children do not begin to be o? the sheep of Christ but .only by= ' baptism, truly if the^ do n$t receive that, they will perish.' Origen also said, ' By t-kn iv.or.4- T — 1 1 ? ? A1»„ ?CH.'U - C vmv* , uwwiumuw w Ui, IIUU 141UU Ul our nativity is laid waste, therefore are' little children baptised,' And we onoe heard the vioar of a Sussex parish, in preaching, Bay .: ' I tell you there are children in Hell not a 'Span long.' And so great is. the regenera tive efficacy of baptism that St. Augustine said, 'Tbat m the baptismal washing not only , the pardon of such sins as were ooro--. mitred, bi}t\ of such as shall be afterwards committed', is granted to such as believe in Christ.' Ths doctrine' of original ∈, however monstrous in itselt', is 'chit fly the c;u -e of infaut biptiein. The whole w burrowed from the more ancient w'o 'ship of Mithra, i/ichi.'h'ng t he great feature of mat king the forehead with the sign of the .oross. This Was tho di8Uuotiye §nd uniYertRjl mark oi & ! Phallio worshipper, and was indellibly 'eoored on the flesh. Tertulhan bears witness that the primitive Christians ' were wont to wear out their foreheads with the sign of the cross .... a practice which tradition had introduced, custom had confirmed, and .which the' present generation received upon the credit of that which went before them.' Speaking of the devil, he said, 'He taptiseth some of his faithful believers, ho promises them forgiveness of their sins after baptism, and so initiates them to Mithra, and there he signs his soldiers on their foreheads.' And in the same way St. Cyprian asserted that ' the forehead of a christian is sanctified with the sign of God.' Constantino the Great adopted it by super natural direction as his banner, with .the motto, 'By this sign thou shalt over* come.' Thus before the catechumen was baptised he was bound to undergo the ceremony of exorcism. The devil had to be cast out before he could become regenerated and commence a soldier of Christ. The Liturgy up to the fifth of King Edward the Sixth contains the following : — 'Then let the priest, looking upon the children, say : ' I command thee, unclean spirit, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that thou come out and depart from these infants, whom our Lord Jesus Christ hath vouch safed to call to His holy baptism, to be made members of His body, and of His holy congregation. Therefore, thou oursed spirit, remember thy sentence, remember . thy judgment, remember the day to be at hand, wherein thou shalt burn in fire everlasting, prepared for thee and thy angels. And presume not hereafter .to exercise any tyranny towards these infants whom Christ hath bought with His preoious Blood,, and by this His holy baptism oalleth to be of His flock.' ' Martin Bucer persuaded the reformers to omit this as fit only for demoniaos. But' those to be baptised had, in lieu of this exorcism to stand ' with their backs to the east, the symbol of light, and face the west, the symbol of darkness and the evil one, and stretching out their hands in defiance of him, were to say, 'Irenonnce the devil and all his works, powers, and service.' - . Let our readers go through ' The Ministra tion of Publick Baptism for Infants, to be used in Church,' and compare it with whaft we have written, and see what they think of it. We have not space to go through it line for line, but it will well repay perusal. The obscene ceremonies of Paganism, de prived, it is true, of much of their grossness, have found a homestead in the Churoh, and our ears are daily polluted by the sugges tions which underlie them. How long will the prurient fancies of eunuchs, and the mystioal immorality of Asiatio and African monks of the dark ages regulate the oouduct and opinions of the oountry P The English church from time to time has watered down her doctrines and ceremonies to meet, to some extent, the demands of rationalism and common sense. She no longer nrfltfinds to cast out devils, to apeak in unknown tongues, to heal the sick by unotion, or to perform miracles. Yet she still olaims other powers equally as wonderful and equally absurd. We protest against these pretensions as so many insults to common reason, as injurious to public and private morality, as frauds upon the oredulity of the ignorant and simple, and as unworthy of our time and place, and we trust the day is npt far. distant when all fraudulent ceremonies, and especially those attended by gain, will receive, as they deserve, the condemnation of every honest and enlight ened citizen. 