s The Christian." BY HALL CAINE, ' Atrruon of "Thk Manxman." FOURTH BOOK.— SANCTUARY. XIH. f'V Returning to St. James's-street, Drake ' found John Storm waiting in his rooms. The men had changed a good deal since . they last met, and the faces of both showed Buffering. "Forgive me for this visit," said Storm, 'ft was my first duty to call and thank you lor what you ve done. "That's nothing— nothing at all," said 'Drake. "I had also another object. You'll know jvhat that is." Drake bowed his head. ; "She is gone, it seems, and there is no Jrace' left of her." "None!" "Then you know nothing?" "Nothing! And you?" "Nothing whatever!" . Drake bowed his head again. "I knew it .was a lie — that she had gone after you — 1 never believed that story." "Would to God she had!" said Storm fer vently, and Drake flinched, but bore him self bravely. "When did she go?" "Two days ago, apparently." "Has anybody looked for her?" "I have — everywhere — everywhere I can think of. But this Loudon " "Yes, yes; I know, X know!" "For two clays I have never rested, and all last night " Storm's eyes were watching the twitch- ings of Drake's face. He had been sitting uneasily on his chair, and now he rose from it. "Are you going already?" said Drake. "Yes," said Storm. Then in a husky voice lie added, "I don't know if we shall ever ineet again, you and I. When death breaks .the link that binds people " "For God's sake, don't say that." "But it is so, isn't it?" "Heaven knows ! Certainly the letter she left behind — the letter to Rosa _ Poor child, she was such a creature of joy — so bright, so brilliant! And then to think of 'her — — I was much to blame — I came between you. But if I had once rea lised " Drake stopped, and the men fixed their eyes on each other for a moment and then turned their heads away. . "I'm afraid I've done you a great injus tice, sir," said Storm. "Me?" .. "I thought she was only your toy — your plaything. But perhaps" (his voice was breaking) "perhaps you loved her too." Drake answered, almost inaudibly, "With nil my heart and soul!" "Then — then we have both lost her?" "Both!" There was silence for a moment. The hands of the two men met and clasped and parted. "I must go," said Storm, and he moved across the room with a look of utter weari ness. "But where are you going to?" "I - don't know— anywhere — nowhere — it 'doesn't matter now." "Well- " "Goodnight!" "Good night!" Drake stood at the door below until the (flow, uncertain footsteps had turned the corner of the street and died away. John Storm was sure now. Overwhelmed by his own disgrace, ashamed of his down fall, and perhaps with a sense of her own chare in it, Glory had destroyed herself. Strange contradiction! Much as he had bated Glory's way of life there came to him at the moment a deep remorse at the thought that he had been the means of nut ting an. end to it. And then her eav and ""happy spirit clouded bv his own disasters! Her good name stained by association with bis sin and fall! But it was now verv late, and he began to ask himself whore he was to sleep. At first he thought of his old quarters under the church, and then he told himself that Brother Andrew would be gone by this time, and that everything connected with the parish must be transferred to other keen ing. Going by an hotel in Trafalgar-square, be stepped in and asked for a bed. "Certainly, sir," said the clerk; who was polite and deferential. "Can I have something to eat, too?" "Coffee room to the left, sir. Luggage Coming, sir?" "I have no luggage to-night." he answered, and then he saw that the clerk looked at " bim doubtfully. The coffee room was empty and only half lit up, for dinner was long over and the i business of the day was done. John was Bitting at his meal, eating his food with his eyes down and hardly conscious of what .was going on around, when he became aware that from time to time people opened the room door and looked across at him, then whispered together and passed out. 'At length the clerk came up to him with awkward manners and a look of constraint. "I beg your pardon, sir, but— are you Father Storm?" John bent his bead. "Then I'm sorry to say we cannot accom modate you— we dare not — we must request you to leave." John rose without a word, paid his bill and left the place. But where was he to go? What house would receive him? If one hotel refused him all other hotels in London would do the same. Then he remembered the shelter which he had himself established for the undeserving poor. The humiliation of that moment was terrible. But no matter! He would drink the cup of God's anger to the dregs. Tho lamp was burning in the clock tower of the Houses of Parliament, and as John passed by tho corner of Palace- yard two bishops came out in earnest conversation, and walked on in front of him. "The State and the Church are as the body and soul," said one, "and to separate them would he death to both." "Just that," said the other, "and there fore we must light for the church's temporal possessions as we should contend for her spiritual rights, and so these Benefice Bills " The Shelter was at the point of closing, and Jupe was putting out' the lamp over the door as John stepped up to him. "Who is it?" said Jupe in the dark. "Don't you know me, Jupe?" said John. "Father Jawn Storm!" cried the man in a whisper of fear. . "I want shelter for the night, Jupe. Can 'you put me up anywhere?" "You, sir?" The man was staggered, and the long rod in his hand shook like a reed. Then he be gan to stammer something - about the Bis hop and the archdeacon, and his new orders and instructions — how the shelter had been taken over by other authorities and he was now "But d it all," he said, stopping sud denly, putting his foot down firmly, and wagging his head to right and left like a man making a brave resolution, "I'll tyke ye in, sir, and heng it!" It was the bitterest pill of all, but John swallowed it. and stepped into the house. As he did so he was partly 'aware of some tumult in a neighboring street, with the screaming of men and women and the hark ing of docs. The blankets had been served out for the night, and tho men in the shelter were clambering up to their bunks. In addition to the main aDartment. there was a little room with a glass front, which hung like a cage near to the ceiling at one end, and was entered by a circular iron stair. This was the keeper's own sleeping place, and June was making it ready for John, whilst John himself sat waiting, with the look of a crushed and humiliated man, when the tumult in the street came nearer, and at last drew up in front of the house. "Wot's thet?" the men asked each other, lifting their heads, and Jupe came down and went to the door. When he returned " his face was white, the sweat hung on his fore head and a trembling shook his whole -uuy. " "For Gawd's sake, Father, leave the house at onct," he whispered in great agitation. "There's a gang outside as'U pull the place dahn if I keep you." There was silence for a moment, save for the shouting outside, and then John said with a sigh and a look of resignation, "Very well, let me out then," and he turned to the door. "Not that wy; this wy, sir," said Jupe, and at the next moment they were stepping into a dark and narrow lane at the back. "Turn; to the left when ye get ter the bot tom, Father— mind ye turn ter the left." But John Storm had scarcely heard liim. His heart, had failed liim at last. He saw the baseness and ingratitude of the people whom he had spent himself to relieve and uplift and succor and comfort, and he re pented himself of the hopes and aims and efforts which had come to this bankruptcy in the end. "My God, my God, why hast Thou for saken me? Yes, yes, that was it, that was it! It was not this poor vile rare merely, this stupid and ungrateful humanity — it was God! God used one man's ignorance, and another man's anger, and another man's hatred, and another man's spite, and worked out His own ends through it all. And God had re jected him, refused him, turned a deaf ear to liis prayer and his repentance, robbed him of friends, of affection, of love, and cast him out of the family of man! very weii: oo ue in vvnai. suouiu ne do? He would go back to prison and say, "Take me in aguin — there is no room left for me in the world. I am alone, and my heart is dead within me!" He was at the end of the dark lane by this time, and forgetting Jupe's warning, and seeing a brightly-lighted street running off to his right, he swung round to it and walked boldly along. This was Old Pye- strect, and he had come to the corner at which it opens into Brown's-square, when his absent mind became conscious of the loud baying of a dog. At the next moment the dog was at his feet, bounding about him with frantic delight, leaping up to liiin as if trying to kiss him, and uttering mean while the most tender, the most true, the most pitiful cries of love. It was his own dog, the bloodhound Don! His unworthy thoughts were chased away at the sight of this one faithful friend re maining, and he was stooping to fondle the great creature, to pull at the long drapery of its ears and the pendulous folds of its glorious forehead, when a short, sharp cry caused him to lift his head. "That's 'im!" said somebody, and then he was aware that a group of men with evil faces had gathered round. He knew tliem in a moment. The publican, with his ban daged head; Sharkey, who had served his time and hud been released from prison; and Pincher and Hawkins, who were out. on bail. They had all been drinking. The pub lican. who carried a stick, was drunk, and the "knocker up" was staggering on a crutch. Then came a hideous scene. The four men began to taunt John Storm, to take off their hats and bow to him in mock honor. "His Lordship, I believe!" said one. "His Reverend Lordship, if you please!" said an other. ' ,, "Leave me, for God's sake leave me, said John. But their taunts became more and more menacing. "Wot abart. the end uv the world, bather?" "Didn't ye tell me to sell my hit uv biziness?" "And didn't ye say you'd cured me — and look at me now ! "Don't, I tell you, don't!" cried John, and he moved away. ... They followed and began to push him. Then he stopped and cried in a loud voice of struggle and agony, "Do you want to raise the devil in me? Go homo — go home!" But they only laughed and renewed their torment. His hat fell off and he snatched at it to recover it. In doing so liis hand struck somebody in tlie face. "Strike a cripple, will ye?" said the .publican, and lie raised his stick and struck a heavy blow on John's shoulder. At the next moment the dog had leapt upon the man and he was shrieking on the ground. The "knockcr-np" lifted his crutch, and with the upper end of it he battered at the dog's brains. "Stop, man; stop, man. Don! Don!" But the dog held on, and the man with the crutch continued to strike at it. until Pincher, who had run to the other side of the street, came back with a clasp knife and plunged it into the dog's neck. Then with a growl and a whine, and a pitiful cry, the creature let go its hold and rolled over, and the publican got on to his feet. It was the beginning of the end. John Storm looked down at the dog in its death throes, and all the devil in his heart came up and mastered him. There was a shou at the corner of the square, and some heavy chairs were standing on the pavement. He took up one of these and swung it round him like a toy, and the men fell on every side. By this time the street was in commotion, and people were coming from ever- court and yard and alley crying, "A madman!" "Police!" "Lay hold of him!" "He'll kill somebody!" "Down with him!" John Storm" was also shouting at the top of his voice, when suddenly lie felt a dull, stunning pain, without exactly knowing where. Then he felt himself moving up, up, up — he was in a train, the train was go ing through a tunnel and the guards were screaming. Then it was hot ana at the next moment it was cold, and still he was float ing, floating; and then he saw Glory — he heard her say somc.—ng — and then he opened his eyes, and lo, the dark sky was above him, mid some women were speaking in agitated voices over his face. "Who is it?" "It's Father Storm. The brutes, the beasts! And the pore dog too!" "Oh dear! Where's the police? What are we goin' to do with 'im, Aggie?" "Tyke 'im to my room, thet's what." Then he heard Big Ben strike 12, and then ... it was a long, long journey, and the tunnel seemed to go on and on. XIV". Half an hour afterwards there came to the door of the orphanage the single loud thud that is the knock of the poor. An upper window was opened and a tremulous vofce from the street below cried, "Glory! Miss Gloria!" It was Agatha Jones. Glory hastened downstairs and found the girl in great agita tion. One glance at her face in the candle light seemed to tell all. "You've found him?" "Yes, he's hurt — he's . . ." "Be calm, child, tell me everything," said Glory, and Aggie delivered her message. Since leaving Holloway, Father Storm had been followed and found by means of the dog. The crowd had set on him and knocked him down and injured him. Ho was now lying in Aggie's room,. There had been no where else to take him, to, for the men had disappeared the moment he was down, and the women were, afraid to take him in. The police had come at last and they were now gone for the doctor. Mrs. Pinclier was with the Father, and the poor dog was dead. Glory held lier hand over her heart while Aggie told her story. "I follow you," she said. "Did you tell him I was here? Did ho send you to fetch me?" "He didn't speak," said Aggie. "Is he unconscious?" "Yes." "I'll go with you at once." _ Hurrying across the streets by Glory's side Aggie apologised for lier room again. "I down't live thet wy now, you know," she said. "It may seem, strange -to you, but while my little hoy was alive I couldn't go into tho streets to save my life — I couldn't do it. And when 'is pore father died lahst week . . ." The stone stairs to the tenement house were thronged with women. They stood huddled together in groups like sheep in a storm. There was not a man anywhere vis ible, except a drunken sailor who was com ing down from an upper story whistling and singing. The women silenced him. Had he no feelings? "The doctor's came, sister," said a woman standing by Aggie's door. Then Glory en tered the room. The poor disordered place was lit by a cheap lamp, which threw splashes of light and left tracks of shadow. John lay on the bed, muttering words that were inaudible. His coat and waistcoat had been removed, and his shirt was open at the neck. The high wall of his forehead was marble white, but liis cheeks were red and feverish. One of his arms lay over the side of the bed, and Glory took it up and held it. Her great eves were moist, hot she did not cry, nei ther did she speak nor move. The doctor was bathing a wound at the hack of the head, and he looked up and nodded as Glory entered. At the other side of the bed an elderly woman in a widow's cap was wiping her eyes with her apron. When the doctor was going away Glory followed him to the door. "Is he seriously injured, doctor?" "Very." The doctor was a young man- quick, brusque and emphatic. "Not dange .... "Yes. The brute3 have done for him, nurse, though you needn't tell his friends so." "Then — there is — no chance— whatever?" "Not a ghost of a chance. By the way, you might try to find out where his friends are, and send a line to them. I'll be here in the morning. Good-night!" Glory staggered back to the room, with her hand pressed hard over her heart, and the young doctor, going downstairs two steps at a stride, met a police sergeant and a reporter comiDg up. "Cruel business, Sir! "Yes, but just one of those things that can't easily be brought home to any body." "Sad, though!" "Very sad!" The short night seemed as if it would never end. When daylight came the cheer less place was cleared of its refuse— its withered roses, its cigarette ends, and its heaps of left off clothing. Towards 8 o'clock, Glory hurried back to the orphan age, leaving Aggie and Mrs. Pincher in charge. John had been muttering the whole night through, hut ho had never once moved, and He was still unconscious. "Good morning, Sister!'.' "Good morning, children!" The little faces, fresh and bright from sleep, were waiting for their breakfast. When the meal was over, Glory wrote by express to Mrs. Calletider and to the Father Superior of the brotherhood, then put on her bonnet and cloak and turned towards Downing- street. The Prime Minister had held an early Cabinet Council that morning. It was ob served by his colleagues that he looked de pressed and preoccupied. When the busi ness of the day was done lie rose to his feet rather feebly and said: — "My Lords and Gentlemen, — I have long had it in mind to say something — some thing of importance — and I feel the impulse to say it now. Wo have been doing our best with legislation, affecting the Church, to give due reality and»truo life to its relation with the State. But the longer I live the more I feel that that relation is in itself a false one, injurious and even dangerous to both alike. Never in history, so far as I know, and cer tainly never within my own experience, lias it been possible to maintain the union of Church and State without frequent adultery and corruption. The effort to do so has re sulted in manifest impostures in sacred things, in ceremonies without Spiritual sig nificance, and in gross travesties of the solemn worship of God. Speaking of our own Church, I will not disguise my belief that, but for the good and true men who arc al- wavs to be found within its pale, it could not survive the frequent disregard of prin ciples which lie deep in the theory of Christianity. Its epicureanism, its regard for the interests of the purse; its tendency to rank the administrator above the apostle, are weeds that spring up out of the soil of its marriage with the State. And when I think of the anomalies and inequalities of its internal government, of its countless poor clergy, and of its lords, and princes, above all when I remember its apostolic pretensions and the certainty that he who attempts to live within the Church the real life of the Apostles will incur the risk of that martyrdom which it has always E renounced against innovators. I cannot ut believe that the consciences of many churchmen would be glad to be relieved of a burden of State temptation which they feel to be hurtful and intolerable-- to ren der unto Caisar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the tilings that are God's. Be that as it may, I have now to tell you that feeling this question to be paramount, yet despairing of dealing with it in the few years that old age lias left to me, I have concluded to resign my office. It is for some younger statesman to fight this battle of the separation between the .spiri tual and the temporal in the interests of true religion and true civilisation. God grant he may he a Christian man, and God speed and God bless him." The Cabinet broke up with many un wonted expressions of affection for the 61d leader, ana many requests that he should "think again" over the step he contem plated. But everyone knew that he had set his heart on an impossible enterprise, and everyone felt that behind it lay the Jiainful impulse of an incident reported at ength in tlie newspapers that morning. Left alone in the Cabinet room, the l'rimc Minister drew up his chair before the empty grate and gave way to tender memories. He thought of John Storm and the wreck his life had fallen to, of John's mother and her brave renunciation of love, and finally of himself and liis near retire ment. A spasm of the old lust of power came over him, and he saw himself — to morrow, next day, next week— delivering up his seals of office to the Queen, and then — the next day after that — getting up from this chair for the last time, and going out of this room to return to it no more — his work done, his life ended. It was at that moment tho footman came to say that a young lady in tho dress of a nurse was waiting in the hall. "A messen ger from John," he thought. And as he rose to receive her, heavily, wearily, and with the burden of his years upon him, Glory came into the room with her quiver ing face and two great tenr-drops standing in her eyes, but glowing with youth ana health and courage. Sit down, sit down. But . . . ," look- at her again, "have you been here before?" "Never, iny lord. "I have seen you somewhere." "I was an actress once. And I am a friend of John's." "Of John's? Then you are . . "1 am Glory." "Glory! And so we meet at last, dear lady! But I have seen you before. When lie spoke of you, but did not bring you to see me, I took a stolen glance at the theatre myself. . ." "I have left it, my lord." Left it?" And then she told him what she had done. His old eyes glistened and his head sank into his breast. "It wasn't that I came to talk about, my lord, but another and more painful mat ter." "Can I relieve you of the burden of your message, my child? It has reached me already. It is in all the morning news papers. I didn't think of that. Still the doctor told me to . . ." "What does the doctor say about him?" He says " "Yes?" "He says we are going to lose him." I have sent for a great surgeon. . . But no doubt it is past help. Poor boy! It seems only yesterday that he came up to London so full of hope and expectation. I can see liim now with bis great eyes, sit ting ill that chair you occupy, talking of his plans and purposes. Poor John! To think he should come to this! But these tumultu ous souls, whoso hearts are battle fields, when the battle is over what can be left but a waste? Glory's eves had dried of themselves, and she was looking at the old man with an ex pression of pain, but he went on without observing lier. "It is one of the dark riddles of the in scrutable power which rules over life that the good man can go under like that while the evil one lives and prospers " He rose and walked to and fro before the fireplace. Ah well! Tlie years bring iqe an over deepening sadness, an ever increasing sense of our impotence to diminish the infinite sorrow of tlie world. Then lie looked down at Glory and said "But I can hardly forgive liim that he has thrown away so much for so little And when I think of you, my child, and of all that might have been, and then of the bad end be has come to ..." . "But I don't call it coming to a bad end sir," said Glory, in a quivering voice. ' "No? To be torn and Buffeted and tramn- led down in the streets?" "What of it? He might have died of old age in his' bed, and yet come to a worse end than that." "True, hut still .. ." "If that is coming to a bad .end I shall have to believe that my father, who was a missionary, came to a bad end too, when he was killed by the fevers of Africa. livery martyr comes to a bad end if that is a bad i ending. And so does everybody who is brave and true and does good to humanity and is willing to die for it. But it isn't bad It's glorious! I would rather be the daughter of a man who died like that than be the daughter of on carl, and if I could hare been the wile of one who was torn and trampled down in the streets by the very people . " Out her face, which had been afla'nie broke into tears again, and her voice failed her. The old man could not speak, and there was silence for a moment. Then she recov ered herself, and said quietly __ "I came to ask you if you could do some thing for me." "What is it?" "You may have heard that John wished me to marry him?" . "Would to God you had done so!" "That was when everybody was praising him." "Well?" "Everybody is abusing him now, and rail ing at linn and insulting him." "Well?" "I want to many him at last if thcro is a way— if you think it is possible and can be managed." "But you say he is a dying man!" "That's why! When he comes to himself he will be thinking as you think — that his life has been a failure; and I want some body to be there and say, 'It isn't; it is only beginning. It is tho grain" of mustard seed that must die; hut it will live in the heart of humanity for ages and ages to come, and I would rather take - up your name, injured and- insulted as it is, than win all the glory the world has in it.' " The tears were coursing down the old man's face, and for some minutes he did not attempt to speak. Then he said: "What you propose is quite possible. It will be a canonical marriage, but it will take some little tiirio to arrauge. I must send across to Lambeth Palace. Towards evening I can go down to where he lies and take the licence with me. Meantime, speak to a clergyman and have everything in readiness." He walked with Glory down the long cor ridor to the door, and there he kissed her on tlie forehead and said: "I've long known that a woman can bo brave, but meeting you this morning has taught me something else, niy child. Time and again I thought John's love of you was near to madness. He was ready to give up everything lor it — everything. And he was right. Love like yours is the pearl of pearls, and he who wins it is a prince of princes!" Later the same day, when the Prime Minister was sitting alone in his room, a member of his Cabinet brought him an even ing paper containing an article which was making a deep impression in London. It was understood to be written by a journa list of Jewish extraction: — ' " « HIS BLOOD BE ON US AND ON OUR CHILDREN.' "This prediction has been for 1800 years tho expression of an historical truth. That the whole Jewish nation, and not Pilate or the rabble of Jerusalem, killed Jesus is a fact which every Jew has been made to feel down to the present day. But let the Christian nation that is without sin towards the founder of Christianity first cast a stone at the Jews. If it is true, as Jesus Himself said, that he who offers a cup of cold water to the least of His little ones offers it to liim, then it is also true that he who in flicts torture and death on His followers crucifies Him afresh. The unhappy man who has been miserably murdered in the slums of Westminster was a follower of Jesus if ever there lived on'e, and whosever the actual persons may be who are guilty of his death, the true culprit is the Christian nation which has inflicted mockeries and insults on everybody who has dared to stand alone un der the ensign of Christ. "Let us uot be led away by sneers. This man, whatever his errors, his weaknesses, his self delusions and his many human fail ings, was a Christian. He was the prophet of woman in relation to humanity as hardly . , anyone since Jesus has ever been. And lie is hounded out of life. Thus, after nineteen centuries, Christianity presents the same characteristics of frightful tyranny which disfigured the old Jewish law. 'We have a law, aud;by our law he ought to die.' Such is the sentence still pronounced on reform ers in a country where civil and religious laws are confounded. God grant the other half of that doom may not also come tine — 'His blood be on us and on our children.' " (To he continued.) The sole right of publication In Victoria has been purchased by The Leader. 