BOWING. (Bt ' Eex.') Mr: F. W. Coombes, jnst homo from a holiday trip to Auckland (N.Z.), informs mo that when over there he bad a long ohat with Mr. Daore, lion, secretary of the Auokland Bogatta, re tho contemplated visit of Jim Stanbury. It appears that the suggestion of auoh a viBit emanated from this Bide, and the idon of having the ox-champion as an attrac tion at onoo commended itaolf to tho Auok landers. Mr. J. Marshall, president of tho A. A A.C., at onco camo forward with an offer of £50 for a prizo for a handicap skiff race, whilo the clubs woro ready witb a similar amount. It was also snggostod tbatStaubury, if he went, might take with him a crow for the Whale-boat Baoe, and this raco was at onoo revived aftor a lapse of somo years, a firat prize of .£100 atanding opposito it on tho programme. The disappointment of tho re gatta committee aud rowing mou generally wbon a oablo was received, Btating that tho ox-world'a ohampion aoutloi* was unable to make the trip, can easily bo imagined. It transpired (as already notified in this column on January G) that Stanbury found that ho was unablo to get a crow together for the Whale boat Raco, those who promised to go being unable to obtain snfliciont leave. Being a good deal out of condition, ho thought that tho handicap race wonld be too severo for him, but this would acarcoly bave proved the case. As a matter of fact, Mr. Coombes soya, tho race should virtually bavo boon a gift to him, while tho proverbial hospitality of the Auck land sportsmen would have ensured him an exceedingly cnjoyablo trip. It is uufortunato for both parties that all this was not made clear earlier. From Mr. W. Fletcher, socretarr, I am in receipt of the programme for the Tatnar regatta to be held on February 23. Thoro is an open to all handicap sculling raoe for .£10 and £i, three miles, aud open to all fours -£20 and £5, aud amatour eveute. Tho following definitions are appended: — 'An amateur shall. be any person who does not gain his Hying on tho wator, and has never done so, and who has not rowed for money since Jannary 13, 1889. A mercantile amateur ia liny person who trains hia living by moroantilo puranita, and the following aro employments which will qualify for mercantile amateurs :— artists, barmen, clerks, compositors, drapers, professional mon, publicans, shopmen, students otlipr similar employments. That any person who has within two years from the entry of any regatta raco engaged in any manual labor employment requiring physical strength, ..will b« considered as ordinarily bo employed.' Tho Viotorian rowers havo evidently not had enough of tho amateur definition difiicnlty, for tho Association has informed the West Aus tralian and Tasmania!! Associations that they are prepared to meet iu .Intercolonial contests, any; crows who conform' to ' tho amateur definition' oxisteut iu' tho colonies mentioned* This is raising the old ghost which had to be laid before the lost Intercolonial rada could take place. In reply the. New Sonth: Wales Association, sticking to their guns, havointi mated that they will meet any conforming to the definition agreed upon at the Intercolonial conference. The Victorian Association had practically adopted that scheme loo, except that they want to whitewash any who havo coinpotcd for cash up to the end of last year, so their latest move ia inoomprehousiblo. .At the last meeting of the Rowing Associa tion it was decided to grant patronage to the athletio night in honor of tho wonderful athlete, Lucifer At Her Majesty's Theatre on Friday. . ... ?During the last conplo of yoars the trio who kept tho Kowine Association going were undoubtedly Messrs. E. M. Dietrioli tuite chairman). David Fell (treasurer) and C. H. Holshom (hon. sec.) With Mr. Diotrich'a death a great loss was sustained, and now, Mr. Fell has decided to retire from tho treasuror ahip. Dnringhia torin the Association's debit has been reduced aomo £200. ?.'.'?/??' The Sydney Club scored an easy win in thoir now Fuller boat at xthe first time of asking last Saturday^ The winners of the Maiden Fours at Drnmmdyne, Messrs. Brown-; bill (bow), Baass, C. A. Smith, and Triggs (stroke), will, I lonriij now be sant. 'for the Junior and Senior 1'onrs at the Anniversary Eogatta. They are now up at the club's brauoh house at Abbotsford.. ' ;, : ; ; Iii the Anniversary Eegatta, Globe, Bal main,* University, and Mercantile bavo entered for the Maideu.Fonrs ; University, Glehe.and Sydnoy for tho Senior Fours j only University for Junior Fours; and'for tha Maiden Double Sculls Bast Sydney, Mercantile, and Sydney. ,: For the All-comers' Sculls next Tuesday1 the1 entrants nro :— Jamoa Ford, Georga Towns, J. Bishop, W. Strainoy, T. Carter; C.Noilaon, H. Pearce, A. Cormack, H. Messenger. ' Members of tho Glebe crew who competed at the Drnmmoyne Eegatta wore black bands out of respect to tho memory of Mr. J. Leeds, a member and late captain- of the club. Members not otherwise engaged attouded the funeral on Saturday. . . ',??? : . ? The Globe maiden four for the Anniversary Eoputtais the same as that whioh competed on Saturday. Tbo senior fonr comprises L. 3. Eiohardson (bow). H. B. Podmoro (2), G. J. O'Connor(3), and J. M'Gregor falroko). There was more merit in ''Glebe's wiu last Saturday than appeared on the surface. Th« crew trained iu tho racing skiff (weighted up, as tho worki'ug oues went 2201bs) until Thurs day, but bearing that disqualification would follow the uso of it in the nice, a boat was borrowed from Loichhardt (180lbs), and; the orew had their first race in her on Saturday only: The other crews, expeoting Globo to appear in the racing skiff, protested when they turned up, but as it happened the orew in the Leichhardt boat had all the laugh on their .side;; . ? . : .??.??.?? ?-??? .' ?;. , '?-, ? H. Janncey, VV. M 'Master, Jas.Fitzsimons and G. O'Connor will represent Balmain Club in tho Maiden Fours at the Anniversary Begatta. Thoy rownd second to tho Sydnoy EowingClub crewatDrummoyno on Saturday last, and as they aro showing further improved form, should givo a good account of them solvoa. According to our Newcastle correspondent Towns, Tressidor, Hiokey (2). and., several others havo entered far Bcnlling evonts at Maitland on Anniversary Day, 