NOVEL. A Judicial Error. By Marian Manville Pope. CHAPTER£XVI. — (Conthtcted.) 'By the way,' said Absolute Johnson carelessly, 4 there are two or three questions I neglected to ask Mr. Sawyer this morning. If he is 6till present I should like to have him recalled for a moment.' iseing present, ana r ecu nee, greatly wins own consternation and that of Mr. Baxter and of the man from New York, Mr. Saw yer again took the stand. 4 1 neglected to ask you this morning-,' said the prosecuting attorney, 4 if you were in town at the time of the murder of Mr. Atterly.' The old man was a little relieved, but his agitation showed - through in the hesitating way in which ho replied,' I — I — believe I was absent.' 4 "Where were you ?' ' I — I — believe I was in Pennsylvania — on business.' 4 Can you recall the dates of your depar ture from home and your return r ' I have a— a — memorandum— whioh will show. ' Have you it here ?' The old man fumbled in his pooket and drew forth a small red leather pocket diary. 1 Mr. Sawyer will examine this memoran dum and tell us just the dates, whioh will enable us to determine an important point,' said Mr. Johnson ; and the old trustee, in compliance with this remark, which was more in the nature of - a mandate than of a question, presently read from the little book in his hands, — ' Left home on the 29th of April. Spent several days in Wasbirgton and Philadelphia and returned on the 10th of May. ' Mr. Sawyer, you must have failed to look at the date of that last voucher I handed you to-day. It was drawn on the Atterly estate on the 7th of May, and the draft was cashed in New York on the 9th. Now, there is a mystery about that signature of yours, for it was plainly impossible that you could have signed it. Yet you acknowledged it as yours tfiis morning.' There was a breathless stillness in the court-room. Every one had begun to see the lawyer's drift, and the old trustee's agitation and embarrassment were enough to prove that, whatever the mystery was, he was try ing to conceal it but did not know how. He's going under ! he's going under !' thought Mr. Bowman ; ' but he might as well make a clean breast of it now. They've got him.' The minister's face grew ghastly as the old man finally pulled himselt together and answered, — 4 I — I — made a mistake. It was not my signature.' ' Had you given any one else authority to use your name ?' ' No.' ' Then your name was signed by Mr. Bax ter, the other trustee, without your know ledge or consent ?' Yes.' It was a faint word, hut it penetrated to the farthest corner of the packed but absol utely silent room. 4 That is all I wanted to know,' said Ab solute Johnson, quietly. He felt that his advantage was too great to require any further elucidation on his part. Again the court ad journed, in the midst of a sensation as paralyzing to the defence as it was to the friends of the accused, and people went home, with the conviction that the folds were tightening ronnd him. CHAPTER XVII. t . . I | By noon on the third day the tide of public ' opinion had turned. The forenoon had been spent in taking the testimony of the wit nesses who had been the doctor's guests upon that memorable evening in the laboratory. Each had taken oath to his conviction that the minister had sprung upon the dootor with the intention of destrying the proofs, whioh could he and was easily done. Eaoh had testified to his abjeotness and evident guilt up to the moment when Mr. Green had given him a hope by saying he (would want to plead ' not guilty.' Conviotion spread in the court -room, where the first judgment of the people was being formed, as it always is in advance of the legal judgment. Those of the com munity who had been zealous in his support, and who bad lamented because they had not words wherewith to tell his virtues fittingly, now denounced him as a 4 wolf in sheep's clothing,' a 4 traitor to the Lord and to his vows of ordination,' and lamented again because they had not words with which to paint the horror of his crime and its sin against the Churoh and the cauee of Christi anity. Caleb Newal became suddenly vested with the halo of a martyr. People who had re joiced at his exeontion and been loudest in declaring that simple, plain banging was far too good for a brute who would deliberately eat down a man old enough to be his grand father and who had been so good a friend to him. The homeliest traits of that ordinary hut serious and studious young man became suddenly transformed into the most luminous and transcendant virtues. Faults he had none. "Wonderful qualities of mind and heart and morals it was now discovered that he had possessed, and the plain, unemotional, prosaic people in that dull town in whioh he had been born jumped out of their jog-trot and galloped breathlessly along that well- travelled road where men and women before them have kissed the feet of royalty one day, ohopped off the king's head the next, and afterwards comented the stones of his tomb with their tears, all with equal zeal and en thusiasm. If Caleb Newal, lying under the magnolia-tree where the grnsB had seared upon his grave for the first time, could have been cognizant of these changes, he would have thought that after all there were ad vantages in being out of a place where people for the moBt part yield to their sensa tions first, act next, and do their thinking afterwards. There is small doubt but that a great many ghosts, kings and commoners, have indulged in these post- mortem reflec tions, providing they indulge in auy. 'Wo have one more piece of eci- dence,' said Absolute Johnson, ' with whioh and with the testimony of two or three more witnesses the prosecution will rest. This,' pointing to a lqpg, light-colored coat that had just been unwrapped and laid upon the table, ' is familiar evidence in thiB court-room. But this,' and be took up a long blaok garment, much worn and shiny, 4 is nob familiar to more than three people in the room. Wo will first ask Bridget O'Ronrke what she knows about it.' Called and sworn, Bridget O'Rourhe testi fied tearfully that it had belonged to 4 his riverince' and had been taken by her to Amly at Mr. Baxter's request. Ann and Andy corroborated this statement, and eaoh identi fied the coat. Thereupon Dr. Matheson related in detail the circumstances of his finding the garment in Ann's kitchen. The excitement grew intense in the court -room, and when the inner coat belonging to Mr. Baxter had been slipped inside the outer ooat that had been worn by Caleb Newal upon the night of the murder, aud the joining stain exhibited to the jury, the sheriff and his aids had difficulty in keeping back the eager crowd that pressed forward to see this confirmed by their own eyes. Dr. Matheson testified that the stains upon both coats were human blood, as shown by his analysis. This was corroborated by the looal ohemist. But now arose the question which the prose- fuitinn txtar nimbla f.n itatariYiinA a.hRn1n+alv. — 4""— — , or the defence in any way to refute with certainty : who wore the two coats upon that night ? Which of the two men, the executed or the accused now present, had borrowed the garment belonging to the other, and under what circumstances was the exchange made? Here a link was lost. "Was the minister the accomplice unsuspected at the time, or had Caleb Newal committed the orime under his direction while in an hypnotic state? This seemed difficult to determine, hut the majority were pretty .well satisfied i that in whichever capacity the minister had acted he had been the guiding spirit and Caleb Newal the unwitting tool. The more people thought about the boy who had growu up in their midst, the more convinced they became that he would never have sanctioned this orime if he had been in possession of his faculties. But who knew anything about this silver- tongued stranger whom all had accepted as sterling because of his position? Two or three of the ohnrch members suddenly re membered that they had sometimes seen evidences of a violent temper, speedily con trolled on his part, to he sure, but they had Been enough to set them wondering now , in the light of other evidence, if that temper was not of the sort whioh leads to the frenzy in whioh snoh crimes are sometimes com mitted. The acoused man's most zealouB defenders olung now to their all hut hopeless hope, rather than to their faith in him, as they had before. When others discussed the likelihood of a verdict against him, they were silent where they had previously been indignantly eloquent. Mr. Baxter himself, with a nature essentially sensitive to atmospheres ahont him, f«lt this keenly. He felt it before he summoned courage to look around upon the rows :..qf., faces rising; one above;.: another., These faces had been compassionate and full of sympathy and pity. They were stern now, and acousing. The evidence was going against him. His knowledge of this helped him to the end whioh presently shaped itself in his mind. -He could move and sway that orowd as he moved and swayed other crowds. He could melt those set faces to tears. He oonld compel their pity again, and preaoh to them as never man had preached before. He would do it when the time was ripe. But let everything go on to the end. Then the master would rise aud direct. On the way to the court-room that morn ing Mr. Bowman had joined the doctor, who was hurrying along on foot with his head down, in an attitude of deep reflection. 4 Things look pretty scaly for the parson,' said he. 4 Yes,' said tho dootor, coldly, 4 the evidence is against him ; but there is a link lost.' Ho did not speak cordially, for he felt a mixture of amusement aud contempt for what he called the broker's stomachic sympathy. 4 The way to get at his symp athy,' the dootor had thought months before, 4 is to follow the road through the stomaoh, whioh used to be pointed out to young damsels as leading invariably to a man's heart.' 4 You oan get it out of him,' said the New York man. 4 He'll give it to you. The doctor smiled derisively. 4 Oh, yes. We'll get it out of him in the millennium, but not now.' 4 Well,' said the broker, reflectively, 4 you mark my words. There's an old saying that a man who'll lie will steal ; but I don't believe that. 1 have had to lie a little in mv fine of business, and when I have felt obliged to I've taken pains to do it just as well as I knew bow. I've turned off good, high- class, artistic lies that were a credit to the liar. It had to be done, so I did it well. It was a matter of principle to make a good job of it. Now you needn't look saiutly and disapproving. You're a liar, too. Every man is. Why, look here ; do you go into a siok -room and tell a woman who is pretty low that you can do nothing for her ? Not muoh you don't. If you do, you're a brute, and about one degee better than a common mur derer, for you kill her. There's more than one way of eooiring a goose, as you know ; so you just whirl in and give her some bread pills probably, and some magnesia powders, and tell her she's a little run down and all she needs is a tonic, and very likely you pull her through. I've known it done ; I've seen it done. Oh, yes, you may tell a good many lies in the coarse of a day to mothers with sick babies, and husbands with sick wives, and vice versa. But you don't call 'em lies, and I don't ; they're prudent prevarications. They're legitimate. They're in the line of business, and everybody does it, no matter how loud they shout that they don't. I acknowledge that I lie ; but I don't steal. I never in my life have stolen one penny, or one penny's worth of property, from any living or dead individual, that I know of. Now you've jumped at the conclusion, in line with everybody else, that because the minister has denied hiB guilt, and-has been proved guilty of perjury and forgery, he's the murderer you're after. Now, I don't believe it. Bat I'll tell you what I do be lieve, and you just jot it down for future reference. If he is, he'll tell you so before he's done. Mind, I don't believe, because he has lied and forged, that he has killed too. Stiii, maybe he has. Now, now, I don't care how bad he's been in spots : he's got the genuine metal in him most of the way through, and you'll all find that out before -you've done. He's been lying in the line of business, — any man would in his place. - He isn't an artist at it, so he's got caught. Why, in his place I would have just plas tered that oourt-room with lies. I'd have regularly trowelled 'em ou : I'd have lied the hair off the fop of my head,— if I'd had any, — and I'd have made a good job of it, too. The top of my head would have bsen as bald as the palm of your hand by the time I trot throuorh. if liee would ..lfilrn it an. And I would have stuck to 'em. But he won't. He's like the old trustee : he's mighty Boft in his oonsoieuce.' Yes,' said the dootor, ironically, 4 he must be,— very.' 4 Well, now, I tell you he just is. I'll bet I know him better than you do. His conscience is like a million_pins and needles, every one of 'em aotive. They've been jab bing and stioking and pricking like sixty for the last eighteen months Why, the man's raw; he's skinned; he's like what's-his- name, —that Roman fellow, wasn't he? — ohap they made a statue of holding hiB skin peeled off. But the minister's game. He's held out because the folks believed, in him and he had the ohuroh to think of first. But wait till he feels pretty sure - the- game is up. Then you Bee ! Aud you'll see that, like the devil, he isn't near as black as he's painted. Why, haven't you found out yet that the human is only a combination of man aud brute, and sometimes a little more brute than man , or considerable more, as the case may be ? Some folks call the combination half angel and half devil, — sounds a little better. Now, .. I've noticed that most folks have a tame sort of augel and a tame sort of devil hitched up together, and they jog right along without any Bhying or kioking over the traces. But here comes another fellow with a high- strung, hysterical sort of angel that's down on the devil from the word go. There's a team for you ; and that's the sort of team the minister's been driving, and a lively kind of a race he'b had of it, too. His angel's been too big for him, and his devil's been too big for him. When the angel's been on the top, people bave flocked to the ohurch to see his wings. ; when the devil got the bit be- tween ; his teeth and whirled in and took a hand,' you may depend upon it the air was full of fur andr feathers. There were too; kinds of hair on the floor those days. And now, after some of his innings, people oram the court-house to look at the ministes's horns. It was wings he had before. Now, you mark what I tell you : the minister's devil has had a good long inning ; its his angel's turn next. He's a big angel, and he's had a rest ; he's wider from tip to tip than he was before, and you want to listen when you hear those wings rustle nnyt time.' Amused by the broker's quaint logic, and yet impressed by it too, the dootor fell to watohing the prisoner narrowly during the remainder of the trial. There was but little more to do. The witnesses for the defehoe were weak upon the vital points. They could only testify to his popularity as a preaoher, to his hard work, and to his rigor ous self, denial as a man. Bridget had. given an aeoount of the economies practised in the parsonage that hu< drawn tears from eyes less ready to weep than her own. She pictured the broker's liberality, greatly to his dis comfiture, and Ann had matched it by a recitol of the doctor's goodness to the acoused. Indeed, the witnesses for the prosecution had done much to strengthen the defence upon unimportant points. The old trustee had testified to the minister's sorupulqus payment of the debt, and the broker had described how he had reoeived a oheok after the dedicatory services in the new ohuroh, at whioh time a collection of two hundred and fifty-three dollars had been taken uo for Mr. Baxter. This sum had been the whole sum of tho collection, lacking the odd three dol lars. But non« of this helped to clear the mist which still hung thiok about that niorbt of the 3d of May. In summing up the oase Absolute Johnson laid great stress upon the minister's previous good conduct. He took the strength out of the defence by using the weapons he shrewdly Burniisud t.hoy were to use. 4 Admit,' he said, 4 that the prisoner at the bar is possessed of every virtue known to man. vVe know that he has been self-deny ing, frugal, earnest, hard- working, giving his life to the poor, and that in the pulpit he has been a man of rare powers and eloquence. We know all this. It. would be useless to deny these faots, whioh are familiar to all. But in his own words, in words I myself heard him use in the pulpit when his new church was dedicated, not many months asro, 4 a good man may do bad things, and a bad man may do good things.' Give him credit for the good, but do not make the mistake of supposing that it is impossible for a man who can do and has done so muoh good to do bo much bad. It is not only possible, as shown by our evidence, but probable. That unaccounted for fifteen minuteB during whioh he was presumably in the vicinity of the Atterly plaoe now becomes the most impor tant period of this man's life. His years of known service in the cause of Christ are swept down before the doubt of that fifteen minutes. But, heinous and unnatural as would have been that crime, it is iu turn swept aside by the heinousness and baseness of that greater crime whioh makes him re sponsible fl>r another man's life who suffered for the orime . This becomes greater than the first murder, as that little fifteen minutes of his life beoomes suddenly greater than all the rest of his years put together. The very fact that we oannot aocount for that fifteen minutes is damning. If he had been any where save at the Atterly house, engaged in that hellish butohery, he might have been met by someone passing on the road. But he was not seen. He was not met. And we know that during that time and for a con siderable time preoeding and following it no one but himself and Caleb Newal was known to have been at or near the scene of the murder, as the servants at the Atterly place testified.' Mr. Johnson referred here to the weakness of the evidence given by witnesses for the defence, and contrasted it with the evidence produced by the prosecution. ' Wfl 4-i-fc W/111 ..nt t — ,v f4V» "w jwu uui vuijr ojr credible and intelligent witnesses, but by the evidence of your own eyes in that extra ordinary scene here in the court- room, that a mesmeric or hypnotio influence was exercised over Caleb Newal the night of the murder, and exercised by the accused, as it was upon Dorothy Newal. We have shown you that there was a motive for the crime, existing in the debts of the acoused, his notes about to fall due, and his knowledge that he was a trustee of Mr. Atterly's will, and as Buoh could, in the event of the old man's death, avail himself by forgery of money enough to satisfy his debtors for the time. We have shown you his blood-stained coat, over which Caleb Newal's coat was worn, and it is_ incredible that in a oonsoious state Caleb Newal wonld either have loaned his coat to Mr. Baxter or worn it home after it had been returned to him in the condition in whioh you have seen it. Whose were the gripping fingers on that sleeve? Plainly not Caleb Newal's upon his own arm. They axe those either of the murdered man or of the murderer, and in either case not those of the man who owned that loug light-colored overcoat. Moreover, his hands were not blood-stained. This was accounted for' during the trial by the supposition that he had washed them in the canal. "Would a man who was not oonsoious of the stainB on his coat be conscious of those on his hands ? If he had tried- to oonoeal the one, would he not have tried to oonoeal the other P The lawyer referred here to the exceeding unlikelihood of the man who was in Buoh a state as Caleb Newal had been proved to be upon that mght making any effort to conceal the evidences of a orime of whioh he had no knowledge, and cited the fact that he had at once returned home and shown himself as -her was to his family, with uo effort at conceal ment. (To bb CoHTnruBD.) 