Invariable Venus. ' The significance of Mr. Percival Lowell's discovery (says tho Avxh'fllcisiaii) that ^ the planet Venus turns but once on her axis in tho course of her annual revolution about the sun is not unlikoly to bo misBed by readers who arc so careless in; their astronomy as to now and then mistake- that shining object /? i. . _i. - ? ? mm nYiofnnrl nf ^TViien siicj nays uvluiv urn? du«, — setting after liim), for the star of Bethlehom — a star which they are in hopes will .some day make a miraculous reappearance. The moon always turns tho same face towards the earth, and Venus, if Mr. Lowell's facts aro right, always has the same faco turned towards tho sun, so oven if Venus has a con siderable atmosphere, one side must bo over blazing hot and the other perpetually dark, cold, and drear. It is scarcely conceivable that there can bo life,, such as wo know of, under such conditions. Daylight that never ends, midday heat that knows no morning fresh ness nor evening cooling, would weary the patienco out of beings at all corresponding in their nature to tbo inhabitants of this earth. A race whoso intelligcnco is as highly de veloped as ours may, it is true, havo long since shifted to the boundary-line separating light from darkness, and have devised systems of railways . for convoying the population backwards and forwards at intervals of 12 hours from sunlight into gloom. But can the gloomy quarter bo habitable — must it not bo haunted by everything that is dark and noisome ? It gives ono the creeps to think what may l5e going on in tho hemisphere that has not Known daylight for millions of years. And yet, if there are living souls in the lit-up regions, it is just such perpetual darkness and intense cold that they must be longing for. People who havo lived long at Johan nesburg get so weary of tho never-changing blue sky that it is positive joy to them to go homo and revel in a London fog. Tho one fear we have respecting Mr. Lowell's discovery is the bad use which the bright and hot side of Vonus may be put to by persons who wish to revive belief in a material Slioel — the sunlit surface of Venus must be a great deal hotter than Nebuchadnezzar's burning fiery furnace — while tho dark side will be claimed by spiritists as the abiding place of the ghosts (communicated with through the medium of table-rapping, etc.), for whom hitherto they have been utterly at a loss to find a location. 