A HAUffiB CASKB. RAVELLING mem bers of the Psychi cal Society jf should visit the castle of Keijtenstein; in Tirol. It is easily reached from Sterzine on the Brenner, line, mid way between Inns bruck - and Botzen. Baedeker and Ball merely gives its name coupled witih that of the still more imposing mod ernised Sprechen etein on . the other side of the valley. Reifenstein is a grim feudal stronghold crowning an isolated ridge that rises sheer from the now reclaimed Sterzinger Marsh. We had chanced to hear that it was an interesting ruin with the usual mediaeval' appurtenances o£ torture chamber, dun geons, and oubliettes, bat knew nothing of its his tory, and were chiefly moved to scale Us rock for the sake of its outlook towards the peaks and gla ciers of Use Ridnaunthal. x A steep winding track brought us to the poTteul lised gate piercing the circuit- of bafctlemenited walls. The outer court Is heaped with bramble grown' masonry, and of the watch tower, once guarding the. precipice to the rear, only the foun dations remain. But we are not yet in the castle. Its inner court stands at a higher level, across a chasm now spanned by atout planks, m lieu of the vanished drawbridge. From this enclosure one enters the keep through a formidable door giving admittance to another court, with a masked wall in the centre beside the flight of steps leading to the guardroom. Higher still at right angles is the | state entrance, decorated with various blazons carv ed in stone.. Here we found the bailiff's wife, a sturdy, harsh- voiced person, who promptly led the way up more stairs to the famous torture cham ber. It was a lofty square room supported by a central beam studded with ominous iron hooks and rings. The pavement was broken at several points where search had been vainly made for a treasure supposed to be bidden somewhere in the tower. An iron door in a raised recess led into. a small, low-ceiled prison lighted by a deeply embrasured window opening on to a corridor. A still narrower aperture beside the door probably served as a spy hole for the guards. Returning to tihe torture chamber we climbed a long ladder stairway to the 'Baron's Hall' directly above. It accorded with the grimness of the cas tle to find a state room within earshot of victims' groans. Hence, more steps than we cared to mount led to the roof of the tower. So we turned back to the ladder- stairs. These, though steep, were broad, strong, and provided with a handrail. Nevertheless I, for one, felt an unaccountable dread of setting foot on them, and came down with clenched teeth and trembling knees. Even our dog funked the descent, shrank back crouching aud quivering, and had to be summoned very sharply before obeying his master's call. We were then led through a long passage to some wainscoted Tooms, ill-kept but comparatively cheerful, in habited by -our guide's family, and contain ing some ancient coffers and damaged wooden carvings. I jestingly inquired if the castle were haunted; it seemed so fitted for strange sights and sounds. She quietly replied that they never heard anything but saw a great deal. The wicked Ritter, he who tor tured ihis prisoners, often walked at night, clad in armor. Had she ever seen him with her own eyes? 'Certainly, I hare seen him five times' was. the amazing reply. 'And you are not scared?' we asked, struck by her matter-of-fact tone. 'Not at all; I am so used to It.' She add ed that the ghost never appeared in her rooms, and was most often seen on the stairs going up from the torture chamber. The stairs where I had experienced What sudden panic! Who knows! Per haps the spectre was there at the time, though in visible to our eyes? Why had our dog crouched in terror? It was difficult to attribute hysterical fears' to the robust, composed peasant woman. She seemed to think it quite natural for a desperate sinner to haunt the scene of We crimes, and was persuaded that he could do no harm to good Christians. But an older woman, who appeared for a moment at the door of another room, looked decidedly uncanny and as though dazed by too frequent intercouiree with spooks. After various turns and windings through the rambling pile, we reached a quaint and charming 'Countess's Bower.' It was a cor ner room with several windows, its painted walls were covered with intricate scrolls of leaves anS~ fruit, with tiny male figures peeping through the foliage here and there The rafters overhead were painted with a smaller design of vine-leaves and grapes, and we afterwards learnt that this green chamber is a cherished example of mediaeval decoration, and has been copied in the Castle of Wartburg. The room had a pretty carved recess at one end, and in another corner a dark winding stair in the wall led to a state chamber beneath, with finely carved cupboards and coffers. Beyond this were a kitchen, pantry, and a spacious armory. The latter was lined with huge presses and stands for weapons. Everything seemed planned for se crecy and defence; every room had ali iron door strong enough to defy attack. It was impossible to imagine any peaceful 'domestic life going on In this wen-delendea fortress.— Linda Villari, in the '^Leisure HourJ' 