Bowser's Troubles. How the Worm. Turned and Surprised Mr. Bowser. .1 Dinnor had boon disposed of and the Bow sers wero seated m . the book parlour. Mr. Bowsor hid come homo with a twitoli in-/ his byes and a hump to his hack, ivhioh meant inischiof. He had intended to find fault with tlio dinner, but it wae so good that ho couldn't suy a word. He was fishing for something, howevor, and by-and-by ho found it. He noticed a stain on tho . carpot, and "So'the whole house'' is going to ruin for tlio want of propor. attention! No matter how miioli I buy you manage to destroy it !" ""What's the matter now?" naked Mm, Bowser, as she turned on him. i "Tlio matter is that you hunted up tho ink bottle and poured tlio contents on this new carpet ! . Look at that spot ovor tlioro ! Nice sight to greet thooyos of a husband, isn'tit?" " This carpet is three years old, Mr. Bow ser, and that stain has been there for two years. You made it yourself by upsetting a -bottlo of hair dyo, and though I . liavo used everything I could think of I havo bcenunablo to take it nut.'.' " What ! what ! You talk that way.to m'o !" lio phoutcd as. ho sprung up. "Woman,. I permit-7 — '".'V1. ' 's' ". Sit down !" commanded Mrs. Bowser, as sliepointed at him. v "Now, tlion', I want to haven little talk with you. .You 'ure dis satisfied as to tho; way this liouso is run." " Yob, I urn dissatisfied, ' ' replied Mr. Bow ser, as ho sat down in surprise. : " Then why don't you leuvoit? Tlioro is no ropo around you— no reason.' ".why ro'u should stay hero and feel yonrself a- martyr.'.' " You — you are talking to nio ? " ' I'm talking straight nt yon, sir ! Every week or so you raise a row nbout your shirts, collars, nnd socks. I want you to stop suoh conduct. If you don't I'll gallior tliom all up nnd pitoli thorn out of tho window ! " "This — this is Mrs. Bowsor ! " ho 'gasped as ho rubbed his eyes and stared nt her. "This is Mrs. Bowser, sir— wife to Mr. Bowser, tho biggest orank in America ! Slio has put up with your nagging just as long as she can. If thcro is any moro of it you will hear somothing drop. Thoro nro n few little things I want to speak uhont. You always find fnnlt with tho gas bill, no matter whether it's moro or loss. You oitlier quit that or wo'll turn to tallow candles. I don't inhalo the gas or give it away to beggars !" " Say !" said Mr. Bowser, ns lib" looked around the room to see if ho was in his own house — " sny, I — I " ' " Aud tlio coal," slio continued, as sho waved him to siloncc, " Coal is so much per ton. Wo burn about so much per month., I don't oat it nor trado it off for caramels, and yet you raiso a row every two or three weeks about tho coal bill. If 1 hear another word from you this winter I'll put out every lira and turn this liouso into a cold storage cstah- lishineut." That was Mrs. Bowser sitting there heforo him— tho sumo Mrs. Bowser whom ho had bulldozed mid brq wbenteii for years and years, and she was now talking to him in that fashion. It was tho sumo woman, sure chough, hut lie looked lit lior as one in a dream, and her words scorned to como from far awny. "I buy tho moat and groceries,", she con- tinued, "ana I buy as economically ns I can. I sava at least 15 per . cent more than you could, and yot you aro ulways finding fault. I am tired of it. You either ocuso to talk or I ccaso to buy! You aro also constantly meddling with tho kitchen help, and thereby usurping my authority. If you think you can run tlio kitchen, then stay homo and do it. Tho host gill I've had tor a year loft mo yesterday bcoauso you wero always poking your noso in tho kitchen." "P — poke — poking my nose?" murmured Mr. Bowser as lie grew white around tho mouth. " That's wliat I said. You thought your self a philanthropist when you sueuked down and said it was too had sho had to work for u living, hut sho culled you a buld- liended old meddler." " Sho called — sho called mo that, did sho ? Why, tlio— tlio — — " "And here's another thing, Mr. Bowser ; you come homo nnd want to play cards to pass away tlio evening. Wo sit" down to play, and because I heat you three or four straight games you got mad and kick tilings about and wish you had spent the evening at the club. I don't know whero your dub is, or what it is like, hut any tiino you .prefer it to my society, donit hesitate oil rny account ! As a matter of fact, you hardly know one card from another, and should tako lessons from ine for'two or three mouths. However, us I shall never play with you again, it's a matter of indifference." Mr. Bowsor roso up und gasped. Then ho sot down and ohoked. Mrs. Bowser coukl see his lips moving, hut no sound camo from thorn. " And you talk about my oxtravagnnco in clothes," she said as she looked him up and down. " Yes, that's u pot hobby of- yours, nnd yet you know you spend moro for cock tails than I do for gloves — moro for cigars than I do for shoos— moro for worthless patent medicines than I do for drosses. Tlioro isn't a luisbuiid in tho State earning 30dullurs per week whoso wife does not dress like a quoon compared to mo. You have got to stop throwing away money and turn it over to mo to dress on." " Woman — w-o-m-n-n — !" Mr. Bowser manuged to gasp, hut sho pointed her linger and sitid ; — / " Once in a groat while you open your heart and give me a dollar for pin money, hut you expect it to Inst me for three- months. I want a chnngo right hero and now. I want a weekly- allowance, and a liberal ouo nt that. You 'simply drink fowor cocktails und smoko fewer cigars and I'll tako tho money. It's a favourito theory of yours thnt no woman can be trusted witli money, but if I can't make 75 oents go further than your dollar I'll bo willing to mend my own shoes!" Mr. Bowser was now ns pnlo ns a ghost, and his oliin was trembling us if ho had u chill, hut Mrs. Bowser calmly went on.: — "Thero's another thing — your patent medicines. Any humbug of a mini can make yon boliovo your liver ia ub big ns a halo -of cotton, your gull burstod, your lungs fnll of nails and splinters, and your kiduoya turned to ohalk. You buy whatever ho has to sell and como homo to doso and mope. To-day I fiuiig out about -a hundred bottles of your stuff, and I warn yon not to bring another into this liouso. You como homo occasionally to find mo down with a lietulaolio. At sueli times you fly mud und knock things about aud talk about dootor'B hills and all that. Now and then you como homo with a head- aohe and everybody must stop softly and wait upon you and givo you sympathy. If it oost 60 dollars you'd hnvo tbo. dootor. I don't want another word of fault finding about my headaches !". .Mr, Bowsor got up to wulk about, hut his kneeB wobbled so that lio hud to sit down again. "Thero's another thing, while .we are talk ing matters over. Whenever you got mad at mo -you talk about divorce, alimony and all that. If you want a diyoroo from mOi go and fllo.your applioution, and I won't contest it. I'm young onough and good, looking onough to find another husband in a year or two, and I'll take oura he isn't a orank. As. to alimony, I've helped you to make all you liavo, and I shall want half of it. . If litem's a separation one of us will liavo to leave tho house, aud it won't he me, Mr. Bowser! I think this is about all. I am now going . up. to ihy room, and Bhould anyoiio call yon will say I am not at home. Should you wish , to tufk with mo on. any suhjoot we navo. missed,, just oome up stairs and givo three raps on the door, hut I think we have gone into, matters pretty thoroughly." ... Sha vanished up stairs, and then Mr. 'Bow- ; sor sat -with his hoad in, liio; liqnda and thought and pondered for the next half honr. Ho couldn't mako it out, try ns -he -would, and whon Mrs, Bowsor oamo downstairs at midnight sho found him asloon on tho lounge and a tear in tho cornor of either GVO. — flew Tori Herald. ' " 