The Religion of the Chinese. The strongest-of all religious foelinga in China which hits nothing whatever to do with Buddhism, is that of reverence for one's predecessors. It iB weaker in the extreme north than in the sooth ; bat that is oh!y natural, when we consider the influenco of the Tartars, many of whom still despise the old and neglect the dead. Notwithstanding this, tbe feeling may bo described as universal. The l.lea seems to he that eaoh human being is merely a link in the endless family obain, and that if ancestral sacrifices are neglected, or male heirs not forthcoming, tha continuity, of existence will be broken. Unmarried females beim* almost an unknown phenomenon in China, and a woman ceding on marriage to belong to her father's family, omen are regarded much in the light of merchandise. In tho same way the con tinuity of existence is broken by tho loss ofa limb; hence, the.deeply rooted objection \- to surgical operatlehs. In the whole empire . ib ia hardly possible to find a Chinaman with bat one arm or. leg. . A criminal naturally dislikes execution, and Btrangnlation la much more painful than decapitation,; yei with the head on the ahoulders one can always make a presentable appearance in tho world to come. That world, according to the Chinaman's In born notions, ia simply a.repetition of the present one, and nothing more; the Bame mandarins, oquoezcs, pleasures, and evils. The idea in sacrificing to tho spirits is to keep them quiet in their nt;w sphere, and to prevent them from coming baok to 'howl' for assistance. liven the Emperor, in con ferring posthumous honours, invariably vrindB up with the words, < and this in order to comfort the migrated soul.1 So far as a Chinese has any anticipations of future bliss, he simply contemplates a repetition of his present experiences. If he is a bad man hero, he will be one there : hence he con forms his conduct to good just ao far as he does so with a view of gaining human credit on earth, and no further. There ia no dread of death, excopt in so far that it ia painful Bnd a sad severance. Though the SuddhiBt. stories of Heaven and Hell are freely repeated, no Chinaman seriously USKQVOS tbom, not is bis conduct ©ver motived, as it is with Christiana, by hopes &nd; fears of what may happen in a future life. The true attitude of the intelligent classes towards religion ii that officially laid dawn by the Emperor Tao-Kwang, grandfather of the present Emperor. It is in effect ' All religions are nonaense ; but the silly people have always believed in ghosts and after life, and, therefore, in order to con* eiliate popular feeling;, wn are disposed to protect every belief, including Christianity, so l.ong as there is no interference with the old established customs of the State.' Oonfuoiug had no religion, ^and even declined to discuss the question ; hia system u revered simply as the embodiment of decenoy and ordor. From our point of view there ia a alight touch of (prigEjishneas about it; but, anyway, it is the "Chinese version of ' the religion of a gentleman,' even though the gentlemen may not exist in large , numbers. Aa to the popular attitude towards religion, It need not be disonsned at all from an academical point of view, being simply a bundle of ignorant prejudices. From a practical point of view it is, of ooorse, extremoly important, for it >s by no means a matter of indifference to ns that the Chinese peasant or labourer should imagine that we use babies' oyos for photography, indulge in monatroua immorali ties, despite our ancestors, play religious trfoks with convert women, and suoh like things. These superstitions are not grosser or more dangerous than were tho middle-age notions current in Europe touching wltoliery heresy, and supernatural agency. It is simply a question of education; not only book-learning, but.good road--, travel, com merce, interchange of thought, kind treat, ment, and reoBonable concession on our own Bide. Buddhism was first heard of in China almost exactly two thousand years n"o China was at war with the Scythians, and her envoy, who bad been ssnt to the Pimir region to try and cre.aie a tiiversi.in against, these fierce Tartars, heard, whilst in Afghan istan, of India and its fout'u faith. This is the modern pronounciution ot two Chinese ' l&U;}?!ea' "hio^ th(:n aP ^ the und Vrndhu, or Budh,' and which are still pro nounced in Japan Bods -our English word bronze. A hundred years 'ater thH Indo Scythian king reigning in the Udjana and Balkh region, orally communicated tho Budd hist canon to a Chinese envoy, or traveller . «3'd rhia is the v.-ry llr"t th- Chinese over heard of images or preciso teachnns. Kmyor rn alternated between nl > "«h adorat on aid brutal -cppiicani. Io 839 there wtr 2(!o,000 monks and nnns ii; r.!ie emjilrn; in 845 ill 'he m'-nasteriea destroyed Nnrrer he Cathayan no.- th« Goldon Tartar dynasties of North China did muoh for or against Buddhism: but the MongoU supported all religion". Kub.'ai was greater under the influence of tho Tibe tan priest, Paspa. The later Mongol Emperors wore poor superstitious creatures and may be said to have be, n dynamically ruined by pandering to ero^ly corrupt Buddhism. Tho native Chinese dynasty of Ming, which succeeded tho Mongols, and reigned untii tho Sfanchua conquered China 250 years ago, kept Buddhi-:m within strict bounds. . In 1430 the Emperor said . ' In our own daymen are superstitious as over.' A century bter one of hia successors burnt all Buddhist sanctuaries in Ihe palace pro« cineta, destroyed all books and itnage., and pitched the holy relict away. One. however is still in existonco, and under tiupa near the Marble Bridge of Pokin. The Manchos have from tho first made intelligent use of Buddhism a? a political lever. AN ITALIAN MAHKIAQI: FU.VD.-Italy is a country -where marriago will always bn popular, for the government his a Bpecial fund for providing marriage portions for poor young girls. Without a dower it would bo almost impossible for o girl to be married, and this form of charity is said to be hiahlv appreciated. The annual"Bum available for this purpose, ai,d distributed every year among the marriageable voun« mrln in £500,000. To be a fecipient it fs ^ece/aary tor the applicant ro pro.'o hot good ri-puta lion and character by several witnesses, to show that she hm no tneana available, and that tile youug man who wishes to marry har has a trade. WASHING Ninv FIAHNBM.-To wash new flanne'B without t-hrinking Is perfectly easy 1 if you carefully follow these directions ' Shred up a cake of common yellow e"ap . put it into » saucepan, and over it pout just sufficient soft water to cover. Lot tlilo boil till clear, stirring ir occasionally. Have a tub of tepid wa' er,make it into a lather with some of the boiiod soap, and wash the flannels in it. Km*e in more water, in which a little soap Missohod. Dry by passing through the wringer carefully, and hang in the shade to dry 