CHAPTER III. THE SCENT LIES. Talking or JUexie jjesainy ana ner rare, in which the one had become as much in terested as the other, Mr and Mrs Wingate found their way almost unconsciously to the gates through which they bad gazed, a few hours earlier, at what they supposed to be her home. It was now invisible amongst the distant shades, but half a mile of the green ride lay far beneath the moon, look ing like a lawn for elves to dance on. Nettie held two of the great bars in her little hands, and peered between them wistfully. Billy’s eyes, over the top of her head, searched the night with equal eagerness. The Chase was laying a spell upon them both. The young lodge-keeper heard them talking, and came out to reconnoitre. Wingate accosted him, asking leave to enter the enclosure. The request was at once granted to an old friend of the squire’s, who was exhorted to take his own time, and return when it pleased him. The man had some business of his own on hand, which would keep him up for an hour or two, and was willing to wait upon the strangers’ pleasure. “ We shall have time, then, to get a peep at the house,” Nettie joyfully exclaimed. She was “ dying,” as she called it, for that satisfaction. “ Perhaps, if we look sharp,” said Billy. “ But the length of this avenue is about three times what it looks.” And they set oil to walk it at a swinging pace, keeping the middle of the grass, to be as far as possible from the black shadows of the woods on either side. Nettie held tight to her stalwart husband’s hand, and after a little only spoke iu low tones, glanc ing hither and thither in a furtive way, with occasional jumps and starts ; for the sense of mystery was upon her—delightful certainly, enchantingly English, but a little uncanny, all the same. Bushes to right and left rustled as they passed; twigs snapped; owls went by with no sound of wings, phantom-like; couching forms of deer arose, loomed for a moment, and disappeared. These latter were the most romantic feature of The Chase to her Australian mind, but an antlered buck in twilight, showing himself unexpectedly and merely as something alive and large, brings, as she expressed it, one’s heart in ;o one’s mouth. The spectacle of the old mansion, when :hey reached the inner enclosure of garden surrounding it, enhanced this sense of phantasmal things, the general awesome iess of the expedition and the hour. It was indeed the ideal haunted house. Nettie said she had seen the very “ moral” }f it, under that title, in an old volume of :he “ Illustrated London News." Ivy jloaked embattled walls and hung ragged wreaths from projections of ornamental stonework; towers and chimney-stacks rose majestic from the mass, cutting largo blocks out of the pellucid sky. Moss and weeds showed clear in the chinks of the [lagged terraces, and unpruned growths from the once trim parterres overran the pillared balustrades and short flights of shallow steps leading from one level to mother. A rusty gate hung awry on a broken hinge; gravel paths were all but obliterated ; storm - strewn twigs and branches of trees lay where the wind had tossed them, bedded in rank grass, and over all this desolation the broad windows gazed blankly, from under their stone brows, like open eyes of the dead. “ What a change !” Wingate muttered, in an awed voice ; “ oh, what a change ! I cannot understand it. For the boy s sake, if not for his own—for common decency’s sake—he might have kept such a beautiful place from going to rack and ruin like this 1 He doesn’t deserve to own it. Well, I don’t think we’ll try to make a home here, sweetheart.” “ Oh, no 1” whispered Nettie, shivering within the arm he had thrown around Nevertheless, ho looked about him with keen business eye, trying to measure the ctent of the dilapidation, and what it ould cost to put the place in habitable jpair. And while thus engaged, detached >r the moment from the sentiment of the ;ene, Nettie startled him with a sudden ry and a clutch upon his arm. In an istant she was within the rampart of that cm, as behind a padlocked door. “ Hullo he cried ; “ what’s the mat “ Look !” she gasped. “ Oh, look 1” He looked hurriedly hither and thither, it knowing what she meant. “ Hey ? Where ? I don’t see any “ It’s gone,” she said, in the same dry lroated whisper. “ But I saw it quite ainly—in that great window—the one mging out on the wall up there.” . “ Saw what, child ? Oh, this is getting i your nerves 1” “ Billy, you may disbelieve me if you ke, but 1 did see it—a light like a candle -in that window at the end of the wing, latch, perhaps we shall see it again.” They stared steadily for several minutes, ad saw no light except the moonlight, hich was very clear and bright. In the lence they heard rustlings in the bushes ear them, and above all other noises, the lumping of their hearts. “ That," said Billy, in a low voice, “ is le win" where Lexie lived. The big win ow belongs to what used to be her bed lom—a great room, that was three parts tting-room, one of the finest in the house. E you really saw a candle in it, of course ime one must be there. But they cer rinly told me it was all shut up.” As he spoke they simultaneously de leted a figure gliding across a moon o-hted corner of the terrace beneath the Tndow. It was such a shadow of a figure, nd came and went so swiftly, that they arely identified it as human, and were ua ble to distinguish sex. Nettie smothered shriek in her husband’s breast. “I say, this looks very suspicious, he xclaimed excitedly, while trying to soothe er alarm. “ There are some little games oin" on that the authorities don’t know nything about, evidently. . Poachers— urglars - somebody taking advantage of he empty house for unlawful purposes. «Oh, Billy, come away, come away 1 Ihey might see us, and you are unarmed, nd we are so far from help 1” “ Nonsense, pet! Don't be a little goose. Veil, we’ll go at once, dear—only just let qo run up and see where that fellow went o, first. It would be cowardly to leave hem to do no one knows what mischief, ,nd not lift a hand to prevent it. You stay lere in shelter, and L’ll be back m two ninutes.” „ . , . , But Nettie, mustering a fair stock ol lative courage, declared that if he must go >n such an errand, she would go too, lever would she be separated from hei lusband, whatever happened. They would lie together, if need were. Wingate would have preferred to make c iortie by himself—it would have been the looner over, and he could have dealt sum, narily with any difficulty encountered ihe presence of his wife made an irksome saution necessary. However, her wish wai aw; and he lifted her over the rustec gate upon which they had been leaning, and set her little feet upon a path that led, by two flights of massive steps, to the ter race under the wing that had been Lexie’s private dwelling, and the window in which Nettie had seen the light. Here they pro ceeded softly, the man holding his com panion behind him with a firm grip, and keeping one eye on the window and the other on the bushes to right and left, until they reached the moonlit corner where the figure had been seen. Here Billy stopped and pounced upon something that lay coiled on the weedy pavement under the shadow of the balustrade like one of his native Bnakes. He pulled it out into the light, and lo, a rope of many fathoms, new and strong, with a long thin cord attached to it, weighted at the end—similar to the tackle with which ships make fast to tug or wharf, but of inferior weight and quality. “ Burglars, of course,” he remarked, de lighted with his find. “ Some of them must have got in, and others are outside; every window on the ground floor is barred like a prison, so I suppose they are hauling themselves .into that upper one with the rope. But how the dickens did the first one get through ? It projects so far from the walls that the ivy wouldn’t help. They must have got theline over something,but Ican’tsee what. And the casements are shut. There are two, in the lower part, opening like doors. Lexie loved to have them open ; Bhe was so fond of fresh air ! By the way, there’s the door of the little staircase that they say she eloped by; is that shut, I wonder ?” It was—hard and fast. And, when he ran half round the house, and ran back, before Nettie had time to feel deserted he found all the doors and windows wearing the same impenetrable look. And no sign of life was visible, nor further trace of the supposed marauders, In spite of which, common prudence dictated a retreat under the circumstances. " If I were alone,” said Billy, “ I’d get to the bottom of this, but I can’t expose you to the tender mercies of a burglar at bay. The best thingtobedoneis to get you safe to the inn, and then como back with men I can muster, and thoroughly search the place. We will take the rascals’ rope with us, at any rate, and trust they haven’t got another.” He quickly made a coil of the rope and slung it over his shoulder. With the other arm he embraced his wife and pro pelled her homeward. Along the cracked and weedy flags, down the moss-grown steps, through the wilderness of a garden they scurried, as if themselves detected housebreakers ; and neither of them en joyed the romance of the situation in the least. Bright as the moon was, their path to the rusty gate, through the rank, dank shrubberies, was a more fearsome passage that before; and when, at a spot where the branches closed above their heads, they heard a rustle and a movement as of some creature tracking them, Nettie’s liaart failed her, and she screamed aloud. Billy thereupon dropped his load of rope, clasped his «ife to his breast, planted his feet firmly, and glared from side to side. “ Who’s thers ?” he called sharply. No answer. No sound. They listened with all their tingling ears, but heard nothing. “ A rabbit, or a bird, or perhaps one of the deer out of the woods,” he murmured soothingly. “ Why, child, what’s come to you?” But his own voice was a trifle unsteady. Eager to stand and face any danger that he could see, this shadow business un nerved him. A mile in twenty minutes was their rate of travel down the long chase to the lodge, and the little star that was Abel Rowe’s parlour lamp, on which they kept their eyes fixed steadily all the way, was a great comfort to them. The young keeper came out to meet them, and speaking both at once and rather breathlessly, they poured the story'of their'adventure into his ears. He received it without visible surprise or concern, and did not agree with Mr Win gate that a midnight expedition was neces sary. “ Oh, you saw that light in the window!” he exclaimed, with much gravity. “ I was wondering whether you would. I was out the other night, looking at some trap3. and saw it myself; and several other people have seen it. The conclusion they’ve come to is that the old house is haunted, sir. I don’t hold with ghosts myself, but that’s the commoH view.” “ Haunted be blowed \” was Wingate’s rude rejoinder; and he showed the rope, which was mysterious without being super natural, and described how they had seen a man “ scoot ” round a corner of the house. “ Beside,” said he, “ if ghosts were allowed to carry matches and candles, they’d burn the places down.” “ I suppose there are gh®3ts of lights as well as ghosts of people, if there are ghosts at all,” argued Abel Rowe. “ Be that as it may, no mortal hand lit that light you saw, sir, if it was in the big window of the west wing you saw it. Because why ? The day after it was first seen, Mr Blackett and a whole posse of people, thinking just as you do that burglars were in tho house, went in and all over it, and tried every lock and bolt, and thoroughly ransacked the whole place; and they proved that no body could possibly have been there. Especially in that room wore the window is; that was locked up tighter than any. Sir "Walter doesn’t like to have people pry ing there. It used to be his wife’s room,” “There must be a hiding-place in it,” said Wingate. “ There is not, sir, begging your pardon. Every bit of wall and floor was tapped and tested; some of the boards were ripped up. Mr Blackett satisfied himself that there was no hiding-place.” “ Then they had got out of tho window with the rope in the meantime.” “ No, sir; for the casements were found fastened on the inside.” “ Well, but here’s the rope to speak for itself. It was lying close under the window. It is quite new—just out of the shop—no doubt bought on purpose. What do you suppose it was doing there ? And the fellow we saw running ? Must he be a ghost too ?” “ I can’t account for him, nor for the rope,” Mr Rowe admitted, fingering the latter in an abstracted way. “ I thought nobody cared to go near the place of a night, since there’s been this talk of the ghost in the window. I’ll see Mr Blackett about it in the morning-” “ I will see him also,” broke in Wingate, with a significant glance at his wife. “And I will keep the rope, if you please. It is my evidence, you see. I intend to sift this thing to the bottom, ghost and all.” \- (To be Continued ) 