CHAPTER V. Adopted by the Blacks. Although hope was gone, help was close at hand. While he was thus lying there the sharp eyes of two dusky daughters of the forest perceived him, and, with the truly universal curiosity of their sex ap- proached closer to get a better view. It is not surprising that they were greatly astonished, if not alarmed, when the closer inspection revealed to their gaze a man different to any they had ever beheld. To convey to their husbands the intelligence that they had discovered a monstrous man with white features and limbs did not take them long, and very soon those worthies returned with their better, and uglier, halves to the spot where the object of their discovery lay prostrate. With a caution, quite natural, although there were four to one, they surrounded him. Then seeing that he was utterly helpless and bearing the marks of long privation, they summoned up sufficient courage to touch him. This aroused Buckley from his stupor, and he struggled into a sitting posture with the help of the spear, which had all this time been clutched by him as a dying man clutches a straw. As he gazed in a dazed sort of a way at them, he looked like one just arisen from the dead. And this idea seems to have taken hold of the mind of his black discoverers, for these simple minded chil- dren of nature, on seeing the familiar spear in his hand, thought they recognised in Buckley the reimbodied ghost of a de- parted warrior belonging to a neighbouring and friendly tribe, at whose burial they had only lately assisted. According to aboriginal theology, the spirit of the late lamented man aught to be still hovering around. It was also an article of popular belief that the blackfellow after death jumped up whitefellow, and here, truly, was a case in confirmation.* They laid hold of the worn-out Buckley by the arms, and, after greeting him with friendly thumps on the chest, managed to set him on his feet. Then the women got one on each side and helped him along, while the menu marched on ahead shouting, making hideous noises, and wilding tearing their hair, and behaving in a very ex- traordinary, not to say extravagant, man- ner generally. Whether these gesticula- tions and outcries denoted joy or sorrow, Buckley does not say. They proceeded thus for a short distance and came to a couple of mia-mias, where the women obtained a bowl or calabash, a rough sort of basin made by the natives out of the knotty excresence of a tree by the aid of fire and a flint stone, and into it put gum and water, which they mixed into a pulp and offered to the al- most expiring Buckley, who devoured the mixture eagerly. Next they gave him some large fat grubs, which the women procured at the roots of trees and underneath de- cayed logs. These grubs completed his meal, and such was his famishing con- dition at the time that he thought them delicious, and a luxury equal to the sweetest marrow be had over tasted. The meal, ended, Buckley felt greatly revived, although still very weak. Notwithstanding the hospitality shown to him, he had no confidence in a con- tinuance of the good offices of his black benefactors, and would have left them had he been able. He did not like their looks. Certainly they were not beauties. More forbidding countenances could scarcely be imagined. The handle of the face, as that expressive organ the nose is frequently called, was flat, with widely distended nostrils, and had through its septum, as an effort at ornamentation, a short stick or reed, which certainly did not add to their attractive- ness in Buckley's eyes. Their mouths were large and cavernous, with hanging heavy thick lips; below these a large underjaw denoted great strength, very ne- cessary for the tearing asunder and mas- tication of the coarse food they had to subsist on, their teeth performing many offices which civilised people delegate to knives and forks. Remarkably quick eyes sunken afar back and overhung by bushy brows, bespoke a watchful and suspicious if not a treacherous nature. Retreating foreheads and high cheekbones completed the delineation of their features. Sur- mounting all was a luxuriant growth of jet black hair on the head of both men and women, and rather longer on the latter. Both men had thick shaggy beards, and on shoulders and chest the hair also grow strong and thick. Each had a band made of bark fibres wound round the head either for ornament or to keep the hair within bounds. Their faces might be de- scribed as speaking faces, every mood was reflected in them as in a mirror, in repose they bore a very sullen, not to say morose, aspect, but when interested in anything this completely vanished, and in its place a most animated and bright expression revealed to 'the onlooker that the blacks had within them considerable vivacity and nerve. They could not boast of extravagance as regards dress. The women's attire was bunches of feathers tied with a bark cord at the waist and hanging around the loins in the form of a skirt, somewhat shorter than that of a stage fairy; while the men were content with wearing strips of furred skin depending about 12 inches before and behind from a skin belt. Both sexes had slim limbs and walked pigeon-toed, but with a graceful and an active step. Their bodies, it might also be mentioned, were plentifully bedaubed with the fat of some animal; this probably served a utilitarian as well as an ornamen- tal purpose, for the greasy coating must in a measure have warded off the in- clemencies of the weather from their otherwise almost bare skins. (To be Continued.) ______________________________ * "They have a belief that when they die they go to some place or other and are there made white men, and that they then return to this world for another existence. They think all the white people previous to death were belonging to their own tribes, thus returned to life in a different colour. In cases where they have killed white men, it has gene- rally been because they imagined them to have been originally enemies, or be- longing to tribes with whom they were hostile. In accordance with this belief, they fancied me to be one of their tribe who had recently been killed in a fight, in which his daughters had been killed also." Some observant writers on the aborigines dispute this. They aver that it is a modern notion derived from intercourse with the whites since the first settlement of Port Jackson in 1788. Other reliable authorities hold with the statement here quoted from Buckley's autobiography. The belief or idea probably is very old one-at least among the tribes whose territory bordered on the sea coast. It may have taken its rise from the fact of white men occasionally landing. The blacks, not knowing how to account for their appearance from the illimitable ocean, settled the matter by inventing as an explanation of the legend ex- pressed in the words: "Go down black- fellow jump up white fellow." 