CHAPTER XXVI —THE SCAR ON TEMPLE. Miss Hemcaste had walked into Cas- Uecord to post a. prtvateletterofher own. fane-returned as the stable clock was striking sir, and, as she walked up the avenue, came face to face with Sir Peter and Captain O'DonnelL. The little cowardly baronet had been seized with a sudden and great fancy tor the tall, soldierly, fearless Irishman. 0 Donnell suited him exactly. He had not a grain of fear in his nature, he had a cool head, a steady nerve, and he was Intensely interested in Sir Peter's affair Of the ghost. O'Donnell had taken It MP. had promised to investigate, did not behere It was a glrost, and Sir Petet breathed.again. ' to the ittle. nred^opldng jgoyerMISS ; =The> J - baronet owned round,andiookea darfdyandEus- •*tVhere has die been^ow?" he asked iistrostrmiy. "What dB bll these long, Eolitary rambles mean? Don't you see the likeness, O'JPonneU, to the picture 01 Katherine ©aiigerfield? TTou must be blind tf you do not." \- "° h » I see. a certain likeness," O'Donneli repeated, "but nothing so marked as to be terrifying. : By-the-by, I was examining the photograph with a magnifying glass, and I discovered a mark or scar of some kind on the left side or the face right above the -temple. Now, had Katherine Dangerfield a birthmark there, or anything of the sort?" "The line you saw was the scar qf a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fell ouf of her arms; she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gash just above the temple. • I saw the scar a hundred times; it wasn't very disfiguring, and she never trtea to'conceal it. A white triangular scar, ihat used to turn lividly red when she got angry." O'DonneU listened thoughtfully.- "Humph!" he said, "a scar like that it would be impossible ever to obliterate, even had she lived to be eighty. By the way. you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think— a doctor, who afterwards removed London? Do you know if this man still lives?' "I know nothing about him; but there is no reason to suppose he does not." "Was his Christian name Henry?" "Yes; Henry Otis, that was his name. "Was he tall, spare; light-haired, very sallow complexion, with a stoop? "Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him—you describe him exactly?" "1 think I have. And'she died in his house, and was buried from it, you say? How long- after did he leave Castleford for London?' I don't remember exactly — some months, I think. There were people who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miserable "here after her death. She was buried from his house, and he erected that stione to her- memory. Then he took his 'moettier away, and went up to London/' " ^He jand his mother kept a servant, 1 "suppose?" Now, if the servant who lived wttaj -them-at the'time of Katherine •Danger-field's death be still .e3ive; " Jt strikes me I. Should like'to see tiialt servant. ' One question more. Sir Peter, on another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here—a dismal, lonely sort of house, called Bracken Hollow?" "Certainly I know Bracken Hollow.' His voice dropped to a whisper, and he glanced half-fearfully around. "Who in CastleSord does not? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is'a haunted house." "Who lives at Bracken Hollow? " An old woman. named Hannah Go wan.' She was Katherine Dangerfield's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Bracken Hollow." "Whe—w—w—w 1" O'DonneU's low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. Katherine Dangerfield's nurse! By George! th!a.t accounts " He stopped. • Sir Peter looked at him, all his neverending suspicions end fears aroused. "Accounts for what?" O'DonneU halted in his slow walk, and laid his hand confidentially on the shoulder of the' baronet, and looked calmly down into frfo liMle wizen face. 'Sir Peter," he said, gravely, "a light Is beginning to dawn upon me—the mysteries axe lifting slowly, but, I think, surely. As certain as we both live, this strange mystery shall be sifted tio the bottom, and the ghost of Scarswood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow, . exoircised! Now I am going away by myself to -think.".. ' T And he turned and strolled off, leaving the pefrjjiBd little baronet standing under tile lime trees, the picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the youhg Irishman passed was <the library; its windows stood wide open on the lawn; it looked cool and dark and deserted—a suitable :placie to think in. • He stepped let <he sea-green eurtalns fall again, flung bimsejf into a' ^chalr, Ws hands Etill de^jin his pobkets, his browB icnlt to 4~reSecfiiye trown> v '-.The room had Eeemed v^y dark, comingiii fropi theglare of the sunset; but,, aifc'iTC.minutte, iie lifted his . eyes ®romrthe carpet, ;and found it was not not, clone: thSjlbrary tiadiMotber occupant ^eli^ierooyedtierHai plllovefl her Tj^4--5ier fa**, wBth the -^ajrwoia. ^U^^VETeLS^^uurued.towards, her brows were contracted, her lips ber thbii he had lever thbnght her Who was ^lifi? , Aocettaage' 1 , woman,' surdy-< wonterftil •womain, K.Uie.dSin. hlsmtod were rf^rt- WhOTras rfie? .. .. .- An inM^oo *®™® ? 130 :hhn—ah -'In-. t b t o i i ^ ^ ^ ^ t ^ takfirtoeDangerflaa-e tanjflel for ever; was the time to>oa ,all puspicitmE ? ther? I am. For her oto sake I will look." He drew near—J»e stooped over the sleeping form; very gently he lifted the blackwavesofliair thatcovered forehead and temple. A full and noble brow he saw it was those bands of dead, dark hair hid. Lifted off, it altered her wonT derfully, made her ten' tiroes more like the portrait of tihe dead girl. He glanced. at the temple. Good Heaven!' Yes, there was the livid -triangular scar Sir Peter Dangerfield had described just above the tem- ple- He let the hair drop—he absolutely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there for a few moments thunderstruck, spellbound, looking down at her, and then drawing a deep breath, softly left the room . (To be Continued.) 