[?] ?o -:?.. FOURTH DAY. MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. A CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. THE FEDERATION BA.SIS. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Victoria Buxton, Miss Buxton, and Captain Wellington were again present when the President took the chair at the Federal Convention at 10.30 am. on Thursday, but less than twenty five representatives were in their places, although .within a few minutes of the oponiog the benches were better filled. The strangers' gallery was plentifully patronised from the outset, but the benches reserved for Legislative visitors were empty. There was a fashionable attendance of ladies, and as the proceedings dragged ? somewhat at the start they were given much material for inno cent wonderment. In the seats behind the viceregal party were Messrs. Charleston, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Ward, McDonald, and Blacker, while Mr. Morris sat in solitary state in front of the Speaker's gallery until much later in the day. The business of the Convention began by an intimation by Mr. Walker that he will move this morning for a return showing sepa rately the .debt per bead and the interest payable per head in each colony; while Dr. Quick notified that he will ask for a statement of the lands iu Australia suitable for settlement and the length of rail way lines which would have to be constructed to make them available. There was next a long consultation between the heads of the various delegations and the President, at the termination of which that dignitary an nounced that through the Bight Honorable the Secretary of (State for the Colonies and his Excellency the Governor a message to the Convention had been received from her Majesty the Queen. At this impressive inti mation all the delegates within the Chamber, £3 well as the auditors in the pallory, spon taneously rose to thoir feet. The cablegram from Mr. Chamberlain to the President, which was read by Mr. Kingston, ran thus : — I liave received iier ilajcsly's cou: mand to desira you lo acquaint Uie Federal Convention that she takes a special interest in their proceedings, and hopes that under Divine guidance their labors will result in practical benefit to Australia. 1 desire to add my own cordial wishes for a successful rosult which will conduce to the dignity and strength of the Empire. At the conclusion of the reading of the j message three hearty cheers for the Queea were given at the call of the President. On the motion of Sir George Turner, seconded by Sir Edward Eraddoii, and with the cordial approval of the Convention, Sir Richard Baker was appointed Chairman of Committees. Mr. J. H. Carruthers, Minister of Lands for New South Wales, at 10.40 a.m. resumed the debate on the resolutions of Mr. Barton and although he would have preferred to go straight ou with the discussion of the Common wealth Bill he expressed pleasure that the mantle of the great leader in the federal movement, Sir Henry Parkes, had fallen on the shoulders of so excellent a successor. New South Wales, he says, desires to secure justice to all the States joining the union, but she does not wish to give up too much for that purpose. However, he promised to reach away from mere platitudes, for he recognises that though the spirit of compromise should prevail at the Convention it is the people who in the end who'bave to pronounce a verdict on the Con stitution adopted. He will not be a party to any sacrifices that will thwart the will of the people, as although the Convention will put to gether the dry bones of the Constitution it is the people who must breathe into it the breath of life. It will be hard, he warns the Conven tion, to persuade New South Wales to sacrifice the supreme rights of her people in order to induce other States to enter the Federation. He is glad to believe that, as the preamble of the resolutions sets forth, Federation will really enlarge the powers of Self-Goverumei.it of Australia. He views with deep foreboding the presence of two foreign nations in New Guinea, aud he is pleased to think that the Federation of Australia will largely widen its influence in dealing with questions of this sort. He is delighted that the Premiers are proing to England, and he advises that they should endeavor to serve Australia by persuading the British Government to initiate negotiations for once moie acquiring those portions of Now Guinea which ought never to liave been parted | with and which the Germans and Dutch do not use. No better Christinas box, he thinks, could be given to Australia. On the subject of Finance, Mr. Carruthers pointed out that the real financial experts of the con tinent are unable to enter tho Convention because they are either Government officers or in the service of finaucialinstitutions which can not spare them. They wanted the advice of all these experts. New South Wales, he said, wants all the border Customs offices removed, but it does not desire merely to change a Customs war for a battle of railways. The railways should be under Federal control or else the Federation would be like a man who marries a wife and leaves her at the church door. He will not accept the abolition of differential rates without this Federal control. So. he advises that two committees should be appointed, one to take evidence and to report as to Finance and the other as to the Railways. 'One could do the work better,' said Mr. Solomon. Mr. Carruthers agrees to equal representation in the Senate, but thinks its ? powers should be restricted unlesB all the States are willing to accept equal financial liabilities. The Victorian and New South Wales delega tions cheered this declaration. Deadlocks, Mr. Oarruthers ihinks,s would' in most cases be averted by common-sense and popular goodwill, but if it was necessary he would favor a Referendum. He believes in a Federal Judiciary, but objects to set up a High Court of Appeal, which will only be another hurdle to jump before a final decision is arrived at. There will be no economy either of time or money, Be urges, in . substituting this High Court of Appeal for the Privy Council. On the subject of the proposed Federal capital Mr. Carruthers loudly blew the trumpet of his colony and its capital. Sydney is the key stone of the. Imperial defence of Australia, he urged, and he followed this with the porten tous announcement that 'the head of the Church of England in Australia is there.' Therewasan awed pause, and then Mr. Peacock caused a roar of laughter by interjecting, 'But Melbourne has the head of toe Salvation Army.' Mr. Car ruth ere asked whether there was to be right of secession from the union or the power of dissolution; Therew&saohorus; of negatives; and Mr. Carruthers Baid then the Oona^tutisn should ba very -carefully framed so as to provide; ample and easy, methods of , amendment ;or v.the . consequences might be Berious. There were loud cheers .when'the JJew South Wales Minister sat down, and Messrs. Henry, of Tasmania, and Hiorgins, of Vic toria, sprang up together, the latter being called on by the President. Mr. Higgins began his speech at 11.27 a.m. with a statement that he is not well,- and so may not be able to keep up the debate to its high level. ' He saw difficulty in dealirig with resolutions so weak, vague, and inconclusive as those set before them, and he expressed sur prise that, Eeeing that all debatable matters had been carefully excised, speakers were ex pected to deal witb those debatable matters. He regretted that the members of the Conven tion of 1891 present that day had not given their views in Greater detail, and he was sorry that anyone should be precluded from stating his views fully and freely. Mr. Barton rose to explain that there was nothing in the resolutions to preclude debate, and the President upheld this statement. Mr. Higgins, however, thought the electors who sent them there would be indignant at the Convention going back to the vagueness of 1891. Every speaker had to address himself to a dozen things at once and so could not make distinct enunciations as to details. He would like to alter the resolutions so as to make them affirm that the Senate should have 'd irect' responsibility to the people. He would not have spoken, he said, but for the attack of Sir Richard Baker on Responsible Government He admired the direct and straightforward method in which Sir Richard went to the heart of the matter, but he differed from his conclusions. Sir Richard Baid 'We can't have responsibility to two Houses, and so we can't have Responsible Government.' Mr. Higgins, however, thought this proved that we could not have responsibility to two Houses. Ho liked to go to tho thing the people were used to. and he argued that it is not essential to a Federation to have equal power in both Houses. He urged that Sir Edward Braddon's admission that the Minis try mu6t rest on the House of Representatives proved that it must have the power of the purse. The time for compromise has not yet come, he says, and now is the period for frank expression of views. He considers it preposterous for the small States to demand control of the finances. 'Why do you give them equal representation?' asked Mr. Glynn, and Mr. Higgins affirmed that all the small States would not always be agreed, nor would the larger ones invariably pull together. 'Suppose they did ?' enquired Mr. Symon ; and Mr. Higgins said, 'Then it would be a case of pull devil, pull baker.' Mr. Higgins doesn't think Liberals will consent to the equal representation of the States in the Senate.' 'They can't get their consent oil any other terms,' said Mr. Henry. Mr. Higgins raid the small States might ffroiv into lai'gb on-s some day. New houth Wales might become a sheepwalk and Tasmania a busy hive of industry. 'We know that,' acquiesced Bir Edward Brad don, and Mr. Solomon remarked, ' We want to protect New South Wales when it becomes a sheepwalk,' while Messrs. Holder, Cockburn, and Gordon cried together — ' Tlio principle is the same in any ca.se.' Mr.' Higgins instanced the pre dominance of PruMsia in the German Federa tion. 'That,' said Mr. Lavtcn, 'is a fede ration engendered by domination and not by consent.' Mr. Hig'giiis next quoted professor j Bryce to show that in America there j was never a contest between the big and the small States. ' Because, of the protection,' said Mr. Gordon, aud Mr. Higgins, continu ing to quote Dr. Lryce, said the American House of Representatives had never been tiie stronghold of the large States or the Senate of the small ones. Tho true protection of the small States w.is, lie urged, the limitation of the powers of the Federal Parliament to those j subjects alone which it could deal with better than the smaller States. He challenged the supporters of equal representation to show any case of injustice likely to arise from un equal representation, and he warned Radicals that the Tories in the larger States looked to this equal representation in the Senate as likely to work in their interest. Ho tliiuks the great danger to smaller States is that the Senators might be elected by the local Parlia ments, as that would result in Federal issues being introduced into provincial politics, as ] men would be elected on the ticket ac cording to the Senators they promised to vote for. The franchise for both Houses of the Federal Parliament, he thought, should be fixed in the Constitution, as if it were elected on a narrow franchise it would bedifficuit to broaden it. He is stroDgly in favor of womanhood suffrage, but ho would becontentto begin with 'one man, ono vote' for both Houses of the Federal Parliament, which would lead to tho other if proper power was given of amendment. 'You shut out the women of South Austraba. said Sir George Turner, but Mr. Higgius thought not. 'Yes, you do,' persisted ttir George, and Mr. Solo mon said, 'They elected us to this Conven tion ;' ' Aud they made a very good choice, too,' remarked Sir George, and all ten South Australians smiled approvingly. Mr. Higgins, in conclusion, urged that the Senate should be elected by each colony voting in one con stituency, while the Representatives should be returned by districts. He only very briefly referred to financial and railway matters. Deadlocks he would deal with by a Referendum. In conclusion he expressed pleasure that he had aroused opposition, which was the spice of debate, and so he she down amid great ap plause. * Mr. B. R. Wise, of New South Wales, was the third speaker of the day, and he was cordially greeted when he rose at 12.34 p.m. If he combated the arguments of Mr. Higgius, he said, he hoped it would be with that gentle man's excellent temper and admirablelucidity. He claimed that Mr. Higgins had shown by bis speech that the resolutions touched all details of the controversy, while they did not bring into too much prominence points which had better be dealt with afterwards. He mentioned as a coincidence that in Philadelphia more than 100 years ago, when the American Constitution was being made, one member of the Convention argued against the equal representation of States in the Federation, and that he was answered by Mr. George Reid, who represented Delaware. Thus he said, referring to the name of the latter gentleman, hibtory repeated itself in large as well as in small matters. . 'One State, one vote,' Mr. Wise thinks as logical as 'one man, one vote,' no matter what the wealth of the elector, _ and he urged that equal representation in the Senate was a necessity of Federation. He expressed his obligation to Sir Richard Baker for his address, but said that as the Cabinet system is incompatible with true Federation he would choose Responsible Government, as there must be control by one House.*' He asked Mr. Higgins to snow why the Senate should not amend money Bills, as he thought that dis ability belonged to the antiquity of politics, although he admitted that the Appropriation Act should not be altered. *' Would you allow the Senate to ameiW the detail s of Customs Bills ?' asked Sir George Turner, and Mr. Wise replied that he did not See why not, as there was more heated feeling over matters of social legislation than concerning money Bills, and they should not be scared by the ghosts of dead controversies. ' He instanced a recent case in New South Wales when public business was greatly 'delayed ' because the' Legislative Counoil did not possess the power referred te. Miv Wise thinks 'that - if the Convention ?attempts ±Ag- Ux the Federal franchise on broader lines than those whjeh mw extBt in the various colonies- a fresh obstacle will be ereated.-while there will, be a difficulty in securing the extension by the various States of the privilege of voting suirgesteafo be granted in excess of that now enjoyed. He would therefore leave this business to . the Federal Parliament. At 12.55 p.m. he obtained leave to continue his vigorous and attractive speech after lunch. On resuming at 2 o'clock there were but 30 representatives in the Chamber, but there was again a good attendance in all the public gal leries, legislators being again conspicuous in thlbjjwatrrows, while Miss Spence listened with interest to the debates. Mr. Wise, who possesses a pleasant voice and a most attractive manner, while, he has a great command of graceful lan guage, continued bis reference to the Consti tutional problem. He asks whether it is neces sary to provide against deadlocks at all, being in doubt whether they are always disadvan tageous. They are the price, he thinks, which people pay for free Constitutions. He thought it unwise to give the temptation to put the penal powers for ending a deadlock into force before all conciliatory methods have been exhausted. He objects both to the Referendum and tD the suggestion that the two Houses should sit together. Mr. Wise suggests that power should be giren to the Federation, with the assent of the four States interested, to take over and administer the unoccupied parts of Australia as Federal territory. As population centred here new States could be formed, while in addition to the more effective development of the interior a chance would be givenfor an experimentin land- value nationalisation. He advocates the fede ration 'of the railways in preference to appoint ing an Intor-State Board, as advised by Mr. O'Connor. He thinks it would be unsafe to create such a board even if it were practicable. He appealed to Mr. Grant, who had had large railway experience in Tasmania, whether It was not possible for railway companies to mis lead the board. 'That's rough on Grant,' in terjected Mr. Gordon and tho Convention laughed, whileMr. Wise hastened toexplainth.it his remarks wero not based on that principle. ' They are based on want of principle,' com mented Mr. Gordon. Mr. Wise thinks the railways should be instruments of con solidation and not weapons of offence, although he sees no need for dealing with any but trunk lines, so that JVrest Australia and Tasmania would not be affected. He presumed that the telegraph lines which run along the railway tracks and the post-offices which used the carriages would bo federalised. 'Not necessarily,' said Mr. Holder, and this seemed * to surprise .air. wise, aitnougn xyir. Higgins explained that the South Australian Post and Telegraph Department pays, while that of Now South Wales does not. If one gauge woro adopted and the railways' wero run under, one system the saving would amount to from £500,000 to £750,000, said Mr. Wise. 'Why, the uniform gauge would cost millions,' ob jected Mr. Eraser, rvliile Mr. Barton said, 'Some put it at £10,000,000,' and Mr, Gordon interjected, ' I think £4,000,000 is right.' Mr. Wise urged that if £4,000,000 was the correct figure it would not take long to pay off the capital cost hy tiie saving. He thinks the Federal Government should be pro hibited from selling Federal territory and he afkedthat in the preamble of the Constitution Bill should be inserted words that it was de signed 'to enlarge tl10 powers of Self Government of the people of Australasia.' Ho thinks the Federal Judicature should be created by the Federation, as the final inter pretitiou of the Constitution should not be entrusted to any Supreme Court judges not appointed by the Federal Government. ' No man can serve two masters— the States and thfi Federation'— agroed Mr. O'Connor. Tho Federal Government should be served by officers of its own appointment throughout, Mr. Wise urges, and he would make them responsible directly for all nomina tions and dismissals. He concluded a powerful and impressive speech by the utterance of a wish that the Constitution to be adopted would be better adapted than that of 1891 to the requirements of to- day. When the loud applause which rewarded him had subsided, Mr. H. Henry, of Tasmania, at 2.45 p.m. rose to continue the debate. He was diffident, he said, at following such accomplished speakers and he expressed regret that the Federationists of 1891 had not given their views at greater length for the benefit of the newer men. He is glad there is practical unanimity as to the necessity 00 . :equal represen tation in tho Senate and, he is prepared to accept the compromise suggested in the brilliant speech of Mr. Wise, which would give the Senate power to. deal with all measures but the annual Appropriation Bill. He is in favor of the election of the Senate by the people and of a Federal franchise for the House of Representatives. He would re. tain Responsible Government and would ap point a Federal Supreme Court. He looks upon the financial problem as the crux of Fede ration, and he advises that the Customs revenues Bhould not be touched till that uniform tariff which is a necessity to Federa tion has been imposed. He would allow tho States to collect the duties and to pay their interest until the Federal Government has fixed its tariff. He suggested that thero should be provision that it should not come into force until, say, January I, 1900, so as to allow producers aud small manufacturers to prepare themselves for the change. The Customs revenue of Australia is absorbed in the payment of interest, so that both must be taken over by the Federal Government together, although he recognises that thero will be a difficulty of adjust ment, as, for instance, the interest per head is now :— South Australia, £2 13s. Id.; Tasmania. £2 Is. 4d. ; West Australia, £1 14s. 5d.; and Victoria, £1 13s. Cd. There should be a definite obligation laid on the Federal Government to meet the interest cost of tha various coloniesout of the amounts receivedfrora Customs, the balance being returned to them. Under his scheme New South Wales would re ceive £44,000 back and Victoria £243,000, while Tasmania would have to pay £26,000 and South Australia £277,000 yearly. 'Oh ! ' cried the South Australian ten in unison, and Mr. Henry explained that this. colony would really gain, as it pays more than that now in addition to its Customs duties.. He hoped to serve on the Finance Committee and to fully explain his whole proposals. He is against the Federation of the railways, although he would give power to the Federal Government to acquire them with the consent of the States. He thinks it inevitable that the Postal and Telegraph Departments' of the various States must be under Federal con trol, but he views with great apprehension the concession of power to the Federation to levy direct taxation. So he sat down amid cheers. Mr.. J. H. Symon, Q.CL, met with anten couraging reception whennarpse at 3; 36 p.m. HeWttfikett Bir Joseph iBUttfc; f or the in Vita- tM'WfifiB new men :ft-^pWyLMengib,'bu& he^gr^'^th'Mf, fli|«n'S;Ma'5lr-. Senry in^STeMng-ihatidhey'^ad not Jffie1 advantage W ^jiafetkiled' Views 1%'f the ; veteran's.3 ??'!f he smaller States, Tie said/^aw in the speeches -of M&ffirsi; 'Catrutiiers and'Higgbs their , bane, the: latter .having out-'|Ierdded 'Herod, while the eloquent, lucid, and fair' speech . of Mr. Wise to a large extent' provided the antidote. By Mr. Higgins the smaller States were to\d to open their mouths and.shut their eyes and see what the - 4afiKer,;Sfiitea would Bend them. Perew«yyi3flr.py«iMif?^*-:,' lie did not wish that the smaller Stattefihbnld tie mere bottleholdera in the Titanip fights likely to take place between the larger States ' in the House of Representatives, He believes in trusting the justice -of 'the people, whose instincts arid objects are right if left alone, but he recognises the existence ot much original and some acquired sin and so _ he thinks it would be wise to provide against any possible wrong. West Australia was in creasing in population bo rapidly that soon the balance mignt be altered and the present bie colonies might find their positions revorsed, Mr. Symon said warningly. He expressed in debtedness to Mr. Barton for accept ing the leadership of the Convention and also for his able and luminous speech in submitting the resolutions. If they were passed thev would not bind members, but they brought their-thoughts into contact, if not into harmony, although the controversial element had been eliminated with great suc cess. He described as a happy-inspiration the insertion into the resolutions of the statement that Federation was 'to enlarge the powers of Self -Government of the people of Australasia.' Mr. Barton modestly disclaimed the merit of authorship and promised to diEclose the source of the suggestion in his reply. Mr. Symon thinks it should be clearly stated in the Con stitution that the Federation is to be per manent and indissoluble. ^Referring to the suggestion of Mr. Carruthers that the Premiers when in England should secure the retirement of the Dutch and Germans from New Guinea, ho expressed the opinion that they would do a more useful and im portant work if they were to go with the first complete draft of the Federal Constitution in their hands. There were approving cheers, which were renewed when he added that this would be one of the most precious and accep table incidents in the most magnificent histori cal celebration the Empire has ever seen. He, for one, promised to lend, his energies to the task of putting the Premiers in a posi tion to make this possible. He passed lightly . over the financial question, but spoko at: length ou the Federal Judiciary, which he thinks, if created, should be charged with the dual responsibilities of interpreting the Federal Constitution and of acting as a final tribunal of appeal from the various Supreme Courts. He protested against the suggestion that the Federal Court would bo inferior to the Privy Council, and affirmed that the materials existed in Australia for forming as distin-: guished and powerful a Court of A ppeal as was necessary. An Australian judge had been sent to the Privy Council, and great as were his qualities, there were other equally distin guished Australian judges who might be sent if necessary. Under those circumstances, surely they could constitute a court here. This declaration was cordially applauded. Mr. Symon objects to the suggestion that the appeal to this court or to the Privy Council should be optional, and remarked that though there was a Court of Appeal in South Australia, composed of the Governor and all the members of the Execu tive Council except the Attorney- General, no one had gone to it for nearly 20 years. The Federal Court, which should be appointed by the Federal Parliament, he thought, should be the one and only final Court of Appeal for all Australia. Mr. Symon is anxious to secure a wise and well- balanced Government fit for a free p_eople*^On the question of the franchise he thinks the first e;ectiou must be by the present Assembly voters of the various colo nies, while the Federal Parliament itself should deal with the matter eo far as the future ? . is concerned. He could not sea why there was particular solicitude at this stage to force a similar franchise to that enjoyed here on the women in the other colonies. They must pro ceed on tho lines of least resistances and 'not unduly press this matter. If the Federal spirit is fairly well housed in the tabernacle of the Federal Council, he argues, it will ba so also in the templa they are about to erect, although it is founded on a broad franchise without exact uniformity. He thinks Sir Richard Baker mistaken in de siring an alteration of tho system of govern ment. 'I am for responsible government' Mr. Symon declared definitely, and that an nouncement was received witli cheers. He clings to tho English model, which he considers the freest under the suu. Again there was ap plause, and Mr. Symon admitted that it is im possible to eradicate tho idea of government by party from the Australian mind. The Ministry, he thinks, should bo responsible to one House, and he believes that America would have adopted this idea if it had been as well understood a century ago as it was now. They fashioned their President on the King. If they had to do the work again they would, he thought, and ho quoted Fislt and Bryce to prove it, model him upon the Premier. 'Which?' asked Mr. Peacock, and Mr. Symon answered 'All,' although he admitted that it would be difficult for one potentate to combino the excellencies of the Premiers of all these colonies. As a hint of the trend of American thought he pointed out that the members of the Cabinet had since the civil war been allowed to sit and speak in either House. In Hawaii, he added, the President was dismissable by a vote of no-confidence of one House. Mr. Symon expressed the hope that he was not in a minority in the South Australian delegation when lie urged that the Federal Government should be responsible to the Federal Assembly. The Senate, he thinks, should be sufficiently powerful without having a voice in tho Go vernment. Six members from each State lie considers sufficient, and he hopes Mr. Higgina will be in a very small minority when he tries to prevent each State from being equally repre sented. The Senate he would have elected on a popular basis, although he sees advantages in tho election by the various Parliaments. Ho would leave the power of originating Money Bills with the House of Representatives, although he would give the privilege of amend ment to the Senate, which all agreed should have the right to reject a Money Bill. To prevent amendment, therefore, was to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel, as, indeed, legislation would be facilitated by grant ing the right of partial veto. 'Even if the Senate cut off half the taxation-required it would be better for the Government than losing alL 'You give the Senate control over the Government,' said Sir George Turner, and Mr. Symon replied that control would be exercised if the Bill were rejected. ' No, ' in terjected Sir George, and Mr. Sytnou urged that tho way was left open for compromise. He would federate railways, posts aud telegraphs, as he thiukB in regard to the first this is the only way; to prevent cut-throat rates. He does not think an Inter-States com mission would work at all smoothly. In con clusion Mr. Symon averred that lie will be pre * pared to accept the Constitution though it contains some things ho fought against and omits others he fought for, and he commends to the Convention the words of Benjamin Franklip,' We will doubt a little of our.owninfa^li,bilityandput.our,n^5i}fs^o the „ Jnstrument.',;. I^is /the glory of s^tjgpiauahip ? to construct.and ha, fears no failure,',-,^ the ,-J .. -Convention succeeded it would bujla jto^anew .j.-und beneficent power in Austrjelja.'iwiij^1, would s, . be great in .civilisation, great in ^beWurts of peace, and greater etill in the -cbmfpyi i and happiness of the people. So at 5.35 p.ri-. he ? . ? sat down, and Mr. Holder secured the adjourn ment of the debate. r .'??' The standing orders were suspended, and a : . -motion was passed giving four days' leave of ' . absence from the beginning of the session to the West Australian delegates because of distance arid two . days' leave to Mr. W. A. Trenwith on the score of ill-health, This woe moved byMr:Holdefand:Becond6d'byMr.Deakin, arid at 6.-37 p. tn. , after a long and' wearisome day, the Convention adjourned till next morn ing fit 10.30 o'olook.' ??-- ??'???? - 