BLADYS : A WOMAN' OF By S. BARING-GOULD, M.A., ; Author of "Mehalab," "Court RoyaJ," "Xn the Roar, of the Sea*" "The Broom-Squire," V "The Pennycomequicks," '" Urith," "Dart moor Idylls," &C.;,- &o.;'V,/ ; ,r' :1 ' > [Published by special arrangement with the, author. All rights reserved.] : : . ■ Chapteb VII.—(Continued.). _: On pur macadamised and steam-roiled roads we spin along as if on ice. A hundred; years ago travelling on the king's highway, was slow, laborious, and painful. A. short journey sufficed to resolve the lily-white .human body into a purjile and yellow mass of bruises.. ' Fpr the first half-mile, to keep up appear ances, the postboy maintained a riipid pace, by constant application of, the whip and by much objurgation; but as soon a3 the Stewponey and Stourtdn Castle'.were out of sight he re laxed his' energies and the horses perfectly understood that no more violent exercise was required of them. . Their master's carriage, its springs/its wheels, its axle > were' td .he/con sidered, and they subsided into'their normal pace—one .which a lusty man might have -sur passed by exerting himself in walking. >■». . " The riioofi is rising,?? said Luke Francis. "See our honeymoon." : If so—it presaged si cold and cheerless state. . Through the trees glimmered a sallow-light. The sun was setting; and: setting in torn '.and tattered doud, but it * diffused; light sufficient to render', the lesser orb wan and ghost- lure. She appeared as lifeless as the bride. - : ';- s r Ppposite to the rising moon Was the. sinking sun, like: Hercules in his'riven robe of -Nessus, all shreds'of blood and fire, His-face was like that of the bridegroom, flushed with triumph and passion. , "1 have been for five years seeking about to find a wife and unable to get one,"; said he. "Dost know the.reason?; . She evinced no interest in the-matter. - She neither spoke nor ldpked towards him. You will discover iff good time. When we come to Shrewsbury you will come to . know my mother. She has a will. Have. you - one? I doubt it—so' much' the better. -.Yoursub mission will cost no clash, give no pain. Come, wench; your band—aye, and-1 will have-more —a kiss." • ... ■■■; .... . . ; ^ . Bladys'recoiled from him, - withdrew her hand as he extended his and thrust-her3 behind her. . - : "Shy, are you?' he laughed,:;. '.-Bah:! we must have none such whimsy- whamsies now. I should have supposed that in a tavern every trace of sliamefacedness had been -laughed 'out ■ of you. -But women are made up of pretences. You are affecting that which by -the '.nature of things you cannot have.": -.->■> • * - She offered no remark; - •; ■ "Come now, Bla; by-heaven, I will have the hand that is mine." " / --'-'f. -. ' He made an effort to secure it. . " Let. go," said she hoarsely. ; It was the first word she had spoken. ' .J -. ■■■■/:. r » He tried to kiss her. v ■ ' Tbecarriage lurched and he was-flung back. " Do not.' touch me!" she said in the'same unnatural voice.. •_ ■ • -: "Ho, ho! Giving yourself high airs.. -That will never - answer with me. I shall have a kiss." • He laid hold of her shoulders to twist -her ■ about. - \- - "I will take them," said he." -"One—two—. twenty—a • hundred. The - more I -take the more you resist." I , " God help me!" through her teeth. "You fool!"-mocked he. "Do yon know witF whom" you try .your petty opposition? No;.but you shall' learn that soon;' "Mark you, wench, it is best that you submit at once. :£)all.noton God." ■ "Heaven has not helped - me—I -call oil Hell." . . ' Then it was that a strange ' thing took place—something that made Luke Francis ''.quail. " . • v - ' This was none other than the sudden .appa rition of a small, black, half-human figure, that emerged from the.boot, as. if .in' answer to the invocation of Bladys. It; mounted the. little shelf opposite, facing the. travellers, :■ blinked, drew up its gums',' displaying white fangs,hen uttered a low strange guttural growl. It looked at Bladys and put forth a long aim and Bpread forth a black hand. •• • ' • . •: Neit her Francis nor Bladys had seen or heard any thing - of" the* Savoyard a'nd- hie 'monkey. The sudden vision in the .carriage before them , turned their hearts to stone; ' .They conceived that before them was an evil spirit.- - Instantly recovering himself - somewhat Luke threw open the window on his side and yelled.to the postboy, "For God's. sake, stop! Stop I" ■ • ■ i -; ■ This was just after the carriage had reached a'Smooth piece of road and the man had-urged the horses to a fast trot. He now reine'd them inbut without waiting for the -carriage to be brought to a standstill -Francis had flung him self out and holding the open door ran along side, crying— - . •;'• ■ ■ '! "Stop, boy ! .What is it?: In the name of everything that is holjywhat can it bo?" - The postilion; succeeded in. arresting the horses. • He descended from the saddle- and came round to where Luke stood;- - ■ Within; - cowering in the .extreme corner,y; was Bladys, her white face faintly discernible, like the moon, and her hands uplifted to shut out from her the sight of the imp that-she had conjured up. The imp was mouthing and jabbering. It stood up, reseated itself, drew up • a chain, sh'ookitj and dropping it tinkling again.- • "Tt is a devil,"-said Francis.;-; ■* '. • "It is the monkey," laughed-the postboy. "Whoever would have supposed.it -hid con cealed itself here ?" . "Ainonkev!" -.•••■ : ■ - ■■ "The Italian's Jacko, about Which he raised such/an outcry." '/ ;-'V J" A monkey ! Is that all? Then Til drive out the pestilent beastforthwith.'' ; ../A£ once Luke put'his hands, to the- creature, hut the ape flew at'hup,, bit, clawed; screamed, and Francis "found some difficulty in disengag ing himself/-He cursed and shook his hand, ' that bled—he had been bitten- in the'thumb audhhe lappet of his holiday, coat was torn. . y. "Deliver;!" # ' A deep voice in his ear. . . - - . ■ ITrancis started back as one electrified; He saw surrounding/him five men, masked, . with swords ai their sides and pistols in their hands. At once, aware that he had todo with highwaymen, he made a dash to enter the carriage and f'get possession of hi .firearms. But/the man.who had spoken thrust himself in the'way, ihterceptiri^liiiii.. "No," said he. "You have saved us trouble by leaving the coach without obliging us to stop it and .invite : you ■ to descend. 'Deliver without ado and go on your: way with the girl." ■■'. ' ' "I have nothing,?' said Francis, recovering self-possession, but speaking m surly mood. / ."Nay, that will not avail with us.: "We know ycu." • " You know me ? -Who. am I?" : : ' The men laughed. / • . . Have not you not been -married to-day ? Have you not got your wife's-dower with you? Fifty pounds in'gold and the rest in silver? You see we know all. "That is what you know," said Lulce, with something of relief in his tone,- but -also with a spice of mockery. ;s ■' " What more would you have us know ?" . "Oh, certainly, nothing more.V : You have;the money.with you maleatlier wallet -Pardon me, Stewponey Lla,-if -I-dis turb you and excuse the ■ intrusion - on yoft at such a time. : I must obtain possession of that bag. ■, Hold him, two of you, whilst -I search the interior of the calash. And you; Number Nick, point the pistol to . his- ear and-if he make a movement do not scruple to blow out his brains::- Unless I. am vastly mistaken the bride will not cry her eyes "out to lose him." Luke bit his lips. • But for the apparition of the ape he would not have left the carriage. Had be been in his place before the: horses could ■ have been arrested he would have had time to get the pistols and when the mem came to the door he would have- shot two-;of. them dead. That wretched monkey had'been the means of delivering him over,unarmed, unable to offer the least resistance,'.into their hands. . ■ - - . "May I request you to step out?"/said one of the highwayman to Bladys. - . He offeredbis hand. -V. .. . :' At once she descended from the carriage a** stood in the road. ' - - • . Francis looked around, him. The carriage bad been drawn up where the highway crossed a, tract i of sandy common1-strewn with yhin hushes and dotted with birch trees, the former black as blots, the latter silver-trunked and feather- headed. In-the rear was a sombre belt of wood, probably Stourtori Forest. The man who had handed out Bladys now entered the calash and removed'the. pistols and .th'e bag ' that contained the money. / "These," said he, banding the firearms to one of his ■ companions, " these barking irons are more likely to render service unto us than to the gentleman ..who has so kindly brought them here. Now, sir, unless the captain lias any more commands/for you, when it pleases you to go forward we will not interfere with your will." . -i The sun had disappeared. A yellow-halo hung over the place where he had set,"-and the moon had-mounted above the : mists.and dis played her orb:. lustrous as burnished silver. Every birch trunk stood out as a thread of , moonlight. "My JackoMy Jacko!" called >a;voice, and up came the Savoyard ' out of breath. "Where my Jacko? Mo thought him with .carriage. He clebber—me run !" - - • The man paid no attention to the masked footpads. Nothing concerned him" save his ape; At / his voice the creature'"that was cowering on the ground. uttered a scream of recognition; it had arrived- at the conclusion that it was safer with, its master than else* i where, It ran .to him. and Jetvppii cpn'hi»| shoulder.: ■ ".Comrades," shouted the,man who acted as leaderof 'the hand,' "a wedding -party this— • and no dance.-' That should never be. 1 am . sorry,v my.; good "sir,' further ' to :delay"- y6u,'; : but such ah occasion 'as ' this is not of nightly occurrence and it is a maxim in life to seize opportunities as they pass—take apurse , when you; can, stop a coach when there is money in the mails, and foot it when there is a partner to be. hadi Here we have a smooth turf as ahy parquet; a.musician with his instru ment; and the bonny bride herself,_ with whom I shall do myself the'honor of opening the ball. 'Hun someone of you and constrain IS'anNorris ■ to cornel .By Saturn, Meieury,' and: all the gods of Olympus I I would another carriage would arrive sHat we might provide ourselves ■ with a lady apiece." . ; Two men held Lube .Francis by the arms . and one pointed a pistol at his head. He was unable to resist.'. He was constrained to look oh,-quivering with rage, gnawing his lips with vexationl '1 Bladys. mechanically obeyed the captain , as, he ordered her to come forward upon the turf. The-Italian turned the wheel . of his^hurdy-gurdy and fingered the short hone •.-.keys.,- p-' / . Then' the monkey, hearing the familiar ■ strain add supposing that it was expected to . go through'its wonted performance, somewhat. ., reluctantly^descended from it perch and begau to dance. • • \ ■ Presently up came the only disengaged . highwayman, - bringing, with him a young ,woman. T'- : , j" Hah,": called, the captain, "fall in as . welb" \-- She;-, stood opposite the man who -had . brqnght her, .and.so they danced in the moon . light .on the sward—the two", highwaymen, the , maidens, and as a fifth, the ape. • * . ,TKus, cHey :danced ; to the grinding of the hurdy-gurdy/, till suddenly Bla of the Stew • poney sank on the grass uncpriscious. (To li continued.) 