LADIES' COLUMK' - ^ - \- ? : GIRLS' DRESS, WITH FIVE-GORED SKIRT.' ; (To be Worn With or Without a Guimpe.v j The charming little dress, which may lie worn with or without a guimpe, is here pictured mads of Nile-green India silk. The waist is arranged over a lining fitted by single [bust darts. and shoulder and under-ann peatns. . The back is laid in two backward burning plaits at sach side of the closing, the {plaits reaching to the shoulders; and the ifront is arranged'in four downward-turning jtucks a little below the neck and gathered at Ithe top.-and bottom; drooping prettily over a (wrinkled girdle that encircles -the Tyaist. The igirdle is narrow at the front and deepens in ipointed bodice style at the back, where its jfrill-finislied ends, are closed. The low neck ;is finished with a frill of the material in two jsections thatnarrow. toward the front and back iends; along the joining of this frill a frill of ilace is arranged across the front and carried ialong tlie arms'-eyes to the under-arm seams with the effect of jabotted boleros, giving' a .touch of noveUy that is very pleasing. The ?short puff sleeves are gathered at the upper 'and lower edges and a" short distance from .the lower edge to form a large and small !puff; they are made : over smooth linings.'. 'The frill about the neck and the tucks are .trimmed with ribbon. The five-gored skirt is gathered slightly at the top in front and jat the sides and closely gathered at the back. [The bottom of the skirt is decorated with two iribbon-trimmed ruffles of the silk headed by b narrow silk niching. -The skirt is joined to the waist... ... ! The stylt; is exccUont for silk, lawn, iorgan'dy, mull, dimity and tlie liosfc, pj;,' (summer fabrics that require a trifling.amount .of lace edging or ribbon, and sometimes both.' [to produce q.dressy,decorative;effect. (Ruffles .of the rriaterial are.also effective. A dress of .white' organdy figured with tiiiy pink-rose^' .buds'niay be made up-by the pattern, and' .mounted on-a lining of pale-green lawn. IFrills of white . Brussels net edged with iMechlin lace and green satin ribbon may iprovide tlie'trimming. : Messrs. Carolin. and .Co. have Buttericlc's pattern No.. 0,064 in eight sines for girls from five to twelve years old.- ? To make the dress for a girl of eight years will require five iyards and three-fourths of India silk, twenty .'inches wide,'with a yard and three^fourtlis :of lace edging live inches and a half wide. .Price of pattern, Is; posted, Is Id. . i [Under this bead we will be prepared to Jreceive and answer," hs'faras possible, any in iqairies which our subscribers may be pleased to cend in,' addressed'under cover, to " Madge," ;Advehtisek office.] . I have received from A. H. Massina and Co.,; publishers, Howey^streefr, Melbourne, a copy of the seventh edition of the " Austra ilain Plain Cookery-Book." ' The price "of jtho book is "Is, or by post-Is 2d. Tlie recipes jdo not involve the . use of costly Ingredients lor expensive culinary utensils and should be jtherefore specially useful to housekeepers 'with small incomes. Many new recipes have ' been added to this edition. ADVICE TO MOTHERS. ' Never allow children to sleep at night in any garment that they have worn during the day, and too much attention cannot be paid . to the ventilation of the night nursery, as pure air is very essential to both health and beauty., When at the seaside collect the brown sea wreck, the kind whose fruit vessels pop,' boil : tliem in a saucepan bf sea water until the water becomes slimy arid gela'tiuous, strain off the liquid jelly, and bottle it, and it will be found a very strengthening thing to rub tlie weak spines or ankles of a delicate child with. When a baby is suffering, from colic it is best to lay it on the right knee, putting your right hand at the back of the neck and the left on the stomach. Warm flannels placed across the little body often give great relief. Never allow anj' one to frighten your children; as it may lead to fits, or the child will grow up nervous and wavering. Goblins and ghosts are by no means subjects to figure in children's stories, as they are apt to cause.restless nights and bad dreams. Teach ycur children to breathe through the nose. If children could only be taught this from an early age, there would be small danger from incipient catarrh in later years. This should really bo made part of a child's physical education'. If a child reaches the age of one year old and has not cut any teeth, there is gowlfreason to suspect that it is being improperly nourished, and medical advice should .be sought so that rickets, if possible, may be avoided. During the first year the average gain in the weight of a.healthy baby is rather more than twelve pounds, and in height eight or nine inches. Remember not . to talk to a young baby too much. His brains arc j ust as weak and undeveloped as his body, and what his, small mind needs most is rest. Too much talking to him is a tax on the brain, and beyond his strength. Eyesight is one of those things which we cannot-afford to tamper with or put off at tending to. Care in time often prevents the necessity, for painful operations later on .in : life, and even in cases where an operation has to be performed it is easier and safer to have ; it done while the child is young. Swimming is an excellent exercise for boys and girls'; and 1 helps to expand the chest and develop the ? muscles of the body. . FAULTS TO BE AVOIDED. Most faults can be overcome by the exer cise of patience and diplomacy. Gentle per suasion, judiciously applied, will v/ork won .ders in 1 most cases, but there is one . fault ; with which it is almost if not possible to igrappley arid that is, obstinacy. Obstinate ! ppople simply do not care ; they have their j own: ideas and opinions, and however wrong 'anderroneous they may be they cling to them,. : and. take pride in hearing it'said of them that . they never change ! To a certain point, it is i a very good thing to have our own opinions, land not be swayed to and fro by the first (breath of opposition or disapproval, but it is ?even better to be able to realise when we are ;in the : wrong, and to gracefully admit that jeyeiybody Is" liable to be mistaken, arid that Jwe are | quite willing to modify, our opinion. . But 'to say that black is white, and stick to it, 'simply because we are so governed by obsti Inacy and conceit; that even though we know we are in tlie wrong we will not admit it, is ?merely to show that we are stupidly ignorant; ;Persuasion, gentle or otherwise, is of no avail, and the simplest way is- to let the dis ciples of obstinacy keep their own ideas and take no further notice of them. . To be successfully wretched one must have a certain measure of self-love. Wounded: vanity is a "more potent faculty and a more -subtle source of trouble than we sometimes imagine. The over sensitive woman who is .always feeling slighted and neglected, who [thinks her acquaintances and friends do not ;treat her as well as she- deserves, and who goes: about her home with a tearful, injured lair, is not as uncommon as we wish she were, iIN othingshould be more resolutely discouraged jin children than this touchiness of disposition, which'is easily affronted, arid which is after jail only a form of inordinate selfishness. We know young people who are so marred by this I peculiarity of cliarivcter that in talking.villi jthenione has.always the feeling of a sailor (among quicksands.- There is no predicting' I the unseen and unexpected shoals on' which j the conversational boat may strike. Unhappy themselves tlie=e victims.of morbidness make others unhappy, and go through the world without having the good timesjto which every honest arid conscientious person is entitled. THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN. " Parents, in training their children, would do well, says a" noted author, to bear in mind the following hints : Please be very careful how you criticise the effort of.your child. The clipped wing never grows again. Please make it a matter of conscience never to mislead your child ; he is a traveller newly arrived from a strange country. Please not to be too ready with the rod. A' "niule cannot be made into a horse by beating"/v *" ;; Please to respect the secrets of your chil dren ; neverl.worry them to confide to you. Have patience, and all will go well. Please to allow your child, as his world widens, to have opinions of his own. Let him be a personality, not a mere echo. Please have faith in God for your sons and daughters.- According to your faith so will it be unto you. Please to reverence your child-it is your child and God's. Treat it as it becomes you to treat a being holding such a glorious in heritance. Pie ase to m ike your home always home. ;'Let it be the centre of .attraction to ^youi'; .children. Let them feel drawn, to you'ntid Ifca itjlike the needle to the polo. ; ',. ' : "'.USEFUL BINTS. " 'To starch.inuslins arid transparent fabrics ! to look 'like new without being too stiff, re Iquires care and swift handling of the articles.; To a quart of wateF add-a large teas^opjifid: of starch moistened to a paste 'dissolve'a' .little white curd soap in warm water and add. ;Then soak the article (dry) in the starch, wj-ing it orptess it in a dry cloth, and wrap" iifc in'another cloth for an hour before ironing. For lace, isinglass may be substituted fo.r thp; . starch it gives a clearer result'. A £ej»:.-drqpS; !of gum arab.ic added to the starch has the same effect, but stiffens the article a little more. '. ': For keeping flowers in water, finely Ipowdered charcoal,, in which the -stalks*-can be stuck at 'the bottom of the vase, preserves :them surprisingly, and renders the water free ;from any obnoxious qualities." . !\Yhen; cut flowers have faded; either by being-,worn", ar iwhole evening in one's dress 6rasa'^u.qupt^ i by cutting h'aJf-an-inch from the end'of,;fliQ-> stem in the moi'ning and putting the freshly brimmed end instantly...into quite boiling water, the .petals. ..may.be seen to become smooth and to resuriie their beauty, often iri.' a few minutes. Colored flowers (carnations, azaleas, roses and geraniums) maybe treated, ill this way. White flowers turn yellow. The thickest textured flowers amend the. most, although azaleas' revive : wonderfully.. 'Flowers that'have lain tlie whole niglit on a table may be perfectly renovated by liiea'ns .of a cupful of hot water. ? . ... ? 