DR A VIATIC MEDLEV. | An entertainment or strictly speaking dramatic medley, was given in the South Tarra Hall on Saturday evening last, by the Misses Barbara and Olive Sisley, of 50 Darling street, South Yarra. There was a large attendance, tTie hall being tilled with a very representative audieace which had been drawn together by the very attractive programme that had been arranged for discussion by these very talented young | ladies, who had allotted themselves quite a I stupendous task in carrying out their very ' diversified compilation of elocutionary and ; dramatic items; Miss Barbara Sisley contributed two recitations ' Tbe Ballad of Splendid Silence,' and ' The story of a Faithful Soul' (the latter with piano accompaniment) in splendid style, while her character sketch '' A Burglar's Grievance'1 was very cleverly executed. Miss Olive Sisley recited with great pathos 'Sool Music' (with piaBO accompaniment) and Tennyson's ' Dora,' rivetting the attention of the audience throughout both pieces, while her costume recital from Mark Twain 'My Lost Dog.' character sketch ' Mrs Brown's Nisht Oat' Enabled this versatile young lady to fully display her capability to convulse her audience with laughter. Two Shakesperian scenes ' Borneo and Juliet' and ' King John' were admirably staged, in the former Miss Barbara appearing as Juliet and Miss Olive as the Nurse, and in the latter Miss Barbara impersonated Hubert, and Miss Olive assumed ths character of Prince Arthur. Both pieces were very intelligently interpreted, and the Misses *islty not only exhibited a clear conception of their parts, but showed themselves gifted with true artistic skill and hiBtronic power. The concluding item of the first part was devoted to a farcial interlude 'A Sensational Case,' Miss Barbara appearing as Mi as Martha Jennings, an inquisitive old maid, and Miss Olive as Miss Winter, an aspiring anthorese. The whole character of the piece was extremely humorous, and the different situations pourtrayed evoked muoh merri ment. The last item on the programme was a comedietta entitled a 'Physical Research,' in which Miss Olive as Edith Adair, and Miss Barbara as Gus Clavering, reprdientatives of an anti-ghost society went through all the trying phases attending on spending a night in a haunted house. Miss Carabel Cane contributed a well executed pianoforte selection 'Polonaise in C Minor* 1 and was also equally success ful in the pianosolo ' Carnival,' at the con clusion of which she was loudly applauded. The Misses Sisley must congratulate themselves on the great success they achieved, and we feel confident that a very bright future lies before them. A Great Injustice is very often dons because some self-assertive people imagias it is next to impossible to make an error. Shakespeare most have made an analytical study of tbe human heart before he uttered these warning words ' Man know thyself, then others learn to know.' This is a lesson we should all try and perfect ourselves in, and when tbis has been done we bave to face tlia significant fact that unless we cultivate good health, prosperity and happiness cannot abide with us. Hollo way's Pills will aid us to do tbis. The most eminent medical men agree that for tbe preservation of good health aid cure of disease there is nothing to equal them. ' Paps, who owns these parka?' ' We do my son,' replied the little boy's father ; ' we, the people. As a pert of the people, James, we have a right to cocsidet ourselves the 1 owners. It is a glorious feature of i our form of gore rn men f, my boy,' he i continued, his eye kindling, ' that the people are absolute All titles thus come from them and will finally revert to them The will of the people is the supreme liw By the will of tbe I people this lovely park has been reserved and set apart for ever as a olay ground, a breathing place, a common — our common. Here we have a right to come and rest from the toil and worry of life. We are on our own soil. To breathe this pure air, my boy, to stroll at will through these lovely ? '' 'Halloa, there!' shouted a harsh, imperi-m voice, ' Get ofF that grass, will yer, or I'll run ye in !' It wai the voice of the policeman. The other man must have been mistaken, somehow, in his views on parks: 