WILL AND I. I had been sitting at my desk fora full hour, engaged in the laudable occu pation of doing nothing. In spite of my trouble, what wonder then that I drifted off into reverie, and my thoughts re verted to sadly plelisant retrospect? J Once more it was winter—the sunny New Orleans winter—and 'Will and I were together. I recalled the hours passed in reading and writing and mu sic; the drives and walks and theaters. The most minute and trivial incidents recurred to my mind, and I found my self smiling at the recollection of a cer tain long, narrow, phenomenally dark passage or alleyway on Royal street, up .which we glanced one night, and which •Will, with his bright and quick sense of humor, immediately christened “Jack the Ripper’s court.” | This is not a sensational story that I am about to tell. I warn my readers in advance that there is nothing star 'tling or wildly romantic in it. From start to finish it is a simple “o’ertrue tale.” And yet it was romantic too. There was a tinge of romance, after all, when Will asked me to become his wife, to marry him in secret. We had been betrothed for a year, and he was far from strong. His health was under mined, anu a horrible fear oppressed him that he would be taken away. In the prime of his manhood, with life and hope and happiness all his, it was an aw ful thought. “Constance,” he said one night as we stood on the moonlit gallery, with its luxuriant rose vines and the great yel low roses clambering up to shake down their showers of fragrance in our faces, “my darling, be my wife now I Why should we wait, dear one? There is noth ing between our lives and happiness but the bugbear of poverty, and I shall have a fortune when I am 80. I shall be 30 next September, Constance, if—if I live.” Something in the sweet, tender voice made me glance up swiftly into the brave, dark eyes. Beautiful, tender eyes, where are you now? Where are you today, O Will? Hidden away forever from the sight of my eye3, from beyond the clasp of my arms—gone, gone—I feel it, believe it—to that Beautiful, veiled, bright world, Where the glad ghosts meet. Something in his voice made my heart ache. “Why do you speak so sadly?” I asked him. “Never mind the fortune, Will. I care nothing for that, if you are only spared to me.” ; “I know it, dear, tender little heart,” he answered softly. “You are the only true woman in the world, Constance. •But I wanted to tell you (I am supersti tious, I admit it) it was prophesied that I shall die before I am 30.” “Nonsensel” I cried sturdily, “that is sheer superstition, and it is very wrong to believe in it, dear. No one knows the future. I would never think of that again if I were you.” | I tried to smile as 16poke—to shake off the strange feeling that would oppress me, try as I might—but all in vain. Dio before 301 My true hearted, noble Will, iwith his sunny smile and tender dark eyes! I would not believe it. It was j absurd. So I laughed at his fears as foolishness and tried to make him for get. But he was far from strong, and that one glimpse of what might be in store for us—the awful parting that might come—made me decide. So I promised that night to become his wife at once and “in secret and silence,” as the old song says. , Everything was made ready, and on the following night—the night before his departure—we were quietly married in a quaint little old church in one of the retired streets of New Orleans. And jWill and I belonged to each other for time and eternity. ' The sad parting came next day—and he ’vent back to his northern home, while I returned to my work, brightened only by the hope of meeting in the sum mer at quiet Long Beach. I am not a superstitious woman. I had laughed at Will for his own dread of the supernatural and his belief in a prophecy, but we had not been parted a whole month when something very cu rious happened. Will had written to me every day, such dear, sweet letters that they did my heart good—kept it alive, in fact. i But for those letters I would have given up my hold upon hope and would have succumbed to despair. But one day no letter came, I felt a strange sinking at the heart—an awful sense of depression; darkness gathered over my life. Snspense—hope deferred; these are the two emotions which serve to kill the human heart, to darken and blight existence. That night I went out on the little gallery where we had pass ed so'many happy hours. The moon was bright, and one star shone in the blue vault, above my head—one that Will had long ago designated “our star.” My jheart was crushed and heavy. I stood leauing against one of the col urns which supported the gallery, the ..scent of the roses that he loved floating all around mo. And as I stood there, something—a hghtjtouch—faEjinon my |< shoulder. A cold breeze crept over my check, like a breath from the grave. I turned my eyes, and there before me in the cold moonlight stood Will—my husband. With a wild incredulous cry of delight and rapture, I flung my arms about him —only to grasp empty air! No one was there! Will was gone! I fell to the gallery floor and lay there like a dead woman. When I opened-iny eyes, the moon was I shining down upon me, just as calm and cold and imperial as ever. I struggled to a sitting posture and gazed wildly about me. What did it mean? I was not at all superstitious, yet I felt that I had seen my husband that night, just as truly as I had ever beheld his face in my life. The nest day—no letter, and the next, still no letter. Oh, the anguish of hope deferred! The time had come now for me to go to Long Beach, as I had promised him. I would keep my word—no matter how hard it might be, I would go there. If he—if that hideous prophecy had really come true—at all events, I would keep my promise—my last promise to him. So I went. Oh, the long, dreary, inter minable days, with only the monotonous waters before me, the blue, blue sky and golden sunshine always the same. It made my heart faint and sick. I had written and written letter after letter. Still no response. I felt that he was dead. And no one could tell me, be cause how could his friends in the far distant north know aught of the south ern woman whom he had secretly wed ded? And so the dreary, endless days dragged by, and I still lived, heartbroken and helpless. I will never more laugh at superstition, never. Last night I saw him again. I had gone down to the beach in the moonlight and walked slowly and sadly up and down the white stretch of sand at the water’s edge. All at once I saw another shadow mingle with my own upon the moonlit beach, I came to a halt and saw at my side—Will. With a wild cry I attempted to grasp his arm, but there was no one there. I went back to the house and passed the night in pacing up and down the floor like a mad woman. Today is his thirtieth birthday, or would have been, but I feel that my darling is no more; that the visions I have seen wero warnings gent me of his fate. Would Will have ceased to write me—me—his beloved one—if he were alive? I believe that I shall see the phantom once again, and then—then—I shall go, too, for I feel that it is his spirit that has come back for me. So I have been sitting herein the morn ing sunlight thinking of the past. Can one wonder greatly that my pen lies idle and utterly refuses to produce the love tales of others? Is not my own love story as sad a one as I can ever write? I hear the sound of wheels and glance listlessly from the open window at my side. A carriage has stopped before the gate. Two men are assisting a third to alight. They are bringing him slowly up the walk to the house. He is evi dently very ill. Why does my heart throb so weakly? I am too weak to stand—to take a step forward. Oh, I will not allow myself to be deceived by mad, vain hopes! They reach the house at last and as sist the feeble form up the steps of the broad gallery into my presence. Oh, pitying heaven! It is Will—Will, pale and spectral, a weak, frail invalid, but Will all the same. It is some time before I fully recover from this trance of happi ness, and then the truth is made known. He had been very ill with brain fever. N o one could write to me because they knew nothing of me or my address, and he was raving in delirium. As soon as he was able to attempt the journey he had set out to return to me. It was all ended now—that dreary separation. Upon his thirtieth birth day, oh, so happy and hopeful, my Will had come back to me, never to leave me again! “I shall never more laugh at any one for being superstitious,” I said the next day, gazing into the deep, dark eyes of the loved one so happily restored to me. “Thank heaven that my superstitious fears were not realized.” I have never been able to account for that strange illusion. To this day I can not make up my mind what it was that I had seen. But it was not Will’s ghost, and that is all I care to know, after all.—Toronto Mail. 