Story column. THE URAXGfiLANDS WIIOST. Original for the Bulletin, By Archibald Birt. CHAPTER III— Continued. When, some minutes later, Gelfroy opened his eyes, it was to see John For tescue and Dan vers leaning over him, from whose faces there passed a look of anxiety to be replaced by one of disgust aud loathing. CHAPTER IV. | John Fortebcue'b Story. When* Gelfroy threw Fortescue from the Sandport jetty he was not drowned, nor was he taken by shsrks, he merely swam ashore. He could only imagine his would-be murderer to be a lunatic, but he determined to give the man the satisfaction of thinking that he had suc ceeded, especially since the present seemed a very fitting opportunity for carrying out a scheme over which he had long been meditating, and to which he had referred in the letter to Miss Flet cher, which, it will be remembered, was found in his writing-case and became public property — to M disappear' and become a member of the working classes. It did not occur to him that the letter would convey the impression of intended suicide. He ' disappeared' then, and for two years worked — and worked very hard— for 'a living, and ended by serving before the m.ist on a ship bound for England. Immediately on reaching England he went to his father's old friend, Colonel Ross, to whom he related the history of his past two year- . With him and Mrs, Ross Fortescue drove to GrangeUnds on Christmas Eve, intend ing to %»ve his friends there a dramatic surprise by walking in while they were at dinner. While waiting in the garden his attention was attracted by the drag ging of a' chair along a balcony, and looking up he saw a man's figure stand ing out again st the light from a window. Though he did not recognise, him there appeared to Forteseufe to b« something unpleasantly familiar about this map} buo when he sat down nhd leant forward to shield a match from the wihd whilst f he lighted his pipe Fortescue |iiMJ;'-i^ud- den rush of recollection, and lie saW Gel froy's face just us he had seen ft once - before on the Sandport jetty. Before he had time to speak, had he wished so, the gong sounded within, and withdrew, leaving Fortescue below^ffe— solving many things in his mind,' Hav ing gone round to the stables to recoil- ; sider the position of affairs, ho calme across a stable boy, from whom he learnt th it Dan vers was among the guests. - By the aid of the boy and a maidserviint he sent a message to Dan vers, whose de light at seeing his old chum John, whom ' he had so long looked upon as dead, may - ~ ^ be more easily imagined that described. ^ ~ Between them the two young men hit upon the plan of frightening Gelfroy from the house by appearing as ghostly v ictors of hit crime. Danvers approached Miss Fletcher with the suggestion £h*U Gelfroy should be asked to occupy the ^ -haunt*} room, to which Miss Fletcher, who had no liking for Gelfroy, easily con sented, ana Danvers also obtained for himself a share of the adventure, simula ting intoxication in order to deceive Gelfroy. As soon as the latter wns asleep Danvers gave the arranged signal to Fortescue, who was waiting outside, and they went through the performance already described. When Gelfroy came round from his faint Danvers and Fortescue stood over him while he dressed, and then escorted him to the front doo**, where with a few words of advice as to his future move ments they parted with him. ? * * In conclusion, 1 may add that none of us who were guests at Grangelands that* happy Christmas have ever seen or heard of Gelfroy since. Miss Fletcher is now Mrs. John For^ tescue and makes a pretty; foud wife to him. I of tea yisit^feheirbeauuful home ^l5;:;thoi^h' :jie- ? ? * -- dated those^ ^wo yeArs of commoh tpil and to have benefitted by them, he bas ? no intention of bringing up Job n junior otherwise than as tits the position of a landed proprietor. Grangelands is no longer haunted— - that was the last, and probably the first, appearance of the ghost, THE END. 