The Ft'dcml Convention. SPEECH BY MR. JOHN HAYNISS. OifThuraday evening Mr. John Haynea, M.P. for Wellington, delivered an addres ia sup* port of his candidacy for the Federal Con vention, from tho balcony of the Crilorion Hotel. The Mayor (Alderman Ha> Ci) occu pied the chair, and, about 250 peoplewere present. Mr. Huyacs was very scathing in his denunciationsof the plutocracy of Sydney and tho legal fraternity generally and several times his remarks brought forth interjections and interruptions from the crowd. He scored of these) hqwever, with more force than eleganco and towards the close of the meeting tho speaker had the Held to him self. Mr. HAYNES said although he had never represented Wagga he hud won many sup porters in this district beause ho had fought for the interests of the interior as against thecentralising influences of Syduey. There was too much power in the city and he had so far as possible tried to solidify tho country members to look after tho interest of tho in terior. He came before them with the credential that he had ulways fought for tho interests of the country, and had never beeu beaten. He was thcreforo confident that he would be triumphantly returned at tho olection on tho 4th March. He had re E resented Mudgeeand Wellington,and had een returned on each occasiou by an in creased voio, and that wus a prenf that he had done his duty to the people whom had been elected to rep-esent. There l<«i. f when he came to the larger electorate which (he Federal movement created, he felt that he had tho musses with him. as they always stood to a man who stood firm and true to them. He had all the influence of tho plutocracy of Sydney at rayed against him, but he thought the 4th of March would show that the people of this colony would no longer bo controlled by men who had been reared on the fligstonca of Sydney. The first question in this movement WHS how would tho people in the coun'ry stand In it? They would find in all the speeches that had been delivered they heard about the mighty empire, the greut defence, and the unity of the people, and similar sub jects, but they heard nothing about the great question of whether they would have the power given to the people of the country. They hud been fighting yeur after year for an advance iu the land tax question, and the right to miue on private property, and they had only got those measures after a hard struggle. Vet the people were as far off in some respects as they were 15 or 20 years ago. There was the Mining on Private Property Bill, which they had been fight iug for so Icng, and which the up starts had opposed with their talk of the unalienable rights of property. Those upper crusts (tho lower crusts he called (hem) claimed to own tho minerals in the earth right down to the big oven. But now they had got that bill (a Voice : "And now it wants burning."). He would deal with the men who had opposed that mcasuro and put them on the scales. If the objection to that bill had been so strong ia their preseut Parliament what would be the effect when they had a larger con stituency of 40,000 or 50,000 people. If they took tho larger constituency of tho proposed Federal Parliament they might liave 10 men elected, not one of whom was working in the interests of the people. In such a constituency what ohance would a man of ordinary means have? It would handicap a poor man who could not afford to travel all over it and compete against the rich man. Before he went into Parliament he had beeu 10 years on the Bulletin when, as the people of Wagga knew, he had fought for the masses. His idea of politics was that it was a continuous series of battles for the mass^B. Here in Wagga they were slaves, they were hemmed in by land which they could not touch. (Hear, hear.) A man could not go to the river to commit suicide without running the risk of being prose cuted for trespass. In this federal movement he was not going to move until ho knew where he was going to land Some men who got elected, when they came baek to the townt were effected with opthalmia and could not see their old friends } but as the election time came round their eyesight al ways got clearer. But he Ctime there with a record and would if represented fight as he had always fought in the past for the masses. Thaymust see that not a particle of the power they had won was given away, He would be a traitor to them, if he came to them and talked of a mighty empire and a mighty moonshine, while plunging his arm up to the elbow in their pockets j he would be a traitor if lie asked them to give up the grand foothold they had now won. They had fought the battles of vote by ballot and manhood suffrage and he was prepared to elect a federal Par* Parliament on those lines, but it must be on lines which gave the parliament the work to do, and not who c the parliament g*ve the people tho work to do. Was it not a fair thing, therefore, to ask them to give him their votes when he insisted that tho Federal Parliament should deal only with continental subjects. He could talk to them by the hour about tho federal machinery and other things, but he would take them behind the scenes, and show them what really waB going on. . Was it not a strange thing that those lawyers of Sydney who had been friends of Sydney millionaires were all out trying to got a Federal.Parliament, because the one 'hoy had did not do their work. (A voice : No, they want a bigger job.) Yes, they wanted a bigger job. Were they aware that in the Federal Court of Ap peal there w-rc billets, one of £7000 a year and two of £4000 a year? He was not opposed to the lawyers, because that would bo to say they had no sense. But he liked to get them on the piatform, where they were as easily pulled to pieces as an over boile'd chicked. Ho remembered reporting a case many years ago when a notorious burglar had broken into a lawyer's residence and the upshot was in an hour the lawyer had robbed the burglar. That lawyer was out now for this eleotion (A voice : So is the -burglar). 'Well, he had not ^iven the man away, but ho had done so himself. Mr. Wiso was a lawyer who represented tho Demo csatic constituency of South Sydney and he (tho speaker) had caught him saying he was not in favorof nunhnod suffrage. Would the\ vote fur him? (No. N».). Then there was Mr. Barton. Could they tell him any one thing ho had dono in the interests of tho people? Sir Joseph Abbott was their Speaker, and a very em>d Speaker too. He put a short advertUumout in tho paper to say he was standing, but ho would not come to those men of Wapgi. The pcoplo wore masters, and tho politicians were servants, and it was tho fault of the pcoplo if they allowed tho politicians to bo the masters. Next was Mr. R. 15. O'Connor, a person ho was well acquainted with and whom he vory much respected, but he had never had the courage to go to the people. Could any man tell of a single instanco where Mr. O'Connor had fought against the upper crust and pluto cracy of Sydney V Wheu the. Alien Labor Prevention Bill was before the House Mr. O'Connor proposed an amendment which would have enabled them to bring in the colored races by hundreds. Ho was a smart man, but if ho canr.c on the public stage he would toast him alright. There was not a man moro arrogant or who had so strongly fought for the upper crust as Mr. H. E. O'Connor. Then there was Mr. Bruce Smith who when ho wa% drawing £2000 a year as Attorney General said it was a monstrous thing to givo payment of mem bers, hut when not in office liar] gono quiotly to the Treasury in tho dark to draw his salary. Mr. M'Millon was nota lawyer hut ho ought to he one. He wasadeeont man but he had to deal with him. He gave no man uny quarter and expected none. And Mr. M'Millan would talk to Ihem and in terest them by the hour about federation but ho would not tell thorn how they were to get thcc. Federation was like a steamer in the river with nognngway toget on hoard. Mr. McMillan said one of the grand things was that the Federal Parliament crmld denl with tho climatic conditions of Australia. That meant it could arrange to bring in the Chinkio. tho Kanaka and Jap'innsi»tocnmpotc withthcirown flesh and blood. When Kanaka* first appeared iu Queensland they said it was because it was too hot for ihc white man to work there, but on tho burning plains of , Egypt and India it was not too hot for the 1 whito man to fight thebaltlcR of tho rich man with the bayonet. Another man he would refer to was Mr. Lynn. At Bathurst several days ngo Mr. Lyne suggested that tho Senate should bo elected not on their manhood snfferaco, but on a property quali fication. Next Mr. Millionaire Walker was coming to servo the people. Mr. Walker found tho people hid come along too fast lately, aud had made the rich landowners of Sydney eoatributc aomothiug to the taxes tho country, gv uow wutvd a new Pa^ liameut of (on men in which t^e democrat could not titt He had said in his address they could have an army to muvo about from time to 'ime to put down risings of their own people. Was he (the speaker) not right to deal wiih that man ? Mr. Walker also eaid this federal schema would oaable thorn to take off tho income tax and land tax of the big pooplo of Sydney. In Europe 450 million soldiers were sweated >nd tortured and carried the knapsacks, but only the upper crust could be officers. In Sydney Sir George Dibba had started the old guards-the very old guards ho called them-and in that body overy officer had been elected by pre*arrangement from among upstart politicians insido and outside of Parliament. Then Mr. R. A. Price found he had no uniform and formed the rifles, and there every blessed politician was an officer and only the people were soldiers. Another army was appointed by^Mr. J. 0. Neild, who appointed himself mdjor-gencral on the spot; had had his military title painted on every box ho owned, and gone to England before ho had attended a single parade. Ho was glad, however, to say they had one man who had stood to the peoplo, that was Mr. Frank Farnell, who found when ho appeared that he was only a bom* bardier. Mr. Farnell would have none of it, and hod told them to go to pot. Was ho not right in showing the people the seamy side of the whole army business? All that schemo about the army was of a pieoe with the roat of the humbug that was being talked to the people. They had been told of 400,000,000 Chinkies coming down the coast, but the people were not on, and after the Chinkie had got (angled with the Japanese they said see the Japanese were coming. Wore they to be gulled by ghosts on the water like that? He would next deal with tho Federal Senate. In this matter he would show them again those men he had mentioned iwere only masquerading. They said that Tas* mania should have equal representation with this colony-that 50,000 men should have the same voting power as 270,000 men in this colony } was that equal representation ? It was opposed to manhood suffrage and vote by ballot, and the power of the peoplo. In their Upper House the only qualification necessary was that the members had been rejected by tho Lower one. Ho was pre* pared to insist that every bill of importance should go, not to the Chamber of upstarts, but should go to the eoveroign power of tho people themselves. There was a great fight going on at present about tho federal city. He proposed to havo it cither in Wellington or Wagga. A more magnificieat site than Wagga did not exist. Of course he said that in every town he went to. It was satire. (A voice : That's not genuine.) No, it was satire. The inter* rupter did not know what it meant He thought it should be like a chunk of i damper. The people of Sydney had been I built up by the money taken from the ' people of tho country, and now thoy found the people had taxed thosebig property holders they proposed to give a Federal Parliament to tako off the Land and In* come tax. (A voice: What about Cardinal Moran?) He did not wish to offend any* one, and all he would say about that matter was that he thought the Cardinal had made a gigantic mistake in coming forward. In j reference to the waterworks here, he would I ask if the country paid for public works in | Sydney why should it not pay for the publio works here? (Hear, hear.) As the matter stood, if they would take the elec* , ctors' right and cut the size of a twopenny I stamp out of it that would exactly represent I tho power they had got, and the rest would I represent what the Federal Parliament would got. Would they S'.and that? He would challenge any man to point to a single instanco where, during his twelve yesrs of parliamentary life, he had turned his back on the masses of the people. He would therefore ask them on the 4th of March to fight for him as he had fought for them, and ho ventured to say he would come back to Wagga and find that every friend h& had retained and every foe he had turned into a friend. Mr. Haynea then offeted to answer any questions. A voice : M Are you in favour of a progres sive land tax ?" Mr. HAYNES : He did not think it was neoessary. He believed in a land tax abso lutely which would break up those big esta tes, which were a disgruoe to them. A voice : " If returned to the Convention on what lines would he work?" Mr. HAYNKS : He would give to the Federal Parliament the continental work. * It would be madness to go beyond that and he would give them no power of taxation what* ever. Question : Are you in favor of handing tho railways over to the Federal Govern ment. Mr. Haynes : "Not me." Question: Aro you in favor of fomaie sufTcruge ? Mr. Haynes : No. The battles of man aro to be fought by mu-cle, nob muslin. He had a great reBpecb for woman, and would improve their condition by improv ing the of man. Question : What payment would he give members of the Senate ? Mr. Haynes : Nothing. But ho would givo i lie Lower Houso something after a time beoauBS they would come from the masses. Payment of members was necessary to allow tho poorer meu to enter Parliament. There woro four men in Parliament who were opposed to payment of members, and he knew they had on one night! passed a bill which gave them £26.000 apiecc. A vote of thanks to the speaker was movod by Mr. HEYJDON and carried by ac clamation, but on someone calling for a vote Mr. Haynes himself asked for a show of hands of thoBe who wore in favor and who opposed to him. The Mayor deolared this carried, practically unanimously. A vote of thanks to tho Mayor, and three cheora for the cause of the people of New South Wales, terminated the proceed ings. 