ENGLISH AS SHU IS SPOKE. BY ]Ir<;it VKRNON. ' It. was in one of Australia's many | inland '^mining towns that 1 happened to he stopping for a holiday, not. that. 1 had in anyway a. passion lor mining pursuits, but being an ordinary humdrum clerk in a. city oilier whore the hours were long and the Work monotonous, combined with a small salary, I I bought that, by taking the. advantage, of a friendly visit to an old aunt of mine who kept a public house on flu; gold fields ; I would be combining a changc of surroundings with an excepiable small stress on my nurse, as 1 knew my aunt—good old soul--would not only give me board and lodging tree, but would take good cai c that I spent none of my own money in regaling myself at that salubrious locality. The scattered dwellings as well as the scores of poppet heads .stamped the place, as unmistakably one of promising mineral wealth, therefore the usual mixed crowd of gold seekers were there in abundance, English, Irish, Scotch, Russians, Swede, Germans, Italians, Yankees, as also the inevitable saffron faced chow ; and to watch the different customs ol the various nationalities was, to me who had never been outside city life, vastly instructive as well as amusing, that to watch minutely the mannerisms of each continental or old-world individual, is to find as much difference as there is between tlu; proverbial chalk and cheese; and being occasionally behind the bar giving my aunt a helping hand, I held the reading as it were, of each customer's character at. a glance, and it. is as easy for a fox to pass himself off as a sheep dog, as it is for a man to disguise some parts of bis nature when the wine is in ; let him act as he will and if he does you can sum him up as either rogue or fool, a few more glass then you can prove for a fact one way or another. However, it. is not to moralize on the Kaleidioscopie chai acteristics of drink that I pen this narative, but to recite the peculiarities of the British lingo, and in no place can you hear the vagaries of that tongue more openly expressed than in the bar of a Pub. There had been a sad accident during tne day at one of the mines, Jock Adams, a young fellow of about, twenty-five years of age had—through one of the many mishaps that are always possible to workers of the underground—been killed. lock was a shining light in many ways in the townships, for not only was he foremost in cricket and football, but was known to be the only support of an aged mother. The news had not, reached town until the evening, and as I was dusting the bottles on the bar shelves, .after tea, the news was told me and I believe 1 was one of the first, to hear it. It happened thus:—An old man came in and asked for a brandy, after pouring out a double dose which he swallowed at, one gulp—like as if it was castor oil and he didn't, want to get the taste-— he reached for the matches and lit his pipe, he took a puff or two then he addressed me with " Sad thing wasn't it?" " What's sad," said I. "About Jock Adams," he replied. " What about him," I asked. " He's caved in," lie answered, " Caved clean in, chest and back smashed," " Panned out alright for about an hour, then caved clean in," guess his shaft's bottomed in this here world. Sad ain't it." I was about to reply to the sad news when in rushed Tomlins the baker. " Here the news Bill," he said addressing one. " About Jock," I queried. '' Yes poor lad," replied Tomlins, "His cake's doe," "right in the flower of his life too." Just then the billiard marker poked his head through the pidgeon hole that led from the bar to the billiard room and speaking to the room in general, sang out, " I say chaps, Jock Adams has " thrown a seven," then turning his head, " a brace to go sir, makes you fifteen." " Yes," lie continued to us again. " Thrown a seven, and spare- mc-days when I seen him last night you'd think bis main was good enough for a hundred. Then they say there ain't no such thing as luck," and here he resumed his marking. Two or more had by this time entered the bar, and one man asked, from nobody in particular, what the marker was talking about. The'blacksmith, who was standing among the crowd, informed him that Jock Adams had been " measured for a wooden suit." "What," replied the questioner. " passed in his checks, you don't say so." " It's a fact all the same," echoed a wizened faced little man in the corner, " he's shuffled off this mortal coil." "Well I'll bed d," said an old prospector, " Jock Adams pegged out." "I've known Jook," said an old resident taking another pull at his long beer, " since he were a boy, and to think he's 'given up the ghost,' is enough to make a man—yes please mines'* a long one—drink." My aunt entered just then, wearing truthfully a look of sorrow. " Have you heard the sad news W T ill ?" she said, "Poor Jock Adams has gone to his long rest." " Yes," I informed her, " it's the main topic now, but I see Father Murphy in the parlor, you had better see what he wants." " Mrs. O'Flynn," said the worthy priest, shaking hands with my aunt. " I will not detain you long, 1 came to tell you of a sad accident, .lock Adams is no more." That black, being thief of an ab original, Billy, our wood and water Joey, was passing the .street door at the time, and seeing me behind the bar, poped his woolly matted head in, and said, " Hey, Will, you been hear itn." "Hear what,? you h coal, hear what 7" " .lock, you know, h down longa klicit, run been dead. nip of '4 feller, pleiidty, Irir sit he I couldn't, help smiling in spile of myself, but, before, this ebony son of the, soil had time to clear, I called out, " Hilly come hero ; what's your drink'.' I'm going to shout. For darn me, though you are a nigger, for a brief explanation in true Morrell. You have, this evening undoubtedly taken the bun." 