THREE WEtllD ADVEN TURES. f hey were talking about terrible things. Thoy; wero all young men, and one of them bad just finished a atory of a man who had been scared to doath by a ghost. Not ouo of, tbe party would own that he believed in the supernatural, but tho whole crowd was agreed that there are thiugs ' that cannot always bo accounted for. Finally they got to talking of aotnal experiences. The outcome: was that there were threo stories told. All of them wero vouched for. These are tho stories UNDER. THE BRIDGE. Some years ago in 'Somersetshire a young m«n drove out into the couutry to see his sweetheart. At midnight he started home* ward. If was a dark night, but tbo young man drovo a pair of spirited horses and made good time until he reached the outskirts of bis homo town. The only way he could get homo was to drive along the bank of a river and then pass under a bridge that spanned it. When he reached tbo bridge it wa3 so dark ho naturally vlowed up his team. ' To bis surprise, wheu he started to arivo under the. bridge bis team showed signs' of not wanliug to go on. He allowed the horses to ' have their own way for a time, und then seeing ' they did not seem in clined to go on ho commenced to urge them. Still thoy did not go on. He was patient for several minutes, and theu made up bis miud that the hones must proceed. The team, however, would not budge a step forward, but when urged seemed iucliued to turn around. This move could not be made, however, without great dangor, as tbo carriage wa8-too near tho river bank. So, after seeing that he was not likely to do much good from it, the young man alighted and went to tho heads of his horses. To his greut surprise he foand both unimals wore in a foam, ond then he kuew there was some reason for the strange state of affairs. They were plainly frighteued. He soothed them as well as he could, and then ho tried to urgo them forward. They snorted with terror, trombled in every limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go ahead. Bub the young man had to get home. He got in front of tho horses' heads, took each animal by the bit, aud started to back into darkness. His baud seemed to reconcile tho horses, and they moved cfter their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but they did move, and as they went tbe man cheered them. Step by step the man and horses went along. They finally reached tho blackest part of the darkness, the man still walking backward and pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly ono of the horses gave a wild snort, rearod high in the air, aud came near ' getting away front his master. The mau turned, and as bo did so, to his terror, felt himself struck iu the face. It was not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to cause him to cry out, more in fright than iu paiu. Then he reached out in the dark to grasp the thing that had struck him. His had fouud it. It was — a human foot. A mau had banged himself from the bridgo, and his body swuug just over the middle of the roadway. How the youug man reached his home he never kuew. His hair, howover, did not turn white, nor did he become a raving mamao, bub, although he has lived in the same village ever since, he has never passed under that bridge. THROUGH THE NIGHT. Two young men once lived together in the northern suburbs of London. One of tbem was iu love with a girl She didn't care for him, but he didu't know it. Solle went ou aud on keep ing in love. One morning about ono o'clock one of the young men came home und fouud his room-mate who was iu lovo in bed as nsuul. The youug mau sat down and read for an hour, and theu ho went to bed. At nine o'clock next morn ing he wcko up, and to his surprise found that his partner hadnotyeb got up. He thought it was strange, but supposed that the young man knew his business and would get up when be was ready to do so. So he dressed, and was just about to leave the room wheu ho thought perhaps his room mate was oversleeping himself. So he spoke to bim. He got no response. Then ho spoke I'.^uiu, this timo loud enough (o awaken auyone who was asleep. . There was no answer. Theu he btrpped to the bed and gave his partuer a shake. There was no mistaking tho fact that the man waa dead. On the table in the room was a note telling why tho foolish fellow had taken bis own life. He had fouud out that the girl did nob care for him, and that settled it with him for.all time. Tho man who had slept with tho dead body gob over the frighb he had re ceived in timo, but 'he often wonders why ho did not see thn note his friend left for hiai tell ing him of his act and why ho had killed him» self. A DISSECTING-ROOM STORY. The teller of this story aud another student were to do some work in the dissecting-room. His friend was not ready to go to work, ao ho went in ahead aud prepared himself for the ghustly job. It was lute at night, but this is uot supporod to make any difference to medical students, who aro not, us a rule, troubled with anything like a squeamish feeling. The young man was waitiug for his friend to come, and whs standing ou tho slab on wbich rested the ?? subj'eot ' on which they were to work. Scattered about the room wore various things which shotted what the place was used ior. The stu^i-nt was smoking. He was'thiukinj? of no thing in particular. Suddenly he heard a grat ing noise. It was slight, but unmistakable. At first he paid no atteutiou to it. Theu, in u dim sort of way, it occurred to hiin that it was a rat. Presently the noise grew louder. Ho looked around him. It seemed to come from a corner. He listened closely for tho noise, and then be was sure that it canto from that corner. He looked cloiely, aud' then lie thought ho saw some movement in the corner. He stopped closer to tho spot, aud then he was euro there was something there that was alive. Still, ho was not frightened iu the least. He was a bravo young fellow, and was inclined to investigate the thiug that was causing him so much guessing. But iu another instant ho saw something that was startling. 1 A skull was moviug out of its place in the corner, and was slowly coming over the floor towards him. It was grating along, and the sight and sound was moro than tbe young stud ent was able to endure. Ilis bravery vuuished, , he gave a cry) fell to the floor in a dead faint, and us ho dropped a huge rat scrambled from j under the ghustly thing and scampered to its hole. | Tbe young man got over bis fright in a few ! weeks, but he adopted another profession. 