AND PMtjI. 5, g, F. A ell, in CajR&enj;' MiectRany. IN TWO CHAITEE& CHAPTER I. John Tbompsqn;date-(riot yeijy'Jate) sergeant in Her. Majesty's 200tb, now coachman to ColoneTOxeaden, also lite; of the SQOfo: wow of the Grange, Paddrtitem, Hdpshire, m harrying i towards Thrtidowir Hall, residence of gqoire Lomax, two miles .away, with a , note. He eras, harrying as fast as his: portlineqs aodtbeice-bound toads wonld let rim," partly to keep -himself warm,: ind partly beoanse -it was past twelve o'clock rnidfow, and upon bis leaviqg the Orange" gataea strident female voice hid commanded himto be On no isocount lite for the femfly mBftl at one. ' " John Thompson had passed the 'Gol den Ball Ian'— a rare performance on ins part— and had bat a few hundred yards to go when he saw sauntering from the direction of Thrudown flat) a tall, good-looking man of fi va and forty or thereabouts, with whose figure he teemed %d be" familiar, and so heiiiftedl the ootaJrom Wb left hand to his right, and prepared to give the military It is a1 email world, and asJobn Thompson got nearer, he said. to him-" self: Bleoeed if It ain't !— But no,- it can't be. Bnt It is ? Blessed if it ain't "the black capting 1'. The two- figures met, . Thompson, being in a hurry, would have passed on j with a salote.bnttbe other stopped him with > cheery ' ' Why, Thompson, who'd have thought of running across you here 1 What are yon doing f 'Coachman fat Colonel Ozenden, sir,' replied -the old /sergeant at stiff atten tion. ' The deuce you are ! Why I didn't know he'd come to vegetate down here. Well, how do you like it I He was considered a hard -one, wasn't he? ' He kep' up the name of the regi ment, sir,' replied the sergeant. ' Tes, yes, -of coarse. Well now, tell me ebont yourself,' said tbe "captain, crossing his leg, and leaning on bis stick with the air of a man ready for a Iohg chat ' Perhaps yon'll excuse me, sir,' re plied the sergeant ; < Tve a most par ticular note here to deliver at the 'ell, sir. The mistress is took with tbe in fluenza, sir, and they can't come to the ball at Squire Lomax's to-morrow night.' 'Dear me 1 I'm sorry for that. I'm staying at the Hall for the ball, and I should have tried to meet the colonel again after so toany years. Any answer to tbe note f 'No, sir: Least waye I hadn't" orders to wait for one. Bat I had oughter be getting on, air, with yonr leave.' 'Give pie the note. " Tm going back to. lunch now, and the squire shall have it directly he cornea in.' ' You're very good, sir, thank yon. It wonld save me a quarter of an hoar.' So the sergeant handed the note to the captain, sainted, and was making the right-about tarn when the captain laid: 'Ob, I say, Thompson, dont eay you've seen me. Til drop in and sur prise tbe colonel — perhaps this after noon.' ' Very well, pr. Good-morning, sir.' And back he trotted, much relieved that he wonld be -in time for dinner, and wonld four stave off the emptying upon hla head ,«f the viols of Mrs. Thompson's wrath, which nothing ooold excite more effectually than tbe . spoiling of a dinner on account of an punctuality. But for. John Lomax the world in this corner of Hopsfaire wonld - have jogged very drowsily and uneventfully on sto road." Although riot ' tanking with, or pretending to tank with the established Hopehire famlliee— that la, with people Who having lived on the eoil for. a few generations, regarded every more recenf iaiTiysl M an in truder, be -did a "great deal/more for his neighbourhood than did most of the elect fwfoejre.'Bleaeed wifoapemple fortnnB, be made, tbe beet ewe it— - ooutriboted to the well-bting andhsp- piceeeof a|l proupdhim. Hence, the. two dances lie gaveduring /the winter, aeuon were affaire of a "great deal more than local importance, .and local caste was annually - regal ated by the fact of having been jor not naving.oeen invited to thwn. ' 'Colonel and Mrs. Oxeoden and party': were, ofcouree, regularly in-, vited, and as tbe Oolond and foeSqqiie . end their respective tedi«B though .living irifoin two miles of each other, clow friends, Am regret of the Colonel and Mrs. tdenttBring diaappointed wt the last roinote were as genulnuas foat of (be tiqutre 'toffi'Mrs.' Lomax that foey/fould «ot come. . The pooc.thing baa /ievidently written teote Aram faerHck-toquy remarked Mra.! Lomax. .'-She .writes so Ivwiii'lfoilf arnie,and tbtais atll Hhe'is'w pm welcome per V party," greatitiendx her husband's, IfejtefoiffbttL' eomew wefaavewone ftomeuyreen'riwTVMi body worth knowing for miles around was there, end the ptigbbourbaod teas famous for pretty glrla, Altbongh it -de plored, in common with most rural districts, 8 paucity'ol yonog men. The music was good,- the floor was good, the room was well lighted, all the .company - .danced, and the aid: house, with'ite nnmbetless books And tartars, was admirably adapted' fbr these be tween dance, etwblch"are the most fatal UrtsTpr . fosceptible jytintb. Major Cliffordbad arrived hariy, and with that eaae which foe" social "side of mifitwy life so generally teacher/Was very koon as much at home la this room .full of people whom faefaad .never . seen in his life before m« native of- the soil. Stay— there ' was .one person ! with whom heseemedto be acquainted. This was a etylish woman of between thirty, and forty, whose face, which had been beautifol, bore oppn it that Impress of hardness and indifference which wo emlycomea aftalifein fop. world- W"hen Clifford entered - the room she saw him, and the colour fled from her cheeks in "an instant: "When he saw her, heraised his eyebrows and smjlU very.' digbtiyj hut inwhitigly- He was after wards introduced to Mrs. - Endurby, bnV be did not aelcher for a| dance, npr "did t«ey mdet agafo during ! -the evening. The principal , jipjeft. of Aft attention was .the fiqoirey yotidgesf danghter, Hetty, a pretty girl bf eighteen, who was endently as mnch attracted by th£" quiet, weU-bcad talk and manner of the Grange representative, ae he was impressedbyher'charms. That he had already danced with her three timeg, 'and the night was yet yonog, had .not escaped thanoti.ee of Mrs. Xiomar, who at onco withmaternal solicitude, and wfth a wfse materoal air of indifference set to work fo find dot all abodt him.1" -In this ehe aigoaliy. failed, for she happened, not to ask the only person In the room who really did know aby thing abpot him," After M'jor Clifford's third wel'z with Hetty Lomax, he Ted her npstaire to one of tbe before alloded to elcoves, a daioty little comer, loxu- rionsly cushioned; screened from the vulgar gaze by artfully-arranged" green ery, and dimly lit by a quaint Japanese lantern. You most be very fond of tfaiB old honse,' be said. 'lam; I love it And indeed it -la an Interesting old place. - . I believe It le historical, bot I am ashamed. to say yon must not examine me too. closely as to tiiia At any rato .lt has a ghost,'. ' " 'Good ! One "of the countryTionee- ghosts, I inppose, mud said the major. - 'Party jo white, with , a pate face, sad eyes, and all the rest of 1 it?' " No, It is a man in a long cloak,, and he bannts the - landing outride mother's bedroom door." How interesting !' 'Do yon think so ? Well, I suppose . there's foo much of the New Woman in ' me to eee tbe fasrinetipn- of gboste. | But come mid see his scene of action.'' So the. major followed the girl hp the broad staircase, at tbe top of wbicb she tinned to the left, and entered a diinly- ligfated region of nooks&nd; cornets,' and eharp tarns, 'end rieps ' whi. went up, and others whfth went down, until she stopped opposite a door which- she; oproed, saying : This te motbey's jroom.' Major Clifford peeped respectfally into a iargefofty room, nosinall portion of which was opcopid by ope; of tiiose funereal beds 'in which -<mr anoestore lpved-to -entomb tiietoselyee with such' ceremony night after night." Otherwise .the room wis "rimply. the perfepbly- -appointed -eleepjog-charabor pfarefinpd Engliahwbman. " The, ghost cornea ong the passage, whispered the girl, witb-morik slrof; awe hnd mystery, 'enters. The room,, walks : up to the dreiqg-t»b1e ftl ! the , bowrwlodow, stands for a moment, / and walks back.': ' ' 4" '' ' 7 ' foe looked at her compsnipn ae'she spoke, and noting 'Ifoit TliB Ikeeh nark room, aid: - - - . - f- :r" » WiiMyX I see diDoer . omulaw, «nd-ilHVB imtnueci "« I aappase tbe gbostis eo far orth odox been -sees fcere ia 1 1 / H yoa£T0r«oenldinf aakodyie soldi 'w'jae.i f- he ' r No— bnti,r music, and liyartqerJrill !»/ bmttiogs fwr me hii ;atril -lowf theylay&ifepfog;: « We areenged fornumber fifteen, .sepewkted: "On tfaeeva of unmber fifteen fianoe, i mmmmm majnhomng.: w . j-:. ; '/ ; <; — I mean you have 'met bar .before this evening f' arid the girl when .they were seated. - The major bowed affirmation. Who je she V ' Wife of Eoderby of tbe P. W. D. He's on the frontier. I met them at Dumdum three or fbor years aga Why ,5do yon ask .f . . ' Beoanse she has been asking about you.' . - . . 'Welir 'And of course all I could sty was ,tbat I had never-met you -before "tins evening, and that you weke staying at" Colonel Qxenden'a.' ' 4 ' Does she iniow the.colonelP | 'No. She is the "And Party "from j the Towers at Crashford, That fat man' and the florid "woman are (hBr introducers— Mr and Mrs Carnegiei We don't know much afloat thtm.-bnt mother always asks them to one iof ong. dances. Now," Major Clifford, don't answer this queetion nnlesa you choose, and don't thiok me Impertinent for Bak ing it Has she any pu- tichlar" reasoii ' to dislike youT The major examined his shoes, and "did not reply for a moment Then he; said : 'She ought not to have— certainly: rutt But why do you ask f ' Well, there was something fo the tone of her inqdiries about yba, not in what she actnally 8aid, whlch made me wonder,' replied the gift ' What did she say T ' _ 'She asked who "you were — who ' that cavalry- looking man was, ehe put it, and bow long yon bad lived in. these parts, and -what you were doing now : that yon had left tbe service. ' "Left the service? Who told her I bed left -the service? Well, anyhow, there's uotbfoy very epltefol fo aH"that' . 'No. Bifo ae I fold, women alwa.ya; judge what other women meaii, not from, the actual words they ; nee, but from their way of saying them.' ' '"W/ell' 'JCi' LoDda eo far from, baving a spite against me, Mrs Endprhy- ongbt to regard me as a -very, great' benefactor, although Th'aykp vo'sjhld, ndt ' ' r ' ' - - - 'Wifly— did yon save her life, or what ?' -» No — I — er — saved something which is often mofoprscioas than life."' ' Will yon explain, Major Clifford ?' . The major, hesitated, as if baluicing in his mind the coarse he shoald pnrsae. Then,.; with saddpn mo'vemeDt, he, changed his leaning-forward posture for" au-areet position, -and -facing fall his1 companion, said : ' Miss Lomax, as Mrs Eoderby has- given yon the Ides of -bring spiteful to me, and she may possibly say something - spiteful about me, I must trice you iotq my confidence. Now please understand that only upon your assurance that what I aay shall go no. further, T wiU foil yon . what X know about Mrs. Endarby.' The girl gave the required assnraac& ' Mrs. Eoderby, was Very well known in India ss a woman who th'oronghly 1 meant to enjoy lifo and in Xndfo that is associated with a good deal that, in England is considered bat. She pre ferred the society of men— of a certain style of men — to. that of women, and waa known as the Gay Grass Widow everywhere, and entered heart and aonl into their pursuits. Wall there was s good deal -of high' play at 'the; station just then.' "' ' Card play, do jgm mten?' ; . . . . The Major nodde4 jS«4-kbntinqed» Men - can't / he '< blamed /forcyefoing/ excitement'vrifth theyro-ledlkiv'iS'' a fodAlimatek,'i batttlredk'td toifor ftom life j -nor cpfo withik tjoundg, bat . Mrp. Eufolby keiit the pace: At aay .ratr, ahevraa always at the baccarat teble;"knd !8lft'':wou(toc tm afraijl'Pm :Vsry WBfod,'isaidTth8 girl, -f VftAt'then f- :/-" : ' -. Wws: ,aod , «%tijfo?pf m Amm-mi: posed to play.. -- - : - ' ' Yon don't mean to aay that -she cheated?' - - ' I do. ' But, Miss Lom&x;, plea06 ," member-he'b.hPLlaQ r% qntey,ajvptfo'. , BheifowipBd Itiie cords, beoama-anfoher srontenj-innd is; 1 believe," -an- excellent wifeand la' iisft % honae, bnt,iu. srif-defonoe -T mnritfor,- pt?oource,Thetob pomrfototvii smefor re." ; After sopptpr. Jfotto- Lomax cameinp. to'hfoor-Oiiffofof;«nd said:"";1-" i fin gutii a drmdfri mght, they Jiam nfrald< tbPktode wffijbeitefikpdysrito ffipjr if -they Btayeddater.'.:: -r. - pnfoinmeCmna / "WbSnifoey met for: .?tt» dfPjjiwF directioa tbdagb if jbti iut told me.it was .a i' ' : 5": yaev/.jr": . i : ' - "» i'1, leave, and Hetty Lomax btard with genuine regret that i'kfo : leaving Colonel Oxenden'e tim;v>t,day for Ireland, for, elthoogh nofolag appraBcb- fog flirtation had passed "fowton tflem, be bad won her esteem by bisyinaffected easy manliness, his interestimftolk, and lastly, not perhape lesstiy, his perfect j dancing. And so, chaiged with nam- berless messages to .Colonel cqnden and hla ihvaEa wifejthe Mtjof w fenf oalt into the wild wfotiy night. . The party broke hp soon uftpf. bis departure bat the story cf Hie'eyfolng waa not qoite complete. Hefty Lomax could not get Un. Eoderby out of bw fojud, and, onab- conntably, «nth h.'she' aesomaftd the' feminine 'gboet': seen by. Major -Clif ford. Some impulse sent 'her flying up fo faer " mofti?r'« rfon whence' she. priteen'tly sppfored prie as dfofo, .and tofofo Jwrfo fef, pfut 1 fo", her father diacmmii the dance t ' Mother, -wben yoo changed yonr -drees altar 'dinner, Hid 'yon leave your' Beoanse they ate gone !' CHAPTER II. OOHCLtJSKitr. 'Gonel My diamonds gone' exclaimed Mrs. Lomax when Hetty had made her announcement. 1 Impossible ! who could have got in to steal them? People have been pasting up and down 'toe attire and about tbe passages the whole evening. Harriet must have put them away.' Harriet has never left the enpper- toom the whole evening, mother,' said Hetty.- Besides, you know she has strict orders never to touch your jewel- lery." 'I can't believe It!' cried the dis tracted Mrs. Lomax ; 'they most be eomewbere about. Oh I my beautiful diamonds which you gave nw when we we're married, John ! 'H they ere gone, I will never wear diamonds again.' And she burst into hysterical sobs and cries. They went upstairs, and sought high' and low. The servants were called rip and questioned : eo were toe hired waiters, and tbe cloak-room man. All In vain. The diamonds were not to be foood, and nobody conld throw a ray of light opon the fact of their disap pearance. What was to be done 1. fo was -nearly ' four o'clock fo the' morning. The soow was lying in heavy drifts all about -toe hoose, and waa still falling, eo that no traces of footeteps conld' be utilised. Useless to telegraph, even if a telegraph office could be foood open, and the only train for anywhere at this time of morn ing— the up London mail — bad left Crashford station an bonr previously. . Hetty Lomax had given her. word to Major Clifford that ahe would not repeat what he had told her about Mrs.Eoder- by, bat, patting tiro and two together — the fact tost Mfo. Eoderhy was already branded as a thief, that ahe had left toe honse suddenly and at - an abnormally early hour,, and. toe coincidence that thia vety night Ifojnr Clifford foould have eeen a female figure in the neigh- . bonrhnod of her mother's room, created so ch a feeling of suspicion' in foe' girl's mind that she . felt absolved from ber promise, and fainted her opinion. Her father and mother of coarse laughed at it, hnt He'tty 'perslstod, mid In reply to their questions .opon what grounds . ehe suspected a lady who bad tan brought; by:euch well-koowu people as ' the Car- negies,8aid: ' Because she baa a past— and T kno w it' " ' Bnt, my'de» girl,' said her fether, 'oven If we gruit that Mrs. Eoderby ik quite eapsMeof ooramittingegeh anact, and I am very far fromomjeeding foia it likely that ehe Would choose eoch an- occasion for oommittiog it? What possible opportunity fonld lady, very formli fo'requaBt bw llvelineeBgenefaifotsiu ve forgetfoig fob nDticsd tbto a bedroom T V ' ; : 'TheyefyJ fopt of fte .nnlikkftfoBe yrqpld :pcotect her/replied Hsffa:. 'fond; asfofcheraippgrinnity.— wdl'T'm not a praoticri thief; bnt Iwonld eoonfiod an ' oppfotifoifoqr doing vrhat I wanfodto' ctaspjLfoi' mm. iw" \- - Hetty 'riong to her opinion, hot the" pfofllem ph'w raxiugTier'was how. to act' 'bguidjL;: ,fofoTbwBr!B, and have a private interview . .witii -Mrs.' Eudorfly-waetoe oalyconpse <9»n, shut ebe h- no roof; toatrMra. - Endrirby/ barefaced an act wmdadbe>qtute ipady ' fo susw't ber-innoceoce without ' betray- ' fotiefoikdv krithtiirif fofoe too'forrible coanari, and dwjumg.-,, yant .want oo,«ndk>ota«Cnqinf a<rioe to the thief / of Mrifc lldmae ' toMmnda waa f oima; of foe matterMdjBroryrtepjwbiai In- gfoinfofoahpAmoneypay r-' : 'S- i "-fo""dfo«fofoteAfo:I«idiA Bufferrs, wag recalled to public notice by - - - Cfoffod-—i.h'e : rmuritottown and ronplfoispofPpiito— boested folt moved .fofofoepafo It did nift, Iqf aoM way, fouk Tt p'ersnaded itarif that it-Bid, whd foat waa enoueb for foi contentment of all. So, as every.ofoer town ofapy pretentions had agolf club, -It wks neoeesary for .Crotii- ford "toTite'fo e;T>n3 " Y coin mfttSe of public-spirited men was formed to select « rite for links. - ' -"Btne BrefofoTteptmim, a wild tract of lan'd,"iying.hBtwfon Tbrudown Hall and Crashford, was finally selected— a good ninehole coorse,some very sport ing bankeisj and easy of access to the" town At a'cerfctin 'point of the course, a feotpetfa, known to .very .. few' people, leadlqg from the HaH info Crashford town, cnt across, and just here tbe open expanse of : common was broken by a ' spionyj a oallection of tnes" growing ohwelyfogefoerjoaforcle outdf « deep- iah exefoation which bad in past times been a gravel pit. The outer pt tfaiB plantation' : bordered foe goltoautee, and foe hole : nearest, to if has, from the awkwardness of tills corner to all but accomplished . drivers, knowo by the euphonious asms : of the 'Corker.' Of course foe links hfo to be formally opened, and toeoccasion was to be cele brated by a match between two well-, known professionals, a members' handi cap, and a dinner at tfaB-tompqroy clnb-' house. Tbe -day fixed ems ideally April-like, and an ideal April day on common is not easily en rpaased. All Crashford neighbourhood worthy of consideration was present, and -the bright costumes of foe ladies, the red coats of the players, the cloud dappled bias sky, tbe sunshine, and foe. beauty of the common and its surroundings, made up a healthy, cheery picture which, would have inspired the veriest, misanthrope for the nonce to think well of the world and of all in it- The profeetiouals played their match with a solemn and tilent crowd tramping behind tbem, and cleared the Corker' with an esse and indifference which convinced every amatenr duffer present that ire could do toe same. The mem bers' handicap followed, and the' Corcer received a goodly tribnte of halls. In the gloaming a general adjournment to the ctqb "house Was made, -and there wrs a grand rash of caddies.to the 'Corker for the purpose of plekfog np the bells in the eplhny, to be arid at a cheap jate to the riob 'pro' who wonld doctor tbeur np a hit and re-sell toetn to members at eight shillings foe dozen. Suddenly an urchin who had penetrated farther into the spinny than his frilo we came rushing up, -breathless and scared, crying : 'There's a skelinton in the Dane's bole J' . ... Of course the rest of the youngsters left their quest for lost balls to view the discovery, and titers, at tbe bottom of foe excavation, they saw a heavily coated figure iyiog in an easy postoro of sleep, the hands throat into tbe deep pockets; end, as toe urchin had eaid, in toe place of an ordinary head, a ghastly grinning skull The news was- carried to the dub house, and a cro wd of members were soon on four way to tbe scene of the discovery. They found that the clothes of the recumbent figure, much weather stained and in' some places felling to pieces, enshrouded foe figure of a- tall man. 'Some poor fellow who must have lost his way during the winter storms and have fallen" into a enow-drift which here would .be twenty feet deep;' -ob served one man. \- Upon undoing the ulster, foeyfonod thet foe man waa lb evening dress, that he bed a gold watch and chain, eo That the skeleton was - dearly that of no ordinary night wanderer. Upon with drawing the hands from foe pockets, each was fbond to be tightly clasped over a jewd-caa& 1 ' MreLamax'ediamonds !' exclaimed p bystander,' a doctor. 1 renrttoiti; foem ; foey 'wgre loft open the ntt of tbe Deoember daoce." Tt wae.aW-" nble might, for I was; utarly snowed ujp myesll' " ' The ; question .which now natnrally yiggeated itself -was /Who WM jhe man?" There WaeUpofoet-bbdk In'foe coal; there was rmfoing Is it fo identify "foe owner, bnt fomw wee distinot evideuqe foat he was foe foiaf,Tn the shape of .V plan "of ; Th'rodown , Hail apprdarhto, bad et map of foe immediate heighbonr- hood opon which foeahortxmt to Craah; I ford across the oommon wes stroogly mariBBd. . In anottar "potoet s wBav> dutepRramme, foewtiianwiuah sine -barely : dedpbeible, tifooagh foe initials H. L. appeared mqee-foah once.r " 1 Then foe thief was eifoor a guest ot foe dmifoor Mmpfdlowhqhfld jrigged himself np as p gueBt, and who hkd by virtue of-hft rig got into the Jbpuse rotr «PBMBsbkS» Jaat obojfofos, ftmejof .,fomti>too!nty Colonel Gkendeu aod bis -wife returned to"' the 'Utaaige'feomEgypLand'thb four dd jWends, ;. -. "<Joe vernation fxmtoirily Xumad ttpon foeloes>Vmd "recoVxif .MriCLomax'B TtotosbtiuflgutoAte>hedbefti iibsing fti/ifoe ejghltourh rf IDs. tasked i i > j 1 guest here, who came to car dance as the representative of yoor party.' : .'Major C|iff<n"3 ! — onr goestl — re presentative of oor party 1' exclaimed the Colonel. - Why, I don't - know anybody of foe name, and we . had nobody staying in foe hows, at 'foe time.' " Mr. and Mra Lotqax and Hetty ex- Oxeoden, 'In your note of -regret, whifo,'<by foe way, T remember observ ing .was not written' at all in yonr Usoti hand, you said fhatosour card -of invitation was (narked -".and party," -yon hoped we would receive as your repreeentative ap old service friend of your hnebaod's, Major Glifford.' ' My deer,' replial Mrs. Oxeoden, ' I Could not have done eo, f or, as my hus band says, we kno w no : one : of fog name, and- there was .no one in'foe honse but ourselves. . . ' Well,' said the Colonel, ' there's i fenny -' misunderstanding somewhere. 'Lets send for John. He tobk foe note. S» John Thompson was rung for, and duly appeared. Juhn,' said his master, 'you remem ber taking a note over' to Thraddjra, Hall on -foe dsy when your-miatren/ was first taken 111 f , 'Tes, sir, replied foe coachman. I— I didn't take foe note all the way myself.' . Didn't take the note, all the way; ponraelf l What do yon mean F Why , «r, it waa this w»j. A few 'undred yards from toenail I met Cap tain Mercer— you "remember him, tir, wbat'uBed to be. of onrs. be were called; foe Black Captain ' Mercer 1 that blackguard 1 I eee it all now I' exclaimed foe Colonel Well, goon.' 'Well, tir, he said as how he was staring at /Squire Lomax's, and offered to tahfi the note In himself and -as I waa ina bit of a 'any, I didn't see no 'arm in savin' myself a quarter of a hoar, eo I give it to blm.' All right ; font will do. Don't be iasucha hurry another time/eaid the Colonel. 'If yon hadn't given npfoe note, Mra Lomax wouldn't have lost her dismondu' The crestfallen John sainted and left foe room. ' It's all as-clear as noonday,' eaid the Colonel. 'This fellow Mercer was one of the blggeft scoundrels Who net wuro uniform. Hejhad fo-send.tn bis papen at last for a lot of shady operations in which be bad been concenjpd — one he carried : off on Mra.. Enderby, wife of Bill Eoderi, of foe P. W. D,, about a horse, and another, which wasn't brought straight' home to -him, about foe imitation of s signature. I've never ieen him since, bat I heard, that he'd gone regulatly in for foe swindling and robbing bnsineee; and that he'd served; two or three terms for it' 'Oh1, what a wicked man! exclaimed Hetty Lomax. ' He paid me snch at-: tention, and I tbooght him qoite the nicest 'man at foe dance. Then it isn't true , what he told me about "Mrs. Eoderby — that he he'd found her out cheating at cards F 'The Gay Gross Widow cheating at; oardB 1 Ha, bs ! that's too tad ! laaghed foe Colonel 'Mis. Enderby liked a bit of fun as well as anybody,' aad went the pace in a ladylike 'troy,- bnt cheat at cards ! nob she !' Oh, how relieved I am !' said Hefty,. ' and what a narrow escape X bad of disgracing myself, by accusing her oT haying taken mother's diamonds.' ' 'Then this rascal must bays kqpt my safe's note,' said the Colonel, "re written it with fate own embelflfomenfe, ' -and posted it, for we dida'tget itfastU next monung.' ' Well ! well !' said the squire. It's an ill wind foat blows no good, apd foe bad weather at any rate relieved the world of a. villain.'' . 