The Federation Question. THE unlioiy riot raised in the Eastern Colonies concerning the nomination of Cardinal Moran for a seat on the Federal Convention, is the most evil omen which has yet confronted the Federal or National movement. The secession of Queensland and Western Australia, though in themselves serious drawbacks, were not fatal to the scheme, but recent proceedings in New South Wales tend to show most clearly that that colony is no more fitted for Federation than is Westralia or Queensland, if even so much. As regards Dr. Moran, let us first state the case clearly. At the request of many of his friends, corcligiouists and admirers, the Cardinal- Archbishop has consented, in his capacity as a private citizen, to becomc a candidate for the Convention. Mindful of his ecclesiastical position and the dignity attaching thereto, His Eminence has declined to take any part in the campaign, leaving the entire issue to the good sense and judgment of the electors. The Cardinal was a member of the recent People's Convention at Bathurst, and in that capacity delivered one of the most brilliant orations which distinguished the deliberations of that assemblage, and by his liberality and breadth of view not only earned for himself the admiration of the whole of t he delegates and the united Press of Australasia, but proved most conclusively his capacity for dropping the role of a Prince of the Church for tliat of an ordinary citizen, and for doing his duty in the latter position. Despite this proof of his capacity for the work he is no sooner nominated than the yellow flag is raised, and the ghost of King William resurrected. No matter in what language this action oil the part of certain ill-advised ministers may be dressed, the opposition just excited seems to be the direct outcome of religious bigotry, and to differ widely from the principles of civil freedom, which are said to contribute the fundamentals of Orangeism. It is not suggested that the Cardinal wishes to establish a State Church ; his fitness for the position he seeks is not denied : and not a living soul outside of a lunatic asylum supposes that Dr. Moran has any wish to subvert our present free constitution. The only possible reason, therefore, that can be raised is that there are certain retrogressive spirits who would like to revive the Penal Laws and deprive a large section of the community of their free exercise of their political rights. Now, if the Catholics attempt, to thus boycott any Protestant candidate what an outcry would be raised! And very justly so, too; but what is sauce for the Protestant goose is surely a fitting condiment for the Catholic gander. We observe with satisfaction that the Anglican Primate of Australia has declined to take any part in this undignified anti-federal and anti-Christian debate; and it is a thousand pities that such a question should ever have been raised by others of less eminence and wisdom. The sectarian issue has no right or part in the Federal question ; and those who have raised it are guilty of attempting to overturn that civil and religious liberty of thought which has grown up during the nineteenth century, whether they know it or not. The question before the New South Wales electorate is not .whether such and such a man Veare a red robe or a yellow sash,| but whether or not he is fitted to efficiently represent any considerable section of the public at the Convention. Some of the very gentlemen who are now opposing the Cardinal's nomination are doubtless quite as well fitted for a seat as he ; but they should not seek either to gain a place through their religious connection or to disfranchise others because of their theological convictions. It cannot be too much regretted that this red herring has been drawn across the trail, for it is likely to prove far more dangerous to federal unity than the many "lions in the path" upon which Sir Henry Parkes used to descant. We earnestly hope for the sake of national patriotism that the wise reticence of the Anglican Church will be more generally followed : for any prolongation of the present dispute will serve to convince the outside world that we are no more suited for Federation than for the Millenium. With a half sigh of relief, mingled with new exasperation, we can turn from the contemplation of this narrow squabble to another cjf almost equal folly.: A body has recently been formed in New j South Wales, which calls itself " the Patriotic J .league," and which has proceeded to prove its patriotism by the drafting of the following platform, which it is attempting to force down the gullets of Convention candidates:— (I) That under Federation New South Wales should retain sole power of taxation and the collection of revenue within her own territory : be in exclusive possession and management of all lands and revenue therefrom, and ownership and sole control of railways. harbors, rivers, and public works. (2) That the power proposed for the Federal Government be limited to dealing (A) defence, (B) postal and telegraph communication, (C) assimilation of law6, (D) beacons and lighthouses, (E) quarantine. (F) fisheries. If this platform shows anything, it clearly exhibits!he fact that what these unhappy people call "patriotism" is really parochialism If New South Wales or any other State is to retain the sole power of taxation, what is the use of federation ? or, how can the laws of the various colonies be assimilated seeing that taxation is simply fiscal law ? And if again, the States are to retain control of their railways, as well as their cSnflicting tariffs, how can the differences of gauge be arranged, districts developed for their own sake free from the curse of centralization, or the present inglorious and prejudicial tariff wars be brought to an end? What the League piloses is really a house divided against itself, which proverbially cannot stand. Really, the controversy in the first place over the rights of a clergyman dressed in red millinery to act the same as any other citizen of a democracy, and then this preposterous ebullition of parochialism and anti-federalism is enough to drive any thinking man to despair as regards Federation, and to make it a matter for regret that it was ever born or thought of. Day by day, as the various manifestoes of candidates and societies come to hand it is becoming more and more evident that the federal idea is before its time, and that we had better wait another century or so, that the present generation may die out as the children of Israel did in the wilderness, and a new one spring up. whose brains are free from the childish cobwebs which seem to envelope the parochial and sectarian minds of our contemporaries. In the course of a long article 011 the Colonies in 1896 the " Times " says : " The most marked development of the Australasian group has taken place in Western Australia. where the opening up of profitable goidfields has determined an extraordinary increase in industrial and commercial activity, population, revenue, and all that contributes to aggrandise a growing State. The increase of the population of Western Australia iu one year was even greater than that recorded of the Transvaal before the late disturbances. Between June 30, 1895, and June 30, 1896, the increase amounted to no less than 32,870 persons. The revenue of the colony has increased in an equally satisfactory proportion. Some estimate of the movement may be formed by comparing the figures of the quarter's return ending on September 30, 1896, with the whole revenue of 1894. They are, by a curious coincidence almost identical: the figures for the quarter amounting to £681,205, while the figures for the whole year only two years ago amounted to £681,246. With revenue advancing at this rate it is not surprising to find the colony ready to embark in extensive schemes of public works. Railway development and harbor works have been undertaken on a considerable scale, and £2,500,000 have been voted for the construction of a somewhat daring system of water supply to the goidfields. It will be greatly to the credit of the Ministry of Sir John Forrest, which has remained iu power since the grant of responsibleGovernment in 1891, if it maintains the balance of its judgment in the midst of so much prosperity and in the enjoyment of practically unbounded public confidence. The fact that it has taken power this year to add no less than £7,000,000 to the public debt will not be received as a wholly satisfactory indication of financial caution. 