LONDON GOSSIP- LONDON, May 21. (From our Correspondent.) The calamity which overtook the charity bazaar in Paris was, of course, of a character calculated to make a powerful appeal to the benevolent. Few, however, looked for such a response as has been generally made. Upwards of £60,000 has been already received as the result of the appeal made by the " Figaro." Among the subscribers there is one anonymous donor who has given 937,438f. It is satisfactory to learn that the beneficiaries of the various charities will not suffer by the disaster, and the readiness with which financial aid has been obtained is not only a proof of the generosity of the French public, but also of its resources. The catastrophe will not have been without its uses if it leads to the adoption of precautions against such occurrences at bazaars, fetes, exhibitions, and similar attractions to which sightseeing crowds gather. People are discussing the curious coincidence that the occurrence of a catastrophe in Paris should have been predicted in various almanacs, and now it transpires that just a twelvemonth ago Mdlle Couedon delivered herself of a similar prophecy at a soiree given by the Comtesse Uvbain de Mailie. About a hundred guests were present, and after replying to various questions, Mdlle Couedon spoke of a conflagration which would affect the highest circles, the Faubourg Saint-Germain being particularly smitten. No one, however, who was at the party would be hurt. " Even you will scarcely feel it, and only in an indirect manner," she added, turning to M. Urbain de Maille, who has lost in the fire a distant connection with whom he was barely acquainted. But the strangest part of it all is that not one of the persons who were at that soiree has been injured. It may also be remembered that at the time of the cyclones last summer Mdlle Couedon predicted that flames would fall on the Champs Ely sees. London publicans have been known to refuse to serve soldiers for no other reason than that they wore the Queen's uniform. There are, unfortunately,publichouse proprietors in the provinces who are equally unpatriotic, and one, who owned a place iu Glasgow, created an immense amount of local indignation by declining in one night to serve several privates and non-cotninissioned officers of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, as well as some men of the Army Medical Corps, all. of whom were perfectly sober at the time. The Gnly excuse he vouchsafed was that on some previous occasion some men belonging to the. same regiment had created a disturbance in his bar, aud had to be ejected. The sequel to the incident is interesting, and should be a lesson to publicans in Xiondon and elsewhere who feel disposed to adopt the same tactics. Lieutenant- Colonel Hannay, commander of the regiment, has received from the wine merchant in question a full and ample apology for his discreditable action. He assures the colonel that'he intended no disrespect to Her Majesty's uniform, which he had the honor to wear at one time himself, and he hopes the colonel will overlook the unpleasant misunderstanding. Colonel Hannay has accepted this apology, and has countermanded the regimental order which placed the public house in question "out of bounds." The "Consular Journal," of which the first number will appear this week, promises to be a useful adjunct to the reports furnished by our Consuls at road, these documents being too often passed unheeded as containing nothing save statistics. One item which is mentioned in the new organ shows the necessity of English capitalists preventing the cattle' trade of Queensland passing into the bands of Americans. At present the tinned meat business is almost exclusively worked by Chicago speculators. Their best customer is, of course, England. But the price of live cattle in Chicago is gradually rising, and dealers there have ibo pay £10 to £12 for oxen which in Queensland can be had for £4 each. Americans are already making inquiries respecting the establishment of tinned meat depots in onr Australian colony, which, it is hardly necessary to add, they desire to exploit for the benefit of Chicago. If British capitalists are alive to their own interests they may get the centre of this vast industiy transferred from Lake Michigan to the shores of Australia. The patron Saint of the fisherman is, as everyone knows, St. Peter; of the gardener, St Fiacre; of those who follow the pleasures of the chase St Hubert jof the tramp, St Julian the Hospitaler and St Christopher. For some time cyclists have been casting about for a titular patron, but they have met with no little difficulty in associating any Saint with this modern mothod of locomotion. However, the majority have fixed upon St Catherine of Alexandria, whom sacred art represents in association with the wheel which was intended for her torture, bat which was miraculously turned against her persecutors. A cycling, journal says : "As the Saint stands leaning upon her wheel she makes us think of the bicyclist in repose. The cyclist travels upon a wheel, and the Saint, who escaped from suffering, will protect those who invoke her aid." " Table Talk" has jotted down a little footnote to history. It quotes a story told a few days ago to »n American playwright by Sir Henry Irving : The first time the Baroness Burdett Coutts ever saw Louis Napoleon, subsequently Napoleon III., but then an exile from France living in England, she wa6 on the arm of the famous Duke of Wellington at Willis's Rooms in King street, St James' (Square. It may be remarked that the gossip of those days attributed to the " Iron Duke" a sentiment for the young lady upon his arm somewhat deeper than she could reciprocate. They were excellent friends, at any rate. As a young foreigner passed them in the throng, the Duke informed his companion that " the rather handsome " stranger was Bonaparte's nephew. Regarding him attentively for a moment, Miss Coutts turned to the Duke with the question, " Poes he look muctj like his uncle ? " The Duke smiled as he answered, " I never saw Napoleon," " Never saw him! How strange 1" "I did look through a glass on the battlefield at a grey figure on horseback that they told me was Napoleon, but I could see only indistinctly." And as the popular song might say, he never saw that grey thing twice. But what does Dame History say 7 Mr Bart Kennedy, whose volume of stories entitled " Darab's Wine-Cup " has just been issued by Mr Ollif, is still a young man, but he has had a series of experiences, singular and strenuous, in many parts of the world. He has been sailor, opera-singer, gold-prospector, newspaper correspondent, and a dozen other things. He has starved and feasted in the New World and the Old. About a decade ago he was gold-seeking in BritishColumbia, having gone over the Pacific from Yokohama in a tea-ship bound for Vancouver. At one time in this period, armed to the teeth, he and four other sailors went up into the country of the Chilkats. Three went down under Chilkats knives, but, after stiff, hand-to-hand fighting, Mr Kennedy and a half-dead comrade got back to Fort Moody. His operatic experiences were mainly in San Francisco. For the past couple of years he has been . in London devoting himself mainly to story writing, following his own lines and his own moods with a serene indifference to the "vogue" and "schools" about him. For the rest, to quote a large type head-line of an American sub-editor, "Story Writer Kennedy has Grit." It seems late in the day for a new theory to arise concerning the shape of the earth. We have outlived—with the exception of an individual " crank" here and there—the belief that it is flat. Papal fiats have not prevented ns from discovering antipodes, and every child now is familiar with the fact that the earth is a globe flattened at its two ends like an orange. A writer in " La Nature," however, is not satisfied with this conception. He has been looking out for something to explain a discrepancy between the calculations of astronomers and geodesists as to the precise ratio of the flattening. One makes it a two-hundred-and-ninetyseventh, the other a two-hundred-andninety- fourth. There must be some reason for this, and M, de Lapparent finds it in Nansen's discovery of a deep Polar basin. The North Polar basin, he says, corresponds in area to Ross's South Polar continent. Nansen's soundings, moreover, are of the same order as Ross's calculations for altitude. M. de Lapparent is, however, inclined to believe that the earth is shaped like a top, with its broad flat end at the North Pole, and its point at the South. The fact that geodesists have taken all their observations at the North would account for their obtaining too high a ratio for the flattening. Nothing is more remarkable in the history of modern Nationalist politics than the extraordinary transitoriness of a patriot's prestige. . One day be is a demi- god, or at least a stainless martyr; the next he is a cock-shy, a blatherskite, or a bosthoon. Perhaps the most notorious example of the patriot's decline and fall is furnished by Mr William O'Brien, but he is run pretty hard in this respect by the once-illustrious Mr John Daly. When Mr Daly was released from his dungeon he lost no tirce in running the amnesty business for all it was worth. As, however, the results have lamentably .failed to answer his expectations, the great man has cast abput him for an explanation of this phenomenon, and has found it in the lack of enlightenment shown by the priests and the treachery of the Parliamentarians. The letter " have been talking Parliamentary bombast. . . . Twenty-four Nationalist members were absent from the last Parliamentary division upon the question, among the number being one of the released prisoners." The result of this bold onslaught has been that the " Nation " and the " Munster News " have solemnly de- canoni6ed the matyr. HP has been plainly told that the sooner he retires from the business and quits the stump the better it would be for Ireland, since " he is doing more harm than good." Furthermore, " it does not lie in the mouth of Mr Daly, or of any other man, to impugn the patriotism or the uprightness of the Irish clergy." And to think that only a few months ago Mr Daly was hailed with torchlight procession, brass bands, and deputations ! Miss Flora L. Shaw, whose name is cropping up so frequently in connection with the South Africa Inquiry, is the head of the colonial department of the " Times." She has gone on special commissions for her Printing Housesquare friend to South Africa and Australia. Nineteen years ago she published " Castle Blair," and has since come out in the book-world with " Hector," a story for the young person, "A Sea Change," "Colonel Cheswick's Campaign," and "Letters from Queensland." Miss Shaw is the niece of Sir Eyre Massey Shaw. The Lazes, from whom the Sultan proposes to draw the crews of his privateers, should he really resort to this expedient, belong to the Georgian group of nations (Georgians, Mingrelians, Lazes, and Suanetes), all of whom are dwellers in the Caucasus. Their home, Lazistan, is a narrow strip, between the hills and the coast, in the extreme south-east of the Black Sea, extending from Trebizond to a little north of Batoum. It is thus a part of the ancient Colchis. The northernmost part of Lazistan is now Russian. Three centuries ago the Lazes were all Christians. Under pressure they have, almost to a man, become Mahommedans, or of no religion at all. They are fine wellbuilt fellows, have always had the reputation of being first-class seamen, and supply a large number of sailors to the small coasting traders. They must not be confounded with the Lezgians, an entirely different race of the Eastern Cancasus, celebrated for. their warlike character, but also for their cruelty and their brigandage, who in 1856—1858 were troublesome to Russia under their leader Shamyl. Privateering was abolished by the agreement of all the European nations, excepting Spain, by the Declaration of Paris of 1856. But that a nation with a weak navy might be tempted to revert to the practice against an enemy whose commerce was important has always appeared possible. The question whether the Due d'Aumate was ever secretly married is (says the " Daily Chronicle " Paris correspondent) made delicate and complex by the fact that the lady in the case is still living. The double fact that her residence is upon the Chantilly Domain and that she has always been admitted to the inner circle of family intimacy leads to the conjecture that the rumor is undoubtedly true. Like the Princess Dolgorouki, the morganatic widow of Alexander II., and the Countess Mirafiores, the wife of Victor Emanuel, the second wife of the heir of the Condes, known as the Countess Berthe de Clinchant — though for various reasons not taking the title of Duchess —was raised to the exalted grade of " La Croix Etoilee " by the Emperor of Austria. It is virtually impossible, of course, that this would have been done had the marriage not been thoroughly regular. Her refinements and artistic tastes are of the highest order, and she often discreetly shared the literary work of the Duke. The marriage is believed to have been privately celebrated in the chapel of a cardinal in Rome. A curious story of the late Duchesse d'Alegon is told by M. Benjamin Constant, the French artist. The Boyal stall-holder at the Charity Bazaar solicited the artist for a sketch to adorn her stall. He was racking his brain for a subject when a model was announced —a country girl, who sat with her head to one side, and with her hands behind her leaned back upon a pole. The pose waB such as to make the artist exclaim: " What a Joan of Arc at the stake." He painted the picture, and was returning to the Duchesse d'Alengon with it next day when he learned that she had lost her life in the awful fire. The artist believes that in painting the martyrdom of Joan of Arc his pencil was guided by an unseen hand. In an article the Paris " Soleil" points out that Germany is endeavoring to involve France in a struggle against Great Britain. "She wants to fight for the King of Prussia," the journal remarks—a play upon words, fighting for the King of Prussia in the French idiom meaning fighting without benefit—" But it must not be forgotten that Great Britain is our best customer. Germany forces her industrial trash upon us, and requires none of our products in return. Russia is very fond of us, but closes her frontier to our products. Great Britain, whether sympathetic or no, buys from us each year 600,000,OOOf. of goods more than she sells to us. These 600,000,OOOf. are so much profit to France, not taking into account the money spent in our country by the thousands of English visitors. Great Britain is our last serious customer, and our means do not permit us to show her the door in order to please William the Second." The • " Soleil," in conclusion, says that although it regards an entente cordiale between France and Great Britain as impossible, yet there is a wide margin between an entente cordiale and war. Mr John Redmond's recent heroics at the Rotunda, Dublin, when he declared that he and his colleagues would fight to the death in Parliament against the estimates, were somewhat ignominiously belied by the sequel. For on the first occasion on which the subject came on, Mr Redmond puired, and was absent. Hence the epigram in this week's " Nation," headed " Singles and Pairs":— One hope, one aim, one motive prompts John Redmond, we are told; His heart holds one ambition—he'd promote his island's glory : So his singleness of purpose, we suppose, we me may behold, When we find him at St. Stephen's gaily " pairing" with a Tory. Mr Patrick MacDermott, M.P., the now famous Parliamentarian who spoke in the House to what Becmed Mr T. P. O'Connor one evening when the member for the Scotland Division of Liverpoor w£s as far off as Ireland, was formerly a Galway farmer. He is 38, represents North Kilkenny, studies law, is an unassuming, genial, good-natured personality, and, one would say, the last person in the world to be the victim of a delusion of any kind. Yet the ghost story which he told in the Lobby to Mr Browne, one of Mr O'Connor's late assistants on the "Weekly Sun," has not escaped levity of treatment in Irish quarters. O, Patrick M'Dermott, M.P., Faith, yer notions are weird af ther tea, What you towled Misther Browne Has brought terror to town, And I'm scared by that ghost o' "T.P. 1" In the kind Connaught " brogue" did it speak ? Or, perhaps, for the moment, 'twas Greek i Something more did it fcnow Of Napoleon or " Joe ?" Did it sigh like " A Book of the Week?" But, Patrick M'Dermott, me dear I Sure, this is the Jubilee Year, And 'tis fitting, no doubt, That there's visions about, And wonders, and things quaint and queer. 60, Patrick M'Dermott, M.P., When the " boys"—you know whom— laugh in glee At that story you towld Till me own blood ran cowld, Faith, they're killing the soft heart in me. 