; THE LOVE THAT LIVES. CHAPTER XXXIX. 'I uks the ehild, mamma; there is no need for eemiog,' replied Monloa. '80 mnoh the better,- my dear. I should say nothing., could please 8lr Aldorwin moro than great love (or. the little one. And eho is not really a vory 8be is not tiresomo at all. Sho is lovely and good,' deolilrcd Monica. Her ladyship looked pteasod. ' Of coarse, eho eaid, ' s real affection for the child is better thsn a protended one. Tell me, Monica — we have been hero somo time already — iB there any chance, do you tbink. Does Sir Aldewin seem to pare for you f 'Mamma, euoh questions are very tiresome to answer,!'. I really do not know. Sir Aldewin is very .'kind .to me ; he talks to ma; to a oertain extent be confides in mo ; bat I cannot be ignorant of odo thing— that is, be is doubly kind when tbe ohQd Is wUh me.' 'Evidently tba oblld Is the great card that yon matt play,1 sold her ladyship. Then she sighed, If I were bnt yonng and had your opportunities, Monlea. A widower, young and handsome — such boos, each en Inoome — and a ohlld to work on hit fecllnga with. My dear, wero 1 in your place, I should be Lady Cbeslelgh in less than six wcoks.' Monloa's face flashed with mortification. 'I, with you would not speak in that way, mamma; I do not liko it. You mnko such a boiinesa of marriage that it would not bo wonder ful if I' disliked it altogether and gavo it up in despair. I have somo heart, although you ncor eeem to thiok m' Lady Forbea smiled as sho helped hersolf to somo strawberries. My desr Monies,' to do soy real good in this world, to attain any real position, yon should do away all heart. I mast say that, looking back on tho experience of a lifetime, I hsvo nover known a woman with' a heart encceod. Sir Aldewin has not aotn'slly made love to yon then t' 'No; bo has boon vory kind ; bnt wo always talk about little Pearl. He is vitally interested when I talk' about her, but not so mnoh in other matters.' Do. yon eyor mention yourself to him in any way f asked Lady Forbes anxionsly ; and again hor daughter's face fleshed hotly. She made no answer. Her ladyship ccmtioned, 'Do yon tbink tbero is any one for whom he oarce, Monica 1' Tbe girl Ioked up with a new intoreet in her faoo; I _l'I. am afraid so momma. There is a cousin of his late wife. He speaks of hor very often. Littlo Pearl calls her 'nnnt Linn ' ; and I havo fancied at times that he likes her very mnch indeed. Ho has anothor tone in bis voice when he speaks of her.' Yon mean Msdolin Bricrton,' said hor ladyship. There -is nothing in that. I am quito sure yon need fear! no rival there.' Mnnioa's proad face brightened. Why, mammal' she said. 'What makes you . think so.' I knojr that Lord Brandon ia in love with hor.' She' may hot-be in love with bim ; tho one fact need not obviate the other. Two men may easily bo in love with tbe same girl, espeoially it she bo an attractive one: Holy npoo it that, if I havo a rival to fear,, it is this Miss Brieiton, and not tho yonng wife that is dead. Yet at times I am bewildered, far I think that ho loved her too.' I am sure that ho loved her,' said Lady Forbos. 'Something ho aaid the other day amazed me. I came into the drawing-room, and found him looking at hit wife's portrait ; he was so deeply absorbed in it that he never even heard me. I went up to him and laid my hand on his arm ; and he tnroed to me suddenly. . 'Lady Forbes,' ho said, 'tell mo if you think that is tbo face of a happy woman.' I looked at it to ploaso him. 'Of a very happy women, I shoaldiay, Sir Aldewin,' I replied. 'I havo nover een one so free from oare.' Ho looked pleased. He thinks a great deal of bia lost wifo, I am euro ; oed it ia not to be wondered at.' The closing words were still on her lips, when 8ir Aldewin came in. Ho looked very handsome in his dark clothes. Ho est down by Lady Forbes, and asked whether tbey would care to drive ont on that warm day. Lady Forbss laughed. Monica can do at sbo will. Yonth ia courageous, we know, for myaelf, I ahrink from tho warm aun. She may enjoy it.' Will you go, Mias Monica,' he naked. Sho looked np at him with a bright smile. 'I will make a bargain, Sir Aldewin,' she said. 1 love snnahine and fresh air. I will go with the utmost pleasure, on two conditons. The first is that yon allow mo to take little Pearl ia the pony- chaise ; tbe seoond, that you drive ns yourself. I wonld not risk yoar littlo heiress with any one else.' What a olever girl,' thought Lady Forbes. Ho really onght to appreciate bcr.' Sir Aldewin looked both embarrassed and pleased. He knew that It wonld look very peculiar i( ho drove oat Miss Forbes and little Poarl. At tho same time sho had apokca out of shocr love and kindntsa for the child, and he could not refuse, I will drive yon with pleaaure.' ho said ; 'and PeaH will bo delighted. Bnt would It not bo better to take tbe open carriage ; then Lady Forbes conld go withns.' Tbst ostnto lady was far too wlso to accedo to anytbiog of the kind. She smiled and shook her head gravely. Yon are very kind, and I am much flattered, Sir Aldewin ; bat so warm a Bun might lav mo up. 1 think Monica raah ; but ahc always likod sun shine.' So does little Poarl,' said Miss Forbes. ' We will go in half an hour's time, Sir Aldowin, if that will do.' She kDew that if she went to dross he would probably remain with Lady Forbes, snd nh« fori saw that her mother wonld sound bim on the subject of Madolin. All happenod aa sbo had anticipated. She went to tbe nnraery, and Sir Aldewin remained with Lady Forbes. A man simplo, honest, and earnest is eVcr; at tbe mercy of a clever woman. Lady Forbea bad that charming, sympathctio, afTeotionato manner whioh generally leaves the strongest man prostrati; _ and' at the mercy of the foe. She began by referring to littlo Poarl. She touohod skilfully on the lost Lsdy Chcsleigh ; and then deftly inquired abont that beautiful Miss Brierton whom Lord Breodon loved so well. Her keen eyos detected tbe qnick expression of annoyance en his face as he roused himself suddenly. ' Who told yon, Lady Forbes, that Lord Brandon was Miss Brierton's lover,' he asked. Every ono who koows Lord Brendon knows that,' ahe replied. I heard him apeak once of Mias Brierton. Ho iutd little, bnt I saw from the expression of annoyance of his faoo that ho laved her,' It is all nonosonse— all a mistake,' he said eagerly. ' Miss Brierton has no lover. Lord Brendon has no bopo in that quarter, I should say ; they wore old friends — that wre all. Lady Forbea perceived that her olevor daughter was right jn bcr idea that, if Sir Aldewin eared for aoy one, it was for Miss Brierton ; and sho was rather vexed to find it so. Still Miss Bricrton was absent; Monica was present; and aba knew that opportunity in auch a case is everything. 8be continued tbe conversation abnnt Miss Brierton1— inquired all about ber, her oppoaranco, her tastes, her msoner. Sho saw that bo spoke of hor with pleosnre. that be enjoyed the conversation, that bis face brightened, and hiB whole manner seemed to grow more cbeerfnl. Year wife mast have boon very much attached to her cousin.' He moved bis position, so that bis oycsfoll on tbo piotured face of his yonng wifo. Yes.' he said slewly ; ' thoy loved cnch other very mnoh ; they were moro like eiators then cousins. Miss Brierton was devoted to Lady Choslcigli.' He sighed as bo remembered tho beautiful sisterly love between tbe two, and how strangely their lives bad crossed. CHAPTER XL. iaady Fcbbes, in her condescending patronising way, wss always ready to aave a shilling when she conld. Mrs. Bird had told her Bhe bad a person staying at the Hell who was to do the sewing, snd her ladyship thought it possible to effect somo email saving by asking her to do some work for her. In tbo oanso of economy Lady Forbes nover spared smiles. Sho was most gracious now to Mra. Bird, and aaid how muob she would liko to soo tho person. Mra. Bird understood the motive. As Elaine sat quietly at hor sowing, the door pponod suddenly, and a tall stately lady m a dress I,, " of rioh 1 moiro antiquo ' entered tho room and stood ami|ing before hor with a oourtoous grooting and kindly words. , Elaine recognised her instinotivoly. ' It ia Lady Forbos,' eho said to bcrsolf, and sbo wondered what had brought ber to her room. , She hod ooosod to eel tho shame and aouoyaneo of her disguise boforo tboao who wore her inferior ; in tho prosoneo of ano who was bor sooial equal it roturnod in full fordo. Her faco bnrnod, hor head drooped ; aho lookod so confused and embarrassed that Lady Forbes redoubled hor amiability. ' Sho is so eby,' thought bor ladyship, ' that I shall bo ablo to do as I liko with her.' By slow dagrec8 sho mado hor request, and waa almost snrprisod by tho immcdisto complianco that oho' met with. 'iWhat a beautiful month she has,' thought Lady Forbes, 'And what a snoot voice.' Sbo asked pormissioa to bring a few little things that reqaircd altering into tho room. .We havo bat ono maid between no — my daa'ghter and I,' sho said — and sho has but little time for plain sewing. You are very kind, Mrs. Mooro — that is yonr cama, I think ?' Elaino forgot horsolf for a moment, and hor anawor waa a bow so full of graceful ease oed dignity that her ladyship was quite taken by snrpriso. xon havo soen batter daye ' she said gently, and tho words, simplo as tbey wore, pained tbo yonng wifo'a heart. I have soon bettor days,' oho answered, hut Bomothing in tho tono of hor voice cheeked farther inquiry on tho part of Lady Forbes. 'loan toll yon ono thing, Mrs. Bird,' sho said, tho next timo that sho saw tho housekeeper. ' You havo a lady for seamstress. Tho woman may bo working for hor living now, and shoia certainly strange-looking, dark, and foreign, bnt sho is a lady. Her bands are white and her voice has a sweet refined tone. I was vory mnch pleasod with her.' I know Bhe was a lady,' roturnod Mrs. fBird quietly. 'She is vory considorato and rather thoughtfa!.' But Lady Forbos was an ' old soldior' and that littlo arrow, shot by ono one of her foes, fell harm less to the ground. Elaine rose early and eat up lato in ordor to comply with hor ladyship's wishcB, rejoiood to bo able to ploaso hor becnuso eho scorned kind to littlo Pearl. Oao morning, when sho was vory bnsy, Mrs. Bird wont to hor in groat distress. ' No ooo was ovor tried as 1 am,' ahe said. Ono of the servante has made a great rout in tho beauti ful Gobolin tapestry which Sir Aldewin is so proud of. If Lady Forbea finds it ont, I shall novor hoar the lost of it. Mrs. Mooro, oonld you possibly help mo ?' 'I will with pleasure, if I can,' sho replied. ' What can I do ?' 'Take somo coloured ailka and try to repair it. I think, with great enro, you can manage to do it so that it would novor bo noticed.' ' I will do my best,' said Elaino. ' Tho whole party are going out this afternoon for a long drive. I hoard thom talking about it. You might do it while thoy are gone.' Elaino wob only too pleased. Sho had not seen any part r f tbo houso oxccpt tho eastern wing, where tho houBekcopcr's rooms wore situated. Sho had forgotten all abont bor own portrait. Mrs. Bird camo for her when the carriages drove off, and led tho way into tho drawing-room. The first thing she saw there, hanging just above her hoad, bright, startling, and beautiful, was hor own picture— herself as she had been so short a tiino since, with hor lovely golden-haired child. It camo upon her so suddooly that sho oriod out in alarm, and sank into tho nearcBt chair. For a few momonts sho could neither see nor hear. All tho world was lost to hor but tho pictured faco of her dead self. Mrs. Bird asked anxiously what was tho mnttor — what oiled hor. She could only unswor that it was an old pain — ono sbo ofton had. 'Somo kind of hcort-diacasc,' said tbo house keeper carelessly — 'so many pcoplo have heart- disease in these days.' Tho cold, oarelcss tono did moro to restore bcr than anything else could havo done. Sho said to herself sho must remember oho was Louise Mooro, tho sowing-woman, paid for hor timo. So her timo was not her own. And eho ronsed herself. If Mrs. Bird had spoken a kind of sympathotia word just thoo, all wonld have bcca far different. She crossed tbo room without looking again at tho radiant young mother or tbo lovely ohild, and began carefully to ohoooo her silks and arrnngo hor work. 'Shall yon bo ablo to manngo it?' asked Mrs. Bird anxiously. 'Yes. I am sure I shall. Yon need havo no fear. Tbo rout is not so very largo, and it comes just in thie flowor. I can imitato tbo embroidery of this flower.' Mrs. Bird returned in a few minutes with a glass of wine. 'Drink this,' she said. ' Your lips are quito white. I would not ask you to work just Dow but that it must he done.' ' I am quito well, and I will do it as nicely aa possible,' sho replied. Tho housekeeper left hor, and she began to work basily. She had beeu there no hour or more when tho impuleo to look at herself again hconmo irrcsis- tiblo. Sho wont to tho portrait and gazed at tho piotured faoo. Which waa bor real self— tho radiant girl with tho vory heaven of lovo in hor sweet faoe, end the beautiful ohild in her arms, or tho dork, salioiv- facod, wearied woman whoso heart was nsbes ? Sho looked from tho portrait to tho mirror. Was it possible the two could bo tho same ? Tho only reesmhlanco was tho mouth. Tho lovely lips in tho picture were laughing, and their scarlet freshness was boautiful to see. Tho lips of tho living woman were very white and, had lines of wearinoea around them. 'Was I cvor liko that?' sho asked herself ovor and ovor again. ' How beautiful I waB. Ho might havo lovt'd mo. I could lovo anyone with a faco liko that.' It was so Btiango, this ghost of herself, of her past happy life, of her youth— this radiant lovely girl who Biniled at her from tho canvas, whoso eycB seemed to Bay, 'There is a secret between us, and wo can keep it — you and I.' 'That was myself,' alio mused — 'the young Elaine whnm every 000 spoiled and ovory 0110 loved. This ia my lost dead self ; and it seems to mo a pitiful thing that I should so hava died.' Tho faoo entranced bur ; sho could not leavo it. In all tho world thoro was surely novor a Btrangur picture than this. ' I oould never bo so beautiful an that again,' sho thought ; ' that face is so young, so fresh, so happy ; the eyes are full of lovo, the lips are ladeu with it, I havo no lovo and no hope now.' Yet alio thought the same day, whan alio waa quito safe, sho would tako away all Monsieur Dcvails disguises, and soo how she really locked. Sho wont to her work ngnin. Mrs. Bird, coming in, expressed her great delight at what she bad douo. 'Lady Forbco' keen eyes, will not find that out,' alio said. 'Lot hor look ns long as sbo will. You must not stay horo to finish. They will bo buro directly, nnd the ladies like sitting in this room. You can finish it to- morrow. They aro going out again.' Onoo moro Elaine turned to ioolt at her piotured self. Aud Mrs. Bird, soeiug hor eyes fixed on tho portrait, said — 'That is tho picture of Sir Aldawin's young wife, tho lady who waa drowned. Sho was bonutiful. Littlo miesie ia liko her. I say, after loving a lady liko that, fair and swout as an angol, Sir Aldewin will never faooy Miss Forbes. If ovor she wins him, it will bo througli tho ohild he iovos so dearly. I was out of patience when they drove off to-day, to sco littlo miusie seated on Mias Forbes' kneo, and smiling and talking to hor as though alio wns ber own mamma. It was enough to mako my lady ccma out of her frame.' Mrs. Moore went back (o ber Bowing, but the work did not soem quite so cosy to her after that, Shu found hersolf thinking continually of tho lovoly girl in tho portrait, and going ovor again all the scenes of her life— that short life which had contained such a ttagedy. As yet she had not como in contact with tho ohild ; sho wss carefully watobed aud guarded, Sba was seldom, if ever, allowed in tho castoru wing, where the servauts' affiles wero ; but that happiness wns in Btoro for her perhaps. Heaven might pity her becauso eho hail suffered so patiently anil so long. On . tho day following Mrs. Bird cauio for her again. (to m; continued.) 