SALVATION 'ARMY.' 'COMMANDANT' BOOTH IN PERTH. ENTHUSIASTIC MEETINGS. ' Commandant' Booth, accom panied by his private secretary ('Adjutant' M'Millan), 'Major' Gover, and other officers, reached Perth from the goldfields on Satur day morning. As the ' Com mandant' arrived in the morning train an opportunity was not afforded to the members of the ' Army' in Perth of giving him a public reception, but he was met at the station by several of the officers, and welcomed to the city. He then proceeded to the residence of '' Major' Gover, whose guest he will be during his stay in Perth. Interviewed by a representative of The Inquirer, ' Comman dant ' Booth spoke of his visit to the goldfields, and said that he was greatly impressed by what he saw there. He was of opinion that there must be a great future in store for Western Australia. He was agreeably surprised to f:.-.l such splendid 'corps 'at boll i ? -ju1- gardie and Kalgoorlie, and he was so ini pressed w it h the progress w h ich the ' corps ' were making there that he had decided upon an energetic policy with a view to extending the operations of the ' Army ' on the fields. Interrog ated as to bis intentions in this respect, the ' Commandant ' said said that he had resolved to have constructed 6ix temporary bar racks, capable of being removed from one centre to another, to meet the demands of new settlements as the fields increased in develop ment. The cost of the undertaking would probably be about .£700 or .£800. He had telegraphed to Melbourne for 12 officers from the training homes at that city, to be at once despatched to Western Australia for the new establish ments, and in reply be had re ceived a notification that 12 officers would leave Melbourne in the Buninyong, so that thev would arrive in Perth in the course of a week or two. On their arrival in this city the 'Commandant' would explain to them, their mission at a public meeting, after which they would leave for the fields to take up their new duties. It had also been decided to build barracks at the Boulder in order that a regular ' corps' could be started there. Questioned as to his movements in Perth, 'Commandant' Booth said that he was engaged on Saturday in inspecting the 6ites for the new barracks and the rescue home. He also hoped to be able to make arrangements for the establishment of a prison gate home at Fremantle for the refor mation of discharged prisoners. He intended to interview the Gov ernment in the matter of obtaining some assistance towards the rescue and prison-gate work. In reply to a question regarding the oversea scheme, the 'Com- mandant ' stated that the matter was in abeyance. The ' Army ' had secured 15,000 acres of land for the purpose adjoining the Collie coalfields. He proposed to visit the place and make a report of his observations to ' General ' Booth. Beyond that be was not in a posi tion to say what other arrange ments were being made in connec tion with the scheme. Sunday's meetings. Yesterday morning at the Town hall ' Commandant ' Booth met the 'Army' in Perth as a body for the first time, at a meeting which was open to soldiers only. The meeting was a most heart v one, and the 'Commandant' de livered a vigorous address on ' The Characteristics of a True Soldier of Christ.' Yesterday afternoon ' Comman dant' Booth was accorded a public welcome in the Town-hall. The occasion will be remembered among Salvationists. The building con tained a crowded audience, includ ing many members of the public who are not associated with, and who hold different religious opinions from the members of the ' Army.' Many of the ' corps ' of the colony were represented. The ' Commandant's ' appearance on the platform was the signal for a loud outburst of cheering and ' firing of volleys.' Mr. B. C. Wood, M.L.A-, presided, and among others on the platform were Dr. Young. Mr. J. S. Beunet (Mavor of Leederville), Mr. Dimant (president of the Y.M.C.A.), ' Major ' Gover and Mrs. Gover, ' Brigadier ' Lee, and Mr. Hock ing. The proceedings were opened with devotional exercises, and hymns were sung to the accompaniment of the ' Army ' band. A prominent feature of the music was a duet, ' Climbing Up the Golden Stairs,' rendered by ' Major ' Saunders 'Adjutant' M'Millan, of Mel bourne, ' Commandant ' Booth ac companying the singers on the concertina. The Chairman said that it gave him great pleasure to assist in the welcome to ' Commandant ' Booth, the head of the ' Salvation ' Army in Australia. (Cheers.) Not long ago they had the plea sure of welcoming his (the ' Commandant's') venerable father, 'General' Booth. (Cheers.) He hoped that ' General ' Booth would be long spared to continue the vigorous policy he had inaugu rated in connection with the Salvation ' Army. ' (Cheere.) He had been glad to hear that the ' General's ' settlement scheme had not fallen through, and be trusted i that the visit of the ' C»m mandant' to Western Australia would result in the commencement, if not of the whole, of a portion of the scheme. (Applause.) Heassured them that he personally appre ciated the great social good which the Salvation ' Army ' performed in Perth, and he pointed out that the progress which it had made was all the more worthy from the fact that the funds which it obtained could not be expected to be large in a city which bad a comparatively small population to the capitals of the other colonies. The ' Army' did not follow other denominations. (Cheers.) In many cases it led the way altogether. (Renewed cheers.) That was a credit to the organisation, and he would saynothingofotberdenomina tions. He was pleased to hear from the ' Commandant' that a market could be found for the commodities which would be produced in the event of the settlement scheme being carried out. (Applause.) That large attendance showed that the Salvation 'Army' had the sympathy of the people of Perth. (Cheers.) ' Commandant' Booth, on rising to speak, was received with enthu siastic cheering. H-« address was listened to with rapt attention, :ind his remarks were frequently illustrated with humorous anecdotes. He sa;.d that he heartily appre ciated the words of welcome which had been spoken to him on behalf of the Salvation ' Army,' and the citizens of the rising, enterprising, and go-ahead metropolis of Wes tern Australia. He accepted their welcome not merely as an individual compliment but also as an evidence of the kindly feeling of the public concerning the pre sent position and future prospects of the great and world-wide salva tion movement. (Cheers.) He hoped that the chairman would become more closely identified with the ' Army.' He would look admirable in a red jersey. (Cheers and laughter.) As far as his impressions of Western Austra lia were concerned, he had been privileged to see the work of the ' Army ' in various circum stances, and in nearly every country in the civilised world. He had seen its members at work in the slums of great cities, and he had alwiys found large-minded and warm-hearted men and women in its ranks. (Cheers.) Since his arrival in Australia, however, he had struck the cream of the ' Army ' work, and since he came to Western Australia he had struck the best part of the cream. (Cheers.) Heremindedthem that he was not exclusively as sociated with the command of the ' Army ' in Australia. He wa6 a follower of Him who ruled a country which had no frontier line. (Applause.) Fol lowing the dictate of the Master, aad echoing the words of John Wesley, he would have them under stand that the world was their parish, and that their duties were as broad as the surface of the globe. That was the first address he had delivered in Western Australia, and it devolved upon him to tell them something about bis intentions and his doctrines and beliefs. He in tended to do his best to please everybody. (Applause.) He was aware that to do that he had no easy task to perform, because in every community there were grumblers and fault-finders. It was easy to find fault, and he would ask those who pulled the actions of the Salvation ' Army' to pieces to organise a better Salvation ' Army.' (Cheers.) Let the cavillers stem the squalor and misery that existed in their midst, and then criticise the Salvation 'Army.' (Applause.) He would explain to them a few of the tenets in which he believed. He assured them of his unswerving faith to God. He did not agree with some people that the world had fashioned itself. When he looked at the marvellous creations of God, he had no confidence in the namby-pamby, narrow, nutshell people who went about the world in the name of science and other things, saying that they did not believe in God, because they could not understand Him. He would be a puny, temporal sort of God whom they could understand. He wanted a God beyond his finite understanding. Many persons worshipped God only as an image, and looked for Him merely in the pages of the Bible. But the vital point was to realise Him as the Holy Ghost, and to re cognise that He was always near at hand. That was the motive power in the belief of the Salvation ' Army.' He wished to inform them that, although he bad not been among them for any length of time, he claimed that he was an Australian. Another tenet in his creed was that he believed in the Salvation ' Army.' (Cheers ; and firing of a ' volley.') He was born in the 'Arnay,' and had been trained in it. His father was the founder of it, and his mother was the mother of it. (Cheers.) The Salvation ' Army ' was to him more than his meat and drink. He believed in the ' Army ' chiefly as a man of common sense, who sought to go to the point of any matter. Many persons were always apologising for the methods of the 'Army.' While they agreed that it did good work they objected to the methods by which that work was accomplished. The Salvation ' Army ' had an equal right te disagree with the methods em ployed by other religious denomina tions. (Cheers.) He pointed to the great multitude of people who had been given up by society, and who had been rescuedfrom. brothels and slums by the followers of the ' Army' until they belonged to one of the mightiest religious forces the world had produced. (Cheers.) They were also criticised for not always conforming with public opinion ; but history would prove that aiany men who had accomplished great things, by which the world had benefited, had, during their early efforts, been laughed at by their fellowg. Lastly, he believed in victory, because be was of opinion that the ' Army ' would win the fight which it had entered into. There was little use in going to war if they thought that they would be beaten. He regretted that his experience of the world, and to some extent of the Christian world, taught him that there was too much of the absence of the spirit of hopefulness for the future. They wanted victory for light over darkness and sin. Victory was only another word for courage. Courage was required in the legions of the Salvation ' Army ' to put to flight the army of the alien. (Cheers.) After a hymn had been sung and a vote of thanks accorded to the chairman the meeting closed. There was another crowded attendance ii lae Town-ball last night, when the proceedings took the form of a 'battle for souls.' ' Commandant' Booth delivered an address, basing his remarks on the words — ' And Jacob went hi6 way.' Several members of the 'Army' spoke of the spiritual benefits which they had derived since becoming members of the ' Army,' and a vigorous appeal was made to those who had not found salvation to do so without delay. To-night the ' Commandant ' will speak in the Town-hall on the social work of the ' Army.' The Chief Justice (Sir Alex ander Onslow) will preside. The ' Army,' as notified in another column, will hold a procession through Barrack and Hay streets, starting from the markets between the hours of 7 and 8 o'clock this evening. On Tuesday night 'Commandant ' Booth will speak at Fremantle, and on Wednesday night in the Town-hall, Perth, the members of the ' Army,' and others who may care to attend, will commence an ' all-night praver meeting,' finishing their devotions at 6 o'clock on Thursday morning. Return of Sir George Turner. — Sir George Turner was a pas senger from London in the R.M.S. Orizaba, which reached Albany on Saturday. When interviewed he regretted that, in consequence of ill-health, he was quite incapacitated from talking on business matters. During the voyage he had to lie down all day except at meal times. The Herald representative saw him at the breakfast table, and welcomed him to Australia as the first of the returning Premiers, and as an old acquaintance, and also wished him a speedy recovery. Memorial to Sir John Pender. — The fund raised for the personal commemoration of Sir John Pender has reached a total of .£7,224. The Eastern Extension and South African Telegraph com panies have each contributed .£1,000, aud the Brazilian Sub marine Telegraph Company and the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company a similar sum between them. Of the total sum, .£5,000 will be presented to University College to endow the Pender chair of electrical engineer ing. The residue of the fund has been applied to the bust of Sir John, executed by Mr. Onslow Ford, and to the establishment of a Pender scholarship and gold medal for the encouragement of electrical studies at the Ander sonian Institute, Glasgow. . Advertising the Colony. — The Commissioner for Crown Lands (Mr. G. Throssell) is adopt ing a new method with respect to advertising the horticultural and viticultural lands of the colonv. He recently obtained from the Commissioner for Railways a number of splendid photographs taken in various parts of the garden of Messrs. F. and H. Piesse at Katanning. The fruit trees and vines depicted therein are of magnificent growth and appear ance. At the bottom of each photograph the statement is printed that similar land to that in which the trees photographed were grown can be obtained from the Lands Department for 10s. per acre. The pictures will be hung in the General Post-office. Death from Typhoid Fever. — Very great regret was manifested at Fremantle oa Saturday when it became known that Miss Alice Minnittee Nicholson, eldest daug h ter of Mr. O. N. Nicholson, archi tect, had, after a fortnight's illness, succumbed to typhoid fever at 2 o'clock that morning at her father's residence in Cantonment-street. The deceased lady, who was a native of Melbourne (Vic), was between 19 and 20 years of age at the time of her death, and before contracting the disease which ter minated her life she enjoyed the best of health. She was possessed of excellent musical talent, and took a leading part in concerts and other movements in aid of the Con gregational Church, of which she was a member. Great sympathy has been expressed for the bereaved family. The funeral, which was conducted by Mr. Arthur E. Davies, took place yesterday after noon, and was largely attended, the remains of the deceased being interred, in the Congregational por tion of the Fremantle cemeterv. 