fpb jSiorutelbir. j Ti\e Weapons of Mystery. CHAPTER XIV. GOD, '' 'Not bo mad,' I says, ' seem' as how I see yon carry that 'ere ghost's ward robe, and put it iu Mr. Blake's room last night.' !? Sho went off without another word, yer honor, and the next thing I heard about her was that she had gone to London.1 '? And why did you not tell Mr. Tem ple '/' ? 'Well, Mr. Blahe, he didn't; know anything 'bout her evenin' rambles wi' that 'ere himfidel willain, and wasn't acquainted wi' the things that you and me bev talked about : besides, I thought ns 'ow you wer the one that ought to know first of all.' I thought long over Simon's words, but could not understand them. Why should Miss Staggles pose as a ghost, oven ; at the instigation of Voltaire ? There coald be nothing gained by it, and yet, I was sure that it was not without meaning.^ Somehow it was conneoted with Voltaire's scheme ; of that I was sura, but at the time my mind was too confused to see how. „ So far, not one step had been taken to ;pr0T0 whether 'Koffar was dead or alive, and although I knew nothing of a detective's business, I did not like tak ing any one in my confidence. I resolved to do all that was to be done myself. In spite of everything, I spent a pleasant evening at Temple ; Hall, We talked and laughed gaily, especially as Tom was -, preparing for! his wedding with Miss Edith Gray, and when I told Mrs. Temple how Tom had popped the question ;'bn ,, the landing at midnight, after the appearance of the famous liall ghost, the merriment knew no bounds; It was after midnight when I retired to rest, but I could not sleep. I could not . help . thinking about this great problem of my life. How could I find. Kaffar? How could I tell whether he, . ? were alive or dead ? After tossing about ? a long time, I hit upon a plan of action, and then my mind bad some little rest. The next morning I bade good-bye to my friends, and started for the station. When I arrived [all was quiet. Not a single passenger was there, while the two porters were lolling lazily around, enjoying the warmth of the .bright May Bun. '' ' I asked to see the station-master! he was not at the station. Then I made inquiries for the booking-clerk, who presently made his appearance. I found that .there was a train leaving about midnight, gwhich travelled northward, one that had been running some years. , ' .Were you at the booking- office on the day after New ' Year's Day ?' I asked. j ' Yes, sir,' replied the clerk. ' Do you remember a man coming for a ticket that night who struck you as peculiar 7' ' What kind of a man, sir ?'' ' A foreigner. Small, dark, and wiry, speaking with an accent some thing like this,' I said, trying to imi tate Kaffar. 'No, sir, I don't remember such a \- person. There were only three passen gers that night— I remember it very \- well, because my brother was here with . me— and they were all Yorkshire.' ' This midnight train is a stopping train?' ' Yos, sir. It stop3 at every station from Leeds.' 'How far is the nearest station iu the Leeds direction 1' ' 8even miles, sir. The population is rather thin here, sir. It gots thicker the closer you get to Leeds.' ' ' And how far the other way ?' '? Only a matter of three miles north ward, sir. There's a little village, there, sir, has sprung ..up because of Lord , , ? 'a mansion, sir, and the company has put up a Btation,' ' And how far is the next station be yond that?' ' A long way, Bir. It's a junction where some go to catch the night ex press to Leeds. It must bo eight miles further on. The train is now due, sir, that goes there.' ' And it stops at the next station.' ' Oh yes, sir.' I booked immediately for it, and in a \- fow minutes arrived there. It was, if possible, more quiet than the one from which I had just come ; a more dreary place one could not well see. I soon found the man who had issued tickets on the night I have mentioned. Did he remember such a passenger as I denoribed? ' Yes, sir,' he said, 'I do remember such a chap: partly because he was the only passenger, and partly because he looked so strange. Hu looked as if he'd boen fightin', and yet ho was quite sober. He was a funny chap, sir ; one as I shudd'n like much to do wi'.' 'And where did he book for ?' ' Dingledale Junction, sir.' 'And he would be able to catch a train from there 7' ' Ho wou!d have to wait a quarter of an hour for the express to Leeds,' re plied the man. And how long will it be before there's another train to Dingledalo Jnnctiou ?' I asked anxiously. ' Three hours and a half, sir.' This was an awful blow to me. To wait all this time at that roadside sta tion was weary work, especially as I could do nothing. I found, however, I could hire a horse and trap that would take me there in about two hours, I therefore closed with this otter, and shortly after drovo away. .. I felt sure I had made ono step for ward. Kaffar was alive. The blunt Yorkshireman's description of him tallied exactly with tbe real appearaneo of the Egyption. Of course I was not sure, but this was strongly in favor of is being alivo. Tbero was something tan gible for which to work now, and my heart grow lighter. Dingledalo Junction proved to bo rather a busy place. There were two platforms in tbo station, and a refresh ment room, I found also that Mr, Smith was actually represented there, in the shape of a small boy, a dozen novels, and a few newspapers. This, however, did not augur so well for my inquiries. The officials hero would not be so likely to notice any particular passenger. Still . .there was something in my favor. Kaffar would in any circumstances attract atten tion in a country place. His appearance was so remarkable, that any countiyman wonld stop to have a ^econd .look at him. After a great many inquiries, JI found that Kaffar, or a man. strongly resembl ing him, had been there on the night in question, and had taken a ticket for Leeds. He had no luggage, and what made the porter in attendance remember Ibim so vividly was the fafet of his being angry when asked if he had any luggage to be labelled. So far, then, my inquiries were success ful ; so far I might congratulate myself on making forward steps. And yet I was scarcely satisfied. It seemed too plain. Would Kaffar have allowed him self to be followed in suoh a way ? I was not sure. On the one hand, he was very, cunning, and, on the other, he knew but little of the means of detecting people in England. (To be Continued.) 