THE DAY OF REST. THE HOLY SPIRIT. A SERMON by the Rev. HENRY G. NICHOLLS, of Clayton Church, Kensington, Adelaide. "When the comforter, advocate, or helper is came, whom I will send unto you from the Father, he shall bear witness of me; aud ye also bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning."—John xv. 26-27. InlS91 Dr. Dale said "that he felt assured there would shortly be such a display of the Saviour's power in the Church, and through the Church, upon the world outside as had not been seen since Pentecost." If that be so, then we may " thank God and take courage." You, mothers and sistera, fathers and brothers in God's family, together believe in God. • We know He has broken the silence: with His own voice "He has spoken in His Son." . . • • the opinion of the materialistic philosophy, which discovers in matter "the promise and \- potenoy o£ all terrestrial life," man is no more than a marvellous machine. Tn our judgment, however, he is the child o! God, an heir of immortality if he claim his birthright and _ inheritance. Man is transcorporeal. He is not a body. He is a spirit, ana this spirit has a body, that body is an animal, the spirit an angel. The man behind the material frame, the real, permanent, conscious self, acts through that body as the invisible electricity through the copper wire, or as the impalpable snnlight through the humid atmosphere. "Absolute scepticism, and consequently utter intellectual paralysis, are 'the inevitable logical results of any real doubt in the matter of our own existence." (St. George Mwart). Believing in man's spirit, it is a short step to believe in the Spirit of God. Finding man in the world, thinking, trusting, hoping, loving, I cannot pause until 1 find God. Detecting s spirit in the child, I expect to find the same in the parent. Instinctively we exclaim— Xfaon wilt not leave ns in the dust; Thonmadestlnan, he knows not why; •- He thinks he was not made to die; And Thou hast toads him: Thou art just. (In Memsriam.) There is an analogy, as indicated by Paul, between the nature of man and that of God. J1 Cor., 2-10.) Now observe, many things are indubitably true, although they cannot be defiled ; they are real, though incomprehensible. We need not go so far as to say with Tertoleian, "It is impossible; therefore I believe it. Yet every day of our life we accept facts impossible of comprehension or explanation. And accepting: the fact it may \- be illustrated, e.g., St. Patrick found an illustration of the doctrine of the Trinity in the shamrock at his feet. Three manifestations or -.- developments, but one pervasive life. Geometry illustrated it by the triangle, three sides, but one figure; and Paul's psychology illustrates it when he teaches that the one man is flesh, soul, and spirit. \- Now, while the incarnation of God is a fact of history, it is not so easy to demonstrate to . tile intellect the presenoe and power of the Holy Ghost. Of course we may summon in evidence human experience. That field, however, is too wide, though full of interest and value. But yon and I accept this book as containing the "Word of God." To this we appeal. In it is the fire of Divine Truth, as fire is wrapped up in coal, : and the warmth of pious and prayerful thought discloses that hidden fire. . . . . • There is evolution in the Bible as else- • "where. It is in the seed and the sapling, ' in the growth of a child's body and the expansion of its mind. So-As Bible proceeds from less to more, from lower to higher, from good to better, from height to height of truth and doctrine. Hence *' the Spirit is not spoken of in the Hebrew Scriptures as a person, bat as an influence" • (Candlish). Yet in both the Testaments there is the Spirit of God, " that eternal something, / not ourselves, which makes for righteousness." Bat "what was latent in the Old Testament becomes patent in the New." The doctrine ot the "Spirit" corresponds to the doctrine of the " Word." New Testament is related to ,. the Old Testament as ripe fruit to fair flower. And here we are taught both the divinity and onality of the Hebrew Scriptures." I lieve, on the authority of the Scriptures, ihat there is a real distinction in the Godhead, but I cannot define it. Still the proposition that there is a real distinction is just as intelliverse subjects that gravitation brings a body thrown into the air down to the earth. The fact is perfectly intelligible, the terms are perfectly nndei'etood, so far as they are the means of describing this fact. But then, what is gravitation? An affirmative definition cannot be given which is not a mere exchange of synonyms; nor can any comparison define it, for to what shall we liken it?" (Stuart's letters to W. E. Ob aiming.) Then hear, firat, what the Book has to say of the Holy Spirit's divinity:—He is called God ; He possesses the perfections of God; He performs the works of God; sin against Him is sin against God; He \- exercises the sovereignty and resistless will of God. Next as to personality:—He is described as a person- we are baptized into His name; and He is invoked in prayer; men are said to,vex, "blaspheme," "resist," "grieve,'" "quench"the Spirit; He teaches, reproves, helps, quickens, regenerates, sanctifies. He \- is said to know, reveal, bestow power; to distribute gifts to every man as He will; to love, tp March the deep things of God. Of Him it is written that the Spirit "said," "spake." Christ, as a man, was "born of the Spirit;" "anointed," and "sealed;" He was "led by the Spirit;" He "wrought in the power of the Spirit;" He was "justified by the Spirit;" He "offered Himself, and was raised by the Spirit." Then, "the rather is all the fulness of the God- < head invisible, without form, whom no man hath seen or can see." "The Son is all the fulness of the Godhead manifested." ' ''The Spirit is all the fulness of the Godhead, acting immediately upon the creature, and -thus mairiwgmimifmt-. the Father in the image of the Son, and through the power of the Spirit" PS?". E. Boardman). Before Pentecost the Spirit was in Christ; at Pentecost He entered into the "body of Christ," His Churtih. Alfordaays:—"Christ is the Spirit; is identical with the Holy Spirit, not personally nor essentially, but in this department of His divine working. Christ here is .the Spirit of Christ." Lange writes:—" We find here such an identification of Christ and the Holy Spirit that the Lord, to whom the heart turns, is in no practical respect \- different from the Holy Spirit received in conversion. Christ is virtually the Spirit. • The Holy Spirit is Spirit" (vide Commenv taries on Corinthians). The work of this mystic divine breath is both objective and .subjective. He reveals Christ to the human heart, and He transforms us into His likeness. : *• In the teaching of Paul He is represented as dwelling in the Christian as the principle of 'moral and religious life" (Candlish). Here andelsewnere He is called " The Paraclete." Its meaning is, "one who is called in to give instruction, encouragement, or help, or to appearand plead on our behalf' (Candlish). He is the soul's worthy advocate. And no mean praise was this amidst our Lord's last words of yearning love, addressed to the ' \- chosen few. X. The mission of the Holy Ghost to the Disciples.—"He shall bear witness of me." "He shallguideyou into all the triith." (John xvi.13.) How express the words, "Yeshall receive power when the Holy Ghost come upon you," &c.; 'And, again, "They . were all filled with the Holy Spirit." This Spirit was given — X. to console his brethren. "I will send." When our Lord's body was received up to heaven His Spirit was sent forth. He said, "I will not leave ' you desolate: I will come to you." No longer was He with them, a friend walking •ad talking by their side, but an inward companion, loving and leading them. But before the servants could receive this gift their Master must leave them. Said He, "I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto youjbutiflgol will send Him untr- you." "I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you for ev^r." "He shall glorify Me; for He shall take of Mine, and shall declare it unto you." 2. The Spirit was given to comfort His Father's children. "Whom I will send from the Father:" This elder brother He assures them Tas ascending to His Father and their father. " The Father himself loveth you because you have lovod Me, and have believed that I came forth from the Father." Very few care or need to pursue the abstruse discussions of theology. The differences between Arices, Socinua, and Sabellius; the history of the filioque clause of the Nicene Creed; the technical meaning of " generation" as applied to the Son and " procession" as applied to theSpirit—these alike esoteric questions have but little interest for us. But in what sense God is a Father, Christ, a Brother and the Holy Ghost a Comforter is of interest to us. Amid life's warfare to-day the question is, are we receiving the Holy Ghost? Thetis warned Achilles not to proceed to battle without his armour. The Spirit was given to convince and copvert them to the Truth. "The Spirit of Truth. . . He shall bear witness of Me." So long as Jesus was with His disciples they oherished fond expectations of what we may term "the restoration of tlie temporal power." The Jew looked back upon a splendid line of kings and conquerors, having a history of peculiar prosperity. How, then, could he tamely submit to the Roman yoke? Henoe, frequent outbursts and attempts to overthrow the foreign dominion. But these spasmodic efforts only tended to tighten the _ grip of the Caesar upon his possessions. Meanwhile the throne of David was usurped; the Temple of Jehovah defiled. No wonder the Jew sighed for _ deliverer. And these disciples shared in that sigh. But when Jesus died their hopes expired. His grave became the tomb of their expectations, and the boldest man was the greatest coward. Nevertheless, after the bap s f t atrgratomwwmnpwblwb o t t tism of Pentecost they understood the nature of Christ's Sovereignty; the obligation of his spiritual laws. They freely accordcd to him a spiritual homage; they eagerly rendered a spiritual service, and patiently looked for a, spiritual recompense; and being converted thev strengthened each other, speaking the truth in the demonstration of the Spirit, and with power. They could not only tell the truth, but the truth was made to tell. Three thousand were converted in one day. They went everywhere preaching the Word. The Holy Ghost sent down from heaven came as tho Spirit of power to strengthen them; as the Spirit of holiness to purify them; as the Spirit of fire to enkindle them as divine ambassadors. This, then, was the mission of the Paraclete to Christ's disciples, to console them in their bereavement, to confirm our Lord's assurances as to God's Fatherhood, and to transform them from fear to faith, from deserters into true soldiers; in a word, to qualify them for carrying on that great vrork which their Master had only commenced. And we know their trust in God remained unshaken, their loyalty to Christ unswerving, their embassage unsurpassed in its success, (To be continued.) 