THE HAUNTED HOUSE. The pension examiner who'had been on duty in a southern state, was in Woash ington for a week or two, as is the cus tom among that class of public servants, and he was telling of what he had seen and heard in his bailiwick. "Oh, yes," he said, In response to a query, "there were 'ha'nts' there, for where are they not where the darkey pre vails? But the real'ghost of'the whole section was in an old house known as Harley Hall The old house was nearly a hundred years old, and as far back as the people could remenber, It had the repu tationofbeing haunted This reputation had primarily grown oult of the fact that in one of the great rooms of the- house was a door leading somewhere which had never been opened. as far as known, and which resisted every :effort to open it. The room was wainscotd ,in oak?-nearly to the celling,,?and .tlhis dopr was only about, six feet highland three-feet wide, and seemed appropriate asathe entrance to a secret chamber. , It had.heavy iron hinges, and a heavy, iron latch and sta ple,ýeaten deeply by the rust, when I saw "In response to a suggestion from the owner of the place, who 'was showing me over it and telling me the story of its ghost, I made an effort to get the door open, both by pulling at it and by put ting my shoulder against It, and push Ing wih all ny strength. I oven'went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy aclr against It to force it open, but it refused tobudnge an inch. I could tell that it was a well imade door by'tle sound -It gave forth when pounded on, but there was no reason apparent why It shiould not open to reveal what.was on the other side of.it. " The-tory wasaiot.e'= eryw eirl-one. consistlng: mostly of the ru~mor thttton certain nights this: door 'opened and :i former master of tlie house came" forth to wander about: H."-le had never, done any harm or any good to any one, and on the iwhole" the, ghost :.story "was' rather? tame but'the door w?as there, and there was -t mysteTry boiut that' which was still tnsolved through all the years. "Last year the owner of the' hiouse, at my suggestion, opened'the old hall fofo summer boarders, and I led the van and. took the room with the mysterious '^or In it. ' "Blany's the night I'vesat and watch ed that door, arid:often of mbonlight nights I've sat in the open window,waitf Ing to see if the sweetness of the south ens summer night .would not. tenipt.the old iliasf er toialiladeer but hie never lcame forth' to,meet ' : ': :"One ni'lght, though, came the revela tiaonr otlhe mystery. A. cuitain in onie of-the ividdndows of -h itig ?iof the, house was blowstInto a candle flisl;e and flie minutes. lter fire was raiinag. Half an hour liter. the fire was out, but the wing. adjoining my room had lost'Its.upper half,: exposing . the wall of the '-main: bhilding. In the repairs that followed this wall was partly removed; and t-was shohn that thenmysterious door was not a dooer but merely a joke on posterity; played by the orlginal proprietor, wh, lid a" heavy piece of dak 'put in the V'ainscdating-, and hbadi? clred: It with his own hiiiids to' resemnble a door Tfhe hinges and latch liehad put in to carry' the'th>ick to- the?very end.. That door," conclded'the narrator "by actual nme - surement was fourteen inches thick and solider than a stone wall, so that it was no aonder nobody could ever open it." "' ashington Sta. 