RELIGIOUS SERVICES. CONGREGATIONAL, FOREST STREET. —The Rev. A. B. Rofe preached last evening. He spoke on the greed of gain, illustrating his remar ks by the parable of Christ on aj rich man who built larger barns to .tots his worldly goods. He also, spoke' n« forcibly against-the gambling evil. There » great many people in some churches Fbobad put money on the' Cup, and Derby in a,hope of privately drawing a few scores or a jgj&eds; of pounds. "What Jesus Christ said gainst such practices they all knew. There covered that shall not bo revealed, ijfot which is spoken -in darkness shall bo hanra in the light.” That was a .positive fact: Tteman who sins in the dark is sooner or Jitectrippcd bv his sins. ‘ Primitive ’Methodist, Rowan Street.— TbrEev. J. T. Kearns preached at both services .jathis church yesterday. In the morning he ‘pleached an interesting sermon on' the parable «the man who hired servants to work in his rineprd, narrated in the first 16 verses of the ■g0th chapter of St. Matthew, The. scene do seribedin tlio text (said the rev, gentleman) was i market place where the unemployed sought for employment. It was here’ that the good man’sought and-found the laborers for bis'vineyard. Uc offored' tho noon who worked the whole day a penny—an. amount equal to five shillings in English coin. To those who were not engaged until the evening ho did not promise any definite amount, but merely told them ho would pay them what he thought was right. When evening came tho master gave the steward instructions to pay every man a penny. Tho men who had worked all day naturally thought it un fair that they should receive tho same payment as those who bad only worked an air. The preacher said the mode of payment certainly seemed unequal. - But the more you itady it the more you became puzzled. So it was with everything in this world. It often happened that a man who lived in comparative inaction and laziness prospered moro than a nan who worked long and hard...The inequality of this world’s- goods was puzzling people every day, and the farther they looked into the matter the deeper sdSiho<f tbe mystery. But (said tho'prcacher) it was not for us to worry* God’s way of reckoning is a higher way of reckoning thiui wo can over learn. “So the last shall be first and the first last; for many be called but few chosen,” He concluded by- ex horting his hearers to give tlidir lives, into the keeping of Him whose reckoning will surely come right, Wesleyan Sunday School, Eagle hawk. —The anniversary services qT this school were held yesterday in the schoolroom. The Ilev. A. B. Rofo preached in tho morning to a good congregation from tho words “ What manner of child shall this be?” ' The preacher said ho wished to have a talk regarding childhood and im possibilities, and tho end when life shall bo finished for good or evil.. In most instances (be said) a child will bo just what you make it. There is to bo token into account tho action of tho Holy Ghost, but there arc also likely to bo evil qualities inherited. There is no doubt that a child inherits from its- parents qualities both good and bod, bat 'with the good'in fluences of parents these bad qualities, if not altogether overcome, can bo to a great extent minimised or if tlio influence bo bad, greatly extended. It is recognised by tho greatest scientists that physical weak-, nesses aro handed down from father to son for three and four generations,-nnd common sense says it should be the tmnie in tlio spiritual world. Wo must, therefore, not forget that what wo sow that shall wo .also reap. Parents should remember that, their example has o nest influence on theirchildren, arid that if a father smokos and, drinks the child is almost sure to do likewise. Children should also bo taught that they are riot more money-making machines (which is too much tho tendency), that thoy wore brought into tho world for a kfgher purpose than to m&ko; money. H° Cautioned parents against allowing thoir children everything they desired without doing, any thing to gain it. Ho also' cautioned them against expecting thoir children to keep them, at tlio same tikno telling the- children it was. their duty when their parents could no longer work to support thorn. He concluded aa earnest address by warning young men against the dangers of drinking and smoking. The Rev. E. 0, Knee preached in tho after noon, and the Rev, A. Powell in tho evening to overflowing congregations. The children, sang anniversary hymns with good .effect. Mr. J. R. Richards was conductor,- arid Miss L. Thomas organist Tho annual tea will bo held to-night, 8r. Paul's Church.— This church cele brated its anniversary yesterday,, when two services wore conducted by tho von. Aroh fe&con; MacCullagh. In tho evening ho' gave a brief history of the church since its, inception. It was opened on November 12, 1868, and ho preached bis first sermon there'on November ' 13,1670. The churoh at that time would nccom oocUto 320; now it seated 650,and tlio ordinary Sunday collections were, more than doubled. »1870 there wertrlS tCMhdi^'arid r '92 pupils;' now the teachers numbered 70, and last Sunday “0 pupils present number 013. To show- tho Manges which had taken place ho stated tbatin 1«70 there were 60 communicants, and at the pre mot time there wore five times that number. Of the fiO, 20 had loft, 20 wore dead, and 11 still jmnained. Of tho original vestry of 10, two b*d loft, three hod resigned (two of whom »«re now oh arch wardens) and five were. dead. Uohad labored alone in 1870,'. and -now' there jwetwo clergymen, four students, at Pony JUH, and six laymen who had; bpori licensed by bishop loV hold services. ' Services ( wore wld every Sunday in tlio diocese as follows; — Iwo at Golden Square, two at White Hills, and . mo each at Emu Greek, Strathfloldsnyo, Epsom, Jhmtly, Bagsbot, Postorvillo, Spring Gully and Oram Flat. During.the 27 years pf'hia minis kotlon ho hod prepared upwards of 700 for confirmation, celebrated 1700 marriages and baptised 7000 children. In 1670 only tho nave of the churoh was built, arid tlio church debt to £3800, increasing in 1877 to '£9300. There woo then no Sunday, school, gallery, parson ago, tower or bolls. "“>eo then all those hod boon * procured. Sunday school host £750, tlio ohancol “W.'Uio organ and gallery £700, the parsonage A.13Q0, the re- arrangement of pews, etc., £200,. the tower and bolls £3300, and the church Mw owed in debentures about £900, It had in cash during his term, hero £10,860, in Mditionto jtho interest for 25 years., Tho jtaoday school; choir arid corigrogation had oil wiped to do this, and the -church was tlio host Pudence of what had bepn done. : Tlicf churoh crowded toits utmost capacity, and .those Hma woro.ljstonod to with tho greatest in vest;, The sermon was also, greatly appro tyted, tho tcxk.hoing token Daniel, i3tb yhaptor, 13th verso. Tho, musical • portion of Wservice was under.the.control of Mv. K J. tt. l’ r J an ) and it was oven; hotterrendered than « uaoally tho case, and it lfcnt a’thoroughly •Ppreciablo air toan otherwise nioafclntbrosting wvieo. ,. ' 