Readings in Catholic Doctrine. THE GOSPEL DOOR O¥ MERCY. (Concluded.) Continue now Mio text: 'When Ho had said this, He breathed on thorn : and Ho said to thorn : Receive yo tho Holy Ghost.' .Stop thero and mark tho moaning of those solemn words : ' Rocoivo yo tho Holy Ghost.' Why dobs Christ invest his apostles with this divine power? Evidently it must be to exercise by its virtue a divine prerogative. What is this office they are to fulfil by tho power of tho Holy Ghost? Road on, and slowly, and weigh well, tho words, and you will learn : 'Rocoivo yo tho Holy Ghost : whoso sins you shall for give, tlioy aro forgiven thorn : and whoso sins you 'shall retain, they aro retained.' Hero', by these plain, simple, and expressive words, Christ bestows upon his apostles tho power to forgive sins. After this, can any one who trusts his own oyos and reads tho Gospel, and is a Christian, deny it? Tho words of Christ are too plain and direct to bo given any othor moaning tlinn that which they bear on their face and naturally signify. There is no escape from their moaning oxcopt it bo to give up tho Biblo and deny tho authority of Christ. Had I. not reason when I said that there is no fact in Holy Writ more plain than that Jesus Christ gave to His apostles tho power to forgive and retain sins ? You object : ' Suppose Christ did give to His apostles the power to forgive sins, it docs not follow that one must tell his sins to a priest in order to obtain their forgiveness,' But it does follow, and follows neces sarily, as you shall see. When Christ gave the power to forgive sin, He also gave tho power to retain sin. There is, therefore, a question to be decided when the .sinner comes for pardon : Shall his sins Vic for givon or shall they bo retained ? The sins of those only who are truly penitent are to be forgiven, and forgiveness refused to the impenitent. It would bo a sacrilege to pronounce forgiveness over a sinner who is impenitent and not resolved to avoid ?offending God in the future. How then is one to know whether he should use the power to forgive or to retain sins unless the sinner manifests his sins and tho disposition of his heart? This manifesta tion is nothing else than confession. The power to forgive and retain sin, and confes sion, are inseparable, tho former cannot be exercised rightly anil with discretion with out tho latter. And as the power to for give and retain sin comes from Jesus Christ, it follows thet confession comes from him and is of divine obligation. It is in the priest, who is ' ordained for men in' the things that appertain to God, who can have compassion on thorn that are ignorant, and that err : because ho himself is compassed with infirmity,' tho sinner finds that disinterested and sacred friend to whom he can pour out tho secret sorrows of his soul, and make known its wounds ; in the priest he finds a spiritual physician who has the science and skill to cure the soul of the ravages of sin, and to prescribe such rules as Avill place it out of the danger of falling again. In the priest he finds a spiritual father who feels in his breast an interest akin to that felt for souls by Christ, and whoso duty it is to counsel, encourage, and console the sinner. More over, tho priest is a friend who not only consoles, but ,who also, by tho authority of Christ and in tho name of the Most Holy Trinity pronounces the forgiveness of his sins ; which, being ratified in heaven, frees tho sinner from tho bonds and guilt of sin, and fills his soul anew with a peace and joy above all earthly possessions. Here aro all tho wants of tho human heart satis fied by tho fulfilment of a religious duty. Here friendship takes tho character of religion, and by a divine power is trans formed into a sacrament. Confession, at tho same timo that it is adapted to meet all tho wants of man's nature, has for its authority the express words of Holy Scrip ture, and for its author Jesus Christ ! 'Grant that Christ gave tho power to forgive sins to the apostles ; but when they died it ceased.' Who told you that? Why should tho apostles forgive sins, and their successors not? Is there any reason in one case which is not equally good in the other ? Thero is no word in Holy Writ about it. Did the power to preach the gospel, or to baptix.o, coase with the apostles V If not, where do you find in tho Bible that those powers wore to be transmitted to tho successors of tho apostles and not the other? Your assertion carried out would overthrow Christianity entirely. If all sin had ceased wlion tho apostles died, your words would have some real value ; but as for sins and sinners, there is no lack of them nowadays, lieuco tho power to forgive sins is no less necessary for us than it was in the times of the apostles. ' But I confess to God alone !' There i.s no objection to that ; it is a devout and praiseworthy exercise to confess one's sin to God alone. But is this all that God requires for the forgiveness of your sins ? That is the question. In a matter of such serious importance it will not do to trust to our own fancy as to what should be done. Confess your 'sins to God alone, if you please, but there is no word in tho gospels to assure you of their forgiveness for it. To trust to your own authority hero is like leaning on a broken rood. Saint Augustine, fourteen hundred years ago, answered well thoso who would set up their fancy of con fessing to God alone against tho words of the Bible and tho authority of Christ: ' Lot no one say, ' I do penance in secret be fore God ; God know.' what passes in my heart, and it is lie who pardons.' Is it then in vain ho has said, ' Whoso siua you shall forgive, they are forgfvun j whoso sins you shall retain, they .shall bo retained?' Is it uselessly that Christ has given the keys to the Church?' The obligation of confessing sin to those who have succeeded to tho apu.stlos ia not left optional, for this is tho way appointed by God to obtain forgiveness. And who can hope for pardon if he neglects to seek it in tho way God has appointed? ' Is it not degrading to our manhood to be obliged to toll our sins to a fellow-man?' It is a necessity and law of our natui o, as has been shown, and there is no argument, as you know, against necessity. Degrading ? Why degradation comes fromsin, and con fession is the very means by which wo get rid of sin, assert our true manhood, and again rise to the dignity of a Christian. ' Does not confession take away the feel ing of personal responsibility to God?' No ! for it is in obedience to God that you make your confession ; in confession tile man i.s forgotten in the priest, whom God has en trusted with power as Ins agent. ' Tho Catholic: doctrine concerning the sacrament of confession must be full of con solation to those who can belioA'o it !' Can believe it ! Why my friend, do you not see that it requires a greater stretch of faith to hope for pardon ot your sins without con fession than with it? The oneway has in its favor the plain words of the gospel and tho express authority of Christ, together with the immemorial teaching and practice of the Christian Church, and the other has no ground at all to stand on ! Truly the Catholic Church answers tho cry of the soid for confession, and opens in the confessional the gospel door of mercy to sinners, and thus faithfully represents Him who came to save sinners. His spirit actuates her, and she can, with tho accents of truth, address sinners in His touching words: 'Come to me, all you that labor, and are burthened, and I will refresh you : . . . and you shall find rest to your souls.' 