PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) iajnjlujn, March 26. — Lord Kantuny's appoint ment a.a Governor of New Zealand was only pub licly announced this morning. He was appointed a Lord-In-Waiting on the formation of the pre sent Government in 1895. His earldom Is an Irish title, but lie sits in the House of Lords as Baron Ranfurly of Ramphorlie, County Renfrew, United Kingdom. Tills United Kingdom peerage recognises the descent of Lord Ranfurly from tho Scottish Knoxes of Ranfurly, a family to Yfhich the Scottish Reformer, John Knox, be longed. A member of tho Knox family settled in Ireland in 1092, and was member for Dungannon and a Privy Councillor. Ono of his descendants, another member of Parliament for Dungannon, became an Irish peer, Lord Welles, and after wards Viscount Northland. Tho late Archbishop Knox was his grandson. Tho second Viscount Northland was made Lord Ranfurly, and the peer who now becomes Governor of New Zea land Is great grandson of the first Lord Ranfurly. Ho Is in his 41st year. His brother, who held the title before him, died while on a shooting ex pedition la Abyssinia In 1875. Many people in Sydney will learn with deep re gret that Mgr. Augustus William Berney Petre (Father Petre) has gone from this world. He died at Sloane-street, London, on Sunday last, after battling for six weeks with typhoid fever, at the early age of 47. Father Petre was tbe son of Captain Charles Petre, grandson of the tenth Baron Petre, by Ills marriage with the Hon. Charlotte Eliza, sister of tho twelfth Baron Petre. He was educated with a view to a mili tary career. He, indeed, became an officer In her Majesty's army, but at the age of 25 threw up his commission and took orders in the Roman Catholic Church. Soon after be accompanied Archbishop Vaughan to Australia, and for years labored in Sydney. Ho was transferred to Portsmouth about two years ago as senior priest of St. John's Roman Catholic Cathedral. IIo speedily became "an influence" In the town, and his efforts among the young resulted in the es tablishment of the Young Men's Catholic Union, a society which, apart from religious considera tions, Is doing excellent social work. Father Petre had suffered greatly from blood-poisoning latterly, and this had to a great extent under mined his constitution, rendering him an easy prey to the virulent fever which was the immedi ate cause of his untimely death. Tho 64 rooms taken at the Plotcl Cecil for the colonial Premiers and their suites form but a corner of that vast building. It contains 1200 apartments altogether. A month ago I was glorying In the fact that tbe dreaded "la grippo" had to all intents and purposes overlooked London this year. Alas! the vaunt was premature. We are now in the midst of a tremondous epidemic, tho only conso latory fact being that the attacks seem, as a rule, slight. Notwithstanding this circumstance, the deaths last week numbered 30, tho largest total since '1895. Most ot the Cabinet, including tbe Premier, havo been temporarily laid low, and In even' household just now someone is ill. I have had yet another visitor who is in tho middlo of a llttio stroll round tho world. This gentleman, Mr. Borcsford Greatheed, started from Vancouver about two years ago, and arrived in England last January. His routo now lies through Belgium,- Austria, Russia, China, and Japan, whence he will mako his way to Australia and New Zeainnd, and so back to Vancouver. So far, Mr. Beresford has worn out 12 pairs of boots, and though he has had somo exciting ad ventures, he appears little the worse for them. He has "lit" hears and coyotes and Indians and things, but suffered greatest damage by an en counter with a barrel of beer in tho prosaic neighborhood of stony Stratford. The barrel dropped on his foot, and laid him out for a couple of weeks. Mr. Greatheed intends to write a hook at tho conclusion of ills stroll. Judging by his rate of progression up to the present, we 3hall bo somo little way into the 20th century before his volumo achieves press notices. Louis Bccke, who has taken a little place called Parkhurst at Twickenham, expects to remain in England for several months to come. Ho tolls me ho has an extra special short story, illus trated by Caton Woodvillo, coming out in an early issue of the "Illustrated London News." In Iho "Pall Mall Gazette" of Tuesday, Mr. Beeke presented us, under the heading of "A Spurious Utopia," with sundry painful disclo sures anent Norfolk Island. Tho facts aro taken from the report ot the New South Wale3 Com mission on the island. Fisher Unwin is pub lishing a new book of tales by Becke on April 15. It is to be entitled "Pacific Tales," and is dedi cated to "Tom de Wolf, of Sydney"— the author's old "boss" and comradd In the north-west Paclflc for many years. Mr. dc Wolf is now settled in England, and is living near to his former super cargo. The volume will, lu accordance with tho present fashion, have the author's portrait as a frontispiece. Though Mr. and Mrs. Durward Lely are ex perienced and accomplished artistes, it would not havo occurred to me that they were strong enough to entertain an cxlgeant Australian audi ence for two hours entirely by themselves. Even the biggest stars have found that a high trial. As, however, the infallible Smyiho takes Mr. and Mrs. Lely in hand for SO recitals of their "Scottish Song and Story" show, the chances aro it is something extra special. Tho Lelys do not start till May, 1S9S. Mr. Tree, finding hl3 scheme for opening Her Majesty's Theatre with a record-cast perform ance of "Hamlet" Impracticable, intends to rely on "The Seats of the Mighty," which Gilbert Parker has rewritten and remodelled sinco his American tour. I regret to notice the death of Mr. Parker's mother-lu-law, Mrs. Vantine. From gossip in the "British Australasian" I learn that Ada Crossley has the "flue" — an ex pensive experience, involving the abandonment of four lucrative engagements — and that Ilerr Gorlitz "gave a barty" on Monday in honor of Mme. Amy Sherwin's natal day. The Australian Nightingale hns reached a timo of life when most matrons prefer to forget their birthdays. But Mme. Shorwin is nothing If not simple aud unaffected. Mr. Phil May was also at home at llowsley 011 Sunday evening, and many Austra lians looked in there when the Sabbath began to abate. These included tho Gorlitzes, tho Ber tram M'Konnals, Miss Almec Moore, Signor Ca- tanl, Eugene VanzetU, Wlllio Nichail, etc. Wal- lago Kennedy, the South Australian tenor, was tho hero of the Colonial Club concert on Wed nesday, ills singing of "Destiny" (by Mr. Mooro, of Ballarat) being tho feature of the evening. Lord Onslow has arranged his differences with his colleagues on tho London County Council, and withdrawn his resignation as loader of tho Moderates. Mr. Herbert Harris, of Sydney, was 'among the IS now members of the Royal Colonial In stitute elected at tho usual monthly meeting of the council on Tuesday. The list includes also Sir G. T. M. O'Brien, K.C.M.G., tho new Gover nor of Fiji, and tho Hon. Wm. P. Schreiuer, Q.C., ex-Attorney-General of Capo Colony, who is in London in connection with the investigations into tho Jameson raid. Lord and Lady Carrington entertained a party of 20 to dinner on Saturday evening, to meet tho Duko and Duckes3 of York. Sir John Gorst's son Harold, who was, I fancy, born In New Zealand, has Just brought out a new blend of Action, a kind of cross between novel ette and treatiso, entitled "Without Blpodshod." The blessing and safety of thousands as com pared with tho dangers and misery of millions Is the author's theme. Ho deals with the his- : tory of ono Mark Smith, who began with a piece of orange-peel as his sole stock-in-trade, and passed through billions to the dock and an early giave. Mr. Gorst has Inherited undoubtedly his father's faculty of seeing ail round a subject. He writes carefully, and not without a touch ot humor, and his book should he read with interest by men and women of various moods and in comes. Colonial visitors who roach London by April 22 may. If they possess influence, witness an his toric representation of "Hamlet." Mr. Tree has decided to open Her Majesty's Theatre with Shakespeare's tragedy, playing it for ono night only. According to present arrangements, the cast will include tho lessee in the title role, with Airs. Tree as Ophelia, Mrs. Kendal as the Queen, Mr. Bancroft as Ghost, Kendal as Laertes, Lionel Brough as First Gravedlgger and Penley as Second. Should the now piece "Saucy Sally" at tho Comedy not prove a draw, Mr. Chas. I-Iawtrey proposes to try his luck on tour lu Australia. Everybody likes tho volatiio Charles, and as tho cool liar of farcical comedy lie is admittedly un equalled. But his repertoire cannot exactly bo termed varied. Tho names ut his parts chango, hut they are as like ono another as peas. This doesn't matter in London, where tho actor lias his recognised niche, but on tour I can imagine it might prove a drawback. 