POLITICAL F#H. oat to show his bravery. \ ThobeanHfolconsistenoy of fevernment by OontradiotioD ia e'''!}1***. » ft? I irranYnVention of ?ueBdevil, yet, being *' 'w «f the Ministry which fathers the WBzsm those times. ^ « ? rtis remarkable what a lot oT cripples gSacsagapE wsm ofauowiiiK the common people how easily SociS can be demolished by the tapier thrusts of daily newspapers. To anybody -W.« taken \b» trouble to master tbe tat principles, of Socialism, w «« i^nnaira to eet in out of the wet, wiese vaPoSrin^B of half-educated apologuta for Ztocracy are provocative «f many qoiet nmileB and an ooeasional wild burst ot taSarity For instance, the Tasmwiun .News the Xr day ponderously and eolemnly warned tbe oitieens to beware of wolves £f sheen? clothing who 'denonnoe every form ofPGovernment wbioh - in exiatenoe, nnd (hold your breath I) Biog The Mar seillaise' II ^ * » '? Five thousands British engineers on strike for a reduction of hourB from 51 to 48. And this in tue } ear of Jubilee 1 ^ Civil servants who are members of the Defence Force have been kindly accorded permission to attend the Guard of Honor or 1 ore a salute or otherwise take part in Ira ditioaal flummery at tbe opening of the Parliament on 'fuesday. . And of oourse they will roll up. We gainer irom tu« «»« that tbe method of opening adopted last session hasn't the ghost of a show of repe tition. People would perhaps lose, their reverence for the ??institooiUi' if tbe opening was not dressed up iu gold lace andmnch cocked-bat. We ate a wonder ful people. ^ ^ * Tbe Viotorian Old Age Pensions com mission examiaed Actuary Alepp, of tho Saving Bauk the other day. AH the light ., ?*! ? u .1.0J nn tha anhinct of old ^e peuslooB was tbat-'there w not nearly eSough encouragement given for thrift m Victoria; and penny saving* bank, should be'establiBhed in connection with every State I school in the colony.' From tb.is.it is very plain that Hie study of economics formB no part of the education of a savings bank actuary. When a nation begins to teach its children to hoard coppers it is a Bare aio-n of national deoay. Hoarding money is not a saving -to tbe nation. It simply reduces the standard of living, keeps money out of circulation and turns a common - wealth into a nation of misers, jostling each other in a mad rush after the shadow of a fraction of a farthing which they can't eat or wear. Ex-Speaker Bird has been enlightening his Franklin constituents in polities, At least that was said to be his intention, but Wnnri nirinir his armroval of the 'Wealth Tax— which by the way even en ex- H Speaker ought to know is utterly impossible H —he said nothing likely to set the Huon on ^B fire- ? . . m Perhaps when tbe Tasmanian fruit indus- ^1 try is in the last etages of decay and the most H industrious ofour orcbardists ere living in H caves end collecting their shellfish break- H fasts from the rocks, tbe Government will H consider the matter of establishing a State H Bxport Department on the liueB of the very H Buocessful South Australian experiment. H Even then some fossilised speoimen of a leg- H islator will probably rise to protest againBt H such innovation as an unwarranted interior- H ence with Private Enterprise 1 Gueerful,isn t H it. ____^_i__-_- ? 