Echuca Plumpton Oouroing Club. OPENING MEETING. Yosterday the opening raeuting of tho Echuca Plumpton OoursingClub was hold on the oval, Echuca race course. The ptopor opening meeting should have taken placa laat month, hut owing to tho prevailing dry weather that meeting had to be annulled, tho entries being ou that occasion espoDiolly good, Yesterday's meeting was looked forward to by the committee an one of the principal of tho season, in consequence of the vory large number of entries, viz., 35, being received. The closing of tho entries took place soma time back, and it was anticipated that somo of the principal puppies of tho colony would compete. However, tho fate of tho club seemed to be doomed, and through the non appearance of that which is generally looked forward to-rain-some fifteen of the outslda nominators deemed ib advisable withdraw their nominations, considering that it would bo nothing but madness to run their dogs, and, probably ruin them tor tha remainder of the season. With this large withdrawal and the soaroi'y of entries for tha H&wkes; burn Stakes, tlie committee deo'ded to only run a ono day's match instead of two, aa sob out on the programme. No one, we venturo to say, looked mora forward to a good down pour than this enterprising body, and had they got what ihey desired they would have had many Melbourne, Bendigo and other competitors, whose patranage and presence wore so prominent last yo»r. Tho atton» dance, consequently, was not so great &a; might have been anticipated, but those who attonded witnessed some very good oouroing. The harrowing of the ground helped to mako tlia "going" for the dogb much more easy' than if it bad beon left untouched, and its appearance spoke of somo trouble and expanse. The hares were nob so good and strong as tho numbers they had laat year, but this is eaBily accounted for. To keep tho hares alive the committe had to feed them on oats, with the result that they put on too muoh condition, making them too heavy to ran. Very few of them got away to cover, to savo themselves for a few weeks longer, Some of the competitors were vary . olever indeed, the puppy- Qualification - owned by Mr E. Peterson, showing tha spectators some very clever pick-np's. The kills performed by this puppy wore extremely surprising, and on one occasion it moat have leaped three yards to pick up the prey. Qualification is by Qualifier, from Raillery. In the deciding course Qualification met and defeated Messrs Blundell and Ryan's Hnzelbough, by 5 points to 2. The Supple mentary Stake had seven competitors, the winner turning up in Ashman's Biddy, by ? Richmond-Juno, who beat Thomas' and Ashman's Rosie 4.dair, very easily, the course being very much one-Bided, bob Rosin Adair was very sore on her feet. Both winB were popular, and the Challenge Puppy Stakes' win by Mr E. Peterson waa , much appreciated. Mr J. Wilkinson, tha . j secretary, was very attentive to his duties, and performed the ljon'a share of the work j In ii vary satisfactory manner. The Presi dent, Mr P. Chenhalls, helped materially. ; The judging of Mr T. Ohadwlck wu« never 1 questioned, thus Bhowing that he is well up in his business. The same remark applies to Mt J. F. Turner, the slipper, whilst tho slip stewards, Messrs J. Dickson Bnd W. Kerr, and tho trapper, Mr M'Inerriey, per , formed the duties entrusted to them in a very satisfactory manner. A special train I ran to the course, but was not too well patronised. The following are the results THE ECHUCA CHALLENGE POPPY STAKES. 16 Puppies at £2 2s eaoli. Winner £24 ; runner-up, £9 ; third and fourth dogs, £2 10s each. (Forfeit, £6.) All leas 10 per cent. First Round. Thomas and Ashman's blk and w b The Machinist, Robin Adair-Lady Living stone (Nov., '95) beat R. Potter's f d Barney O'Hea, Sir Wilfred-Lass (July, 95) by 0 points to 1. 1 E. W. Peterson's f and w b Qualification, Qualifier-Raillery (July, 95) beat Thomas and Ashman'* ns blue and w d Balaclava, Inkerinan-Football Punch (Deo.,'95) by 4 points to mil. lfl. W. Peterson's blk and w b Tea Rose, Dick- Bright Rose ("Janry., '90) beat J. F. Williams' r b Boomerang, Gumsucker Unique (Oct., 95) by 10 points to nil. Morgan and Simmons' r or f b Mollle Itilpy, Ghost-Winnie (Janry,, '96) beat W Flanagan's w and f b Waterfly, Waterbury Fly (Aug., '95) by 6 points to 1J. J. T. Caldwell's blk and w b Cerlto, Sharp-Queen uf Scots (July, '95) beat 0. Owen's ill bluo d Blue Boy, Inkerman Football Punch (Dec., '95) by 12J points to 6i. Blundell and Ryan's blk d Hazelbough, Shaughraun-Hazolbloom (Nov., '95) beat Thomas and ABhman's f and w b Rosy Adair, Robin Adair-Beehive Rose (Oct., '95) by 84- points to 5. J. Swan's f d Tho Mank«man, Fangh-a. Bnllagh-Haz«well (Dot., '95) heat P. Chenhalls' blk and w d Czir, Sweep-Royal Rose (Dec., '95) by 5 points to4. ? Thom»s and Ashman's r or f and w d Sandy Adair, Robin Adair-Lady Living stone (Nov., '95) beat K. W. Peterson's blk and w d Fearnought, Fearless-Nora Creitia (Dec., '95) by 65 points to nil. First Tie'. Qualification beat The Machinist by 4| pnintn to 3i. Mollie Riley beat Tea Ho e by 6A points to 3ft. Haze'boufjh beat Cerito by 6jt points to 3. Sandy Adair beat The Manksman by 7 points to 3. Second Ties. Qualification beat Mollie Riley. Hazelbough beat Sandy Adair. Final. E. W. Peterson's f and w b Qualification, Qualifier-Raillery (July, '95) beat Blun dell and Ryan's H»zulbough by S points to 2 and won the stake. Qualification led up and tumsd Hazelboughgofc in and scorad twu paints after which Qualification got in and accnmp'ished a clever kill. A protest itob onteiud by the owner of Haielboagh against Qualification on the grounds of nob being eligible to compete in a puppy atalcea but it was withdrawn. SDPPLBHBNTABY STAKE Of £11". Winner, £H ; runner-up, £2. First Round. W. Ashman's f b Biddy, Kichmoad Juno boat J Dickson's n« b and w b Actress, Arbitrator-Quinoy. Actress would not run, nnd Biddy, running the course by her self, killed the haro. J. O'Neill's b!k d The Rir»n, Greenhorn Alice Hawthorne, boat 3. F. Williama' f b Fair Play. Maori King-Nellie Bly by flj points to 3. Thorn.,', nnd Ashman's f and w t Rosie Adair, Hi'bin Ad'iir-Beehive Rose beat VV. Flanagan's w and f b Watisrfly, Waterbnry -Fly by 5 points to 4. The pair wore slipped, but Rosy Adair unsighted, and th% run off resulted as abevo. W. Kerr'n ns blk d Charles II, Karoopa Fly, run a bye. First Tios. Biddy beat The Raven Kosie Adair beat Charles II Final. W. Ashman's f d Biddy, Richmond-Juno beat Thomas' and Ashman's f and tv b Rosy Adnir, by 12 poinia to 2, and won the stake. The winner workod splendidly and gained a considerable number before Rosy Adair got in to Noore the point* sht> did. From this out Biddy never let Rosy Adair in and scored » good kill as the hara was getting to the esc.'pu puddock. The course was a gruelling One fov tlu> winner. Tlie settling up took placo in the evening at Broderick's Hotel, wlii:ti thtre was a good number present. Several toasts were pro? posed and responded to. The evening wiis thoroughly enjoyed, and the cheques fpr th« different events were handed o-yey, 