NEWS AND NOTES* A big military tournament will be held in Lisniore next December. * In a Police Court case ' in Sydney, reofintly, n witness swore that an organ grinder's takings were from £1 to 30s per day.- Not at all a bad screw. Women in Austria cannot under anv ? circumstances be imprisoned or con- , demned to death. The attempts to recover tbe mails of the Tasmania have been abandoned. , A parcel of 30 tons of ore - sent -from . Hannan's mine (Kalgoorlie) to London, has: returned 300ozs. of gold. ; fir}'; Arredondo, who assassinated President jBordu, of Uruguay, is an officer in the army of the Republic. The motive for the assassination of President Borda was personal hatred. The President was assassinated when leaving a -thanks- giving service in the Cathedral. The poor-boxes of the Society St. Vincent de Pnul were reoently stolen from St. Joseph's R. O. Church, Rock dale, and St. Patrick's R. C. Church, Kogarah. The vagabond who would descend to such a crime can depend upon a ' warm ' reception from the devil. ? The Hon. Sydney Smith, Minister, for Mines and Agriculture, has now com pleted his 15th year as a representative in Parliament. The Australian rabbits brought by the steamer Damascus arrived in London in excellent condition and' realised 9£d each. The committee of Luck'now strikers have about £700 in hand for distribu- ' tioii.- ? ? ? In 1896 the value of the -gold ex tracted from the earth amounted to £50,000,000. A- New York wife has secured a ? divorce- because her husband ' kissed . her in a cold and matter- of-fact manner.' ; ? A cauliflower has been cut - at Coon- ? amble, which .weighed 431bs. During the seven month's ended J uly, 21, 310 passengers went from the eastern k colonies to Western Australia. 7 A New York gentleman was married to a young lady while she held the hand - of her dead mother in her coffin. The mother having died before the marriage, ' - the daughter thus satisfied her uncon trollable impulse that her husband , should receive his bride from her mother's hands. A novel parcel for delivery by express post was handed in at the Birmingham - Post Office. A working man, who had been' out of town with his three-year-old child, arrived in Birminghnm in time to reach his place of business, but not sufficiently early to take the child'home. He therefore walked into the nearest ; post-office and tendered the youngster frs an express parcel. The authorities, under the rule regulating the delivery ]f live animals, accepted the child, and July delivered it at a charge of 9d. New South WaleB has 2,639i miles jf railways and 62i miles of Government tramways. Arrangements for the mail contracts, via Suez, are now completed. The time Eor delivery of mails will be shortened by four days. An address, congratulating the Queen upon the completion of the sixtieth year of her reign, was forwarded on behalf af the Highland Society of New South Wales, and the Secretary of State for the Colonies has replied that ' it was July laid before her Majesty, who ? commanded that an expression of her thanks should be conveyed to the Society. ' The dairymen of Holland boast that in their country there is a cow to every inhabitant. The owner of the saddle and swag found near Dunoon road lias been found. It was lost off a horse that escaped about ' 5 months ago. In Mexico the school children who have made most progress in their studies are given permission by their teachers to smoke cigars while pursuing their lessons. The marriage of Margaret Mary Maud M'Dermid, of South Grafton, to Robert Foster was solemnised last week. At Glen In'nes last week some capital shooting was done. In a short time two residents bagged no less than 108 quails and seven hares. While some sportsmen were out shoot ing quail on Disputed Plains recently, a charge of shot was lodged in Mr. James Armstrong and his horse. Fortunately the injuries, although extremely' painful, were not dangerous, and Mr. Armstrong is recovering. The Agricultural Department has dis covered the existence in the northern district of a destructive orchard pest ' known as the San Jose scale. . ' Recently at an execution in Bombay the hangman was observed to carefully secure the rope, and particularly that part of it which had encircled the neck of the culprit. He stated that he could sell every quarter-inch of it; as it averted evil spirits and ghosts, and even pre vented death from hanging. ?. Tn connection with the sugar industry at the Fiji Group, late advices state that all the mills in the group are now in active operation, and tho weekly output ' will be about 1000 tons. All the mills will work on up till Christmas, while some will possibly extend their operations into next year. Tenders have been accepted by the Minister for WorkB for the following public works: — Roads; Ballina to Byron Bay, via North Creek — J. Robinson, Tintenbar, £233 ; Ballina to Cooper Shoot— H. Cochran, Lismore, £323 ; Wardell to Rous— P. Slattery, Wardell, £206 j Woodburn to Tucki— M. Burke, Coraki, £233. 