REVIEWS. Messrs. £. 5. Wige t son havo sent to us, on behalf of tho publishers, two now. volumes inHutchinson'sColouial Library. Tho first, '* Uncauny Tales.' bespeaks its purpose in its title. The book is designed and executed on old-fashioned ghost-story lines, and tho narra tive of 'The Shadow in the Moonlight' deals with tbe strange proceedings of a spook who shared all a fond loverV liking for walking when tho lustrous silvern orb of. night is at its post in the firmament, whose* ruling post mortem passion ran apparently in the dazzliug- ewellery line, and' .who behaved, altogether in such a freakish manner a» would have delighted tho heart rot Mr. W: T. Stead. Indeed, it is perhaps as well that- the ghost has been laid to rest by Mrs. Molesworth in this volume ; otherwise ' tho good journalist' would probably have had him interviewed, or even appointed sub- editor of 'Borderland.' **A Well-meaning Woman,' by Clo. Graves, is the work of an author possessing, a copious vocabulary- of good English, to 'which occasionally are unwisely added a few archaic terms of not exactly self-coined words. Tho writing is charmingly clear and incisive, and as for tho tbenie— well, those who swear by OuidaTslcrid pictures of the abominations of modem society sn dUpiayed in^ ' Views and Opinions' will not bo disposed to swear at Clo. Grsvess charcoal ekescbes. Tho 'a%'erago reader may fancy that some of -the. heroes and beroines, villains and' \\-illaineaaea. arc drawn caricaturistically ra£her than chtrac teriotkally, but on tho whole t'oo book shows that its ? creator has an emaablo power of portraying the vices aud : the virtues of raman nature as it is in society. Thegeneral impression left by the recital of the cxpori onccnof tawcU-meaninc woman'— that is. an inveteratejuatcu-inakcr — 1» taat uie coming ot the niiUcnioru docstipt oppsor to be a closely impendiii(f event in theiwwLl of fasbion, acd that on» of Marie CpTelffs UgasS heroes ivouid not laic congeuidi; jcoapany tUcre. . Still, jrlimpsesof the. ; batter aspects of Jifc are given, knd this tburbutrhly readable ua vsl has a purpose beyond tbai of men* entertainment. From the Hsmb bboksoilers ''The Qcean of the- Moor,' . by. Frederic Ady»y Maoiaiilan's CJolonial Library, lias reached ui. This work uas already gono into a bccoud edition— a fact wbicb is a practical proof of popularity, snd a pretty fair indication of special merit. '' MrT W..C. Rigby has sent us Xo.S2l of Macmillan'ft Colonial Iiibrafy. This volume is a republication of the series of retoarkabib articles contributed to London magazines by ** Imperialist,' it has a ;.supplemeai tarv chapter by ' ;Dr. Jamesion , *' en- titkd 'My- Reminucenccs of Cecil Ilhodes.' and it i***bmbellubttd with, a map and por traits. As tho hero of both writers is now a man of tho timo more completely than in the' popular sense he ever was before, this book is nguticnlarly timely, and its' references to the Raid on the : Rand, the ;raidc», and the Coloasus of Rhodes are extremely interessin^ and serviceable.* Tiie /Right Hon. Cecil Rhodes has & good literary- hater in MrV Laboochcrc, but this . work is an ' evi dence of the facr that ho has also enthusi astic friends in the literary world. -.'About Catherine ' do' Jledict.' translated, bv Clara Bell, with a preface by George Saintabury, is Ho. 303 of Macrnillan's Colonial Library, and this also reaches us through Mr. W. C. .Rigby. The ' productions of ? - tho famous; author of ' Comedie'Humaine'1 require no comment. '\ Sir Edward Clarke relates a reminiscence qt the far-away time' when he looked from the Reporters' Gallery oh the floor of. the Houde, where he has. 'made so brilliant a reputation. Ho Miid he riMnornbored X-?rd Salisbury, then Lord Robert Cecil, in reply to tUo late Sir Robert Peel. who. as Chief Secretary, had described Ireland's qualitiei~as a sheeppro dncing coansovsay-1-**! wonder would the Right Hon. Baronet wish all the people in Ireland to be converted into sheep!' , 'I wonder,' said Sir Edward. .** would ; Lord Salisbury now-wish. tho peoplaof Ireland to ijeT sheep?' ?'No,~saidMr. Healv,' 'becaufolie could uot tax them.' ??'But,' joined, in Mr.* MacXciU,'**snroly he could fleece tBem.' ? 'h During tho social reign of Catherine de Medici* tbe ladies- never washed their faces. There was an idea tbatwater injured the com plexion, and .the taco-.was simply wiped over with a rag dipped in milk. ^ 