Parochial Intelligent*. Bukwood : St. Faith's Sunday-school. — The anniversary of this school took place on Sunday, September 5th, the Eev. A. P. M'Farlane preaching at both services, the congregations being large and the collections good. On the Thursday evening following a ' grand Bacred concert' was given, arranged and conducted by MissE. Stoxlay Denham, when some eighteen most excellent items were contributed, much to the gratification of the crowded building. The Eev. J. Dawborn presided. Votes of thanks were tendered to the various performers, and a truly successful anniversary was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem. .ciCHOCA. — un weanesaay evening, lotn un., ine annual iea meeting in connection with Christ Church was held at Christ Church Hall, when there was a large attendance. The stage, beautifully decorated by Mr. Montgomery, was hung with flags, and adorned ?with choice pot plants. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Trebilco and Fowler ; Mrs. Montgomery and Miss Plummer ; Mrs. Milledge and Miss Moore.; Mesdames Lind, Campbell, White, and Cameron ; the bachelors and spinsters' table by Misses Milledge and White. At the after- entertainment the Eev. G. W. Kelly, who presided, said he was glad to see such a large assemblage. It was gratifying that Christ Church congregation was steadily improving, and that there was a decided increase in the attendance of men. He congratulated the choir on the marked improvement shown in the singing, and said the Sunday-school was in an exceedingly healthy condition. The Girls' Friendly Society, Ministering Children's League, and the Sewers' Band were doing good work. The reverend gentleman then made some remarks on the importance of loyalty to the Church and to the Queen. The socialistic remarks of Mr. Ben Tillett notwithstanding, he held that Victoria was a great place for loyalty, and men should not, with impunity, insult our colony and our Queen. ' Three cheers were given for the Queen, and the audience rose and sang the National Anthem. The Eev. Dr. Stacey Chapman stated he was glad of the opportunity of becoming more intimately acquainted with Mr. Kelly and his accomplished family. Many clergymen, when they left a district, were soon forgotten, but Mr. Kelly's memory was still green around Kyneton. He referred to the recent Jubilee procession as exemplifying the British Empire's greatness, and spoke of the necessity of loyalty to the Church and the measure in which individual help could be given. A capital programme of vocal and instrumental music was given, Miss Kelly very efficiently presiding at the piano. The following were the individual items: — Piano solo, Miss Kelly; cornet solo, Mr. Haig; song, Eev. E. C. Ganly; song, Miss White; cornet and euphonium duet, Messrs. Haig and Manger ; song, Eev. E. C. Ganly; song, Miss White; cornet solo, Mr. Haig; song, Miss Smith; trio, Miss White, Miss Winifred Kelly, and Mr. W. Wright; song, Eev. E. C. Ganly. At the conclusion, votes of thanks were accorded to all who had in any way assisted. The festival was a great success, and much credit is due to the management. Fitzhoy. — Some twelve months ago a question arose as to the ownership of the altar and its appointments at the Mission of the Holy Bedeemer, and by friendly arrangement this point was sub mitted for the decision of Sir Arthur Snowden, his finding to carry entire finality on this and all matters relating to the Mission. His award reads as follows :— ' With reference to the statements sub mitted to me by-Major Hughes for and on behalf of his brother, the Eev. E. S. Hughes, and John Bingle, Esq., on behalf of the Parish of St. Mark's, and which statements, with the copy, reports, and balance sheets, &c.; , and Preacher's Book, with memorandum dated 1892 affixed to the inside of the cover, also submitted to ' me, all which I have carefully perused and considered, I find and award that the articles in dispute — viz., an altar of blackwood, large altar cross, brass processional cross, brass cross for credence table, dossal and wings, picture and brass altar lectern — appertain to the mission chapel . known as the Mission of the Holy Eedeemer, and are the property of the church to which such mission chapel belongs. — Dated this 1st September, 1897. (Signed) A. Snowden, K.B.' Kew: Holy Tbinity. — A very successful conversazione was held in the Sunday-school and parish hall of Holy Trinity on the evening of the 16th ultimo, to celebrate the completion of the building. The main hall, which measures 70 feet by 40, was erected and opened just two years ago, having then only one small class room attached; shortly afterwards a larger class room was added, chiefly through the efforts of the young ladies at Euyton College, and recently the front portion, measuring 40 feet x 22 feet, two stories in height, has been erected in bluestone, enriched with white New Zealand stone, white brick, and cement dressings. . The entrance is by a deeply-recessed doorway opening on to a vestibule 7. feet wide, leading to the main hall. On the left of the vestibule is an infants' room, 22 feet x 15 feet 6 in., with gallery capable of accommodating about 100 children. The lower half of the gallery is constructed to slide under the upper, thus affording, when required, another class room 15 feet 6 in. x 11 feet. On the right is the Ladies' Guild room, 17 feet x 15 feet 6 in., with fireplace, furniture, &c;, donated by some ladies of the congregation. The upper floor is approached by a staircase 4 feet 6 in. wide, and has in addition an escape stairway of ,2 feet 6 in. The space on this floor is thrown into one apartment 40 feet x 22 feet (less the width of the stairways), intended as an assembly room for the vario.us guilds and societies connected with the Church which do not require the larger hall for their meetings. The design of the building is handsome and appropriate, corresponding with the Gothic treatment of the church and parsonage. The three buildings stand on the same block of land, and form a harmonious group. The windows of the school- house are of cathedral glass, and- the appearance of the building when fully lit up is extremely beautiful; unsurpassed by that of any structure of the kind in the metropolitan area. The cost of the main hall and class rooms was about £1100, and of the front about £850. The original design was prepared by the late firm of Messrs. Barlow and Chandler, architects, of Collins-street, under the instructions of the late. incumbent, the present Dean of Melbourne, and had his entire approval; the front, on slightly modified lines, has been erected under the supervision of Mr. F. E. Barlow, the senior partner of the firm mentioned. The proceedings at the conversazione were commenced by singing Hymn No. 446, Church Hymns, ' O God our Help, &c.;,' the audience joining heartily. Addresses were delivered by the incumbent of the parish, the Eev. W. G. Hindley, who presided, the Lord Bishop, the Dean, and the Archdeacon of Melbourne. After congratulating the parish on possessing so fine a building, the Bishop and Dean dwelt on the value of the Sunday-school system, and generally on the necessity for regular religious instruction to the young, and the Archdeacon took the opportunity of calling attention to the Church Jubilee. The intervals were filled in with vocal and instrumental music, the. first number being a pianoforte duet, ' Tarentelle,' beautifully rendered by the Misses Presswell, followed by vocal duets by Messrs. Ferguson and Ingham, songs by Miss Maidment, Miss Ida Osborne, and Master Emery, and musical selections by the Cathedral Bellringers. All the numbers were heartily applauded. The accompanist was Mr. H. J. Alsop, the church organist. The hall ? was crowded by an enthusiastic audience. Eefreshments were provided by the ladies, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. On Friday the Sunday-school children and their friends were regaled at tea in connection with the event; 355 children were in atten dance. The programme for the after-entertainment was provided by the scholars, and the gathering passed off most satisfactorily. The following is a copy of the document laid under the foundation stone of the new buildings: — ' This memorial stone was laid to the glory of God, and in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, by William Snelling, senior churchwarden of Holy Trinity Church, Kew, to commemorate the erection of the front portion of these Sunday-school buildings belonging to the said church, on the — day of February, 1897, in' the eleventh year of the episcopate of the Eight Eeverend Field Flowers, Bishop of Melbourne, and the third of the incumbency of the Eeverend William George Hindley of this parish. The said William Snelling, Arthur Septimus King, and Henry Henty, being the churchwardens, Francis E. Barlow, the architect of the building, and Messrs. Holden and Co. the contractors.' The main hall adjoining was erected in the year 1895, and opened on September 15th in that year by the Very Eeverend Dr. Vance, Dean of Melbourne, and former incumbent of the parish, and was visited by the Bishop in the evening. Maffra. — The annual parochial festival of St. John's Church was held on September 16th, in the Mechanics' Hall. The tables were provided by the following, ladies : — Mesdames Ashton, Alford.^Boake, Foster, Mills, and Hewton, and Misses Glassford and Davis. Twenty two other members of the congregation contributed money, which passed to the credit of the proceeds. Most of the tables were occupied three times. After tea, the chair was taken by Mr. A. Davis, of Biversdale, and the incumbent, in introducing him, said it was significant that his father, the late Hon. Geo. Davis, had occupied the same position twice previously. During the first hour a splendid programme of glees and part-songs was rendered by St. John's Church choir, and praise was expressed on every hand at the success of Mrs. Hewton'B efforts in their training. Songs were also sung by Mrs. Boake, Mrs. Hewton, and Dr. Boake. Another hour and a-half was then pleasantly spent with dissolving views, shown by Mr. Devonport, with a descriptive lecture— 'A Trip Bound the World'— by Mr. E. James, the new State-school teacher. The festival was a great, success, and £16 will be handed to the guardians as the net proceeds. Melbourne : St. James', —r After being closed for nine months this church was reopened on the 12th ult. The alterations carried out by the diocesan architect, Mr. Walter Butler, have had the effect of wonderfully improving and brightening the appearance of the old Cathedral. The preacher in the morning was the Bishop, who took for his text the words — ' Lord, revive Thy work.' He congratulated the congregation that with so great alterations they had not altered the old-fashioned style of the church, which had the charm of associa tion for so many. He urged upon them the duty of helping with all that was in them to fill the church as of old. The evening preacher was the Dean, who preached from the text—' It pitieth them to see her in the dust.' The congregations were large both times. The special services were continued on the following Sunday, when the Bevs. G. W. Carter and. E. Ward Thomas were the preachers. On Tuesday, 14th ult., a very successful tea-meeting was held in the schoolroom, the Dean presiding, and addresses being given by the chairman and the Bevs. W. H. Percival, B. Stephen, W. G-. Hindley, and G. W. Carter. The St. James' Choral Society* assisted by Messrs. Wyatt and Frankland from the Cathedral Choir, with Mr. Docwra for accompanist, discoursed excellent music in the intervals between the addresses. We understand that a short service for busy men is to be held at St. James' every day at one p.m., with a short address every Wednesday ; the arrangement to begin in Advent. Melbourne, St. Peter's.— We regret to learn that Canon Hand field has been obliged from ill-health to take a month's rest at Mount Martha. An eight days' Mission is to be held in the parish early in 1898, when the missioner will be the Eev. Carre Smith, from St. James', Sydney. Sorrento. — The incumbent presented three candidates at the Cathedral Confirmation on Thursday, September 2nd. On Wednesday, September 8th, a lecture on 'National Humour' was delivered in the Meohanics' Institute by Mr. Alexander Sutherland, M.A., of Dromana, and was much appreciated. On the following afternoon the Sunday school prizes were distributed by the Bev. F. W. Willcox. Special sermons were preached throughout the district on Sunday, September 19th, on 'Beligious Education in State-schools.' There were good congregations, and much interest has been aroused in the movement. A Sunday- school has been recently started about three miles from Bye, under the superintendence of Mr. C. H. Cartwright, who was lately confirmed in St. Andrew's Church, Bye. This will accommodate children living some miles farther away. Mr. Cartwright has also become organist of St. Andrew's Church, and the improvement in the musical portion of the service is very noticeable. -'''CT'^*'^^^^ 