fllttlMEOOS.- THE NABOH'S-ADYERTISE- : i A1ENT. Jasxbs si itlahdwafl bir iiiupejbafr mart people oal ed hi': TfitiNt&iMi; '(behind hia back) bee use tliattitleseemed exactly to fit hito, tor 1 e had doue everyThingexptctedin theory of a Nabob — spent the best part of his life in India, leaving his' livor and good looks bob nd him when he came to England, with a < smplexion yellow1 'as- a ' guinea, a temper a I hot and peppery as his favourite carries, a id— a splendid fortune. . The E abob was a self-made man,oand- boosted n a ancestral home, sp hft bought hipq-; self a an all estato, and built on it an . enor mous red brick house, where he setlpd down with his vife and daughter to enjoy the'iood things pi rchased by long years of exile. ' Eastsh ire welcomed him walWly. j His wife was a charming woman, his daughter a pretty g rl, so for their, ukeft tiiei Nabob,' 'g hot tem( er and cranky ways were forgiven, and the :ounty notables received hitp as an eqnal- A ! Tnllvaoram House was a solid square buildingr witb-no- arabiteetural 'beauty,' .bat, the grounds were kept in such a state of perfection it was a pleasure even to look at them, and within doors the Eastern treasures, uruugub iiuiiju uy iu.ro. juaiuunu, were taste fully arrayed. She boasfed of htir MwayiYiflpeSlf SS his wonqsriui collection of precyus jjtojjiea — above aH, a tiacq. of, diamonds, the. gift of a, natiJe prides, r- Which' He intended to 'hr'esetit1 to DttisUSif h&'WMg-M>. ' Like most splf-made n nje;i, _,Nn,bob wor shipped rank. The dreaqjf hnqfttpai for his child to marry a peeR11' From the JS"y she left sBiydtHHh iulpl-vssoci- upon- Doris .she Las not to listen. dspy lpjydr;rhut ahohleroao. Those diamonds, he declared, were far- too splendid to be wasted on the wife of a plain mister.' <1. Miss Maitland only laughed, and promised' to remember her duty to the diamonds, -but lovo cmianerpd.h ambition, and one day she electrified the Nabob by acceptiog the proposal of a countiy gentleman, who had not the ghost of a title in hiB family, and so was most unfit to be Mr. Maitland's son-in- law. There waB open strife at Tullygoraro House. Lionel Vernon refused to take ' no ' for an answer. Doris loved him, he declared, and ho did not care if her father refused to give her a penny ; he had plenty to keep a wife. Mr. Maitland could only part them for a year, since Doris was turned twenty, and next May she would bo free to please herself. Perhaps the Nabob's sneers exasperated the lover, for he was Btung into asserting that his birth was as good as Mr. Maitland's, or perhaps better. This brought the interview to an end. Lionel found him self turned out of the library with orders never again to present himself at Tallygoram House. But fate was against the Nabob. He was a very sociable man, and though wont to snap at his fellow-creatures when out of temper, he simply detested being Hlone. The Vernons were an old EaRtshire family. It was not likely Lionel's friendB and neigh bours would drop him at the bidding of a newcomer like Mr. Maitland, so the latter speedily found he must give up all hope of preventing meetings between Doris ond her lover, or else renounce Eastshire society entirely. When this grew clear to the Nabob he went into a rage, which lasted one whole day. Then he came to his wife with n sealed letter in his hand and pronounced his ultimatum. I am not going to stand it, Mary. I won't have the dream of my life ruined by a whipper snapper like young Vernon. 1 mean to leave Eastshire and take you and Doris with me.' Mrs. Maitland suggested mildly that even if they went away thpy would have to come back again, and the Mount, being General Vernon's own property, most likely they would find him and his family still there. 1 I know,' said the Nabob gloomily, ' but I don't mean to come back at all. 1 intend to sell Tallygorum House. 1 have written out an advertisement which, in about two day's time, will be io all the newspapers of the county.' Mrs. Maitland gave way then and cried bitterly, begging her husband to change his mind, but she could prevail nothing what ever—the Nabob was not to be turned from his purpose. From first to last I have spent £30,000 on this place, but I shall sell it if I can only get £15,000. I can't abut Doris up till alio comas to her senses — more is the pity — but I shall take her on a tour round the world in the hope of I may drive Vernon out of her head. Mother and daughter grieved together, for gentle Mrs. Maitland was on the lover's side, and believed him worthy of t£.e girl. Well,' said Doris, with a touch of her father's obstinacy, 1 1 only hope papa won't find a purchaser. Agents are very dilatory. If only tbey will be so now, and drag out the negotiations till next May, why I shall be of age, and pBpa will then see it is of no use.' ' He is not going to an agent. He means to advertise the property.' Is not that very unusual 1 I always thought that people had to have lawyers and nil sorts of formalities before an estate could , change hands 1' ' I don't understand business,' said her ' mother. 'But I would give anything in the world not to leave Tullygoram.' j The fellow must be mad,' wns General Vernon's comment when he read the Nabob's advertisement. ' Why, Lionel, he actually says 'no reasonable offer refused,' and ho must have spent thousands of pounds on that place.' i Tullygoram House !b so hideous outside I should say many people would object to it on that score,' said Lionel gravely. But it seemed they did not, for the Nabob bad several letters of inquiry in the next few days, and actually ran up to London twice to meet possible purchasers. Ho returned the second time with an air of triumph, and announced that 1 tho place was as good as sold ' ' Without the purchaser even seeing it V queried Mrs. Maitland. He is' coming down to-morrow. Just ns a matter of foruj/yb'q'know I have asked him to steep-here a night or two, so that ho fp ay have ample leisure to. examine everything, and" Mary, my dtJiovhela d.gupst worthy of your hosjfitality. yHe belcmgf. td .the '.old nobility of, France.' ... , j \ .. d \- ' I bopqrho can spoak- EngHabi,' ibid Mrs. Maitland -anxiously. ' - — v- . 5. I 1 He epenkB it as well as you ' do. :His mother. was an Englishwoman." And "55o to it, my dear, that the coun iB made welcome. I. should think such a distinguished guest would cheer you up. You and Doris seem dreadfully ip| the .blues.' Too ladies, would gladly have been spared the company of the bount, since they looked ou' him' ns "the' rdbher who was to drive them fromthbir homo, but tho. Nabob ruled hiB household autbtbatically, so they mado no open .remonstrance. STbo -count V( which was the way Mr. Mqjtland atyfod fiiif guest, as though there .was. . buL qne cpunt 'in the whole world) arri vod- punctualiy,-and.madnjL.v.ery . favour- 'Able<impre6Bion»otv everyone; except Doris. His perfect English, his pleasant-faoe ayd courteous ways, fascinated Mrs. Maitland, otsho .qaite 'enjoyed liis visit when she found -that na a ' nnhlnmnn ' his influence over the "Nabob"Was BO' great that-for n-whole-twenty four hours 30. . xplosioi of the lattw'a, temper disturiisd <£hj <aiqg'JdLjjMllygftriiTi ' If only Doris had waited,' said the Nabob .. to hjs.ijdfe on the sepond nigfid of It was evident thnt the count admired Doris,.. Perhaps bef regyettj$ phe wnq-net ope.af the fixtures) pfjtjjeppppeby lie-sold j with the estate. He told the Naipotho, f pa. delighted- ith Tullygoram House, and WQu/jht it bheap,at,tjjilfty. -thousand pounds. As soop be . returned to Lpndon his luwyer should meet' ' ft'r; MaithYntTk aiid; 'draw' 'hp the deed of-purcHnsb. ' " "' .I Meanwhile, he assured his host, Eastshire So it was settled the count's visit should be prolonged to a fortnight, which would give ample time for the sale to bo completed by the first July, on which day the Nabob intended to start on his tour round the world, having already purchased tickets, hotel coupons, etc., for himself and family of the renowned Cook. The day before the count's departure Doris met Lionel Vvrnon by appointment in the glades of a wood some little distance from Tullygoram House, for sinco it had been decided for the Maitlands to leave England those two young people defied the JNauob ana saw eucn other as 01 ten as possible. ' So the Frenchman is really off to morrow 1' said Lionel. ' I should rather like to have a look at him — just to see your father's ideal of a son-in-law.' ' Ho is off to-morrow, and I devoutly hope I may never see him again.' ' Why, Dorfa? I thought you were all infatuated with him ?' exclaimed Lionel. Well you thought right about my esteemed papa, and oven mother thinks the count delightful ; but I can't bear liira. I should think it a kind of ' Dr. Fell ' senti ment, for I can give no reason for my dislike, but, for a strange fact, not one of our servants can endure the count ; from tho housekeeper downwards they positively hate him.' ' I have often heard golden opinions from one or two neighbours.' 1 Yes ; everyone papa has introduced to the count is delighted with him. You sec he is young and rich.' ' And looking out for 0 countess,' finished Lai, mischievously. 1 Now, Doris, only think, nccording to your father, his wife would be worthy of the tiara.' ' Oh I bother tho tiara,' cried Dorfa laughing. I havo been so scolded about those diamonds I wish they were buck ut the bottom of their mine.' 1 Never nnnd,' said Lai, cheerfully; 'you will be twenty-ono 011 the first of May and then — ' Tltey h»d turned out of tho wood now, and were actually in the Tullygoram grounds — awful effrontery of Lai's, but the Nabob hud gone to a public mcctting in the next town, and couldn't bo back for another hour. ' By George, who's that?' cried Lai, as she caught sight of a good looking young man, with 11 cigar in his mouth. ' Why, that's the count himself,' replied Doris. ' Will you come and bo introduced to your future neighbour?' But Lionel turned abruptly and plunged into the thickest part of the shrubbery, so as to avoid the Frenchman. ' Lai,' said Miss Maitland, 'what is it ? I nm sure yon have seen that man before, and know something about him. Why, your face changed when I I told you .it was tho count.' ' I don't believe that fellow is any more a count than I am.' ' Then who is he ?' ' I can't take on myself to givo him a name ; but I'm pretty sure of two things — he's not rich enough to buy Tullygoram and he's down hero after no good.' 1 Doris grew very palo. 'Papa hasn't treated you well, Lai; but if you know nnything against the man J think you ought to tell him.' 1 And be turned out of the house a second time? I know a better plan than that. What time dons the count leave to-morrow ?' ' He goes to London by the ten o'clock express. Papa will seo him oil' from Easton.' ' Well, keep up your courugo, little girl. Mark my words, the count will never como back here.' ' Oh I Lai,' cried tho poor girl, eagerly, 'don't kill him. Ilo's not worth you getting into trouble about.' 1 I've no intention of killing him, Doris. 1 believe lie's an impostor, nnd I mean to dog bis footsteps till I am satisfied I am right, that's all.' Never had the count been so fascinating ns on that last evening of bis stay at Tully goram. The Nabob was so delighted with his guest that he took him to tho oak room, where ho kept his wonderful collection, and exhibited every thing, from tho strings of turquoises he hud given lifa wife on their wedding day to the diamond tiara which bad caused Doris so many lectures. 'They are valued nt a hundred thousand pounds,' said the Nabob, glancing proudly ut the dazzling array ; ' and yet you could "put them all in a small handbag. My wife doesn't care for ' wearing many ui uaiuctita, but they will lie hejTrioiansjSn my daughter's family when Bho tjotefesi Iys Stand them to the Ea&da; JBkailr, fqjifeilf!. H9I firo away from hoAhe. Our BervnntHiW honest, but I don't cnije toupqt,,Ucbi-q .rosponBibJllt upon them.' . , A /g.-jj' J The ten o'clock ti;ain 'Was agteat favpurite with Easton ;peopley- becadS''ft Nton-- junction, thol'moxf station,1 It HJ1 'Ot 'Btojp1 for Bixty mifps -not, — in fnot tin ' if' 'wns. Hearing London. , The Nabsb ordered his idog-cart in gdpd tynd ;nt|thdc£Vas so Jong over hisdidieuxto tne Tadiin tlmt, Si" spite of rapid driving, tho grey liiarh- only." reach ed Eii s tW lifter tfiotfirMlivliltbtli- ' Just- time to get your ticket,' said Mr. Maitland's! hut yqu.xuuqt bo qujek. I hear, jthe traiAl i t ' i ' : . ; ; i ' GooapeaVepi' cgofed jtho'ountj. pulljqg, jhis hiqp0 tPioyoRisU iocUt, 've"'left itojy , purs j on the dressing table. "What in tne ' world am I to dotrl've an npppintment_ip Lonlon at ttvfil vo-'-I-'must keep,- - Do'ybu 'thin c tjjq. raij wpy ..people will giye ipo a ; tick :t on credit T ' ' ' ' "s i:" - 1 ! Io need to ask them,' said the Nabbb, promptly. . ' Let .me be your banker.' . A ni he pntilis own. \y ulL fil_led p_urse_ into tfie :o ant's hand. o«=»T :h train, if-qVcorriinsrjn -even- theri... - The cou it. after getting Irfs "'trtket, had duly f just t mo to jump. into the carriage, where a por er had already placed his portmanteau. He ahook hunds .witli his .hoBfy the, guard slarirqed the door to, and tho-train- Had stei nied oqt of the station beforo the Nubpb_ rea ispd thhrt "the coirnt had "not r6turned, tii«- pur ie It wns toq, jatq tp ,rep|i|f -tiip niistake. The train lind entered the tunnel, and only u slip In curl of smoke was visible. " ' I o must ,havc forgqtton it,' thought tin- Na jqh, \ffio, though or an "ir-tsciblo temper, I jva 1 Act a suspicious, mao, . ' He must have -pui it into his pocket, forgetting in the hurry and confusion that it was not his own.' But for all this reasoning Mr. Maitland would have preferred to have tho purse in his own keeping, in view of his coming foreign tour. He had the day before cashed a cheque for a large sum, end he had mennt to spend the morning in paying sundry bills in Euston. The Nabob was fond of this occupation. He liked to pay hiB debts himself in gold 01 notes much better than the more dignified way of posting cheques to his different tradespeople. Well, clearly it was of no use his dawdling about with empty pockets. Of course, the count would send back his purse from London by parcel post. It was to bo hoped he would register it, and with this last reflection tho Nabob drove homo wards. His wife and Doris were out. They had promised to lunch with some friends who lived at ten miles distance, and hud started just five minutes beforo tho Nabob returned. Of course, tbey did not expect him home so soon, and they hud told them their plans, but none the less he felt annoyed at their absence. Somehow the Nabob was in bnd spirits that morning. The first feeling of regret at his leaving Tullygoram Houso Beized hiB heart. After all, it would be a wronch to leave the place which hud been 1ub first real English homo. He had watched tho building of Tullygoram House from the first stone to the lust slate. He had thought to end his days there, and now at bixty ho was going to become an aimless wanderer. It wns not his fault. Lionel and Doris had driven him to this despenito step by their obstinacy. By the way, Yernon was safe out of tho girl's way for the present. He had taken a seat in the next compart ment to the count. At this point of his meditations the Nabob reflected be might just us well go tho count's room, and place the purse his visitor hud for gotten safely under lock und key. The apartment was certainly one of the most sumptuous in the house — one worthy of the noble guest, but the maids hud been busy there, and every single truce of recent occupation had disappeared. Mr. Maitland looked on tho dressing-table and sundry other places, but saw no signs of a purse, so bo rang the bell, and the house maid appeared. 'Where did you put the count's puree, Jane? He left it 011 the dressing-table' 'I saw no purse here, sir, and the count had it in the hail, for lie opened it to give me a shilling. He never came upstairs after that.' It occurred to tho Nabob a shilling was not a very liberal ' douceur ' after a fort night's stay. Jane from her manner thought so too. inure was a pause ,tnen tho girl looked nt her master, nnd said, defiantly — ' The count left one thing behind him, sir, though it wns not a purse. I meant to tnko it to tho housekeeper, but perhaps you will let mo givo it to you.' Certainly, Jane, I will send it to him this very day.' Jane shook her head. 1 1 am thinking ho won't care to know you have seen it.' And she produced from her pocket some thing which the Nabob regarded with vague alarm. Why, that is a skeleton koy,' lie observed gravely. ' I thought so, sir. I found it under the pillow after lie had gone. You see, for all you thought of him, tho gentleman was quite a stranger to yon two weeks ago. and I could not help wondering if lie had helped him self to anything with tlmt key.' Tho key opened tho door. TI10 Nabob was prepared for anything now, and when he had readied the cabinet, in which his jownls were stored, it did not Burprise him to find every drawer had been forced open and rilled of its oontents. There were no jewels left except tho few simple trinkets worn by Doris and her mother, kept in their own care. ' Gone.' The pride of tho Nabob's heart, the most . cherished of all his possessions had vanished 1 in one night. Thero could be no question of tho robber. It wus the count, who doubtless j had thought it an oxcellent joke to fleece his unconscious victim of a cool hundred in gold and notes to pay the expenses of his flight Robbed. " ' ' The Nabob" waa no "simpleton. W6y first to last ho (od never had a mingle proof the dupe of n printed visiting card, a han I- "Bqmnf trees mijj a fascinating manner. 1 wifo and DSffl, wou d not ho-ah.horap for adEaw Jurors, A«wWSfab »b 5rint to - tho polled irfajbeilqaiidl sl&rp.ntel; i- g£nt officer- xVhtfmoro than once Uwijted 1 10 -Lcnllcction ' wnnlfl be safer in n Imnkei 's 8twig rom thnn at Tuloram Houso. head; '.- v \ \- - « Your countevronlt.bn-.fooI- enough to go' to London. He'd get out at Newron Junction- five, minutes af,ter you left him, nnd fronv- thero hq copld (jet to threq different seapqrjis/ ;qo tlmt fifj-be njeant to flyv'the coiintry ;it,i'ud i.ojprtrty. goiji-vorK- 1 !rloub.yoU'o, qpei 'the' liist'of "your jewels, sir.' " ' ' " But three hours lqlc a .telegram, . was put into -the Nabob's hands wlrich Wdo-'-Kitu mare hopeful. Your lito guest nails to-morrow lor Rotterdam. 'If you ivabt' to see him 'first I cau give you his address, but you must start ut once. Lose not an hour. - « The-sender's-name- waa Lionel Vernonrand- tlie address given was the Great Eastern jriStri,; nurwieili i , , . , ' The Nabob did not even wait foil hi? wxiftls return. He'set outlet' one'ej uiiuy Beven o'clock wns in Lionel's private room, greet ing the young man .with the .warmest friend- -hip, and npparentM qditn foraei tiijjf ;ljb fad .ordered him out of ulfygq'niihHioh'aa riot so ihany weeks before. Lionel's tale was yery simple- ' By a strange glanqe never caught n glimpse of the Count do Courcy till yester- diy. I recognised him then as a mjn who f?CKet' mv uncles name for a large amount some two years' ago, and who escap"d scot Free through tho luiter's mistaken clemency, giving a solemn promise to sail for New Zealand at once. But positive as I was of the fellow's identity I had no proof, and I never flattered myself you would take my fiare word. I knew your collection of jewels hud a wide reputation, and I remember Lawson or Greville — hn had half-a-dozen aliases — wns an expert at judging precious stones, so I made up my mind to shadow him when he left Tullygoram House, and not lose sight of him till I was srtislied either that I was mistaken, and ire really was the Count de Courcy, or till I was convinced he Intd not curried oil any of your property.' ' Ho has taken every jewel I possess,' rrmiinprl flin NnlmK ' I know. Ho mot an uwful-iookitig ruffian at Newtown junction, and I heard liini confide the whole affair to him in French. They sail for Rotterdam to- morrow ; it Bcems tlrey think Dutcli diamond mer chants are less suspicious than other poople, and that when the setting is broken up they can easy dispose of tire stones.' 1 I'll get tliein back if I shoot tho beggar first,' screamed Maitland. ' Well, ho and his nccotnplico nre at n squalid inn in tho very lowest part of the town. I don't, advise you to go there with out at least two strong policeman, I warn you, LawBon iB a dangerous fellow.' Ilcnry Lawson. alins the Count do Courcy, slept that night in gaol. Tho Nabob's jewels were in the custody of the police, and the Nabob himself, utterly broken down with his misfortune, leant 011 Lionel Yernon as though he had been his son. ' You shall iiiurry Doris,' hn suid to tho young nmn before they left Harwich. ' I feel as though I never wished to know any omi with a titln aguin. And, as to the diumouds, but for you they'd havo been utterly lost, so its only fair your wifo should have them. Tullygoram House is still in tho Nabob's possession, for the old gentleman gave up nil idea of parting with it after the terrible dis appointment. Tim ' Count do Courcy ' was sentenced to seven years' penal servitudo. Those hotel coupons end railway tickets were wasted after all, fur the Maitlands never made that voyage uround the world. They stuyed at home, quietly till the middle of August, when Duris became Mrs. Lionel Vernon. The general died not long nftorwards, so the young cougle live at the Mount ; but their children are almost as much at home nt Tullygoram House, whiiro Mr. and Mrs. Maitluu I are most adoring grandparents. Doris wears the diamond tiara on great occasions, and her father never regrets now that sho cannot also wear a title He is perfectly satisfied with his son-in-ln v, and Mr. nnd Mrs. Vernon agree privately that nothing could havo turned out inoro luckily .... J.11U ituuuu o iuvurcise- inent.' 