THE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. [ALL RIUCI1S Is?1ERVLU.] BOOK I. --THE CRIME. (The Story according to Mr. Thomas Tennant.) CHl-AP'TER IX-(Continued.) 1 had been setting out the chessmen on the board, and turned to Keeley with a pawn in either hand. "Which hand will you have?" "Left." The white pawn was in the left hand. We sat down to play. Still he con tinued to prose. "Fred Courtney wanted to bet that they wouldn't have the fellow in a month. 1 should be almost inclined to take short odds that they'll have him within four-and twenty hours." He had moved to king's pawn. I was about to ive the usual reply, when lie said that my hand faltered on the piece. "Within four-and-twenty hours? What makes you think that?" Keeley winked. "I've heard something, that's all. It's your move." I moved. He brought his knight out. I fancy that 1 brought mine. But I am not sure. 1 found that, after all, I was not sufficiently recovered to do myself justice over a chessl)oard. I am more than his match a.s a rule. I have played him three weeks in succession -one night a week-without his ever winning a game. But on that occasion I was not a foeman worthy of his steel. He beat me with even ridiculous ease. And directly he had won he began again. "You're fond of murders, aren't you ?" "Fond of murders, Keeley! What do you mean ?" "I've heard you say more than once that you like a first-class murder." "1 don't remember ever saying any thing of the sort. It seems incredible that I could have done. It would have been in direct opposition to all my principles." "Come!-1 say!" He looked at me as if to see if 1 was joking. I em phatically was not. "I've heard you say that you'd like to be in the position of a murderer yourself, just for the sake of a new sensation." "Keeley!" "I have! And when the Iutney mystery was on you took as much in terest in it as if it had been a personal matter. Why, you have even talked about starting as an amateur detective to see if you couldn't ferret out the business yourself. You used to de clare that the fellow who (lid it de served flaying alive; and, when 1 sug gested that there might be extenua ting circumstances, you used to get quite mad with me." "My dear Keeley, the Putney mys tery belongs to ancient history. Won't you have another game?" "But it seems to me that this Three Bridges business is quite as pretty a puzzle. What did he kill her for? They talk about getting up a sweep stake in the office. The possible rea sons to be put down on a piece of paper, and whoever draws what proves to be the right one when the fellow comes to be tried and hung, to take the sweep. Now, what should you say he killed her for?" "Would you mind changing the sub ject, Keeley. You forget that I have been ill, and still am very far from well, and that the topic is hardly one which is likely to appeal to an invalid's brain. I think I'll have a. little whisky, Lucy." 1 had a little whisky. In fact I had a fairish quantity; I had to, since 1 had to bear the burden of Keeley's conversation. That particular topic seemed to be the only one he had in side of his head. He harked back to it nearly every time lie opened his mouth. Had I not known the man I should have concluded that he was do ing it out of sheer malignancy. But I did know him. I knew lie was thick headed. Lucy was not of the slightest use. She went on sewing in silence, as if all subjects were indifferent to I was glad when Keeley rose to go. I went with him to the front door to see him off the premises. After he had gone I remained standing on the steps to get a mouthful of fresh air. It was a dark night; there was no wind, and there was a susl)icion of fog in the air. I was standing on the bottim step but one. The nearest lamp post was some dlistance down the road. W\hat with the darkness and the mist I couldl not see any of the lamps on the hlall doors on the other side of the street. It was very quiet. 'lhere was not a sound of footsteps nor of any sort of traffic. Suddenly, while I was thinlking of nothing in particular, except that Keeley had been making rather a greater ass of himself than hlie gener ally did, I saw something begin to shape itself in the air in front of me. It did not come all at once, but by degrees. First a dim outline, then feature after feature, until the whole was there. It began to take the shape of a face. It was a face-a woman's face--herc face--Ellen Howth's. For the second time it had come to me, unwatchedl for, undreamed of, un awares, a visitant from the dead come to me with its awful staring eyes. There could be no question this time about my having drunk too much. I was as sober as I ever was in my life. I can give no adequate conception of the havoc with which I realised that this was so, and that the face was there. It came slowly towards me. The idea of a closer contact was more than I could endure. As it advanced. I r'etreated, backwards, up the steps. Still the face came on. I got into the house, and banged the door, as it seemed to me, just in time to shut it out. I staggered against the wall. Lucy came to me, as I stood there trembling. "I was coming to tell you to come in. You will catch a cold." Then, per ceiving my state of agitation, "Tom!" What is the matter?" "Lucy I have seen a ghost." "A ghost?" "As I live and breathe, I have seen a ghost. Oh, my God!" "Toni!" "This is the second time I have seen it. I have a premonition that the third time will mean death." There came a knocking at the door. Lucy looked at me. "It is Mr. Keeley back again. The servants have gone to bed. I will open and see." It was not Keeley. It was a short, broadly-built man, with a bushy beard. Other men were with him, though I could only just see them standing in the shadow at the foot of the steps. The bearded man addressed himself to me "Are you Thomas Tennant?" "That is my name." "I am a detective. You are my prisoner. 1 arrest you for wilful mur der." Then I saw that the men who had been standing at the foot of the steps, and who now, uninvited, were enter ing the house, were constables. (To be continued in our next.) 