DAY OF BEST/ SCANDAL—THE SCOURGE OF THE CHURCH. ! {By the Jtev. W. X. U.S.A.] "Ana the tongue in a tire, a work oi iniquity; | . . . and ilissetou lireoi Jieii."—Jumat in. H. j One or the must oriliiaut, moat totting, most j strikingly iruiuiui ot Jitnefoon s tauiuUo essays | begin* mils—" liter since 1 was a noy 1 iiave wn,uuU to write adiscuureoou "Guwpnusaliija,' tor it seemed to luo, iruea very joung, that on tuia suojeut lite was ahead ot theology, ami tae peupie Knew more tuaii the proncuers j laugut." tso 1 may nay ever since L oegail to preocii I have wisoed to write a sermon on ] "io caudal,'' lor ever since 1 anew anyHung at ■ all aoout Cdurcu tueinuers they have lagged tar oeumd tue luaciiiugs ot tueorogy, and ooth puuplu ana prc&uuors; nave known very niUeU more thau was ever muted at in the pulpit. Anise l'ouie evil, tUissoeurge ot the Duuron, this destroyer ot uuity, line tongue leprosy, Luiaauy ot Uic DeVlinas dune mere to paruiyso the progress ot Ciii'ioLs ixingduw ; to sniK the wheels ot the enariots ot tue tiospcl ill the miasmatic morasses ot sooru; to slay the on ward march ot the Kings soldiers; totting haudiuis ot slitue at tue very silken tolas ot Uod s oauuers gieaunug in the sunlight of heaven, than any outer vice that is permitted ana euauiea—yea, uurscd—in tne very hosum ot tne (Jiiurcn; nursed like the proveruial adder whose quickened lite shows its lack of giariLude oy uniting its deadly taugs uiio the ijuivcitug neart ui its protector. And where ties the great laultf Where the oldet delect? i most assuredly oeiicve, and uuhcsitauugiy say, in tne tauure to a great extent ot the yuipic to periorui its honest duty. Wliat, 1 would ask, is tne ideal puipit? Vt'iiat is tho pulpit that God has hunt, and which Christ, ! tno pnuce of preachers, titled wuilst here j among-men? its touudatiou is iaid upon the iirueit ot Ages, its superstructure is a com bination ot riiuai and Calvary, i.s polished platiorm is the word oi Cod that siaudetu sure ior ever, and its worthy I occupant is Cod s auioassador, with a fearless 1 messngo iroui tho throne to tho sous of men, redeemed by tue precious btood of Christ, to woo ttieul to hcni'cu by cite whisperings of love, or to warn uioui oi eoninig destruction in tones that are uumistakaoie, uti com promts- ! ihg, and as laithlui as Cod hunselt would utter in the tnuuderiugs of biiiai to the listening Israelites. Xhere is no more sacred, I no more torriole spot upon Cod's earth thau I that upon wnieh Cod's servant stands, whose j moutn is idled with messages trom Calvary, be it the gorgeous pile ot the saihui carver in the j Catuedrai ot inaruie, or the temporary wooden i platiorm in a dotvery or fjhoreditch slum. It is tue hoiy of holies, where tiiu fsueaiuah cloud oi tiod s presence gleams, and where tho ark of the blessed merer-seat whispers the sweet consolations ot Calvary, it is the burning busu hoed with the sacred lire that consoles as 1 wed us consumes; tho warmth of uieroy, and j the heat ot condemnation, and the tiauics of j wrath; and as the modern Moses draws near lie should always hear and obey the Voice that speaks to him iroui |iie midst of the bush—"Put olf thy shoes iroui oil thy feet, for tlie place whereon thou siaudest is holy ground." 'i'no ideal pulpit is Cod s platiorm upon earth Lor ills messages from heaven, and a thousand woes upon the head ot tue miserable miscreant who mutilates or uiuiiius the message, or fears to deliver it as ! tne laitlnui amuassudor uf^fts King, to whom lie is roopoiisihie. Place the ordinary pulpit i of to-day and yesterday in the witness-box, j and let it tell its honest story, and wiiat do we ' hear? The ordinary, the most common, say— I *'i am often the victim of gagging gold, and ! greenbacks have muzzled me. i once in the exceeding might of my omnipotent streugtb carried away the pouderous gates of the Gaza oi iniquity ; but now, like poor Samson, 1 am often shorn of my strength in tho lap of tho worldly iieiilahs, and tho Philistines mock me in my helpless blindness, and heap l scorn upon my childish weakness. 1 have often played the coward in the presence of the enemy, and have granted the liberty of indulgence where I ought to have poured out i the vials of God's ooudemuatiou. Like tiie Delphic oracle of old I havo spoken words with double interpretations. In the performance of my duty 1 have gauged the euviromnouts cf earth rather than the battlements of impartial Heaven. i have covered up vice with the delicate embroidery of maudliu mercy. 1 have uttered eulogistia praises over tho graves of monarclis who havo beeu monsters, and sprinkled their iniquitous ashes with the promise of a glorious resurrec tion. Once distinctly 1 remember (and with blushes I recall it) at the grave of Louis XV. 1 said—'Louis the beloved sleeps in the Lord,' and long after the shade of Thomas Carlyle reproved me in these words—" If such a mass ot laziness and lust as Louis XV. sleeps in the Lord, who, think you, sleeps clsuwhero?' I have ordered the Te Deums to fill the oars of returning warriors, whose hands were as red with their brother's blood as those of Cain, and have draped myself with tho torn flags snatched from tho ranks of the murdered foe. 1 have sanctioned worldly amusements I by my silence, and at times have almost I obliterated the boundary-line between tbo children of God and the sons of I Belial. I have petted the classes and I banished the masses, I am the poor | pitiable victim of deadly compromise, | and with penitent soul I batter the gates of j Heaven with ories for forgiveness, and pray ■ for the happy moment when, like Samson I restored, I may lay my giaut Augers again 1 upon the pillars of iniquity, and bring down tiie blasphemous gods of tho Philistines and its libertine Lords into the dust of destruc tion." | God grant a speedy answer to this prayer of tbe penitent! Say you that this confession is J too self-recriminating on the part of tbo j pulpit, too severe, too stern in charge, too damaging! Say you that it is not uuder tho spell of gold and the thraldom of man authority? Let inc point it with a story said to be true. The candidate for a pulpit preaches, and pours out his vials of condemna tion upon the deadly drink. After the sermon an elder corners him and tells him " that one ; of the chief contributors to the Church is a brewer, and such preaching would ruin his chances." In his next sermon lie very ardently I Condemned theatre-going aud card-playmg, I ud another friend cornered him and ! said, "My_ dear fellow, you musn't ""ffrcach against theatre-going and card playing. Nearly all our members go to tbe theatre, and tho majority do not object to s;w'iid four or Ave hours at tho card table, frequently carrying home most proudly the first prize as well as the booby." What, then, shall I preach against?" said the puzzled candidate. "Why," he quickly and quietly: replied, "preach against the Jews!" "The ; Jews! We havo none in our congregation." God bless any Jew if there is one in my con gregation 1 This story, true or untrue, real or fictitious, Doints a moral and adorns a tale. A fearless, faithful, godly pulpit is the , great want of to-day, and its great message is i the only panacea for the woes of the world. "Jesu" only" is the winning motto. The verdict of history is this—The more faithful the pulpit tiie more enlightened and more spiritual the people. "Like priest like people" has pawed into a proverb, and its truthfulness has been tested a thousand times in history; and had the pulpit more faithfully performed its duty the plague of scandal, , amongst other diseases, would have long sinoo been stayed by the spirit of charity, aud the poison of backbiting would have yielded to the ; balm of love. Let us endeavour to speak j faithfully this morning. Under the term . scandal I range unholy, damaging,- destructive j criticisms; and lot mo Bay, ere I consider j the work of this scoundrol that long ago crept into the Church and in i borrowed surplice plied his nefarious trade, j that all of us stand in open court thismorniug, ' and plead guilty to the charge. Not one of us but stands trembling like Sliylock before the | penetrating, pleading logic of a peerless i Portia, and say wi th the baffled one, as the i dark web gathers about his fate, " I pray you give me leavo to go from hence: 1 am not well." All of us have joined hands—preacher and j people—with that peerless rascal lago, and with his unblushing effrontery ha o cried out—"For I am nothing if not critical." Let me hold the mirror up to Nature this morning, and tell you how you criticise the preacher, I and in the meanwhile go to your bosom, knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know. Preaching a sermon is a very pleasant thing; behold its delightful features in the fists of the Philistine iago, Prince of Critics 1 If the sermon is read, it is not his own; be struts in borrowed plumes. If the strain of recitation is in it, it is got by rote. If care fully premeditated, it is all he knew. If ex tempore, it was _ only a disconnected babble, a clanging cymbal, a drum —noise. If in essay form, _ too i stilted, fit only for books. If methodical, . & callow brood of unclothed divisions. If | finely oomposed, the style is too ornate, too 1 imaginative, killed with otto of roses, and ought tojloat with the flower-docked body of I the Lfidy of Shalott to the fairyland of irides cent; dreams. If rousing in character, too much of Sam Jones's lingo, language too violent for ears polite, and delicate tympa nums should never be set vibrating with such vulgar words as Hell and Devil. If full of illustrations, however apt, altogether too shallow for Mr. Dryasdust and Mrs. Philoso plios. If it has no illustrations, altogether i too heavy and involved. If practical, far too personal; the very ones that the preacher thought ho was scorching were pitying the Joneses from tho bottom of their crystal souls. If doctrinal, too dry; no pabulum for tho Listening soul, only the rattle of parchment and tho dust of accumulating centuries that blinds and chokes. Lf full of scriptural quota tions, nothing original; we could read them in our hotnes without coming to Church. If no passages of Scripture, tho preacher knows more of Shakspearo than lie docs of tho Bible. If orthodox, well we never hear any thing original; tho old old story, oh for a draught from a new well sunk in somo hitherto unpiereed strata! Greeks with itching ears. If earnest, the Ercacher is a raving revivalist; if oalm, lie as no soul; if broad, no point; if easily understood, preaching to tho pit; if packed with thought, then tho poor are utterly neglected—abovo their heads ontirely; if long, utterly tiresome—no sermon ought to occupy more than twenty-five or thirty minutes at tho most; if short, indecently , curtailed, but in these days only a few old j descendants from tho grand * old Scotch covenanters make this criticism—the noble j sons of thoao old sires that could stand and | enjoy a sermon that measured the whole sweep of figures two or threo times around I the dial plate. Sermons, however short, arc j not too short nowadays; it is really wonderful ' how little apparel they may bo permitted to wear without disapproval. If with gestures, I hate to see a mountebank in the pulpit; if without, altogether too awkward, angular, and stiff. So could we multiply criticisms that have fallen like snowflakes from lips that have sung hymn and anthem in the house of prayer, j and tho poor preacher is hanged, drawn, and ! quartered, dissected, examined microscopically, j aud laid out generally at the Sunday dinner- j table for delightful delectation, and the ; weightier matters of the law and tho plowing - promises of the Gospel are forgotten in the gay ; revellings of injurious and soul - starving criticism, and thus the gates of pearl that j lead to tho throno have been --hut upon tho ■ starveling. Many other provinces of the con- i gresration could wo enter this morning in j which the rampant wild-beast criticism is let ■ loose, aud covers the sanded floor with his ! victims; but I have selected that of the i preacher only to stand in the witness-box, ! whilst I might add that in a Council Chamber ! near the Court there are more than a score of i witnesses who are not only willing but eager j to pile up their _ testimony against this , destroyer of the Christian ranks—the tongue, 1 tipped with the fires of iniquity :uH the flames : of "hack-wounding calumny." "Yourdiffi- ' cnlty, itseoms,"said one pastor to another, "is > to bring your members together; mine is. to keep them apart from each other." Tho tongue was the tie that bindB hero. There is, i alas! too much truth in the witty reply, j Churches live "in tho fierce light that boats ! upon a throne and blackens every blot." ; Men of the world, the flesh, and the ' devil, taught by their master, are perpetual ' students of Church history, and its comedies \ and bragedies are followed most carefully ] through every act. and most certainly will lie ; until the great curtain of completed time shall , fall upon the great closing scone of final ■ judgment, when unmarked eternity shall con tinue its unmeasured cycles. Wesley sang— Watched hv th« world's malignant eye, Who load us with reproach or shame. Churches, like man, cannot live unto them selves, and however much you uiav preach the doctrine of man's frailty, pointing to the fall : ot a David or a Peter, so blessedly restored by j a God of shoreless forgiveness, men of the j world will continue to gauge the worth, the j power, the vitality, _ the genuineness of ! Christianity by tho lives of its professors. ' Christ saw that this would he so, and : urged his disciples constantly to exemplifv His j power and virtue in their daily lives. ! "Ye are the salt of the earth; lose not its ; precious savour.". _ Ye are the light of the ■ world; eclinse not its brilliancy by o'onds of j iniquity and mists of worldliness. "No man ' can serve two masters," and with the voice of thunder ringing along the ramparts of time until the peaks of eternity take up the echoes he cried out in the onlv perfect sermon that was ever preached—"Ye cannot servo God and mammon." Yet tho thunder has not , pierced some dull ears yet. Seeing, then, that : the Ghurch ever sits in the court of the world, j and is subject to its keen criticism, seeing that i we in the Church are regarded as the deputies j of the Redeemer, the delegates of the Lord, j the ambassadors from the court of the In- j visible King, what should he our special care, I our great concern, onr binding duty, our con- I Btant privilege? It Bhould be this, to so guard our lips, yea, the very avenues of our souls, \ that no breath of lying report, no taint of sup- > posed suspicion, no circulation of whispered uncertainty should ever wake the echoes from our voice. James challenges a man's religion who does so. "If any among you- seem to l>e religious and bridleth not his tongue, this man's religion is vain." James " the Just" calls a Bpade a spado, and honours the spirit of plain Anglo-Saxon in dealing with tixo souL The most deadly of slanders are those that the law of libel cannot seise upon, too delicate for its iron grasp, and we cannot do better than to give a passage here from Rolwrtson:—"In St. James's day as now it would appear that there were idle men ancTidlo women who went about from house to house dropping slander as they went, and yet you could not take up that slander and detect the falsehood there. You could not evaporate the truth in the slow process of the crucible and then show the residuum of falsehood glittering and visible. You oould not fasten upon any word or sentence and say that it was calumny, for in order to constitute slander it is not necessary that the word spoken should be false—half-truths are ofteu more calumnious than whole falsehoods. It is not even necessary that a word should be distinctly uttered; a dropped lip and arched eyebrow, a shrugged shoulder, a signi ficant look, an incredulous expression of countenance, nay, even an emphatic silence may do the work; aud when the light and trifling thing which has doue the mischief has fluttered off the venom is left behind to work and rankle, to inflame hearts, to fever human existence, and to poison human society at the fountain springs of life. Very emphatically was it said by one whose whole life smarted under suoh affliction, " Adders' poison is under their lips." Shakspeare well said— The purest treasure mortal times afford Is spotless imputation; that away Men are but gilded loam and painted clay. A jewel in a ten times barred-up chest In n bold suirit in a Joval breast. Mine honour is luy iifo, both grow in one; Take honour from me and my life is done. To put out the fires of scandalous criticism is no easy task. Wo are all natural-born lagos in this respect, and must bo root-and-branch men boforo the tangled tufts of this unholy j life are tossed into the sunlight to wither. When in America the firebell tolls the locality | of the district whore tho flaino is raging j wo rush to tho verandah to see i tho fleet horses dash along tho street, ! and after tho ochoes of boll and wheels have died away we wait for the toll of two that sends forth the message that tho fire is out. ! Wo have to wait a long time very often when j tho flames of scandal are lit by the torch of ! tho tonguo before we hear tho music of the signal that the fire is out. Sometimes it is never sounded. One hitter, thoughtless word lights a perpetual fire in a life that caunot be quenched, and will burn until tho watchers will whisper, "Dead; hois dead!" and the wronged one goes " where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest." Hasty words, too. are javelin daits from tho hand of Saul that pin tho faithful Davids to tho wall. Therefore, how wise tho advice of 1'olonius to his sou Laertes, " Give every man thine ear, hut few thy voice; take each man's censure, but reserve tliv judgment," Human nature loves scandal; it feeds upon it. " Where the carcass is there shall tho eaglos ho gathered together." On tho shining sands of the Sahara the camel falls, and tho faithful boast after a few_ groans is dead. As they ara stripping oif its cargo, out of the cloudless blue above, as if by magic, there comes a vulture, then another, and another, and ore the cavalcade is a mile away from tho fallen beast scores of tho rapacious birds are fattening on their feast. So the human vultures assemble, but not many of them come from the blue above, but rather from the l|luo below. _ Wo love to hear tho merry wit "larded with malice," and with fierce beaks and sharpened talons wo tear the quivering flesh from tho prostrate one. Scandal sits in the crystal halls of our vision, spreads its very tent upon our tongues, breathes in our sighs, whispers in our scorns, and thunders in our rage. It delights to steal our gestures and rule our will, and like tho mad Mnxeppa it never rejoices more than when ] in its wildness it gallops away with usstrapped j to its bare back as powerless as babes. Some- I times in our fatal mistakes along the line of i unjust criticism, slander, whispered malice, ! circulated reports, deadly " on dits," members j of the Church themselves in the miserable log | hut of apology try to shelter themselves by i saying, " Well, wo can't help it, it is natural i to us." This sentence will do for the worldling, hut not for the child in Christ— this is the classic quotation of tho imcirenm cisod in soul. "We know that we have . passed from death unto life." Why? "Because j welovethebrethrcn," The language of scandal is spoken in the province of spiritual death by those that are spiritually dead, hut in the j provinc of life love is the alphabet of tho i language that is spoken. The one is the dialect of the devil, tho other is the classic of Christ. Henry Ward Beecher, a prince in the pulnit, said most trnlv. "a man must be like God in loving." " There will never be a con version of this world until there is an enthusiasm of love; until men at least under stand that the Kingdom of God comes without observation; until it is recognised that Chris- j tianity may make use of anything which will j promote its objects, but that it does not stand { in external forms, in governments, in orders, | in ordinances, in a priesthood, in the ininistra- ' tions of the sanctuary, nor in scholastic j appliances of any kind, until men bo- ] lieve that tlrj Kingdom of God is j within them, and that it is made tip of the fruits of the spirit—love, peace, joy, humility, I and goodwill toward men. If you throw this I out. you throw everything out. You may | erect Cathedrals till they kiss the lieavens i with gold, you may build your altars till they ! glow like the rainbow, you mav drape your ; priests and let them walk in solemn proees- j sions rich as emperor moths, you may have , your songs, your chants, your swelling i anthems in the sanctuary, _ and yet without : love theHe things are nothing, or arc like the I bubble that the boy blows, which he tosses in . the air, in which he sees liis face for a second, and then is gone for ever." Surely this is a . warning blast from the trumpet of prophecy, j Where love rules in the heart, and sits on the ' throne of power, with sceptre in hand, scandal lies in tho dungeon crippled with chains. Love ! is Hercules amongst the gods, who slew the ! Nemean lion of scand d, and hv his mighty skill cleansed the Augean stables of malice, calumny, and slander. Slander, wliose edge is sharper than the sword. Whose tongue nutvenoms all the worms of Nile, Whose breath rides on tho post ing wind, and doth >*>«ie All comersof the world—kings, qne-ns, and States, Maid-, uiarons; nay th- secrets of the grave This viprous s'-nder enters. I call this prisoner Scandal into open Court this.morning, and impeach him with the most deadly crimes against the Church, and would sav as one did of Hypocrisy, one of Scandal's colleagues Beware of yonder dog; Look, when he faw s he bites, and when he bites His venom tooth will rankle to the death. Have not to do wi h hi«r. Iieware of him; Sia, death, and hell ave sot their marks on him, And all their ministers attend on him. —Diehard III. Scandal kills Church unity. Scandal breaks the magnetic circle through which the Holy Ghost passes with electric fire from the Throne. Scandal feeds and fills the ranks of the deviL Scandal blots out the sun of influence by ebon clouds of darkness. Scandal makes the devil smile, if he ever does so, and furnishes fun for socials in the liottomless pit. Scandal ib the offspring of Satan, and shoold always be sent to his own place. God speed the victim. Let us ever pray that in this place there may ever be the primacy of love, I claim the rule s of love and the absence of scandal on the basis of the Christian Church being one family. What love is so protective, go silent, so sympathetic, so sacrificing, so powerful as that of family love? How sacred, how peuetrating, how far-reaching; continents cannot break its blessed spelL, and oceans with all their storms cannot sever its sweet influence. A dear old mother in Kngland a short year ago, but now in Heaven, holds me as tightly in her arms of affection as she did when 1 was a babe upon her bosom. And what so sad, so deeply pathetic, so tearful, as the ugly wrench of " that fell sergeant. Death, who is so strict in his arrest," wheu ho rudely breaks the iinlca of family love. Look at this picture. _ A child sleeping with its mother. Tne morning light breaks. and a neighbour finds the weeping child, and beside her a corpse, "I kissed nintmna three times," she said, "and she wouldn't kiss back." Is it possible that the departed spirit of that mother gazed upon that little beloved one, left in the wilder ness, pressing, kissing the cold, helpless lips that couldn't kiss back? Christ looked instead, and mothered and fathered that little waif. Family love is so faithful, so forgiving, so lasting that it i&ill; follow even a felon son to the grave, and make it rich with perfume fed by tears. Its love is far stronger than death. If thiB power of affection exists in the earthly family how much more then in the heavenly. God grant that here the Christian family life may be a model, and may wo indi vidually swear " eternal death to scandal and than little by little, as birds begin to sing in the morning, first one, then three, then five, and then a score, and then a hundred, and then all in the whole region bursting forth, so there shall go up out of this Church single strains of joy and triumph, and then more, and then still more, until at last they shall roll as the waves of the sea and tho thunders of heaven, as the voice of a multitude, or as tho sound of mighty waters, mingling with tho melody of the " harpers harping with their harps." 