THE FIGURE IN THE- SNOW. By .DANIEL II. CONNOR. It is not.with any intenitioin of adding to the alreadoover-long catalogue of so called "GhostSt?ories:stilliess attempt ingtoi llustiajteor to iefutoe some nei psychiooiciith"ýooy. that 'the singular expeiiencewhich I iam about to desciibe` ishie setIsorth `ly sole object is to cear myself ot an altogetheri nfounded suspicion, lumors 6of whici have begun; aftei a lapseof. manini months; to-reach .my ers bby giving to the 'rild tlie de tails of what is. beuhaps: the most ex traorinary episode i the whole courso ol legal histovy. The once 1anous Willoughby Case, celebriated as ibeing one of th`einoAst pio itractei Chaincer suits oni record. nd its suitlen mu a i,-nd,,, ri +. m .,h,, consequent ulon tne discovery,by one o the coujisel eengaged, of- certaiiiniissin documeii?'i otitle, must still,be fresh ii the public "memory; and:theirefeience w hici I shall ha-e to make .to that.case chianging only the namies of siclih eir sons aind places at might be pushedi 3 their titrouiction, into an 'inweilcomi notoriety 'ivill ,:thedftoie., be of tli slighitest nature consistent with thebvxo. Suffice it to say that. I Fre-deich Marsden, was the younig barrister ?.. ]ic found the iiisising documents, cipceled iin miy o?s?i chamblers tiiat tli-claiiianit, Miss 1Willoughb i"whose 'uccest tdepep ded upon the disco eiy of the deeds liha since becomie mi , if ivife, anid that . the sague unreasonable sluspickion l'. somc fraud onmt my apm n sfconnectiondh sitii the affair his: determinied mte to maike known ivswhati T xwould base arei at - ferred tu keep seciet, th singular, the almbst incredible: elicumistances uind r whichi Imadefthe dlisbdover.v.i' SIt .was: 'lin' tihe :autum i'd i'Bis "thai. beingi'on the loo out'. fori:' residehiti i chambers, I foidrid a. set vacantit:' a o ;N Trafford'.s Innr nea Holboii:'i The rooik's appearida likely-" ta'osuit me..n and :TI dc cordingly took them, and entereid i'urof my tenancy with the New Year. I had hitherto lived in lodgings; but lately I had begun to build up , ver . 's'tisfac tory little practice. and?t thought that my increasing irinome "?oiiii slif -an establidh~inontp of my oh.n . ..; : Trairotd's 'I.n. consists of a. small, stone-paedsquare, ahdupon'this square my rooms,:or rathel my ,sittling oom?i looked bapon 'the:'domimandizig altitude of 'the third flooir: TTlieaIlce .was`siuiet; almost too quiet;'tl hei sileice adt!niglit being Ipositively oppressive;., Alt;.: the buildings were "ey old, the: rooms.low pitched ..and oak-panelled,: the floors sagged, the ;ceilings- b';bulging ' down wi rds. . , . : 1 My chambers iad Ii no striking peculiarity,-except,;- perhaps, the fafet that they'had been ncant for. 'a good many years, and thi ti~iere.was, in' con sequence, af someit minust? atritds phere in the gaunt-<bhare r?oms .,and in the .great cupboards - and capacious chests with w hiclrthe place abouided' This, howevir, was ,soon got rid Of by, such simple expedients. asopeln -lin dows and a little fresh paint; and,, when I had had th 'place proplerly furnished, with pictures; ehairs, anditables,- all old fashioned arid apSropriat isr it looked: at least in the eyes of its new possessor, very.. comfortable indeed. Once fayirly settled I had quite.enough woric to occupy my tidie. My practice, as.'I lihave said: was ..- ~ nr g oon.n o ; gni among ot he cases; Iuwas-retained in one of the many minor suits arising out of tjis famous. dispute which "had been pending ??i years, aboit the title tdo the Willoughbv estats:. SThe ?case wias nowsupbposedy' to bie otarmig its close; which-it seemed alt most certainw-ourild "prove unifavopiaiel o.Utthe clatiniant . youngil girl justL iout. -fh$er riii :th.-;l .The " case "rested' eh^ irely'utipoon certaiei title ,leed'rwhdlo, ad obeieniiabstiracteld according,-to rthe irumeniit put fti arwrd oin lie behralf b Ss.n.soclt6r's cleinl; suboi ned n by ,,the opiposig- side. This ;liad occurred maniiy years ago; . * But the suit lladstiill dia e id.its iay ilonsu; atdi; no trace lavingti .beeru dis'. covered eithei of the dcleicl oi' of the missinig docuiieits, thie 1ihole storybaiad omie -to e' regrded .as sa fabricationi; So much so iindeeda; thirartlthe yfprosecir Lion of Missl Willoughbywi adsg regarded is being.lkely4 to follow an adverse des cision. Worltin .connectionu ewith, ,thiS ind. my: other *briefs. kept me; pretty busy during the. day; and my, evenings I usually .spent at. my. club, returning to chambers ,almost invariably-for I am. a very metlhodical;man - at-te stroke of twelve. and going straight:to bed. I mentioned this because .the. ele mrent of time is a.n important "factor in the ensuing pait-oftmy. story.': . .-...; It will be remembered .that thei'e were ....r. 1.a"ry ians &-n1 n f wf ' in rth th1 spring of 18 In the streets outside the snow lIay.on the groduijfor weeks ut our small square ?as'.s ept:. ?tfert every fall, an?d no sniow? was allOn ed .to: remain therei exceptli iwhat fell; :between dusk arid an early iour in the morni This, also;', it ,i; importantto ,heat ihii mind's' ;:.., . " One night Ii eruary there occutred have led` me , to;. thie' writing of`. thiS natiraive, I ,had entered 'the Inn, as and had crossed the siu iretovl ichl was lightly cai eted withs noticing; as I did so, thatmin we ie the first foobt prints to disiturb its unbirokeni surface. The night Ieas then ,pefectly clear and fine. I climbed my'three pairs of.stairs, and, on entering mny sitting room, wialke'd across the windowx-, and looked out. My eye Was at once 'caught by a dark object lying in the snow, imme diately beneath me, and a more careful examination showed that it was the figure of a man. Now. I could have sworn that, two minutes before, there had been nothing there; and, in addition to, that fact, there was this extraordi nary circumstance, enough. in itself, to impress me with a .queer uncanny sensation. In spite of the height from which T was looking, I could distinctly see every feature of the man's face: and never has it been my lot to witness a more horrible expression of mingled terror, pain, and malignant triumph. The eyes were wide and staring, and caught a steely blue glare from the light of the moon. The head was twisted back ward and half round from the body, which lay on its side, with one arm bent in underneath it. And there were dark splashes upon the snow, where the body must have, struck the stones. All this I took in at a glance, and, as I have said, with a quite unnatural clearness of vision. Then I turned and ran downstairs at the top of my speed, with the intention of rendering assist ance, if that were not yet too late. But in sudden amazement. There was noth ing there i Over the whole quadrangle the snow lay spotless and unbroken : save for the single track of my own foot prints leading diagonally across the square from the porter's lodge ' Perplexed and troubled, I slowly re ascended the stairs, pausing on each landing to look down again and assure myself that, this time, I was not mis taken. And, on re-entering my own room. I could not resist the temptation to throw one last glance out into the square. The figure was there still I The whIte"distorted face, with its glassy eyes; the twisted body: the splashes a blood dark against their pure white background ! It was still all there !":.: Again I darted out on the landing, an( again my eyes met only the -unbroket surface of, the snow. Backonce mor( into my 'oom. to find once -iore . thi same ghastly spectacle facing me, w\het r looked down:: .J threw up the: Sindow thimiking ;tlihat the iwhole th? ingi'ight" ix an illiusioni produced Ii some laims it tiq glass.: blut still' It ýas there.: Ifinally iii despair ,of isolsirig tih mN'tery; and thn t nk thatC I must, hi the ;victiim at soame sti'angeh iallucint tnI `losed the:;windosi,s drei. dos'n imy, biinds: to shutn out~ the horror, and 'syfipilht w:i.;hen. i ""looa'T kedot::i next moinimni shosed me only the daikc "clean-swrept 0iccg. wti'th which the quad ianiheleass .p red A thas .had 'se .mia aI ii itlii ol? scenie -was sq .-bhangef tliat V ?dildt nt itssboctiaitZit 'i ,. I~i I i itind Ithi- expWei'inne; of the', nghi bermie. So: thatbyth?'e tiimeIf had heakfa sted ad smikled a.; pip, I haid prett?_ :well ;'persuaded': myself 'that I must hia. driamed it all, rand ideten "mined to keep iiiown counsel: 'T tell the truth,' I wa-s 'just a little: ashamed to'tallc about ahat I haid seen. being a Sirofessed disbelieere in: tlie sul?" n d filladda'i raim' d d' thie ridicule \thich I kne i avbotild follo ally departure ftrinm :my ofte'i- kriessed convictions? There vas: fio moresiiow and notfurthier ip pearance of the' s-petral fligure for sevei? ea t-e?lis after this ;:n-aiid ini' the .jress of bi?siie ss. "the vwhble_ affair passed ,ilm;st "entiiely'ou .tof 'rfi re col lection. -Bufiu : I' sas-- not to 'forget - it-' so easily. : Sone 'fiveor se xweveks later, as I nwas walkiingli omei Cr the club at my regular houi; the fir-i't biAlskes of a heavy siiowt?ritorit? .ioiglf it all back 'to ne:- And' by the "tinhiI I;enched Traf forcd s :Inn ;the grounid .was covierdd :to tlbedepti; of "ox;el-vt inches; ";= Breath lessly-.l iurried ac oss the squaei' andup to ii? rooins, knowing instlfnctively wi'.t I s?s: _?isl,- o" ek : -vet-bhoiin- aatlinr5t hope tihtt I might be mistaken'-:': - " ': R ut I h i; guessed obily too werll There ilay thel outstreched figuire,ijust as'befoe, save ltha.tthere beizig iom oiino'th'eieye3 were invisible. But I now observed this strange phenomenon. On the last oc casion, there had-ben .no snow falling. Now, the air was ?lse:fwithilakes. But, ,whil.e every pro'dmillenit6object/ the Tiran ches of 'a. small .tre.tne'tilhainidle' of a pumDp in theef'e'ftre f thesqualrp- the lid .of a';coveredhsinkl?drd .by bore its soft cushion of whitethe l-body onrthe ground emaiilnzed untouched biy the,.allinglflakes and ustiill showed -througll.them-a 'solid, blancki imassi: ' ' \- sThil; meId Inhesitated no longer Hlurry ins.jback to-the lodge;I roused .the por ter-ian old soldier ,whol had held the post for "many yesr od bade him- follow n 7ip- made hi'm stop on:each landing, las ;iad do'ne and, poinrtiing to the spot, asl~ked dhiim whether lhe saw anything in tlie .sri6 :.· - .:..'-_ ' . * .'i:'..;,' .;. .. ,' * : : -,-' thi ? ;sno?t-S.: i Winvb '-T oair nthilns was his 1'h-I - 0indm, is-i ri.amtn,, :wvas hni rather: puzzId hiansweh: n And I notice. ith;it'he lokeidhardsi an dsoremiat cu outhen fo .hevwrn-we-wereie inside mo i"oom and las-.he ore put theiquiestioi to him: ;d .. .. . : . . - ' - : "'Now, iportere, canoyou see anythino :there?' rOr-sm: l dreaming?" his man niecisuddenly chalianged^ A light seemei to break upon him and. bending eagerl ou.t from the window, he took ia on: look; rubbed his eyes,.'and .then ..looke • Wagain;h. s .i;he."' hw - : ;. * ; At last he turned and;faced;:me, wit d the worids-: . . , " . : "No, sir. Thereais nothing. thee.u ; no : is I cari see :" :- * ' . , But his face was as white:as a. sheet Shis.lips were trembling, and.I knen tha the man ;lied. ;He, too, sawwhat I hae seen- --: Further, he knewinwhat I did .no :know-something of ithe apparition's hid den:meaninng. ; . : S'-What -this might ber- hoivever, he aa ieither afraid or unwilling.totell-me, an. l tTn-mrinTvitation -that he would tak somethingus tdrintc,-.e answereda tnm otne dared. not, leave his post;a tthe lodge for longer than was absolutely necessary. So I gave.- up the idea of trying: to getany. ihformstion from him,- and bade'.hmin Good'night." .*: :: i. : Next day I laid.the:ihole :story before my friend Jack Briant, a.barrister slight. ly my senior in standing,-and;a- greater sceptic, if that were possible,- than.my self in all matters relating to: the super natural. As I expected,. he was at first utterly incredulous., - .. N"1'onsense.-my dear fellow!"- was,his. comment wheni T had finished' :"':You must h;:ve been reading too:.hard; .and got'your eyes a bit out of order.i'And; as for- old Martin'--MIartin was the porter -"getting.in a -funk .and :shivering; -;I don't wonder, when you make him stand lookinig out of thlie windoowint '2l'o'.ploR" ntinight in a blinding siiow-storm: ,.:I'll, hbelieve you when you.can show me your Khost,:and noct ill; then: ..?.l ;? ,*:i . -... , "? -Come'nouip to-nighllt;'. I'said; "if . it snows again between-this a?u then;- Land I will sliowoyou'imy ghost;, asyou call it" .:-'fright ymou a:re," hd'fieilied.'' '"Noth in'g"I.'should lik6 better Aniid. we'll see i.ivecan 'i'iriock?'thebl6oittom out of this cocr and' bhull story of'yoursl At t elve yonisay this gentleinani Is on view." ; l "Twei lv' It-'ansisered.- '-I shall lex 3"pectsyoueat ti?velve 'O'" n ' h ' T'here'sii i t inorIonteiie rond oigain -that'evening wh nI made mi'wkay home, .taiing careitdiarive aligout ' quirter be tore-in inights so sias'to d'keep Briant waiting l ''Isa'1s6' taniods;, if-the truth musthe fe old; to smee for myself whether or not Ishould aive o'anything to show him. There was-a- small entrance hall or parssage betwiveh the "Oak" and the door -of emy' sitting- room, 'and coming frbm this pkassage, which was pitch dark, into the comiparative light of the- larger roonim, I saw; to my astonishment, that someone had got in during my absence. Seated at a small table beford the fire was the figure of a man, busily occupied in writing. Every nown and then he would raise his head and glance round at the door, asthoough he expected to see someonie. ?ut, as his eyes met mine, someone. Aut, as his eyes met mine there was no recognition in theni. Hi would stare straight at me for a mo ment, and then turn and begin feverish ly to write again. A faint shaft of ligh from the window on the opposite side oi the square fell on his face, and I coulk recognise, with that abnormal elearnesi of vision which I had before remarked the face that had stared up at me, ma lignant and distorted with agony, fron its snow-bed in the square below. Now however. it bore an expression of eager anxiety, a terrified hunted look whiel was almost piteous to witness. For what seemed an age, though, o course, it could only have been a fee minutes, I stood watching him ini th doorway, fascinated, chained to the spot Sheet after sheet of paper he coverer and tossed aside, and, at last, just as neighboring clOCIk egan to clime th first quarter of twelve, he dashed his pel down, sprang to his feet, and bundled a] the papers together, looked fearfullt over his shoulder towards the door. . Then he lifted up the window seat which appeared to form the lid of a larg box or ottoman, and kneeling in front o it, seemed to be stowing the paper i away at the bottom of it. This took som little time, and, when he stood uprigh again, the action of stooping so low hat i shaken his long greyish hair down ovea Shis forehad, imparting to the thin face Swith its deep-set eyes and prominen cheekbones a wild, haggard look, th look of a man in some fearful extremity drawn, agonised, despairing. He faced-. . me noNv, and was coming townards: thlie : door:. Inivolorntrily I shrank a n.pac or :t'two .:;; backward.'' -But on. :the. threshold he . stopped suddenli, cranicg' forward, ari'd.. seeming to listen intently, as .though his. .' eai hliad caught .some souind' o. ii '..theli '--' - j stairs :outside. aFormnioment'hie stoodl--t l-e ;witli one hanid pressed .. to his bfocl rihexa?i':'i then turned and rushed. across' to --the " -.' windowt;v. Opening it, he looked out hb'ut drew back shuddering. There'- were * ): ' steps on the staircase now;' Briant had. ' I arrived; And then the end came. - 5 Springing first.non to the -window-seat . and from thl't out. on the sill, the man drewo himself to hfis full height, stood bal anced for one second, and, with a final .c.ncentrated look of terror and hatred. . shot. downwards into the dark. And, as ,he fell,' the last leisurely stroke.of mid :night boomed out on the still night air. Callin' to Briant to wait a minute,,I. crossed to .the window and looked out. ;There lay the black, prostrate -figure,:. . ' A just as,I-had always seen.it. My next step ..was .to openthe. window-seat and. buntidle out.all.the contents of the box, a ';i: mIscellaneous collection of odds and enids '' anid emptybottles. Of.course, therewere . i , no. papers underneath them; but at one .eindof the' bottom fodund a small hole,.. into) which LIwas'able to put. my finger,. and i: a'ld're the .board. Between the -:"'* floor andi the bbttiom of the chest was-i . a sipace ~ of a?bout three.inilhes, contain' . ing'several folded pairchments and somem- a' loose sheets of 'paper,t all stainied, mil hew cdci and: smothered "in diist. As :. hfte[L out tie first: of the sheets 'inane in 'the" edbrsem-eht"caught iny. eye- the- -?? name of bW5llughl3 \a "I'!isayold mari; liuriry uj; for. goodnes : "ej s.ke!: I'm. freezing,- c'tiame a- vice frdom .' i outside It was Briarit,' whom I haild for- gotten; so'alisorbed was I ini the exun-. . n .-' ation hof the'chest." I now made dhaste -' to adilmit himi, saiIn at I' oplened the '/ door;=; ': : Jaedk I:believe I'i ofound thfemissing .iinoughb;:l deed?. .lie was oiidousrl disappointed. S"Oh?1 hesaid. ."And wihat about the ghost! -'I diion't expect to -e iit off Withl anything lss t'tlihan th'"eal autlienticc '' c ghost; afteirturning out at thisuiinseemlni hour. on pilpose to imeet hiin. It wouldn't befair you kioi." " :'The:'ghost' is there,'I s?IId. "Itn?-as through the I'ghost' that -discoxered' tlese thinigs." A' nild I pointeid, first tor the a iido@ , iand then to the hep orf papers.on my table. .'..::'-. " ' Where?" asked Briant, peering out. There's nothing down there. What a fool you are,-Fred'.":: : I joined him at the window, and looked: out also.;. The figure had vanished!` ". Now,n'-hat .have ydu got to ~y for yourself?". Jack went on almost angrily, 'You're. satisfied at last, I hope" . But when I .told him what I had seen that night, and showed him the very ma terial-result of .my "vision," 'his tone. changed, and- hl admitted: that "there did seem something queer about it". ".Mtind you.". he said, "I don t believe... andl.never shall believe, that there ever vas any, ghost in the business." tBut ':f there wasn't." I. argued: . W'That could have made ime thInk of looking'in that box. .hy, .I never even, knewi that there was a box under that. seat. Howv:do you explain it?". T'aclk ponderedi. :ITani it all '.ian!' hesaid at last.; "'l' i ,One 'can't explain eierything." Then .wlit the fire anidour pipes, and settled down: to anr examinatidn of. the papers:e The foled parchmeints -ere, aisI h'ad guesse: i:he longpmnisslihg ,title deeds; of hlie Willoiighly'iroperty. Th ico[ns sheets mr nnieed c n an rnmhlins IA_ stateient, ailmost illegible iin places, and: lirealkir~goff into'da thin, waverin"g line, ivihere the \ri:ter:hacd been interrupted, iade liy:thc clek who hliad abstracted the papers. His reason for the theft w~as arpparently'- his resentment of an unn- f"i' jjust dismissal; anid he had .fled;' when pursued. to the chambers occupied liy Iis staster 'liho as:'then absent from town .. . I \- Our neeusa of 'the -papers st fa into the night; and early nest mornieng r called" on. Miss Willoughby's solicitors - and handed over the documents.to:themn. How, at -theiroffice; :I met Edith.Wil loughby, how our acquaintance ripened.:. ' ; intofriendship, and our -friendship into love- these are. matters which have no < connection " with amyS:. present ,. story. Enough that I, asvwell as my' wife,'owe ": .a heay debt of gratitude to the..Traf-. . ford's Inn .ghost, who has brought us sometling worth more, as Edith puts it, t?n all .the estates in the'world. . As for my spectral visitor. he never appeared again. His missidin was ap paiently accomplished as soon as.he had . l apointed out'the hiding: place of the deeds. T questioned the porter a'gain, telling himn that the emystery was solvred, whereupon dhe admitted that he did remember the clerk' suicide one' snovy night long ago; bujt knew- no6thing of its cause or its . hearing on the Willoiughly case: `And for the rest-but: no. I would rathei not enter upon 'that: -As Jacl: Biiant says,: dne can't explain every- ' thing '"Gems." . 