CiiAiTKB IL-IN TUE STORM. Kitly watched lier sister persistently all the weeks ¡hut intervened between her en- gagement and her matriagti, and could" make nothing of her. She might have been a lay tig uro for all thc feeling she fellowed. She stood perfectly fat ill whilst they tried lier dresses, but dhu never once glanced at the mirror, or showed any interest in their fashion or fit. Nor did Clement's presents, magnificent as they were, provoke any cn* thuuiasin in her heurt. Tile diamonds made all the women's cycB glisten ; they might have been thc commonest pebbles for all the nolico Lois vouchsafed them. Hie proud, pathclic, beautiful face was as cold looking as marble ; but it could be warm, and l>riu;lit, und sweet, and cager, Kitty knew, and her lieud itched all thc while because of what this change must mean. If abc had heeu older she would have spoken to her mother ; but Kitty knew that her opinion was not considered of any consequence on account of lier youth, and moreover it was useless io say anything if Bile did not say all, which she dared not do. So thc time moved on, and it was now tho eve of Lois's wedding. All thc last prepara- tions had been made, and the wedding-dress und veil were lying across thc couch in Lois's dressing-room, looking so like the ghost of u bride it had nearly frightened one of the maids into hysterics. Dinner was over, but for once Clement Dene hud not been present. But he was expected every moment nsw, and Lois seemed always to be listening as she leant against thc porch, the roses and honey- suckle casting their sweets before her who was so much sweeter than thoy. Kitty had got into the habit of watching her in a persistent, tender way, and she was watching her now. She saw her begin to tremble a little, and knew Clement was coming, even before she heard his step. But Lois's hearing was keener than hers, or rather, she knew, through some finer instinct, which, as yet, was lacking in the younger girl, who had never suffered. There was a shrinking all through Lois, as of actual bodily fear ; but seeing Kitty's eyes fixed on her, she straightened herself at once and began to laugh in a nervous t>ort of way. In a few more seconds everyone knew that Clement was coming up thc drive, and Willie, with whom he was a prime favourite, jumped up and ran off to meet him, taking all thc flower-beds in IIÍB way. Mr. Duncombe awoke from his abstraction, and assumed an affable air of expectation. Mrs. Duncombe lifted her tired bauds, and folded them ceremoniously on her lap. An atmosphere of formality and restraint seemed suddenly to pervade thc little group, and even reached the loose branch of honeysuckle, which had broken away again, and seemed to be some- what fluttered, liut then'it was close to Lois's lips, and she was breathing very fast, for behind Clement was the tall, upright figure of Captain Crawford. But before he reached them Lois had herself well in hand, and even advanced with a slight emile to greet her bridegroom. At Captain Crawford she never so much as glanced. " I could not come before," Clement said, looking at her with hungry, passionate eyes. " I wau BO sorry, too, lo miss any part of our last evening." "Your last evening!" repeated Mr. Dun- combe, with a puzzled intonation. " You know what I mean," and he laughed. "It wilt be tho last evening I shall spend with Lois Duncombe." Tho Bunset lights were fading a little, but there was still a lurid gleam under the black cloud-line, and somehow it gave a sinister expression to Clement's face-new and startling to Lois, for she drew back instinc- tively. " What is it?" he added, in a lower tone. " Are you angry with me !" "Of course not-what reason have I for being angry!" she answered, with grave politeness. '* You said yesterday you had to go into Billsborough this afternoon." " But I old not expect to be detained so long. Groenlow is so confoundedly long winded" (complainingly) ; " those lawyer fellows often are !" " I don't know much about lawyers," she said indifferently. " May you never improve your acquain- tance with them, Lois. So far 48 I foresee there will be no need," and a sudden shadow crossed his face. But he laughed the next moment, though a keen observer would have said that lt was only with his lips and not with his heart. Lois would never forget that evening as long as she lived. A calm so intense it was actually menacing seemed to brood over them, and unconsciously, involuntarily, they talked together in low voices. The very atmosphere was sympathetic, for it was intensely calm, too, but in a threatening way. The clouds hung low, and a trail of mist crept up, ghost- like, from tho valley, whilst the cattle moved uneasily about the meadow. " We aro going to have a storm," Mr. Dun- combe said presently, looking over the darkening landscape with languid interests. " I know it hy my head." "And I know it by my corn," put in Willie. " You ridiculous boy 1" exclaimed his mother, rather shocked. " People don't refer to such things in polite society." "I hate polite society," he retorted. "It is a mass of affectation and sham. There can't be anything improper about a corn." " No, but it is vulgar," persisted Mrs. Duncombe, "and as you happen to be a gentleman-" He interrupted her almoBt sternly. " I am bound to say and do nothing unworthy of the position I claim, mother, and I never have, and I never will, but you mustn't mind my being a little unrefined at present. I shall soften down in time." Be looked up at her affectionately, and she smiled down upon him. " There's not much the matter," abe said, and her hand fell caressingly amongst the brown curls which Kitty saucily called his mane. "Hark! what ÍB thal?" " Unly thc wind, mother. We always have a great gust like that up from the sea before the storm comes. Hadn't you better go indoors ?" "Yes, go indoors," echoed Mr. Duncombe from the porch. " It will pelt io a moment." Aa fae spoke a vivid flash of lightning illu- mined all their faces, and showed Lois standing pale and erect between Clement Dene and Captain Crawford, looking defiantly straight in front of her. The latter was speaking to her, but she did not answer-perhaps she did not even hear-and «ho did not go indoors, although her father called out again, this time from the hall. " I love a storm," she said, drawing a quick breath," and what does it matter if there ÍB danger. It must be au easy death." " But you cannot want to die, Lois," said Clement, reproachfully. " Why not ? ' Count no man happy nntil he is dead ?' " She finished with a laugh that mixed itself up in a sinister way with the growl of the thunder and the hoarse wailing of the wind, and made Captain Crawford's eyes turn upon her anxiously. " Death is a rest and a forgetting," Bhe went on. " Life is remembering and struggl- ing all the timo. " "Why not say loving and enjoying?" whispered Clement. " Because neither love nor pleasure lasts," she answered coldly. " They should both seem eternal to you at twenty, Lois. "It is as ne get on in life that our illusions vanish." "Then yon admit that there are illusions," she said quickly, "and people only believe in them whilst they arc young and ignorant 1" " I did not mean that. Pleasure may be fleeting, but love at any rate goes with us to the grave, often to our sorrow, and sometimes to our shame, if wo love unworthily. Rut there is Mr. Duncombe calling you again, Lois," he added. " Mow you must go in." She waited fer the next flash, which seemed to light up the white heavens with ono blue lambent flame, in which there was a zig-zag pattern as of flaming serpents darting swiftly earthwards. Then in a second came thc great crash of thunder overhead, and a sound as if a cannon ball had burst close beside them. Thc two men drew back instinctively, both of them drawing Lois with them, but though sho did not resist them she was smiling all the time, although there was a strange look in her eyes. " I thought it was coming then," she said. " But it seems lam reserved far a worse fate," and she turned and went in Captain Crawford and Clement Dene were left standing on the path alone. "You do not repent now?" the former said, in u low impressive voice. " You have had your warning. " Pshaw ¡"exclaimed the other disdainfully. "I am not so easily frightened aB all timi. Besides, what I have Bi>id I hold to, though all thc elements were against me." Another flash of lightning, ICSH vivid than the last, showed his bold, definite face and set lips to his coinpauion, a face in which there was no sign of relenting assuredly, and his own hardened as he looked. But it was only a brief revelation, and told him perhaps no moro than he already knew, but he made oue more effort to move the man at his side nevertheless." " Have you no pity ?" he said. " The girl's tacowould move u heart of stone." " She accepted mc of her own free will." " She never had a will of her own. She accepted you because abe was told to do so. But she suffers, poor child. Look how she shrinks when you touch her I Would you not hate lo have a wife to whom your caresses were torture ?" "She'll get over that," retorted Clement Dene. " Love begets love, you know." "In some women, perhaps, but Miss Duncomne is not tint sort. She dislikes you now. She will loathe you the day after to- morrow. ' " That is what I call brutal frankness," replied Clement, with an uneasy laugh. " You cicced your prerogative, my friend." " I shall have no rights to-morrow, if you ?narr}' Lois, ¿ince I snail be your fricud no longer-rather your enemy. So I must speak while I can. "By Jove!" exclaimed Clement, sharply, "I believe you are in love with ber your- self !" Captain Crawford did not change colour, and his face was like a mask us he answered "That would not affect the question one way or the other, because you know very well that I am a poor man, and Mr, Duncombe would not give me his daughter on that account. But I have a deep chivalrous respect for the girl, and I would fain save her if I could. If she docs not love you she ought not to be forced to marry you." " Now you are talking nonsense !" said Clement impatiently. "Girls cannot be forced into marrying anyone in these enlightened times. If she said ' No' instead of ' Yes' at the altar, I should have to abide by it ; and there is nothing to prevent her, as far as I can see." "There is everything to prevent her, morally speaking. Besides, it requires more courage than most girls possess to rebel against the authority of a man like Dr. Duncombe." " Mr. Duncombe always strikes me as most polite and considerate to all his children." " So long as they oppose him in nothing ; but it is the iron hand in the silken glove, always. " "1 think you do him an injustice,"Clement began, but Captain Crawford stopped him impatiently. " You can see for yourself. Look at the girl's face, I tell you 1 " It is the most beautiful I ever saw, if that is what you mean." " You know I don't mean that. What good hos ber beauty done her, that I should dwell upon it ?" " Humph !" said Clement, laughing con- strainedly, " You get more and more uncom- plimentary, my friend, and force rae into blowing my own trumpet. I am young, not reckoned ill-looking by the opposite sex, and I have £10,000 a year. There s scarcely a girl in the county, from the Earl of Loamsbire's daughter downwards, I couldn't have had for the asking, though I say it who shouldn't." " Then why the devil didn't yon ask one of tho others?" interrupted Captain Crawford fiercely. " Perversity of human nature, I suppose. The one who didn't want me was the one I set my heart upon, and," setting his teeth, " mean to have." "It has never occured to you, I see, that I could prevent this marriage if I choose ?" "It never has, and, in any CSBS, why should you choose? She is nothing to you." " Nothing to me?" repeated Captain Craw- ford, with a strange sort of calm. "Still lookers-on see the most of the game. That poor girl is being led like a lamb to the sacrifice, and I will save her if I can." "Is that a threat?" inquired Clement, frigidly. " No, it is a warning. Go and tell her now she is free, and leave the country at once, ex- plaining by letter to Mr. Duncombe that you could not take an unwilling bride even from her father's hands, und you and I will bc friends again, as in our old boyish days." " Aud what if I refuse ?" " Then look to yourself, Clement Dene, for it will be war to the knife on my side." "You don't mean that you will murder me, I suppose." " There is no neod for mc to explain my meaning ; but I will save that girl at all costs. Vou understand ?" Clement burst out laughing. " How melodramatic we ure 1" he cried. " But, seriously, Crawford, it's infernally bad taste. You have been ranting and raving for the last ten minutes like a third-rate actor." " Possibly ; only I have not been playing a Íiart. I never was more in earnedt in all my ¡fe." "Then you actually mean that you will prevent my marrying Lois Duncombe ?" " That I won't swear to. But you shall leave her herc, under her father's roof." " I'll bc hanged if I do !" " We shall see about that," and his tone was sa menacing that Willie, who had come out into the porch to look for them, stood stock still, staring. " Why, what's up ?" he said, and Captain Crawford answered coolly and satirically. " We've got a bet on, that's all. The best friends don t always think alike." " I know, I often pitched into the fellow I liked best at school. But after we had fought it out we were chums again. Bat do come in. Lois has been so frightened about you, Clemant," he concluded. Clement glanced at Captain Crawford, and stroked his moustache ; the other gave him a look of mingled menace and disdain, as he passed him, and went into the house. " What a wax Captain Crawford is in," ex- claimed Willie, with the irreverent candour of his age. " What have you been and gone and done to him ?" "Nothing," answered Clement, shortly, and he, too, wont in. Willie stayed behind for a minute, ponder- ing. He had always fancied that his future brother-in-law and Captain Crawford were devoted friends, und had been from their school-days ; thoreforc their present attitude towards each other puzzled and surprised bim, It was not BO much the words spoken as the look of fierce resentment on one side, and Bullen defiance on tho other, which he had surprised, that startled Willie, and set him thinking. An older man would have gueBsod what it was that had oome between them, but Love had never yet entered into Willie's life, and therefore he did not give it its proper place in his calculations. He had not arrived at any solution of the mystery, on account of this omission, when his mother called to him plaintively : "I do wish you would come indoors, Willie. I am suro you will lie struck by lightning." And the boy, who had u very tender, chivalrous affection for his pretty, weak mother, obeyed without demur. 