THOMAS JAHVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our represent ative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, -Ultimo, fie was discovered nursing a iwo- year-old baby, aad his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up' and about and able to answer tbe 'knock at the door. Al though pale and bearing the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalesence. in reply to tne -preliminary questions, he said: 'You want to krow all about my case? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are ?stricken as I was.' v' ?? How long were you Buffering ? '- — ' Well, twelve months ago I got ao had that I had to leave off work, and I have' done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident Ijave been in failing Health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give op my billet at the Glebe Island.' '**?? What were ihe symptoms ? ' ' Simply -indescribable ! ^The pains were something, terrible. They were Jnst .about as much as I could bear. They were for sU the; world like as if a f^.iWBre'^tiliKrig.Biy bones In two in every' part of me. I had no control over r^y bowels or bladder, and was a Jfuisance^ to. myself and everyone else, r.was incessantly ehivering and ehaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On 23rd March-last I saw a-well- known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' v-jjio you make use ot the order ? ' '. 'No; I came home and went to bed, apd have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across -the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed, I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost.* My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in.' I was under him for -five or six weeks. He came to the. conclusion that I was Buffering from Loqomotor ataxia, or Progressive Loco motor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told mi £ might last for' 10 years, and that! uii^tit never get the nse of my legs. {Juu then the -patient kicked his legs about with energy to e'jow that medical opinion is infallible) Well, just as a drowning man will/grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea, conveyed, by the advertisement describing the cars effected in the case of another boiler .maker in England, which I read in the Australian Work man, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a casS which seemed to fit my own. -I detennmed to give the Pink Pills a trial any way, and seiit for a box. The efieet was as marvvilbiis a* it was magical.. I was able to 'eat and sleep as though noliiuig waa tbe matter with me. It Vasiiiie first »ppetit8. and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible.. I im mediately left the bed.*nd was able to move aboat. .:;3;-,ib»ji»;|tafcBn: four boxeB ^iodjainjB^Witaking the fifth box. ? £ can .waik^abbut withtije aid of a stick, and am WracluaUy, Jjni Purely, ^.reoovering my fprhijsrvJBor^nd vitality. ? Ton Bee those «pptaM^ jhi^t;rffiliw are perfectly new, ?'«ndl liaye^rw^aejel.^iem.'.; ThWSriw»'; n^a|^r.WBibisi^TI'^o^fce PirUc^ls; ' I don't want ihem. 'AH I waqt is tbia Btick, and I hope soon to So without it. You «e I am rapidly isgaiiiing my ^' He Is » JOQ per **nt. better,' said Un. JarVis, -who had come in and taken 'the -ba1?y bniier knees. .. «. The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.'' . ,A fnena who called in at tbia point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight pre viously. ' . . 'lean now,'.' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold batJi, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep ongoing the way I am. I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very sink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any lamp daring the past five years. I ascribe all the ohaage and benefit to these Pink Pills, They liave saved my lite,. Ija in no pain now, whatever, and feel like anew man. On the roantel pieceihere i/t a box of opium and morphia j pills which ihe doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who know* me has bean amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation onthrte,' ?..'.;. - i -: Such Is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news- - papers of itis coniitry of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure looomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal -disease, -also Ihe many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of tbe blood, such as ansunia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, lo»8 of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the baok, nervous head «ohe, etcx 1 