“SAYINGS OF OUR LORD.” SERMON BY THE REV. F. SLANEY POOLE. At St. Peter’s Church on Sunday morning the Rev. F. Slaney Poole delivered a sermon on the “ Logie, or sayings of our Lord," which have recently been bronght to light, and which are aausing to tnuoh interest throughout the Christian world. The rev. gentleman based bis sermon upon the words —“And there are also many other things whioh Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every oue, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the bonks that should be written,” St. John xxi., 25. He remarked that the discovery in Egypt of the tiny scrap of faded papyrus on which were written the eight “ logia” or “sayings" of our Lord had sent a thrill throughout the civilised world, and the excitement had been heightened by the belief of many scholars that that fragment was the oldest bit of Christian literature yet discovered. Some had given it a date of A.D. 150, others thought it as late as A.D. 300, but even taking the lateet date it was at least 100 years earlier than the oldest known MSS. of the New Testament. The discovery made one think it possible that others of a like character might be made; that other . accounts of our Lord’s life and work and sayings might be brought to light; that the whole Christian faith as we now receive it may be stirred from its founda tions; (hat the whole oomplex'on of Chris tianity as we now understand it may be altered; and that the Christian creeds may be proved to be unworthy of belief. Buthe ventured to think we might rest secure.. Dis coveries that had been made in the past had caused no alteration in any vital part of our religion, and this last disoovery was exactly an echo of that which we already possessed in the four Gospels of the Bible. The “ logia ” did not alter any old truths; they did not even modify them; the centre of gravity of Christian doctrine was not shifted a hair’s breadth by the latest discovery. But supposing further discoveries were made and they were contrariant to the teachings of the Gospel, it was, he pointed out, the function of the church as a whole to settle the canon of Holy Scripture. The Gospels did not claim to give us anything like a oomplete account of all that Jesus did and taught. The Bacred writers, inspired by the Holy Ghost, were content to set out only those events and words whioh were necessary, and which, as St. Lnke told üb, were beyond question; for it bad to be remembered that a large proportion of the sayings of Jesus, and much of the history of His earthly life, were handed down to the generations who wrote the New Testament by oral tradition, and it could be realised how, even-with the greatest care and honesty, it was possible for tradition to become oorrupted. Returning to the question of the effect which further discoveries might be expected to have upon the Christian faith, the rev. gentleman declared that supposing a discovery to be made of a document of unquestioned early date, which set out a life of Christ contra dicting the words and facts as contained in the Gospels, it would not shift ever so little one article of faith. The church of God did not depend and was not founded upon a book ; it existed before the New Testament was written. The last book of the New Testament could not have been written mnch earlier than 100 A.D., so that for some 70 years after our Lord's departure the ohurch of God existed, and carried on her work without a complete set of the books of the New Testament. For himself he waß firmly convinced that nothing could or would ever be bronght to light which would overturn one article of the Creed or controvert one statement of Holy Scripture when rightly interpreted. He had read the “ logia" with the deepest interest, and so far aB he could understand them they seemed to bear corroborative sup port to the impregnable rock of Holy Scrip ture, those ancient writings which-men of far off \days spake and wrote as they were 'moved by. the Holy'Ghost;* 