A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. THE INTERESTING flASE F MR. THOMAS TAUVIS WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS I bRIPPLED-PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM LocoMoT0on ATAXIA. AND HELPLESS. DocTons, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DIE 4S-IIIs CASE WAS BOPE LESS BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. To DAY HE IS A NEW MAN. FULL "F LIFE AND ENERGY SHIS CRUTCHES 11E HAS THROWN AWAY HI' DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE Has RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND Our. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case, 'that we hav published the facts again as they appeared in th. Australian Workman a few weeks ago:- One afternoon our repres.intative [sade h; way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursi' a two-year-old baby, and his face declared hi. to be one of the happiest nnen in Sydney H was up and about anti able to answer the kn. ck at the door. In reply to the preliminary question- h. said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of au opportunity to tell y u. The facts may be of value to those who at stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ego I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christ mas,.I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been In failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the maladyI was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ? Simply inde scribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a wellknown doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order ? " "No, I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that It was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). t Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw,. I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the curn effected in the case of another boiler-maker In England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr r Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in a the advertisement of a case that seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a \- trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing were the matter with me. It was the first appetite and, rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking I the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of I a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering I my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was tao 1 weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want Is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see 1 am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than \- he did a fortnight previously. " 1 can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of I health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to- day than I have been at any time I during the past five years. I ascribe all the " change and benefit to these Pink Pills They have saved my life. I am In no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change In me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again hasc. q..-. a son_ Ssatlon out here." cue ut sn Such is the remarkable hislory, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They curne locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and Sspinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, rgeneral muscular weakness, Indigestion, loss of 'appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nrosheadache, &c.; nTrhese pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or tile Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Queen s Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half dozen for 14s 9d. 