THOMAS JARYIS INTERVIEWED. • On Thursday afternoon, our representative mndu his* way to the humble home ot Mr. Tliomns Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo, He was discovered nursing a two yenr-old baby, and liis face dotfiared him to be ono of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it whs very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence.. '• In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." • " How long were you suffering ?" ■ " Well, twelve mqnths ni>o 1 got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a batli in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, 1 was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." ; " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains woro some thing terrible. They wore just about as mnch as I could boar. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of mo, I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else, I was incessantly shivering and shaking and could neither eat nor sleep. On the .23rd March last I saw a well known doctor and ho told me that my case was utterly hopeless. . However he gave mo an order : to the Director oE Charitable Institu tions." ;>'".Didyou make use of the order ?" > " No ; I came home nud went to bed, and have boon pretty well in bed ever > since. Five weeks ago I could not wnlk across the floor ; in fact I could > not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a > question oE dayp when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, > nnd did.all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was > in. I . was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that > I'was suffering feom Locomotor Ataxia, or Pro. gressiva locomotor ataxy, a > disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances nf gait, > and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments; He told me that I > might last for ten years,'and that I might never get'the use of my legs, i > (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to Bhow that > medical opinion is not in fallible). Well, just as a drowning man will grasp > at a straw, I grasped at an' idea conveyed by the udveitisement describing > the euro effected in the' ease of another boiler-maker in England, which I > read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Wil liams Pink Pills for Palo ■ > People,. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my'own > redetermined to give - the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a .box* > The effect was as marvellous as it w.-.n magical. I was nble to eat and > sleep as though nothing was the matter with mo. • It was tlio first appetite > and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible," I imme diately left the > bed and was able to move about, I have taken four boxes of Pink'Pills during > the past four.weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with > the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely recovering my former vigor > nnd vitality. You see thoso crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I > have never used them, they welomade for,mo before I got the Pink Pills, but > I was too.weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this > stick, and I hope soon to do without it/ Yon see 1 am rapidly regaining my > strength." He is 100 per' . crafc. better,";-said Mrs. Jaivis, ;,who had come in and taken the-baby on her knees. The Pink Pills'have saved, his life? and. made another man of him." ■ (A fricnd who called in at, this pointr said that .Jarvis looked ten ycaiB younger that'day than ho did a fortnight ^roviously. " VI can now,"'continued Jarvis,' "have a cold bath,(and all the feeling.h?s come back,in my leg*. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to bo in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. .. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. 1 ascribe all the change and -benefit to theso Pink Pills,They have saved my life, I am in no paiu now, .whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box <s£ opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the ex cruciating pain, But, thoy can stay whuro they nre, for 1 no longor need them. Kverybody who knows me has boeu amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believo their eyes. My beint; about again lias cahsed quite u sensation out here," t>uoh is this remarkable history, aud it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ntaxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anmmia, palo and sallow complexion, general muscnlnr weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, otc. 