THE SW.AHHILM ABHIYED. ' The criminal, net which pretty well' enmeshes the .world has .been .once: piore put to a .severe "test, and' has caught and held a .man who, if .the charges that will be brought against . him are substantiated, is as great a dri- Ininal as the world '-has' ever 'known.; teutler, otherwise Harwood, is Ironed end .caged, and, .If he is ithe per petrator of the mountain ,mur- 1 Vers he Us on ithe straight .road for the gallows. The thud ' of the idrop which, laundhes; and the twang of the rope1 (wlijch diokes him, will be .pleasant unu-; pic in the world's ears; for, bitter as tho ., Konfesslon is, it is, nevertheless, true, I that humanity is ipossessed of -a icoa- J Burning desire 'for the extermination <of . : "" slhia villain, . J The series of crimes of which Butler, jrs believed by the community generally ; to 'bo guilty, is not without parallel In. , . our annals. Nichols and Lester pursued bimilar tactics, and the Deeming butch- eries had some points .of similarity, 'tid even a supcHor infamy and cruelty, We know not when or how the career of prime was Initiated. The monster apppars amongst us without reoord, en gaged In tho perpetration of deeds In Which the perfection displayed could ljardjy Jjayo been reached without ap? pronliccship. He had, a plan In every case, and he followed It to the end with an awful success, First was the always attractive lure of the possibility of dis covering gold, Hundreds of men, as tho evidence shows, rushed to this; then came tho careful selection of , victims. T)ip murfleror' tested tljem thoroughly. They were invariably men with money, who had' no local connections, or- whoso disappearance for a few weeks or months might be easiiy and reasonably explained. The choice being made, he had the scene of the crime Clearly n Ills mlrid, and nothing remained but. to pick the exact spot for the grave, to kill and bury without risk to himself, and, as It seemed, with scarce the remotest chance of discovery. A body burled in Blpe Mountain gol'ges, pr. in the qcrub covered and still loss frequented ranges west of Forbes might well be deemed to be put away securely, safe at least till It had changed Into unrecognisable corruption, If not till . the realisation of the apocalypse. But, as the full histories of mo.st great crimes show, there is a divine ordina tion of vengeance still operative. Fate wills, at least, tiiat nothing shall ho concealed. Butler's victims at length were missed, and the community rose 'as one man to seek retribution. The manner in which the serious pos sibilities of the affair were at orice re garded by the police reflects all credit on tho first guard of our lives, liberties and estates. "Whilst most folk were dis posed to regard the rumours as Idle or absurd, and to content themselves with the commonplace, "they will turn up all right," we saw Superintendent Cam- phln at'Penrith with some of the most trusted members of his staff making those investigations w,hlch roused tho neighbourhood to- practical and sys tematic search, and the quick discovery of Preston's body. The subsequent finds were not made by the police, but still may be regarded as the results of prompt, vigorous and effective police action. There wore a hundred non- ofllcial seekers out for every constable, and the chances of success were pro portionate. But in the beginning of things had the police authorities' dis played any Incredulity' or pooh-poohed the matter, or treated it with neglect or contempt, it is probable thai, the bodies of Preston anil Lee Weller would have been rotting still in their nameless graves, and that the discovery at the vvuuiu xiu.vs: ivib ua u. iti > »- tcry never to be solved, There is some recompense of re-assurance in such re flections as these, and \also there Is some heartening influence in tho mem ory of the thrill and stir which the crime caused amongst all classes of tho community. There were none; amongst us so mean as not to be possessed: of a deep desire for vengeance on the mur derer, no men who were not willing to make sacrifices to aid towards that end. The wretch stood alone in tho world, as did Cain.amongst his kinsfolk, and it is safe to assert that no com munity exists,'"'.'' whether' in '..the bond of extradition treaties or not. which, if ' recognising, would not hurl him out. And yet one aspect of the case must continually puzzle all normally- constituted men: it is the ap parent lack of those emotions and sen timent which are common to us all. The wretch seems to have been without pity and compunction, and to have lacked all natural horror and superstitious fear. His deeds begot no ghosts. The lonely glens of the Mountains had no new terrors for him. He had no con sciousness. when again in communion with big fellow men of bloodstains on his hands or of the murderer's brand on ills brow. Doubtless, there was a ceaseless gnawing dread within, hut outward and visible sign of it there was none. Even as his fellow creature, Deeming, he could bear the load and mask the trace of Its harassment with a smile. |!Must we regard men of this sort as monsters or subjects of diabolic possession,- or as examples and warnings of what depths human nature may reach, if every passion Is left un bridled and every Impulse permitted to lead? It' is a subject not unworthy of serious thought, but is not likely to be generally entertained in vipw.of the sterner call of unmistakeable duty, wlilnh is to destrov utterly. Well Is it for us, If, as appears, no gliildren are begotten of this monster, if as absolute a bar shuts us from any further influ ence of lils being, as lie himself has drawn '.between us and the beginnings , of his life. A fle3lre of extermination is the one feeling of humanity towards Jilm, mingled In some stern and not un righteous minds may be with a regret that our law does not permit that ques tion which would wring out the full tale of all his orlmeg, " But now Ave are face to faoe with facts which can have but one issue. The unscrupulous craft which guided every qther deed to a fearfully Bucpess- iful Close ifailed when It came to the Lfjnal escape- 'As usual the lncompre-. t'-hensible act of folly was committed, ithe one .bolt left unfastened, and the ..one wlndow unbarred, through which pursuit was easy and capture sure. No 1 sane man, it may be freely said, would J under such circumstances have taker, the name of Lee "Weller. It may he that no criminal of this stamp can be regardod as wholly sane, 