? TilE convcntionXli'eliI nt Kiaina lust Thursday to farther the movement for establishing a South Coast tourist dis trict is on all hands acknowledged to have been un unqualified success. An extended report of the proceedings ap p.;arcu in our mat issue, 'uu me liupoiT uncc of the question, and the necessity for keeping it before the notice of tlio publicr»bj[th in season and out of season, must bo otmcxciiso for again referring to the subject.^. '» ' If we want the-Sblic of Sydney and other large centres of population to make our district a holiday resort, we can only ? succeed' in attracting their attention by making a big noise about it ; and a dili gent indulgence in that notexactly musical exercise of blowing our own trumpet -.will do no harm in this case. As a certaiirppet-jnunio unknown— has said : '-^J 'If you wish in tlie world to advance, ? Vonr merits you're tiound to enhance, Yon must stir it, and stump it, '? . . ? And blow your own trumpet, Or you haven't tho ghost of a ohnncc.' 'The chairman .of tlio convention, Aid. : Hindmarsh, Mayor of Kiaina, in his oponing address, struck a key-note which served to give a thorougly practical tone to the subsequent proceedings. In Mr. Beatson's paper on ' Some methods of advertising tlio district.' many valuable suggestions were made, more particularly with reference to the wisdom of hotel keepors being moderate in their charges and giving visitors the best procurable. Indeed, any other course would be but killing the goo.«o for the sake of the golden egg, and extravagant hotel charges would' effectually drive away the tourist whom it is now sought to : attract. The residents of; the' South ! '.Const were exho.'ted to write of the : 'beauties of their district whenever op portunity offered, and the need for .; persistent, effective; and .systematic ad vertising was emphatically insisted upon. .' Jri^.this ? connection a pennywisoand pound-l'oolish policy inust bo eschewed, ?nnd n judiciously liberal expenditure in advertising by all available methods will ' havo to bo resorted to if the desired re sults aro to follow. Closely connected with this part of ;' the subject was Mr. \V. Hunt's paper /dealing with a South Coast tourist . guide. Mr. Hunt suggested that the '.' convention should arrange for a book to ; : bo compiled giving all necessary infor '? illation and being copbusly illustrated with views of the district; the guide to bo distributed free where it was likely to do most good. This would, of course, cost money, which Sir. Hunt proposes to raise by obtaining advertisements from ; liotelkeepers and tradiismon in the dis trict, and by this means he thinks suffi cient money would bo obtained to bring ??.??.: out a book that would do justice to the distinct. Ho also suggests that each townTlo^corded spuce in proportion to '?.iCtho ainouirVsubscribed for advertise ments, a proposalwhich, wo think, will '....?'; -not moot with universal approval. If a 'guido is to bo issued it .should bo an '.'''accurate und roliablo 'guidjSto the dis ' trict and not a more advertising medium. ! To give the fullest description of those . towns from which the largest advortis ? ing revenue is derived, irrespective of anything else, would bo to sacrifice all literary considerations of accuracy and re'iability to a simple question of £ s. d., and unquestionably would defeat the object in view ; for a long descriptive account of the lurger towns, with. but scanty notice of the lessor ones, could not bo satisfactory to the visitor, who jiftor reading the book, would in all probability conclude that it was only a ??'? business advertisement got up after tlio stylo so popular with pill proprietors and tonic manufacturers. No. If wo arc to Iiavc a guide let it bo compiled with a sole regard to giving an accurate and enchanting description of the district as a whole, without respect to where those inevitable advertisements come from. ^fc, E. Allon, in his paper on tlio ^^^BM* Railway Service,' had plonty of material to work upou. Tlio slow trains and wretched passenger accommo dation on tno South Coast lino aro calculated to call forth the oloquonco of ly long-suffering traveller on the line, and Mr. Allen called attention to several points whore improvement is necessary, alluding more particularly to the fact that the service on this particular line could in no way compare with that on tlio Western, Southern, and Northern lines. The deputation who aro to wait unnn Mm Railway Oninmissioners will doubtless bevr Mr. Allen's suggestion in mind in laying their cose before the governing body of our railway system. The practical outcome of the conven tion is that in addition to the Railway Commissioners boing requested to pro claim a South Coast tourist district, a union was formed consisting of the delegates present, and a committee ap pointed to draw up a code of rules. It was also decided to write to the Minister for Lands, pointing out the. necessity for legislation to prevent the destruction of native flora, a subject which was dealt with in an admira'blo paper by Mr. M. P. Morton, of Nowra. That the whole question is of much importance few will deny, and wo trust that Nowrn will not be in any degree behind the other coastal towns in push ing on the agitation, and doing all that is possible to britjg the efforts now being made to a satisfactory consummation. ?— v - '? -^ 