Weddings. ASTLEY— CLAEK. Many of our rea erg will be interested in an ; account of the marriage of Miss Kate Clark, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Kerr Clark, of Ghoolendaadi, New South Wales, and grand daughter of the late Sir John Eobertson, ?with Mr. Delaval Graham L'Estrange Astley, of Bath, eldest sen of the late Mr. Frederick Bernard Astley, late of Burgh Hall, Norfolk. The ceremony took place on the let July at Christ Church, Bath, and created con siderable interest in local society, the church being crowded an hour before the time appointed for the bride's arrival. The altar, sacrarium, and chancel presented a charming ecene, being decorated with choice exotics, roses, and many plants. The guests numbered over 250, and most of the body of the church wis reserved for them. An awning had been erected from the roadway 'to the door of the church, and beneath this a guard of honour was formed composed of members of the Bath troops of the North Somerset Yeomanry. The Rev. Arthur A. T, Orosse, vicar of Hickling, Norfolk, officiated, assisted by the Rev. B. Norton Thompson, yicar of Christ Church, Bath. The service was ; jully choral, and as the bridal procession advanced : Jip 'the aisle the choir sang the hymn ' Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost.' The bride was dressed in ivory white satin with a long train of white brocaded moire antique hanging iu Watteau pleats from the shoulders ; the bodice wis tucked, embroidered with :pearis and chiffon. Her veil was fastened with natural orange blossoms. She was attended by six bridesmaids, the Misses Margaret Clark, Mairi Clark, Muriel Clark, and Gwladys Clark (sisters of the bride), Miss Blanche Delaval Ashley (sister of the bridegroom), and Miss May Kemble. They wore white satin dresses, relieved on the bodice with pale gold , chiffon and sashes to match ; white Swiss straw hats, with yellow and white clover and a touch of willow leaf and clover-green velvet. Captain Lloyd, of the Somerset Light Infantry, was best man, and the : toriae was given away by her father. As the newly married couple proceeded to the vestry to sign tlie register, the organist played the march of ' The Men of Harlech '—the regimental march. After the ceremony, a reception was held at the Assembly Booms, and Mrs. John Clark entertained about 250 guests. Captain and Mrs. Delaval Astley left later in the afternoon for North Wales, where they spent their honeymoon. Caeeoki— Connolly. . A quiet wedding was celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral on the 22nd July, when Mr. Frank Car roll, of Pymble, was married to Mrs. M. Connolly, also of Pymble. The ceremony was berformed by the Kev. M. Kirby, of Pymble. The bride wore a cos tume of grey cashmere and silk with revers of white satin and chiffon, trimmed, with silver passementerie, and a hat of grey trimmed with floral ribbon ana plumes. She was given away by her father, Mr. 5b. Ryan, of Sydenham, ana was attended by Miss Conway, who wore a dark crepon skirt,' floral silk blouse, and a hat trimmed with violets and floral ribbon, 'and an amethyst brooch, -the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. A. J. Crowe acted as Jiestmau. After the ceremony the bridal party drove to the &s.; Oonah, where a reception was held, Hnd the happy couple left later on by that boat for Hobart, amidst the good wishes of numerous friends who had asembled to see them off. RITCHIE, MURROW — SMITH. The double wedding of the Misses Malinda and Rosa Smith, daughters of Mr. William D. Smith, of Adelong, to the Messrs. W. Ritchie and Mr. Charles Murrow took place at the Presbyterian Church, Adelong, on August 4th, amidst a crowded assem- blage of relatives and friends, the officiating minister being the Rev. A Daudie, pastor of the church. The brides chose beautiful gowns of white muslin trimmed with masses of lace, and wore wreaths and veils, and carried shower bouquets of choice white flowers. They were attended by four maids of honour, the Misses Smith, Ritchie, Hilda Ritchie, and Essie Carter, who wore pretty frocks becoming to the occasion. Among the guests noticed were, besides the mother of the brides (Mrs. Smith), Mrs. Ritchie (the mothers of one of the bridegrooms), Mrs. J. Carter, Mrs. A. Molineaux, Mrs. J. Channon, Mrs. J. Vivian, Mrs. W. Carter, Miss Isabel Ritchie, Miss Lawson ; also the Mesdames Powell, Brown, Treweek, Dickinson, Long, Prowse, Misses Jory, Dickinson, Thornton, Tweedie, Turner (2), Powell, Tillet. The presents were costly and numerous, and included many pieces of valuable silver and plate. 