A GOOD WOMAN. [Mr. Roberta's stories are not so well known in Australia as their power entitles them to be* The [Br MORLET BOBERTS.] Their house in Barley-street had always been a gloomy abode from the day they entered it on their return from a brief wedding trip, gloomy to everyone save the lord and master of it, who saw nothing, felt nothing, heard nothing, save what he wanted to see and feel and hear. For seven years in that street which is ever naturally devoid of any cheerfulness, standing as it does athwart the sun's path, Mrs. Warden's life had beep one of unlimited self-sacrifice and carefully hidden misery. But, hide it as she would, her own people suspected, what the servants saw plainly, that there was a flaw in her life, physical or mental, which made her beauty waste like a delicate blossom in a hot hand. They might have said her soul was athirst in a barren oountry. And .yet she was fruitful; she bore four children in those seven years. But she suckled none, having at first no milk, and presenting many abnormalities of Isolation. For the last child she had none at all, and the nurses told the other servants that she was not a loving mother, though she scrupulously fulfilled every duty and devoted herself to the physical care of her offspring. Yet it was only at first that she seemed to care' so little for them; as they grew up they helped her to endure. In the eighth year of Mrs. Warden's marriage there was a temporary estrangement—a visible estrangement, that is, between her and her husband. They did not speak for sixjpeks. Then the coldness went on his side, and the old life continued. He was very content with everything, for he had plenty of money and made more. Warden and Company, of Mincing' Lane, was Warden alone. And he delighted in his children, who loved him more, perhaps, than they did their mother, for all his occasional outbursts of temper and tyranny. These children were rather difficult to rear, for they had all been delicate at their birth, and even when life seemed more assured to them, and they showed fair physical health, there remained something odd about them mentally. They were all, both bovs and girls, of bright intelligence, but their ncrvouB organizations were too highly strung ; they were all liable to outbursts of temper, that sometimes made them ill; at times they seemed a little mclaucholy. Their outlook on Ihc world for some reason was hardly normal. If there were any discoverable cause for it, certainly the doctors never found it out, though they sometimes asked both father and mother questions which indicated a desire to get deeper into tbe family history. But as a matter of fact both Warden's family and his wife's people were all healthy : there was no gross flaw and no secret in their lives. And so the children grew up, until John, the eldest of all, went to Oxford when lie was twenty, IliB younger brother, Will, waa then at Kugby at the age of eighteen. He was destined for the army. The two girls nunc second and last; their names were Mary and Ethel; they were both bright and fair, aud the younger promised great beauty. A year later the first palpable shadow fell upon the house, and others suffered besides one. John's birthday waB in February, and it had been arranged that he was to be at home for a few days to celebrate his coming of age. But three days before the time, his father received an urgent telegram to come at once. It was so urgently worded that Mr. Warden took a special train down to Oxford. He remained there all night, and only returned the next day, alone. When he entered the house his wife met him. At forty-one she was still beautiful, still desirable; but now in the bitter anxiety which her husband- had not relieved by lies (as she had been wont to serve him, having been forced thereto), she waB as white as a ghost, and shook all over. ', What is it, John ?" she said, as she saw he was grey in the face and whiter haired even after twenty-four hours. He drew her into the library and caught her to his heart, for be was still passionately fond of her, and now he wanted comfort—comfort in despair. He would have it from her—she was his wife. " It is worse than death," he said ; and then, knowing his proud nature, she thought of crime. " What has he done ?" she cried hoarsely. " Nothing, nothing that matters," said Warden; " Mary, he is mad, he is mad." And then tbe mother tottered and fell; her huBband caught her and laid her on the floor. Henceforward the house became a house of lies. The madness of their son was concealed. They hushed it up at ChriBtchurch; at home they cheerfully said John had gone travelling on the doctor's ndvice. And all the time he was not twenty mileB from London. The doctors gave the parents little hope of anything beyond a lucid interval, and that seemed alinoBt crueller than none at all. Why not death P And then, after ten months' absence, John came back to Harleystreet. But they gave no receptions—not even a dinner. He stayed for two monthB. His father eaid he was very restless; that his taste of travel had made him eager for more. In the next year he only returned from his mad travels for a month. And then the sweetest of them all—Mary, the elder of the girls—was smitten down as suddenly as her brother, and the house of lies was in strange and mortal terror. For the two younger children knew, and, in spite of everything that could be done or said, they waited miserably and fearfully expectant of a hideous death in life. Will was so bright and strong that it was doubly hard on him. He had so keen a relish for the beauty of the world that the prison fate seemed to offer him was infinite torture in actual contemplation. He became sombre and taciturn, and at times waa tempted to go headlong and taste what he could before hie time came. If a celebrated physician had not impressed on him that, if what he feared might come, the only real chance he had of avoiding it was keeping weii and strong, in touch with nature and the sun and the air, he might have done so. For red blood was hope, and hope was a safeguard, and a brave heart a defence. But fear could kill and beat him down, and leave him a ready prey to any insidious attacks of a hidden tendency. So henceforth Will left books and lived in the open, and boated and swam, and tried to forget until tbe age should come—the years between twenty-one and twenty-two. The father's life was utterly miserable. He was a proud, a bitterly proud man, and much of his pride had been, and yet was, in his children. And madness was a foul disease, worse than leprosy. A taint in one's blood was like a crime of one's own ; one was implicated in it. He could not believe he was guilty; at the second blow he turned on his stricken wife. It was her fault, not his. And now, bitterly and strangely and most hideously, arose in the poor mother's heart the feeling that perhaps it was. These children should never have been born. She thought continually of the past, the time of her marriage, the birthdays of her children. And she . sat white in solitude, hoping against hope, fighting, and at times praying, in despair to a cold heaven, which she believed pitiless as hell. » » • [Will, the third child, also wastes into madness, and then comes the turn of Ethel, the youngest.] Ethel had a headache, no infrequent occurrence with her, and was in her room. The mother and father dined in silence, and when they were alone is' the drawing-room, Warden's irritation broke out. " Why are you so silent ? You never speak now." "Is there not Teason enough?" she said, with a sudden gleam of her rare anger; "My God, what shall I say?" Warden frowned heavily. " Reason, aye, there is reason: I can hardly hold my' head up outside, and when I come home you sit and never speak. What comfort have IF" Mrs. Warden bit her lips and half choked. '"Whatcomfort, what comfort? And what is my life?" " Is that my fault ? " said Warden. " And now you crush me when Ethel looks so well. She has got to be twenty-seven, and has cscaped, but your word is always 'it is not yet time,' and you make life a hell to me." His wife got up aud leant against the mantelpiece. She was white as death, save for a red spot in euch cheek. Her thick black hair was now grown pure silver, though she was but fifty-four. She was as wan and thin as a dead leaf. But her eyes gleamed strangely, and at last she spoke. " My life and your life ? What has mine been but hell always?" " What do you mean ?" said Warden, bendiug forward in his chair; " What do you mean, woman ? " " I mean that—that, and nothing else—" she cried. " What kind of life have you given me—what made of it Did you ever understand a thought of mine, or ever do anything but try and crush me into what you wanted ? And I've tried, I've tried, aud this is your rewdrd and mine—that our childreu go mad 1 mad! " " You arc mod now," said Warden savagely, " and it is your fault, not mine—your fault." " Yes, yes," cried his wife, running towards him | "it is my fault, my crime. I should have left you the first week of our marriage, when you made me hato you. And I could have loved you so well." " What do you mean ? " said Warden, rising and entailing her fiercely by the arm. She broke away from him. " All these years then—" " YeE; all these years, what have they been to ine f " Warden reeled back, and then stared at her, open- eyed. " Do you mean you have hated me ?" And he looked like a devil, (his old man of sixty, and he seemed ugly, hideous. And there was a beautiful dead face in her mind. She spoke, and choked, and then spoke again. " Don't conic near me. What do you think ? You used to curse me for being cold, and don't you remember when I was under chloroform, and I told you I hated you,-and the lying doctors said women said things they didn't mean then, and I lied to you afterwards and said I loved you. And you would see nothing but what you wanted. Oh! if I had left you! But I was a good woman, as they say, a good woman, and I stayed, I stayed! " '• You had better hare gone," said Warden. " Is all my life a lie ? " " Your own lie, of your own making. Yes, and do you want to know why I say 'it is not yet time? 1 Then I'll tell you. When was my boy John born ? In 1856. And he went mad a few days before he was twenty-one. I waB twenty-one when he waB born. And Mary went mad when she was twenty-two. I was so old when she came into this world; and Will went mad when he was twenty-four. I was twenty-four then ; that was my age. And I won't say again tliat it isn't time, not yet time for Ethel. Oh, my God! it's time for her now, for she will be twenty-seven to-morrow." And Warden sat huddled in a heap, glaring at her, tortured, seeing all his house of lies over-thrown, burnt and bitten by fire and fiame, and the suggestion of jealouB.v. " Perhaps," he muttered. But lie would not blame himself, his ignorance of a pure young girl, his animal brutality, hiB childish blindness. " But why, but why ?" he said in a low voice, and she caught it, and answered him with her face a white blaze, and her mouth open, aud her oyes streaming. "Because, before my children were born I hated them, and I loathed myself. When I carried them in my bosom, I abhorred my body, and my own soul. And when they were born I could not care for them, aud the nurses thought me heartless. It was true, oh, and false! If it had been different, if it had been different! And I only slowly grew to like them. And each was the Bame ; but, my God, I think I lvated Ethel, unborn, worse than all—" and her voice failed as Warden sprang up and came to her. " Why ?" he eaid, thickly; and she would not answer. " Why ? " he asked again, and taking her by the shoulder, he shook her roughly. She turned on him then. " Leave me alone—I am a woman, not a slave, not a toy. Kill me as you have striven to do. I hate you ; Yes I do, I do, now and always." " Why did you marry me ? " he asked, shaking. " Because I didn't know; because. I was ignorant and innocent. If I had known, I would have died at once instead of dying slowly these long years, and bringing this punishment on the innocent." And then she foiled, and staggered, and fell upon the sofa. He came and bent over her, Bpeaking in a low and horrible voice. " Did you ever—did you ever—" And she burnt red, and then went out whitely. But she spoke the truth. -' Yes, yes; but I killed him, as my children were killed. Do not I say I was a good woman ? " And she laughed, she laughed, even as he struok her in the face. She bore it and stared at him so for a moment that he sat down and shook, crouching. And there was a long silence in the room, only broken by the patter of the rain outside, and the flicker of the fire in the grate. She was looking back on life worse than ruined, on the loathsome years which had borne horror at last, on the dead face of one she had loved utterly and slain, and she saw the room of the awful bouse in which her unrighteously begotten children were moaning or laughing hideously. And he was ohoking in the dust and ashes of the dead house of lies he had builded for himself, builded of selfishness and blind cruelly, and the accursed ignorance of a debauched heart. . . And, " I won't say again it is not time, was nnging in his ears. She repeated it to herself over and over, moaning dreadfully. And it was time.. For as they sat there in the desolate land of truth, with the dead lies torn away and uprooted, there came from above a strange and terrible cry that made them whiten even yet, and rise with their hands upon their hearts. There was close on it the sound of a fall, and then a scream and hurrying footsteps, and the old butler, their faithful servant of these tortured years, oame to the door and threw it open. He, too, was ghastly and pallid, and there was a little blood upon his forehead and the scant silver of his hair. He strove to say something, and Mrs. Warden ran to him, and shook him impotentty. He spoke at last in a tremulous wail: "Oh, ma'am, ma'am! come to" Miss Ethel! come! 