DII. WILLIAyIS' PINK PILLS. HAVE CURED MR THOMAS JARVIS OF LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS HAVE UTTTERLY FAILED. Locomotor Ataxia, Long Been Con sidered Incurable by the Medical Profession, has at Last Been Conquered. HAS A MIRACLE BEEN PERFORnED ! From the Australian WVorklman. In reply to bthe preliminary questions, said : 5 You want to know all about my ease ? Well Iam glad of an opportunity to tell yea. The facts may be of vanlue to those who are stricken as I was." About five years ago, next Christmas, I met withll an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I hare been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " sVWhat were the symptoms 1" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rdl March last I saw a well known doctor, and be told me my case was utterly hopeless. However,he gave me an order to the Director of Chlari table Institlutions." " Did yoo make use of the order ?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across tbe floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. rMy doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in. I was unoder him for five or ix weeks. Hie came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive loco motor ataxy, a disease of tihe spinal cord, charcneterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difliculty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told metbat I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that mJiocal opinion is not infallible.) Wrell, jostas a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by ithe ad rertisemcnt desaribing the ure effectelod in the asea of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Austra lian Workman,' by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tlhe advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous ans it was magical. I wase able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I hate taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former rigor andt vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, bhut I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Tou see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 ier cent. better," said Mrs Jarris, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend lwho called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten yenrs younger that day than he did a fort night preriously. "I caoo now," continued Jarris," have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in mny legs. If I keep on going the way I am I hope to be able to re same work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain noe, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the excrociating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body wlto knows me has been amazed at the change in tme. They can hardly he lievo tlreir eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out hIere." Such is the remnarkable hIistory, and confirms what .is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures wrought by Dr Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They core locomotor ataxy, paltial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many die orders which arise from an impoverishled state of thre blorod, such as anmmia, pale and sallow comllhxion, general muscular weaktne.s, irndigetiou, loss of appetite, Ipains in the back, nervous lheadaches, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgae tire. They are gennine only withl the full name, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for 'Pale Prople, and are sold by chemists and sorot keepers gernerally, or tihe Dr. Williams' Mledicino Company, Queen's Place Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s Od, or half.dozen for 14s 9d.--An. 