A FREAK OF FATE. Dick Ferrars was a Captain in tbe Gnards, and Maieie Challoner was hie fiandt. Whentheireogagement wasannonoced to the world at large, it created tbe pro- verbial nine days wonder, for tbey were abont the last people that any one woold have expected to come together. Tbe affair was freely discussed at five o'clock tea-tables, and iq club smoking-rooms, and the universal verdict was that it prove an ignominious failure, and be ' off' before three months had passed. Bnt for once the wiseacres were wrong. When six months had passed, the affair was etill 'on,' and preparations for the wedding were in fall swing. Shoulders were shrugged, and heads were shaken. The tide of gossip and ecaodal flowed merrily, bat somehow it never tanched Maieie. There was something about her that forbade aoy active ontaide inter ference in her private affaire, and the most hardened scandal-monger lacked courage to approach her on the subjeot of Dick's delinquencies, past aud preseDt ! I say ' present ' advisedly, for though he contemplated matrimony, be did not contemplate givrag op tbe amusements and associations -that belonged of right to hig bachelor days. Certainly those amusements and associations were less en ividaux than they had been before bis engagement, but tbey remained in the background all the same — and be intended them to remain. MoBt men poll np a little when they marry, and go steadier, at any rate, for a time ; bnt Dick did not mean to. He meant to go on as he had begun. In short, instead of his proposing to re linquish the aforesaid amusements aod and associations that he might marry Maisie, he proposed to marry Maitie that he might not be obliged to relinguieh the amusements and associations. That is the case in a' nutshell. For he had come to the end of hia tether at last The patience of hia loog- eo Bering creditors was exhausted, the Jews would have nothing more to say to him, his signsture was a drug ia the money-lending marktt.and ruio, absolute and complete, stared him io the face. In Bach a desperate strait there were ooly two alternatives left to him— and two only. One was social extinction, immediate and for all time ; the other was to marry money. Of two evils,' choose the least, and he chore to marry . money. . His choice fell on Maitie, for reasotiB that were snfficientiy practical. He pro posed, and was accepted; after which be proceeded to play the rflle of devoted, lover to the beet of bis : ability, and it .was a to e for which his handsome face and delightful manners eminently fitted him. But Maisie knew nothing of all this. She was not igooraot, althohgh she was innocent, aud, doubtless, die suspected that Dick, ia common with other men, had sown a certain amount of wild oats io his time ; bat that he wsb still assid- nonsly engaged in sowing them she did suspect. Dick knew she did not suspect, and he prayed devoutly that her suspic ions might not be aroused, at all events until the marriage was an accompliahed fact. ; The oddly-assorted pair regarded thisir engagement aod coming marriage from totally different standpoints, . Dick's heart was in no way concerned, aod bia; view of the care was that of a selfish, reckless man of the world.'; Maitie's was that of a trae and Ipving woman. Her ; heart , was in every way concerned, tor tile had .given It to.'; Dick. ; :He was all the world to her, And its the golden : summer daje sped by, she dreamed the dream that comes to no woman twice' in; a lifetime. Bo things went on, abd the all-import-, ant day that waa to change Maieie Challoner intoMra. Diet' Ferrers.idfew " nearer and nearer uotilit was only a' teak-sin yYY.\ - : , . A week ttedsy, jihtil be man- and wife. How; does dhe idea etrikeyohf ! . . ;TVpretittiqgpnt adancetpgether at I»dy BobiDS0n'e t»H,«nd they had; tiwshh A Aeiy to sit fenbed in by a-ecinreh aiid a thick clamp three Japanese fantefna -swiogihg over head.; .'e'.'smilplWBiislud-: ouav-ufltir .ihB'.. tioitefabli 'th?,! browdedv'-'llAqoraY-ia' pleastLhVYlittla bi$m»Yrpm theoulein'ld tdfclts' way through the chinks in the striped awning, the dreamy marie of the violins thrilled sweetly: in the distance. The dim light fall rosily on IMaieie's fair uplifted face, with its chiselled .features and satin skin, and the. great grey eyes that were eo full cf womanly softness and tenderness. She made a charming picture aa she sat there, leaning idly back on the . sombre pluab pillows— a charming picture of warm, living, lovely co'oor. . . Dick spoke lightly bnt he looked at her with a certain amonnt. of anxiety. He conid not help feeling anxious some times. So mnch depended on this last venture of bis, and he was not safe even yet. There was a whole week of of uncertainty, before him, plenty of time that for things to go wrong, and if they did— if they did. It was a "sub ject that he did not care to pursue to its logical conclusion. . A faint pink flash stole softly Into Msieit's cheeks. It was is very pretty flush, aod Dick admired it criticaUy from an artistic point of view, though it did not make his pulses best one whit the faster. 'It etrikes ine — pleasantly,' she: answered, and then ehe looked at him and emiled. The smile: was as pretty in its way us the flash, and the two combined were' altogether adorable. Dick'eheart thrilled with the pride of possession, if with no warmer feeling. That is just bow it strikes me' he said, and laid bia hand carelessly on kc > soft bare arm. Such a pretty arm- round and white and dimpled aa a baby's. She emiled at him again, and his con science smote bim, as it did from time to time, lor he was not all bad. A vague .sense of remorse stole into hie heart, chilling him unpleasantly. He could, not meet the perfect love and trust that shone in her eyes, and feel no shame. ' I'll go and get you an ice" he eaid, rising from his seat, with a desperate sort of feeling that he mast be alone for a minute. ' Wait here till I come back, and don't let any one take my place.' He hurried away, and Maiaie, left alone, leaned back on her pillows and gave herself op to pleasant meditation. Ten minutes elapsed before Dick re turned with a pineapple ice in one hand and a glass of champagne in the other. The refreshment-room was simply packed,' he exclaimed. 'I thought I should never get near the table. This ice looks rather choice, and—' He broke off abruptly. For the first time his eyes bad fallen on Maisie'a face, and what he read there chocked aod startled bim beyond expression. In those ten minutes Bhe had aged ten years. 'What is the matter! he asked, falling back a step and staring at her in horrid amaze ment. ' Have you seen a ghost 1 Are yon ill !' \- She rose and face d him in the Him light, her bands elapsed convulsively together, her face deathlike in its ghastly pallor, and in her wide, strained eyes such dumb misery and blank despair as he bad never seen in any mortal eyes before. ' I am not ill,' she said ; ' but — but — oh ! ao awful thiog has happened— an awful thing.' She paused, but Dick said nothing. He waited io silence for her to go oo. ' After yon had gone,' ehe continned, ' after you had gone I heard people talking on tbe other tide of the screen. They couldn't eee me, and I couldn't see them, bnt I conid hear every word they said.' She passed again, and pnt her hand to her throat; as if something choked her. 'They were telktngof you,' she said. Dick laughed shortly, though his heart sank like lead. He knew, what was roming. ' Oh 1 I dare say,' he returned, with uneasy defianoe. .'And what did they find to say abont me f Scandal of sorts, no donbt.' She turned to him desperately. ' ' I ought not to.faave listened, I know that, bnt I heard tbe first words by accident, and then — and then I could not move. I seemed tarned to stone, lean never forget the things they said —and tbe woman was worse than the man. You bet !' Dick said cynically. He did not look at ber, but at the shining tips of his irreproachable patent leather shoes. 'You may as well tell me the whole story hud have done with it,' he went on, 'I bate hearing tilings piece- meal.' She put her hand on the back of a chair as if to steady herself, and stood there looking at bim — her face white and set, her eyes glowing with an un wonted fire; ' They talked,' she said, ' of you and yonr; life ; of yonr love for gambling, and racing, and every form of dissipation, aod— rand of other things that . can't be mentioned between you and me. Was it— ris it all true f He laughed again. \- I'm. not a saiot,' he eaid, ' I never professed . that. Did you expect me to be'one'F ! She looked bim straight in the face. ';''No,' she answered quietly, I didn't expect yon to.be a saint— but I believed you . to be a man of honour.' . . He was not quite hardened, and her words cat like' a knife.' He winced. Go on,' be mattered, between his teeth. . . . She flushed scarlet, then grew white jasdeaib. ' 'Idon't know.how togo on,' the eaid, and yet I mast. After that they began to talk of 1 me— of you and me— and they etidY-theyaaid 1 .. ' 8fae broke off with .a gesture (hat was all-alpqaent. ' Gi> on,' he aaid -again. . She raised bereyes slowly to bis. - They eaid,' ehe ireot on desperately, ' that you did not love me, that' yon: never IqvmAhat yon only asked : meta jmatty yidubecanre jjou had ran through ollrynnr money, aid Jbecsuee — becaueeYoh lthenhamebf it! ' tocaasc my .imoney, wonlffenable Jon tojkeep (m arit tite old lifrb and & They eaid yoa had not given, them up, and did not intend'gjvtngthem'npoven after oht .(iriSjjf-efteb Aftar 'Jjar titer-. IAYIsYhattaii tapln.'." ..J«. ; ? He ahruggedliisidionldere. ; v — Y- : ; ' Yes, ' be answered, recklessly j ! -'itk- ; jliAlapd aYhim fer n mom|nt:;|ir silence,: then tened;tvajr,i Y,;" YrY --r' ! Y'" ' --v; -Y- "-I ' I loved you,' she said. ' I trusted yoa.' Dickgroaoed in spirit. The situation was the most embarrassing and nnpleas- ant one in which he had ever found .himself. ' ' He had behaved like a blackguard — the fact could iiot be gloBeed over — to a good and tone woman, and she had fbnnd him ont. It was not the first time that he bad behaved like a black guard to a womaD, nor tho firat time that he had been fonnd ont ; but then those other women were not like Maieie. As he stood there, staring at the floor in snllen silence and feeling like a pris oner at the bar, he thought of all that tbie meant to bim — aod it meant just everything. He had lost bis last chance. Nothirg lay before bim bnt rain and misery and degradation. It was' all all over now. He bad played a desper ate game, and his lack had failed him at the critical moment. There was no more to be raid or done. Henceforth his world would, know bim not. As he realised all tbie - with intoore bitterness of spirit, he suddenly realised something else, too ; something that filled him with emprise so overwhelming, eo bewildering, so appalling; that it drowned -for the time being all other feelings. It was Maisie that he regretted most of all— Maisie 1 The woman to whom he had sold himself in order that i he might retain certain things, had, by some strangely Ironical freak of fate, be- j come far dearer to him than the things j for whose sake he had been more than drilling to eell himself. And he had not ! known it until that moment. It has been said that we never appre ciate a thing at its true value until we have lost it; and Dick bowed to the troth of the old ssying. . Now that. Maisie was lost to him for ever he realised -all that she had been to bim — realised that he was honestly aod genuinely in love for the first time to bis life, and with a woman who was tbe exact opposite of all the women he had ever admired before. Aod this new strange love had grown op In his heart ao quietly and gradually that be had not suspected its existence till the present crisis bad caused it to leap into sadden passionate being. Truly we are bnt poppets in the hands of destiny. 1 1 loved yoo,' Maitie said again, her soft voice etrained aod broken, her soft eyes dim with bitter tears, 'and I thought— I thought you loved me.' For mlnotes that seemed boors to both of them, Dick stood staring at the floor, with his hands thrust deep in his pockets. Then be raised hia eyes slow ly to her face, and made a step forward. 1 I'm not going to ask yon to forgive me,' he raid, ' that would be only waste of time. Mine was the sin, and mine must be tbe punishment. After to-night yon'll . never see me again ; bnt I should like to tell yon the troth before I go. I began by telling yon lies, but you're not the sort of woman a man goes on telling lies to. LietaD. It's true that I've always been a bad li t, and that I always meant to go on being a. bad lot. It'e true, too, that I didn't care for yon when I proposed to yon, and that I ooly asked you to marry me eo that I might have the means of going on as I had began. So mach for the past— now for the present.' He paneed for a moment, then went on in a loner tone : — 'The present is, that I love yoo, but God koowa how it has come about, for I give yon my word of honour 1 never knew it till tbie moment It seems a queer thiog that a man should love a woman without kooning it ; bot the world is foil of queer things. Yes, I love you. Yon are mora to me now than all the things that I need to think made life worth living. I hate the old life, and I bate the old associations. The mere thought of them sickens me. I have been blind, bat I am blind no longer. My eyes are opened.' He paused again, and sighed hope lessly. She looked at him. You love me,' she mid In a breath- lets whisper ; ' you love me after all 1 Ib it trne!' ' Yes,' he answered with a hoarse laugh ; ' it'e true. As true as that I stand here the moBt miserable aud ashamed and degraded man on all God's earth. You're a good woman, and per haps with, your help I might have got to be different io time. Bot It's no use thinking about that now ; it's too lata. Now there's nothiog left to me bat to go. We've both had our ray, and — aod I won't ask you to shake hands with me. Good-bye. And, as he spoke, he turned and walked elowly away. . Maisie stood where he left her, her hands pressed together in a convulsive clasp, the hot colour flashing and fading in her cheeks, a new strange light shin ing In her eyes. Once — twice she strove to speak, bot her trembling lips could not frame the words she wished to otter. When he reached the screen, he tarnedand looked back— a last long look. She fonnd ber voice then. Dick,' she cried, ' Dick 1' He did not. move, bnt stood there looking at her In silence. She came qoickly towards him. Don't go,' she said, 'I don't want you to go. I want you to stay.' A dazed expression crossed his face. Stay f he repeated stupidly, 'Stay f 3— I don't understand.' Her eyes dazzled him with tbeir glow and tenderness as they looked into his. ' Yes, stay,' Bbe said. ' Don't go away from me. I — -I can't spare you. Never mind tbe past; let it rest. Never, mind whatjou have been ; that is over and .done with. : It wis not the fact of your being bad that broke my heart, bnt tbe thought that .you did not love me." ' Bot now— now — oh 1 yon ray you love now, and that makes up for every thing. It was all I wanted you to ray. 1 If " you love me, and hate the old life, won't yon— shall I — can't we begin a new life together — jou and I T ) He -draw a long deep breath, and passed his hand over his eyes. He fait like a man in a dream. You could never trust me, he raid at ; tasty and his voice sounded hoarse' jbrgkenY 'You would alwaysre- Aaliier. Jibw I deceived you once, end so ehonld L You had better let me go. The tiskli tobgreat.' Bhe smfied so iu his faoe. : am'; Apt I afraid of the. ride,' . she ietid, ; ' I sun-willing to undertake it — £f you wilehareit,'. _ ; , f . And'ilte 'lilel&.out her ' hands -to him. f-pfe;Yv v;v.; 