THE TURF. The S.A.J.C. committee at their meeting on Monday voted £3 each from the Distressed and Disabled Jockeys Fund to the jockeys H. Holmes and T. Barnes, who met with slight accidents daring the recent meetings. A ""?h'"E of tile Warridy Baring Club was held at Narridy last Saturday, Mr. M. A. Hickey presiding, when February 17 was fixed for the annual race meeting, and a programme of six events was drawn up. ' The Port Germein Racing dub hold their ""?' race meeting on Wednesday, February 3, when seven events will be contested, cf which the most important is the Port Ger mein Handicap, one mile and a half. Nomi nations are due with Mr. A. Cobb, the hon. sec., not later than to-morrow, January 13. In connection with the Meningie races the steamer 2dang will leave Milang for UCeningie at &5 a.m. eharp'on Thursday, January 14, returning from Meningie at 5.30 p.m- sharp. The Perry case fizzled out on Monday after noon, when the stewards of the A.R.C. meet to consider the evidence which had been taken before them on the previous Friday, the case having been referred back to them by the S.A.J.C. After a sitting lasting from 3 o clock till past 5 in the afternoon a decision was arrived at, of which the following is an official copy, handed to ns by the secretary, Mr. Heseltine:—"Anniver sary Meeting, 1896. Handicap Steeple chase. — Protest by John Pile, the owner of Confidence, against The _ Trojan, the winner, on the ground that the rider of Trojan struck Confidence over the nose during the race. Be hearing:—Finding of stewards— 'It was-decided to dismiss the protest, and as the evidence in relation to the charge of mal practice against W. S. McT. Feny is of a con flicting nature to give the said W. S. McT. Ferry the benefit of the doubt and fKmn??re the charge.'* - : ' Messrs. Barker Bros, draw attention to the fact of their sale to-day (Tuesday, 12th inst~,) of race horses, viz.—Ola, Orb, Hear Hear, The Ghost, Glowworm, and Lurline. The sensational three-year-old colt New haven, who as a two-year-old was bought jointly by Messrs. W. T. Jones and W. Cooper from Mr. J;"Wilson, jun., for 2,000 guineas, and who achieved his brilliant successes at Bandwick and Flemington during the Bpring in their name, has now become the exclusive property of Mr. Cooper, a cablegram being received- in Melbourne on Friday (says the Age) by Mr. Buckley, Mr. Jones's representative in Victoria, stating that tile sale had been effected. The news has come as a surprise to Messrs. Lloyd and Leonard, who superintended the colt's jspring preparation on behalf of the owners, as recent letters from Mr. Jones had given no indication, that be was likely to relinquish his interest in the colt. Recently he wrote that be bad been offered 8,000 guineas for New haven and refused it, and unless Mr. Jones has in consideration of his successful association with Mr. Cooper as part owner been induced to abandon his interest upon specially eood terms for his partner; Mr. Cooper most have paid fully half that amount to secure the sole ownership. Mr. Jones did not lead hi? friends in Victoria to anticipate that he would be in die near future paying Australia a visit, but the sale lends color to the supposition that that is his intention, and Mr. Cooper is to remain in England, Mr. Jones perhaps having an interest in the chief prizes won by tile horse. While in the understanding was that Newhaven was to ran in Mr. Jones's odors and in England in Mr. Cooper's. It is pretty, certain now that W. Hickenbotham, who so euccessfnlly trained t&e; colt for his V.B.C. engagements, will not go to England, as "M*. Jones desired, and it is also unsettled as to whether Gardner, the jockey, will take the trip. Newhaven is doing very satisfactorily at Flemington. He is in Bach excellent con dition that very few gallons would be required to pat him in the best racing form. Definite instructions have been re ceived with regard to his shipmentj Mr. Jones having recently ordered that the colt is not to go to Sydney in the autumn, that be is not to be raced in handicaps, but that he is to be prepared for the V.B.C. | autumn weight-for-age races and shipped from Melbourne to. reach England by the end of April. Mr. Cooper has been fortunate in in ducing Mr. Jones to part with his interest, as Kewhaven, if he adapts himmlf to the English climate and is easily wound up for his engage , mente, Beams sure to defeat die best English : racehorses at weight for age, while as a stud horse he- should command tag fees if Mr, Cooper should be able to satisfy the cautious studmastersof Great Britain that the neat granddam of Kewhaven, Dinah, is deanired, ?which Mr. James Wilson, sen, who knew her in the old days, seems confident of proving. The steamer Damascus, which reached Mel bourne on Friday, conveyed to Victoria, for stud purposes, Grafton, an English colt, 3 years, by Gaiapin—Maid Marian. - He was pnrcnaeed at the sale of Baron deHirach's stud by Mr..Bailey, tor Me Agar Wynne, for COD.guineas, the late baron haying bought Grafton as a yearling for 800 guineas. The horse is in charge of Frank Jordon, who took the racing maces l&?im??~ and Acmena from Melbourne to England by tile same vessel. We have received from Mr. Byron Moore the Victorian Bacing Calendar for January.! 