AS AERIAL rllAHrOM sP (Dv . Bankeu.) So. Iff. Aihouz&t; t!ie strangest of all natural phenomena inav be included tbc remarkable optical effect kiiown as the mirage, or fata morgana. Tbc cause which produces this fciuauiar aud somew hat rare spectacle Is at present but imperfectly understood ; it ifi, however, assumed I'mtt an aqueous condition of t lie atmosphere must exist, sutficifutl dcusc so as lo lorm a sort of mirror, more or less concave, upon which the objects in ihc vicinity arc reflected aud magulficd, the ap parent effect being that they are brought appreciably nearer to the beholder. The writer has on two ocea&ious; been fortunate in wiiucasing this phenomenon iu the South t.f Kugluud. A eousidcrable number .of hip were sailing on tbc horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary appearance picscuictl itself, foi over each vessel ap peared an inverted duplicate. & veritable phantom ship, the top of the mainmast rcftiiui; upon the corresponding part of the l-cal ship. As the vessel tacked, so the ooui se oi tbc phantom was altered ;asa sail was lowered, so the phantom sailors, stand ing on ibeir heads, lowered a phantom sail ; every movement of the real and substan tial vessel being exactly imitated by its spectral companion : the one, however, being apparently equally real and solid as the other, livery vessel iu sight had its double, following it about overhead as a living nightmare ; cvct> sailor on duck had an in veiled ghost, who copied his ever) movement with exact precision : if he ran up tbu r.illiucs, the spectre i-au down to meet him. reluming upwards to hU over- hanging deck when the living sailor de scended. If lie saluted his superior officer tbc spectre did the same at the same moment, as if the two wvro auimated by the same power, .-\ficr a time all this vanished away, and. Like the btsrie-'s faW:c of a vislo , Left not a wraith behind. Occasionally, thic phenomenon is observed to iuvcri high iu air objects far below the horizon, bringing litem within the range of vision of an observer situated far beyond the natural rane. In this way some of Sir John Franklin s ships were discovered ; and iu the English Channel, Dieppe has been seen from Dover, even the fishing boats in the harbour, the buildings, and the different colour of the land on the heights being also visible. Of course, this was ordinarily quite out of sight, beiug below the horizon. This form of mirage occasionally happens iu the desert in a must tantalising manner, for the weary traveller sees, a short distance in front of him. n beautiful oasis, palms waving in a refreshing breeze, which lie feels not iu the parching, sultry, heavy air, green £Ta on which he hopes lo regale his exhausted camels, pools of delicious water rippling ill the moving air, to which lie hurries on in order to assuage his buruiug thirst, and to bathe his heated and weary limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, impetuous for a draught of that cool and grateful liquid, when to his dismay and hopeless despair, he finds that it was all but a tantalising illusion, which Ikuj faded away into nothing, dashing all bis hopes of pleasure to the ground, aud leaving him to plod hi weary way over tbc hot, burning sand. And do not very many of us in our pursuit of pleasure exactly repeat this traveller' s experience, and tiud that tbe pleasure we had been eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ruin of soul and body, was but an insubstantial mirage, which eluded our ardent grasp, aud loft us a pauting aud ex hausted wreck, ruined both for this world and lor the next v Liu there are pleasures, solid and lusting pleasures, so ecstatic thai the mind of man is incapable even of cou- ccivjng their overwhelming glory, which are accessible lo all tvhu care to possess them. Aud the only way to secure an inheritance to llit'tc pleasures is to ' Fear biod, and keep His couitiiandinents.' the atonement made once for all by the Saviour of the world being a fcitre and absolute passport bo all1 who will but accept it. 