A WONDERFUL WOMIAN; THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY BY- MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXIII.--(Continued.) "A victim? Well, no, I think not. I am trying to recollect where I have seen -Miss Hernecastle before." ."What !" cried Lady Dangerfield: "you, too? Oh, this is too much. First Lord Ruysland, then Sir Peter Danger field, now Captain O'Donnell, all are transfixed at sight of my governess, and insist that, dead or alive, they have met her before. Now, where was it you konew her, Captain O'Donnell? Surely not in Algiers?' "Not in Algiers, certainly. Where I have Seen her before I cannot tell; seen her I have, that is positive. MIy nmem ory for facts and faces may be trusted. And hers is not a face to be seen and forgotten, yet just now I cannot place it." "Our waltz. I believe, Lady Cecil," exclaimed a gentleman coming up and salaaming before her. It was Squire Talbot, of MIorecambe. and Lady Cecil, with a few last smiling words over her white shoulder to the chasseur, took his proffered arm and moved away. "How strange." she was thinking, 'that Captain O'Donnell should have known her, too! Really, Miss Herncastle is a most mysterious personage. Why is it, I wonder, that she attracts and fascinates me so? It isn't that I like her-I don't; I doubt, I distrust her. Yet I' like to look at her, to'hear her talk, to 'wronder about her. How rapt Sir Arthur looks! I never succeeded in eni chaining him like that Four hours ago he was on the brink of -asking me to be his wife---now he looks as though there were not another woman ini the ischeme of the universe than? Helen Hexrncastle. Am I jealous, I wonder ? Do I really want to marry hi i,:after all? !Am I the coquette tiey call me?' " She sanled bitterly as she looked to wards them.. Squire Talbot caught that look and followed it. "Eh! Quite a flirtation going on there, certainly." He was rather obtuse, the squire. "Didn't thiilk .Sir Arthur was much of a lady's man, but gad! to-night ie .seems-- Ohgood 'heaven!" .He stopped. short--lhe stared aghast. Miss Herneastle had lifted her stately liead from a bookl of- engravings and turned her face full-towards them. and for the first time Squire Talbot saw her. Lady Cecil looked at lhim, and laughed outright. Amazement, consternation. iborror, wiere actually 'pictured upon his face. "What!' another! Upon, my word, the plot tilickens rapidly. ','You, too, have r-nown Miss Herncastle, then, inf some other and better world? Is she destined to strike every gentleman she meets in this sensational manner ?" "Miss--what did"you call- her, Lady Cecil? Good Heaven! I never' saw such a resemblance.: 'Uponl my =sacred Htonor. Lady Cecil, I thought it. wa' 'a; ghost!" "Of course-that's the formula-they nIl say that. WhVose ghost do yoi take lier for, Mr Talbot?".' ' - '"Katherine Dailgerfield, 'of course poor Kathie. It is-heavens!-it is ,as like her as -" The squire piulled:out his cambric and wiped his flushed aind excited face. "I give you my word;. I nbt=er saw such a resemblance. Except that this lady has darker hair, and-yes -yes, I think-and is taller and more' ,womanly-she is -" Again the squire paused, his consternation only permit ting disconnected sentences.. " I ndver -sawn anything like it-never; I give you my honor! What does Sir' Peter say? He must have noticed 'it; and, gad!l it can't be pleasant for him." "Sir'Peter has been in a:collapsed' and ihorrified state ever since': she entered Scarswood. Oh,; yes, he sees It-not a doubt of that. Miss Herneastle 'is 'like 'ohte of Wilkie Collins':'-. novels- ithe interest intensifies steadily 'to 'the enjl-the 'Man in the Ironi Mask' was plain reading compared. to her. Really; If she keeps frightening people in' this way, I greatly fear: Lady 'Dangerfield must send her away. A living ghost ,can't be a pleasant instructress of youth." .'She does not seem to frighten Sir ,Arthur. Tregenna, at least," said Squire ;Talbot, beginning to recover from his sudden shock. "And so she is only the .governess. " I never saw, such a resem blance-never in all my life. What would Edith say, I wonder, if.she could see it?" "Edith?" ." My sister, you know-used to be -atherine Dangerfield's bosom friend and. confidant-married now, you know -De Mere of the -th, and gone to the South of France for her health. Never saw such a striking resemblance in all my life." And then they whirled away in their waltz. How strange--how strange ! Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps that was why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one interrupted them. It was a most pro nounced flirtation. Even Captain O'Donnell declined the request of his hostess and the earl that he should go up and speak to his friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tete-a-tete. Sir Arthur had become so interested, so absorbed in hiq companion, and the pictures, as to quite forget the flight of time. Then, from an inner room, Cecil saw the tall chasseur matkes his way through the crowd and approach. She could even hear his deep, mellow tone : "Tregenna, my dear fellow, how are .you?" Then, with a look of surprise and de light animating his grave face, she saw thbe Cornish baronet clasp the hand of the Irish soldier of fortune. Captain O'Donnell on the morrow again came over from Castleford in the .grey of the summer evening. Sir Arthur Tregenna had sought out the chasseur ot a fishing stream, and the twain re turned together to dinner. "You find us alone yet, Captain O'Donnell," said Lady Dangerfield. "Cecil has taken to literature, as you see, and is company for no one. I never read, Captain O'Donnell; books are all -like-hopelessly stupid nowadays. TWhat is that you have there, Queenie?" Lady Cecil looked up. " 'Ballads of Ireland.' I came upon it by chance in the library half an hour ago. I am reading Davis' 'Fontenoy.' ~Captain O'Donnell, did any of your an cestors fight at the battle of Fontenoy?" "So the legends of the house say, at least. And it is believed that it was a Redmond O'Donnell who fought and fell 'n the fatal field of Fontenoy." Lady Dangerfield looked interested. "'A Redmond O'Donnell? Reilly ! Read it, Queenie, will you?" She glanced suddenly at the gover ".?Iiss Herncastle," she said, "you will read it to Lady Dangerfield, will you 'ot? Somehow I think you can read aloud." "I can try," Miss Herncastle an swered. She advanced, took the book, and stood up before her auditors. The last 3ight of the setting sun shone full upon her tall, statuesque figure, her pale, changeless face, locked ever in the pas 533 sionless calm of marble. She began. Yes, aIiss Herncastle could read aloud Lady Cecil had been right What a wondrously musical voice it was-so deep, so calm, so sweet! She made a very striking picture, standing there, the sunlight gilding her face and her dead-black hair. So thought Lady Cecil Clive, so thought Sir Arthur Tregenna and Cap tain O'Donnell. Both gentlemen, as if by some simultaneous impulse listened I intently. Sweet, clear, thrilling as a bugle-blast rang out the stirring words. A light leaped into the reader's eyes, a glow came over her pale face; every heart there stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, her gesture as she ceased. "By Jupiter!" Redmond O'Donnell ex claimned, under his breath, "that woman is ti marvel." Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the book. a look of surprised admiration in her eyes. Miss Herncastle," she said. "you read that spllendidly. The poet should have heard you. I knew you could read, but not like that. You are a born ac tress." The eyes of Redmond O'Donnell were fixed on Miss Herneastle with such a look of utter wonder-of sheer amaze ment and of recognition-that the baro net stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an in spiration where he had seen Miss Hern castle before. He started like a man from a trance at the sound of the baro net's surprised voice. "How thunderstruck you look, O'Don nell," he said, with a touch of impa tience in his tone; ."did you never before hear a lady read?" The half-irritated words fully aroused him. Redmond O'Donnell turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. . "Rarely like that, mon ami. And I have just solved a riddle that has puzz led-mie.since last night. I think I have had the pleasure of both seeing and hearing Lady Dangerfield's very .re markable governess before to-day." It wanted just a quarter to twelve When -Redmond O'Donnell left Scars Wood Park, and took his-way on foot to the town. He had been offered a horse, he had been offered a bed, and had de clined both. To walk on such a night ,was a luxury. He lit a manilla, and went over the road with his long caval rymann's stride. It was a perfect night, the sky 'eep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the moon sailing up serene in their shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay black across the road; the hedge-rows made the night air odorous, and, far or near, no living thing was to be seen. Far or near! Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his swinging pace, and looked away afield. His sight was of eagle keenness. What dark moving figure was that yonder, crossing a stile, and vanishing amid the tall gorse? It was a wvoman- more, it was familiar even at that distance. In a moment his resolution was taken. What woman was this out for a mid night ramble ? She must have come straight from Scarswood-there was no other habitation near. Captain O'Don nell set his lips, flung away his cigar among the fern and grasses, vaulted like a boy over the hedge, and in a mo ment was in full pursuit. ` The figure that had vanished in .the shadows of the waving gorse re-appear ed'in the broad moonlit field. A woman \--nb doubt about that now-a tall'wo man??wialking swiftly, : lightly, -grace fully, as. only young women ever walk. That: stately :stature, that pose. of',the .iead.and shoulders, surely-all were fa iniliar -. and a. quarter-past twelve, alone and in hastel'-What mystery was here?,`, "Some instinct told:me, six hours ago, When I recognised her first, that some-. thing was -wrong--I am' convinced of it now.: Something is wrong. What brings her here-of all people in the world, and in the character of ia nursery governess? And where is she going at this unearthly hour of.night?" - :.:Still she went on-still the unseen pur suer;followel on- her track. ' She never looked back;' straight, swift, as one who has some fixed end in view, she went -on, and still, steady and relent less, determined and stern, Redmond O'Donnell followed. Her destination was Bracken Hollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim, buried among its gloomy trees, lonely and deserted. No lights gleamed anywhere about it; its shutters were closed- unutterably eerie and desolate in the white shimmer of the moon. But the nocturnal visitor opened the grim woodeon gate with a key she carried, relocked it, and for the first time paused to look back. She saw no one-the trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the pur suer; only the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless blue sky. the spreading green of earth, and the soft night wind whispering over all. She turned from the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished in the inky gloom of the porch. Redmond O'Donnell emerged from the shadow of the trees, and approached the gruesome dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his fur ther advance, and gazed up the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighborhood he had never come upon this out-of-the-way place; it lay in a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that Sfew ever did come upon it by chance, and those who knew it gave it a wide berth, for it bore the ghostly reputation of a haunted house. He stood, his folded arms resting upon the gate. tall sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for-he hardy knew what. What ought he to do? Vrhile he still stood there irresolute, lost in wonder and a sort of awe, the porch-door openedl and the mysterious lady he had followed appeared. A second figure-the bent formn of a very old woman-came after. The first wa-s speaking. "No, no, HIannah, you shall not come. Afraid! WVhat nonsense! The time foe me to fear anything earthly is past ! Nothing, living or dead, will harm me ! I will reach Searswood in less than three-quarters of an hour, get in as I got out, In spite of all Sir Peter's chains and locks, and to-morrow be once more my lady's staid preceptress of youth. IIan nah, Hannah. what a life it is! Go back; try to kteep everytlhing quiet. How for, tunate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, and no one ever comes here by night or day. Nothing goes on for ever I don't want it to go on for ever. Sty time is drawing near; little by little the light is breaking, and my day is coming. I will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night!" She ran down the steps, walked withl her firm, resolute, fearless tread down the path, and, as before, lingered a second or two at the gate. The old woman had gone back to the house, and the tall, dark figure under the firs she did not see. She drew out her watch, and looked at it by the light of the moon, "Half-past one!" she murmured. "I had not thought it so late. It will be a quarter past two, then, before I reach Scarswood!" "And a very late hour for Miss Hern castle to be out alone!" Obeying an impulse he could not resist, the chasseur emerged from the tree shadows, and stood before her. '"With her permission, I will see her safely back." And then, with the bright light of the moon upon his face, Redmond O'Don nell removed his hat and bowed to Miss Ierncastle. She did not'scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in *the governess' "eins. She stood 'there quite still, and faced him; but in the moonlight that grey pallor came over the. resolu'te face, and the great grey eyes dilated withl something of the look of a hunted stag. S"Captain Redmond O'Donnell," she said, slowly, "it is you! I breathe again-for one moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but you gave themo a shock." "Yes." Captain O'Donnell drily an swered. "I think your nerves are good, Miss Herncastle. There a-re not many young ladies--not msany strong-minded governesses even--ho would fancy the long, lonely walk between Scars-vood and this place between the ghostly hours of twelve and two." "No doubt," she sa'id. wi.-l a smile, "you considered it your duty to follow me here to-nighti-to dog my steps, like the hireling assassin of anO Italian no vel-to (it is not a pleasant -word, but the word I want) play the spy?" He wvas walking by her side. He was lowering 'the pasture iars of a field as she spoke, to let 'her pass through. "Spy?" ie said. "Well, yes, I con fess it looks like it. Still, in justice to myself and my motives, let me say something more than simple curiosity has been at work to-night." "And yet, I suppose, the impulse of a gentleman would be to turn back at once, and think no more about it. That was, I know, the first thought of Cap tain O'Donnell. the 'bravest chasseur in all the army of Africa. May I ask why he did not act upon it?" "Simply for this reason-th'at Captain O'Donnell recognised Miss Herncastle at six o'clock last evening as she stood reading 'Fontenoy. "' "Indeed!" Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference. "Recognis ed me, did you? I am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets of London probably before I came here?" "No, madam; I encountered you in a very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and though I may be puzzled to place them for a while, I generally come out right in the end." "You knew me?" Miss Herneastle re peated, but her eyes were gleeming strangely now. "Well, sir, you know nothing to my discredit, I qlope?" "Nothing to your discredit, if you have told Lady Dangerfield the truth, but baronets'.wives rarely look for their children's instructresses in the person of -a New York actress." "Captain O'Donnell!" "Miss Herncastle!" And then there was a pause, and for an instant how- horribly thick and fast Miss Herneastle's heart beat only Miss Herneastle ever knew. "The play was 'Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur, "and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played the doleful- Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia of the play was a tall, black-browed, majestic woman, who acted superbly. Miss Herncastle, I don't remember the name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side to-night." She turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture of both Rhands-the atrical perhaps, but real. - .. 'Why .should I.lie tb ryoSi? 'You are a man. You will not betray me.. I will tell the truth, I am "the New York actress. I iam- the Ophelia you beheld six months ago." '."Iknew it," heanswered, with com posure., "I saw: you many nights in succession.'.'No'w, whý,en I'recognised you,' Isaid.to myself :: 'This actress, whom a crowded house applauded to the -very 'echo,- night-after night, has some nmotive--a sinister one, in all likelihood -in quitting hebr profession and coming to this 1ioutse in the role of governess. For; of course,' Lady Dangerfield is in litter ignorance of her antecedents-be lieves whatever story Miss 'Herneastle chooses to tell her." "You state your case with all the piti less grimness of the stern old judge on the bench," said Miss Ierncastle, bitter ly. "But what business is it'of yours? Are you my lady's keeper? Has your own fate been orderd so smoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard?" Something in her tone moved him something in that passionate, savage,. hunted look of her eyes touched him, he hardly knew why. "No, Heaven knows,". he said, sadly, "my own life has been no pathway of roses. I am the last man on earth to set up in judgment upon my struggling fellowmortal,andaccusehim. Ihave no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night's work. this night's discov ery, and your avowal shall lie as though they had never been. Whether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is much 'too subtle a question for me I only know I will conceal it." She held out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. "For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, why I have come here, you may one day know. And now" shall we say good night?" "How will you get in?" he asked. "The doors and windows seem bolted for the night." "Doubly boltea, and doubly barred," Miiss Herncastle replied; with a con temptuous laugih. "to keep out burglars and ghosts - t.heo'two bugbears of St. Peter's life. Nevertheless, I will get in. Good night, Captain O'Donnell." He lifted his hat and turned at once. Miss Herncastle stood where he had left her, following -the -tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so swiftly, with a strange expression in her eyes and on her lips. CHAPTER XXIV.-"AS IN A GLASS, DARKLY." On the night following MIiss Herncas tie's adventure Sir Peter rode -home wards from Castleford, where he had been visiting, close upon midnight. He was in high good spirits-for him. The night was lovely, briglit as day, and t-wice as beautiful. In his elation just then all his constitutional dread of ghosts, of "black spirits and white, blue spirits and grey," vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own domain and rode up the avenue. What was that? His horse had shied so.suddenly as nearly 'to throw hin off. They were near a huge oak; called the King's Oak, from the legend that the Young Pretender had once taken re fuge there from his pursuers. Its great branches cast shadows for yards a-round and slowly out of those gloomy shadows -oh, Heaven!-a figure came-a white figure, wl'th Streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry sky. All in white-true ghostly garments-noiseless, slow, it glided out, and stood full in his pathway. The biight, cold light of th'e moon shone full upon it, and he sa'w-the dead face of KaItherine Dangerfleld! Katiherine Dangerfield! Not a doubt of it. Who should know that face bet ter than he, as he used to see her long ago in her white dress and flowing hair? Katisherine Dangerfleld, with a face of stone upturned -to the midnight sky. Hie sa;t frozen for a moment-frozen with - a horror too intense for words or cry. Then the startled horse shied again, and a' shriek rang out in the midnight still ness that those who heard might never forget. Then the horse plunged madly forward, and there was -the sound of a heavy fall. The groom, half asleep at his post, rushed out-tivo or three dogs barked loudly in their kennels-the groom rushed forward and seized the shorse, quivering with affright. He was rider less! At a little distance lay Sir Peter, face downwards, on the dewy grass, like a dead man: And ndthing else, earthly or unealthly, was anywhere to be seen. The groom echoed his master's cry as he stooped and lifted tIlea up. He was senseless-he had struck his forohead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. It was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moon shone. The double alarm 'had been heard. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spot. They bore the stark and bleeding form between them, found his nTight-key in his pocket, opened the door, and carried him up to his omwn room. Sir Pel er, however, long before a sur geon arrived, had come to himself again. The doctor dressed the wound on his forehead, which was trifling, prepared a sedative, and administered it. The news spread, as such news is pretty sure to do. By noon that day all Castleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld Katherine Dangerfield's ghost under the trees of Searswood-had fallen from his horse in a fit-had struck his temple on a stone. The news spread-it was the talk of the town-and among others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell. He walked over. It was past three when he reached Searswood. On ex pressing his desire to see Sir Peter, he was shown up to the baronet's room. "I trust I am not an intruder, Sir Peter," 'the young Irishman said, com ing forward; "but hearing of your ac cident -" "Come in, O'Donnell-come in!" the sharp, querulous voice of the invalid said. "I wanted to see you." The chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle, who for the time being was installed as nurse. "And with your permission, Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has come, I will leave you for a while," said the governess. "I have not been out to-day, and'my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go." He took it submissively from her hand. Captain O'Donnell watched every move ment, and followed the stately figure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite alone. "This is a very strange, a very remark able occurrence, Sir Peter," hle began. "The talk is that you saw a ghost. A ghost! Now, I thought ghosts were ex ploded ideas? Will you pardon me If I think so still?" "I wish to Heaven I could!" Sir Peter groaned. "Unfortunately for me, it ad mits of no doubt. As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me, I'saw Kathe rine Dangerfield last night." "Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her? I would give a good deal to see one." "Yes, I have," the sick mail said. "Do, you see that escritoire over there? Open that-the key is in it. Open the third drawer to the left and you will findl w photograph of Katherine Dangerfield,' taken a month before she died." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He un locked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a picture wrapped in silver paper. It was a photograph, soft and clear as an engraving, and beautifully tinted. The chasseur took it to the win dow, and gazed upon it long and earn estly. Then he returned to his place by the bedside, picture in hand. "Sir Peter, there can be no doubt-it is absurd of me to suppose such a thing -there can be no doubt Katherine Dan gerfield did die?" "No doubt?" cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all exppression. "Of oeburse, there was no. doubt. Good heavens "above, O'Donnell! I-never heard of such a thing!" O'Donnell sat silent, watching, him piity, contempt, disgust, all in his grave, silent face. "I won't stay to dine to-day, I think," the chasseur presently remarked, rising. "Sir Peter, with your permission, I will keep this picture for the present. I don't see my way very clearly through this maze." He rang. The housekeeper and one of the maids came, and the chasseur took his departure. The family were in their rooms dressing. He made his way out unnoticed. (To be Continued.) 