SSOaSSWBY. PATT Y EESKINE, ' I Awoke with a start. I lay for some minutes, as I often lie after . a sadden awakening, afraid to move hand op ? foot, pitifully, childishly frightened of I. . knew cot what, while 1 gradually remem bered tbe events of the previous day. There had been nothing alarming in it, nothing bat a long railway ioumev. a drive, a welcome to an old friend's house, dinner and j bed* and then this sodden Btarfc whioh had set my heart -beating till I ooold almost hear it in the silenoe of the room. : I ttruggled with my absurd terror and felt for the matches. Of course, they tell on the floor, and- 1 did not dare to pies them np. Bat someone else found them for me, and gently put- them into my hand, frightening me so much, that— I own it candidly— 1 eoreomed aloud. ?' * Oh, how silly yon am,' said a girl's voice from the matches, 1 don't do that. I wonder why I always frighten people. I did want to talk to a woman so much. I haven't spoken to a woman for years 1 — here a sob caught her voice. 1 Ton need not light the candle ; yoa cannot see me.' . Bat with the cheerful companionship of the lighted -candle, my spirits and oonrage an returned. * Who, and what ate you f* lasted boldly, although my voice quavered. * Patty Erskuxe, Margaret jErakine ; have . you not seen my portrait downstairs? It is a^Gatns borough, and (hey are very prood of ^ itjlbut l am prettaet, much prettier. Ton ^vd6 3mt know howdreadfulit is to be pretty, . and have no oneto^ee yoa !' . ? * Patty Erskme,' leaid, 1 who—' a natural delicacy in discussing a lady's misdeeds with her ghost ^prevented me from tinishing my sentence. * Yes, I killed him,' said the Yoico wearily. 1 1 killed him, and I killed myself. He was cruel to mo, and the other can was kind, oh, so kind ! and I was very young. 1 was only sixteen when I died.. Shall 1 tell .you the story? I have never told anyone, beoanse I died before help came, bat X should like to tell yoa if you will be kind to me.1 I felt as if 1 had a.naaghty child to deal with; the voice was very youug and very near me, and the remembrance of the youth ful and beautiful face in its frame downstairs was very -vivid. * Whsre are yoa, Patty ?' I asked. 'Quite close,' die said. 'I will tell yoa how it happened. I never meant to kill him. The other man was in thwe — I forget, you cannot see if I point. This was my room, that door led to zny boudoir, and ha was there when my husband came in, and said things that he should not have said ; 1 was angry. I took a pistol and shot him, £ never meant to do it, I never thought he was dead, I thought he had fallen down to'frighten me. Then the othar man came in— it was his piBtol that £ had used— and called me 4 mur- deress,' and said that X had put his life in danger as well as mine, and that he would 1 not stay there to bo hanged with me, and, in spite of all my tears and prayers that he would save me, he, who had always been so I good to me, he opened the window, and ran for his life. When £ saw him run across the lawn to the tree where his horse was tied, and knew he would never come back to me, it did not seem worth while to live any longer, so I shot myself.' There was something inexpressibly ghastly, in the toneless, weaty vuice coming out of unhappy story with its tremulous mention of 1 the other man.' * X come here every night,' it continued. * If I ooold be sorry, i could rest, but I can not be sorry, and X am not sorry. If he were here now, X would kill him again, X can never forgive him, never, never, never.' The voice was ringing now with passion, And caught with . sobs. A great longing poor 'and comfort her, but ? alas II could not even see her! when the robbing changed eaddtaly into a laugh, and. the Voioe said, 4 And now yoa can talk to me. I want to know all about the fashions. I nome here and X look at people's clothes, bat they wear such queer things, I cannot understand them. lull me what yoa wore last night.' I gatsped. A ghost telling murder stories is comprehensible if a little commonplace, bat ! a frivolous young ghost talking about I fashions is an anachronism. 1 Would yoa like to know what I should be wearing if you could see me f the gay Voice ' The last dress i wore was a statue of blue-fteWereH brocade over a green satin skirt, and X had my hair powdered as it is -u my picture downstairs. It was yellow liir, you know, and my eyes were blue ; I was one of the belles of the time, and a reigning toast for a sea&on;, bat it ia all over 9)yo$. Imagine it, X have not spoken to any one for close upon a hundred ye&re;, it is flftoogh to make one die of the damps, if one #ese sot dead already! tt is so strange to be dead — let's change the subject. What iHtt yoa wear when yon get up in the morn ing? What morning gowns do they have now f* My visitor's changes of mood were as sadden as they were surprising, bat I had my wits by this time, and was able to answer her qaestion. ' We don't wear morning gowns,' X said ; * I shall pat on my coat skirt.' | * Your what V eaid the Voioe. i ' Gnat and skirt;' X replied. ' X don't understand/ sighed the Voice ; * what is it like 7 It is never easy to explain yourself to a person who has no claeto your meaning, but it is particularly difficult to describe your areas to the ghost ox a murderess who died in the last century, and I completely failed to make myself understood. ' If I ooold only see it,' she wailed; and then, with one of her sodden changes of voice and mood, ' ah ! bat X can, it is yon that cannot see me, not I that cannot see yoa . Are not your things in the wardrobe ; Isa^r the maid nnyaofc lor yoa this afternoon, you will not mutd if I tarn your things oat, I know when they Are. Oh, why did X not ihtokoftb^tftorel' . ;j IgUnoed anxiously tbe candle; it was long mmI would certainly barn until the 1 short summer night was at an end ; for I j .-.v islt that, were I left alone in the dark with J that voice, which could no doubt see as well i iatfa dark as in the light (if a voice can be ! said to see), X should certainly go ma3. Otherwise, with the aid of the candle, my j iesr resolved itself into a areepy nervousness. Hie wardrobe door opened, and my coat and skirt got down from their hooks and oame across the room. 'TV coat,' the Voioe, thoughtfully, , * lenmds of ? riding ooat; bat the skirt dra't yoa have hoops now-a-days V 'They want out of fashion years ago,' I : . aaid. * Yoa Me, we are more active now; i giri* ooold not play tennis or go on the top , tt an Mwribo. if tiMy won hoop..' My .Hit fell in a heap on the ground. * What M aa omnibus F* queried the Voioe. : ? _ ' A -kind of .tags ooaoh,' I «tid . hastily. \- Do y»» lids in stage ooach»f iheuU, disftdsnilly* , , 'Oh, yea/ 1 answered ; ' everyone does.' day we had our own coaches,' the 4- J ; Yatoe t«stod with polite soorn, and my dress &-v; ft* pag _ Tfsfw intorwted hear graafly. Bhe tried {i'Mn the lookby-^iai, or bo I iaiff'*) te Jfll «aw was my hat hanging 1\. hasher jfcala of tamed mihd androimd i She most haye been ' a. T f 4ad^*d, £rora the h^ghtof fnr''*1' ground, aboat five&et; ' two y ^5115, rwM^hi ? ,m tf enmotub, lying Ihae in the ^ lij i Ti ri fi i thelignfe of fee ontiffle ^ 'lit Ttm Timlin flsan straggled togethsr. :c^a kwlsh xA ihe cilkea adrts |i^io«rito«iab*tsn4 ovrnr smy thing and looked at all my olothes. Bhie was evidently enjoying herself very muoh, and I bad lost my fear of her and was 'even becoming a trifle sleepy, and wondering if she would ever go away, when she spoke again. . . * What is this f ' she said. My best evening ijown wax close to me. * Ohiffon,' lanswered, yawning. ' Yoa are very kind,' she said, politely. * People don't answer me generally, in fact never, and I have often tried to speak to them. What is yoar name P* ? X told her. ' Maud !' she said, bat from the sound of, her voioe and the position of my bodioe I gathered that she was far more interested . in my sleeves than in me. . . 1 What . an odd name!' ? * * Patty/ I said, 4 why don't you talk like one of Miss Barney's novels f Yoar con versation is positively modern.' She laughed. * I do not know,' she said, * you must ask cleverer ghosts than I ; bat I suppose we talk after the Tr»«»-Ar of ' the person to whom we appear ; I cannot talk to other people I know. May I try on this gown? I should like to have a new dress, the first for a hundred years— bat X am keeping you awake, I am so sorry, and so selfish. She seemed very near to iae now, and near tears, so that onoe 'more I felt a wish to comfort that fasoinating little ghost ? 'Patty,' I said, sitting up in bed asX spoke, * Patty darling, it's all right ; try it on by all means, only don't cxy/ She laughed again, the bodioe rose from the -floor, and X lay baok watching the un seen hands of that long dead beaaty, busy with my veir modern satin dress, till the ' bodioe cam* close np tome and the gay^ voioe of my. Mri bdr implored nie$d help her J *to it *p.\ .? ' . Mechanically, feeling that the drens stood ont but Reeling no body within it, X did np the hooks ; it sprang from me as X fastened the last of the set, and) the skirt far too long for the little ghost, held tip in both hands, it ran to the glass. \- * X want a necklace,' cried the laughing voice, * may I have yours P Oh, X know yon will lend it to me ! Here is the oase, yoar keys are in your pooket, are they not? Whioh is the right one P Oh, be quick, be qniok!' She seemed to be all over the room at once in her excitement, my necklaoe hanging in the air a few inches above tbe laot of my dress, and I sat np watohing it, half in fear, half in amusement ; she was suoh a frivolous little ghost, and so gay ! Dawn had come npon as while we were busy jvifch my dress. Already the candle burnt dimly in the lessening twilight, and now the first beam of the sun. shot through the opening between the curtains. With a oiy of fear and horror my dress fell in a heap on the floor as the sanlight struck it, ana turned its white to scarlet ; my necklaoe, clattering to the ground, lay like drops of blood, in the warm red light. 4 The son !' she cried, * ah ! how it hurts !' I never saw her again.— M. A. Botob. 