A .CURIOUS CALL. [A small well-furnished drawing-roomi in Mayfair. Katherine Rochester, cl tldevant wife of George Rochester, is seated, alone, before the lire on a win ter's afternoon.] Katherine R. (musing): So it's just a year since I severed illy matrimonial bonds, and got rid of my hlusbanll for ever! How time flies! It doesn't seemn Rt year since I became a widow. Nay, I'm not that: what am I then? Surely neither fish. tlesh.. nor fowl: i annibig lions position indeed! Perhaps I was foolish to appeal to the law for my re lease, hut I did it in a fit of tell]lier. and must abide by the decision. Oil, I had great provocation! It wasn't so mluch his little peccadilloes-I could have con lonlled-the in- time., perhlaps: wise wives somletimes must, llld I was so much older than he was. No. it was tile abominable way in which lie deserted mie-as goes the Ilhrase--that really brought matters to a crisis. Leaving nme alone, week after week, month after month, to do what I liked, spend what money I pleased-though, to be sure, it was all my own-without even writing a line to ask If I were dead or alive. Stay, I'm wrong; he did telegraph once from Norway to me: "'Please send photo; almost forgotten what you're like." Monstrous! and so ungrateful, too, when all the tine I was mnaking him such a liberal'allowance. I ought to have stoplped it, but I hoped nlvy pal try generosity might bring him to his senses-soften him, perhaps-- ut it dldn't; and I never saw hinl for two whole Years until that mnorning in court -and then I wished I hadn't done it. lint it was too late. Sonie of my IlitYr lied friends used to eury Ie rather told ienc I was a lucky- wioman. atd a fool-to make a fuss. lint I mlarriedt for comlpanionship. I wanted someone to talk at-I mnlean to talk to; soimeone to fuss when I didn't feel well. Nerves? Of course I've got nerves, and then lhe slid I made scellcs, and drove hiltn fronl his hlome. If I have a sensitive nature. he should hare, soothed, not irritated mue; sat with my- ltind in his, stroked lily hair, listened to all I hal to say without answerlng;-lhumnored me: coax ed me. instead of --lrushing out of the liouse.and slamnming the li-mll-door aftern Idm.- Tht 'wasn't the ii-.-to treat ue! Yet-not such a bad fellow, after all: Good-looking,- .yoing, cheery,- easy going-that was it-too easy, giling everywhere- without n1110. But I've punished him--at least. I hope aI have. lls pocket must feel the difference, if his heart doesn't. I- wonder what has become of hiu? Always abtioad, Lsutp pose. I'm not likely to beai imuch more about him. I never see .iny- off.lhis friends-tliey: don t.seem to call-- no body seeas.to call much ?-now. (Yawn ing,) It's dull work having only til servants to scold.. (A servant appears carrying a small salver on which.lies a visiting e'id).r ervant: A lady wishes to see you, :il'am . - , .. , " ' itherine IR. (brightening lup): Think goodness or, o soineo one! .(Sliarplyi) Well,. wrhere is she? h'11at havel you done with her? . " : Setrvant: - Here,,is .the Ildy's catd; ne'am. - She wouldli't iomiue up: uiitil she knew if you would see her. Katherine It: Dear me, what a mystery! (Reads the card.) "M`rs George Rochester," What's this? 'A joke, or my ghost? (Suddenly illiuni noted.) The wretch has ntarried again -this is his new wife ! Servant (impassively): Sliall I show the lady up, ma'am? - IKatherine R.: Certainly not --stay- yes, I will see her. (Servant disap pears.) I must see what she's like. How" do I look?" I'm sure my nose is red. (Takes up a hand-mirror, exttacts . a powder- puff from her pocket, and tones down the acerbitles of her nose). But. to come here - I declare it's hardly decent; what can shd want? I only hope I shall be able to keep my tongue under control. (Servant -reappears, and announces "Mrs Rochester." The regnant Mrs Rochester-Mabel by name- advances shyly.) MabelRIt. (timidly): Mrs Rochester, I believe? Katherine R.: That is-that was (de fiantly). Of course; that Is lly name. (To herself): Why, she's ' a mere girl, and how lovely! Mabel It. (nervously):=You knowv-who I--am? . (Katherine-R flicks the'card affirmatively;) I trnst-I;tIm sitereI-lii iic you will pardon the liberty I have take. in calling-upon you so oincereiiidniously; but the fact is-I: wanted to counsult obu -if yoti -will -'kidly allow.ailnfe to do Katherine It. (to herself): He's been at his old tricks; poor little soul! (Aloud.) Won't you sit down? (They sit.) Mabel It.: The object of illy visit is about-concerns--your-no my- (pal; ters and blushes.) SKatlerine R. (aggressively - "Why not say "our" husband at once? By the way; how long have you been married? SMabel R.: Two months. We have just come back from (blushing again) our Ilolieymoon. 'Katherine R. (ironically) : Together, Mibel It. (surprised) : Wily, yes. We are always together. Katherine R. ; He never leaves you alone-for hours ? Mabel R. ; Oh, no. He wouldn't dream of such a thing. Katherine R. (between her teeth): Wait ! (Alond) IBut, really, I fail to see ihow these accounts of bridal bliss can possibly interest me? Mabel P. (uncomfortably renIemnlier ing certain of George's confidences con cerning at former lhonloynloon) : No, of course not. It w;isll't to tallk of tihtt I came I.atherine R. (cuttingly) : Think you! Intbel R.: IlBut I wanted to h;llow be fore settling down--we have just taken a tiny house in KIensingtollt-to learn somethiing about dear George's tastes. Katherime IR. (to herself) : Is she t fool, or is she trying to bt insolent ? (Aloud) I fear I am hIrdly the right Iper son to give you the information you de Matlel iR.: Oh! but I 01m sure you are -for (naively) hie tells ile you were with litni for over three years. ICatherine R. Itielcely) : I diiscucsses te in thile same way as lie does his cok! Mabel II. llrecitititely) : Oh. no! Please don't thinki that for t: lolinlt. You're not the least hit alitc-- luite. Iluite different. Cook is young, niCe looking, andl so goodl-tipllered. Oh, dealn. hvlat have I said? I didn't ile:ll to be rulde, uilt 9o0 look at 111e so stn11gely ; I wish I hadn't onlc; it was only for his sanke. lSiionilhing' on), but I f;alcied ttiat duriing tIhre yealrs' visit lKnatherine R. (Inufhlling n rtdonically): "'Visit' is good. Mabel 1R.: 1 should have s:lid resi dence with a person. yotl do iget to know sollethini g about tlheln, don't yoU? Katherine P. igrily)l : You do, in deed! Ilablel R. : That's just it, andl so (hesitates). Katherine IR.: And so you have calledl upon 1me to ask for the cth:I:lrciteir if George Rochester (deprecating move lmellt of Mabel). Oh. luray don't lpuolo gise!--it nwas very lIrudent of you to do S0O. FIorewalrned is forertlled, Well, as he canvasses me as he would a servant, I will do the same by him. I believe him to be perfectly honest, clean, and generally sober. These are thile ques tions I am bound to answer, are they not? Passe encore (rising as she conti nues) : And now, supposing in addition I told you that your husband prefers the society of other women to that of his owvn wife; that he is indirffercut to her welfare, careless of lier happiness ; that when she is Ill and depressed he'is inconsiderately cheerful ; when she is nervous, he Is noisy; when she lectures, he laughs; when she weeps. he whistles -(warming to her topic)-that when she wants one thing, lie wants another; when she says "don't," he says "shall;" when she says 'won't;" he says "will" -that he cannot bear the slightest con tiladiCtion-that hle bsolutely insists uipon being master in his'own houdse. iupon giving his orders, having his way, and if his wife attempts to argnuewith Ilin-to thwart him-to assert her hide pendency of thought and action, that hlie goes off. and leaves her to herself for two whole years. What would you say if I told you that?. (Pulls up breath less.) Mabel It. (somewhat overwhelmed by this avalanche of verbiage) 'Why-- really I think-I should says it was the fault of his wife. Katherine R. (taken aback): What? (To herself): She means to insult ie ;n but I will hear her out. .(Aloud, reseat ing hersef): Now, I am ready to listen to youell. M:a)bel R.: I won't detain you very long. I have made a list:of the ques lions I should like to ask; you will. be' lquite candid with me, won't you? (Pro duces a dainty little earnet from 1her. unlff.) . Katherine R.: Oh, quite! -.To liei-. self): Hasn't,she heard enough? What; mnore can she want? Mabel R. (consulting her note-book): Let me see--oh, yes-this is.ratherin portant-has he got Katherline I. (quickly): More tha?i likely- Mabel R. (to herself rather): Appetite Ill tle norllling? 11What has become;of my blret?kfast menu?' All, here It Is. Does he like- Katherine Il. (cutting in): Everything hie ought not to- Mabel R.: Kidneys? K'utherine IR. gasping): Kidneys! Mahel R. (prattlilng on): For break fast, I mtean. They are such a help. and quite digestible if they're well done. .?ritlldlldultina always used to say that 11t w:ay to a ninll's hea-rt is through his n?:iilit, I. 'ad' I e copied lnto Ihook-hfscl a qlltllltity of nice receipts, if he only likes 'thent-ht that's what I wanted to tinid out, for it's I o good giving hilml thing.,s he won't clt. is it' Kilatherine . (not knowing quite where shie is): No. I suppose not. Mabel R. tmhkinlg notes): Yes; kid neys, you said I think. I'I1 put them dowin.- Now, eggs. How does he like eggs? Poached or-plain boiled?.. . Katherine IR. (losing herhenad): .Oh, poasehed--loiled-pla in-colored. . fMabel- It, (serlblling).: Thank yoil so mucli. Now for ltlc I'll have a wonder ful reeeipt for hashiug cold mutton to make It taste like, enisoli. I sliall give him tlhat soimetiimes, shall I?- 011, lpUd dings-adoes he like puddings? , IKaitherine R, (wildly): Yes. Puddings. pies, tarts-.(Stops abruptly). Mabel R.: C;n hie eat shellfisl? Crabs? Noiw.llow does'he like themit dressed? Katherine R. (distractedly): Oh. over dressed, .full-dressed; anyhow. -(To her self): I shall sereani dii.ectly. M'abel R. (continuing calmly): Now, diun ner-is the most serious meal iun a nman's lay,. Entrees will hbe my chlef difliculty, for we shall be quite poor. But I think that sweet breads; sometimes with a white sauce .sometimes with. a ?rown 'arvy, will be quite safe to order, don't' you?-(Katherie eR. nds- i helplessly)- antic ol-?-blh vent now and then, if hj eats' liahtt ?, thinkydinsid hlie eatsl.pasti?:. (KatherIne R: riodding): Thank'you : i thiik tI'niall riglit'ibolit the joints, 'for, e3llien?eat joints 'don't they?:=And, if 'fte all, they are something solid-to fall backn upon. All! about sweets. What sweets did yon give him? iKatllerine R: None. Sweets were Lot in imy line, he said. " M3abel It. (recbgnising a danger signal): .O, yes. of course: men never eat sweets. do they?; they prefer savories. Perhaps yoS could give me some hints about sat vories. Katherine:Rt (rallying her scattered senses)- Mrs Rochester, my husband and 11 seldom dined togethel: I know little or nothing of his likes and dislikes. Per haps (bitterly) if'I had studied them, as you are doing, my meals might have been less lonely. . Mabel R. (hurrying on nervously): Ah. 1now! There is just• one more tiling I want to ask you._f-I may. Does hesuif-. for from cold feet at night? For I spend t great deal of my time in knitting, and could make him such warm, comfort able, cosy socks if he would wear them. Katherine It. (unnerved for. the mo ment): I told you that my husband and I seldom M Mabel R. (naively): Yes, dined together. -Katherine. R.: But it was'. the Same thing all day:.long. - Can't you under stand? --;(Breaklng down). -" Oh, child. child; wliy wasn't--I-like sou?: . ( :fainful: lause:.::Mabeal I:,-goes softly i -t titli: sofa wheire -Kathlerihe- R1i,2 iS irockingt hei'sqlf, and'tiks hlier hand) - ?fitbehl:R. .Don't cry dodn't cry! It's donebionts Katherine It..(hysterlcall) ) Bt 'I did it. I ws'obliged to do it. That seems the cruel part. ' Mfabel It. (gently): Oui lives are in our own hands, to make -or to mar." Forget thle past ; try to look'l 'forivad to the fiture. - " " Kathertine -R.: (pullitng herself to gethei).: You deserve a better fate. " Mlabel R.: Hush! you mustn't say that. I haIce chosen: and I" think-well. IKatheilne-R.: You're a good woman. SMabel R.: So are you--or I should not have cometo see you. Katherine'R.: Good! Yes. what the world from its platform of respectability calls "good." Oh. yes. good enoughb in one sense. If I had been as some of any fi lends are-I might not have done it \-- might have left himi to do It. But. you see, I never was attractive. George imtarriel me for my mnoney. that began the mischidf: and theun--then--I have a terrible temper. I can't conquer it. I'se tried. but I can't. alnbel R. (most pitifully): Poor', un li llpy womnll! TKatherine f.: Yes. that's what I am. (Passionately.) BRut he had nio r'ight to treat me as he did. Say it-tell me- you do pity mie? tabIel R.: (lookling into her hlard, thin face): Yes, I do pity you. (3ovementri of IKatherine R). But on your narcount, unt Katherine R.: But still you moust ad mit Iabel R. : I admit nothling a=gn;nlst hiit-I love him. Katlherine Rt.: So do I. habel R,.: Not as I do. I-atherilne R. (after a strulggle): Will you kiss nue? 3tabel I.: Wh yl not? There (cheer ultly). dto "Ott feel better now? See,. it's five o'clck. andl quite darik! .1 innst go. luo:'gi w'ill be c(lxpctinlg me. Iliatheriie I.: As I u?ed to explect htbitt---bli n ever c'anle. Miael ,. (ilnpulivesly): Ah! if you h:'d ibelihaved differentnly! But you made his life ,-e ' Katherine R.: Miserabile? Out with it! CWell. I suppose I dlid. Now run away. Ihllat is your name. Mabel I,.: Mabel. I?athlerine R.: Runl away, Mabel, all make his life happy. IMabel R.: I mean to try. Good-bye! KI.ithertne R.: Good-bye! She rinlis the bell, goes with her visitor to tile door, and looks after her retreating figure): Poor, simple little thing! Per h:tps those sort of womnen make tie best wives, after all. (Shuts the door ; slivers slightly; stirs thie fire; and, withl her feet on thu fender, looks down into tile bilaze). I wonder, if I had to gil through it all again, whether I shouhld have "behaved differeutly." I wouder: \--"W'orld." 