THE SERMON. HOLINESS, OR THE SOURCE OF THE CHRISTIAN'S LIFE AND VICTORY. A SERMON BY ARCHDEACON LANOLEY, OP MELBOURNE. "And of His fulness have all we received, and grace for grace."-John i., 16, The great purpose of God in the spiritual life of His people is that they may be holy. Holiness ijj the ultimate end sought in the work of God in individual souls. "The Kingdom of God," we are told on divine authority, "is within you; not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." It cannot be made too plain that when this end is lost eight of there is a fatal mistake in the re ligious life. The Lord Jesus Christ came into the world "to destroy the works of the devil." He lived His perfect life to give us an example that we should follow His steps. He died "to redeem us from all in iquity." He sends forth His spirit that the fruits of holiness should be manifested in us to the glory of God. All the w»rk of God in the individual believer is to re-create man in the likeness of God-to reproduce in him God's own 1 moral image, and thus show forth the won i ders of divine power and love in the life I of everyone who professes to be His fol lower. Conduct is the ultimate test of life. "He that committeth sin is of the devil." How ever he may talk, whatever time he spends in prayer, whatever form his religiousness : may take, unless he gains the victory over himself and sin, unless he learns to love land love leads to a transformed character ] and life-there is no reality, no power, no value in it. "Though I speak with the tongue of men I and of angels and have not charity- love-I am but as a sounding brass and a tingling cymbkl." On the other hand, "He that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as He is righteous." "He that is born of God doth not. commit sin." Holiness is the true evidence of a spiritual life, so that we may go so far as to say, "When there is no opposition-strong, de termined opposition to sin-and no longing . depire to do the perfect will of God,4nere is no divine life at all." Holiness is the true work of God in us; it is the great evidence of a divine life. By their fruits ye shall know them. It is the true power to convince the world of the value of real religion; it is the one thing above all others that honours God; it is the great quest of every true Christian-an un mistakable sigh of the grace of God. How can we obtain it? Whatis the way of its successful.fliUtinmerU.? I. In order^teA obtain any sticgess in this life of liolmeas MJhere'm wij?be'a deep, un alterabl^'~-Spiting sense of flgr ^personal j weakness an*! iflmffipiewcy.- Tol b e fiothiug, , to hav<5 ta6tJn0fcVin ordjei* th». mayl ? make Glp^L^ Christ even^h^g^* empty, I (that He'tnayVfty-. wat He may! I strengthen enrich ! ; me; lost, that^Hoiwymtifl me; estranged] j frpm God, that He may restore me. No) power of myself to help .myself; my suffi-1 ciency of God. y *" Every enlightened CtajsJian understands [ tliis in reference to justification before God. . "Not by works'of righteousness which we: haive done, but by His mercy He saved us." W'i have been saved by grace,"not of works,! lest any man should boast." "To him that j wOrketn not, but believeth on Him that | justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted 1 for righteousness." This is the cardinal | truth, which lies at the root of our whole j position as the accepted reconciled children of God. Here we can all .understand the force of the words of the'-text, "Of His fulness have we received; and grace for grace." 'We have received of His fulness in grace, in pardon, in establishment of com munion with God, in promise of eternal life. "Being justified by faith, we have peace with God, through our Lord Jesus Christ." We have peace-it is ours; we know what- God has by promise made over; to us; we enter into the possession of the! inheritance of God's children; "we have re-j demption through His blood; even the for-1 giveness of our sins." We say, and we re joice to say, ; ~ "Nothing, nothing in my hands I bring, Simply to Thy cross I cling." We come".to God. We secure from God His gifts of grace, without money and with out price. All thia we understand when it is Christ's work for us, bringing us into a condition of acceptance with God; but do we understand this powerlessness in con nection with the holy life? Are we not like the Galatian Christians, to whom St. Paul 'said, "Having begun in the spirit, are i ye now made perfect in the flesh." j It is of the utmost importance to our success in the holy life that we understand. that here, top, "we have no power of our selves to help ourselves,", that we can do! nothing apartfrom Christ, that there is no| stage of the Christian life attainable where ] we can run alone, that there is no such i condition to be reached as will enable us tri be otherwise than absolute dependents on Christ's bounty for grace to Live-that therfeis no sanctified condition possible where we are not aa really liable to fall as fever we were, if we cease to abide in Christ. . Surely, no matter what length of time we may have lived a Christian life, we rise from our beds each day as liable to fall and sin and wander from God as ever we were. . While we are in the body we are liable to temptation .from, without and as sault from within. While we live we are s\\*rounded by deadly foes in the world, the flesh and the devil. Indeed, the more we know of God the more we learn of Him. The more we see of the danger of falling the more fully we understand our own helplessness and poverty and weakness. IL-Secondlv, we nefd to understand God's wonderful and perfect provision for the holiness of his people. "I am weak, but Thou all mighty, Hold me with Thy powerful hand." Where is our strength? How- nan we at tain to the true life of God's children? 1 he answer is in the words of this text, "Of His fulness have all we received, tmd grace for grace." , . God in Christ has power to save us from any and every sin. He has power, by His spirit dwelling in ue, "according to His pro mise, to lead us on to the life of love and reverence, of adoration, and full surrender to do the holy will of God. ' He is able to keep us from falling. He, the Lord Jesus Christ, is declared to be the bon ot God, with power by the resurrection of i the (lead. . We have no power of ourselves. is the kingdom, and the power,-, and . the glory." "Is anything too- hard for the Loud?". "Is there any: evil in .your, heart He cannot overcome; is there any affection or lust He cannot control; is there any difficulty He cannot enable you to sur mount? Surely not. See your own weak ness. You cannot exaggerate it. See His divine almighty power. You cannot mag nify it too mucn. Keep these two thoughts constantly before your mind, your need, that you cannot attain anything by your own mere efforts; and Christ's divine ful ness, exceeding abundant, above all you can ask or think. III. The important question then is How can this wondrous supply be ob tained? We need first of all to surrender ourselves fully and entirely to God's grace, that He may work. We can raise obstacles; we can make the grace of God in vain, and there fore absolute complete submission to the authority of God is what is necessary; that His will should be the law of our life. We should have a determination to let God have all, all our life. To say In full and glad surrender I give myself to Tliee. * "Here we offer and present ourselves, our souls, and bodies, to be a reasonable, holy, and lively sacrifice unto Thee." 1 When this surrender is made we must believe that God does make over to us the Divine power needed for grace and godli ness; that it is a truth that of His ful ness we have received; that the Divine power of the Lord is made over to us. Christ is ours, if we are truly born of God. Christ is full of truth and grace. We have received this fulness with all it brings. | Faith accepts this fact. We have all we want in Him. "Thou, 0 Christ, art all I want, more than all in Thee I find." The Holy Spirit that comes forth from the Father and the Son is ours to enable us to say. "He dwelleth with us. and shall be in us.' Thus fait/h gives us ability to enter into the actual possession of the power God bestows. "The life I now live in the flesh , I live by thtf faith of the Son of God." i Faith first sees the power, and then holds it fast. As it is held it is in living exercise,! and accomplishes its work in the victory, over sin in the servant of the Lord. | Thus holiness is through faith, as we trust our Divine Lord, as we venture our all on Him. He puts forth His divine power in us, and enables us to do what otherwise, would be quite impossible for us; gives us I ' power to walk according to the holy will, of God. Thus the holy life becomes the ? life of faith. Faith leads us to know God; j to know God is to love Him; love in action is the life of holiness. ! Our business then is to live the life of faith; to keep the soul in constant touch with God; to walk in the light, as God is in the light. ' To this end we watch lest anything should hinder the intercourse between us and our God. We pray because prayer is the lan-; "guage of faith, and by prayer faith is in creased and becomes more definite. We read the Word of God, because faith be j comes fuller and stronger as we see what I God is and has ever been to His people. I We come to the house of prayer with joy; ; we take of the ordinances of God because i then "faith can touch and handle things I unseen." God's assurance to us is, "We have re ceived." Then act as if you had received. Expect to conquer self and sin and the i world. Remember, when you fail and sin, fit is because you have ceased your hold on t the divine power of the Lord. It may be j asked, where does personal work and effort I come in? If by this question is meant, i how are our own mere efforts any part in I all this, the answer is, our own efforts made ! in our own strength are useless and vain j because they want the element of divine ' power; but if the question means, what i place do personal efforts take in the life of those who seek to be holy by faith in Christ, the answer is. He works in us to will and to do according to His good plea sure. Such efforts as are now put forth were never put forth before, such strivings were never seen, but they are now God's work in us. He lives, He moves, He works, "He hath wrought all our works in us." The difference is that they are willing, | i spontaneous, powerful because they are the j miglity work of God in us, the working out of another will than our own, the showing j forth in us of the power of Him in whom j dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead I lirtfli'lv uuuny. | IV.-This is the blessed practical result grace exchanged for grace, a continued ac- - cession of grace, no standing still. Let there be only full surrender to God, a de termination to obey at' all costs, and a simple trust in God's power to enable, and -we go from strength to strength. The idea presented in the words is grace into grace, as we use the grace it adgrits to more; as one part of the fortress is taken it gives us vantage ground to contend suc | cessfullv for another; as we see more and | more of our victorious power in Christ we ' see more of our need ana sin. For the very | worst we see there is a remedy; for the cleansing of every sin there is the efficacy ' of the blood of Christ to put it away, and | there is the power of God to enable us to ' | overcome. We only learn all this bv prac- , I tical experience. When we come first to I know the Lord we see something of what | He can be to us; but how little we really do know of Him? , But, as a deeper sense | of want, a fuller realisation of our weak ness, comes to us, as in the emergencies of I life, we are brought face to face with ' needs we had never noticed before, diffi-1 culties almost impossible to be overcome, | as it seems to us, we prove Him, and find He never fails. Faith grows by exercise, I and so we advance from grace to grace. ' Do you know the Lord Jesus as a Saviour from sin? Thank God if you know Him as the Out in whom you are reconciled to God, but do you know Him as the Con-1 querer? Dou you understand that "the government is upon Hie shoulder," that He. is "mighty to save?" Are you the! victim of some evil habit? _ Have you prayed, and struggled, and striven against it, and failed? Take comfort. God's purpose for you is victory. Go to your Lord afresh. Surrender your self in your failure, hopeless of any de liverance by your own mere efforts. Ask Him lo do His own most blessed work in you. Remind Him that His will is your sanctilication. Trust Him fully. As He says to you-"Believest thou that I am able to do this." Say yes. "Thou hast pro mised." In the expectancy of faith, be lieve your prayer for deliverance to be an swered; God has given you His power/ step out on the seeming void, only to^nna. the rock of ages- beneath your feet. -' God will give you the victory. "He is faithful that nath promised." -Is it your difficulty that your faith is weak? Do not be downcast or dismayed. Use the faith you have. - -It may as a grain of mustard-seed, but act on it; step, auli J>ft the promises of fiod tagtever] wepk your fait^i may be, andyou^.wiil Sad - ? " it grow by exercise until from being small as a grain- of .mustard seed it will become strong enough to Bay to the sycamore-tree be plucked upby the roots and cast into the sea, and it shall be done. Here, then, is the summing up of the whole matter. We are weak, helpless, powerless to oveiv come our sins and live to God. Christ Jesus our Lord has all fulness tor this very end, that we should be tameless before Him in love. "Blameless and harmless the sons of God without rebuke." We take Him, we lay hold on His power by the constant exercise of faith-we receive Hifl spirit. All He is He is for us; all He has He has for us. As we apprehend Him, as we allow Him to have all His way with u% as we simply trust Hira every day and hour, we are enabled to live lives of holiness. His spirit leads us into continued accessions of grace. The life of grace is the life of holiness to the praise ana glory of God. 