CHAPTElt XXX.—BETWEEN OLD LIFE AND THE NEW THE Tlie Earl of Ruysland was seated alone at Scarswood, brooding over the recollection of the confession made by Harriet Harman, when a hasty sum mons was given at the door, and, in an swer to a peremptory “Come in,” on his lordship’s part, the footman, Soames, presented himself. “ The post, my lord—letters for your lordship.” The bowing Soames placed a silver salver, on which half a dozen letters were arranged before his lordship, and backed from the room. There were one or two for Lady Cecil —one from Sir Arthur Tregenna—two for Lady Dangerfield, and two for him self. The lirst of these letters was on business froiii his solicitor, the other in a hand that was new to him. He broke it open. It was lengthy. He glanced a: the name—“Redmond O’Donnell.” “Now, what does O’Donnell mean by making me wade through four closely written pages,” his lordship said, in an aggrieved tone. “How little consider ation some people have for the feelings of their fellow-beings! I’il have to look over it, at least, 1 suppose.” He adjusted his eye-glass, smoothed out the pages, and glanced through them. “Miss Herncastle”—“ Kather ine Dangerfield ”—what did it mean ? Everywhere those two names! His' lassitude vanished. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through. His face changed as it had not changed when Harriet Harman told him that his daughter was not his daughter. “Goodness above! what, was this ? Katherine Dangerfield not dead! Kath erine Dangerfield and Miss Herncastle one and the same! Katherine Danger field his daughter! Katherine Danger field and Miss Herncastle one! »Tt was plainly there—all the proofs, one after another: no need for verifica tion—no doubting—no disputing , now. She had not died. 1-Ie recalled the pic ture of Lionel Cardonnell in the posses sion of the governess, her interest in the story, the strong likeness to his dead wife, that had struck him the first time he saw her. The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises she had assumed. What a bold game she had played! And Tregenna had fallen in love with her, and he had done his best to separate them—and tried to induce him to pro pose to Harriet Hannan’s daughter. ) His daughter lived—had relented at the eleventh hour—had burned the con fession—renounced her retribution—and gone into the world alone and unaided to fight the hitter battle of life. "Oh, Heaven!” he cried, “ this is the hardest to hear of all!” The drawing-room door opened as lie sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. She wore one of her white summer dresses, the dresses she liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest. A knot of fairy roses in her bosom, a rose-hued ribbon binding back the hazel hair, and the pearly face, ever colorless,blanched, as it had been since the revelation first came upon her, to a dead white. "Papa,” she cried—the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned—“ what has happened—anything new?” “Yes, something new—something very hard to believe, very hard to bear. Queenie, the grave and the headstone in Casileford churchyard are falsehoods and cheats. Katherine Dangerfield never died!” She stood and looked at him—speech less with surprise. “Yes, Queenie, she lives. My—that I should say it!—my daughter—Katherine Dangerfield did not die—she lives under another name. Can you guess it?” “I can. It is Helen Herncastle.” I He placed the letter he had just read in her hand. “Read that,” he said : “it is from ! O’Donnell, and explains all. I think I could have borne anything but this." Even in that moment site shrank a little at the sudden mention cf O'Don noll's name. , Lord Ruysland placed th'odengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume his walk. “Sit down,” he said, “it’s a long affair I to read, and you don’t look fit to stand. Are you ill. Queenie? Your face is the color of your dress.” She read the letter over very slowly— the facts were placed so clearly in or der that t$ere could be no doubt. Kath erine Dangerfield lived in Helen Hem castle, Lord Ruysland’s daughter, whose rightful name and place she her self had usurped so long. Lord Ruys land’s daughter, wronged beyond all reparation, maddened by wrongs until sbe had turned at bay, had done unto others as she had been done by. And now she had not only departed from Scarswood, but from Castleford, forced j out once more to face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. “Oh. it is hard—it is cruel—it is bit- j tor!” she cried, starting up. “Papa, let us go to her—let us find her, at once— j at once! I will resign everything—I will make what reparation I can. But who on earLh can ever compensate her for what she has suffered? How shall I ever dare to look her in the face? And to think—that my—my mother -” She covered her face with both hands | in a passionate outbreak of tears, j “Be quiet, Queenie,” was Lord Ruys j land’s answer, a touch of impatient pain j in voice and face; “there is no question | of our being too late. Fate has dealt | hardly with her, I allow—with us all, if it comes to that. Think of the scandal, I the gossip of the world, the talk of the London clubs and drawing-rooms. Good heaven! it is enough to drive a inan wild ! One thing about tl^s wonderful turn of ersnta strikes me as most wonderful of all, and that is, that at O’Donnelffs inter ference she should give up her revenge, burn Mrs Harman's confession, and tlirow up the game the moment it was hers.. That I don’t understand. Women are a riddle; it’s a hackneyed aphorism,' but for sound truth might be affixed to the Four Gospels. I say again, if she had been in love with the fellow—but I thought Sir Arthur --” ne stopped, and glanced furtively at Cecil. She was standing, her .eyes downcast, a lovely rose-pink flush on either cheek. Perhaps by some inward intuition her woman's nature understood this other woman's—perhaps some glimmering of that truth to which O’Donnell himself was blind broke upon her. To Cecil Clive it seemed a very 'easy thing for any woman to love Redmond O’Doniicll. "5Tou look as if .you understood, 'Queenie,” the earl said. ,- “Solve this riddle, if you can.” “X think the solution must he the in nate nobility and generosity of—how shall we call her?—Miss Herncastle, then, herself. For she is noble—she is great almost beyond belief. Captain , O’Donnell is right. It.is a noble nature warped in spite of her; others in her place, with iter, genius.; would have done far worse. YX<m nms»V.iearn to love her, papa; to-look upon her.as;.your daugh ter—to let her.take the name I.bear—the place I fill when l am —\ Her voice broke. “Sir Arthur Tregenna’s wife. Is that what you would say. Queenie? Well” —an impatient sigh here—“I suppose I must try." ( - “When I am gone—that is what I meant to say, papa. For I will go—it is only just I should go back to the life to which I was born. And I will never be Sir Arthur- Tregenna’s. wife. This letter”—she-took it up—“I see is from Sir Arthur to me. When I answer it, it will be to tell him how distasteful such a marriage would be to me.” Lord Ruysland listened, his old weary, calm returning—his habitual expression, half-cynical, half-indifferent—back. “Quixotic, but correct, perhaps. You will offer Sir Arthur his freedom—very generous on your part; and he will re fuse it—equally generous on his. You are’right, Queenie—go through the form, by all means; it is what I would do my self in your place. But you will marry Sir Arthur, nevertheless.” “I will never marry Sir Arthur. In all likelihood I shall never marry at all. You need not smile like that, papa—I mean it. Sir Arthur loves, your real daughter, and one day he will marry her. Her faults have been many; but when he knows the truth such love as his will find it easy to overlook those faults. He was anxious for me to be come his wife because, through no fault of his, he felt he stood in some way com mitted. and I—oh! I was base and un generous when I thought of accepting him. I thank Heaven that I'know the truih before it is too late. If he loved me, even, and if I loved him, I would still refuse to become his wife now. As it is. all the powers on earth would not force me to marry him." The earl saw that she spoke the truth —that all argument was useless here. “You don’t- love him,” he replied, quietly; “then perhaps you do love some one else—the Free Companion, the soldier of fortune, the Chasseur d’Afrique, for instance?” hue looked at' him- steadily, the cplor deep on her cheeks, a bright light in her "Yes!” she said, proudly," resolutely; “I love him! I have loved him from the hour I saw him lirst!” v-j “And he has .told you all, no doubt— the story of Torryglen and his youthful presumption and folly, tolerably out lived in six years’ campaigning, if I judged him rightly?" The glow deepened on her face—“the light that never was on sea or land,” the light of love that knows itself beloved again. “He has told me,” she said, under her breath, “and lie has not outlived it— thank Heaven! Yes, though I should never see him again on earth—thank Heaven. Papa, do you think you did right then?” “Well, no. Morally speaking1, perhaps I did not; socially speaking, I am sure I did. You couldn’t have married him, Queenie—I hope you know that. And you can’t marry him now either, that I can see. Think of roughing it out in Algeria, .grilling alive under an African sun—no society, a camp follower, ancl sooner or later an Irish officer’s half-pay widow. He’s a line fellow—always was .—the sort, by gad! if I were a woman, I should like to marry myself. But you haven’t been brought up to rough it, and —it won’t do, Queenie, it won’t do.” The color had faded from her face, the happy light from her eyes; a wistful weariness and longing had taken their place. Lord Ruysland smiled faintly—smiled sceptically. “Well, well, we won’t' discuss the question at present, Queenie. Take your letter and answer it. We will have Sir Arthur directly after, and you and he can settle these heroics between you. Still, I think, if I were you, I would marry him, Queenie.” She smiled in answer, stooped; and kissed him as he sat down. “You ought to hate me for my—my mother's sake, if not for my own, ’ she said. “You are very good to me, Lord Ruysland.” “Am I?” he answered, rather drearily. “Being ‘very good’ to any one has not been the besetting virtue of my life. We’ll not talk of my goodness, Cecil, child; it’s a subject that won’t bear dis cussion.” (To be Continued.) 