factor*. THE APOSTOLIC SUCCESSION. An Address delivered by the Loed Bishop of Melbourne, in the Chapter-House of the Cathedral, to the Church Society, on Monday, August 2nd. The subject on which I have been requested to speak this evening is ' The Apostolic Succession' — a phrase which signifies the regular transmission of Holy Orders from generation to generation on epis copal lines from the apostles' time to our own. But before dealing with the subject, I wish to draw your attention to the gradual development of the Christian Church and of its ministry, as we have it in the Acts of the Apostles. In this document the organisation of the Church appears as a providential rather than a supernatural process. At first the whole management of the affairs of the Church is in the hands of the apostles. And it would seem that this state of things might have continued had not special circumstances, recorded in Acts vi., arisen to necessitate the appoint ment of subordinate officers (8co.kovoi, or deacons) to relieve the apostles of the burden of ' serving tables. ' Such was the origin of the diaconate, and its history is suggestive, not so much of a direct revelation, as of the working of a sanctified common sense, under providential guidance. The first mention of irpeoSvTepoi (presbyters, or elders, as it is in our English Testament ; or priests, as it is in the Rubrics of the Prayer-book) occurs in Acts xi. 30 ; and the notice of them is incidental, not formal. The Christians in Antioch, hearing of a famine which was imminent in Judsea, sent relief to their brethren in that country, and they sent it to the presbyters by the hands of Barnabas and Saul. The passage implies that there were already in the Church officers thus designated ; but we are left to conjecture how their appointment originated, whether from the synagogue, as is most probable, or from some other source. The origin of the episcopate is equally obscure. We have indeed in Acts xiii. an account of a very solemn setting apart of Saul and Barnabas by the prophets and teachers at Antioch, the act being accompanied by fasting, prayer, and imposition of hands. The two men are said to have been sent forth by the Holy Ghost. We recog nise that we should call an ordination or consecration of them to the special work of the apostleship to the Gentiles ; and the narrative is distinctly referred to in the form of consecrating a bishop. But during the apostolic age, iirlffKoiros and irpecrGiJTepos (bishop and presbyter) appear as synonymous terms. You will remember that in the 20th chapter of the Acts St. Luke relates that when St. Paul arrived at Miletus, he sent to Ephesus and called the presbyters of the Church, and in the course of his address to them, he said — 'Take heed to yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you bishopt' (translated overseers in our English Testa ment). Other instances of the same kind occur in the New Testament ; and indeed the two words, presbyter and bishop, continued to be synonymous as late as the time of Clement of Borne, as his epistle to Corinth, probably written about the middle of the last decade of the first century, clearly shows. The nearest approach to our idea of a bishop in the Acts is the position of James, the Lord's brother, who evidently held a post of superiority in the mother Church of Jerusalem ; in the 15th chapter he seems to have acted as president of the council of apostles and presbyters, though he is not called a bishop. Timothy and Titus, whom St. Paul appointed to be his representatives for a time at Ephesus and Crete, have been regarded as a connecting link between an apostle and a permanent bishop. But when, and under what circumstances, the episcopal order, in the usual sense of that expression, was developed in the Gentile Churches, history does not record. It must have been during the, thirty years which followed the fall of Jerusalem, a.d. 70 to a.d. 100, or thereabout's?'and took place, in all probability, with the sanction, and under the superintendence of St. John, the last survivor of the apostles. Especially will this appear probable to those who think, as I do, that the angels of the seven churches of Asia Minor, addressed in the Apocalypse, were in air probability bishops. It is evident from the . 2nd and 3rd chapters of that book that each of the churches mentioned had its presiding minister, who was invested with peculiar authority and responsibility. It can hardly be believed that the holy angels in heaven are the angels here intended, because the ? apostle is directed to write to each of them, and also because some of them are severely censured. How can we imagine the Lord addressing one of the holy angels in heaven as He addressed the angel of the Church of Laodicea — 'Because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of My mouth'? Perhaps, then, we may discern in the position of these angels (the Greek word signifies messengers) the gradual development of Church organisation. This view is powerfully supported by Archbishop Trench. If, as is believed by many, upon the testimony of Irenseus, St. John beheld the Apocalyptic vision towards the end of the reign of Domitian, about a.d. 95 or 96, a generation had passed away since St. Paul wrote his second epistle to Timothy; and during that period the Jiighest order of the ministry, that of bishops, had become more clearly defined. But whether this be so or not, we are led, in the absence of clear evidence, to conclude that the office of bishop, like that of the two 'previous orders, arose out of the pressure of providential circumstances, and the exigencies of the early Church. This view receives some degree of confirmation from Jerome, a fourth century writer, and one of the greatest of the Latin fathers, who in his comment on Titus i. 5 writes as f ollows :— ' Before factions were introduced into religion, the Churches were governed by a council of elders, but as soon as each man began to consider those whom he had baptised to belong to himself and not to Christ, it was decided throughout the world that one elected from among the elders should be placed over the rest, so that the care of the Church should devolve on. him, and the seeds of schism be removed.' Bishop Lightfoot, commenting on this passage, says: — 'To the dissensions of Jew and Gentile converts, and to the disputes of Gnostic false teachers, the development of episcopacy may be mainly ascribed.' In the absence of contemporary documents throwing light upon the history of the Church during the half-century after the fall of Jerusalem, it seems probable that St. John, with other surviving apostles, removed to Asia Minor, and there established, or at any rate gave his high sanction to the establishment of, an ecclesiastical organisation similar to that which had worked so well at Jerusalem under the episcopal authority of St. James, the Lord's brother, designated by some writers 'Bishop of Jerusalem.' I have alluded to the mystery which hangs over the last three decades of the first century. But we cannot go far into the second century before we find the threefold ministry of bishop, priest, and deacon universally prevailing throughout the Church. It is very improbable that it Would have prevailed so rapidly unless it had been supported by apostolio institutions; and accordingly, in the early Church historians, the succession of bishops in most of the more important Churches is ? traced up to the very time of the apostles. At the close of the second century 'episcopacy,' says Bishop Lightfoot, 'is so inseparably interwoven with all the traditions and beliefs of men like Irenreus and Tertullian, that they betray no knowledge ' of a time when it was not.' . ? The foregoing observations illustrate the wisdom and moderation of the Church of England, as shown in the Preface prefixed to her Ordinal. The introductory sentence of it runs thus :—' It is evident unto all men, diligentlyjreading Holy Scripture, and ancient authors, that from the apostles'- time there have been these orders 'of ministers in Christ's Church — bishops, priests, and deacons. Which offices were evermore held in such reverend estimation that no man might presume to execute any of them except he were first called, tried, examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for the same ; and also by public prayer, with imposition of hands, were approved and admitted thereunto by lawful authority.' Now this sentence has stood in our Prayer-books throughout all its revisions. It appeared in the first Prayer-book of Edward VI., 1549 (nearly 350 years ago) ; it appeared again in the second Prayer-book of Edward VI., 1552 ; it appeared again in the Prayer-book of Queen Elizabeth, 1559 ; and again in the Prayer-book as it now stands, in the time of Charles II., 1661. You must bear in mind that during this period of 112 years both Church and State were passing through sharp conflicts and mighty changes. The various revisions of the Book of Common Prayer reflect and illustrate the varying temper of Churchmen. The pendulum of ecclesiastical opinion was oscillating violently to and fro : now the Church is seen gradually emerging out of Eoman error ; now almost overwhelmed by Puritanism ; now endeavouring to seize the golden mean between superstition on the one hand and irreverence on the other ; and, at last, we see the pendulum settling down to the steady swing of a sober-minded CHurchmanship, under the guidance of the great Churchmen of- the seventeenth century/including Bishop Sanderson, of Lincoln, and Bishop Cosin, of Durham. But throughout this stormy period the introductory sentence in the Preface to the Ordinal was retained ; and under the Clerical Subscrip tion Act 1865-, every clergyman, on his ordination, or admission to a benefice, solemnly makes the following declaration :— ' I assent ttf the ordering of bishops, priests, and deacons.' At the revision in 1661, it was also declared in the Preface to the Ordinal that ' no man shall be aopounted or taken to be a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon in ? ! — J,.''l,'.'' - .? ? ' ? the Church of England, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be called, tried, examined, and admitted thereunto according to the form hereafter following.' ;-Now, when we read this Preface, we observe that it begins by stating an historical fact, ' that from the apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church — bishops, priests, and deacons'; and, to establish this /fact, the Church appeals to 'the Holy Scripture and ancient authors.' We have seen that the New Testament records the creation of the diaconate, but not that of the^presbyterate or priest hood ; and also that in the New Testament bishop and presbyter are used as synonymous terms, and therefore in the Preface to the Ordinal 'ancient authors' are appealed to, in order to establish the historical fact ; and the appeal shows that ' before the middle of the second century each Church or organised Christian community had its three orders of ministers — its bishop, its presbyters, and its deacons.' As to the share which the Anglican Church enjoys in this ancient heritage, we may accept the statement of Dean Hook that the clergy of the Church of England can trace their connection with the apostles by links, not one of which is wanting, from apostolic times to our own. In a few days we shall receive authentic accounts of the visit paid by our bishops, now assembled at the Lambeth Conference, to Ebb's Fleet and Eichborough on the 22nd ult., to commemorate the arrival of Augustine, the first Archbishop of Canterbury, in a. p. 597. The fol lowing Collect was to be said at the close of the commemoration service : — ' 0 God, Who by the preaching of Augustine and his followers didst bring the truth of Thy Gospel home to our English fathers, grant us in like manner with a fervent zeal to spread the glad tidings of Thy glorious Son throughout the world, and to abide in the perfect truth of Thy Holy Word, through the same our Lord Jesus Christ.' It was natural that at the time of the Reformation, when our Church cast off the Roman yoke, efforts should be made to discredit the Anglican Succession. The first Archbishop of Canterbury, con secrated after the breach with Rome, was Parker, who succeeded Cranmer. About fifty years after Parker's consecration, doubts about the validity of it were suggested, which found expression in the Nag's Head fable, long ago exploded. Some years after this, the consecra tion of Barlow, Parker's chief consecrator, was challenged, on the ground that there is no record of Barlow's own consecration. No doubt this was so ; but the objection applied to other bishops also — for instance, it applied to Gardiner, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Winchester. The objection was finally disposed of by Dr. Lingard, the Roman Catholic historian, whose judgment was as follows : — 'Is there any positive proof that he (Barlow) was no bishop? None in the 'world. All that can be said is, that we cannot find any positive register of his consecration. So neither can we of many others, particularly of Bishop Gardiner. Did anyone call in. question the consecration of those bishops on that account ? Why should we doubt the consecration of Barlow, and not that of Gardiner? I fear the only reason is this — Gardiner did not consecrate Parker, and Barlow .did.' Looking, then, at the Apostolic Succession as an historical fact, they were thankful to be assured that the Anglican Church possesses it, because it was in accordance with the testimony of ancient authors, such as Clement of Eome, Ignatius, Polycarp, Tertullian, Irenseus, and Cyprian, the writers who flourished nearest to apostolic times. The Church, then, clearly lays down the necessity of episcopal con secration or ordination for those who would minister in her com munion ; but Bhe observes a marked silence with respect to other bodies less perfectly organised. We may rjcompare her cautious language here with her words in the chapter1 on 'Ceremonies: Why some be Abolished and some Retained.' The chapter appears in our present revision at the beginning of the book ; but it is placed at the end of the first Prayer-book of Edward VI.: 'And in these our doings we condemn no other nations, nor prescribe anything, but to our own people only. For we think it convenient that every country should use such ceremonies as they shall think best to the setting forth of God's honour and glory, and to the ordering of the people to a most perfect and godly living, without error or superstition.' Now, the moderation and candour shown by the revisers of the Book of Common Prayer in 1661, with respect to the Apostolic Succession question, is the more remarkable when we bear in mind that a large proportion of them were High Churchmen. They belonged to a different school of thought from that of the great Keformation divines, such as Cranmer, Ridley, and, later on, Jewell and Hooker. The eminent Churchmen who mainly moulded the thought of the seventeenth century were such men as Andrewes (Bishop of Winchester), Laud (Arohbishop of Canterbury), Sanderson (Bishop of Lincoln), Cosin (Bishop of Durham), and Bramhall (Arch bishop of Armagh). Of these, Sanderson is believed to have written the new preface to the 1661 Prayer-book, beginning — ' It hath been the wisdom of the Church of England.' Thus the opinion of such men as these touching the question of the'- Succession, and of the necessity for it under all circumstances, is of exceptional importance. Let me first take Laud. When Laud was Bishop of St. David's, he held a celebrated conference (or discussion as we should call it) with Fisher, the Jesuit. He held his conference by command of King James I. , and afterwards published it. King Charles I. set so high a value on this book that he recommended it to his daughter Elizabeth — ' to ground her against Popery.' Laud deals in the book with the question of Succession. He writes as follows : — ' For succession in the general, I shall say this: It is a great happiness where it may be had visible and continued, and a great conquest over the mutability of this present world. But I do not find any one of the ancient fathers that makes local, personal, visible, and continued Succession a necessary sign or mark of the true Church in any one place.' Archbishop Bramhall, writing' against the Separatists in 1643, says — ' In a difference of ways, every pious and peaceable Christian will inquire which is the safest way. And seeing there is required to the essence of a Church — first, a pastor ; secondly, a flock ; thirdly, a , subordination of this flock to this pastor— where we are not sure that there is right ordination, what assurance have we that there is a Church ? I write not this to prejudge our neighbour Churches. I do not make this way to be simply necessary, but only show what is safest where so many Christians are of another mind.' ' The last witness whom I will bring forward is Bishop Cosin. Special weight must be attached to his judgment, because the Book , of Common Prayer in its present form, which the Church has now possessed for 236 years, is, as has been well said, ' his best memorial' ; for he was one of the foremost -? among those godly and learned men by whom it was brought into the form in which we now have it. In the year 1650, eleven years before the final revision, Bishop Cosin wrote a letter to a Mr. Cordel, who, being in France, hesitated to communicate with the French Protestants on the ground that ' they have no priests.' To thi3 objection Bishop Cosin thus replied: — ' Though we may safely say, and maintain it, that their ministers are not so duly and rightly ordained as they should be by those bishops of the Church who since the apostles' time have only had the ordinary power and authority to make and constitute a priest, yet that, by reason of this defect, there is a total nullity in their ordina tion, or that they be therefore no priests or ministers of the Church at all because they are ordained by those only who are no more but priests and ministers among them, for my part I would be loath to affirm and determine it against them. I conceive that the power of ordination was restrained to bishops rather by apostolical practice and the perpetual custom and canons of the Church than by any absolute precept that either Christ or His apostles gave about it.' The Apostolic Succession is sometimes compared to a chain. _ The disadvantage of this comparison is its suggesting the idea that if one link be missing, the chain is worthless. But I see no reason for thinking that a missing link here and there renders ordination invalid. The succession in question is not mechanical, but provi dential ; and our Lord's promise, ' Lo, I am with you alway, even unto theend of the world,' cannot be supposed to be rendered null and void because the register of a bishop's consecration happens to be lost. Let me now refer to the ' Form and Manner of Ordaining Priests,' as contained in the Book of Common Prayer : — After solemn prayer to the Holy Ghost, the Bishop lays his hand upon the head of the candidate, according to St. Paul's words to Timothy (2 Tim. i. 6) — ' Stir up the gift of God which is in thee, by the putting on of my hands.' In this act the priests present join, according to the same apostle's words (1 Tim. iv. 14)—' Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy with the laying-on of the hands of the presbytery.' 'r ' The Bishop then says — ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained.' These words convey to the ordinee the authority of the Church to pronounce absolution, or remission of sins, to all who repent and believe the Gospel. As a rule, this formal absolution is proclaimed to the congre gation generally ; but in special cases the ministry of reconciliation is to be applied to individuals — for example, to a person whose conscience is troubled with any weighty matter, and cannot otherwise find relief before coming to Holy Communion, and to a sick person if he humbly and heartily desires it. If anyone should say that this declaration of forgiveness, on condition of repentance, can be made by any Christian person without being ordained, I commend to him the fol lowing remark of Dean Goulhem, in his valuable commentary on the Communion office — 'Any true disciple of Christ may raise the drooping spirit of another by pointing him to those promises which assure pardon to the penitent. But if to the ordained minister, and to him alone, is committed the word of reconciliation, the minister alone can proclaim with authority the message of reconciliation. Others may tell it — may point it out in the Scriptures — he alone can. pronounce it ; such is the significant word employed in the Rubric. It is one thing that the news of an amnesty granted by a sovereign to a rebellious but subdued province should be blazed abroad among the people, find its way into public journals and become the subject of general conversation, and quite another that the ambassador should come into the market-place in his robes of State, and there, producing his credentials, should read the terms of the amnesty. The message may have reached the citizens through other channels, but the ambassador's appearance is a comfortable assurance of its reality. Now the Christian minister is the ambassador of Christ, and publishes the amnesty in his official character.' Besides the inward call of the Holy Ghost, which he trusted that he possessed when he was admitted to the diaconate, he holds the ecclesiastical authority transmitted to him through a long succession of bishops from the apostles' time. But the Church's Commission does not close with the words just commented upon. The Bishop proceeds thus — 'And be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God, and of His holy sacraments, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' At this point, the Bishop delivers to the ordinee the Bible into his hand, saying — ' Take thou authority to preach the Word of God, and to minister the holy sacraments in the congregation, where thou shalt be lawfully appointed thereunto.' It may be observed that the authority to minister the holy sacraments includes authority to refuse Holy Communion to unworthy persons,. as directed by the Eubrics at tbe beginning of the Communion, and to restore them if they repent ; and this power corresponds to the ' binding and loosing' of which our Lord speaks in St. Matt, xviii. 18. Perhaps enough has been said concerning the official authority committed to the priest at the time of his ordination. But that authority includes his pastoral work committed to him as a parochial clergyman. Thus, in the exhortation delivered by the Bishop to those about to be priested, he speaks as follows — 'We exhort you that you have in remembrance into how high a dignity, and to how weighty an office and charge ye are called — that is to say, to be messengers, watchmen, and stewards of the Lord, to teach and to premonish, to feed and provide for, the Lord's family ; to seek for Christ's sheep that are dispersed abroad, and for His children who are in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Christ for ever.' Oh ! what noble exponents of the value of Apostolic Succession would the. clergy of the Church of England have been, if in all cases we had risen to the high ideal set before us in our Ordinal ! It will be expected perhaps that, before concluding this address, I shall make some allusion to recent attempts to persuade the Pope to recognise Anglican Orders. It appears to me neither possible nor desirable that the Pope should do this. It is not possible, because by recognising Anglican Orders the Pope would stultify the action and policy of the Church of Rome for the last 300 years. It will be remembered that in the year 1895 the Pope addressed a letter, touching Eeunion, addressed ' to the English people,' thus ignoring the English GImrch altogether. He did not, and could not, recognise the Anglican Communion as a branch of the Catholic Church. Boniface VIII. , in his celebrated Bull ' Unam Sanctum,' lays down that there is but one Catholic Church, and of that Church but one head — namely, Christ, and Christ's Vicar Peter, and his successors ; and then the Bull proceeds thus — 'Moreover, we declare, affirm, define, and pronounce that it is absolutely necessary to salvation that every human creature should be subject to the Boman Pontiff.' Wow, if the Uhurcn of Jttome bad not laid claim to lniaiUDility, tne Pope might possibly recede from such a position as this. But since the time of the Vatican Council in 1870, the withdrawal from it would 'seem to be impossible. It seems to me utterly futile to expect that an infallible Pope can recognise Anglican Orders, seeing that the Anglican Church at the time of the Reformation cast off the Papal domination, and if the Pope were to consult me about it, I would say to him, ' Don't do it ; you will ruin your Church if you do.' (Laughter and applause.) But, further, even if it were possible for the Pope to recognise the validity of our Orders, I do not think that such a recogni tion as this would be desirable. If it were granted, the concession would, I fear, lead to concessions in return on our side — concessions * with respect to those great doctrinal differences from the Church of Rome which led to our separation from her in the sixteenth century. If, in return for the compliment paid us by the Pope in recognising Anglican Orders, it were decided to strike out of our 39 Articles the eleventh, ' of the justification of man' ; the nineteenth, ' of the Church,' in which the Church declares that ' the Church of Rome hath erred'; the twenty-second, ' of purgatory' ; the twenty- fifth, ' of the sacrarnents' ; the twenty-eighth to the thirtieth inclusive, ' of the Lord's Supper' ; and the thirty-first, ' of the one oblation of Christ finished upon the Cross' — what then? In that case, the great work of deliverance from the tyranny of the Bishop of Rome, . which was accomplished 350 years ago by the voluntary self-sacrifice of England's best and noblest sons, would be for ever undone. Quod Deus avertat ! (Applause.) 