A GREHAT WRON :f OR, THE NMYSTEIY OF BLACK 1OL. '"W" GBA2VGE., CHAPTER V~CT xIsm, - "He insulted me. and I stabbed him," she explained, as she turned toward the new. comer-"not seriously, however, as I struck him in the shoulder. I think he has fainted I" "No, I haven't," growled the wounded man, getting on his feet again; '' but you've given me an ugly w-ound, and I'll have your life for it." " Stand back, sir," thundterd the other man, his tall hlead towering above them. "If the wound was in your craven hcart,'twould serve you right. How dare you insult a woman 1" Then turning toward Lenore, he removed his Highland cap, and said : ' Lbeg~-ons pardon. madam,. If -therc-i any assistance I can render you, I am at your service." Something in the kingly form and massive brow, and in the deferential voice, inspired the girl with a feeling of confidence. "If you please, sir, put me in the right way to Piedmont Station," !she said, quietly. " Certainly; this way, if you please; Pied. mont lies to our-left;" he replied, bowing low before her, as he added, "Allow me to guidde you thither." He started on, and, without a word, Miss Trevethon walked by his side, leaving her wounded admirer standing in the moonlit path. His dark face grew fearfully threaten. rang as he gazed after her. "Anueye for an eye, a toothfor a tooth, a blow for a blow--that's my code," he mut. tored, his teeth set. "I'd know you in Itades, with your glittering eyes and yellow hair,my termagent, andti I'll hunt creation over, bue I'll find yeou and settle this score." Meanwhile Miss Trevethion accompanied her guide, until the lights of Piedmont twinkled through the gloom. iHe had not kelshofiWs'iiig-ie 'qiestiosi -efaltiva-to -her strange position. -Homerely-gave-her that courteous care which.ecry truemananwes to an unprotected woman, and the cirl's heart acknnwledged this chivalrous kindness with a thrill of admiring interest suchn as no other m an had ever awakened. "I see the train just coming," he remarked, -s they reached the platform. "We are just in time. Are you going far t" "Only to the next station, sir." "If you are at all afraid, and would like me todo so, I will cheerfully accompany you to your journey's end." Lenore smiled up at him, and put out her slim, whibo hanml, its diamonds and emeralds flashing in the light. "I thank you sincerely,sir, but there is no eeshcitly. I shall be quite safe, now, and I will not trespass upon your kindness any further. You have done me a great service, and I am grateful." He took the soft hand and bowed his hand. some head over it. "Oh, you are more than welcome I I only wrish I could further oblige you." _The train came steaming Jap.s "You are sure," he continued, "there is nothing more I can do for you ?" "Nothing, sir, thank you, unless you will tell me the name of the man who does not hesitate to pay due deference to a lady, ven if her position chances to be question. able." The towering head was bared again, and sowed before her. " My name is Ambrose Gerhart." "I shall not forget it, nor the service you nave done me," she replied, as he assited her on board the train. The carriage door closed, the engine ut. tered a sirick, ans flew on again; but stand. Ing in the moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face'and radiant eyes fromithe window, and once more lifted his cap. "She is some princess in disguise," he murmured. " A lady one can see at a glance,and as lovely as one dreams the angels srel There are no such women as she in my world I I wonder if I shall ever see her again 1" "' Hesighed as the red light on the rear of the flyingtrain faded in the distance, and the next moment broke into a laugh at his own folly. "What a fool I am," he muttered, "not to be content with what I've got I If one has the glow.worms, why should one pine for the stars? Ah, well, I won't stand here and dream; my good mother's oat-cakes will all spoil with waiting, and the lambs and kids are to be folded yet." He drew his Highland cap over his cluster. suglocks and strode on at a rapid pace. At the extreme edge of the Black Hollow, uelow the manor, he saw a strange figure ad rancing toward him in the moonlight-the figure of an old man, bent and stooping,with nead and beard like snow. " Who comes now ?" thought Ambrose. 'No such character as that inbabits these parts. Who canhe be l" " Hello I good father i" he exclaimed aloud, ' which way are you faring l" The old figure paused, and turned oan Ambrose a face that looked strikingly youth. Sul In contrast with his snowy locks. "I, sir ? Where am I going? Why, back to Moreton Ifouse, to be sure l Did they oend you to hurry me? I've overstayed my time, I confess." "No, sir, no one has sent for you I I merely asked which way you were going; you look as if you might be a stranger here abouts." The old man stroked his rippling white Deard, and laughed a soft, musical laugh. "Do I? Ah, well, I suppose I am a stranger; this is an odd world, and it puzzles me. Yes, yes, I'm a stranger. I've been stopping at the old manor yonder." " What? The haunted manor?" "The haunted manor, sir, making the ghosts a visit. I'm not afraid of them." "And what may your name be, sir? if you'll allow me to ask.' " My name, young sir? Well, they call me King Lear at the ?foreton House, andi that'l! d for you. I had anothername once but no matter. When the time comes you shall hear it. Some folks call mea lunatic; do you think I look like one 1" "I think you look like a gentleman. I should take you for one of the old lords that used to live up yonlder." "Woulh you, now? Ha nhaI hal lWhat an observing young man you are. And your face, Heaven bless me, where have I seen you before 1" "Ithink this is our first meeting, King Lear." "Will you smile again, if you please, young man 1" Ambrose saowaed all his white teeth. " Good heavens, what a likeness I I never saw suche a likeness. The very smile, and a olear-cut, manly face. Young sir, will you tell me your name ?" "Ambrose Gerhart, sir." "And you live in these parts 1" "In the cottage below there. Suppose you go down with me; the night is advanced, and I must hurry on, or my good mother's oat cakes will spoil with waiting." "Nay, thanking you all the same, but I must turry on. 1 am going back to the M?oreton House, and l'veoverstayed my time now. I only rsn down once in a while to look after the old house. It is going to ruin sadly, and it breaks my hieart to see it. But as soon as I get affairs untangled, and secure the ruins again, and between us young man, I was a fool to let them slilo,. I'll hold fast and then I shall hare the Grange repaired and thrown open for visitors. I shall be glad to see you. Ir. Gerhart, for I'm particu larly struck with your face. No doubt you've heard of the Trevethons ?" "Oh, yes, sir; I've seen Sir Geoffrey Tre. vethon I" t'IndeedI May I ask when and where l" "At Lyndith Hall, where he now lives. "Sir Geoffrey Treedleon? Mr. Oerhart, are you sure you saw im ?n" " I am indeed." ' Sir GCeoffrey I We!l, bless mysoul, this ID a odd world I You saw Sir G(eoher 1? arevettlon at Lyndith Hall I" Amnbrose smiled at what he believed to be h naffi-h?fnr-ve aries. "I celtainlv saw him at Lynditb IHall. About two years aRo I went neross with a trove of cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, and a very pleasant and hospitable gentleman be c?." " No doubt. Ha I ha I ha I the best jake af the season that. I really think, MIr. Ger nart, we shall be compelled to have j?a at Storeton IIouse. You sorelv belong there. Ilut, bless my soul, I must hurryon I Good. aightp? hall look to see you-when-I-open :bhe Grange." " Well," mused Ambrose, watching him as ne disappeared, "the last wonder is greater than the first. Who can hie be? A mad. man, of course; but he lihas the air of a gentleman. CHAPTER VII. AN EMBARRASSIONG RECOGIuTION. Miss Trevethon sat in the breakfast parlor of the Highland Inn, on the morning follow. ing her wild adventure, a trifle pale, a little more subdued an Il thoughtful than was her wont, but imperially calm and self-coo. tained. \--She wa tdeesdo in amorrin-goraeal crivsi muslin, with an uncut book in her fairlhand. and her eyes bent upon the blue peaks tha. lay beyond the open window. Sir Gceofrey, fresh and genial afterhis day at deer-stalking came in. "Lenore, my dear, how fresh and fair you look. This highland air agrees with you. Puar by your book a minute, please; I come with news for you. "Nows again. sir Geoffrey? Pray, what is it this time 1" " News again, my dear-the best of news; and, as you dislike guessing, I'll reveal it at once. lMyson, Richmond, reached the lodge last night." For one swift instant Miss Trevethon's imperial calm was disturbed. She started slightly and bit her lips;-- The-news-of tbIho return of her betrothed was not at all wel. come. But in the next breath she was her queenly self again. ' lie has come at last, then," she re sponded. "* At last," Sir Geoffrey continued. " He arrived at Lyndith Hall only a day or two after oar departure, andt came onat once to oin us, lb7it, unfortunately, lost liis way, and lit hirgit-C mi-erwith an hecident. -"An.accident--? - " Yes; but pray do not be alarmed, my dear; there is nothing serious." Miss Trevethon's laugh was by no means flattering to the baronet. "Dear me, Sir Geoffrey, I am not at all alarmed," she answered, lightly; "and, beg ging your pardon, not much concerned. But what was the nature of the accident, and how did it happen 1" Sir Geoffrey's brow contracted in an omi nous frown, but he answered, quite plea?. santly : "He was attacked on the bighway, and he received a wound in the shoulder, not seri. ous, as I said, but quite painful; and as he shows some disposition to fever, the phy sician enjoins entire quietude, for a day or two at least. Naturally, my dlear, he is quite impatient to see you, and, fearing lie may rebel against orders, I am here to beg that you will do me the favor to walk over to tne lodge." The young lady arches her haughty brows. "You want me to go and see Richmond? That's what you mean, isn't it,Sir Geoffreyr" she questions. " Precisely, my dear." " VWell, I'm sorry to disoblige you, but since the young man has been so very tardy about his return from abroad, I must beg leave to decline the honor of running down to welcome him. If there is danger ofdeath I'll go, otherwise we can await his reco-. very." She rises and walks over to the window with the air of a born queen. Her guardian's eyes follow her with a look that leads one to think that under the velvet glove he weans is thle iron hand, strong and merciless when the occasion requires. But he answers pleasantly: "As you will, my dear; but the poor fellow will be disappointed." "He won't break his heart, Sir Geoffrey," she replies. She watches the blue hills with weary eyes as he leaves the room, her thoughts going back to the old manor and to her ad. ventures of yesterday, and, for the first time in her life, she shudders with disgust at the thought of her formal marriage with this long absent Richmond. "At last l" she murmured, "at last I He is here, and my freedom will soon end. I wish to HIeaven I were dead, and lying in thle Ilack Hollow by my poor mother's side." Two days went by before the baronet's son was able to leave his room, so painful were the effects of his wound; and in all that time Miss Trevethon did not once visit the lodge. Lady Halstead tried persuasions and severe wordls, but the young lady was not to be moved. Go to see hier future hea. band she would not; but the tiny ring, the symbol of their chiltish marriage, still hung in her bosom, and she had no thought of dis obeying her father's will. On the third day the young man received permission to go out; and, as may be imag. Ined,?hs tirst visit was tohis cousin. Clotilde announced Geoffrey and his son, and then directly withdrew. With high-bred composure, but with a secret flutter at her heart, Miss Trevethon arose to receive her bridegroom. " Hy dear Lenore, here he is at last,"cried the baronet, "this laggard lover of yours,antd I only hope you'll give him his deserts. Come, -ou do not need to be introduced" miss trevcrnoen nows, ana ne young man advances; then both stand and stare for a few moments in petrified amazement. " IIeavens above I" ejaculates Richmond, at last breaking the embarrassing silence, a curious expression crossing his swartny face. Lenore says nothing, but her eyes darken, and her red lips settle in a determined line. " Well, my dears, why don't you shake hands 1" cries the astounded baronet. Richmond reddens, hesitates, and then ad vances with proffered hand. IHow are you. Cousin Lenore. I am very glad to see you!" Shle waves away his offered hand, and throws up her graceful head. "I cannot touch your hand, sir. Stand back, if you please," she says, her voice like a flute. "You are the man who was cow. ardly enough to attack an unprotected woman when she asked a simple civility of you I Do you not know me, sir? Abh I see that you do, Sir Geoffrey I" turning to her guardian, hier face all aglow with indigna tion. "IHear me I had nointention of tel ling you of my escapade, but I will. The day you went on the deer hunt I ran away from I:lotilde andi made a visit to Black Hollow Grange. Do not look so incredulous. I did I It is only natural that I should want to see the place where my parents were mur. dered." Sir Geoffrey's face grows as white as death, and his eyes resemble those of a blooduthirsty beast, but his ward goes fear. lesly on. "I was in the old house, and had quite a strange adventure, which belated me, and, en my return, I lost my way. I encountered the man who stands before me, and asked him to put me in the right road, and he basely insulted me l Lethim deny it if he dare; Sir Geoffrey, you are mistaken your. self, or you are trying to impose on me. T?,al man is not your sns ; he is not a Treve thon I No man, with a single drop of Treve. thon blood in his veins, would be sucha das. tard as to insult a woman I" The baronet cowers away from her blazing eyes with the face of a man convicted of some shameful crime; but his son pushes farward, his swarthy face flushing hot with anger. " Yes, I am his son," he retorts, his white teeth zet hard together; "III am his son, and, what is more, tam yotr h-usband, ny fiery beauty ; and you'll do well to curb that sharp tongue elof yours." "My husband 1 Ilear the lunatic I He calls himself my husband," laughs Lenore. Richmond Trevethon looks at her fair, de. fhant face with eyes that glow wit monglea anger and admiration. e' our husband, yes," he repents,-" by-a marriage in our childhood; by your dead father's command." The room rings with her scornful laughter. " Our marriage in childhood was no mar. ringe at all," she answers ; "and if my dead father should rise from the grave and com. maod me to marry you I would refuse. Dis obedience may be a sin, but to mate withl one like you would be rushing madly to secure.. life of misery." \- ious- r 'n't--speak-rashly ; youtll repen'- of such bitter woro;s by and by,'" he sas, ns. sanming a conciliatory manner and attecipa ingto take Iher haud. L" liow couldl.l. evec dream of meeting you at ucii an hoiLr and in such'a p!ace ? Yoffi'nust' forgti'"than foolish encounter."' "Ishall never forget it,' sir," shs;criesa. recoiling from. his, touch with. undisguised horror and naiveiosioii. " os i matter wihetli you knew me ir fnot, I was a 'wotn'h, and I asked a kindness at your hands:and ?lyo s.. suited me. The vilest manothas-livedl could do noworse than that. Stand Lack, sirt.; o not venture near me. 'I' hae my k'litus weapon still, and the next blowmniay strisce home." She draws a jewelled dagger fromi,he ibueo~nost Soo~eait Lbce ulois'ycs.Jbei s~ baok-griodinng oat brtiiait- beacih:le-ewec, et teeth. " "Come, come," cries Sir Geoffrey, coming forward,"this;will never do, Lcnore, me dear, put up yourdagger 'it l'n tager?lSes toy, and I must beg that you wvill cease. cdaii. ing it. Do not be ride'my son, Ibeg of you. You two cannotafford to quarrel!',. "Yes, we can,' interposes. Lenore ; ?' we can afford to quarrel ard to part. Ylo may go, sir," bowing to her lover with imperial scorn;" them is no need that you and I sabouldever meet nagaln.", .i -, i "Yes, there is, by George," the young maon bursts forth. "Lust night s account is tlobe settled yet, and '11 settle it with a vngesene, too, when the time comes.": is father-takeshis arn?andnpshe?sIs aside. "Richmond, be silent I'' he commands "leave the matter to me. Lenre,'my detir, you must remember-" She cuts him short with a gesture of ima. perious disdain. "No need to remember, Sir Geoffrey,"'she cries; "less need to waste your breath. Hear me aniithif havu 'done wittiit.A-a.i &my; life my intention has been to abide by the letter of my father's wit ralmeake~odmy childish marriage with 3our son; but seeing him now as I do, a man weose face betrays his habits, a nman who does not scruple to in sult anunprotected womtan, I would die a score of violent deaths rather than become' his wife. The Trevethon heritage must 'go, my poor father's will must be disregarded. Of the two evils I choose the lesser one. You have my decision in regard to the matter, Sir Geoffrey, and I bid you goobd. morning." She makes them a graceful obeisance, and sweeps from the room like and empress. Father and son stand face to face for afall, minute. "Well 1" questioned the baronet then- - "She shall be my wife," replies the son,: his dark face flushing hotly;" and oncea mine I'll pay her with Interest for all this." "She'llpay you,you mean," retorts Sir Geoffrey. "She's more than a match for you,; you bungling idiot. If you had harkened to meshe might have been your wife twelve months ago." . "That may be, but she shall be mine,' nevertheless. Iswore to have my revenge: the night the stabbed me. Curse her, I doubly swear it now." His father seizes him by the collar and, gives him a vicious shake. "Silence, you fool." he thnnderc. "Yon'll ruin everything with your infernal temper. Let your revenge rest. To secure the Treve. then wealthl is our object. Don't forget the very bread we eat comes from this girl's bounty, and even your income is:oft her' giving. Let her slip and we are both beg-. Ian." CHAPTER VIII. THE WAR BEGINS. Lenore sat at the window of her chamber at Lyndith Hall, near the close of a stormy day, gazing far out at the angry waves beat-. ing on the shore. "Never cross a bridge till you come toit," she mused, bending her pensive eyes upon the tossing waves. "Sir Geoffrey and his son make no allusion to this hateful mar. riage, and why should I? I earnestly hope they have accepted my decision and made up their minds to abide by it, but I fear it- is not so. It will behard with Sir Geoffrey to lose his lion's share of my fortune. I have a fancy that there's trouble ahead. I think my worthy guardian's face suggests some. thing thatisn't exactly quite submission. "' Well, sullicient unto the day is the evil thereof. When I get nearer to my twenty. first birthday it will be quite time enough to give the unpleasant affair my serious atten. tion. Marry that wretch I never will. Ah, what a dreadiul mistake my poor father made when hesuffered that childishmarriage togo on I "And yet," she added, taking the tiny ring from her bosom, "Icannot bear to take this little trinket off. I eannot help regarding that marriage of my childhoodwhich my mother and father witnessed and sanctioned, as something sacred and binding, and which I dare not repudiate. And yet I can never becec Re:lchmond Trevethon's wife. Woo ever mortal woman in such a straight be. fore 1" With a moan of anguish she bowed her head upon her folded arms, and her thoughts soon drifted from her trouble to thalt subject which so frequently engrossed them- the mystery of Black Hollow Grange. A double mystery it had become since her eventful visit to the old manor; and the re. membrance of that ghostly face which peered down upon her haunted her waking bours and filled all hier dreams. Was it a ghostly thing from the land of shadows or a living, human face 1 She was resolved to know. and yet she could not summon courage sflicient to make a second visit to the manor. To speak to her guardian was out of the question; and when on one or two occasions she begged Clotilde to accompany her, and related to her the events of herfoirmer-risit5 the-woman- trembled with terror. "Ask me to die for you Miss Lenore, and I'll do it willingly, bui do not ask me to go near the accursed place." Hence, Miss Trevethon brooded over the mystery, anl deferred her second visit, until a most absurd idea got possession of her mind. She fancied that her father might have been shut up in the old house, and that it was his living face e she sawsy, The idea was certainly an absurd one, but it so possessed her, and her desire to solve the mystery be. came so great, that she determined to write a letter to Ambrose Gerhart, and beg him to assist her. She remembered his name well, and his handsome face and courteous bearing even better: she recalledt also the mention the peasant woman made of him, as being the only person who had ever dared to venture within the I oaunte-:Manor, If-any-one could assisther this man could; so the young lady put aside all scruples, and wrote him a frauk letter, disclosing the fact that she was the dlaughter of the missing baronet and the murdered lady, and begging him to assist her in solving the mystery which hung over her father's name. She directed her letter to Piedmont Station. and awaited an answer with feverish impatience. " Two weeks have passed since the letter went, and surely I shall soon get ananswer," she thought, as the dusk of the wintry twi. light began to gather round her. (To be co:tinard.) St. Peter (to applicant) : ",You say yen were an editorial writer onea newspaper 2" Applicant : "Yes, sir," pleae."eter ." p ita -th eevaty- Applicant (stepping into the elevatorl:: '' low soon does it go up I" . . 1 St. Poter: "It doesa't'go op, it goes duwn."" Priinted and published by the Proprietors, KAIn & Teousoe, at their Ofce, 168 4 qq eeqentertrett, lorth Melbboure, TPL~pyorr 181, 