A LEADER OF HEN. AN AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. CHAPTER XXI. (continued). The Wanderings op Jim Butters. 11 But, my dear fellow, you'll have all the hard work and all the privations, and I shall be com fortably travelling miks away from you." " That's got nothing to do with it. You'll have given me my start. Don't say anything more. You either agree to my terms or I wont have your money. That's flat." "I don't like it," grumbled Jim. " I wanted to do you a good turn, and I didn't expect to get anything out ef it." "Good Lord, you talk as if I was rolling in dollars already. Well that's gocd talk anyway. It chips in with my notions. We'll draw up the document right away. I'll sign it, and then you can hand over the twenty pounds." " Make it thirty," pleaded Jim. " Not a farthing more than twenty. If I can't get on with that I'll never get on at all. I might just as well start with the eighteen pence, and, by jove, I'll do it too if you rile me any more." Masters was as good as his word. He drew up an agreement in which be represented Butters as a partner to share equally with him in any dis coveries he might make. He signed it in a scrawling hand, for penmanship was not one of his strong points, and heaved a sigh of satisfaction. "That's done," he said, "and I feel all the better for it, though I'd have kept my word even if I hadn't signed." Jim made a gesture as if he would destroy the paper, but his partner sternly interfered. " No you don't," he cried, " or I wont have the money. Twenty pounds. Gosh, it's a lump of coin to be carrying about in a strange country." " Wait till you've got twenty thousand," laughed Jim, and Masters joined him in sympathy. At Albany the friends parted. "Good-bye, mate," said Masters, "I've got the money ail right., and when you come back in six months look me up and see what sort of a dividend I've got for you." " Never fear," Jim replied, " if you're in Perth six monttis hence I daresay I shall tumble up against you." " Why, what should I be doing in Perth V queried the other. " Oh making anrangements for the sale of your mines," was the reply. Then they shook hands warmly and parted with a regret unexpressed, but deep. Jim had now quite regained his usual tempera amenfc and made friends among all the passengers. He was foremost in the amusements that were originated, he only smiled when he was the subject of a practical joke, and the ladies all said of him that " when he laughed he was decidedly handsome." He had but the vaguest ideas as to the character of his wanderings. He had left Australia hoping to find a cure for heartache, and he had hardly been a week at sea before he was almost longing to he back again. If Lilian could not be his wife he could at all eventR enjoy the privilege of her friendship. Such imaginings did not augur well for an extended stay in the old country, and though an English maiden who was returning to her home solemnly assured Jim that he could not possibly " do " England under twelve months, Jim shook his sunny curls and announced that one month would probably satiate him with English sight-seeing, a heresy for which he was scarcely forgiven for a whole day. The voyage, however, was decidedly pleasant, and when the vessel arrived in the Thames Jim was almost sorry to part with his fellow pas sengers. His popularity was testified to by the pressing invitations he received to visit certain of them at their homes, but he managed to excuse himself by averring that his movements were too problematical to permit of his making any definite engagements. And so they said good-byes, and Jim f.uud himself a unit of London's six millions of peep'e. It matters not to the reader what Jim thought of London. He made the usual frantic attempt to see all the sights in the shortest possible space of time, vuth the result that he returned to his hotel each night thoroughly tired out. He began to be cynical too, and bis remarks concerning Westminster Abbey would have shocked the dignitaries of the sanctuary and ought, to have led to the extermination by the ghosts of the departed great of this presumptuous stranger from Aus tralia. Jim had not a great deal of sentiment in his composition. His experiences as a reporter had made him terrible material in most of his reasoning. He looked at the Tower of London with a reportorial eye a» tnough he would be presently required to describe its majesty within the limits of a half column article. Statues of great men only bored him, because the thought would intrude itself that it was a necessary adjunct to inspection that he should study and write up the lives of the great men. He dis covered himself trying to calculate the number of people in Piccadilly at a certain time with a view of commencing a newspaper paragraph in the stereotyped way:—" About 20,000 people assembled in, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; " And so was it with the places of amusement. Instead of attending them to enjoy himself he unconsciously assumed the role of a critic—critics are oftentimes very young in Australia—and thus all possibility of pleasure soon vanished. He quickly tired of London, and then followed journeys into the country, and the beautiful g?een of England^ leafy lares did offer some compensation for his ten thousand miles of travelling. But he was becoming thoroughly homesick. The unwonted sight of an Australian newspaper in his hotel gave him such a longing for bright skies and a genial sun that he was fain to be off at once. He read of the wonderful discoveries of gold made in West Australia with amazement, and he wondered what sort of luck Masters was having. A paragraph concerning the Imperial Opera Company set him thinking about Lilian. Then he came across an advertisement which startled him. It was eulogistic of the curative powers of " Liverine," and the proprietors were represented to be Stammers and Denton. Was it Tom? Yes it must be. The address was the same, and it was hardly possible he thought for there to be two persons of such an uncommon name as Stammers in the same town. Besides was not Denton a^friend of Tom's—Denton, whom he remembered as a dark and enthusiastic chemist's assistant. Jim felt himself woefully out of his little world. He wanted to be amongst his friends again. Yet he was a young man of some resolution, and he knew that if he returned to Australia without having visited most of the historic places usually patronised by excursionists to the old country he would only excite the ridicule of his acquaintances. So he accepted friendly advice, went hither and thither, took a run up to Scotland, spent a few days in Ireland, and then felt that his mission had been practically accomplished. With the help of guide books and some shorthand notes he was confident that he would be able to give something like a coherent account of his journeyings. He secured his passage, arranged to join his vessel at Naples, slipped across the channel to Paris, where his spirits certainly underwent much elevation, and at length to his intense happiness found himself on board an Orient liner "and on his way back to the land of his birth. Jim was the life and soul of the second saloon. All his depression had vanished. He was like a schoolboy released from school after an unusually arduous day. He romped about the deck, he invented new games, he improvised entertain ments in which he himself performed in a variety of ways, and in fact displayed so much good humor and adaptability to circumstances that when the ship arrived at Albany everybody expressed a wish that the voyage had been longer. At all events they saw Jim leave the steamer with sorrow, and the men cheered and the women waved tbeir handkerchiefs in token of their good will. To get to Perth was now Jim's sole anxiety. He would carry out that part of his contract with Masters, and then he would hie eastwards as fast as steam could convey him. He had built up no expectations regarding his acquaintance of three days. Masters might have had a slire of luck. There was no reason why he should not be among the fortunate ones and perhaps he might have scraped up a few hundreds of pounds which would prove the foundation of his fortunes if he were not tempted to go straight away to his Polly. It was of course quite on the cards that Masters might not be in Perth. The poor fellow might be still earning a precarious living on the goldfields or—for typhoid had been terribly prevalent—he might have died before the accomplishment of his hopes. Should he not be in Perth Jim made up his mind that he would journey to the fields to search for him and see whether his assistance was in any way required. The westfn capital was crowded. Speculators, miners, clerks, swagmen, all classes in fact were pouring in almost daily from the east, and the hotels were full. Jim wandered round from one hostelry to another and sought for a room ia vain. No one took any particular notice of him. They were all to busy either making or spending money. Nothing but champagne would suit the digger who had made his pile. He gulped it down in tumblers, and he invoked all and sundry to join him in his potations. Yery often a bottle of champagne was opened and its contents spilled on the floor. Some foolish fellows, aping the ways of olden Bendigo, lighted their pipes with five-pound notes, an operation which warranted the sugges tion of the cynic that they would probably end their days in the Destitute Asylum. Others spent unlimited money on articles of jewellery, and bestowed them on the first giil or woman who captivated their fancy. It was a fete of Mammon. King Midas was triumphant. Gold blinded the eyes of the people to aught else. It was the one great power, sought for, prayed for, worshipped. The scenes impressed Jim curiously, but he was glad to get out into the fresh air. His quest for lodgings had been hopeless, and he was just wondering what next he should do when he felt a tap on the shoulders, and turning suddenly found himself face to face with Masters. (To be continued) 