The Soul of Kathleen. COMPLETE STORY 1 by Q. J. J-Sar&'reaves, Author of "Friond or Traitor," "Tho Glioat of Mary Thorpe, &o.;" corvniaiiT. Tlio train had como to n standstill insido ono of tho liuihorous tunnels which soon to cut tho Midland lino through Dorhyshiro into sections, and which are a constant sourco of irritation to tlio luckless travollor, to whom wild bounty of soonevy searcoly compensates for tho jolting, noisy rattlo of tho train us it plunges in mid out of theso dttrk yawning mouths. Anthony Grieg, passenger by this belated train, flung .down" his nowspapor with a littlo oxclumution of impiitionco. Tho light in tho oarriugo was very pool' ; ho could not soo to road. It wus had enough enduring tho discomfort of these tunnels, but when the truiu wus nctuully brought to a standstill in 0110 of tlicm, and — as was tho present caso — showed no signs of moving out again, then Griog considered ho had a right to fool iiggriovod. His reflections were not ploiisnnt ones cither. Futo lmd ljncn unkind to Anthony, uud witii what lio had saved from tlio wreck of a former fortune lio was now oil his way to rough it in Australia, and if possiblo carvo out a future for liimsolt'. IIo leaned his head against tiio window of tlio carriage, staring absently into tho murky darkness outsido, which oamo thickly up against tho panes liko a cloud of dingy fog. Then suddonly iio started back, an un pleasant sensation thrilling liim from hoild to foot. For a second surely thoro lmd been pressed against tho pano a small white faco, with a pair of hunted iiaif-fninisiied oyos, which hud met his full and straight, liko a glance from another world. It vanished uttorly, complotely. For tho moment Grieg fancied that his brain must liavo played liiin false— it was u trick of tho imagination, a more vision, a phantasy, aiillcd up by his anxious ovor-wrouglit stato of mind. Still tho vision lmd seamed rciil onougli. A second lutor ho pulled himsolf togotliar with a muttered nuatlicma ut his own folly. Griog hnd plenty of common scuso, und ootirago too, hut tlio oxporionco was nn unpleasant one, mid lio wus ulono in tho curringo. For his own satisfaction lio must sift this mystery, and fully on tho nlort now, was not likely to bo tukon at a disiidvnntaero. Loworiug tlio window with a sharp rattlo, ho loaned out, looking cngorly up and down tho lino. Tlio ciigino was screaming shrilly ahead. Then quito suddenly ho beenmo awnro of a woman's figure crouched on tlio footboard, clinging dospoiatoly to tlio little rail above hor. Griog rubbed his oyes, still fancying himsolf tlio victim of u delusion, hilt a second later a voiuo floated up to him— a low, piteous, agonised voioo. " If you havo any morcy, tako mo in, liolp mo; I um desporato." Griog pulled opon tlio door. Ho was spoooliioss from astonishmont. What in ull creation could tho woman ho doing thoro? Woman indeed ! A poor, thin slip of a girl, with u wliito, torror- striokon fuoo, and a pair of big gray eyes, which glanced from sido to sido liko some hunted tiling at hay. Ho had pulled hor into tho -compartmont witii somo difficulty, for sho soemcd bo- numbed with cold, nnd now tlioy stood storing at ono anotlior in tho half light, silent still ; only tlmt shrill soreain of tho ongino was wliistliug on ahead. Griog was tlio first to speak. " What brought you horo ? " ho demanded, ouitly, his oyo taking in every dotoil of tlio littlo bluo sorgo-olud- figure, destitute of oither wrap or hat. Tlion sho burst into a pnssion of tears, and crouching down in a corner of tho carringo, rooked to nnd fro in her misory. Griog, who novor at any timo could hear to soo a woman in distress, sat down bosido her, trying for somo timo in vain to olicok hor sobs nnd learn tlio reason of this unexpected apparition. Bit by hit at Inst tho story cinno out, and a highly improbable ono it sounded— at least at tlio first blush — but, after a whilo, Griog felt inclined to givo credence to it. Sho hud osoapod, so she frankly confossod, from somo liouso in tho nature of a lunatio asylum, situiitodatalittlodistiiiicofromthotun- 110I iu which Griog hud disoovorcd her. Slio hud avoided detection by tlio platelayers, and sinco quito onrly in tho morning lmd boon urouohing in its dark recesses, hoping that by somo lucky clmnco u train might bo dolnyed horo, and givo hor tho opportunity to got into it unseoii. Slio hud not dared to go to tlio station for four of discovery. Grieg wiltohod hor koonly, Onco tho girl rogainod somo solf-control, her story was coherent onougli, nnd question as ho might lio could not shako it. "You toll mo," bo said, slowly, " you toll mo that you nro quito suuo, and that your incarceration in tho asylum was tho outcome of some ovil person's rovongo. If I am to help you, I must know moro than this." Sho blushed tliou ; blusliod a vivid sonrlot over lior palo faco., " It oun do no good to toll," sho oxolaiinod distressfully. " I must know," ho insisted. Sho gliuiocd up at him, thon away, and suddonly Griog awakened to tho fuofc that dospito lior pallor and oxhanstion this olf from tho dingy tunnel was a vory pretty girl. "I havo beon living for throe yours with my cousin," sho murmured at last in ovidont ombarrassmout. "Yes." "Tlion somo timo ago— six months por- , haps— I don't know, I liavo lost count of tlio wooks— sho died; I had no otlior home to wliioh I could go, 110 friends, or relations, and thoy had ulwuys boon vory kind to mo." Tho girl paused, and thou wont on despe rately i — " I stayed on for some weoks, holping tho housekeeper, until 0110 day my cousin's hus band " " Oh, yos, I undoratand now,", said Griog, with a sudden burst of rago. " Ho— 110 wanted to marry mo ; and I linto him— oh, how I linto him. And I was frightened, too, beeauso there was no homo for mo nnyivlioro. Ho locked mo in my room — bruto — and tho housekeeper would' not liolp mo. Always, always, I said I would not mnrry liim. I tried to oscnpo, hut I was caught. Thou 0110 day a friond of liis, a dootor, eanio und triad to prove I wus insuuo. Inuuno!" tho girl laughed bitterly. No wondor. I was insauo and desporato. Thoy drugged my food, I thiuk, und then I was taken to a madhouse, a dreadful house . " She broko. off and- gave a littlo shudder. "Ah, it seomsliko n hideous dream. but what must I do now P " sho put out lior hands with an uppoaling gesture, puthotio, utterly holpless, " In all tho world I linyo no friouds, not 0110. I wiBli that in tho tunnol I had been killed— only it was so horriblo, liorriblo, waiting thoro— suoh a hideous dentil !" " Hush, hush," said Grieg, gently. Thon ho was silant a moment. Tlio train had begun to movo rapidly out of tho tutmol ; at tho noxt stopping-phico lliis littlo waif was almost certain to ho discovered. "Kathleen your liutno is Kathleen, you toll mo— has it struck you that in ull probability tlioy may liavo telegraphed to tlicso intermediate sta tions to havo you detained ?" Hor oyos grow suddonly wido witii horror ; sho niaio a littlo movement as if slio would again liavo dashed tlio door open. Griog put his arm ubout lior, swinging lior back into tho seat as if sho had boon tlio morost baby. "Listen," lio said, peremptorily. " I will savo you." Ho no longer doubted tlio girl's story. Hor sanity, dospito tlio natural ex citement and terror undor wliioli sho laboured, was evidont enough. " Will you plaoo your solf unreservedly in my hands ? " Sho gavo liim a long intent look. Grieg's honest faco and kindly oyos could but inspire confidonco. "Yes, I can trust you," slio said,- gripping hor hands tightly to still thoir nervous tromblimr. " Wo aro nenring Loxlmra, now," ho con tinued. " This is tho junotiou preooding it. Put on my cap — I havo a lint in tho rack, and it would look suspicious for you to ho without. I Bliall covor you with this rug, and romombor — you nro asleep. Leuvo llio rest to mo, nnd don't bo friglitoncd. I oxpcot tho curriagc will ho searched here." Tho train was now almost in tlio station. Tlio short Docombor day was fast drawing to a oloso. Perhaps this friendly durkucas would shield thorn somewhat. Griog put his arm about tho girl, drawing bur prolty lioad on to liis sliouldor. Slio mudo a littlo movement 11s if to ropnlso him, hut ho hold hor fast. "Quiot, for ybur life, " lie muttered. Tho young mun hnd scon what sho had not, thnt at tlio foot of a flight of stops, which gfivo ogress'from this not vary important Btation, stood 11 policeman, stationed thoro with intent to carefully scvutiuiso all passengers who alightod from tho train. A fow seconds of intolerable .suspense, thon tho door hurst sud donly opou, and tlio tickot- collootor appeared. With him was another man, whoso koon oyes took nu instant aurvoy of tho carriage. " Wo havo recoivcd a wire from Hitchnm to ho 011 tho lookout for uu escaped fomnlo lunatio," said tho collcotor, explaining. "Short, slight, fair, wears a bluo dress. Seon anyone answering to that description, tirP " Griog shook his head. Tlio girl beside him scarcely moved. "No," lio said. " I and my wifo havo hnd this compartment to ourselves most of tho way." A momont later tlio door hanged. Thoy woro again alone. Tho danger was pnst. "Now you aro nil right," said Griog, on- courugingly. " Wc got ovor that vory woll." But ho sxioko to oinpty ours. Kathleen had fainted itwuy in Ills arms. Tho rosoue of a fricndloss unprotected damsol has, 111 spite of its romantic flavour, a corresponding degroo of disadvantage, and when a fow hours lator Anthony Griog reached London with his bodiless chnrgo, whoso pro longed fainting fit had loft her wouk und spout, ho was at liis wits' ond what to do for tho best. His own position was a paouliar ono. Of relations I10 hud none, of friouds fow. Thoro wus 110 houso to which lio could take tlio girl for shatter; sho wus in hor prosont stato absolutely incnpablo of managing for herself, imd hor wistful trusting dopcudcnco upon him roused nil tlmt was chivalrous in tho mail's nature. True, there woro shelter homes and frioiidly societies lmdor whoso proteotion lio could pcrhnxis . liavo placed hor, but nil odd disinclination to tako suoli a stop opposed Griog every timo wlion this nltornntivo occurred to liim. Sho seemed somohow to bo his own x>coiiliur xn-operty, and 110 would not lightly givo hor up. Ho had plucod hor, until somothing could bo arranged, 111 a small, cheap, but rosprictoblo hotel 111 tho Strand. His own plan to loavo England in a fortnight's timo admitted of no alteration, and tlio days slipped rapidly away. L'horo remained but this unp„ alternative, a mad ono tho world would say— to marry ICatlileon, and tuko hor with liim. Was it much wondor that tho girl horsclf, nroutid whoso short lifo so littlo affection lind centered, should yiold glndly to his tcudor ontrentios ? Passion sometimes, nay often, grows npaoo. It needed no wooks of long duration to couvinco Grieg that ho loved lier. "And you do beliovo it is not only from gratitude that I would selfishly tuko your lovo and protection, heeauso I stand so sorely in uood of thorn, that I will marry you?" whispered Kathleen, shyly, whon lio wooed hor with tlio passionate fervour of a man who has found tho losson of lovo an oasy ono to lourn. " Thoro is another reason. I will lrn your wifo, hocauso ." "You lovo mo also," lio said, tondorly. Ho wis happy, triumphant ; although tho future wns not gilded by fortune. Such for- tuno us thoy could ovor "liavo liis own strong arms must work for. " But you will not mind that," I10 said, kissing her. "Wo can faco oven povorty together, dearest, and I will mako a homo for you, novor fear." Mnoh lator on tlio samo ovoning whioli hnd witnessed this plodging of tlioir livos togothor, como weal coma woe, Anthony Grieg wns seated in his bedroom at tho hotol, immersed in eorrespondoneo. Full of husinoss, his thoughts woro not ovon just thon ivitli Katliioon ; hut suddenly I10 lookod up and confronted a vision so unoxpootod yot so lifo- liko, tlmt his vory senses roolod, und liis hoart stood still. There lmd boon 110 sound of oponing door, or stop, or rustlo, and yot boforo him, with features pnlor than ovon ho had scon thorn in lifo, with piteous gray oyos full of wistful cntrcnty, and if ourious blurred indistinctness about fuoo und figure, stood Kathloon. Ono littlo thin iiimd was raised to hor lioad, hut sho mudo no . movo- moiit, 110 stop towards him, no word, 110 sound, "Kathloon," oxclaimod Griog, breaking that spoil-hound silonoo. " What is it, dourest," Ho hold outhisiivms, tlioy clasped hut ompty spaco. Slio had vunishud ; Griog sunk into a chair. Ho was buthod in perspi ration, liis limbs trembled under him, liis heart bont hard lind fust. Thou in tlio midst of all this confusion and distress ho hcuamo oonscious of a loud knocking ut tho door, und moiihiiuiciiily opened it. "There is a messongor from Oharing Cross Hospital, sir," bogau tho muu — - Griog diishod him usido. "I know," lio Bttid 111 an odd strninod voioo, "I know all." Fiftoon minutes after ho stood by a hod in ono of tho long wards of tlio hospital, gazing down with desporato agonised oyos at' tho silont littlo fuco upon tho pillow, Tho gray oyos whioli only a fow hours boforo had been full of lovo for him woro closed for over, und lioithcr grief nor joy could disturb littlo Kath- lecn moro. "How didit liappon P" lie asked hoarsely of tho quiot faced nurso by his sido. Thau sho told lum. Nothing Btrango, nothing unusual in tho recital ; only 0110 of muuy ucoidenta whioli 'tlio hoart of London witnesses daily. A hurried run noross tlio slippery roud, 0110 falsa stop, 11 holpless figure in tho whirling trnflio,'nnd thon — tlio end. "Sho was conscious just for a littlo timo," said tho nurse goutly, " and slio wuntod you. 'Toll him,' Bhn said, 'I was coming to him beeauso I felt frightened and I know he would tnko euro of inc.' Thon slio gavo a littlo sigh, and died vory quietly." "Wlion?" ho uskod, with u break in liis voioo. Tho nurso looked at lior watoh. " Just twenty minutes ago," she said. So Kathleen's soul, before it pRssod for ovor from this world, hud puusad for ono brief tondor faro woll of tho only man sho hud over loved. 