Sermon. Missionary Motto. By Lite Rev. C. II. Spuroeon*. And HcAsid unto them, Goy e into all tho world, and preach the Goapel to every creature. He that beliovcih and is baptised shall he saved; but he that beliereth not shall bo damned.— Mark xvL 15,16. 1\. In thinking over this command, let us consider what it is \rc have to carry to every creature—the Gospel. The " Gospel," which is to be told to " every creature," it seems to me, is the great truth that "God was in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them;" and that "He hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation." God has looked in pity upon sinful man. Ho hath sent His Sou to take upon Himself the nature of man. His Son has come in the flesh. He has wrought out a perfect righteousness by His obedient life. He has died upon the tree, the Ju>t for the unjust, that whosoever trusteth in Him might be forgiven. Then come the Gospel's point und barb — believe in Him - and be baptised, and you shall be saved; reject Him, and your peril is imminent, for God declares it—you must "be damned. When we preach the Gospel, then, we must declare to the sons of men that they are fallen, they aro sinful, they are lost, but Christ has come to seek and to save that which was lost; that there is in Christ Jesus, who is now in heaven, grace all-sufficient to meet each sinner's need; that whosoever believeth in Him shall be forgiven all his sins, and shall receive the Holy Ghost, by which he 6hail be helped to lead a new life, shall be preserved in holiness, und shall be brought safely to heaven. To preach the Gospel is to preach up Christ. It is not, as I believe, to preach any form of church government, or any special creed, although both of these may he" needful to those who have heard and received the Gospel. Thefirstmcssagewehavc to preach to every creature is that there is :i Saviour: " Life for a look at the Crucified One, life at this moment for thee"—for all who look to Him. Now, what is meant by the word "preach "? I take its meaning in this place to be very extensive. Some can liter.illy preach—that is, net ns heralds, proclaiming tho Gospel as the town-crier proclaims in the street the message whioh he is bidden to cry aloud. The town-crier is, iu fact, the world's preacher, and the preacher of the Gospel is lobe a crier, crying aloud and sparing not the truth of Christ. I do not believe that Christ tells us to go and piny the orator to eVery creature. Our business is just to speak out the Gospel simply und plainly to every creature. Though all the members of a church cannot literally preach in this ordinary acceptation of the term, yet if this command be for all, then must all bear lbat testimony to the world iu some other oute^poken manner. Their preach ing mar be in divers ways. Somemusr preach by their holy lives. Others mast preach by their talking to tho ones ami twos, like the Master at the well, who was us much preaching when Ho conversed with tie ^ of Samaria as when He addressed f:; multitude on the banks of the Lake of G^;. • nesarcr, und who uttered doctrine as snb'iu« in that little village of Sychar as Ho pro claimed at the Beautiful Gate of the temple. Others must preach by distributing the truth printed for circulation; and a right noble service this is, especially when the pure word of life, the Bible itself, is sown broadcast in this and other lands. If wc cannot speak with our own tongue, wc must borrow other men's tongues ; and if we cannot write with our own pens, we must borrow other men's pens; but wc rau*t do it in some way or other. The gist of this command is that we must make the Gospel known to every creature by some means or other—throw it iu his way, make him know that there is a Gospel, and challenge his very curiosity to learn what it means. You cannot make him accept it, or believe it—that is God's work—but you can and must make liitn know of it, and plead with him to receive it; and do not let it he your fault it he docs not welcome it. Do all, as much as within you lies, to make every creature know what the Gospel is, so that if he will not accept it, yet he shall have had the kingdom of God brought nigh to him. The responsibility of his accepting or rejecting it shall then he his business, and none of yours. Lest wo should make a mistake about the force uud pith of the Gospel, Christ has put itinplaiu words: "He that bclicveth aud is baptised shall lie saved." That is to say, if a man would participate in the bounteous salvation which Christ has wrought, lie must believe iu Christ, he must trust Christ, he must believe Christ to be God's appointed Saviour, and if he does that, he shall ho saved. Further, the text says he must ho baptised. Not that there is any virtuo whatsoever in baptism, but it is a small thing for Christ to expect that tho man trusting to he saved by Him should own and avow his attachment to Him. He that wishes to have Christ as Saviour should bo. prepared openly to acknowledge that he is on Christ's side. I believe with all roy heart that if you belicvo in Jesus Christ you will he saved, whether you are baptised or not; but I would uot like to ruu the risk, mark you, for I have not got that iu lay text. It is, "He that belicveth aud is baptised shall be saved," and I would take the two commands to gether, aud obey my Muster's will through out. 2\. In tho second place, let us solemnly con sider the extent of this commission. Judg ing from tho fact that there is 110 mention made of time, I gather that as long as there jft a church iu tho world the obligation to preach the Gospel will remniu, ana if that church should ever come to conaat of hut one or two, it must still, with all its might, go on promulgating the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Preaching is to be for all timo; and until Jesus Christ Himself shall come, and the dispensation shall close, the mission of the church is to 11 go into all the world and preach the Gospel." There is no limit to bo put as to where this Gospel is to be preached. It is to be preached in " all the world "—in Labrador, in Africa, where the Southern Cross shines high, or where Arcturus with his suns leads on the night: everywhere, in every placo; no nation is to be left out because too degraded; no race is to be forgotten because too far remote. The mission of tha church deals with the centre of Africa, with men who have never yet looked the pale man in the face. It deals with learned nations, as the acute and scep tical Hindu, and with the degraded tribes, as the Hottentot in his kraal, the Bechuana and the bushman. There is to be no omission anywhere. It is the duty of the church, according to iVs command, to make known the Gospel to every creature. The majesty of this command overwhelms me. Such a commission was never given be fore or sinco. O Church of God ! thy Lord has given thee a work almost as immense as the creation of a world; nay, it is a greater work than that—it is to re-create a world. What canst thou do in this? Thou canst do uothiug effectively, unless the Holy Spirit whall bless what thou attemptestfo do. But that He will do; and if thou dost gird up thy loins, and thy heart be warm in this en deavour, thou shalt yet he able to preach Jesus Christ to every creature. But now, thirdly, some of you will be ask ing the inducements to enlist in this service. It shall be sufficient answer to all persons, to say that the reason for preaching the Gospel hat God has said it. Oh, to every creature is, that C it was a grand shout—if it bad been for n better puruose—when the hundreds of thou sands garnered together listening to the burning eloquence of the hermit, when he bade them charge home against the Saracens, aud deliver the holy sepulchre and the sacred places from the infidel. Then the shout went up, " Deus cult," "God wills it," and in the strength of that belief, that God willed it, "a forest huge of spears was couched," and tea thousand swords ware t sheathed, and men dashed on to battle and to death. Ob, if the Christian church could but feel "Dew vutt," "God wills it," that now every creature should hear the Gospel! Doubtless there arc enough converted men aud women, if all bestirred themselves, to make London ting from end to end as once did Nineveh. One man awoke Nineveh with his monotonous cry, "Jet forty days and Nineveh shall be destroyed!" Surely the thousands might yet he as firebrand* in the midst of corn, if vre were but in earnest about this great command. Believer, God demauda this—is not that enough? Brethren and sisters, I do pray you preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ, for your own sakes, if there were no other reason. Depend upon it, your own spiritual vigour will be very much enhanced by your labours of Iota and your zeal for the service of Christ. 4\. But now we haveonr work before us, and our God to help us, and we accept the chal lenge. Brethren and sisters, I call yon to gether just as a master workman, when ho has a work to do, calls together his comrades and says, " Now, this is what we have to do; what powers have we to work with, and how can we do it ?" Those of us who are specially called to preach the Gospel must take our part. Oh! it is blessed employment; angels might well envy us that we have such an office committed to us as to preach the Gospel. Are there not many of you who could preach? Let no man who has gifts keep them back. There are the streets, if you can find no other places; and let me say that there is no better work done than that which is done in the streets by the open-air services. But all have not the ability to preach. "We have some who can teach the young. Are all who can teach the young engaged'in that work? Then, again, could not some of you do good in your own houses ? Cottage meetings, parlour-meetings, drawing-room meetings—these ore all means of usefulness. How much good could some of you do by writing letters to others concerning Christ! How many of you might do good by circulat ing the printed word—Bibles and Gospel tracts, and such senuons as will be most likely to profit certain people if they read them! To eomo of you, it may he, there is committed the talent of money. If you have not the golden tongue, be thankful that you b»ve the golden purse. Speak with that, you are as much bound to speak with that as others with the golden mouth. Whatever gift you may have, put it out at interest, like a good steward, for your Master. But there are some whom we cannot tell to go and preach the Gospel, for they do not know it themselves; and unto the wicked God saith, " "What hast thou to do to declare My statutes?" To such we say, Incline your car and listen. Jesus Christ has suffered that sinners might not suffer. He was God's Son. He took the sins of believers; He was punished in their stead; and if thon wilt trust Him thou shglt besaved. Trust Him, sinner, trust Him. Hay the Holy Ghost persuade thee, and- give thee faith, and unto the Lord Jesos shall be the glory, for ever and ever. Amen. 