REASON AND BIGOTRY. The Archbishop of Adelaide has placed X-r. Jefferis, In regard to that worthy divine's 'views' about the limits of Cardinal Moran's influence, on the strong anvil of reason and sense, and literally pulverised him to atoms. In breaking- Dr. Jeft'eris to pieces, of course the Archbishop was also reduc ing to dust those who have violated the principles of the British Constitution and outraged the scheme of civil and religious freedom by publicly objecting to one being a candidate for the Con vention on account of the 'style of his dross.' Dr. O'Reilly placed his finger on the festering corrupting spot in the An glican and sectarian constitution that makes it view the commanding person ality and the ever-widening influence of the Cardinal with dread. In the various sects there is none above commonplace mediocrity, and few even there, and none consequently that would have the ghost of a chance of being elected by the free votes of the people to any re sponsible public position. The Cardinal, If elected to the Convention, would be elected, not as the Head of! the Church In Australia, but as an able, learned, patriotic and enlightened statesman, and if the sects have men who, on the same grounds, can stand beside him and hold their own, the 'Catholic Press' would be proud Indeed to make their acquaintance, and we hereby extend to them the hand of.' cordial friendship, and beg to assure them of our highest respect and esteem. To make hare soup a profoundly philosophic lady once suggested as an Important pre liminary matter the securing of the hare, and if hunting through the ranks of the sects one of the Cardinal's power and ability can be discovered we will use all our influence to secure his election to the Convention. If he is an able man, we won't wax mad and furious because he happens to be a Protestant or a parson. The wisdom and prudence of the Sydney Anglican Primate in giving a tremendous big 'No' to the request that he should al low himself to be nominated have been eulogised in certain quarters, but in no place more warmly than; in the 'Catho- lic Press' office. The Primate manages to spend £5000 per annum pleasantly and well, but what else he does for his country we have not been able to dis cover. 