:CREMATION: "E:O.S." writes to us: The enclosed narrative may surpris and Interest your readers. That under certain conditions the communion with spirits Is possible I proved years-ago; it merely adds to one's knowledge, and. need not interfere with anyone's reli gion. Whatever religion makes one better and happier, that Is the religion to keep to,' be it -Roman Catholic, Pro-" testant, or any other. Why need they., interfere with or hate each other. The quarrels and hatred do awaywith all re ligion. Although I know Spiritualism to be true, I have nothing to do with it. It is only a valuable knowledge. I think Dr Peebles made a great mistake In attacking religious sects:- - In memory if Mrs Massingberd, of Gunby, Lincolnshire, who died of ex haustion consequent upon a severe. eperation, a'service of unique character was conducted in St.. John's Church. Smith Square, Westminster.. The de-' ceased lady was possessed of consider able wealth, and was heiress in her owM' right to. some larided estate in. the county, on which she sought to promote temperance in many ways. Althoughk connected with various social move ments in London, her name here was numore particularly associated with the Pioneer Club for Ladies. This was founded by her, fully registered as a, proprietary club, and was intended by. her to meet the wants of women en gaged in progressive and other work, and in its spacious rooms in one of the finest old'houses of Bruton street ladies representative of all modern vocations and views were to be met. Her loss .is a very sore one to the club, alike from her powers of organisation and the un failing generosity she evinced towards - it. By her own' wish her remains were cremated,and _the. ashesJfSc?..mialosed in an urn and brought .to the church;. where they remained-'under a beautiful pall of white silk, worked with gold, before the altar. The building itself is one of the. most sombre in the metro polis. and even a number of floral tributes sent by personal friends and dispersed about the chancelcould hardly relieve the gloom of the dreary after noon. The sons and daughters of the late lady, as well as other relatives, were present in the church, but the service was primarily arranged by the club as. a token of respect, and the members were officially requested to meet outside the church at a quarter to four. Ideas differ among ,the advanced sisterhood as to the obligation of wearing black, and several, therefore, had made no difference in their usual attire; but all were the device of membership, which is a small silver axe; and a little badge of ribbon striped in white, grey, and black. As the first notes of "O for the Wings of a Dove" softly rolled out as a voluntary, the procession' began to move towards the chancel, and was led by-Viscountess IHarberton (who had bright pink roses in.her hat) and Miss' rhitehead. Behind these were borne, shoulder-high, by eight ladies represen tative of the library., debates, dramatic, and anfi-vivisection sub-committees, a huge trophy,i measuring fft. by 4ft., and: entirely composed of flowers. The base was white hyacinths, jonquils, and lilies of the valley, upon which were worked, in raised letters of Parma violets ,her family motto; "It is enough to have de served," and the guiding sentences of the club, "All the hands of comrades clasping Pioneers of Pioneers," "Love thyself last," and "One and All." In the centre were the initials "E. L. L." and a large axe, also wrought in double violets. Then followed Lady Hamilton (honorary secretary). Mrs Chester (who? carried a lovely heart of lilies of the valley), and Lady Elizabeth Cust From the British Women's Temperance Asso ciation' came a splendid cross of lilies and arums. Other bodies which sent wreaths were the Central National So ciety for Women's Suffrage, the Good Templars, the Humanitarian League; the Shakespeare Society, and the Vic toria street Anti-Vivisection Society. Canon Wilberforce conducted the office, and the processional 'sentences' and the anthem "I Heard a Voice," as well as . the responses, were sung to Goss's setitig. Only a few verses of the lesson taken from Corinthians, 1 xv. were read, and the hymns sung were "I 'was a Wandering Sheep" and "Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost." At the conclusion, Canon Wilberforce gave a short address, saying that he was al ways thankful when any prominent persons lent their support to cremation, and thus helped to deal a blow to the materialism which could grasp no more than a reconstructed earthly body. With" their departed friend -they -could but think that the scabbard was de stroyed, but the bright, keen blade of', her intellect and her vigorous mind existed all the sanle, and he was -con vinced that in spirit she was among' them, and knowing all that was being' said. 