A l.mcolnsliire Ghost Story. GRUESOME DISCOVERY 'AT A FAEMHOTTSE. Frora I-Ialt©is Holerdte, a village near Spilsbuiy, Ifiiicolnshire, comes, a quaint glaost ??sfeay, -.briugiujj with it, however, an air of incality in the form of authoritative details which accounts for the sensation it ha^Wi'iistd in the neighborhood. The spot where the* unearthly tappings and ])r-'-«K'e Ui' an apparition are reported is u iarmhouse near the village, standing bacl:-oi»p distance from the high road: -A Lincoln 'reporter, who visited it last month, found it occupied by a Mr. and Mrs. '\Tilfon and their .servant man. When '(juc-tioned Mrs. Wilson was at first ycit reluctant to make any statement. hut.sutlofi'quently narrated a. rather re uiarkuble stcny. According to this the Wilsons came to the place on Lady ,Day last. The first night or so they heard very Grange noises about midnight, as | tliongh a mysterious person was knock ing at the doors and walls. Once it seem' d although someone was hurriedly moving about all the furniture down stairs. Another lime the , noise was like a heavy -picture falling from the wall ; but in tlie morning the inmates found everything as right as it was the ,night befora. Nevertheless the servant man left the premises, sajing he dare not stop, and the, Wilsons had to secure ihc. sfTrvif.flK of another. About h x 'weeks ago 'something' was seen. One wkjht Mrs Wilson, before getting into bed, where her husband had already retired, -thought' she would go down stairs and sec if the cow was safe. She satisfied 'herself that tlie animal was all right, and' was at -the foot of the stairs preparingto go up again when she saw an okl man standing above her at the top and gazing directly at her.1 ' He was standing,'' said Mrs Wilson, ' as though he was very round-shouldered. Howt I got past I cannot say, but I darted past, him into ithe bedroom and slammed 'the door. Even here, however, I felt someone was behind me. I turned round sharply, and there again' stood tlie same olcl man. He quickly vanished, but T am quite certain 1 saw him. I have also seen liim several times since, though not quite so distinctly.' After recounting her strange expe riences, Mrs Wilson conducted the re-^ porter to the sitting-room,k where a gruesome discovery1 had been made. In one corner the' floor, it appeared, was very uneven, and here a day or two ago Mrs Wilson took up the bricks with the intention of relaying them. ~No sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable odor was emitted. Her sus picions were aroused. She called her husband, with whose assistance a minute examination of tlie place was commenced. - With a stick three or four bones were soon turned over, to gether with a gold ring and several pieces of old black silk. AH these had evidently been buried in quicklime, the bones and silk 'being obviously burnt therewith. The search was not prose cuted further, but a quantity of sand was introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. Here, accordingly, are all the elements of a last century romance. Pending further developments it is interesting to note that Mrs Wilson holds the belief that at some time or other foul play must have taken place in the farmhouse she is lining in. Dr Gay, to whom the bones were submitted, stated that the bones wore undoubtedly human, but he believed they would be nearly ? It®0 years old. . 