[?] ; An tnteUigei»^KMigpondent bss written *n *ooamt qtjl4i rbiffttjiitrii jbiiiiilil dfetitict of -M«Mny, Mf^faig s j About 200 milea irooi tbe German capital, ia tbe northern part oT the province at Bilaia, tbsn ia a Ittia-x^ n.^bb Mountains. Scattered among these bills, soxne timea in villages nad ^giOn in deta4*d and **°lkted log cibinl, ere W be fonod about 2,000 'people, wfao -re nailed Ibe Hnnger-Uenadien— * bntnaa bmttga who sever -hive enough to eat. Their business Is band-loom weaving, and it has hoea carried on so long oo starvation wages that waif bodies bare shrunk nod dwindled until the ibthropologUfc may' almost classify ttisa , M , ? ?eparate species of tbe human Vnmlljr.. Moat of: ♦beei weav^a live in tbe little coonty of Gists, hnfc a few bouts' rids from Bieslau, and Gold* haob ii tbe fichaudfieok a shame spot of Germany. 4 ~ It was a eold, mlny April morniof tbat Rjbory end 1 climbed from Beiners te tbebroad pl&teen; on whioh the miserable littlo WH is situated. In about 90 minutes of stiff we reached the top, end Goldbacblay belnre na. IU low cabins were strung along both skies nf tbe roadway for nearly half a nib, end even from wht-re ws stood we could hew tbe I monotonous dick-clack of the long line of looms. Some little children can into tbe cabins to ; make known our arrival, tbe oliokmlack stopped for a moment, end ghost-like fees peered out of tbe windows. Booh withered human beings I bad never seen before. Vheir eyes wero sunken nnd dulL and tbe akin a& tbefar faces when not sickly white was of a tdiogy yellow hue. Tbey looked out upon us ' ^fwildoed, and then fell beck to their Items, j snd the click -alack began afresh. We watl- dered on to tbe end of tbe hamlet and tbea bsek to tbe inn,' and tbe only living cnstuiee we saw Were the children and the facta In tbe window, There was not a horse or dog any* ?here in sight, and tbe impression the bttfc tillage gave ns was that of an iavlated settie meet, rhtit off from human sympathy and even deserted by the d^meatic H« rr tiamineb, tbe mayor, was a arrinldcd little mas, bardly up to my shoulder, and Ibex* ?as a worried look in his feoe wbtch I bad net noticed among tbe other villagers. It comut 1 fwq, from the wearying vffocta to collect tflUge taxes. Hewasaannu tbtire dwuld bm Ids official statement of the case. Gsld bach, be said, was tbe poorest plate m tbe snUre disbrk4. There are nearly a hundred I weavi n in tbe viUa^r, and tbey just barely I mdat. In tbe Bobembctt- spealdag villages far* tberto tbe west toewesven base always bad the alteroathre of working fat tto woods or at their looms as tbey txhott, and tbey are eoose -juently better situated. In Goldbscb, bow»mt ttil choice has never existed, and tbe vilbgen net bow so weak and unaccustomed to outdoor Jsbour that tbey simply eannot it. All that tb«y are capable of is a UttU wurk in their gardens snd weaving, and tbe eom* pttHion witb matdjinea is so great that their doth mu*t be sold nt the very iowot prices. The Government in 1852 bought tbe land in Goldbach and resold It to tLe wearers on tbe instalment plan, each aetller promising to pay fire Uaiks a yrar on his lot till tbe debt was cancelled. Before that Usw tbe village bad .been in the bands of Urge land pcoprietece, and It WM Durobased from tbem in the hou that penonnl ownership of house and gardtn would giro (bo wfsver a new Impetus to work* Bed there been eotmgb work fat tbem this hope, no doubt, would bavebvon realised, bntbaa^nm weaving iaeo little in demand to-day that tbe lots ♦re still unpaid for. Tbe average ; income of a family pf eight persons is uot more than 400 marks, or lo» tlmn ££0. Hiis is sop posed to cover all expense*, end it is not hard to . understand why there are so many mortgages. , !cbe main kinds of weaving done in Goldbeeh im shirtings, bajudkercbiels^'eheet^andiicking, A middleman, living in RelnerSp vfitmiUiestbe' raw ptulfa, and then bsys ttie doth at a ralua tioo ngzeed upon beforehand. Tbe Govern ment has also bad some work -done here, but as it usually wonts towels for the army, eod-tbe weavers are too weak to do suchbeavy weaving, the middleman is tbe main employer. If there is-eJUw in the doth returned to bim it Is not paid for, ahd s esse is known . where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment fur the cloths delivered was refused be cause of Some little mistake. ' The bill of fare in the village varies a little io tbe different cabins, but in tbe main it consists of rye ooffue, rye bread, and meal. A queer mixture of dough and mssl is the favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are raten when cheap enough. Most of the weavers have little gardeus where tht y raise all tbe vegetables they can, but their lots are so small that tbey bar a no room for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early iu the winter. Meat is sel dom seeu. Herr Sammeck has it once a week, but be earns au extra 1&0 m&iks; a year for his public services, and can afford it. Tbe others get e taste of it ouce in six months. Tbe greater part of tbe weavers in Goldbach are blood kindred, and married couples are fre quf.utly Cist (ousius, but malformed childreu are surprisingly rare. Nearly &v;»ry household has at leabt four boyB and fcirlft, and up to ten years of age tbey remain in good health. I asked Herr Pahl, as he had remarked upen the fact, how be accounted for it. He shook his j bead doubtfully, and at first did not seem to have aoy explanation to give, hut he finally said, 14 Na t tbe air helps a littlo !' When the cbildrt-n begin to weave, however, the life soon tells en tl»em, and if thry keep it up thpy grow t'nin uiid weak. Ae soon as a child can turn tbe crank of the ??pooling machine he is enlisted into tbe ser vice, and haa nlmu*t as many hours of toil as bis parents. At five o'clock, summer and winter, he mu6t be up and doing, and after tbe few hours at school aud play, be works on into tiie night witb his elders. I asked Herr Sam mekif he did uot think tbe old«r people would be strong if they worked out of doors a little— on farms for example. 44 We have tried it,' he replied, 44 but we are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows hard, wo shiver as you do in winter, and no farmer will take us.' 44 But could yon not go into factories P' A look of despair oame into his faee. 14 It is the same tbiug there,' he answered. 44 If we ask a manufacturer for work, he says we can't do enough. You see we lack the strength to run tbe big muchioes, snd in factories tbey want people that cau work hatd. No; all thut we oan do is to weave.' Iu auswer to an inquiry wby there is so little work, he said that the factories ci'uti oiled tho mnrket, and it was only by wurlriog cheaper than fvctory hauds that bome wamvera were able to find auy work at all. I There ia also \ prujudt: e, be said, against haad ioomcloLb. | Eaily in the tU*-n-oon wc started out on our round of the ^bins. . The first one belooged to j a womhn ut wly 60 yoar& of age, wbo bad been a wraver ever since ber eighth year. 1 had heard that she took part in tbe revolution. 44 Ob, that wur a terrible time,' she said, hold ing ber tinker bei i o*u iu s characteris tic -jenr»n *uy. ?' \\\'i !i-d only pri'SB to eat then. 1 renu-mber my nioti.er at uding ine out to any a night to cot ;nu-» and dandeliona for j tbe evcuing soup. 1 wasn't in the revolution J myself, but my lover was. He never estne \ back— — ' And the f.oor old soul be can feeling around in theihreadnor the loom. 4-Oh,yes ; it's I muoL betu;! now,' she continued. 41 Wo have bread ofer-' day, and you can't starve on that, . can you ?' We called next on H err Pahl, as be had aitked 115 to tnkc hi* picture. Wo found $«.. ita do^^.wdal'Se ' Mdktf ndM^'^e te-nj^ii)jiia, abd l footled tbM I »w »looki£ailiki6lMss»nhUf»oe.'Id-«H WHM ctomtfir^g wtplaiotd, 'bot I do think they might giwipe work. If I bad enou|b . to | do I oonld feed ttf ciliildiBa on bread at least, bot now I can't carp orw three marks a week. TbaVa ths rMtM^ jttie other children died. Tbey weren't ni-k-^u in gets sick here— tbey jut got tUnner ab) -iiatier and withered away.' At all ^ the other cabins we beard pnotuelly tbe aatne story. H« looms were always dick iag, and the chlldrea wen either pooling or pedingvotetoM, , , 