Dr.I Williams' Pink Pills HAVE CURED MR. THOMAS JARVIS OF LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA AFTER DOCTORS S AND HOSPITALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEEN CONSIDERED INCUR .;,,ABLE BY THE MEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT LAST BEEN f CONQUERED. HAS A ;MIRACLE BEEN PERFO:RMED? From the "' Australian Workman." In reply to the preliminary questions, said : ,' You want to know all about my case ? Well. I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was."' About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the I accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island" *' What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The 'pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bonesin two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance tot yself and every. ine else. I was incessantly shivering and so-king. and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd ,aarch last I saw1a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the' Director of Charita. ie Institu tions." "Did you make use of the order ?" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all cvc: with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me. and did all he could, by opium and mdrphta pills, to easy the agony I was in: Ii-as under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomomotor ataxy, or pro gressive locomotor ataxy. a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait' and difliculty in co-ordinating voluntary movements lie told me that I might last for to years, and tl~at I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then thd patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infaliible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a'straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effectel in the case of anuoher boiler-maker in England, which I read in the i Australian Workman,' by Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to lit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial .nyway, anl sent for a box. 'lhs effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk witlhout the ai l of a stick, and am gradual'', but siurely, recovering my former vigor'and vitality. You see those crutches here? They were made for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't walnt them. All I want is this stick. and I hope soon to do without it. You eee ant rapilly regain ing toy strength." " lie is 100 per cent. better," said M.rs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the babhy on her knees. " Dr. Williamns' Pink Pils have saved his life; and made another Inan of him." A friend who called in at this paint, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that dal than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now." continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has com-e back in my legs. If I keep on going the way ant, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker. and you know I hasve to bie in the ve-y :pink of health and strength to \ork at that trade. I am better to-day than I have beon at any time dyring the past live years. I ascribe all the change and bnmefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, what ever, and feel like a new man. Or. the mantle piece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor nave me to deaden the cxeruci atiuc pain. lBut they can stay where they are, for 1 no lon:er need them Everybody who knows ume has bean amazsed at the oehngg in me. They can Ihardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is saiu in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy,. partial paralysik, and spinal disease, also thu u?rany disorders whi h sriso from. an imupoverished state of the blood such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, slhortness of breath, pains nq tied back, nervous headaches. &c.; Thc'e pills ?rs a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine Lnlv wtltl the full name, Dr. Wilhianms Pink l'il'i for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storeke?pere generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine L.ompany, Queen's place. Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d or half-dozen for t4s 9d. As showing the falling off in the quan tity ot wheat received at Nhili this sea son, as compared with that of 895-96, one of the largest buying firms report only 5000 bags have been delivertd to their grain stores, as against Ii,ooo last year, 