THE I3ENDIG0 ADVEUTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION', OL'lt RIGHTS AMI OL'K ItKSOl'i'.CI>'. BKXDIGO, SATURDAY, JUXE HS7. THE OUTBREAK OF DIPHTHERIA. Considerable alarm ' lias been aroused owing to ' an, outbreak of cli|«:itlieri;t in various:districts in the colony, more espe cially' ut Hawthorn. Statistical returns show that fur the fortnight ending 2!>oh May 117 cases of diphtheria had been re corded in the colony, of which nine had proved fatal. It is quite possible that thpre were more unrecorded case*. 11 mr as ifc is, the contrast between the present out break and the number of cases for the cor responding period of last year is sidHcicntly striking to give cause for great uneasiness. The number of eases for the period men tioned last year was only 35, of which four proved fatal. The immediate cause of alarm, however, arises from the fact that' last week there were <50 cases of diphtheria at Hawthorn. !Now, Hawthorn is supposed to be a clean district so far as municipal man agement is concerned,and on that account the present outbreak is all the more i emarkable. The Hawthorn Council'professes, to''bo all; at' sea'on the subject and quite unable to ac count'ftir the virulence of- the scourge, arid' the-medical men are equally at fault. K solution of the matter has been sought in the fact that disinfectants are not used when opening up old drains. But this has been shown to be an insufficient reason, as when there was a gr a!- deal more opening up of this kind previously there was much less diphtheria. It is evident from this that the cause has nut b-jeii located. Th- r there is good reason-for fe'-.r in Hawthorn is evident "from the fact that since January last there have- been 11- fatal nut of 53 cases, and the sufferers have been chiefly children under 10 years of age;. That "the attack should be confined mainly to young children should lead to a search for the cause in a particular location. Dr. Gresswell, the chairman of the Board of Health, 2ms been interviewed on the 'sub ject, and he states that he can not assign tiie reason. He points out promoting causes, such as the gather ing of promiscuous filth, open sewers and the milk supply, which lie describes hs in a horribly disgusting stare. These are general reasons, and probably apply to all districts, bat they do not appear .sufficient to account for the Hawthorn mystery. Fail ing to fix any particular cause, this health officer falls back upon the neglect of the local municipal authorities, and asserts that on ail hands there arc contributing evil con cisions with which, to their discredit, they have failed to deal, lie specially refers to house refuse and street sweepings, which were dealt with in a way that could only mean the spread of disease. This is a serious charge to bring against a municipal council, and should be thoroughly inquired into. But this does not seem to the health officer to be altogether satisfactory as he draws attention to the probability of infection exchanges at public schools and to the necessity for closer supervision in sani tary matters on the part of the board authorities, that is to say, the boards of advice, and also to the necessity for loyal support in this matter on the part of school teachers. This reference to teachers relates, no doubt, to their supervision of the sani tary condition at the schools, and in various parts of the colony this hint seems to be necessary. The medical men at Haw thorn do not appear to be able to arrive at any definite reason for the outbreak. But some people have very small development of the bump of observa tion, and cannot see what may lie the most obvious thing to a merely common sense individual. The local health officer, in his report to the Central Board, has looked in the air for diphtheria germs. He has not been able to see them, but he thinks they may be floating about, because, foresooth, some sewerage brick drains are being formed in Melbourne. Failing this re markable theory, the possibility is suggested that the relaying of pitchers forming the street water chamielsmaybe apossible source. But why such a suggestion is made is one of those tilings, as Lord Dundreary says, " Xo fellow can understand,1' for he knocks his own suggestion on the head by stating that, there has been no more work of the kind this year than in ISOo-a year when there was less diphtheria about ; also that he does not think the drainage of the muni cipality is in any way responsible. One noticeable feature of the Hawthorn outbreak is that in nearly every case the sufferers have been children. That fact should indi cate the direction in which to look for the cause. A resident of Hawthorn appears to have looked at the matter in this light, and in one of the morning metropolitan papers draws attention to the existence of a quarry hole right in the centre of the diphtheria outbreak, and within a stone's throw of the State school. The water in this hole is stated to be green from stagnation and the putrefaction of dead dogs, cats and decaying vegetation, the drainage of houses and refuse filth cast into it. Hundreds of children are said to pass this hole daily, and it can readily be surmised by these who know children's ways that the disease spreading spot is a grand place for stone throwing by the youngsters. The correspondent also states that the children affected by diphtheria live in the immediate neighborhood of this hole. As it is well known that such stagnant water, whether in a quarry hole or in cellars under or near dwellings, is the cause of diphtheria, it is absurd, while they exist, to seek for floating germs in the air all the way from Melbourne to account for diphtheria in Hawthorn. The remarkable thing is that such a pestiferous nuisance should have been allowed to remain by the municipal authorities, and" if, as the correspondent states, the attention of Dr. Gresswell V.TiS called to it, and that he inspected it and yet nothing came of his inspection, the con clusion is inevitable that there is something wrong somewhere. It is hinted that the quarry belongs to an influential person, and that had it been the property of a poor man lie would have been compelled to get rid of the nuisance long ago. If the municipal council, as may be inferred from this, has been so neglectful of its duties, a heavy re sponsibility lies upon its members, and the ghosts of the dead victims of diphtheria mav well haunt them in their dreams. The ex perience in. Hawthorn should draw the attention of the local authorities to the necessity for keeping a careful watch over the sanitary condition of Bendigo. Diphtheria is prevalent here also. Within the last fortnight it is stated that four laths have occurred in Lower Ironbark from diphtheria or diphtheric croup, and an examination of the neighborhood should be made to ascertain if there'be any insanitary waterholes or bad drainage in the locality. EIGHT PAGES.-To-day s issue consists of eight pages. THE BKNDIOOXIAN.-This week's issue of the fiaidi/joiiian contains several excellent illustrations. A page is devoted to the late competition of the Austral Literary and De bating Society, including Lord and Lady Brassey and several leading members of the society and separate portraits of five of tiie leading prizewinners, and of Mr. J. H. Bryan (hon. accompanist). The remaining illustra tions include a large group photo taken at Messrs. Craig, Williamson and Thomas' em ployes picnic, Mrs. Brown-Potter as Camille, Mr. Bellow as Romeo, an excellent group of the players in the recent tennis match (Bendigo v. Melbourne), ar.d photos of the late Messrs. J. Armstrong and T. P. Skues. Tin: Or.Ti AGE PENSIONS COMMISSION. The lembers of this Commission arrived bv train' from Castlc-maine yesterday morning and "ex amined several witnesses 'in the Town Hall during the day. A mass of interesting evidence was adduced, which touched or. various phases of the question. An extended report of th° proceedings is published elsewhere. During tiie sojournment for lunch the visitors were enter tainer! l.y (he mayor (Mr. H. M. Marks) in his room in the ha!!, Cr. M'Onwan an.-l the town clerk (Mr. Honeybone) being also present. The mayor extended a cordial welcome to the members, and expressed the hope that their labors would lead to a satisfactory solution of the "difficult question they had in hand The chairman (Mr. Kirton, M L.A.), in responding remarked that the matter, they had to deal with was of the utmost 'importance to the whole eommnnity. He explained that it had been decided to visit the various centres of popu la'.ion up country during the recess, so that the representatives of country electorates who were members of the Commission could attend the sittings without interfering with their Parlia mcntary duties. In conclusion lie proposed the sentiment, " Success to Bendigo," coupled with the name of the mayor. The toast was hear tily drunk with cheers for the mayor and mayoress. The members of the Commission returned to Melbourne by the evening train THE ELECTIHC LICIIT.-Early last evenin" the wires affixed tr. the central circuit at th° Electric Light Company's works were dis loogerl by a falling rope, with the result that the arc lamps in the city were deprived of the c-ioetnc em-rent, and the city remained in "dark ness for (he rest of the evenin". The damaT will be remedied to-day. ° -e THE RKOEST MINING: ACCIDENT.-The miner ".james Roscwarne, who was severely injured in the Confidence mine on Queen's Birthday by some falling timber, has now so far recovered a"s to be enabled to leave.the hospital. He expects to resume work shortly. ... Tin; .SuoAn DCTIBJ.-Mr. J. C. Clark«cn secretary of the Lockwood Fruitgrowers' AV/01 has received a letter from the Jvhill Vl est »» "fiinera Fruitgrowers' Association Mici.awgo resolution passed at a. meeting of the Ration requesting aU. fruit-rowers to \v.!h:mM ;li«",r support from any P.uHam"!itar" ciiidrktc, who isiw.t in favor-of bavin" the remnvi-il. The letter s'.ato^Fu ?if.-ye i'u-ics. speedily r.bo!-\|,».| ' detrimental to the fruit-row' jng industry. WAYWARD BOYS — At the City Police Court yesterday before the mayor (Mr H M Marks) and Mr W David, JP, five small boys, whose ages ranged from nine to 12 years and whose names were William Jones, James O'Brien, John Henry Campbell, Ronald Campbell and Archibald Simmonds, were charged with stealing bread from a cart belonging to Mrs A McLennan. Sergeant Kilfeder stated that the boys were believed to be also implicated in the robberies at the Masonic Hall and Tennis court. He asked for a remand to permit the police to make further inquiries. Mrs Campbell and Mrs Simmonds were present in court on behalf of their children but Jones and O'Brien were not befriended, the sergeant stating that the mother of the latter boy, who was a widow, represented herself as being quite unable to control him. the bench remanded the accused for a week and on their promising to attend the court at the end of that period they were permitted to depart. ikxDieo CEMETERY. - A meeting ot the ni«teos was held at the Town Hall yesterday iftcrnoon. Present. :-Crs Marks (mayor), D. I Lazarus. Hoskins, Abbott, BaiICS, Ivvan, HiM-kness. Carol in and M'Gowan. The sexton (Mr T'edp.ithl recommended the purenase ot the roller which he was using for the asphalt foot walks. The trustees approved of the re commend ition. and agreed to leave the matter in the hands of the secretary (Mr. W . Ilonev - I,one) and the sexton. The tender of the Aus tralian Tile Company for supplying and fixing tiles on tlie floor ot the new shelter sheds at 12s per s'|uavti viU'tl (the trustees to supply the cement and sand) was accepted. A couple of account? w=re passed for payment, and the meeting terminated. Tin: CHANNEL CLEANING CONTRACT.-\ ester day the mayor (Cr. Marks) again complained about the unsatisfactory way in wnich the channel cleaning contract was being performed. He mentioned that recently the gutters in front of the city retail market were cleaned out and the rubbish was left in the street near the build in" for over a week to the disgust or the tenant.--. The council should insist on the contractor earrving out the work properly. Councillors were constantly getting blamed for it, and some decisive action should betaken, t r. M'uowan stated that when the next estimates wers being framed he would move that the contract be «plil tin amongst the three wards. Cr. Lazarus : Hut I did that last year, and the tenders were not accepted in that way. The city surveyor stated that at last pay day he fined the contractor £G, and he would be fined again nex^ pay dav. The overseer went over the city and complained to the contractor, but he did not seem to pav any attention to his instructions. In fact the contractor seemed to do what he liked. Cr. Lazarus : Then cancel his contract. The surveyor : But how can I do it ? Cr. Laza rus: It is the duty cf the engineer to report to us that ho cannot get the contractor to carry out the work properly and recommend the cancellation of the contract, and we will at once act on the report. It is not |jur duty to keep on complaining about it. If the contrac tor will not do his work let-tlHksurveyor put on day laborers at once to keep the city clean, and recommend the cancellation of tne contract. Cr. Ryan said tlie same complaint applied to all the other contracts, including those of light ing and removal of dust and rubbish. ^ 1 be mayor said that no doubt action would be taken in the meantime to effect an improve ment, but the whole' subject; would be ? gone into when the next estimates were being framed. 'Postal. FACILITIES AND tiik IRAM way^. - The corporation of Hndderstield made an in teresting departure in tramway enterprise some time ago (says the London Daily ChfonHe) each car being provided with a letter-box. This has wonderfully increased the postal facilities of the Htuldersiield people. The boxes are cleared every hour in the day from S.30 a.m. to 9.30 p.m., and there is a final p >st at 11 p.m. No fewer than 33.000 letters were posted in this way last year. By this means the post ottiee saves considerable expense in collection, and is able to pav the corporation £300 per annum for the service. The system is highly appreciated bv the inhabitants, and shows what can be done when tramways are worked primarily and solely for the interests of the community. [Could not the system be introduced with advantage in Bendigo?] PROPOSED ELECTRIC TRAMS.-The following letter was read at the meeting of the City Council yesterday " Melbourne, "22nd May. -We notice that you have before you a report i-o horse tramway from Howard Place to Golden-square. Can we suggest you substitut ing electric for horse. Gentlemen, it is not in accord with the times for a city of the size of Bendigo to be considering horse trams, when other cities are discarding horte and substitut ing electric. The electric plant in the first costs more, but a vety large saving is efisetcd in tlie working expenses. We shall _ ha very pleased to send our engineer down togivs you a report and estimate as"to cost of installing and maintaining of same if there is any chance ot it leading to business. Awaiting the favor of your reply, yours obediently, W. CLAYTON. Joel and Co." The letter was referred to the sub-committee appointed to report on Mr. P. Ellis' scheme to introduce horse trams to Golden-square. Assisting Wine GROWERS.-Although the need for local wineries in the vine- growing dis tricts of the colony is generally recognised, the viuncrons have, so far, been slow to avail themselves of the ofi'cr of the Government to subsidise such establishments to the extent cf £1 for £1 np to £2.000. The reason for this, apart from the absence of a spirit of co-operation amongst the vine-growers, is that the Govern ment wish to have too much of tlie capital ex pended oil the erection of buildings and the }.u:ehase of appliances. Oil Wednesday (says the Arinus) a deputation from the vig nerons in the Mooroopna district waited on the Minister of Agriculture, and asked him to modify the regulation; under which the bonus was granted, so that a smaller sum might be expended in buildings and ap pliances, leaving the remainder of the £4,000 available for the purchase of casks and young wines, which would be stored, blended, and matured. It was stated that the Government would, if necessary, be given a mortgage over the wine purchased, in addition to one over the buildings and casks, as security that the^ con ditions attached to the bonus would be fulfilled. If this were done it was said it would give much needed assistance to the small vine-growers, who had not money at, their disposal to purchase more casks and extend their cellars, so as to mature their wines, "and, consequently, the result of one vintage had to be sold for what ever the wine would bring before another vintage arrived. The .establishment of wineries in country districts would enable them to eithor store their wines there or sell them, under a system by which they would participate in tlie higher price obtained when tliev were matured, anfl in that way many small vigne.rons who were now makinff a loss out of their vineyards would be able to obtain a profit. Mr. Taverner replied that he v.-as anxious to assist the wine indust ry, and that if the application was put in writing he would see how far he could meet their wishes. CITY POLICE COURT.-'The mayor (Mr. H. M. Marks) and Mr. W. Davis, J.P., adjudicated yesterday. William Joseph Parkinson was charged with stealing tickets at the Bendigo Races. Accused was defended by Mr. Roberts. Detective M'Pherson deposed that he had traced three tickets to defendant's possession. Accused was remanded for a week, bail being allowed. Plainclothes-constable Taylor pro ceeded against William Brotherton for playing football 'in Violet- street on -211th May, and de fendant was fined 2s 'Gd. A young man named Thomas Dov.-scy, 22 years of' ag % was charged with firing a shanghai to the danger of persons, and a fine of 2? (id was inflicted. A carrier's license was granted George Meyer. The court then adjourned. A SUCCESSFUL STUDENT. - Amongst the names of successful candidates at the recent examinations in connection with the Melbourne : University appears that of Miss Evelyn Taylor, second youngest daughter of Mr. Jas. Taylor, the well- known sharebroker, who obtained first class honors in French and German. Miss Taylor, who passed the matriculation examina tion some months ago, is attending Girton College. GOOD INTENT SOCIETY.-The monthly meet ing was held at the Temperance Hall last oven int'. Present-Miss Smith (president), Miss Curnow (treasurer). Miss Eiving (secretary), Miss L. Curnow and Miss Faulkner. Help was accorded several urgent cases. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. J. A. O. Scott for parcel of boots, also to a friend for a parcel of tea. In reference to the dinner provided by the Bendigo City Council, pensioners are re quested to call at the residence of any of the members for tickets for the same. RAILWAY HOLIDAY FAKES.- The Railway department notifies that by all trains from the 19th to 2Gth June inclusive tickets will be issued at holiday excursion fares, available for return for one calendar month. Tun PnorosEn PRESENTATION TO DR. E. Hiitoncurr. -The committee in connection with the proposed presentation to Dr. Hinch clifi' is requested to meet at the City Family hotel at 4.30 p.m to-day. THE BLANKET FUND.- Messrs. J. Andrew and Co, request its to acknowledge the follow ing additional donations :-John Renwick and Co., £1 Is ; Jones and Miller, £1 Is ; W. Man ning, 10s 6d ; J; R. Hoskins, 10s ; Three lady friends, Ss Gd : Friend and farmer, Is. MuitCAL COMPETITIONS.-The committee of the Long Gully Mechanics' will hold two grand competitive concerts in July, at both of which cash prizes will be. given for soprano, contralto, tenor, baritone and bass so'os ; also for piano forte selections for adults and children. The musical committee meton Monday evening, and ! fixed the amount of money prizes in each case. As will be seen by advertisement elsewhere <-?n!rics will be received by the secretary till 24th June, THE WEATHER. -Enjoyable weather was, *. -< \-- - i j maximum o°* . minimum, o93. Barometer-9 a.m.. 30-1 V~ i p.m., 29?!)?'}; 0 p.m., 30 00. Tin: HOSPITAL HONORARY MEKCAI. iW -Dr. Penfold elsewhere announces that he will seek re-election as a member of the honors medical .staff of the Bemligo Hospital at U; approaching elections. The WINK Indi-STRY.-- Mr. .7. Clarke, secretary of the Lockwood Fruitgrwer-' eiation, lias received a communication froiii"tC Barnawartha_\ me and Fruit Growers" A^U. tion, requesting his support in the folio-win./*'* solution passed at its last meatin" ;-.< tins association is of opinion ment to the wine industry shottid 1 * Viiad"",' test question at the next gener.il e!e-ticm ?.?.Ml" that no candidate should receive the .'minor'd the vincgrowers unless lie pledges ] .>.J support an export bonus of :jd pi- - ill,,;, --'1 wines suitable for export, and r.:, «£,*« J, A of Is per gallon on brand v ma'h i The Nagambie and District Vir.e and P.'"': Growers' Association also wrote. solution-"That this assoc;a;i,,n rcniV co-operation of similar bodies i:i nvttimMh. spe'etive members of Parliament"to* <1.V .>«.£ best to induce the Covertures!! t<> -nj",lv iA-'i' phide of carbon where asked ai.d plV/Uov^T proof cuttings, not seedlings." DEATH OK MR. S. Bkiye.-The -c-.vc ..ft?., death of Mr. Samuel Bruce, li.-.-iise,; ,-,f ti,'~ Limerick Castle hotel, will be i..-c.-eivc-d surprise and regret. by his r.r.mvr-.;;< ii iond the city and savroundins districts. I; V..V. only on Sunday last that~he was 1!< ?!'". take to his bed, and Dr. J. M. K -.die. called in to attend him, found him' from inflammation of the itite'tint-. ~i"Z patient appeared to improve un :--r the ir- '-'. ment he received until last erettins aJ«v»V '». o'clock, when lie became worse. he shortly alter 10 o'clock. The ..W.;*,} v,"'.) was a half-brother to Mr. \V. Biue. ! >rew,f tliis city, was a native of the .Shet.Vcid Isle* was -19 years of age. He U-av-.s a t--d family of seven young cliild.-e;). The fa ,.-.-! takes place to-morrow aftcriice.:!. Pkotectino Tfiv. K>rr.--A notice np; oar- : i this week's Polire C'.rMO. that the pvot«- d the Game Act has been extended to the c;::-i throughout the year. P.t.\T(.MniE.--On Wednesday and Thur-d" next will be produced in the lb-val I Theatre the beautiful pantomime " M«a Hair." The piece, written by A*tor Broad','";.: musical, tuneful and pleasing, and the sec-n<-.~. and setting of the piece will by attends t'"' Mr. Reg. Ro! ins, of the Theatre Roval. bourne, has beeii engaged for several wc-.-ks painting the necessary scenery. The | magnificent of the scenes is a rer>roducti»a the famous Krand Bazaar .a:' Cairo, wht-A caused such a sens.ition in Melb.-.t:rne at Christ ma:;, when the pantomime " Matrr.was pro duced at the Royal Princess' Theatre. The transformation scene has seven distinct set-. The harleijuinade will be a special feature! The chorus has been diligently trained, ;t;:d "*.> pains spared to make it a great success. H.A.C.B.S.-A meeting will he held to morrow at 3 p.m. in .St. "Kiliar.'s Hal! to in augurate a juvenile contingent. Members d this contingent on attaining'the ace. of It! ve.-.i-s will be admitted to the adult branch without initiation fee. FNTERTAINMFNT.-At a mesth-g of the Bcn digo Total Abstinence Society last night it w.-.s decided to hold a grand concert and a drawhi;.' room entertainment in July, in aid of the fund? | of the View Point free library. TiyrpEKAXCK Mketi.nc.-The ti;< nthiv pv.Uic temperance meeting under the auspices of the I'jendigo Total Abstinence .Society will be held in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening. A pleasing programme has been arranged. Assisting TIIE W"vreo>" Sivnacr.iTiojf Frst*. -A meeting was held in the ftolden-sqiure Fire depot last evening of members of the briga 1« and miners from the New Chum Railway Company to make arrangements for plaviag a football match in aid of tiie Watson '.SsiT. tentation Fund. It was decided to pl,:v a -lat^li on ti2nd June in tb.e Upper Reserve. " THE RECORD REIO.V.- Mr. W. Hampto:!. t;i View Point, has forwarded xis a copy of the I Leader special number dea!i:;g with Qi:?ea j Victoria's record reign. It i> issued at thv.-e : pence, and considering the extent of the reading matter and tiie number and excellence of the illustrations the production is v, ell worth t'ie money. THE W'ATSOX SrsTE.vr.iTio:: JiTH.Ki: F"sn. \- A meeting of the general coiamittee v ill be held at the Town Hall at 4 p.m. to-dav. ?ST. JOHN- AJIKVI.AXCI: Asso.;IATIOX.-I/.e annuttl meeting will be held in the ir.av-Vs room. Town Hall, at 4 o'clock on Th'tvs-'ay afternoon, 10th inst. RECENT PATENTS.-Messrs. Edward Watc.s and Son, Patent Agents, 1.31 William- street, Melbourne (also .Sydney and Brisbane) ir.ve filed the following applications for Victorian patents during the week ended :>rd in-t.: Device for distending the mouths of sacks, etc. -Messrs Aitken, liraves and Farmar. AVelling ton, 31st May, provisional. Adjustable cover f-.r receptacles-Messrs. W. and Cb F. f!ee, Christ church, olst May, complete. Chain-driv::ig gear for cycles-T. O. llowden, Barry-street, Kew, 1st June, complete. .Tnr.iLKE Illvjii.VATIO.ns.-Last evening Mr. J. \V. Faul, Hargreaves-street, had his winii..-.r< set out with illuminations of varied des criptions in a patented transfer material r.f most-artistic designs. The artist had in his mind the possibility of turning his well executed designs into decorative purposes fur ! ,i!i .-."id banquet hall when the 22nd Jvme lias passed. There is also an excellent transparency photo, of her Majesty, and another of her Majesty's Coronation Ceremony. The two latter are we!i suited in size and price for private illumina tions. >Tew colors in prismatic buckets, designs in gas pipings, etc., are shown. We understand tiiat Mr.""Faul has in hand a very appropriate and artistic p;ece of work for the A.M. P. society's offices. The illumination* will be repeated to-night. : IMPORTANT Pnorarrw Bcsisess ASH Tv INC STOCK Sai.E.--A sale of more than ordinary importance will be held to-day, when Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. will submit for pid'h'o competition those well-known centrally situ ated premises known as Messrs. D. Moorhead J and -Sons' produce stores, together with the ! goodwill, business, rollingstock, plant, oSce furniture, horses, lorries, carts, buggies, etc. The sale, which will be held under the terms oi the will of ttie late Mrs. A. Moorhead, widow of the late Mr. I). Moorhead, will take place at two o'clock, on the premises, Lyttleton Tcrraje, and will be sold in one lot, or in lois to -r.;t purchasers. Particulars are advertised. Me--:-. Kennedy a:id Woodward are the solicitor*. from whom particulars of the titles can be ob tained. THE Coldkn CITY Pacini; Ci.ru. - The : privileges of the publican's booth for thi= ivcc.' meeting to be held on Wednesday nc;t at the .South Atlas rac- ecourse will be sold to-day by Messrs. H. M." Marks and Co. at their rooms at . P2.30 p.m. AUCTION Sai.ES. -Messrs. James Andrew at'.l Co. will sell at their rooms to- day at 11 o'clo.'k fresh butter, at 12 o'clock tea, and at 1 o'cl :k waggonettes. SALE OF FREEHOLD LAND, ET . - At 2pm to-day Mr. J. H. Curnow will dispose of the butcher's shop, freehold land, plant, etc., in the insolvent estate of Farquharson Somerville. The sale will take place on the premises. High street. BEEBE and MAYNE, monumental sculptors and general stonemasons, Mitchell-street (mm terminus), beg to inform the general public they supply monuments, etc., of the newest and best designs. All workmanship guaranteed the best - ADVT.] FIXX'S JIAOTC OrXTjreXT'i Manufactory FINN S MAC5TC. OINTMENT I Carinnter-.t. FINN'S LIVER PITJ.S | Bendiso. FINN'S LIVE 11 PILLS J -[ADOS IF Yon W.V.vt-Tiie Flectrio Cycle liglii Fovntain Pens with gold nibs, Os (id ; sjuvialiw. in Rubier Stamps ; Account -Book*" and Gen-_ra Stationery, visit M. .T. E. Stapleton. 27, 29 Aro.'.ae [aiivt.] The Working Men's Quadrille Party held J very enj'.yable social in the Oddfellows' Hall Wednesday evening. About 50 couples were present. ., ,. Mr. W. Capewell. Red Boot Mart. Tall -Va.I, announces a grand clearing sale of shoes. Tlu' prices being exceedingly low --- - be within the i-each of all. ., Messrs E.Sebier and Co., cash drapers. I"-' Mail, elsewhere notify that ttiey ha\'- oiH'ii'-ri . splendid lot of. job lines, which they art-otiennb to the public at prices which should commam! * speedy sale. Some of.the figures are set fortu , the advertisement. " Mr. E. Owen, of the Beiuligo Sports Dcpe>, Williamson-street, makes a lengthy amiour.' meat in our adverti.-ing columns, quoting fl""; prices for many useful and ornamental article . glass, china and fancy goods, also accoroeoti^ games. The reductions will coutinue during -- 