CHARACTER AND DESTINY 'Lord, I believed,' said one confident spirit. ' Lord, I could not believe,' said a poor trembling ghost. ' Science said there was' no God ; Criticism said there were no miracles, and that the Christ of the Bible was a teacher of righteousness, and that nothing but misinterpretation had made Him the Son of God. The current opinion of the time in which I lived was against all but a physical explanation of all that we thought, saw, or felt. Still, Lord, I was not immoral ; I did no man much wrong. I spoke truth, 1 was even self-denying, and withal I tried to believe, for I had the long clothes of belief still hanging about my mind ; and the throwing off of these left me cold and naked. I tried, and I failed.' 'I, Lord,' said the other, ' I tried and succeeded. I knew that if I made a God of my reason, my reason would make no god of God. I knew that if I put out my physical eyes I could not see the world, and if I sacrificed the eyes of faith I could not believe in the spiritual. I accepted the authority of the Church. I kept my belief in revealed religion separate from my learning and science, and while I still ac cepted the results of these latter, I still believed in the former. I, too, may have failed in much duty, but throughout I believed in Thee. I claim no merit in that.' ' And I,' said the other, ' can have no demerit in not believing. Convictions are Devil sends or God-sends ; who can resist them ? I may have been wrong, but who is to blame me ? You might as well punish a man for having his leg broken when he was thrown from a house-top, or for dying of disease.' '' ' Then the Lord said : ? I do not blame or praise. You must live on with your belief in science — it will not now avail you much ; and you shall keep your belief in religion. What ye have made of yourselves, that ye shall remain.' — Times and Days. Don't look for flaws as you go through life, And even when you find them, It is wise and kind to be somewhat blind, And look for the virtue behind them. For the cloudiest night has a hint of light Somewhere in its shadows hiding ; It is better by far to hunt for a star Than the spots on the sun abiding. 