THE WOODS’ OHOST. Possibly General Fawncliffe was eo Bentric because lie could not help it, but it is moro probable that he did things in n manner entirely different from anybody elso bocauso he wanted to bo odd and wanted to make a sensa tion. Ho was a wealthy man, and there fore ho could do very nearly as he liked. Ho was haughty, overbearing and irritablo. I always thought that if he had been tho czar of Russia or the shah of Persia ho would have played his role very well. Ho had built a fine house on the banks of tho Delaware, and at tho verge of tho Block woods," of which ho was tho owner. He was not more than 45 years old and appear ed to be entirely alone in tho world; at any rate, no one in Blockville ever heard that ho had anyrolationB. At the time of which I write I was a young fellow’ of 1G, of no sort of conse quenco whatever, and my name was, but is not now, Pardon Sashwood, though mother and everybody else call ed mo Pardy. My mother'wns a dress maker in tho town and did a big busi ness. She never said anything about my father, and I did not know anything about him, and I concluded that he had been hanged, or otherwise nipped in tho bud, and I did not press my inquiries in regard to him. I was a regular resi dent in Block Hall, as General Fawn clifio called his elegant mansion, and my first duty is to explain how I hap pened to bo a dweller beneath its princely roof. I was very fond of fish ing, and my mother was very fond of eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in tho river. Ono day I sat upon a rock that j)rojected out into tho stream just below tho general’s mansion. Above me was a sandy beach, and while I sat thero the general drovo down upon it in his buggy, with a high spirited horse. I wondered what he was doing there W’ith such a turnout. The horse was lull of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to be well sup plied w’ith spirits, though of tho arti ficial sort. The animal pranced and capered on tho sand, and did not ap pear to havo learned that his master was as impatient ns ho was eccentric. Tho horse had a way of his own, and so had the genoral, aud as tho two ways did not run in the same direction it created an unpleasantness between them. At last the driver used his whip without tho oxerciso of much discretion, and tho bruto manifested himself in a very decided manner. Then I decided that he was trying to drivo tho horse into tho water, whero ho was unwilling to go. But the general got the best of it in the end and drovo the obstinate creaturo straight into the river, as though ho intended to cross to tho other side. In a few moments tho animal had to swim, but ho struck out brave ly, tho general applying the lash all tho timo; in fact, ho scorned to bo whip ping him for his own satisfaction, now that the bruto had yielded tho point. In .-mother moment tho buggy, which appeared to bo floating, suddenly top pled over and spilled the occupant into tho drink. Ho lost his hold upon it, and then I saw that he could not swim. The horse took a circlo around the spot and swam leisurely to tho shore, dragging tho buggy after him. Just below the rock on which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in rushing to it. I had eomo skill in tho use of tho paddle, aud I soon reached tho general, who was floundering about in the water like a grounded whale. He was a largo man, aud I saw that it would bo impossible to get him into the boat. I asked him to tako hold of the stern to support himself while I pad died to tho beach. Ho used expletives and insisted upon getting into the boat. I told him I would leavo him to his fate if ho did not do ns I directed. The threat carried him, and he held on to the boat till his feet touched the bot “I will kill that horse!” ho exclaim ed when he reached the beach and had recovered his breath. “He is the ug liest brute I ever drove. ” “He is not so much of a bruto as yon are, general,” I replied. “You acted like a heathen when you whipped him, and I had hall a mind to 1st you drown.” Ho looked at me in astonishment. Perhaps he thought I had earned tho right to speak my mind, but whethor I had or not I expressed myself as plainly sis though I had been tho gen eral aud he had been Pardy Sashwood. Doubtless it was a new thing for any one to “speak up” to him. “Boy, I want you to come and live with me,” he said, and I was amazed “I won’t do it,” I replied. “I would not live under the same roof with such a porcupine ns you are for all your money.” He actually teased me, and he ex pressed his obligations tome very hand somely, but I stuck to my text. I help ed him right his buggy, now that tho horse had cooled off, and he insisted on driving mo home, which.I permitted him to do. My mother saw me when I got out of the buggy. The general told mo to think of his offer and come to his house if 1 decided to accept it. My mother, after she had heard all about the affair in tho river, insisted that I should accept the offer. I argued against it for a long timo, but I finally yielded to her wishes. The next day I belonged to tho general’s household, and Mrs. Cashley gave mo a hearty wel General Fawncliffe treated me with a degree of consideration accorded to no other person. I helped him about hia accounts and papers, though I was permitted to attend tbo academy. I really came to lilro him after awhile, and I know that I improvod his man ners and morals to some extent. His narrow escapo from drowning had strongly impressed him, I discovered. Ho was a victim to tljat malady of sed entary and lazy people, insomnia. He had been in the habit of drinking more whisky than was good for him as a remedy. He told mo he conld not sleep until he had drank at least six glasses. I roasoned with him, talking flatly and plainly, as I always did. I asked him to stop it and walk ono or two hoars in tho Block woods after 9 in the even ing. He tried it with good results, and after that called me doctor. After he had practiced this walking for a couple of weeks, he told me he had seen a ghost in tho woods three successive nights. I laughed at him and asked him if he had boen drinking whisky again, but he assured me he had not. Tho next night I watched myself in the grove. Suro enough, I Baw a figure in white, though I did not be lieve it was n spirit from the other world. I saw that tho figure tried to approach tho general, hut from fear, or somo other motive, ho kept his distance I had a revolver, and with this in my hand, though it was not loaded, X went with tho general to the woods one bright moonlight night. Tho ghost came as usual, and the general was in clined to retreat. So was the figure when I showed myself. But I pursued it. I held up my revolver and threat ened to firo if tho ghost did not halt. “No, Pardy! Don't fire I I am your mother, ’ ’ screamed the ghost, not know ing that the weapon was not loaded. Sho halted, and 1 went up to her, the general following mo when assured that tho fignro was not a supernatural ono. Sho was dressed in white, as she was usually in Bummer, and I wondered if sho was troubled with insomnia. “Pardy, General Fawnolifie is your father and my husband!’’ exclaimed my mother when the general had come up with us. “Emily!” he exclaimed, “I wonder ed where Pardy got all his impudence, for I thought ho could have inherited it only from mo.” Wo had a long talk in the moonlight. I know that my mother had come from California, bat her former home was one of tho things of which she seldom spoko. Tho general acknowledged her as his wife before me. They disagreed and had separated. For the sake of her son she had followed him, hoping that years had softened his temper. She did not caro to call upon him at his house, but when I became on such excellont terms with him sho had decided to meet him in tho woods, where I had told her that he walked every night. He had fled from her, but sho persevered till I brought matters to a head. My mother is now tho mistress of Block Hall, and I still havo to do a groat deal of plain speaking.—Oliver Optic in Philadelphia Press. 