I Nirhiili;i!i Sydneiiy. ~,?.: : .- I:SrGlTIlD,itt',A sGORN:nAF I itOPtL' AND ,VOUCIIIElI FOIR :It A 13Rl.MIINENT MIESBllEl OF PAR.i.A tll NT. LCl lOMr)R .\TA\II .OSCG CON JIlERFl.:l , INC~iII.lILI. . I;\'' THE IRS'! PIIHYSICI.\N'ITII, \T*W :LI lIAS AT I.AST 1' I?:J CON(ULUEREU. S tR.\IT VICTO' V l'OR DR. WILLIAIS' PINK PILLS. (From the "Australian Workman.") S'in hunrIay afternoon, our represen. tative made his way to the humble home bf .Ir. Tlhomrus Jarris, 46 Crown-lane, tltimo. lie wis discovered nursing a two year-, 1 baby, and h:s face declared him to be one of the hat plest men in S) dney. 1ie was up and about and able to answer lg .kokq.. k at the door. Although pale End bearing s?ill the marks of a critical jllness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road (o convalescence reply to the preliminary questions, Ssaid'" You want to know all about lay ease? Well, I am gladlof an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are strliken as I tras." " How long were you suffering?"' " "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave oft work, and I have done nothing since then. About live years ago, next Christmas, I met :with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath sn Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failine health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" 'Simly indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to in)self and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, an.i could ieither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd lMarch last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order P" Mn. TnoMAs 3±iivs. "No ; I came home and went to bed. -nd have been pretty well in bed ever :.ince. Five weeks ago I could not walk neross the floor; in fact I could not get ,out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all Ihe could, by n, ium and morphia pills, to :ease the agony I was in. I was under ehin for five or six weeks. He came to the coanlusion that I was suffering from •Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomtor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterized by peculiar distur. bances of gait, and difliculty in co brltinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show 'bat medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the allvertisement describing the cure effectled in the case of another boiler.matrer in England. which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. :Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. '. read in the advertisement of a ease which seemeI to fit Dmy own. I deter mined to gire the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was .the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for sany a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth bor. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and 'u gra nsally, but surely, recovering my former vi.or and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They acre made for noe before I got the Pink Pills but I was too weak to use them, and now 1 don't want toeae. All I want is this slick, and I hope "soi?o to dolwithout it You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." ., -. He is 100 per cent. better." said Mrs. Jarris, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills ]ave saved his life, and male another man of him." A friend who called in at this ppint, said that,larris looked tea years youne?ir that day than he dii a fortnight previously. " I can now" continued .arvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeline has come back in my lees. If 1 keep on coing the way I am. I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the v'ery pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am belier to-day than I have been at any time during the past fire years. I ascribe all tihe change and benelit to these Pink Pills. They have saved m'" life. I anm in no pain now. whatever, and feel lil:e a new man. On the wrar.tle piece there is a box of opium) and nuorp' is pill, which the doctor gaveo me to dn;ilr, n the exerrieiating pain Bltr Is,-'y rrn stay where they are for f no oneea.r needi them. Kverybo.ly who hii.',t e uIt. s been amazed at the change in ,.. 'lThey can har,'ly believe their a'i. 1'y Ibeine sahout again has caused st uit . sc i li iin it ihere.' , ' ; i tll eonarksl,. hiinery, ands it ,, fI:' s. nlist is aidl in all the chief e".'1, pers ,f this country of the .- l'his.zp cure. wrought by Dr. Wt:f~ii's' Pitk Pills for Pale People. They, cure. locomotcr ataxy, .partial paralysis,.. and spinal disease, also the many, disorders which. arise from an imporerianed state of the blood, such as an.cmia. pale and sallow complexion. mnusrnlar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache. etc. * Mr. J. S. '. . M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarris. Mr. lI'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he hal to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he dereloped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. Be understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew 'the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtain able from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, ydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 