An Aerial Pliaufcom. BY A 13 ANKER. Am 'Ngrt I he strangest, of all natural phe nomena mav ho. included that remarkable op'ical effect. k-mw ns, the mirago, or futa morgana TUe cause which producoH. this .singn'iU' sunowhat raro spectacle. is at pre.-iont but imperfectly understood; it is however assumed that an aqivous'condition of the atmosphere must exist, sufficiently dense as to form a (.ort of mirror, moio or less concaye, upon which I he olvjYc's.iu the vicinity are reflected aud magnified, the apparent eff. ct being that thpy are brought appreciably nearer to the beholder.. The writer has on two occasions been /brlwmte in witnessing this phenomenon in the South of England. A considerable number of ships were sailing on the horizon,, when gradually a moat extraordinary appearance presented isself, for over each vessel appear ed, an inverted duplicate, a veritable phnn: torn ship, the top of: the mainmast resting upon the corresponding part, of the real ship.. As the vessel tanked, so., the course of the phantom was altered : as a. sajl was lowered,.so.the phantom sailors, standing, on their heads, lowered, a phantom sail; every movement of the real aiid substantial ^vessel being oxactly imitated by its spectral companion ;ths onrt,.how.oY0ivbei,ng: appar ently equally real, and solid as the other., . Every vessel in sight had its double, fol lowiug it about overhead as a living night mare; every sailor,on deck had/an inverted .ghost, who copied his every movement with exact precision ; if he ran up the ratlines the spectre ran down!to meet him, return ing upwards tolfis overhanging deck Avhen tlie liying sailor desceuded. If he saluted his superior officer the spectre did the same. :at the samo moment, as if the two. were ani mated by the.same power. After a time all this vanished away,.and,. | '< Like thn baseless fabric of a.vision, Left.not a wraith behind.". Occasionally this phenomenon is observedto invort high in air objects far below the horizon, bringiug them witliiu the range of vision,of an observer situated far, beyond the I natural range. Iri this way some of. Sir John Franklin's ships were discovered ; and in tlie English Channel, Dieppe, has been seen from Dover, even the fishing boats in the harbour, the buildings, aud the different colour of the laud on the heights being also, ivisible.. Of course, this was ordinarily ;quite out of sight, being below the horizon. This form of mirage occasionally happens in. the desert in.a most tantalising manner, for the weary traveller, sees, a short distance in front of him, a beautiful oasis, palms waviug in a refreshing breeze, which he .feels not in the parching, sultry, heavy ajr, green grass on which he hopes to regale his. exhausted;camels, pools of delicious waier rippling in. the moving air, to which he hur ries, on. in. order to assuage his, burning thirst, and to.bathe hia heated and' weury. limbs. Eagerly he presses forward, im petuous for a draught of that cool and grate ful liquid, when to his dismay and hopeless,, despair he finds that it was all but a tanta lizing illusion, which has. faded, away into nothing, dafbing all bis .hopes of pleasure, to.the ground, and leaving him to plod his ;wenry way over,1 the, hot, burning sand. And do not very many of us-in, our,, pursuit :of- pleasure ? exactly repeat this traveller's I experience, nnd fipd, that the pleasure we 1>ad been eagerly pursuing, to the eternal ir.uiu of soul aud body, was but an insub stantial mirage,, which, eluded our ardent grasp, and left us apauting and exhausted wreck, ruined both for this world and for 'thenext?, But there are pleasures, solid and lasting pleasures, so ecstatic that' the mind;of man is incapable even, of conceiv ing their overwhelming glory, which are ac cessible to all who care to possess them. And the only way to secure an inheritance to those pleasures is to "Eear God, and ;keep His commandments," the atonemeut made once.for all by the Saviour of the world being a sure and absolute passport to, all who will but accept it. 