j H IS telepathic warnings. The door creaked aod tbero was tho sound of a footstep on the carpet. 1 felt glad that some one was uoming, for 1 won lonely. It was Saturday uifiht, and tho cemmcreinl room was drsnrtcd by all save the wait era and myself. This was unusual, for (he Mitre was one of the hunt putioniicd hu tela in tho heart of the city. I often stayed at it, aud as a rote found pleuty of pleasant company there on Saturday evening. Somaone was oooriug into the room. 1 turned ie obtain a glimpq of tho new-comer. My heart gave a heavy thump, and I grasped tbo arms of tbe chair, when I saw. who it was, Atr3.45 that afternoon I had bidden Peter Andrews 44 Oood-bje " opposite Eunton Sta tion. He was going North by tho 4J.0 express. Here, at 7.45, lie stood by me, uulees it were bio ghost. 44 Don't be alarmed," ho said, quietly, throw ing himself into the nbxt ohnir to mine and ringing fur tbo waiter. 41 V/by !" 1 ejaculated with nut prise, 44 1 thought you were in the North Stafford by this!" 44 I'm no). 1 got stopped, " he icplicd, with emphatic Uconistn. 44 OU ! bo acodcut, I hope," was my re joinder, ray intorest being aroused by hia Inst remark. 44 Oh, uo, uo ! At leant, not that I'm aware of as yet. I don't know," ho answered, enig matically. I couldn't help looking hard athim. 1 thought ho had fallen in with riiwipeny mi tho pomt of leaving, hihI pt>iii«qn bad been refreshing freely. Ha saw my look of inquiry. The waiter came, anil ho ordered cigars ami soda- water. The soda Ntrongthe;>e.d rn.y opinion that he had been having kotuotfimg hot ami strong. He lit a cigar, and waited until wn rera alone gain. Then ha drew hia chair naarer to miuv, and I wondered what was comiog, "I darvsayyuirll Think ns a crunk whan 1 toll you that romethiug's going to happen," be snid, looking at me and iHumng forward aa if, he wete about to divulge a i-ecret. ' 44 Ob," J. said, unestMly, lor t felt unouaj. ' ,4 Y«." lie contiuuod. 44 It will lie something fib at condemn ma or our family, m> that it decsu't matter to you or auyouu elte, But winer, hing'ft y.oing to happen, a sute as we're listing bora." . „ . 4i Why do you say so ?.V I. naked him. I. saw now that ha w»n in sober ennit'St, and 1 felt a kind of motbitiinlurefct iu bis prediction, "I'm no hnliet in uclt rtibbisdum' 1 ahouMaay 1 was a medium or a M»batm«," be replied, canting a atuftlcd glance upon mo. 44 But for years pnst. wben anything of unnnol moment was goiug to occur iu our . family, I've had a piemonition uf it., 1 could hnrdly cell you bow tuauy timet! I've hnd th«r»e telepathic wnrnings, for that's whut 1 call them. I here- been stopped on tho very point of doing something; tbnt would have cbaugod my life. 44 Do you iciuembur 'wbr.n tho Tay Bridge went down ? Zt was Sunduy night, Decftin- bsr 20tb, '79. I shall always rrra<mbvr that- date. 1 ought to have benu in that train. v had arruused to go by it from Kdinhnrgb. But, latum tiro tifttrmxjw, such nn irresistible" con viction took bnli) of ' me that 1 must stay where 1 wav, that in spite of myself 1 had to atay. 1 shouldn't have been here to-sight- if 1 had joined that train. Welljust as I was going to book this afternoon, something wbifpeiad to uro Stop !' 1 laughed »t tho idou. Thau it came again, 4 Stop where you ore!' 1 remem bered tho bridge train, and another lima when that seme voice, saved me &L0;,U0D, and 1 halted to think. ' 1 thought it might all bo fancy, and that it would bo swfuliv nwkwurd if 1 did not go uo, as it was Satuiday. 1 had just; decided to get my ticket .and go, whon tbe voice, or whatever it wss, spoke again, so peremptorily that L was staggered. .Thwe was wo doubt abodt.the inanuing of that third order. I wan not lo go North by thuli truin, I turned away from the booking office, and want. down into tbe city for a bit, and heie 1 am, awaiting devrlopmonts." He lay back in h»s ohalr, quietly puffing his cigur, the pieturo o/ resignation. ' v' 44 You spoke of tho 4 voice,' as you osllcd it, flaring you £10,000. How w»n that ?" I oskod, fveliug that thereby might baug au interesting tale, and wanting to bear raoru about his use ful telepathic mentor. 44 It was over the buying ' of a baainess," ho replied. 41 £ was looking out for something to put some money into, ami 1 heard of a Manchester business in our own line, which I thought would just do. It had been running for thirty years, nnd wua said to huve the making of » good thing in it. My proprietors wete retiring, at any rnte they umde out tbnb they wanted to retire aud soli tbe business an a going concern. I went up and made inquirios aud looked at tho plaoe. Tbey Hho.ved ran the bnokfi and an auditor's certificate, and every thing seemed strnightforwKrd and gnauiue. rn.„_ J?in fin fs, . u » ,ui>.M M.,U 11.4 VIIV 4UkU£ I TV I tu oravh and machinery, us it stood. 44 1 thought I'd buy, for it looked like a vond thing, ami I Imd ideas about working trod open ing out now lmet, 1 went over again a seuoud time, and took an accountant with me. He looked through the books, and said thoy were in order, bdt 1 auw he wasn't salisfiod. 4 You know there'll nothing to show for some of thrse .totals,' he said. 4 They may ba right or not ; thero's no evidence cither way.' J bad taken a fancy to tbe place, and thought he was a littlo too particular. There appeared re be a lot of trade doing, and £ suppose I got a little cx- oitad over tho thought of controlling the thing. So I made up my mind to buy. 44 1 hud asked different people !n (be trade about it, but none of them could give pro any trustworthy information. The ooly one wbo would give an outspoken opinion upon it was an old friend iu thn machine trade, a long-headed uun who always eoemed to mu as if ho could nee as far again as anybody eloe into everything. I remember how angry I felt with bim when bo said to me, 4 Feter, don't touch it unless you mean to sell off the old rim as scrap And put machinery in. it'll cost you £20,000 if it costs a penny to make it of any use to you, It's as ancient us tho pyramids. Don't touch it.' I didn't believe him. 1 knew the rooms weren't of the newest kind, but thoy were working on, and I thought it was all right. 4 'I remember sittiug down at homo ono night and indulging in a big think over tbe whole matter. I wss infatuated with it and still muaut to buy tne place, The cost would nearly have cleaned me out, but that wouldn't havo signified if everything had boon right. 44 But no sooner had I come to this final deci sion than there rang through my brain a loud and omiaoun 4 Dont !' 44 4 Dash it !' I said to myself. 4 Haunted again !' £ got up aud walked about the room. I looked at-tbo pictures, aud then camo back to my estimates of the business, I eheckod the principal totals uud tho calculations l'bsd made upon thorn. Tiey were all right, and 1 felt elated at having my hand ou u thing which vrus going to work out that way, 4 111 lay it,' I said, as I folded up tbe papers and carefully put them away. 44 1 went to bed haunted with a vagnu feel ing that something unpleasant was impending. £ knew the feeling arose out of the business I wus going to buy, but I tried to think 1 had got a fit of indigestion. I didn't want to pat it down to its proper cause. It might havo shaken ray resolution, and just thon £ didn't want it shaking. I wanted that business, ( \- ' v.;- - , .1. 44 1 lay awake thinking about it for a long while, but nt last 1 dropped asleep. All of a sudden there stood out before my eyen au enormous telegraph ' form, with a tucsssgu upon it. The form was of a semhtranspareut white, like an opal window-pane, aod the letters of soft ethereal blus, but perfectly distinct. There was a tremor over the whole, as if it were some electric device. 1 felt myself grow cold and clammy" as I read tbs uiws»ge. It was tiffs:— Fkkl to Andukws Don't touch. Orowtbaad's Profits nil. Exs. heavy. Trade nearly gono. George Feel was my machinist friend. Orowt- heid'a were the holders of tho business I was going to buy. I could not sleep. Tbe blue letters of that message were as firmly fixed on ray mind us the form of auythiug I ever saw. I cuuld not dismiss it then or perautde myself I had been drooinlng. So l got up and dressed myself and spent the time prontouading the bedroom finer. -But right up to broad day light those phsntom words were before me. 44 1 found it was of no use, and that for some roniion 1 wits not to buy tiro Crowthcftdjo place. Voiy much to my uhagrio 1 was compelled to decide not to touch it." Feter Andrews oraded spanking, i felt that be hud not told nro all the story. I waited n littlo while to biro if lie would resuinH. 44 Whet came of tbe buMvcae ?" 1 aakod, see- iiiL' that he had corteinlr told me all he meant To. 41 Ah, how ttutiid !" he snid. 44 I quite for got la tell you. In two monthfl the pUco was in the rrceivrr'fl hands. In the end one of the biggest creditors tonk it over, juyitig h certain mini to thp others. It whs k«q»t coiug for three or four- rente, aud then oleurod out nnd turned iulo a warehouse, I reckon > should have lost uvety penny of the £10,000 and morr, toe, over it if I'd tikeu it." 44 How did you account for that telegram boating your friend Feel's name ?" I said to him, thinking that part of the story as btrnnge as it wbh shadowy. 44 That wm au exii'anr(Unary thing, indeed, as you will say wheu I tell you all about it," he replied. 44 1 didn't (tee Fool for quite a oionth after llmt, but whon next I met him, tho first thing he suid mh9, 4 Wnll,"what about Crcrothnnd ?' 4 OIj, it's all off.' l answered. Then I told bim about Die Mogi'am, aud why I had. de cided not to touch the business." 44 4 Well, .now, that's. uiytleiiouA,' be said, taking out his pocket book snd turning over tiro loaves. 4 On yaroliJ.9,' he went on, 4 1 got Homo information Jilvout that business that 1 thought I'd like to send )Ou. I lurmid it over in my mind ,'for I had doubts as to whether it was a proper thing for me to do. I thought as 1 Imd got tiro inforumliou. you'd ,b« sure Us have it. Then 1 thought I'd risk it and wiro you I was at homo, so I got u form Hnd filled it up rod put it iu this identical book. I got my tea and then went out to send you tho telogiHM and make some calls in tho town. At the telegraph office I took out my pocknt book to band, the meossce iu for diapatob. To ray ttuip'/omont, it was uot there. 1 examined every thing is rny book and in my pocket, hut Ibeio was uo telegram form. This firicovery ami tho doubts I'd had about tho wisdom of stunting h inn»6Hgo at all ho bothered rue that 1 decided not to wire yna.' 44 4Do you remember' what you had written ?' 1 asked btra, as I was perplexed by the whole proceedings. 44 He toldme without hesitation. The wmds were exactly the aanou a« those which hud ap- pwtrert to me iu the oigbt, uud, strangest pttrL of- all, .< afterwards found that tho night ou which be bail iosfc Ida telegraph form was the very oight on which fhc-mytU-rtoiM words weru bufyre mu. You. may explain it an you please. I didn't- buy the Imsiuexa, and X reckon it saved run £'£0,020 at ler.t." , . The door sgaiu r">«kf). 44 Ik Mr. Feter Andrews hern?" the waiter aaked, as he entitled the room. <4Y»s, be in I That's ray name ' " answered my companion, Bpringing from his choir and advancing to meet tliu waiter, who held a tele gram in his baud. "This iii for you, sir, or for tu> to send ou after you if you'd left, utid we know whare you were," said the waiter, handing bim the tele gram. Mr. Andrews glanced over the message. 44 Here you are ! Didn't I tell you so ? Rend thin ! " he snid, pairaiug tho telegram to me. It wao from Kirkby Btephen, and re»d : — 41 Come by Lincoln. Jaok has wired something wrong." 44 It's from ray nifo," said Fetar Andrews. 44 Jack's my brother. . He lives in Lincoln Thero's evidently something up. What a goeri job 1 didn't go on ! I'd havo been at Crewe by this timo and the tolngram would have mimed me. 1'U say 4 Good night.' 1 must get down to Lincoln somehow. 4 Good night ! ' " Ho hurried out of the room, and left me won dering what AtcongA tolopnthio influence was thus guiding his di sl-iuy. 