FOOTBALL, Football Notes. I A meeting of the metropolitan branch of the New South Wales Rugby Football Union was held on Monday evening. Mr. J. F. -Macmanamey occupied the chair. A quantity of correspondence was re ceived aud doalt with, the most important being from Mr. J, Harrington, referee of the Marrickville Newtown first junior match on Saturday. He re ported a player for misconduct, and the complaint, together with evidence, will be heard on Monday next. Mr. S. Monaghan reported a player for struung aim, wane acting as reieree, w tne mated Newtown Cambridge v. Bay view, and consideration was postponed till Thursday evening. The referee of the Manly Federal-Richmond engagement re ported the latter team for abuse, and this is also to ba heard on Thursday. The request for a grant by the referee's association was complied with, and the sum of £10 103 was voted. Mr. A. E. Nash resigned his position as vice-president, and his resignation was accepted. The following transfers were ap proved :— J. B. Palmer, Waverley to Balmain Waiatah ; W. Dudgeon, University II. to Buc caneer ; T. R. Jackson, Glebe to Victor/a. A motion w-is submitted that the branch take over the control of the country week, and was defeated. JNctice was given for consideration of the matter at the ~ next meeting. Mr. W. A. Rand forwarded his resigna tion aB hon. secretary to the branch. Mr. B. Hol land moved, — 'That it be received with regret;' while Messrs. R. A. Arnold, P. M. Lano, and Hen derson urged the withdrawal of the resignation. Mr. Rand, however, regretted that it was impossible for him to continue in the position, and after many of those present had referred to the valuable ser vices that Mr. Rand had rendered to the branch uuion, aud a motion embodying the remarks was placed on record, the resignation was accepted. Mr. C. Mathews-Drew was elected to the vacancy. The vacancy caused by the resignation Mr. Nash as vice-president was then filled by the election of Mr. Rand, who briefly acknowledged the compliment. Bythe time(3.30) arrived on Saturday afternoon the southerly wind was blowing cold aud cheerless, and it needed no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that before many minutes were passed rain would be falling. Indeed shortly after the rival fifteens ap peared the faintest evidence of tho rainbow was ample proof of what was iu store. Gradually that bow extended right across, as it appeared to ttose in the yavilion, from Randwick to the northern terrace of the ground, and it was quickly followed by another, falling short of the former, however, in brilliance. Fine rain fell for some time, and about half-way through the first half it came down iu bliudwg torrents, and continued so, with now and then a brief respite throughout the afternoon. Notwithstand ing the prospects of dirty weather, about 2000# spectators put iu au appearance, which goes to show that au exciting game was anticipated. Wallaroo and Went worth both occupy a high position iu public estimation, and though it was considered that the latter was just about the stronger combination of the two it was admitted that Wallaroo would fight a great battle. Wentworth woil the toas, and, of ofeurse, elected to defend the southern goal, having the strong breeze behind it. Immediately after the kick off Wallaroo j was placed on the defensive, Wentworth secured a mark within fairish distance of the goal,' aud Light took a drop. Though the kick had plenty of power behind it, it lacked the necessary direction, and the marsupials forced. Light again just missed scoring. He took a place from a mark, and went outside the post. Wallaroo gradually worked the oval back into the Wentworth half, and thence on to the 25-yard lino. Here a free was awarded ; but Row, with the strong wind to contend with, could not im part sufficient force into the kick. Almost imme diately after a second penalty was awarded to Wallaroo, and again the effort iell Bhort. With the aid of the wind, Wentworth now relieved, and quickly the scene was changed to Wallaroo's 25, and here the latter was penalised for offside by Webb, and Light placed for goal, and ' placed a goal,' and Wentworth led by three to nil. The leaders, recognising that theic beat chance was in seizing every opportunity while the wind was favourable, forced the pace at a great rate, and after a succession of knocks at the Wallaroo's portals, Poulton at length following up some rather fine play by O'Neill and Howe, E. A. Martineer, from, a throw in, crossed the line jind scored in doBe proximity to the goal posts. Light, who has a mania for goal -kicking, succeeded in landing this also over the bar, and thus increased Went worth's total to 8 points to nil. Rain now came down in torrents, and beat fairly into Wallaroo's faces. Lane, M'Phail, Row, and Haf lis, -assisted by others, now showed out prominently, and getting in a; strong passing ruth carried the play right forward, and fur some time the scene of operations was on the touch-line in - Wentworth'B half. The latter's defence was too strong, and half-time arrived without any alteration in the score. It was now Wallaroo's turn to make matters move, and, with the exception of one or two very brief in tervals, the game was confined to Wentworth's half. It was here that the latter showed its extraordinary defence. Time after time did Wallaroo appear certain to score, but M'Cormack, _E. A. Martineer, War brick, and the rest always' managed tb block every effort by Wallaroo. M'Cormack was especially strong in his position as full back, although it must be admitted that the marsupials had bad luck on several occasions. Once Roberts looked to have secured a try, but, to the surprise of those in the pavilion, it was civen a Gainst him. and on another occasion the Wallaroo loft the opportunity of scoring by the ball running over the dead ball line. In the midst of some dose work Wallaroo at length was awarded a free, and Row brolf£ the ice by negotiating the goal, and this made the game 8—3 in favour of Wentworth. .Without fur ther score the game ended in a victory for Went worth. The teams were : — Wentworth : W. Warbrick, full back ; Slade, Light, and F. Martineer, three quarters ; M'Corjnick, Prout, and E. A. Martiueer, halves ; Poulton, Howe, Marriner, O'Neill, Dent, Dearman, Murray, and Bowers, forwards. Wal laroo : A. Gardiner, full back ; Bethel, Row, and Jacques, three-quarters ; Roberta and M'Phail, halves ; Lane and Harris, wing forwards ; Webb, Shortus, .Lyall, Underwood, Docker, Wentworth, and Strong, forwards. . The Agricultural Ground was not visited by more than about 800 spectators to view the engagement between Randwick and University, notwithstand ing that this fixture last year was oneof the -best of the series. The snail attendance was due to the fear of- a soaking, against which on that ground there is not much protection. Judging by the rapid strides thiB society had made within the pat few years the time is not far distant when extra accommodation will be erected. The public can rest assured that as Eoon as funds admit Mr. Fred. Webster will not lose sight of that necessity. So far as an exhibition of football is concerned the game was an attractive one, but had the controlling influence on this occ ision of- water been absent the game would have been much more gratifying. When half-time arrived Alma Mater had registered 8 points to nil, an advantage that was not con sidered to be sufficient to return victory in the end. This was borne out, for last year's cracks put up 9 points ? in the second half to their opponents' nil, and thus just annexed the win. Within a few minutes of opening Busby got possession, and dodging well secured first blood in the nature of a try close to the goal posts, and Walsh added the extra couple of points. The University forwards, recognising that their game was to forte to their utmost, continued to trouble the Randwick defence, and showed greater power in the scrams and in the heeling out. Barrie, Galloway, and Fraser had to keep their weather eyes well open to resist the attacks. University appeared just now to dej-end more upon its fast rushes than passing. A period of unpleasant work for Randwick was at length relieved by Evans, who, running strongly, safely reached the 'Vaisity's 25. The relief was, however, but temporary, for, with the assistance of the wind, the sphere was earned back; aud a penalty being awarded against ? the premiers, Shortland registered a goal. This success brought the Uci's total to 8 to nil. Dalton at this stage gained much ground for his side by his re peated pantings into touch. A. grand passing rush by Randwick almost resulted in a try, M'Mshon passing to Galloway, who sant along to Barrie, who sprinted along the line, but just as he reached the goal line was tackled by Wood, in whose em brace Barrie fell. In anticipation of a try having been secured the supporters of Randwick were jubi lant, but, a force by 'Varsity was all the damage. The leaders then lost an opportunity of increasing their score through a piece of fumbling. Corfe got'in his run, aud then being threatened, passed to Miller, and he on being faced by Parish sent, to Shortland, who, however, failed to get possassion, and lost the opportunity. An exciting bit of play followed this, iu which M'Mahon on the one hand, and Woods on the other took part. The former broke away near his own 25 and got through the three-quarters and passed Woods before the latter seemed to be aware of that fact. With a start of three yards M'Mahon was going strongly, but after him went tho 'Varsity full back. The latter proved the fleeter footed and overtook his man before much damage was done and brought him down to mother earth. This incidont caused the greatest excitement, and brought the first half to a close. The heavy showers that had fallen during the Becond half of the first spell had imparted much grease to the ball — a condition that all the thirty frankly tdinitfed ; the ground, however, quickly soaked up the moisture and thus the spills were minimised, and things were not so bad as they might have been. The. opening of the second half was recognised by J. Fraser with a capital run, and *he game was car ried on iu the vicinity of the University's dtadel, and in turn the latter was placed on the defence. Ex cellent asgrcSBive play by tho Frasers, the agile Miller— who is fast coming to the very front rank — Evans, and M'Mahon was responded to by meri torious tackling by Wood, Corfe, and Miller, though on a couple of occasions it appeared that Randwick would break through. This, however, they succeeded in doing, though not after much exertion. J. Fraser whipped past Seaborne, but found Wood to be the lion in the path. Galloway, however, coming hard behind, picked Up, and then passed to Brauud just at the right time, and the latter crossed and scored. Barrie's kick was not successful, aud the game stood— University 8 to 3. The only aggressive play by the 'Varsity in this half was when Marks reached Parish, but nothing of any moment resulted. M'Mahon again shone out, and then passed to Miller, who, sprinting round the wing in elegant style, secured second try. Just as Barrie was making his kick for goal the ball rolled and spoilt the chance. A few minutes later Galloway from a penalty dropped tho goal, and thus placed bis side in the lead ~by 9 ppiuts to 8, and with this the whistle sounded ' full tame.' The margin was a remark ably narrow on6. The teams were.: — Randwick: Back, H. P. Parish ; three-quarters, f. Duggan, C. Eva,is, and S. Miller ; halves, W. Barrio and W. Galloway ; forwards, J. Fraser, J. M'Mahon (wings), A. G. Fraser, A. Hatraa, A. Scott, A, Braund, G. Outram, H. Slee, J. Beaumont. University : Back, H. D. Wood ; three-quarters, Miller, Corfe, Seaborn ; helves, Daltoa, Litchfield ; forwards, Shortland, Marks (wings), Grassick, Busby, Walsh, M'Lean, Jones, Blue, Moore. Pirate aud Paddington provided a good contest on the University oval, the result being a win for the former by 16 points to 7. With due allowance being made for the wet ball and slippery ground the match was bright with strong individual play and full of interest. The attendance, as might have been expected, was very small. W. Gregory was the first to show prominently, and by a dodgy run earned the ball into the Pirate's lair, and then Baesetti came along and rendered bis assistance, with the result that a try was secured, though it was almost stopped at tbe last moment by that promising full-back, Harper. The kick failed, and thus Paddington registered its fiist score for the season. Gregory again commenced to move .with a splendid feinting run. Shortly after, how ever, M'Namara narrowly missed scoring a penalty goal for Pirate, the ball just missing the bar, but a few . minutes afterward he was afforded a eecond opportunity,, and this time succeeded in negotiating the goal, aud thus the scores were equalised. Nelson, Carson, Lott, and Baird now showed out well for Pirate, with the result that from a pass by them Macnamara passed to Lott, who ran well and then forwarded to Shaw, who., after a dashing sprint, scored near the corner. The kick did not convert, and Pirates led by 6-3. Macnamara, by means of a feinting run, cleared all in front and scored, aud then added the extra points. 11-3. Asihworth, for Paddington, then potted a field goal, and this was Paddington's last score. Neleon shortly after secured a try right behind the posts and the try was converted, and with the game 16 to 7 iu favour of Pirate the whistle for full time sounded. For Pirate Macnamara, Shaw, Lott, Boyd, and Carson showed out splendidly, and the best work for Paddington is to be credited to Gregory, Woodhill, Riva, and BasBetti. The teams were Pirates : Harper, full- back ; Shaw, H. A. Evers, aud P. Macnamara, three quarters ; Lott, five- eighths ; A. Boyd, half ; M'Mahon, Nelson, Baird, Carson, Ellis, Jervis, Hagerty, H. Nelson, and Warman, forwards. Pad dington : Woodhill, full-back ; W. Gregory, Riva, and Ash worth, three-quarters; O. Gregory, five eighths ; Coulsou, half ; O'Brien, Briggs, Cham bers, Love, Adams, Lees, M'Donald, Bassetti, and Alexander, forwards. The sixth annual matsh between the leagues of Scotland and England was played at Ibrox, Glas gow, 24th April. Ever since its institution the contest has created an interest iu the country second only to the international proper between the two associations. Beautiful weather favoured the event, with the result that fully 40,000 spectators were present whenplay was started. Two changes were made in the English tean^. Holt and Millward, ot Everton, were absentees, their places being filled by Cr&wahaw; (of Sheffield Wednesday) andBradshaw (of Liverpool) respectively. The Englishmen kicked off, but a foul drew thejn up before they made much progress. Scatlaud then broke away, and all but seint the ball past Sutcliffe. The Englishmen again pressed, but the splendid defence of Scotland kept them at bay. Devey aud Athersmith were seen to advantage, and it was only the splendid play of the Scottish halves that prevented them from finding the net. The play continued to be hotly contested, but when the interval arrived neither side had scored. After a lengthy rest the players reappeared. With the wind in their favour, the Englishmen made a ^persistent attack ou the Scottish citadel, and brilliant goalkeeping by M'Farlan alone saved the home colours. Bloomer and then Athersmith had capital eugta, but both failed in their att$mpt§. The play | now took a decided turn in favour of Scotland. A short rally between Walker and Spencer terminated in the tall going across to Low. The Ranger was lyiug in a handy position, and promptly struck the intended mark. Tbis success was received with perfect thunders of applause, the crowd going almost frantic iu their demonstrations. On resum ing, a little good fortune to tho Rose might have balance,! the score, but Devey, at ths crowning moment, was declared off- side. From the kick the Scotsmen dashed away, and Miller succeeded in putting his side one point further ahead. The goal was aided by a misunderstanding among the backs. The Scots wore now playing beyond themselves, aud in a little while Macplierson planted the third goal for Scotland. The match was now practically over, and interest seemed to die down, though the players never relaxed their efforts — the Scotsmen to empha sise their win, aud the Englishmen to improve their position. Meitber, however, were successful, and the game thus ended in the unexpected, though de cisive, defeat of the Englishman by 3 goals tc nil. The following are the positions of tbe clubs engagagsd in the senior competition. A win counts two points : — Points- tJamn Mteli. Won. Lost, Drwn. ? For. Ag'st. Wentworth. 3 3 - — 43 j 11 G Randwick... 3 3 — — 30 17 G Wallaroo ..3 1 2 — 19 13 2 University .. 3 1 2 — ii4 29 2 riratcs ... 3 1 2 — 31 31 2 Padilingtoa. 3 — 3 — 7 ! 53 — Manly Federal v. Bichmond was started at Manly Oval on Saturday, and reached the stage of Richmond 7 to Federal 4 at about a quarter of an hour before fini-ihing time, when the umpire called the Federals off on account of certain words used by a Richmond player, and dcoliucd the event no match. North Sydney first juniors played Petersham at the Kensington Rccrcation Ground, aud the game proved to bo a very closa and exciting one, resulting eventually in a win for the former by 3 points to nil. The try was secured by Whalley. Mr. Armstrong was referee. The King's School and 6t. Ignatius's College met on the King's School ground. After a very even game the School won by 5 points to nil. During the first half neither side scored. 'In the second half Riley, for School, inter cepted a pass and scored, Verge converting the try into a goal. Amongst those who displayed good form for the School were Futter, Barton, Body, Riley, and Verge ; while for St. Ignatius' Punch, Frastr, O'Brien, and Breen played well. Balmain Austral (British Association) met the North Sydney Rangers on the Bircbgrove Reserve, Snails Bay. Tlie loc.il men succeedel in scoring their fiist win tbis eeason by 5 goals to 1. The best work for the winners was put iu by Young, D. Mylc.i, lied berg, Smith, Roberts, and -M-Ci-ue. On Saturday the second of the Great Public Schools' foot- ball competition matches was played on the Hunter's Hill ground. St. Jossph's College and the Sydney Church of .England Grammar School met, and, contrary to expecta tion. the contest was veiy even, the Syduey Church of Eng land Grammar learn playing up with great skill and deter mination. After about 20 minutes' play in the first ppell Kelly, of St. Joseph's, sccured a try by falling on the ball after its being forced through a loose scrum. No further score resulted, St Joseph's tiim winning by 3 to nil. For the winners Moratli, Allan, Glctson, ai.d Quill, played well, and for the losers Armstrong, Ljne, Bland, and the fi' mm half did capital work. In tbe absence of a union umpire, Mr. Bode refereed in a manner which gave satis faction to both teams. In the First Junior competition Mercantile defeated Str.ithtteld on the Bur wo ad Recreation Ground by It points o nil. For the winners Fitzgerald (twj), Ferguson (one), and H. Mncmanamy (one) secured tries, one of which Ferguson eouvcited . Forest Lodge Cambridge fourth juniors beat Willoughby Federals at Willoughby on Saturday by S points to nit. Mason, for the visitors, kicked two fine goals from the field, and played in great form. Others showing con spicuously for the winners were Mocklers, llardwick Pickering, Stall R ood, Fogarty, and Eoberts. For the losers all played well, and deserved better luck. Mr. Levy earned out the duties of referee. Balmain Waratahs defeated Newtown Orlando in the fourth junior competition on tho Bircbgrove Reserve, Snails Bay, the former winning by 12 points to 3. Sullivan and Joyce secured tries, and York twice added the extra two points, and also kicked a goul from the field. Slade scored a try for Newtown. ALBION PARK, Saturday. A football match to-day between teams roprc - stilting Balgownie and Albion Park ended in a draw. Each side scored two goals. BATHURST, Saturday. In the football match for tho Barton Cup St' Stanislaus' F. C. defeated die All Saints' ream by 12 points to i. For the winners a try each was obtained by Campbell and P. Kenny, the latter of whom scored a goal aud drop-kicked a goal from tho field. For All ISaiuts' N, Smith drop-kicked a goal. t CAMDEN, Saturday. A football match took place at Camden to-day between a team from Picton and a local team. It resulted in a wiu for the visitors by 24 points to 4. HILLGROVE, Saturday. The Hillgrovo football team played the Armidale Arfcums here to-day, the first match of tho New Euglaud Union senior cup series. The scores were — Hillgrove, 3 ; Arfomas, nil. NOWRA, Saturday. A football match, Gcrriugong against Shoal haven, was played here to-day, and resulted in a draw. ORANGE, Saturday. The first round of the senior competition in con nection with the Central Western Rugby 'Union was played to-day. The match, Warataus versus Our Boys, at Orange, was won by Waratahs by 10 points to 3. The match between Luckuow and liowen Brothers, at Lucknow, was won by Lucknow by 15 points to 11 points. COOLAMON, Saturday. The football season opened here to-day for the Murrumbidgee District Association premiership, under the Vietoriau league xulos, tho Wagga Federals meeting the local team in the first round. After a good game the result was— Coolamon. 24 points ; Federals, 12. MELBOURNE, Sunday. The football matches played yesterday resulted as follows : — Essendon, 6 goals C behinds, scoring 42 points, beat Fitzroy, 2 goals 8 behinds, 20 points ; Melbourne, 11 goals 10 behinds, 76 points, beat St. Kilda. 7 goals 4 behinds, 46 points ; South Melbourne, 5 goals \ behm&i; 41 points, beat Collingwood, 5 goals 3 behinds, 83 points ; Geelong.-S goals 14 behind*, 44 points, beat Carlton, 8 goals 4 behinds, 22 points ; North Melbourne, 6 goals 5 behinds, 41 points, beat Port Melbourne, 2 goals 8 behinds, 20 points; Footscray, 2 goals 10 behinds, 22 points, beat Williams to wd, nil, 4 points ; Bruniwick, 8 goals C behinds, 04 points, beat Richmond, 4 goals 15 behinds, 39 points. NEWCASTLE, Sunday. The football season opened yesterday, but owing to tho inclemency of the weather the number of spectators was not as large as was anticipated. The Carlton and Homiltjn clubs met in the first round of the senior competition, both sides playing short The match resulted in a draw, no scores bung recorded. The Centennials defeated tho Mait by C to nil. In tlie first junior matches the Race course Rangers B defeated Morpeth by 12 to 8, and Bur jjooi B defeated Lambton by 12 to nil. The Vcronaa and the Burwood C met in the second junior competition on tke Union ground, the match resulting in a draw. 