? _ LADY TUBHH. ' : ;i/ ''?- GPAPTER XIV AN AMATEOR JEWEL COLLECTION Then there's the possible contingency .??'.r* tvtbat ,tbo possible husband Tor lover has , :Tj. /??'got knocked. oh tho head,? \or has died '*?' '''ookifo'rtably in hia bed, like an honest man. Of coarse we know roll about Moreone, Raccoldi & Co. I've a [great mind to leave the people here alone alto gether, go baok to town with -thes? two \- . stones, frighten 3tbe London ]ewmer . Oi 1 bhants into a; confession, and i arrange that they shall be . let. down easy on making restitution. In that case they'll probably unveil the mysterious Mrs. 'X .Hillj &nd; Vpeach.' upon her in ? order to \£pr6ye their own virtue. And if Sir V : Gerald Theveney finds out that , Miss ;- Tj „SVerpoint is 'mixed up with a gang of 11 .burglars, he probably won't marry her. ? That's pretty well enough to ohoks any man off, particularly a man of position like Sir Gerald Theveney. I'll go back V;;. wto.,tQwn at Jonce. I'll ? tackle Moreone; ; - Raccoldi & Co., and there's no doubt I ^ shall bring the thing home to somebody, ,-~r. j and get the rigkt-pig by the ear at lafet ; ) ?! ?} uBesideSi lthey'll 'probably ;( know ' souie ^ , ? thing about Mrs. Hill at the office, and s 'the French police in the Riviera are sure to have her dossier if she really -is about on the..' flash lay.' I take it my business herb is 'done. The express leaves here to-morrow at nine, and I'm a : \;gentjeman at large till then; George, I \- 1 think Mr. Brown had better begin to enjoy himself a little. What do you say, George? Do you agree with me 7 Qoit« 80 I' M'V CHAPTER XV. - : ' WILL HE EVER FORGIVE ME ?' / Endalie Verpoint, the adventuress, ' ' 00L- habitual coolness since ;she had,, learned that she-.-had a lieart. - ,She ~ was no longer the cold and: calculating woman who lived only to commit crime ? - ^'ani then to skilfully obliterate its tracies. . She had trioked . and entrapped Gerald Theveney, and then, like the fowler who , is caught in his own snare, she had :y ' fallen in ; love ' with him. l't was ii6t: .y' merely' his good looks that now attracted her ; of his position in tbe world she bad S';, ?'ceased 'to 'think. She 'no longer con v „ flidered him as a prey, as a stake| to be -,lplayed for and won, if possible, but; as ,K ' ^ the lord of her heart, the man whom Cv i- . flhe loved- better, .than life itself. Yery 1 weak of her, perhaps, but as we know ' ?' Women are not ? ?? ' ??????? In their best f eortunes strong.' ; \- - But when a woman loves, as Endalie ^ ? Verpoint did, we all know that they are ^f/; s .^-.-iwaak indeed. . And the girl lived in a t, r:-: ; eonstant terror, the . terror .of being ' found out. Gerald had only been too glad to take 'Her at- her own valuation — -a beautiful |*. e girl, a lady, well educated, of good posi 'j tion, of., his own sooial rank. - But the Vv.'time might come when Gerald would make enquiries . which it would bo V' ,- . awkward to answer, enquiries which Would have to be met by lies. It is very V~';.eaBy to toll, a lie, but. to build up a whole . ' , atrueture of lies needs genius, partieu i. ' * Inrly if they are not to be found out. -. . And Endalie had grown weary of lying £v.:'. ' -. to the man she loved, simply because ' ? ' she iloved him so ; and when the trim , ? parlourmaid came into the drawing \- room after lunch with a telegram upon fK . ; ?? her little salver, Endalie's fingers trem bled as she took it up, and the girl's , : face flushed slightly with fear. But a happy smile oversproad her handsome . face as she read its contents. ' ' There's no answer, Ellen,' she said. And then, as the girl left tbe room, ' v she turned to the clock, f ' He'll be here in half an hour,' she thought. And then she looked once : more at the little piece of pinkish paper, ? , - '.Please wait at home for me. I. am coming to bring you great good news at half-past two. — G.' ' 'Goods now!' thought Endalie; ?'Ho can have no other good news to tell me than that it is possible to hasten our marriage. Oh, that it were once Over, and thai I dared to tell him ! But . . that can never bo, for Gerald is an hon est man, and would spurn from him the woman who is nothing but a common . thief. But then he loves me, and in ?- ? ; - that great lova of his he may find pity — 6; when I am his wife, but not before. ' ? ? But will he ever forgive me for cheating and deceiving him ? Can I ever daro to tell him ? No ! That must be my very . , -last resource; ;-\FortuDe bag nover failed Die yet,' and surely the cup of happiness will not.be dashed from my lips just as It toubhes' them. What' can his good news be, I. wonder? Perhaps, .perhaps,'' she thought, and she became pale as- a ghost at the idea-~' perhaps they have , ;!come upon the; traces of Winnie's jew els, and thus, he being placed above sus picion (for' ho may have fancied ho was r' ' suspected); he looks upon that as great , . good news. Ho, it can't be that.' .And then the well-known knook was heard at tho outer door of the flat, and Endalie, with a woman's instinct, took ? one look in' tho mirror, and pressing hor blanched lips between her teeth and seat ing herself in a graceful attitude, await ed tho arrival of her lover. Tho door was flung open by Ellen, and Gerald, who, though drosscd in sol emn black, looked tho picture of happi ness, his face wreathed iti smiles, enter ed. - 'Dearest Endalie,' lie cried, 'you can mako me the happiest man in all the world, or the most miserable, for I can not bear to part with you, dear, oven for, a single day. I can't indeed, and I've ? got to leave London at onco — that ib to eay, within a wcok or two. And aye or no, Endalie, I want you to mako a sacra fico for me.' ? 'There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, Gerald, nothing !' cried tho girl.' And thero was a touoh of patheticsolem jaity in hor voico, for she meant whatiaho 8aid, iind tbe. words cama.from-bnr heart. And then they kiBsed each others, as 1 '.vers do. .. . . And. , :wba't.'s :: your great news, Gerald?' she said. I'm burning to hear it.' 'Well, I'm .made 'ft post captain, dear. I'm to have a quarter-declcof my own. We are going to start s house in Paris, and I'm to take charge of it. It's pro motion I can teli you ; and they were very nice .about it, and said all sorts of charming .things ;? and I- should never - have got it had it not beerr for the poor old governor's deatli.'- You see, they think 'Sir Gerald Theveney & Co.' will read Well, and of course, I can now put in. a:, considerable 'amount of capital. And .what's better, still, it will be all under my own thumb, and I shan't be at the- beck and call of old Malder Whattiiigliam. . And now Iwant you to do me ii great favor. Endalie(I wantyou to consent to our immediate marriage. You see, the mere fact of. my haying.tp go away is' the strongest of.'all possible 'reasons. Under ordinary circumstances it couldn't have taken pl&ce.; for six months at least. But. now we oan be quietly married, and we can take a fort night's honeymoon, and then settle down in a little nest of our' own in Paris. And all you have . got . to do, Endalie dear, is to say yes, and then you'll make me the happiest fellow in all the world. You won't -hesitato; Enda lie ? . Uou won't refuse - ihe ? , 'I've got ! my chance, and I shall never have such another big chanco again. Why, with luck, in ten years' time, one needn't worry about business.' ~ ' ' ? (To he Continued.') ? 