THE CONSECRATION. The consecration ceremony commenced with a procession from the Bishop's House of all those taking part in the solemn event. The proeession marched in through the principal &oor; of the Cathedral, and the Cardinal receiving the aspei'ges from Father McAuliffe presented it to the assistant bishops, the other bishops, and the elect, and passed up the gospel side to the sanctuary, where his Eminence the Cardinal, the assisting conse crating bishops, the Right Rev. Drs. Murray of Maitland and Byrne of Bathurst, the Bishop-elect, the Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer, with their attendant chaplains, and tho Right Rev. Drs. Torreggiani. of Armidalo and Doyle of Grafton took their seats. The clergy to the number of fifty were provided with seats in the front row of pews near the sanctuary, where they formed the sanctuary choir. During the procession, and while the conse crating prelates were being clothed in their pontifical vestments, tho hymn of welcome ' Ecce Sacordos' was beautifully played by Miss Duffy, the organist. The Cardinal, was seated on his throne, and Bishops Tor reggiani and Doyle occupied seats on tho epistle side of the altar. When everything was in readiness the Bishop-elect, wearing his biretta, was led to the altar steps by the assistant bishops, Drs. Murray and Byrne. Dr. Murray then addressed the Cardinal in these words : ' Most Eminent and Most Reverend Father, — Our Holy Mother the Catholic Church re quests you to raise this priest, hero present, to the weighty office of a Bishop.' The Cardinal asked if they had the Apostolic Commission, and being answered in the affirmative requested that it be read. The Papal Bulls were then read by Father Josoph, Dwyer, and the Bishop-elect, kneeling before the Cardinal, recited tho following oath of duty and fidelity : I, Patrick Vincent, elect of the Church of Zoara, will be from this hour henceforward obedient to blessed Peter the ApoBtle, to the Holy Roman Churoh, and to our moat Holy Father Pope Leo XIII. and to his successors 'oanonioally appointed; I will asBiBt them to retain and defend the Roman Papacy, without prejudice to my rank; I will take care to preserve, defend, and promote the rights, honours, privileges, and authority of the Holy Boman Church, of the Pope and of his successors, as aforesaid. 'With my whole strength I will observe, and cause to be observed by others, the rules of the Holy fathers, tbe decrees, ordinances, or dispositions, and mandates of the Apostolic See. 'When called to Synod I will come, unless I. be prevented by_ a canonical impediment. I will personally visit tbe limina Apostolorwn once every ten years, and render an account to our most Holy Father Leo XIII- and hie BUCoassorB, as aforesaid, of my whole pastoral office, and of everything in any way appertaining to the state of. my Churoh, to the discipline of the clergy and people, and to tho salvation of the souls entrusted to my care ; anil I will humbly receive, in return, the Apostolus mandates, and moBt diligently execute them. But if I be prevented by a lawful impediment, I will perform all the things aforesaid by a special com missary, specially authorised for this purpose, a jriest of the diocese, or by some other secular or regular priest of tried virtue and piety, fully instructed on ail the above subjects. I will not sell or give away, or mortgage, _ enfeoff anew, or' in any way alienate the possessions be longing to my establishment, oven with theconseat of the Chapter of my church, without the leave of the Roman Pontiff. And should I proceed to any alienation of them, I am willing to incur ipso faclo the penalties speci fied in a certain Constitution published en this subject. Tho formulary recited, the Cardinal, hold ing with both hands tho Book of tho Gospels open in his lap, the Elect, still kneeling before him, touchcd the sacrcd text with his hands, and said : ' So may God help me, and these the Holy Gospels of God.' The Cardinal then proceeded to the exami nation of the faith and morals of the Bishop elect. Seventeen questions were put to him,, which referred partly to the canons of tho Church to be observed and partly to the orthodox faith, and to each of theso questions the Bisliop- elect answered, 'I will' and 'I believe.' This examination is in accordance with the injunction of St. Paul to Timothy (i, 5, xxii), ' Impose not hands lightly upon any man.' The examination being finished, the assistant Bishops led the Bishop-elect to the Cardinal, before whom ho knelt, and whose hand he reverently kissed. Then the Car dinal, having laid aside the mitre, turned with his ministers towards the altar, and com menced, mass in the usual manner. While the Cardinal proceeded with the mass at the high altar, the assistant Bishops led the Elect to the altar prepared for him. He received the pectoral cross, and was clothed with the tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple. The pectoral cross is one of the insignia of a bishop. It is worn on the breast suspended from the neck, and reminds the bishop to keep alive within himself the memory of the sufferings of Jesus, in order to be able to overcome the assaults of the devil. The bishop kisses the pectoral cross in putting it on or laying it aside, to express his belief in the death of Jesus Christ on the cross. At the end of the epistle the Cardinal received the mitre, and, addressing the Elect, described the duties of a bishop in the following words : ' It behoveth a bishop to judge, to interpret 'the Scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, to con firm.' Tho Litany of the Saints was then chanted by the priests, tho Cardinal knelt before the altar, and the Bishop-elect pros trated himself, the meaning of which is that to the fulness of power about to be conferred upon him, he should endeavour to have in his heart a corresponding fulness of selfsacrific ing love, annihilating his own will to become obedient to God even unto death — even to the shedding of his blood in testimony of his faith and love for Jesus-Christ and for the salvation of immortal souls. At the end of the Litany all rose, and the Bishop-elect knelt again before the conse crator, who placed the book of the Gospels open above the neck and shoulders of the Elect. This is done to signify that the shoulders denote the power of action, and the Gospel is to be to the Elect not only a light to his jpaths, but the cause of life -and vigour in his ways, for then only -will he becomo a faithful keeper and true guardian of the faitli committed to his trust. This action of the rite also means that the solemn obligation and holy burden of bearing and announcing the word of God to the faithful is imposed upon him. Now the moment has arrived in which what is essentially required for the validity of the consecration is conferred, the time when the matter and form of the Sacrament are united. The consecrating Cardinal and the assisting bishops impose hands on the head of the Elect, saying, ' Receive thou the Holy Ghost.' Then begins the consecration preface, during which the top of the head and the hands are anointed with holy chrism, that the jpower of the Holy Ghost may not only fill his soul, but also outwardly protect him. j In this beautiful preface the effects of the JHoly Spirit are praised and glorified, as manifested in the types selected from the Old Testament, for Aaron and his successors, the high priests, were likewise anointed. This chrism consists of oil and balsam, the oil signifying purity of conscience-in the sight of God, and the balsam denoting the sweet odour of a good name amongst men. The head is anointed on account of its dignity, and the hands by reason of their sacred functions. A greater fulness of blessing is given to the hands of the bishop than to those of the priest, for it is from the bishop that the power of blessing and conse scrating emanates and is given to others. The essential portion of the episcopal conse scration is now complete, and the new bishop is replenished with the grace of the Holy Ghost, so that he may be able to fulfil the duties of his high office in a most perfect manner. The newly-consecrated Bishop is now greeted by all the Bishops present as one of themselves, and receives the kiss of peace from each. The mass is continued to the end of the offertory, when the new Bishop makes offerings .to the consecrator, consisting of two loaves, two small barrels of wine, and two wax torches. Bread and wine are the essontial, the candles are the mystic, representation of the Sacrifice which must be made by a bishop. As the bread and wine are changed into the body and blood of Christ and offered to the Almighty, so the Bishop, in union with the holy sacrifice of the mass, offers a perfect holocaust of his life, which is clearly typified by the burning candles. For as the taper is burnt, so must also the . life of a bishop be spent for the interest and salvation of his flock. At the communion of the mass tho Cardinal, as well as the newly- consecrated Bishop, par took of the same host and chalice, and after the Ite missa est the Cardinal blessed the crozier or pastoral staff, the ring, and the mitre. e The crozier is intonded to signify that the power and grace of the pastoral office muBt be derived from God, the supporter of human weakness. ^ The crozier being blessed is sprinkled with holy water and given by the Cardmal to ^ the newly-consecrated Bishop, who is kneeling before him, in these words: . Receive tliis^ staff of the Pastoral office, that m the correction of vice thou mayest employ severity 'with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger ; and that in cherishing virtue thou mayest win the minds of thy hearers without neglecting in thy. peacefalness tho seventy of reproof.' Tho ring was among the ancients a sign of authority, and hiis from an early time been used by. the prelates of the Church. Tho fourth Council of Toledo- mentions its'use . by: bishops. After sprinkling the ring with holy, water, the Cardinal placed it on the finger of' the Bishop, saying : ' Receive' this ring, the emblem of fidelity, that being, adorned with faith undefiled, thou mayest blamelessly pre serve the Spouse of God— that is to say, the Holy Church.' The mitre is a covering for tho Bishop's head, and is worn on solemn occasions. Its form is a lofty cap, 'with two peaks, represent ing the two Testaments, and its symbolic meaning is found in the words of the conse crator as he places the mitre on the newly consecrated, viz., the mitre is to be a helmet of power and salvation to ; the Bishop, who shall be like a light on Sion, firm in his prin ciples, terrible to all enemies of the Gospel, an indefatigable protector of the Apostolic faith. Finally, tho consecrator led the new Bishop to his throne, and placed the pastoral staff in his hands, and whilst the TeDeum was sung by the choir the assistant Bishops conducted the new Bishop through the church, when he imparted his blessing to the people. As Moses, when he had conversed ?with God, descended from Mount Sinai and came to his people, his face all radiant, so the new Bishop, after his conseoration and his close union with God, makes his appear ance before his faithful people seated on his throne, and armed with spiritual weapons symbolic of his power'to be their leader hence forth in combating the enemies of salvation. The conducting of the new; Bishop through the church reminds him to carefully look after the flock entrusted to him, that no one may be lost, and that he may bring all to the one fold and to the one Shepherd. Each step of his should be like the first he makes from ! the altar, devoted to the welfare of his people ; and each action of his should, as now he raises his consecrated hands for the first time, bring blessings on each and everyone of his flock. The imposing ceremony of the consecration ended with the words Ad multos annos, whereby the new Bishop thrice saluted the consecrating prelate, wishing him many years of health, and expressing his gratitude towards him. . 