LATEST FROM KLONDIKE Vancouver (British Columbia), September 15.—Since last week interest on the Pacific slope has turned from the Argonauts who sailed to Dyeaand Skaguay, and who are now with toilsome steps climbing the Chilcoot and White Passes. All anxiety is now concentrated 011 Dawson City. Four vessels have come down from St. Michael's, that lonely trading port in Behring Sea, and their passengers tell a tale of woe that makes people sick with fear. At this little trading post, which is just outside the Artie circle, there are tons of provisions, but at Dawson City £20,000 will not buy four sacks of flour! Desperate efforts are being made to get some of this food up the 2,000 miles of the Yukon liver, but. the outlook is too terrible to contemplate. The cable will have told of the arrival in Seattle of the steamer Clevedon, with a precious cargo of gold, and it will have also related how the big stores in Dawson City have closed their doors, and bow immediate is the danger of famine. Klondike is golden, but foodless. and those who succumbed to the difficul ties of Dyea and Skaguay are to be numbered among fortunate men. THE CURSE OF WHISKY. Since the Cleveland arrival, the steam schooner Golden Shore has also come down from the north, and one of her passengers, a half bred named Wigg, the son of a white man and an Alas-an squaw, has in a few words put the situation. He has a claim on EI Dorado Creek, and on his dump is nearly £4.000. He has left lus brother up there and come down for food. He will return in the spring. When asked what drove him out of the country his laconic reply was ""Grub." Then he told how he went to the store of the monopoly company with a bag of gold dust, and, in his own words, "They turned me down." Then he sought another store, and they informed him that he could have one sack of flour. Ihis was in July last. " I knew what that meant," he said. " I had been in the Yukon before when there was a shortage. I said to myself 'Get out of here quick,' and I got I left Dawson on August 18.'" The curse of whisky is over all this talk of starvation. The two companies that carry supplies up the Yukon river from St. Michael's to Dawson City are being blamed for this. They have, during this season, given up a very large amount of freight space, not to food, but to wines and whisky. The worst instance reported is that of the steamer Alice. She was going up the river towing a barge laden with eighty tons of whisky and wines, including a quantity of champagne There was also much food on board. Near Fort Yukon, about 200 miles above Dawson the barge grounded. The river was falling so fast that the barge had to be relieved of her cargo. Overboard then went tons of flour, bacon, sugar, beans, and canned goods, while the eighty tons of liquor was transferred to - the steamer Alice, which took it all into Dawson City. The miners when they heard of what had happened were very angry. They did not want whisky, they wished for flour: and one man even weutso far as to propose that the next fellow who brought in even £, gallon of whisky should be strung up as a warning. How serious this state of things is will be gathered when it is learned that the population of Dawson which, after the first rush to the Klondike last winter, was 2,000, is now 6,000. Even if any more steamers succeed in getting up the Yukon, the stores they carry will not feed the people till Christinas. And to those already on the ground must be added the people who, between now and then, will reach the camp by the trails. DIVISION OF FOOD BV MINERS. Most of the men who are reaching Dawson City by land take in a good supply of food. In the continued arrival of these gold-seekers rests the salvation of those already there. When a newcomer reaches Klondike now with a supply of food, he and his pack are taken in charge by the miners' committee. They take out from the pack enough food to keep the man alive till the first supply boat can reach the diggings, and the remainder is distributed pro rata. Of course the newcomer is paid Dawson City prices for what is taken from him. Besides this awful fight against starvation, the miners are having to contend with sickness. Dawson City is not die healthiest place iu Canada, and for some time past typhoid has been raging there. One cau imagine what this means up there where there are no facilities for caring for invalids, and at present only one licensed doctor. More medical men are 011 the way there, but they must get a Government license before they can practise. Stili, it is Imped that the disease will disappear with the aid of the severe cold weather. But the cold weather brings its fears and dangers too. The problem of shelter for the winter is one that demands much solving. Fully half of tin: 6,000 people in Dawson are at present living in tents. They can do so during July any August, hut with the theremometer 40 degrees below z^ro it is almost impossible to live in a cauviis house. Lumber commands fabulous prices. Logs, which iu that region mean poles from four to six inches in diameter, sell from 16% to 32s. apiece in Dawson, so bouse building is as expensive as supplying oneself with food. The logs have to be hauled or floated fifteen miles. Wages in the mines are still at the old scale. Miners workiug iu the " holes" get £3 a day, and skilled labor in Dawson City is paid at the same rate. The common laborer receives £2 a day. but there are already more of this class than are wanted. I-AN!) IK DAWSON COSTS £25 A FOOT. It is very expensive becoming a property-holder in Dawson City. Lots where the business houses are located already fel for £2. r » per front foot. Cigars cost two shillings each for the yory worst brand. Food lias gone up in price enormously aince my last letter. Potatoes are now 4s. per fb., eggs fa. each, bacon 2s. per lb. and rising. Of conrse the stories of hardships and high prices that have beeu related have not deterred parties from going north. On the very date that the Cleveland's stoiy of starvation was being wired to every part of die world, a steamer sailed from here with a full passenger list, and yesterday the Portland again went north to Seattle, with eighty miners for St. Michaels. Most of these latter will stay at the mouth of the Yukon till navigation opens next spring. They will be much better off than the people of Dawson City, for St. Michael's—now a city of tents will be of substantial log houses before the winter closes again, and will have a greater population than Skaguay. There are hundrds of tons of provisions there, and no one will be in any danger of starving. More people are going to Dyea and Skaguay. THE ALL CANADIAN' ROUTE. The party to which the greatest interest attaches left Vancouver this morning on the steamer Princess Louise. On that boat were twentyfive of the miners who had to come back disappointed on the steamers Bristol and Eugene last week. They are now going to try the Stickeen- Teshn route, or the all-Canadian way of travel into the Yukon. For this route it is claimed that it can be made the most convenient, cheapest and quickest to the Klondike. And who will make it sof None other than the Canadian Pacific Railway Co. ; so holders of "Canpacs" are interested in this matter. The route by which it is proposed to carry tiie traffic to the goldfields will be by steamer from Vancouver to % point at the mouth of the Stickeen river, where transhipment can be made to steamers drawing so little water that they can get wp to Glenora. From Glenora it K proposed to construct a railway to Tesiin Lake. Then down the like, up the Hootahngua river, to the Pelly river, and thence past Fort Selkirk to the Yukon itself steamem will convey passengers into the heart of the Kiondike Thus all the terrors of the Chilkoot and White Passes, and of the rapids further on, will be avoided, and the journey from Vancouver to Dawson City will be as pleasant as the run across Canada by the great lakes route, which only lirst-elasB passengers ° Princess Louise the C.P.K, sent up n t one h e of their most experienced engineers, Mr. E. J. Ducbesnay, superintendent of Che Kutenay division, who will ascertain the most feasible route to be followed. Given „ this route, Vancouver will become the principal outfitting point for the Klondike and the Yukon. KLOXMKK WIDOWS—THE NEWEST TVI'E. The Klondike excitement has developed a type of woman, newer than the "new woman" but without IHT aggressiveness. She is tiie " Klondike widow." There are soores of them on the Pacific slope. Mostly she is a plucky, true little wife, waiting patiently or her husband s return with Klondike nuggets. She is seen to perfection in Seattle. There some Klondike widows have given up their houses and are "boarding out," receiving all the attention of belles, for it is no little distinction to be a Klondike widow. Half a dozen of the most practical, and, by the way, prettiest of them have clubbed together and in some house hare established a sort of Klondike widoweiy. A good many society dames are among the baud waiting for gold and new dresses, as the excitement took clergymen from their pulpits, doctors from their patients, lawyers from their briefs. One clergyman is purser on a steamer running to Skaguay, and there are many other phases of Kloudicitis. By the way this fever has spread even to the restaurants and the churches. Thus in Vancouver the members of the Congregational Church Iiave given a Klondike supper, aud here is the menu as advertised in the local paper:— MENU. Gizzly Bear Steak Pie. Boast Polar Bear, with Bonanza Croek Gravy. Wild Cat Steam Pudding, Lynx Chops. Reindeer Cutlets. Klondike Standbys, with Seal Trottem. Dyea Nuggets, Slices of Chilcoot Mountain. SWEETS. Artie Circle Berry Pie. Snowshoe Dumplings. Dawson City flapjacks. Klondike Snow, with tJold Sauce. DRINKS. White Horse Rapids (hot or cold). Gold Drippings. WHAT BRITISH COLUMBIA OFFERS. But why all the excitement about Klondike when British Columbia lias gold and ciriiisatiou to offer? Last Sunday gold was discovered in the streets of Victoria, the political capital of this province, and prospectors have found wealth just above Vancouver. From Nelson now comes a statement that from two tons of ore £4,400 was milled. Samples show that it is telluride ore, aud the mine is in the Lardcau country. Rossland mines hare already shipped 50,«CG tons ot ore to the smelters this year, while from Kalso, the shipments for tbc month of August just passed were 3,001,5111b., of tiie value of £25,800. During six mouths of this year a little narrowguage railway, called the Kalso and slocan, has hauled out 12,845 tons of ore, of the value of l,I57,545dol. Old Cariboa, too, is being heard from once more. Word recently reached Vancouver of a big placer find on Ghost Creek, close to the place where £700 was taken out, in 60 yards, away back in tiie sixties. There is a great day for British Columbia coming, and though t'le Americans have got on in the ground floor, there is plenty of room for the English ou the first floor. —Pall jfall Gazette, 