SOWS AND FATHFRS. Bv HABRY SmUVELT, EmuR) i Author of "Two Runaways" "m Sister Todiiuntiiu's Hk wit " n„ " AK' DE sliaddkr," "OLE M.ss iieart," etc., etc. swffil All Rights Reserved.) Chapter XLV.-The Man wit,, t„e ta„„ The startling news had been discuued in ,1i its phases in tlio little parlor, Man- t.t- " part. Sho sat with averted face listenin"8/ ever and anon when Edward's Tndig S camo unrestrainablo sho turned and lo Zi 't lnm. Sho did not know that the inner ... winca a reference to her. Tlio astounding revelation, aside from tt. accusation .was tho wound. Strange that had not discovered it. Who could hi murdered poor Rita? Positively tho only? sonscn tho immediate premises were Yi„L Evan and Gerald. Virdow was, of course of tho question, aud tlio other three were in h room It was the blow thnt had driven ! head through the glW What enemy could t woman have had? So far as lie was concerned, the charge could amount to nothing; Evan was in tlie room that e<m0ral WUlli SUrely But tlio horror, the mortiflcntion-hc Edward Morgan, charged with murder, and the centre of n scandal in which the name of Starr Montjoy was mentioned. The passion left him ; depressed and side from reaction, lip sat alone iu the little parlor long after tho ladies had retired, nnd then came the oliinox. A cablegram reached tie house and waB handed in to him. It was signed by Evan, nud read ! — a , "You have beon indicted. Retnni." " Indicted," and for murder, of course. It gave him 110 uneasiness, hut it thrust all IHt and sweetness from lifo. Tho dream was over. There could now bo no search for JIurion Evan! Tlint must pass, nnd witli it hope. Ho had buildcd upon thnt idea castles whose minarets wore tho colors of sunrise. They hi 1 fallen, and his lifo lay among the ruins. He heard the clockB of Paris ring out the hours. The street lind ceased to echo with the doop rumble of tlio vehicles and tho footfall of late wandercrB. The city slept. He could bar only tho deep, lessoning sigh, the murmur that h never separate from Bleeping cities, the aete of rest. But no rest for him 1 Ho looked once into the little room ; how small nnd close. He w.ould die in there. The thought came to him that it was a cell ! Not for a fortune would he have gone iu and pat out the light. How long ho sat in the little parlor he had no idea; lie was startled out of his thought) by the opening of nn opposite door. A woman stood there in her sloeping robe, holding a tiny night lamp in her band. Shutting the door nnd looking straight ahead, sho came slowly to him. - The apparition, so sudden, so ghost-like and noiseless, terrified him for the moment. Then he saw it was Mary and realised tint sho was asleep. Ho could hove touched Iter si slie passed ; sho did not sec him. At tho open door of his room she paused and softy called his name, hesitated and then entered. He crept to the door and gazed in ; she had placed tho lamp upon the table, taken a sent by tho bed, and was intently gazing upon the pillows. ' Ho drew back and tried to decide what to do ; how to rave her f rem herself. Ho thought once of going out into tho Btreet, but then tho elder woman might awake and would surely miss and call to her. Thou lie thought to awaken Mrs. Montjoy an-I explain tho situation ; but would not that also betray a secret? If he could get her back iuta j the .Bittingroom ho would open the mother'! j door and clo3o his. "When she awoke there, there would be a moment or trvo of confusion, i hurried retreat, and nil would ho well. .Something must be done. He glanced in again ; her head lmd sunk upnn her arm, she I was unconscious ngnin. Going to her aids hi I knelt, and placing his arms gently under the I chair, lifted it without a tremor. Her soft 1 brown hair was against liis cheek, one bandwai I upon liis shoulder, but ho hold his breath onJ softly, with absolute silence, parsed into tho I other room nnd placed the chair by the table, to which ho brought tbo little lamp. The sleeper had not stirred. Then, with one motion of hii hand, he extinguished the gas. The scene now fascinated him ; he was alone with the woman he loved. A moment only to gazed upon the littlo figure ; the brown hair swung loosely about lier face and almost eon- I cealed it ; lie took the mother's Ecioooro from the table and, selecting a little ringlet, noise- I lessly severed it from the shapely head, "1' her door slightly, and passed quickly into 13 I own room. It was no longer a cell. He throw himsolf upon the bed to sleep, tat the grey of dawn waa already over the city , thore came a rumbling vehicle in the strec , | heard tho sound of a softly closing door— an I then he nroso and went out. , I Paris was desorted except where a I rovellcr in dress coat went unsteadily om?' I men of tho early trades made their nppcaran I Tho incident of tlio somnambulist had chai „ I tho current of his thoughts ; the early uiorM, air and exeroiso brought tack his , I equipoise. He returned for brcokfast, wit" I good appetite, and though grove was tramps" I Neither of tho ladies brought up the I Bubject ; thoy went .with him to seo th , I oculist, and came back silent and o; l I There was no hope. . I Tho diagnosis corresponded with Dr. I boll's; the blind eye might not |mve '! years ago, but an operation ,u>" Con. , been judicious under tlio oircium j i tinuod sight must depend upon her 6 j health. . , not he I Tho scenes of European travel I!ciurn." I gained now ; tho cablegram snidi I nTTwas ft mod reason for it, as they found w.T- th'crf could be no boil given under the n'„Uince3 If the court adjourned before 2 return the accused might have to remain in prison until the next term of court. ill their pleasures and hopes buried in one brief day, they turned their backs on Paris, and '' Edwrd saw (Jambia no more ; Mrs. Montjoy caUedaloM and said farewell. The next day. ftin\cndYork Norton mot them, grave and embarrassed for once in his life, and assisted in rtcir hurried departure for the fare southern Inmo Thero was no exolinnge of views be- 2.1 the two men. The paper Norton had t was acknowledged ; that was all. The sub- tact was too painful for discussion. And so, hey arrived in Georgia. They were met by the MonVoy carriage at a little station near tho city. -It was the 11.20 p.m. train. General Evan was waiting for Edward. The handshaking over, they rnpidly left the station, Evan had secured from tlio sheriff, by his large personal influouce, a temporary exemp tion from arrest for Edward, but it was under stood that he was to remain out of sight. A man coining homo from Europe to face a trial would hardly attempt to escape, and the trial was to be immediate. It was taoit'y agreed between the two men that night that the one Bubject of vital interest should not be broached upon tho road ; and so Edward gave himself up to quiet dotails of their journey and the visit to Morcau. General Evan heard the decision with inexpressible sorrow. Nor was the subject of Marion Evan reached ; that, too, was among the impossibles. Tnpy had arrived within n couple of -miles of the Cedars, when a negro stopped them. In the distance they heard a hound trailing. "Boss, kin air one er you gentlemen gi' me a match ? I los' my light back.yondor, and hit's, too putty 'er night tor go baok without a v 'possum." Evau drew rein. He was a born sportsman and sympathetic. "1 reckon so, ho satd ; "and — well, I can't," he concluded, having tried all pockets. "Mr. Morgan, have you a match?' Edward had one, and one only. He drew all the little articles of his pookct into his hands to find it. "Now, hold," said the general j "let's light our cigars, if it's to be the last chance." The negro touched the blazing match to splinters of lightwood, as the southern pitch jiinois called when dry, and inBtnntly ho stood in a circle of light, his features revealed in every detail. Edward gazed into it curiously. Whore had he seen that face 1 It came back liko tho lines of some unpleasant dreain— the thick lips, the flat nose, tho retreating forehead, full eyes and heavy i, eyelids, and over all a look of infinite stupidity. The negro had fixed his eyes a moment upon the nrticles in Edward's hand and stepped back quickly. Hut ho recovered himself, and with clumsy thanks, .holding up his flaming torch, went awny, leav- 'ing only the uncertain shadows dancing across the road. At home, Gen. Evan threw aside all reserve. He drew their chairs up into the theltered corner of the porch. "I have some matters to talk over," he said, "and our time is short. Yours is not a bailable case, and we must liavo a speedy trial. The law winks at ytfur freedom to-night ; it will not do to compromise our friends in the court house by unnecessary delay. Edward, where was I when you discovered the body of the woman, Rita Morgan?' Edward looked through the darkness at his friend, who was gazing straight ahead, t "You were standing by Gerald's bed, look- ! ing upon hira." "How_ did you discover her ? It never \- occuircd" to me to ask ; were you not in the loon alio?' "I certainly was. She broke the glass by passing against it, as 1 thought at the time, but now I Bee she was struck. I rushed out and nicked her up, and you came when I called. " Exactly. And you both talked loudly out there? " Why do you ask ?' "Because, ' said Evan slowly, " therein lies the defect in our defence. I cannot swear you e'abi the room, upon my own knowledgo. I had been astounded by the likeness of Gerald to those who had been dear to mB — I was absorbed. Then I heard you cry out, and found J in the yard." Thero was a long pause. Edwards heart began to beat with sledge hammer violence. ,, he Baid, with a strange voice, "as the rase would be presented, I was found with the .body of the woman; she had been mur dered. and I was the only one who had a motive. Is that it?' '9 'f10 young man arose and it„n Perch in silence. « But that is not all," said Gen. Evan. " If it I u'd have cabled you to go east from there is moro. Is thero anyone on or draHi ,W interested in your disgrace nM?iuewh,at 1 k?w of— that is, well, no, J ?. You remember Royson, aimin » oinnot cherish enmity against a man who fought him in an open .Perhaps you are m'staken ?' hrom wlmt do you speak?' wh V""3 lmt a few days, dale— wro!, a:! llere your friend Barks- ami ra"",tll|if Harksdale ; a trifle heady i i B truc, « steel— Barksdale landed her- 8 Up tl>0 avcnuo nn<l mat dimn!uY 'if ' 1 ,mvo discovered the this sr.rSi T i ,lat a man over faoed. All sensation n, Morgan is not newspaper a scat tm f> "W9?; it; is the first step in me that r 1 1 ntJ ben 1,6 w3nt on tell showed him n?i » ,nYadcd his room and of a dead ? open grave, the face who opened K' n\9 1'10 face of the man perfect rw i i ''ra,wn wit1' very detail disinterment ''"J1"1',0'1 tllat he witnessed the memory!—" and dlw 11,0 aoeno from oo'bistit hlinh 8ajd Edwird ; ho was now ment j "ami thin «U,!l'!i0 to b,?8'u a atato" "Tl,o „? L I" "d tlion " inflict the fni«« ? disinterment was to murder." wound, and ohargo you with wound— uustlu!' mo'10 f'"1,'1— w'10 mode that' 119 On the road -i i 0 ,,DSSd a match from have seen tho .'dor,, '" "V,0" if nrt ia true. I totakeintbnvif!w' . Evan paused a moment L< U7$ « tlf'Xutl" Then tUoro runs out stood bltwccr? Lm''""!1 ?,0<1 Tlle olmirs that burled out of II, n tho door were simply _J0ftl'0 way. His stentorian voice RlSUsii Y 1 colled for his factotum, " John ! " and John did not wait to dress, hut camo. " Get my liorso and a mule saddled, and bring that puppy Carlo. Quick, John, quick I" John fled towards the stable. " Edward, we win if wo! get that negro— we win 1" bo exolaiined, coming back through the wreck of his furni ture. " Ent why should the negro have disinterred the body and have made a wound Upon her head ? There can he no motive. "Heavens, man, no motive ! Do you know that you hare come between two men and Mary Montjoy ? . " I, no, indeed 1 I have never suspected it, even." . "Two have sought her with all tho energy of manhood," said Evan. "Two men as different as the east from tho west. Itoyson hates you, and will lcavo no stone unturned to cffoct j-our ruin ; Barksdale loves her, and will leave no stono unturned to protect her happiness 1 .There you have it all. Only one man in tho world can have put that black devil .up to his infamous deed— and that man is Koyson. Only ono man in tho world could have grasped tho situation and have read tho riddle corroctly — and that man is Barksdale." Edward was dazed. Gradually the depth and villnny of the conspiracy grow clear, " But to prove it — — " The negro.'' "Will ho testify ?" " IVill lie ? If I get my hands on him, young man, he will testify ! Or, ho will-bang by the neck from a limb as his 'possum hangs, by tho tail." " You prppose to capture him ?" "I am going to capture him." He disap'- pearcd in the house, and when he came out he had on his army belt, with sword and pistol. The mounts were at tho door, and, for the first time in his life, Edward was astride a mule. To his surprise, the aniinal bounded along after the grey horse, with a smooth and even gait, and kept up without difficulty. Evan rode as a cavalryman, and carried acrosB his saddle tho puppy. With unerring skill he halted at the exact spot where the match had been struck, and lowered the dog gently to the ground. The intelligent, excited animal at once took up the trail of man or dogB, and opening loudly glided into the dark ness. There was nothing to guide them lmt sound ; the night was dark, and the way led through woods. It took infinite skill and quickness to avoid the limbs and keep in the saddles, but they succeeded. Several miles had been covered, when they saw iu the distance a glimmer of light among the trees, and Evan drew rein. "It will not do," he said, "to ride upon him. At the sound of horses' feet ho will extinguish his light and escape. The dog, he will sup pose, is a stray one, led off by his own, and will not alarm him." They tied their animals and pressed on. Tho dog ahead jiad opened, and Carlo's voice coujd he heard with the rest, as they trailed the fleeing 'possum. The general was exhausted. " I can't do it, Edward, my boy— go on. I will follow as fast as possible." Without n word Edward obeyed. The dogs were now furious, tho man bimBelf running. In the din and clamor lie could hear nothing of pursuit. The first intimation he had of danger was a grip on his collar, and a man's voice, exclaiming excitedly : " Halt ! You are my prisoner 1" The torch foil to the ground and lay splut tering. The negro was terrified for the moment, but his quick eye pierced the glooin and measured his antagonist. Ho made a fierce effort to break away, and, failing, threw himself with immense force' upon Edward. Then began a frightful struggle. No word was spoken. The negro was powerful, but the white man was inspired by a memory and a conscious- ncss of his wrongs. They fell and writhed, and rose and fell again. Slippery Diolc had got his hand upon Edward's throat. The issue was doubtful, hut suddenly his grasp relaxed, and he lay with the white of his oyes rolled iijiwards. The muzzle of a cavalry pistol was against his head, and the atem face of the veteran was above him. " Get up," said the general, briefly. "Cert'nly, boss," was the roply, and breath less the two men arose. The defence hod its witness. "Ef he had'n conjured me," said tho negro doggedly, "he couldn't 'er done it." He had recognised among the little things that Edward drew from hie pocket on the road tiic voodoo's charm. CHAPTER XLVI.— AVHAT THE SHEET Hill. The negro stood with sullen face gazing upon hie captors. Edward, breathless, took up the torch, and looked into Dick's countenance. " I am not mistaken, General, this is the man." Slippery Dick was puzzled as well as fright ened. Ho knew Gen. Evan by sight, and his terror lost some of its wildness ; the General was not likely to be out upon a lynching expedi tion. Whatever happened, lie would have fair play. But for what was he wanted? He could not protest until he knew that, and in his past wore many dark deeds, for which somebody was wanted. 'So he was silent. His attention was chiefly directed to Edward ; he could not account for him, nor could ho remembor to have seen him. He was not a deputy nor a sheriff ; his dreis aud manner were different. Royson hnd long since trained him to silence ; most men convict themselves whilo undor arrest. - Evan stood in deep thought, but presently he prepared for action. "What is your name, boy?" The nogro answered promptly : "Dick, snli. "Dick who?" "Just Dick, sail." " Your other name?' " Slippery Dick." The General was interested instantly. "Oh, Slippery Dick." Tho career of the notorious negro "was partially known to him. Dick had been the reporter's friend for many rears, and in dull timc3 more than tho truth had been told of Slippery Dick. " Well, this begins to look probablo, Edward, I begin to think you may be right." ' " I am not mistaken, General. If thero is a mistake, it is not mine." Dick's bewilderment was oomplete. ' What dey want me for, Marso Evan? I ain't dona nothin'." The General looked at him sternly. "A house -has been broken into, Dick, and you are the man who did it." "Who, me? I'o' Gawd. Marse Evan, I ain't broke inter no man's house ! I ain't broke into no man's house ! Hit wnrn't ino— no, eah ; ho, sail." " We will seo about that. Now, I will give you your choice, Dick ; you can go with mo, General Evan, and I will protect you. If the person who aoousos you says you a-o innocent I will turn vo' Alooso ; if you arc a it willing to o there I .t hake you to gaol ; but, willing or unwilling, if you mako a motion to escape, |I 1 will put a bullet through you before you can I tuko three stops." "I'll go with you, Marso Evan ; I ain't de man. HI go wliar you want me to go." " Get your dogs together and take the road to town. I will show you when we get thero." They went with him to where his dogs, great and small, were loudly haying at the foot of a small persimmon tree. Dick looked up wist fully. "Marse Evan, deir ' he sots ; you don't spec' me tcr lcavo dat I'possum up dere ?" The old man laughed Bilently. " The puling passion Btrong in death," he quoted to Edward, and then sternly to jbick ; " Get him and boquick about it." Diek swung himself up and secured his prize, and then there was more emharassmont ; he needed an axe to cut a stick on which to carry the 'possum. It was a delicate point. The general knew tho desperate character of nogro criminals, and lie knew also that his pistol had not been fired in 10 years. But Dick did not know that. The axe was surrendered and Edward watched with interest the next move. Dick cut down a pine sapling as large as hi3 arm, split it ut the end deftly, and holding open the split, inserted tho 'possum's tail. When he shouldered the stick, the 'possum crawled up and held on to. relieve the pinched member of the weight of his body. A moment inoro and they were on the way to the horses. "I had an object," said Evan, "in permitting this. As we pass through the city wo present the appearance of a hunting party. Turnup your ooat collar and turn down your lmt to avoid the possibility of recognition. Tho negro uttered no word ; he was conscious of innocence, so far as house breaking in recent years was concerned ; the shortest way out was to go quietly, and every step carried him nearer home. They reached the city, passed through the deserted atrcets, the negro carrying his possum and surrounded by the dogs pre ceding the riders, and without attracting more than the careless notice of a policeman or two, they readied the limits beyond. Still Dick was not suspicious ; tho road wa3.vet his own way home ; hut when finally ho was ordered to turn up the long route to Ilexhurst, he stopped. This was anticipated ; the general Bpurred his horse almoat against him. " Go on 1" lie said, sternly, " or by tho oternal you arc a dead man ! Edward, if he makes a break, you have the axe " " Marse Evan, you said breakin' in'er house." Dick still hesitated. " I did ; but it was the house of the dead." The 'possum and stick came suddenly to the ground, and away went Dick into au open field, the expectation of a bullet lending speed to his Ieg9. But he was not in the slightest danger from bullets ; he was the last man, almost, that either of his captors would have slain, nor was it necessary. The great roan camo thundering upon him ; he lifted his arm to ward off the expected blow, and looked up terrified. The next instant a hand was on his coat collar and lie was lifted off his feet. Dragging his prisoner into the road, Evan held his piBtol over his wet forehead, while, with the rein, Edward lashed his elbows behind his back. The dogs were fighting over the remains of the un fortunate 'possum. They loft them there. The three men arrived at -Ilexhurst thoroughly tired; tho white men more bo than the negro. Tying their animals, Edward led the way around to the glass room, where a light was burning, hut, to his disappontment, on entering he found no occupant. Slippery Dick was placed in a chair and the door locked. Evan stood guard over him, while' Edward searched the house. The wing room was dark, and Gerald was not to be found, l'rom the door of the professor's room came tho cadenced breathing of a profound Blecper. Beturning, Edward communicated these factB to his com panion. They discussed the situation. Evan, oppressed by the memory of his last two visits to theso scenes, was silent and dis trait. The eye3 of the nogro were moving rest lessly from paint to point, taking in every detail of his surroundings. He, in common with all the negroes of the neighborhood, had a superstitious dread of this house ; its loneli ness, the strange occupant, stories of queer beings, the moving lights and apparitions seen about the yard— all theso had gone forth and found ready believers. The southern negro ia superstitious to the last degree; that is, he will not even talk of his superstitions. Though greatly enlightened since 1UC7, he is to- day, in and out of cities, more subject to fear of the supernatural than the people of any civilised country. There are communities in the country and plantations everywhere whose protection ia based upon the good will of "doctors," as the old women professing voodoo powers are called, and property hopelessly lost to detective skill is often recovered through their efforts. It is well known that negroes are subject to death from pure imagination. "Hoodooing" is simply hypnotism in its wildest form. The scene, the hour, the situation, nnd the memory of that shrivelled face in its ooffin all combined to reduco Dick to a state of abject terror. Had lie not been tied he would have plunged through the glass into the night ; the pistol in the hands of the old man standing over him would have been forgotten. 1Vhatwa3 to be done? Edward went into the wingroom, nnd lighted the lamps, prepara tory to making better arrangements for all par ties. Suddenly his eyes fell upon the lounge. Extended upon it was a forin, outlined through a sheet that covered it from head to foot. So still, so immovable, and breathless it seemed, he drew back in horror. An indefinable fear seized him. If his life hsd depended upon it, he could not at that moment, alone in that pre- seneo, have lifted the sheet. White, with un expressed horror, lie stood in the door" of the gloss room, and beckoned to the general. The Bilence of his appearance, tho inexpressible feel ing that shone in face nnd manner, send a thrill to the old man's heart, and set the negro trembling. Driving tho negro before him, Evan entered. At sight of the covered form Dick made a violent effort to break awRy, but, with nerves now at their highest tension, and muscles drawn responsive, the general successfully resisted. Enraged at last, he stilled his captive by a savage blow with his weapon. Edward now approached the apparition, and lifted the cloth. Prepared as lie was for the worst, ho could not restrain the cry of horror that rose to his lips. Before him was the face of Gerald, white with tho hue of death, the long laslies drooped over half closed eyos, the blaok hair drawn hack from the white fore head, and clustering about his nedlc and shoulders. He fell almost fainting against the outstretched arm of his friend, who,; palo and shocked, stood with eyes riveted upon the fatal beauty of the dead face. It was hut ah instant ; then the General was jerked with irresistible force, and fell back ward into tho room, Edward going nearly pros trate over him. There was the sound of shat tered glass, and tho negro was gone. Stunned and hurt, tlio old man roso to his feet, and rushed to the door .of the glasB room. Then a pain Bcizcd him ; he drew his bruised limb from the floor and caught the lintel. ' "Stop that man 1 Stop that man 1" he said in a stentorian voice ; "he is your only witness now 1 " Edward looked into his face a inomont, and comprehended. For the third time that night he plunged into the darkness nfter Slippery Dick. But where? Carlo was telling ! Down the hill his shrill voice was breaking tho night. Abaudoned by the negro's dogs, accustomed to Beck their home and that not far away, ho had followed the master's footseps with unerring instinct, and whined about tho glass door. The bursting glass; the fleeing form of a strange negro, were enough for his cxcitablo nature ; he gave voice and took the trail. Edward followed the' Bound ; runner though lio had been, hampered as was the bound negro, it was wind and muscle against superstitious fear, the most powerful of nil incentives 1 Onco or twice lie heard upon tho hill behind him a familiar voice shouting to Carlo, followed by an indescribable cry. The desperate effort of the negro might have sucoeded, lmt the human arni3 were made for many things ; when a man stumblos he needs them in the air and overhead or extended. Slippery Dick went down with a crash in a mass of blackberry bushes, nnd when Edward reached him he was kicking wildly at the ex cited puppy, prevonted from rising by his efforts and his bonds. Tho oxcitcd anil enraged white man dragged him out of the bushes by his collar, and brought reason to her tlirono by savage kicks. The prisoner gave up and begged for moroy. He was marched back, all breathless, to the general, who had limped to tho gate to meet him. Edward was now excited beyond control ; lie forced tho prisoner, shivering with horror, into the presence of tho corpse, nnd with axe in hand confronted him. " You infamous villain !" he cried ; " tell me here, in the presence of my dead friend, who it was that put you up to opening the grave of Rita Morgan and breaking her skull, or I will brain you 1 You have 10 seconds to speak 1" He meant it, and the axe flashed in the air. General Evnn caught the upraised arm. " Softly, softly, Edward ; this won't do ; this won't do ! You defeat your own purpose 1" It was timely ; the blow might have descended, for the reckless man was in earnest and the negro was liy this time dumb. " Dick," said the general, " I promise to pro tect you on conditions, and I will. But you have done this gentleman nn injury and en dangered Ilia life. You opened Rita Morgan's grave and broke her skull— an act for which the law has no adequate punishment ; but my young friend here is desperate. You can eave yourself, hut I cannot save you except in ono way. If you value your life tell him and tell me who put you up to that job. If vou tell, I give you my word and honor as a gentleman that no man shall harm you except over my dead body. If you refuse I will stand aside, and when I do you are a dead man." He was, during this hurried speech, still struggling with the young man. " I'll tell, Marse Evan ! Hold 'im, I'll tell!" " YVlio, then?" said Edward, white with his passion ; " who wa3 the infamous villain that paid you for tho deed ?" " Mr. Koyson, Mr. Royson, he hired me." The men looked at each other. A revulsion came over Edward ; a horror, a hatred of the human race, of anything that bore the shape of man— hut no ; the kind, sad face of tue old gentleman was beaming iu triumph upon him. And then from somewhere into the scene came the half dressed form of Virdow, Ilia face careworn and weary, amazed and alarmed. Virdow wrote the confession in all its details, and the general witnessed the rude cross made by the trembling hand of the negro. And then they stood sorrowful and silent before the still, dead faee of Gerald Morgan 1 (to be costixded.) 