Easy Chair. [By VEISONIWAI.J Of Books which you read, some are good, soma middling, and some bad. —MARTIAL or BOOKS. I have just had afforded me an opportunity of reading half a dozen of the articles contributed to the Co-operative News by Mr. Ben Jcnes, one of the Co - operative Wholesale Society delegates who visited Queensland about August of last year, after having visited Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. They received considerable attention from the ministry here, which was quite reasonable ; and they addressed a large public meeting which also was reasonable. When a friend offered to lend to me the " News" that I might read the articles, I readily accepted the offer in the hope that from them I should gather some idea as to what the delegates thought of Au tralia in relation to the specific purpose of their visit, but I have to confess that that hope has not been satisfied. The papers are in their way interesting, but they do not touch the matters on which I longed for information. The " News" which were lent to me were six in number, covering the dateB February 6, 1897 to March 13, both dateB inclusive. In the issue lor February 6 the article is on " Native Australians : a go-ahead race," and gived what to English readers would prove an interesting account of the " Australian Natives' Association" setting forth the objects and work of the A.N.A., its importanc3 as a public movement, and its influence on politics. The second paper (February 13) deals with " A trip on the Murray," in which there is nothing of very special interest. The account takes them only as far as Morgan, the little town on the Murray at which train travelling ends and steamer travelling begins. There is a passing description of Salisbury and Gawler, two townships on the road to Morgan; a description of the " three-storied river steamer named ' The Helen,'" and of its stewardess, who was of South American Spanish descent, though reared in the colony, and of its cook, " a Chinaman with a flowing pigtail, and a tendency to get drunk whenever ihe opportunity was afforded him," but who, nevertheless, was a good cook. He compounded dishes, "some of which were fearfully and wonderfully made." The close of this paper set me agog. "The object of our river trip was to visit a number of co-operative agricultural settlements that had been placed by the South Australian Government on the banks of the Murray, and it was taken at the express solicitation of the Govern- ment." Now these settlements have been subjects of continued interest to me. I have read much about them, especially have I read the report of the enquiry which was tnade early last year by a Royal Commission, or Select Committee, or something ot that sort. My own opinion about them io clear enough, I regaid them as being equally .successful with.our Co-operative Communities, which were started just about the same time. When I found that Ben Jones was off to visit the settlements I felt sure that I was going to geithe opinion of an independent outsider. 1 therefore opened with some eagerness the paper dated February 20 and came upon the heading " Go-operative Agricultural Settlements," butwhenhad I got through the article I.l|!ad scarcely the ghost of an idea as to wJ|at jBen Jones's opinion of jthe settlement was. -He tells how they came to be founded, and the story is just the same as. that with which we are acquainted. Large numbers of unemployed ; public meetings; untiring efforts of Labour members ; pressure of Labour members; capital liberally supplied by the Government. I was not quite accurate when I said just now that I had no idea what Ben Jones's opinion was. He speaks of the position and character of the lanl on which the Communities were planted, and said that as the district is one in which the rainfall is insufficient for agriculture. " the land was useless without a scientific, elaborate, and costly pys em of irrigation, by means of pumping machinery, cemented c- »n»< Is, &c.;," and goes on, " Yet this was the region, above all others, selected by the Government," with a squeezing Labour party behind it and able to kill it any day " for dumping down the failures of colonial society 1" I finished the reading of that article with the feeling that the opinion of Ben Jones and of Veisoniwai about these settlements were about, perhaps quite, alike. The fourth paper (February 27), deals with Melbourne and some other places in Victoria, including an account, in few words, of visits to some butter factories, and concluding with an account of a public meeting and after, in Melbourne. Queensland and the way to it, has two papers devoted to it (March 6 and 13). The delegates left Sydney, about which city nothing is said, to visit first the Clarence and Richmond Rivers, then the Tweed, from which point they rushed, through the rush of waters on the beach, to Southport, where they were met by " Mr. Peter McLean, the Permanent Under Secretary of Agriculture for Queensland, who had come all the way by special train from Brisbane, to meet us." Southport and Moreton Bay with the dugong came first, then the Darling Downs, then Coomera, on which, by the way, they travelled in a leaky boat, so leaky in truth that one of the party had to keep on baling, to save the party from a ducking. Mr. Thynne, the " Lucinda," the Eagle Farm Meat Works, Childers, a public meeting in Brisbane and another at Warwick, to which place they on their leaving Queensland were accompanied by the Minister for Agriculture, a party of members of Parliament, clergymen, and editors—all which, were, of oourse, duly chronicled here at the time of the happening of them, made up the result of the sixth paper of the series. We know well that the people of our district enjoy few things more than a good dance,—the columns of the Mail attest that fact very clearly. And as a good dance means good music w> are -ure that the young ladies or gontbmen who figure as for pianists at the dances will thank us drawing th.ir attention to a new piece of waltz music. The name of it is the " Kelvin Waltz "and it is dedicated to Lady Nelson by its composer, Miss Amy Holt, a young lady who lives at Kelvin Grove, near Brisbane. On receiving a copy of the piece we submitted it to the Music Tester for the Mail, and she after two tests declared it "uncommon and pretty" ; and the next day she said she " liked it better still, now that she had tried it again." Another critical lady who heard it, pronounced it " simple and pretty." Now we swear by these two judges, and accept their verdict without any hesitation, and on the strength of it advise every pianist in the Moreton district, up to Yandina and out to Woodford, to send for a copy. The fact that it is a Brisbane production should commend it. The price of the piece is 2s. and it may be had at Paling's in Queen street. 