PERIWINKLE. + CHAVTKRXX. (WND yet— nnd yet was it so TiJ very long ago, after all? ' Strarigo that, on that night of all nights, I should have found invself sincine tho favourite sons; of my girlhood, of my lost happy youth, when IknewnotDarlDark- wood or aught of ovil or of sor row — " I saw from tho bench, whou tbo morning was shining" — the song that I used sometimes to sing to 1 trembled, shiver- ed as it the ico-colU breeze irom without had touched mo, but play ed on mechancially nevertheless. I sang— sang with a passionate feeling of hopeless regret, all un conscious though I was perhaps of it at tho timo, with a vague, tender longing for tho glad innoc- enco of youth which never, never more could bo mine again — which, in its fidelity and yearning pathos seemed absolutely to thrill tho densely-packed house. " No'or tell mo of glories soronol jr adorning Tho clnso of our duy. tho culm of our night — Oive me back, giro mo' hack tho wild freshness of Morning, Hor clouds nnd hor tonrs aro worth tho Evening's host light." Never within my short experi ence of it and tho ways of its auuienco noa mo uieatre oeeu so hushed. It was not often thnt I glanced downward at tho occupants of the stall; they always appeared so horribly near to the stage. Tho bold upward staring, wliotlior of curiosity or of admiration which I encountered annoyed me acutely — to me was disagreeable in tho extreme. But to-night, ns I was in the net of rising from tho mu sic stcol to bow my thanks to the familinr outburst of enthusiasm, something— a strange, indifinahle force or influence which some, I dare say, would call 'magnetic' — involuntarily caused mo to turn my eyes dowuward upon those rows of crimson seats immediately behind tho band. There, in the end seat of the third row from tho stage, his oy' s fixed upon me — eyes in which, 1 fancied just then, there were shining together amazement, joy, reproach, and a hopeless fatherly love — sat a figuro that for years I had Been only in my dreams. \y as it a ghost — a ghost from my dead forlorn past — or was it , a grim reality No— no; it was no eiTor of vi- ._ sion, no trick of fancy, no ap parition from an immaterial world. Heaven help mo it was . solid flesh and blood ! Time notwithstanding had dealt hardly with tho benign- looking old man ; lie looked in deed as if his years sat in heavi ness and in weariness upon him. His light-blue eyes were as mild as in expression; but his pale lips were drawn down, with strong r" lines upon them. His face, with its fringe of iron- gray whisker, was no longer pink and smooth, hut had a colourless, an almost in'ldari linn tVinf !u flm noetinKf \- uiu« J 4 nuan6ui was ghastly to behold. He had, too, grown' very bald. Upon the convenient lodge boforo him stood a glass of steaming grog ; between the fingers of one wiry veined hand ho held the stump of a cigar; whilst with tho other hand, upon his kneo, lie grasped a blank bag. Great Heaven — the blaek bag ! . Our eyes met. He. smiled mournfully — lialf rose from his seat, still faintly smiling, as if uncertain what to x do. It was horrible. A smothered cry broke from 'me. I staggered sidewiso on to tbo music-stool, discordantly stri king the notcB of tho piano with my nerveless outstretched arms. Some one Bhrickcd, ' She is ill —dying!' Then thn lights seemed to go \- out, the theatre to spin round. The curtain fell with a crash, and I remember no more. chapter xxx. When 1 recovered strength and sensibility, I was iu the manager's room. I found myself sitting there . in aii easy-chair, with Mr. Binkworthy bending over mo, looking thoroughly spared and anxious. He was holding brandy or brandy.-nnd-water, to my lips. I thrust -it away, and with diffi culty rose to my feet. 'Pah! I do not want it. Don't !' I muttered, in a tone of ' ;i . weary disgust. 'I am — I am go- i ig home immediately.' 'You are not strong enough jet. Do wait a bit, Madame Flcurefto.' pleaded the manager; ' 'Tisn't very late — not eleven — nnd — ' I shook my head, held up my hand to silence him, found tny wraps and put them on. One of them was a fur-lined clonk, the warm hood of which I drew close over my roughened hair. 'The night's bitter outside,' said tho manager anxiously — ' it snows hard.' 'So it did when I arrived. ftnnd niffltf TWt "RinlrwArtv ' He caught hold of my cloak to detain me another minnte or two. ' For Heaven's sake, Madame Fleurette, take care o' yourself 1' ho said huskily. ' Don't go and ketch cold, whatever you do, or — or you won't be able to sing to-inorrow night.' Tbo bare thought of such a calamity seemed to mako him perspire. He blew a loud sign, trad pulled out a pueo silk pooket- handkerchief and wiped his sbiu- ing forehead. 'That must not happen, you know,' he said, with a poor at tempt at a friendly smite. ' It would nover do to disappoint them at this time o' year, and — nnd when you'vo got to be such a tremendous favourite with 'cm all, too !, ' Do not be frightened. I will not happen,' said I with a kind of scornful impatience which 1 took no pains to conceal. ' I don't forget what is expected of mo here so long as the breath remains in my body. But a cab-horse,' I sighed bitterly, as I moved from the stage door into tho bleak and snowy street, ' drops sometimes in the shafts — dead !' I hurried nlcng, seeing no cub, my cloak wrapped tightly about me, my fearful eyes glancing to the right and left. The night was unutterably cold and dreary, tho snow still fell but here iu the great city losing its chill purity tho instant it touched the ciirth ; the sludgy pavements wore almost deserted. All the lato omuibuses wore full, but I recollected that thcro was a cabstand not many yards further ou, nnd thither with beating heart I hastened. Could I escape ? Was there any chance for mo ? Yet no shriek of alarm left my lips when I felt my arm touched — touched timidly by some unseen band — when a figure stole out from the shadow of a roomy door way belonging to an empty house with broken and shattered wiu- dows which adjoined a portion of tho theatre I had just quitted. ' Flower — Flower said the well-remembered voice, humbled, mild, tremulous with sorrowful entreaty, gentle as ever — 'and so wo meet again ! How strange is life ! How strange are the acci dents of it. Oh, my child — though child ycu arc no longer, but grown to a woman wondrous- ly fair — speak to me — give mo a word ! I have been waiting and watching for you here; speak to your poor old: ' 'Father,' I said in a shuddering whisper, 'in pity leave mo; no, do not touch me again, but leave me in peace — if there be such a thing as peace in this world. And, if — if it be that you still care for mc, I ask you to prove it this in stant by leaving mo as I beg you. Wo aro nothing to each other — —nothing but strangers. When I left — left Moor Edge, I left you for ever — for ever and ever. I have other ties now. Never dare trouble mc again — hut go 1' I had turned my horrified eyes towards him, with my hands hard pressed over .my bosom, my face as white as the falling snowflnkes — still cowering backward against the wall of the forsaken house, lest my garments even should be defiled by contact with the man before me. In the pallid light from tho street-lights in our vici- nity I perceived that he was re garding me with mjld questioning blue eyes full of perplexity. One hand was extended in a pleading manner towards me ; in tho other was tho blaok bag without which, as in tho days of old, he travelled nowither. ' Flower,' said he whom once I had known as and innocently called my ' uncle Simon,' you are very hard, my dear ; I will not say unnatural, because .perhaps it is only — only natural, after all, that you, having— as you told mo iu that message' that you left be hind you when you fled from Moor Edge, nnd indeed as is very evident to mo now — at last dis covered the truth, should shriuk from him who always loved you so well, dear — nay, who would i ' Love — love,' I gasped, ' do not, I pray you, think of that beautiful word as anything that could possibly havo existence be tween you and me. It is not possible — not true. I ceased to care for you, to regret you, when I learned tho truth. Ah, it was too cruei, too norriuie/ ' Oh, Flower,' said the old mnn very desolately, the tears begin ning to trieklc down his changed cheeks, 'you are too hard — too hard upon mo. Child, yon would at least pity mo — I believe you would not be so unkind — if you knew how wretched I am in my old age, how lonely I hare been since .you went away. 'Tho old old moorland home is sadly alt ered since' you knew knew it, Flower. It was always solitary, dear, I'm aware ; it is worso than solitary now. Flower, for the sake of the happy old days that are dead and gouo and oannot re turn, let mo take you by the hand — only once again, my dear, just once.. Let me take your hand in mine, and hear you say, ' uncle Simon.' — just once, only once, as you used to do. A minute ago you called me 'father.' Why, why was that ? Strange, very stiango, coming from you, Flow er. Why was it, dear ? ' ho whis pered plaintively. 1 Call mo 'un cle Simon ' again ; not ' Nearer he crept tome; tho black bag brushed my gown. I flung out my arms, and passionately waved him beck. ' Do you not understand mo ? ' I said sternly. ' Since we parted I have loured tho truth, the whole truth. If I called you 'father,' I — I did not mean to. Tho name elinmoil funm ma unn urnrac vnil XI Will IliO U1IU1I J are nothing to me. Your meet ing me to-night is dreadful — dreadful I was unhappy enough Hcaveu knows, before ; I am at this moment fifty times unhappior than I was. Thanks to my hus band,' I cried bitterly, ' I am no longer an innocent and ignorant girl — I am a woman, with a wo- inun's hard experience of life. My husband— whew all was gloom and darkness— has let daylight in. I havo gained wisdom, and have paid dearly for the gaining of it. That is tho way of things in this world. He guessed — somehow found out — everything. He told me tho truth— the truth, Simon Crcedy. Do you hear? Do you comprehend? Go, go, go, then ; the sight of you hurts my eyes. Let me pass, but do not touch me; I want to get home to my child.' ' Husband — child ' repeated the old man drenmiiv. as if mv passioiiately-uttored words — eve ry ono of them, save those two — had not fallen upon his cars at all ; ' tell me somothing about them — your husband and your child — porhnps children? Have you more than one ? Tell me, Flow er? Are you happy iu your married life — quite happy, dear ?' he said eagerly. ' And — and lot mo hear how it is that I find you singing at that theatre place; They told me inside that you sing there every night — that — thut J ' My present lifo is my own- it does not concern you, Simon Creedy,' I answered him wildly. ' Whatever it be, whatever I may hold dear in it, it is my own af fair, not yours. Evil, lost old man; I am nothing to you. 1 mttyibo yourj child, hut I have nought in my heart for you ex cept, deepest loathing ; and there fore— — ' ' A hugh dark form, but a few yards from where we stood, here advanced slowly through the whirling snow. I sprang past Simon Creedy nnd grasped t.»o policeman uy ine arm. ' Find me a cab, will you ?' I panted, 'and I will give you half- a-orown !' For a few seconds he stared down into ray white and agitated face, and then said — ' Certainly, m'm, 1 will.' He put a whistle to his lips and blew it shrilly. ' Who t is the matter, madam ? Havo you been insulted ?' asked he, dropping the whistle into his pooket. 'Yes — no — yes, I mean,' was my incoherent reply ; and, hardly conscious of what I did, I pointed to the dark doorway of the empty house. Straightway my burley friend turned his bull's-eyo full upon tho shadowy entrance-place. The piercing light of it revealed Si mon Crcedy crouching there upon the wet doorstep, his bowed faco bidden in his hands, the black bag lying unheeded on the pave ment at his feet. With ono stride tho huge po liceman was stooping over the ab ject old man. Ho shook him roughly by the shoulder. Simon Creedy looked up. ' Flower, Flower,' ho cried, 'do not leave me like this ! Ono word, dear, after all these years — one littlo kind word 1 Flower — Flower ' With a harsh laugh the police- mnn afnnrinrl Imnlr 'Why, you old sinner — you is it?' I heard him exclaim. ' You, of all the limbs o' darkness in tho world— you.' The past faintness and dizziness of the theatre were returning. I felt thnt I could not stand un supported. Happily at that mo ment a hansom drove briskly alongside tho kerbstone, and stopped close to me. 'Are you tho fare, madam ?' inquired the driver. ' Some cue whistled.' 'Yes.' _ I told him whither to drive me, stumbled somehow into the cab; and sank buck with a groau of des pair. The policcmnn came to the cab- doors, leaned one arm upon them, looked in, and said significantly — ' Do you know, 'm, who he is?' — with n jerk of his holinet in the direction of tho dark door- wav. I remembered the promised half-crown. I managed to find the money and thrust it into the policeman's hand, saying faintly, ' It does not matter — let him go. And — and please tell the man to drive fast, he knows the address. Another moment and -I was travelling rapidly homeward to my darling— to my littlo sick pa tient child— through tho whirling white mist of tho wintry night. But a desolate cry seemed to follow mo upon tho breath of tho wild north wind— seemed now and then, with hursts of domonino laughter, to rush by the side of tho rattling cab, and refuse to bo shutout. . 'Flower, Flower,' wailed the old man's voice, 'do not leave mo like this .after all these years, dear, not like this! One littlo word,' it sobbed and laughed— ' one little kind word, dear 1 Oh, Flower. .... .Flower.... .. !' (To be Contiuned.) 'What are you doing, you young rascnl?' said a farmer to a small bov under a tree in his or- chard with nn apple in his. hand. 'Please, sir, 1 wns going to put this 'ero apple bock on tho" tree, sir ! Scribbler: 'Does your 7 wife laugh at your jokes in the paper?' Pun8ter:'Yes, but only on pay day.' _ y Archbishop Templo is tbo firet teetotaller to sit upon tho throne of Canterbury. A young gentleman recently advertised for a wife in the Mel bourne Evening Herald, and got answers from eighteen husbands stating that ho could have theirs. 