The Storyteller. The Christian. SECOND BOOK.—THE RELIGIOUS LIFE. XIX. "The Priory, May Day. BY HALL CAINE, Author of "The Manxman." "Dear Auntie Rachel,—The great evening is over! Such dresses! such diamonds!— You never saw the like! The smart folks are just like other hitman beings, and I wa« not the tiniest iblt afraid of them. My own part of the programme went off pretty well, 1 think. Mr. Koenlg hot! arranged the harmonies, accompaniments, and sym phonic* of gome of ouv old Manx songs, so I sang ' Mylecharaine,' and they lis tened and clapped, and then 'Ny Kiree fo Nlaghtey,' and they cried (and so did I), and then I imitated some work-glrL* Ringing In the streets, and they laughed and laughed until I laughed too, and then they laughed because I was laugh ing, and we all langbed together. It was over and done before 1 knew where 1 was, and everybody was covering me •with—well, no, not kisses, as grand father used to do, but the society equivalent—lee» and jellied, which the gentlemen were rushing about wildly to get for me. " But all this Is as nothing compared to what is ti> happen next. I mustn't whisper a word about it yet, so false face must hide what the false heart doth know. You'll have to forgive me if I succeed, for nothing is> wicked in this world except failure, you know, and a little sin mutt be a great virtue .if it has-grown to be big enough, you .see. There I 'How sagacious of me-! Yon didn't, know what a philosopher you had in the family, did you, my dears ? " It Is to be on the 24th of May. That will be the Queen's Birthday over again ; and when I think of all that has happened since the last one I feel as romantic as a schoolgirl and as senti mental as a nurserymaid. Naturally I am in a fearful flurry over the whole affair, and. to tell the truth, I have hied me to the weird sisters on the subject; that is to say, I have been to a fortune teller end spent a 'gootden' half-sove reign on the creature at one fell awoop. But she predicts wonderful things for me, so lam satisfied. The newspapers ere to Maze with my name, I am to have a dazzling success and become the idol of the hour, all of which is delight ful and entrancing, and quite reason- able at tbe money. Grandfather will reprove me for tempting Providence, and, of course, John Btorm, if he knew it, would eny that I shouldn't do much things under any circumstances ; yet to tell me I oughtn't to do this and I oughtn't to do that is like saying I oughtn't to have red Jia^r and I oughtn't to catch Hie uieasjes'. I can't help.it!« 1 can't help H! so what's the good of breaking one's, heart, about it?. , ".But I hadn't got to wait for- Hecate e't cje. for what related .to the uevys- \ papers. You nvust know, dear Aunt Rachel, that I did meet Mr, Drake atfhe nojrse.of tbe Home Secretary, and lie; Introduced me to a Miss Rosa Mac* quarrie, who 4s no longer very young or beautiful, but a dear for all that! and she, being a journalist, lias bruited my praises abroad, with the result that all the world is ringing with my virtues. Listen, all men and women, while I sound mine own glory out of a column as long as the Duke of York's :— "' She is young and tall, and has auburn (hair 1 (always thought it was red myself) 'and large gray eyes, one of which seems at a distance to be brown' (it squirts), * giving an effect of humour and coquetry and power rarely, if ever, • seen in any other face; . . . Her voice has cftantyjng varieties, of tone, being at one nfcment soft, cooing and ' Jiqirfd, and at another wild, weird, and plaintive, and her face, which is not Strictly beauififul* (Oh !), ' but striking And unforgettable, 'has on extraordinary range of express-ion. . . . She singe, recites, speaks, laughs, and cries (liter ally), and some of her selections are given in a sort of Irish patois' (Oh, my beloved Manx !) ' that comes from her girlish life with charming vivacity and drollness." All of wliieli, though it is quite right, and no more than my due, of course, made me sob so long and loud that my good little hippopotamus came upstairs to comfort me, but, finding me lying on the floor, he threw up his hands and cried, ' Acto <Wt! I taught it vos a young lady, but vhatever is it ?' " Yet wae's me ! Sometimes I think how many poor girls there must be who have never "had a chance, while 1 have bad so many and such glorious ones; who cannot get anybody to listen to them, while I am so pampered and pradsed ; who Hve in narrow alley* and serve hi little dark shops where men and men-things talk <t© them as they can't talk to their sisters and wives, while I am held aloft in an atmosphere of admiration and respect; who earn their bread in clubs and casinoes, where they breathe the airs of the hotbeds of hell, while I am surrounded by every thing that ennobles and refines! O God, forgive me if I am a vain pre sumptuous creature, laughing at every thing and everybody, and sometimes forgetting that many a poor girl who Is being tossed about In London is just as good a girl as I am, and as clever and as brave! "But, hoot! * I like* to be jolly and I allus is.' So Aunt Alma' doesn't like this Wandering Jew existence. Well, do you know I always thought I should love a gipsy life. It has a sense of movement that must be delightful, and then I love going fast! Do you re member the days when ' Caesar* used to take the bit hi hte teeth and bolt with me! Lo. there was lfttle me, cross legged on his bare back, with nothing to trust to but Providence and a pair of rope reins I but, oh my! I couldn't ' breathe for excitement and delight! Dear old maddeat of created ' Caesars,' I feel as If I were whacking at him yet! What do you thing of me ? But we • that be females are the same craythurs sJwte,' as old Chaise used to say, and what a woman Is In tbe cradle she con tinues to be to the end. There again ! I wonder who told you that, young lady t "But to tell you the troth at last, dear Aunt Rachel, there Is something I Have kept back until now, because I couldn't bear the thought of any of you being anxious on my account, especially grandfairher, who <think* of Glory so much too often as things are. Can't you guess what It 4s ? I couldn't help taking up my Hfe of Wandering Jew, because I was dismissed from the hos pital !. Didn't you understand that,'my dears? I thought I was telling you over and over aga&n.; Yes, dismissed as unfit to be a nurse, and so I was, accord ing, to the order of the institution first, and human love and pity last. But all's well that etiSa well, you know, and now that my wandering* seem to be over and I am in my right place at length, I feel like one'who Is coming out of a long im prisonment, a great peril, a darkness deeper even than John Storm's cell. And If I ever become a famous woman, and good men will Hsteu to me, I will tell them to be tender and merciful to poor gffrls who are -trying to live in Lon don and be good and strong, and that the true chivalry is to band themselves together against the men who are selfish and cruel and impure. Oh, this great, glorious, devilish, divine London ! 1^ must stand <to tbe human world as the seething, boiling, bubbling waters of Niagara do to the world of nature. Either a girl floats over Us rapids like a boat, and in that case she draws ncr breath and thanks God, or she is tosßed Into its whirlpool like <i dead body and goes round and round until she finds the vortex and is swallowed up ! " There ! I have blown off my steam, and now to business. Mr. Drake 4s to give a luncheon party iv his rooms on the twenty-fourth, in 'honour of my ex-, , pertinent,, but the great event itself wtll, not oome pff.until nearly half- past 0' that night By that time the auu -will' have set over. the back of the sea at Pee|, flic bUvckbird w4lt 'have given you •his last 'gxiy-frwopk,'_ and :nju. the world will be dropping aeleep, Now, If you'sl * only r.ementf)er to aay just then ' God' bless Glory !' I'll feel strong and big and brave . " Your poor, eilly, sentimental girlie, "Glory." XX. Some weeks hud passed, and It was the morning of the last day of John Storm's residence at Biahopsgate-street. After calling the Brotherhood, the Father hud entered John's room, and wad resting on the end of the bed. " You are quite determined to leave us?" he said. John answered firmly bnt respect fully, ■'»' Quite determined, Father." '. "You are of the same mind as at' Baster ?" : " Precisely the same." "Then-this is the last time I am to «all you ':" "Yes." The Father signed deeply, and said jn . broken sentence:*, "Our house is pars ing through terrible trials, my so'i. Perhaiw we did wrong to come here. . There is no cross in our foundations, and we have built on a worldly footing * Unless the Lord build the house. ..."'. It was good of you lo delay at my re quest the execution of your purpose, but now that the time has come ... I had set my heart on you, my son. I am an old man now, and something of the affection of the natural father—" John Storm had reached for the old man's hand. "Father, if you only knew " "Yes, yos; I know.. I know. You have suffered, and it J» not for me to reproach yon. The novitiate has its . great joy*, but it has its great trials also. Self has ttt be got rid of, faith has to be exerted, obedience baa to be learned, and. above all, the heart Jim to be detached from its Idols In the world —a, devoted mother, it may be; a dear •later; perhaps a dearer one still." There wa« silence for a moment. John's head was down ; he could not speak. " It Is not for me to probe the heart that does not reveal itself to ltd spiritual Father. That you wish to re turn to tbe world only «oows that you came before you heard the call of God. Some other voice seemed to speak to you, and yon listened and thought It was God's voice. But God's voice will come to you yet, and you will hear It and answer It and not another. . . . Have you anywhere to go to when you leave this house ?" " Yea, the home of a good woman. I naive written to her—l think she will re ceive me." " All that yon brought with you will be returned, and if you want money " " No, I oame to you as a beggar—let me leave you as a beggar, too." . " There is one thing more, my son." " What 1* it, Father V The old man's voice was scarcely audible. "You are breaking obedience by leaving us before the end of your novitiate, and the community must separate itself from you a* from one who has violated bis vow and cast him self off from grace. This will have to be done before you cross our threshold. It I* our duty to the Brotherhood ; it Is also our duty to God. You understand that?" " Yes." " And will be prepared for it V " Yem" " It will be in tbe church, a few min utes before nrldday service." " Ye*" The Father rose to go. " Then that Is all ?" "Yes. that Is all." The^Tather's Tolce was breaking. "Good-bye, my son." "Good-bye, Father—and God bless you !" A leather trunk which he had brought with him on, the day he came to the Brotherhood was returned to hU room, containing the clothes he had worn in the outer world, ac well as his purse and watch and other belongings. He dressed himself in hta habit as a secular priest, and put the cassock of the Society over !t, for he knew that to re move that must be part of the ordeal of bis expulsion. Then the bell rang for breakfast, and he went down to the re fectory. The brothers received him in silence, hardly looking up as he entered. Never theless, by their furtive glances he could plainly ccc that he was the only subject that occupied their thoughts. When the meal was over he tried to mingle among them that he niUht say farewell to as many as wer»» willing that he should do so. Some gave, him their hands with crompt goodwill, some avoided Mm. and some turned their backs upon him altogether. But If his reception in the refectory was chtiling, his welcome in the court yard was wai'ni enough. At the first sound of his footstep on the paved way the dog came from his quarters under the sycamore. One moment the crea ture stood and looked at him. with ite sad and blood-shot eyea, then with a bound it threw its "forepaVe on. his "breast, and then plunged and pi tchted arounfl aim find, uttered deep bays that were like the roar of, thunder. ■ He sat on the seat and caressed the dog,, and Me heart grew full .and. happy. The morning was bright with sunshine, the air wus fragrant with the flowera of spring, and birds were singing and rejoicing tfn the tree. Presently, Brother Andrew came and sat beside liiin. The lay brother, like a human dog, had been following him nbou't all morning, and now In his feeble way he began to lu4k of Iris mother, and to wonder if John would ever see her. Her name was Pincher, and she was a good woman. She lived in Orook-lnne, Crown-street, Soho, and kept, house for his brother, Who was a pawnbroker. But his brother, poor fetiow, was much .given to drinking, and perhaps that bad been a reason why he himself had left home. John promised to call on her, aud then Bro ther Andrew began to cry. The sprawl lng features of the great fellow were 'ahnostlaugha'ble to look upon. . The; bell rang for terce. While the brothel's were at prayers, John took his last look over the house. With the . dog at fete heels—the old thing seeniud resolved to lose sight of him no more he passed slowly 'through the hall and Into the community room, and up the stairs and down the top corridor. He looked again at every inscription on the walls, though he knew them all by heart, and had read them a hundred times. When lie came to his own cell be was touched by a strange 'tender ness. Place where he had thought so much, prayed so much, suffered so much —it was dear to htm after all! He went up on to the roof. How often he had been drawn there as by a devilish fascination J The great city looked in nocent enough now under its mantle of sunHgbt, dotted over with green ; but how dense, how difficult! Then the bell, rang for midday service, though it was not yet noon, and he went down to the hall. The brothers were there Already, making ready to go iuto the church. The order of the procession was the same as on the day of his dedication, except that Father Paul was. no longer with thorn—Brother Audrew going first with the cross, then the lay brothers, then the religious, then the Faicher, and John Storm last of all. Though the courtyard was full of sun shine the church looked dark and gloomy. Curtains were drawn across the windows, and the altar was draped as for a death. As soon as the bro thers had taken their places In the choir the Father stood on the altar steps and said : "If any member of this community has one unfaithful *thought of going back to the outer world I charge him to come to thie altar now. But woe to him through whom the offence cometb! Woe to him who turns back -let ter taking up the golden plough 1" John was kneeling in his place in the second row of the choir. The eyes of the community were upon him. lie hesitated a moment, then rose and stepped up to the altar. " My son," said the Father, " it is not yet too late. I see your fate as plainly as I see you now. Shall 1 tell you what it is ? Can you bear to hear it ? I see you going out iuto a world which has nothing to satisfy the cravings of your sonl. I see you foredoomed to failure and suffering and despair. I see you coming back to us within a year with a broken and bleeding heart. I see yon taking the vows of life-long consecration. Can you face that fu ture r "1 must." •'There is no help for it," sold the Father, ant taking a book from the altar he read the awful service of the degradation— "By the authority of God Almighty, Father (Crow), Bon, and Holy Ghost, and by our own authority, we the mem bers of the Society of the Holy Geth semane do take away from the habit of our Order and depose and degrade and deprive thee of all rights and pri vileges in the spiritual goods and prayers which, by the grace of God, are done among us." " Amen ! Amen !" said the brothers. During the reading of the service John had been kneeling. The Father mdtioned to hlin to rise and proceeded to remove the cord wfth which he had bound him at his consecration. When this was done he signalled to Brother Andrew to take off the cassock. The bell wa* tolled. The Father dropped to his knees. The brothers, hoarse and husky, began to «ing " In ; exitu Israel d? Aegypto." Their heads i were down, their voices seemed to come i up ovt of the earth. It waa all over i now. John Storm turned about, hardly . able to see hi? way. Brother Andrew wont before Jiim to open tbe door of the sacristy. The lay brother wob crying audibly. The sun was still -shining in the court yard, and the birds were -still staging «nu n-Joidng. The first thlug of which John waa conscious waa that the dog was llcklug lite rigid Angers. *"A moment later he was in the little Covered passage to' the 'street, ' and Brother Andrew was opening the iron. gate. "Good-bye, my lad." He stretched out his baud, then' re membered that lie was an excommuni cated man, aad tried to draw It brock, •but the lay! brother,had.snatched at If •and lifted It to his lips. The dog was following him Into the •street. .••• Go back, old friend." He patted the old creature on the head, aud Brother Andrew laid hold of It by the neck, A hansom waa waiting forJJilm^with his trunk on the top. " Viqtoiin-square, Westminster," 'he called. The cab was moving off when there was n growl and a lurch—the dog lultl broken away, and was running after It. • . ; 'How'crowded the-streets were ! How •deafening was the traffic ! The church bell waa ringing for midday service. What a thin tinkle it made out there, yet libw deep was Irs boom within! -Stock Exchange men with their leisurely activity were going in by their seven doorways to their great counting house In Capel Court. He began to feel, a boundless-relief. •How his heart was beating! With what a strange and deep emotion lie found (himself once more in the world ! DrLvlng In the dense and devious thoroughfares was like sailing on a cross sea outride a difficult headland. He could smell t!be brine and feel the •flick of the foam on lite lips and cheeks. It was liberty, it was life ! feeling anxious about the dog, lie •drew up the cab for a moment. . The faithful creature was runuing under the driver's* seat. Before the cab could start again a line of sandwich -men had passed in front of It. Their boards contained one word only. Tho word was "Gloria." He saw it, yet it barely arretted Iris consciousuefee. Somehow It seemed like an echo from the existence he bad left behind. The noises of life were as wine Jn Tils veins now. He was bunting with .im patience to overtake h!a' arrears of •knowledge, to see what the world bad -gone through in his nbseuce. Leaning over the door of 'the hansom, he read the names of the streets and the signs over the shops, and tried to Identify the houses which had been rebuilt and the thoroughfares which bad been al tered. But the past was 'the past, and tbe clock would turn back for no man. These men and women in the Streets ■knew all that had happened. The •poorest beggar on -the pavement knew more than he did. Nearly a year of Uris life was goue—in prayer, in penance, in fasting, In visions, in dreams—drop ped out, left behind, and.lost for ever! Going by the fywk. rhe cab drew up ngatu to allow a line of omnibuses to pam Into Cheapstde. Every omnibus bad its board for advertisements, and neatly every board contained the word lie had seen before---" Gloria." "Only the name of some music-hall Hluger." he told himself. But the name had begun to trouble him. It bad stirred the fibres of memory, and made Tthu think of the past—of his yacht, of Peel, of his father, and finally of Glory —and ngn'u of Glory—aud yet again of Glory. He saw that flags Mere flying on the MutKtlou House and on the Bank, and pushing up tbe trap of the bansom, he asked if anything unusual was going on. .'• Lawd ! down't ye know what day It to terday. sir ? It's the ode lyedy's btithdny. That's why all the wimmln's gain' abort in their penny carridges. JJeen through -a illness, sir?" " Yes, something of that sort." "Thort.so, sir." When the cab started af ysb be began to tell himself what he was going to do In the future. He wan going to work among the poor and the oiftcast, the ' oppressed and the falleu. He was going to search for t-hem and find them in their haunts of sin and misery. Nothing was to be too mean for Mm. Nothing was to be common or -unclean. -No matter about his own honour 1 No matter If he was only one man in a million ! The kingdom of heaven was like a grain of mustard seed. When. he came within sight of St. Paul's the golden cross on the dome was flashing like a fiery finger in the btaze of the midday sun. That was the true ensign! That was the great example! It was a monstrous and wicked fallacy, a gloomy and narrow formula, that religion had to do with the affairs of the eternal world otrly. Work was religion I Work was prayer ! Work was praise ! Work was the love of man and the glory of God I Glorious gospel! Great and deathless ■ymbol! End of Second Book, • - (to Be -continued.) 