THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Cnrious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live op among tbe Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of (be world knows nothing about. Lately a German' professor visited the ' adepts ' as these queer Hindus are called, for tbe purpose of finding- out the secret of their remarkable performances, They treated blm rather eeurvily, but Inter ested blm all the eame. One day the profepBor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuficrSpte, An Adept went with him to a cave wherein the books wera kept. The place was dark as the bottom of well, '1 can't see to read, here,' said the visitor, 'Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a eoft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, bat he aotfced that it had one strange quality— u cast not tf& ahgJuest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet ftp truth is affirmed fay a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read {t have op reason for doubt except that all the lights yon have seen had oast shadows, Belief or unbelief commonly parallel with one's own experience, Dr, Johnson sniffed at the account of tbe Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost, A man who bas bees HI for years, and failed to find a cure, Is sceptical wben friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else bnt doubt eonld result from bis experience. Take an examples— ' 'In tbe spring ef 188S,' writes our correspondent, 'I tell into a low, weak, $ud languid sfote, I felt low-spirited »nd out of sorts, At first my atotnsob was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I wm niupb troubled with wind, and fre quently spat up a sour flafd, also bitter bile, tetter on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits, I kept up with my work, bnt bad always a sense of discomfort. OS and. on I continued \a this way for two years, nothing that J took relieving me. At last J beard of Mother Ssigel's Syrup, »nd procured a supply. After I hftd taken only a few doges I found relief j my food digested, aud gradually all nervousness left me, Although I had no reason at first to feet apy confidence in this medicine, sever having used it or sees it as9A, J now gladly admit Its valae, wjd ite nower over disease, Since my recovery, for which % thank Mother Sefgel'e Curative Syrup, I bwe been in the bml of health iand ?-frftu, fu tbe Interests of Buffering humanity deem it a duty to send you this testimony, (Signed) D. Griffiths, tajW pod outfitter, 151\. ITwkley Hill, BirinlDglmBi, June m, 1§93' There is a deal of difference between Mr, GdffiKbfl candid lett«r and the stpry -tbont the light that dret no shadow, ' ' The latter may be true enough, *Bt it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth, on tbe other band we nave ia traet; worihy witness, who will »mw$r letter* $f cnoniry, Bnd pan be found at his address, Finally, there Is nothing mydite or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, U »9ti on ihe tfoi&ry; thai west ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that upiversal diseMe^jadigestlon and dyspepsia ; ft cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness ,pver fiearfb« »nd homes where illness and pin had cast ?sob dark and terrifying ehadew», An- that is why people believe all that U told of it* #ne«ws ty eager witnesBw, I*ee tsb charming trimming, and will be «xteasl^ly n»s4 tm *ewm, A iovely ebolwin every eoBeafvMile n»ke*ad des'gn ie ppw «bo wW at A. Sheard's Um% House O»sh Store, Murray- street, Gtwler,—B 