ALONE. (BY, MARION HARLAND) ? Author of Nemesis,' 'Hidden Patii,' 'Moss Sidk,' Pjiemik's Tf.mptation,' etc. CHAPTER X VII,- — ( Continued). . She looked at. her, but did' not speak. ' How do you fuel now ??' ?' L don't knoiv,1 ma'am.' j 1 ' You tire not quits awake yet, I belivc,' said liei' : mother, smiling I ... ' Iliire, drink this — it will do you \ . y gorJ.' ?1 - 1 She took it. Jj 1 'j 1 By the way, my dear,' continued ; j, Mis Morris, busying herself with tho \- folds of a curtain, which did nob hang j, bosuithei, 'I havo melancholy news ^ ' foi you Our friend, Mr Holmes, died r suddenly, night bt/oie last. . I-nevey ^ w»s 11101 ens'oni&hcd; and grieved in nft | ltfe. He was such a handsome, promis I in^ young man, and so attached tfT us ! . I sa'd directly how sorry you watld bo ti hear it. You wore so much together — .? - . wheie aie ilie pins ? 0I1! her^/they are 1 ' His disease was a rapid inflammation of ? - tho lungs. The funwral j^fill take place at the cliurch this aftepfioon ; — some of : . * us. must £50, if the wedther is bad. Do ? you think you willile well enough ?' ' Yes ma'am.' ' ' Well — I hope so ; aud now I will go . down and keep the children still, so that . you can slpfcp.'' The Jmuiukr of a thousand cannon wouldf'not have disturbed her. Slip heard and saw all that passed ; but in place of heart ai.d sense, was a dead vacuity, empty and soundless, although ? it had engulphed thought and feeling. She went to the funeral. -Prudent, appearance-loving Mis. Morris dexter-' v. ously flung .1 veil before the stony eyes, \- - whose tearlessness people might observe, \- and wonder aloud, as she did mentally, y . at ' Ellen's want of feeling;' but her daughter quietly raised it. The church was crowded. The untimely end of one so gifted and popular, thrilled the com munity, as tho breast of one man. All was as still as the grave ; the roar of the busy city life deadened by the heavy atmosphere and cushioned earbh. The wail of a clarion stirred the air ; — nearer v , and nearer it sounded ; and the plaintive breathing of other instruments; and at long intervals a single roll of the drum ; — nearer and nearer — they ceased, and tho procession moved up tho aisle. First walked Charley Dannand hissister-iri-law, ?fttn.v-. clail in deep mourning ; then Lacy, pale ^ and sorrowful, and on his arm another : v.. black-robed figure (such privilege had ?( Friendship above Love!) then a small ? band of fellow-artists; and the coffin! . borno and followed by the Masonic 1:: -;, tratornity, of which he was a member. : . It was down in front of the pulpit; ? 'the Book,' with it3 drapery of black' crape, laid reverently upon it; and the service proceeded. There were prayers ? and hymns and a sermon; she heard ? : ? . ? none — the eoffiu lay in her sight — his ? coi&n; ! It was not! Where then was the vigorous life which moved the still , form within it'! where the soul of splendid imaqinings and lofty nspira-' j.''-rr?/.v.-: '..'.tioas?.'wbere'the-l-eart, with its wealth of feeling' they could' not die 1 He lived still — and living, loved her. . That narrow coflin wa3 a horrible; mockery. And so, when the cover was removed, and thoso, who fiom curiosity or affec tion, dpsued to look for the last time = upon his face, hied slowly by it, she arose ?..j'': : too. ' He was there! royally beautiful, oven in his prison house ; the rich black ?'.iu locks swept back from the marble temples; and a smile resting upon the lips, Oh! \vhat power bears woman up in a moment like tbis. . . Her life — her world was shut in with the replacing of that lid, s. :... but she saw each screw returned to .its \- / place, without a tear or a shudder; * herself, proposed to her mother, that ? they should follow the corpse to its home; and watched them heap the snow ' , aud clods upon it. And through that ' and mauy succeeding nights, she stood j . ; in the attic, in cold and darkness, strain-, ing her eyes towards where the gleapifcg^ / tomb-stones were visible in the day, and . : 1 . fancying she could tell which shadowed ; an unsodded mound. Charley was hei friend's exf eutor. In the fulfilment of his trust he found a casket marked— 'To be given, at my k,, death, to E. — M.' He thought of seal '?&; ,\i , ing it up, and sending it to her with a note from himself; but decided upon further deliberation to entrust it to Ida. It was a painful duty. Sho was not .able yet to speak of Lynn without dis tressing emotion. His decease was so ' . -i - sudden, so awful — snatched, as he wa?, m ? from her very side, with the barest tii.f intimation of his danger, after months of &.: i . intimate intercourse. She mourned for y-.i him as sisters and friends seldom weep, vsi- ft; :- ? ? Charley did not command., 'She was the more pioper peison,' he said ; ' but ?f he would nol giievo her by enforcing the , request ' , ' I cannot meet liei !' said sbe. ' He 1 ' was so dear to us — how can I endure the sighb of her indiflerence? Thoy say she ' , was calm and cateless while thoy were *? burying him.' \ , ' Calm — sho cei lainly was ; but the -, glance I hitd at hei face assured me not ' careless. J am much mistaken if she ' was nob the giealest sufferer by the grave.' I was aniriy with her previously; ' 1 believe now that sho merits our com ' - passion.' t Yet it was an unwilling heart that Ida carried to the interview, Ellen sent for her to come to her 100m. ' I am busy, you see,' said alio, with the ghost of a '' 1 , &imle.; Ida held the precious legacy ' more tightly, as she noticed her occupa ' ' tion. A ball- dress was spread upon the ; ' bed, and sho was fastening roses upon ' the &kicb.; Her check was white, as Ida ' , glonced at hei own sad-colored dress. * ?' You are going to the party to-niglit, v;^% then ?' said the latber. \- *'' ' Yes — will Josephine attend?' / r'i 'I have not htard her say — have not vitoafw*. inquired — have not thought of ib.' 'C- ? Despairing of broaching the subjecb»in , any other way, sha took the casket Jfoiu under her shawl, and laid it uppfi the dress. . ,/ ' The living forgeb sooner ^han the dead, Ellen 1' was all she saidj. Tho unhappy girl recgifed at the familiar characters upor^''the lid, and stretched out her arms with an imploring cry. Ida reached her4/as sho fell. She had fainted. Charley's woids were ?verified, nnd Ida bjttmed herself severely for her cruol abVuptness. Her tears ran fast as slie' strove to restore con sciounrss. ' C)h I Ida — Lynn !' groaned Ellen, reviving. Reserve, prido, se'.f control wero borne down— thoy wept in each Qjtner's arms. With the casket pressen to her bosom, Ellen heard his las^rtiiessnge, and the hopeful words he hitff spoken of the futuie, he was not to know upon earth. 1 ' (To be Conlimied.) 