LITERATURE. REVIEWS. "The Heart of Princess Osra," by Anthony Hope (Longmans, Green, & Co., London}. This is a charming romance, and like ail the other characters in the book—except the dull miller Hofban and the Prince of Glottenberg, who suffered from an earlier affection—the reader falls in love with the fascinating princess at first sight. There is but little plot, but we are much interested in the heroine's love adventures, and also in the fate of the poor fellows whose peace of mind is destroyed by her coquetries. Among the many good things written by this popular author the book before us will rank high. The volume reaches us through Messrs. George Robertson & Co., of this city, who also send Mr. Clark Russell's "My Danish Sweetheart," a work which we have already favourably noticed. Fifty-two Stories of the British Navy, edited by Alfred U. Miles (Hutchinson and Co., London). The compilation is on the whole, a good one, showing the milestones and incidents by the way in the progress of the British Navy. The editor has wisely given the tales as told by the best authorities. Who better than Sir Walter Raleigh, for in- stance, could tell the undying story of "The Revenge?" A few great single-ship actions might well have been included, and there are no more valorous or exciting deeds than many of the cutting-out expeditions of the old French War, which we think should have been substituted for the notable wrecks. The illustrations, too, might have been more correct, and true to the time. That of the Armada seems an anachronism—ships were not painted in that fashion till the present century. "The Works of Lord Byron," edited by William Ernest Henley (William Heinemann, London). This, the first volume of a new edition of the master poets' works, contains the letters written by Byron during the years 1804-1813. Some of them are of little moment, but among the many that are interesting is one to Sir Walter Scott, in which, referring to "English Bards and Scotch Reviewers," Byron says—"The satire was written when I was very young and very angry, and fully bent on displaying my wrath and my wit, and now I am haunted by the ghosts of my wholesale assertions." He then details a conversation with the Prince Regent—"He talked to me of you and your immortalities; he preferred you to every bard past and present. . . . He spoke alternately of Homer and yourself, and seemed well acquainted with both; so that (with the exception of the Turks and your humble servant) you were in very good company." The poet's letters to Moore and Murray, his publisher, are also good reading. A great portion of this volume, and not the least interesting, is taken up with " Notes" on the letters. In these Notes we have much curious information about Byron's friends as well as his enemies. Among the former was "Gentleman" Jackson, who, according to Moore, was the "sole prop and ornament of pugilism." He was champion of Eng- land from 1795 to 1803, and is de- scribed as "a man of character and integrity—polite, agreeable, a capital talker, and a person of tact and charm." He taught Byron boxing, and told Moore that the poet "always showed great spirit in coming up to the blows." Mr. Henley considers "the years whose voice-in-chief was Byron . . . the worst understood in the national existence," and thinks that to know something of Byron one should know the aims, lives, and per- sonalities of contemporary men and women. He also confesses to cherishing a hope by the time his task is finished of presenting the poet in a light that will enable us to form " a juster apprehension of the quality and temper of Byron's environment" and a better under- standing of his character and achievements, both of which Mr. Henley considers extraordi- nary. The volume, which runs into 170 pages, is well bound and clearly printed, and the edition when completed will probably prove to be one of the best and most comprehensive extant, and do much to revive interest in the genius who during his lifetime was un- doubtedly the greatest personality in Europe. A portrait of the poet, as frontispiece, from the painting by Thomas Phillips, R.A., 1814, is an excellent piece of work. In "The Lost Stradivarius," by J. Meade Falkner (William Blackwood & Sons, Edinburgh and London), there is a good deal of the supernatural element. Sir John Mal- travers from his earliest boyhood had been passionately devoted to music. During his student days at Oxford he accidentally dis- covers a secret cupboard in one of his rooms. In this cupboard, covered with dust and cob- webs. he finds a beautiful violin—a genuine Stradivarius. The wonderful and uncanny influence of the instrument over Sir John works a great change in his character, but not for good, either to himself or to those dearest to him. There is a certain allurement about this novel which is dilficult to define, as of con- versation there is but little, neither is there, except in one instance, any particularly, striking situation. Perhaps one reason why the book is so attractive lies in the fact that the story is told in a singularly plain and lucid manner, the author's literary style being cer- tainly of a high order. Lovers of music es- pecially will be delighted with the volume. 