kk White as Snow. Adeline Sbbok&kt;, ip the Weekly fv'VI'V Scotdunan. CHAPTER vvv'^es, it'll * queer bit of coast, sir, infl nbi very well knotrn, beiug ao far vawayfrom ft railway line,' eaid my .guide in • meditative toqe. araa an old man, with scant grey iv^bWr*nd wrinkled face, but the bent Shbouldere were broad, and the big <ji|gtaniijbones of his figure showed the ;%jr«sfcktsfagoodly frame. Re acknow. ip}bOgfed,rather gruffly, that he had a wAwihge of rheumatism now and then, p?aiud'tbat he was ont the man he used hut his blue eyes were still j83bnght,«ud hia rugged features ex -JjwiiaedebrewdneBS and sagacity. I'lipy v &acl;$dld-"IDe at the inn that hia natne vSwki^Saeob Tregarthen, and that I ■SjehdcWtiOt find a better guide to the ^aitfle'Cornish Tillage and its neigh iSjtOtirhpod, to which I had been rccom \- atBended as an excellent place for sketching purposes. -Ihad beeit toid of the district, but of Folwhela in particular, and tbe : "little place came upon me with a shock ; of surprise. Its aad roofs and stone trails clustered trader the cliff of black basalt, as if they were sheltering from the fury of wind and ware upon the : barren shore. The hay, or care, in which it wae situated was narrow, and -on each side great apure of rock pro \- Jected into the eea, and stood up like sentinels as if to guard tho village. ; One could see that there must hare been many a shipwreck on these out lying racks, and that in stormy \- weather the entrance to the bay, except to the smallest craft, was ex ceptionally dangerous, v , ; Tbe main street.of tho village was I --Continued ins narrow rond, which crept round the cliffs en either side of the biy, end lost itse'f apparently in the outer world. Save when the fieher folk were taking their fiak to tbe nearest market towns, they trod this road but seldom. There was a winding path behind the houses, up the face of tbe cliff, which they generally preferred. It led to the church, which, us is usually the case in these little coast haoiletB, wbb situated on the heights, bo as to Bcrre if necessary, as a beacon In the sailors .. out it sea. The church look my fancy. It was alow squat building of atone, with a square tower and a lantern, and it stood on the top of tho cliff with its wailed enclosure of green ~ graves around it, curiously monu mental in aspect. The sturdy strength of the little place impressed me—it must have been alvong, indeed, to weather the buffets of tke equinoc tial gales ; and I was not surprised to : hear from my friend Tregarthen that the wa'ls were nearly three feet thick. 'Otherwiib, it would hare been down many a year ago,' he said. ' I should like to sketch it,' I ob served, after making a circuit of the .building. ' I should like to carry away a memory of such n haro wind- j swept place upon this rocky height.t It interests inc.' I • Them's luR'jy -i "Iran in;; been mml of it,'said my guide, sitnply. 'li'sa wish t place. to my thinking, from the outside. Inside, there's thingc thai you'm be pleaaod with, maybe' 1 followed biui into the building, and found, indeed, some curious kits "of Architecture andcarv't g, or which I • determined to have a record. Tre gartbern did not my much; he . -watched me in grave silence, with rather a questioning eye, as I paused from pillar to pillar, or stopped to ' read a half-tfiaced inscription, or floated over the old oak in the chair. Either be knew nothing about the history of the church, or be would not tell it to me. After a time 1 be • came impatient to get rid of hiiu. Something in the atmosphere of the old place affected me oddly. I felt ae lfIwantedto.it and dream of the /flaber men and women who had sat /. Sunday by Sunday on these rude oaken benches, tiring their lives out /" /beneaththe shadow of that old grey . ' tower, until the time came for them \ today their weary bones down in tko grassy wind-awept grareytrd upon the ■p/^eights above the aea.' // / 1 Jehopld like to sit here for a little time,' I eatd to Tregarthon, unetrap "i ping my portfolio. .'Don't let me ^jkeep.ynu. It will take mo an hour jjyfjw.1- adore to makeV. sketch of the //jbhancb!.1' I nodded as I spoke towards the north-east aide of the church. There rt';3;was a curious little wiudotr in the ./wall, with a stone arc above it, and traces of earrings, and mouldings ^ which "interested mo. Tregartfaen //intercepted my glance at me, as "I figthougbt, oddly t but he ooly said, K.'hritb • grave bend of his venerabTe fiheadt 0j5/*ni wait in the churchyard, eir, Hjpntil you'm ready to go.' was a little irritated at first by thought of bis waiting for me; ipt by and fay, in the interest of my sketch, and of the dreams conjured up 'iy lfae associations of the building, I ilk Remembrance that he was outside I made a aketoh of the window, hioh was closed with a wooden efantter ae if it were never used, and Itmkdd more like the door of a small osrd than a window; in faot, it to me that an ancient piscina fht be found behind, or thst it aiveceptaole for Baered vessels theory was soon -disturbed. ,idokiog round at it again, while as in the midst of a sketch of a tiful boa relief behind the altar, dealy perceived that the wooden eras open, and that it opened into the churchyard or some ofporeh, for I saw a glimmer of iky and the line of a pillar or lit!- Between the gliihpse of inter world .and me, then the -head- of a man, at first I-took to be Tregar jo, TvegarthenJ' 1 called* ont ilj-,- ■ So -you have opened the , .ffacxe, heflyybu P jtcLjkes laiw it was not Tregar B<«t all. It kvae the faee of a touch younger men, lividlv pale, scowling, with jet black hair and eyee - not a pleasant faee, although well.featurcd, to look apoit. X looked at him for a minute or two, and he looked at mo ; then I turned to the woRt door, with a sudden impulse to coll Tregarthen, and ask him who this nsati might be. Bui on looking back I saw that the face woe gone, and the wooden shatter oloBed. The incident bad occurred in complete silence; I had not heAtd a sound, although it might have been expected that the closing of the dour or shutter could not be accomplished so quietly In snob profound still ness. I threw down my pencil, and tnsdo my wav at once to the little window. Curiously onougb, I found it fastened, apparently looked, , end secured with iron bar*. 1 went oat into the churchyard, and hastily performed a circuit of Ihfl church. No tramp or idler could easily concsal hior^ft in that deso late place, no less he crouched behind the botindnry. wall or one of the crooked tumbsionsB. libidos, the face that I had seen did nut impress one as that of a common tramp. It had an air of refinement, in epite of theeoowl; and the jet black hair and ewarthy complexion suggested a southern origin. Oorniahmen are ewarthy and black-haired, I know ; but there was something in this man's face that looked to me strange ly foreign. With eome difficulty X found the window where I had seen the faoe, and was a little bewildered at the discovery. For it was not only shattered, but blooked up with masonry, and overgrown with Ivy snoots. I should baro thought that I bad mistaken the window but for my oertointy that it was situated in that particular spot. I was still staring1, open-mouthed, at the nearly obliterated mouldings in the wall when Tregarthen came hurrying np to me, with a look of Uneasiness in his honest sea-blue eyes. y • What's this window, Tregarthen?' I asked him { end I noticed that my voloe was a little hoarse. Il'a never used now sir,' said the old roan reluotantly, «s I thought. < Paraon had it bnilt up yeara ego. It warn t no manner of nee nowa daye,' he said. ' Wbat *aB u for in old times, then F * Well, sir, the etory goes that it is T 1J ! the Window. In the old days there was a leper houee close by hers, and the poor loper-folk used to come to this window in the chonoel nnd listen to ! the worde of prsiee and prayer. But it. many a year sinoe it was used ' thank God.' ' « But what do you mean by saving that it is built up ?• I naked sharply Some inlluenoe of the uleoo woe a (Feci > nit me ; it seemod to havo got upon ray nerves. J could not speak in my.usual tone. 'It is not built up at all,' I said. ' It wa9 open just now, wide open, and eoracoue was loottitH' in.' ■ G'vi furhid !' ssiti Tregarthen, with a fi'iiiil-JtT ' It niu«l lia' been a fancy, sir; and yon'm looking main wieht an' white, n« if you'd been wurkiug too bard wi" your pencil and brush. There's a drop o' stuff in your flash, maybe, as would do 'ee good, air.' • Now. look here Tregarthen,' I said, < you fenoir aa well as T do there's something queer about that window. It may be only some trap-door or mechanical arrangement for moving it, but I tell you distinctly it opened wide a few minutes ago, and that I saw a man looking in.' Whet kind of a man might it be you thought you saw ?' asked Tre gsrtben cautiously. 'Dark—very dork, with black hair and eyea. He scowled nt me aa if I uo business to be in tbe church, I thought he did not look an English man.' Tregarthen recoiled A little, and his lips moved as if in prayer, -If he had been a Catholic . he would, I think, hare made the sign of the cross. ' Vou know the man ?' I askod. 'I know one that favoured him once upon'a time,' heesid, almost solemnly, ' but I thought that his soul was long ago at rest.' . ' What I' I cried, hslf-derieively. 'Are you hinting at ghosts, Tre garthen ? Do you mean to insinuate that I did not see a living man ? Why, man, I saw him aa distinctly sb I see you, ' Ay, sir, and you're not the first,' said Tregarthen. I laughed aloud. 4 Ah, well, I don't believe in apparitions,' I remarked: • There's evidently a story about the place, aud i should very much like to bear it, but I don't promise to pin my faitb 0:1 the gboet.' •4 There is no ghost,' eeid Tregarthen, with BPriousuese- ' At least not what folks would generally call a ghost. But I'll tell you the story if you like, sir ; and then you can judge for your self. And first of all I've something ehow yon.' He lod me aside and showed me a grave—still on the north side of the church. From the way the mound had sunk I conjectured that it had been there for many years. The head stone gere mo little information. It bore one word only—the name of ' Cynthia.' 4 An uncommon uame,' I said, look ing at it with interest. Tregarthen looked also, and then approached to the stone and scraped away a little bit of lichen that was growing over the tetters. There was a singular tender ness in bis manner aa ha did this, a singular gravity in bis weather-beaten, fine old face. .. , * There lies the only woman I ever loved,' he said, aa quietly «s if,he bad made" the uiost common-place state ment in the world—and perhaps, he bad. ' There she has lain for many a loug year, in a grave that some folk call accursed. Now, sir, if you like, I'll tell yon my Cynthia's story. I gire it in his words. (TO BE CO.NTIKUED) 