SUNDAY READING. RESPONSIBILITY. (By the Rev. E. J. Gough M.A., Rector of St. Paul's Dundee.! Tltoti art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting. — Man. v., 17. Personal responsibility is that feature of our human life which is at once the noblest and the most serious. It is that feature which distinguishes man from the brutes, which ma ice hini a person, and not a thing: that which lies behind rircumstanoes; that Whh which the gift of a moral law and of free will is neces sarily charged. "Everyone shall give account of himself to God." "Thou art weighed in the balances." This mosl solemn lesson of personal responsibility comes to us from Holy Scripture, in re view of nu individual iife passing under the judgment of Almighty God. But 1 do not think it is necessary to enter at any length into THE W i-", DE-KNOWN STORY. We can easily recall the notable seen# ill Bc-lshazzar's banquet-hall, on that night when the fate of Babylon and its king was sealed. " Belshazzar," wo arc told, "made a great feast to a thou sand of his lords, and drank wine before ihl> thousand." There were the usual surroundings of Eastern magnificence and voluptuousness, and yet on this very night Darius the Median, with his besieging forces, lay outside the walls of Babylon, vigorously pushing on his plans, while within the city hundreds of Jewish captives were longing for the coming- of the Persian, to whom their sacred prophecy pointed as the deliverer of llicir race? Then, in close connection doubtless with ibis, follows the king's presumpt uous act — ilte bringing in and using for his own pleasure, and for his idol-wor ship, the vessels of Jehovah's temple, upon which the hand of God Himself breaks in so abruptly, and yet in a man ner worthy the majesty of His omnipot ence. There was no noise, no storm, no thunder-crash : only "the fingers of a man's hand wrote over against the candlestick, upon the plaistcr of the wall of the king's palace, and the king saw the pari, of the hand that wrote." It was the sentence of his doom — "Mene, Meno, Tekel, I'pharsin." It is the sen tence upon a kingdom, upon a dynasty, and upi n an individual life. There is ONE FEATURE IN THE STORY, however, which is especially inslructivt to note. viz.. how intuitively the king discerns the hearing of dial admonition. I't was written in an unknown dialect. None — not even ihe wise and learned ones— can read lite writing ; and yet note the effect that those mystcrloui characters make upon Belshazzar. " Then the king's countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that l-hc joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote against one an other." Surely the secret lies in that second clause— "his thoughts troubled him." Conscience translates those un translated words, and assures the king whose hand it is that writes, and what it writes. "If our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all things." And wc must noliee, further. WHERE THIS MAN'S MORAD RE-« SPONSIB1DITY DAY. It is clearly set forth in Daniel's calm, judicial words. Belshazzar, Gentile monarch though lie was, had had excep tional opportunities of knowing the truth of God. For nearly seventy years the chosen people of Jehovah had dwelt in Babylon, and in the preceding reign God had revealed Himself in two most re- nutrahlo events. First, in the deliver ance of three yotmg men from the liery, furnace which called forth Nebuchadnez zar's decree concerning (he honor of the true God; and, secondly, in His persona! judgment on Nebuchadnezzar's pride. This incident Daniel solemnly recalls, and brings out of it the clearest state ment of the moral responsibility of the king. "And thou his son, O Belshazzar, has te.t humbled thine heart, though then knewost all this; but has lifted up thyself against the Dord of Heaven; and they have brought the vessels of His house before tine, and thou and thy lords have drunk wine in them : and thou hast praised the ppils of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see not. nor hear, nor know; and the i tod in Whose hand thy breath is, and Whose are all thy ways, hast thou nut glorified." BELSHAZZAR KNEW : THERE WAS HIS SIN : It was against his knowledge. He knew llie reality of Jehovah's being, and that He ruled in the kingdom of men, and yet lie defied that; Almighty power, and trusted in the strength and security of his city to save him from the besieging foe, and he knew that sharp lesson taught to his father, the peril of human pride. Knowledge must be the first element in the balance of judgment, where an intelligent being ren ders his account to a personal God. "Thou knowest all this"— that Is the indictment. Nor Is that knowledge necessarily or primarily the consequence of revelation. St. Paul, at heathen Lystra and at scholastic Athens, ap pealed to an intuitive knowledge of a personal God, witnessed to by the world of nature in the one case, and by the consciousness of the human mind in the other— a sense of personal responsibility for what he does and for what he is, to ONE HIGHER THAN HIMSELF. And what, then, shall we say, when, to this glimmering light of nature is added the meridian splendor of the Christian faith? — when the claims of the Creator are enhanced by those of the Redeemers -""hen the love of the Father, and- the sacrifice of the Son, and -The pleading of the Spirit, make 'heir claims upon the hearts and con- a'.'ieiiees of God's uni.egenerated sons uiddaughtci«; when the .claim - which ' unaifre'd mature owns passes into the fervent, consciousness of Christian obli- " gallon, which" wrung from the strong nature of Saul of Tarsus the obedience \- as of a little child. "'Ye are not your own; ye are bought with a price; there', fore glorify God in your body, and in you spirit, which are God's." Surely the Christian creed which we profess is in the balance of God over against ihe . iife which each one of us is living : "Out -of -thine own mouth; O Christian, shalt thou be judged." . INDEPENDENCE OF GOD. Secure in -this great-Babylon which I .have builded up by the might of my power, and for. the honor . of my maj esty; this fortune which -I have amas sed, -or. am amassing, which -is mine to do With as' I will; this social status which- I have attained; this luxurious home which I have gotten and enriched; this harmony and culture which 1 have acquired, this - intellectual develop ment which I - have reached, and , to , the bar- of which . I in- . sist 011 bringing all things, even the re velation .of, my God. I! - Mine! fiTi s ' |the horrible egotism of our modern life Which "siUelh in the place of all that h; called God, showing itself that it is Gocl!" Nor, my brethren, are we Christians wholly free from Belshazzar's second atid more presumptuous sin ; " Bring hither" -" THE VESSELS OF THE HOUSE OF GOD!" We have 'many of these in our keeping, and we are responsible for llieir use. a) There is the body, made after God's likeness, a "temple 01 the Holy Ghost" — is it mine to do with as I will? to in dulge its passions and gratify the appe tites and desires as my passing fancy ' may dictate? Yet, let me remember, it ' was made to be the instrument of holiness, the . outward means through which tile regenerate soul may speak and work for God and man. "Let every 011c of you know liow to possess his vessel in sanc- tiflcation and honor," says the apostle; and again, "The body is for the Lord." <b) Or that sacred vessel of the mind, made certainly to contain the pure streams of Divine knowledge, is it to be desecrated with evil thoughts, or fed with literature vicious in murals and un sound in faith? (.<\- ) Or, once more, that golden vessel of my heart, capable of loving tne highest and the best — cap able of loving God Hi»iself! — it, too, may be filled with "the husks that the swine did eat;" it, too, may he used for unworthy and ignoble c-nds— may spend its rich and rare capacities on the world, or the creature, or upon that least worthy of all objects, upon self. And for the use of all these sacred capacities I am responsible; in regard to them all, God shall bring me into judgment; con cerning them all. His hand writes on the wall of my life, "Thou are weighed in the balancer, and found wanting." Last of all, are you inclined to aslt the Ofl-repeatcd question, "THEN WHY DID GOD MAKE US FREE?" Why did He lay upon His frail crea tures a responsibility so crushing ?\Vhy 'did He endow us with that terrible pre rogative, whereby we are capable of .wrecking our truest iife now and in the great-foi'-ever ? Why did He not let mil l!vn i'Ti lif/i it-Ji Viniil ( L;.. 4a 41.XV. M llHVUt LJ1IO Jll.lfia IU UtJ 01- not to do, which brings me with such awTul weight upon me, before the tribunal of my God?" My brethren, let us pause for one moment for the ans wer, ere we separate to-day. Suppose then that we were indeed in dependent 01' the great good God— that we were not responsible to Him— have you ever thought what such independ ence would involve? Should we not have to infer something like this— That as to our whole being we were beneath the notice and the care of God; that what we did, or did not do, was too insigni- cant for Him to heed; that He had left us alone to battle with life as best we may, and that (as one has said) He "set no more store by us than we do -tn an uptorn weed cast on our shores by an angry sea— unless, indeed, men make use of its corruption and decay to ma nure their fields. Wonderful dignity, forsooth, of such would-be independence! Too mean for infinite Love to love me; too puny for God's majesty to heed whether it have, or have not, my sc-rviee or my love! No! Surely it is true that "the dig nity of our nature lies in that relation to God which involves the minutest re sponsibility," for "THE INCONCEIVABLE GREAT NESS OF MAN is to have been made by God for Him self." Ask no longer," says the great Lacordaire, "why man is free; why he is not born in a slate of perfection without peril of failure. He is free, because he should choose the object or his "love; he is free, because, in the union which terminates love, he should bring the stainless dowry of an entire personality; he is free, because God lias freely loved him, and has willed to re ceive from him the equitable recom pense ol" full reciprocity." Responsibility ! Yes, it is the heavy weight with which ail human life is charged -the .price of the freedom of our wih- But who would desire to escape.Tis burden, if by that very pres- STire it'flff'ovs US in upon the uncreated Lbve; if it leads us in the cud to the 'tlbitii, the Jibr- fi y, the satisfaction to which those .cleat > ,'c Gf ;-t. Augus tine pr.inf: "My Cod, Trou hast mode me for Th y e! f : ami iv.y iiuart ran find 110 rest until it find teal It; Thee!" ' 