THE VALIDATING BILL. " TO TIIE EDITOR. glr, The Attorney-General said last mgnt, when moving tile first reading of the new bill in the Council, that with the new clause— section 5 —inserted the hill was in the same state as the old bill was when it left 'the Council, and that tho clause had simlpy been Inserted to carry out On Tuesdav last you favored mo wtili space In direct attention to tho dangerous nature of this section, which I have since found had been over looked, owing to the insldlousness of Its con struction having disarmed suspicion. Tlio Attorney-General, In making tho assertion to which I refer, must be laboring under a huge delusion, and I challenge the correctness of his statement nbsoltuely. The now clause referred to does not oarry out the intention of the Council, but gives powers to tho commissioners which are capnblo of abuses far nnd away In excess even of the many injustices that were so properly struck out of bill No. 1. Section 4 of bill No. 2 is, in itself, a consoli dated Taxing and Assessment Act. It details tho manner In which notices of demand shall ho issued, and provides complete authority to levy, charge, and collect the land tax and "the Income tax for the years 1896, 1897, and 1898. But it also does more than that. It provides that those things may be done, notwithstanding anything contained in the principal Act, tho Land Tax Act of 1895 and tho Income Tax Act of 1893, and notwithstanding any omission to comply with or contravention of those Acts. Then follows section 5, which — omitting unne cessary words — provides "that the commissioners may at any time, whore any 'mistake.' 'error,' 'alteration,' or 'omission' has been made in any notice given under section 4, or in a notice of assessment of land tax or income 'tax given be fore the. commencement of this Act, or In the assessment of any income or the assessment of any parcel of land for the years 1896, 1897, and 1898, send to a taxpayer an altered, amended, corrected, or additional notice, and such last- mentioned notice, If It comply with the terms and provisions of the last preceding section, shall ho deemed to be a notice subject to and within the terms and provisions of the last pre ceding section." That is to say, tho said addi tional notice shall be a legal demand, notwith standing anything contained in the principal Act. Its is difficult to conceive of any more perfect authority and power being given to the commis sioners to do anything tbey„ please upon any grounds whatsoever that would admit of the ex tremely wide range which might be covered by the mere assumption that a "mistake," "error," or "omission" liad been made In the assessment of any land or income since the principal Act came into force. In fact, these two sections — 4 and 5 conjoined — completely override the principal Act, and wipe its provisions totally out of existence In any ease where its terms may be found to preju dice or prevent Iho collection of additional taxa tion when the ghost of an excuse can be set up for a new demand upon- taxpayers to "stand and deliver." In short, these two sections virtually bccomo (he whole Land and Income Tax Assessment Act, and tlio Taxing Acts, at any time that it may suit the sweet will of the commissioners to as sume. that a mistatke or omission has been mado in the assessment of any land or income, giving tliem authority to levy, charge, and enforce any demand they may choose to make, without af fording the taxpayer tho right to plead sueh provisions of the principal Acts that might enable him lo prove the demand was excessive or groundless. "Was this what the Council intended? Can Mr. Want produce half a dozen members who will answer in tho affirmative? 1 have already illustrated in my letter pub lished hy you on Tuesday how tho sections may be used for demanding what is now known as "arrears" of income tax, or may be applied in regard to exceptional instances of increaso of land values, real or supposed. Whether these are deliberately contemplated or not does not alter the fact that if section 5 is sanctioned, power will be given to impose this additional taxation if tho commissioners choose, but in any circumstances the section affords most improper opportunities in many ways for extra demand upon taxpayers upon all kinds of flimsy excuses, which, though withal honestly intended, may create serious friction and entail heavy cxpenso to defend. Tho Council intended to put tho Act on its legs again, but not to givo any extra powers. It cannot be said that section 4 docs not un questionably give completo authority to levy, charge, and collect all taxes properly payable In accordance with the provisions and intentions of tho principal Act. But section 5 gives additional power. If not, why Is it inserted in the bill? It is not required for any honest purposes of validating, because ail legitimate power, If any, that Is not expressed and provided by sections 1 to 4 the commissioners already have under the principal Act. If tho Legislative Council passes this section, the unfortunate taxpayers, who already aro so unmercifully harassed by tlio "extraordinary muddle," will bo exposed to now and serious injustices, and may And to their cost that tho Ad, utu> MCUU »uituuM.u rwubcauuu.— Yours, etc., WILIilAM HARDING. Sydney, November 25. 