A PERILOUS POSITION. ' Br MARY ALBERT, . Author of " The Lnclriest Man in the World," "TheBride of aDay," "BrookeFinchley's Daughter," "A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," " The Shelling of the Peas," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the; Author: All rights reserved.] ..... V ; Chapter XL—The Heiress ' and '" Jiai"' Hills." '• ... Three' days later, when MargaretThorpe'-, leigh was well enough to return home, James Hills, the under-gamekeeper on the Oak Park / estate, was arrested on suspicion and lodged in the county gaol, Lord Pitzreagh, in the ab sence of little Basil's grandfather, being the ■ • instigator. "'When'interrogated before a magis trate Hills gave himself the airs of a' prince, askihg.hbw anyone dared to accuse him of such a baseness. V'." . ' _ . ' "It. is all very well to talk big, fellow, but you will have to give an account of your pre vious life before you are discharged from, cus \- tody," said the magistrate. "Where .were you between'the hours of midnight and 2 o'clock in the morning on the 7th instant ?' ''I went for along walk in thei direction of "" Thorpeleigh Court, being restless and wishing to tire myself." '' B.ut.you had been at work, all day; yet you' were not sufficiently tired.' A somewhat lame story." : "The, story happens to be true," rejoined "the prisoner, folding his arms defiantly, while his dark eyes flashed fire. " You must learn' to behave yourself more respectfully • in court," said the magistrate severely.' . : _ ' "l am treating' the court with at least as much respect as it deals out to me. , It treats' •" me as'a guilty'manbefore any proof has been established against ihe."'^ ' ' ' " His language and'bearing are hot those of an. iffiterate man," whispered the presiding justice of the peace to his neighbor. Indeed, by this time everyone regarded the accused with wonder. " _ . >•The prisoner is remanded, to give oppor " tuhity for enquiries as to his previous career." "That is unnecessary. ? Proofs of my 'pre vious career'. (imitating : the .speaker) are forthcoming. My .present employer, Sir Bertram' Lawford," received good credentials ' with me as to character." . _ . "It will bej well for you if it is so. This will be enquired into. The prisoner is re manded," repeated the magistrate. So Hills was reffioyed, leaving the court with a step full, of pride, and a face full of hauteur; making .altogether, such .'an impression upon those present that he became the theme of conversation for the rest of tho day. '. "Aid who was his former employer ?"ssked \- Lord Pitzreagh of Jennings. His lordship had walked up to the gamekeeper's house expressly to ascertain this matter. "Well, my lord,'when Sir Bertram engaged i Hills,.the man produced a good testimonial from Mr. Byng, who was a good deal talked of, you'may remember, a while ago, in connection z with poor .Mr. Lufton. Unfortunately, he is a sort of connection of Sir Bertram's family." "What! The Mr.. Byng who committed : suicide?." cried the nobleman. Jennings grew very red and embarrassed as he. stammered out "that he believed the gentleman had got into debt and put an end to his own life. -. "And this fellow, Hills, lived with him!" exclaimed Lord Pitzreagh. ■ ,"Yes, my lord, for some years; did all sorts _ of things, it seems to me-rwas groom and keeper land anything that was wanted. Sir : Bertram was going away from home when he . said I might try him, and' the man has done very well on the whole." "im He may be as unscrupulous as his late 11 "master,'" remarked the old lord meditatively. " Still, I hardly' think the fellow can be sent for trial in the absence of any definite proof that he made the attempt against Lord Basil." ; "'Twill be for the gentlemen of the bench to decide, my lord," said Jennings cautiously. As might have been expected, however, the ■ evidence against Hills being practically nil he was set free_ only to find himself dismissed without notice from his situation, his em ployer having telegraphed these directions to Jennings. , "And now, I hope, we shall get quit of the fellow," said Lord Pitzreagh fervently; " for I fanoy he will be glad to leave the neighbor-: .hood, as he will hardly find work hereabouts.". Jennings, when he paid the late- under . keeper the wages owing to him, asked him "where mo meant to go now?" . "That's" my. own affair," replied Hills. "Good day, Jennings, I hope the dogs won't miss me too much." "They won't get no one more kind to them than you have been. Hills. I will say that ; and you've done.your work well." ' :r ."There, that's enough!" interruped Jen ning's late subordinate, shortly. " Gobd day'!•' And he strode off without looking hack. The head.keeper took it for grantedthat'the man had left his lodging, and was, therefore, a good deal surprised to meet him next day, "on the road to Tnorppleigh Court. ." Are you walking to the railway,^ enquired Jennings. - .' .b ;* "No ; I am not walking to the railway," re plied Hills coolly. " Oh, well, have you left Wrexley ?"...... / "ho, I have not left Wrexley," rejoined, the other. ."Now, let; me give vou.a. word of.I advice. ' Mind your own business",'"and" donf interfere where you are not concerned."'-And then the speaker walked on, leaving Jennings overwhelmed with amazement. ~.1; As the latter stood gazing after the' manj he gained a good view of ThoipleigPUouft;which showed to much advantage from this spot through an opening in a belt of trees growing on a fine slope. ■ ■ ■ The windows of the south, drawing-room looked this way, and at one of them the young . mistress of . the mansion was standing, her eyes blinded with tears, her . heart overweighted with misery. She had heard -nothing all day but comments on " the prisoner" (as the under keeper was now styled), and the. manner in which he had comported himself. ' "Lord Pitzreagh was in court, my dear Margaret, and he is persuaded that this fellow is quite other than what he seems," remarked ber friend, Mrs. Moriston, who was staving at the Court. "And the dreadful thing is that he has not left the neighborhood. Indeed, I I had him pointed out to me; he passed my carriage on the road as I was driving this afternoon." Margaret had received this information in silence, but she had never, had it out of her mind since, and now as.she gazed over her own park she thought,with unspeakable sadness of what might have been'had Godfrey-Byng been other than ho was. -- - .'- 7 "If he had really loved' me he would have renounced gambling and everything akin to it for my sake, " mused'she. '. "His debts I could have forgiven bud paidi and .we might both have been happy.' But as it is I aim •wretched and he is prohably wandering homeless in' my park out there. It seems as if my heart were broken!" . Poor Margaret. Not very long afterwards she was to understand that this was but the prelude to that which was to come, and that her heart, in the midst of anguish yet more poignant, was still to bear with life—life that was very painful to endure. • By,this time.little.Lord Basil had been sent away from Airton • Castle to an uncle of his who owned another castle in Northumberland; nor was it allowed to transpire where the child was going nor by what train he would traveL Indeed, after his departure, it was not known for some time that he had left Airton, such precautions being taken to secure secrecy. . The child went out in the grounds as if for his usual airing; tbence he was carried to one of the park entrances, a couple of police officers in plain clothes following, but so dis guised that they looked like country folk, and were whittling sticks as they chatted together. • At the park, gates a carriage was waiting, and, the officers saw the nurses and the little boy safely into the vehicle, one of them getting on to the box and accompanying the child and his attendants to town. Here tbey were con signed to the care of a couple of detectives, and, having passed the night at Lord Airton's town mansion, left London, still guarded, for Northumberland by a very early train. "Willingly would Lord Fifzreagh, who bad stayed on at the castle to watch over his little kinsman, have concealed altogether the fact of the child's removal; but the matter leaked out, aud it.was under-stood that Lord -\Basil; Long was not to return to Airton for-a vary con siderable time. . : . .. ,- ... AH this while Jim Hills, on whom- everyone looked askance, was'still in the neighborhood; though where he lodged or how he livfed no one knew; but it was now hoped that he would disappear, for there was not a creature in any of the villages round about who would have liked to met him at nightfall. Nor would Jennings have much desired'to encounter his late subor dinate. "He'd be a match for. me. any day," the keeper would mutter to himself. 1'He's strong as a lion." Mrs. Jennings,would keep her. door barred at - dusk, and the ohildren nad to come in be times. "The dogs wouldn't be no good to warn us agin him," she said,-meaning Hills, " for they'd just be wild with joy to see him agen. Ah, 'twas like his artfulness to make the poor beasts 'so fond of him.'- Something else'ull happen, you mark my words." - ! The good woman often quoted this prognostic in the face of what followed. An immensity of troublq was taken, to find out where the dia-' reputable keeper had'Iodgings, but all to no purpose,-,so that it was believed that he slept in the woods or in some barn, for the weather was dry and fine. Bveryone appeared to live in a state of ten sion by- day and of fear by night—fear of some: strange outrage or robbery. At length Jen nings, meeting the man whom everyone most dreaded, as night was falling, turned so white that Hills noted it in the dusk arid laughed aloud. . ..... ... , . . • "You look as if you had seen a ghost, Jen nings !"- said he with an air. of superiority which cruelly galled'the other man. " A few days haven't changed me so much that you need look as if you should sink into the earth at sight of me." ' . :;:"No, no!" replied Jennings nervously. " But I've a wife and children to consider, and I should lose my place if I was seen talking to you, d'ye see? No offence, I hope.'.' "Oh, none! Good-bye and good luck'to you, Mr. Jennings, and to little Lord Basil too. . He has gone away, I hear, for a change of air." ■ ; r - ; • To this Jennings ventured no reply, and iight glad was he to catch sight of the lights twinkling in his cottage window, and to find rthat. toothing, adverse had resulted from his meeting with the dreaded Hills. - ' The encounter had. taken place near some cross roads, one branching off towardsWrexley, the other towards Thorpeleigh Court. • "Fd give a good deal to know where he's a-going to sleep to-night," said the keeper to his 'wife when he had recounted his tale. "You mark my words," repeated she, .em phasising her dark prophecy more than ever by uplifting her forefinger. ' "Thorpeleigh Court will be robbed. That's what he's after. And they say that Miss Thorpeleigh won't take a bit of warning; but wanders alone about that great park without so much as a maid-with her. Poor young lady ! And she so ill and weak that a breath might blow her down, as one may say." . In truth Margaret Thorpeleigh was the one person in the neighborhood who did not fear Jim Hills, the ex-keeper. Did she, secretly, wish to encounter him ? At all events, she had decided that if she met him she would make him Bpeak to her. "He will never lift a finger against me 1" she moaned, sadly, to her self. "But all the same, I think that despe ration drove him to attempt to carry-off little Basil. He would not have hurt the child • but what might not have happened! Will my love for him and my despair kill me in the end ? For we are finally separated now. But I would help him to leave the country and - to begin a new career at the antipodes." This, then, was the secret of Margaret's fearlessness—a secret no one could ever guess.. Matters were in this state when all Wrex ley arid the adjoining country side was thrown into a ferment of exeitemerit which even ex ceeded that which had prevailed when the attempt had been made to carry off Basil Long,; and which plunged Margaret Thorpeleigh into an agony of grief which she had not yet ex perienced. - , " He. will go on. from one reeldes3 deed to another till at length he will be convicted and condemned to penal - servitude," she thought with hopeless despair. But we are somewhat anticipating.. Thefinal tour de force of which she believed Godfrey Byng to.be guilty did hot take place.till an.in cident had occurred of which she never lost the remembrance. - - A cloudy autumn day had been succeeded by a still gloomier evening, but Margaret did not forego her usual short solitary walk.. , To-night she took her way through the wood, on the skirts of which the head keeper at Oak Park had encountered the dreaded Jim Hills only a day or two ago. Deliberately this girl (she was but three-and twenty) sought to meet the reputed terror of the neighborhood. "Let me but meet him and I will end this," she said pitifully to herself, as she went through the darkening copse. " He will go if I insist on, it and if I give him the means,"and then, then, I must forget him, and he. must forget me." Even yet she did not realise that she loved him so well that for her there could benofor getfulness. She met no one but a village child, belated and hungry, as she passed under the darkening trees. Margaret stood stilly casting anxious glances hither and thither. "He will not, come," was her thought. "And yet why does he linger,, if it is not to find me alone at some unguarded moment? Why did he venture all into this place, where some might recognise him ?" Then she stood still, and a strange feeling of longing, mingled with terror, stole over her as she distinguished a man.seated on the gnarled roots of a tree. "Is it .he?' was the swift question which rushed to her .'brain. She went quickly towards, the figure, who neither moved nor looked up._; A basket lay at his feet, and there-was weariness and misfor tune in his air. Opposite to him the heiress stopped, but now her overpowering emotion silenced her, for she perceived that here indeed was the man she sought, Godfrey Byng. - \- Eor the. space of half a-minute they remained thus, she trying to articulate, and be with a volcano raging in his breast; then she mastered herself and said, panting out the word: "Godfrey!"-" ■ "What!" cried he, leaping. to his feet; "you are not afraid of me,-■ and you have recognised me,' too." • - : She put up her hand; he seized it passion ately. . ... ."Was it generous of you?" she gasped, "to torture me, to trouble your friend, Mr. Olford, with1 threats of suicide, only to cover your designs on little Basil Long? Know, then, that I despise such conduct; that I condemn myself for not denouncing you." ",By heaven; Margaret, I never thought when I sent you my farewell through'Reginald Olford, "that I should see another sunrise. But I was knocked down by a van, rendered senseless, and taken to a hospital, when I was oh my way to do the fatal-deed. Of course, 1 had removed everything which could lead to a recognition of my-identity V and in the hospital I was nursed back to life,- when thoughts of ■you recurred with force enough to alter my resolv.e. I was offered temporary employment at arshop—a stationer's—and there saw old Lawford's advertisement for an underkeeper. It was near you ; I should sometimes catch a glimpse of you as you drove or rode; I \</roto my own testimonials and meant to do rayjwork honestly. And so I did, earning every penny of my wages till I was accused of being a child stealer. Did you, too, believe I was guilty, of this?""..:- . \- "I did," she answered, trembling violently, " but when I hear your voice, when I listen to your strong denial, my heart is lightened of an overpowering load. Ob, Godfrey, if you are indeed blameless in this thing it seems to me that I can go on living and ask you to—to let the next two or three years give me such proofs of.: your , old life being thrown behind you, that-r-that we need not be parted, you and L"for ever." For answer he drew her towards him and kissed her cheek. " I will throw the old life utterly behind me for your sake," he said, fervently. "But all the same the opportunity for happiness with you is gone. .- What right , should I have to link your name to mine—to mine !—that of a suspected murderer, reputed suicide, a known gambler, and a man 'crible de dettes!' You yourself might refuse to believe in my love if I did so, and grow to think that every word of affeotion'I uttered was prompted by a love for your gold. And then, perchance, I should really do that which I was once mad enough to have contemplated—take my own life !" .. "Godfrey !" she rejoined, clinging to him, "You are breaking my heart over again. See!" (tremblingly producing a cheque) "I have made this out for a thousand pounds. With this you can travel for a couple of years, come back to me at the end of that time and your debts shall be paid, nor will we ever think of the past. What is gold between those who love one another? I have enough, even if it is decided that my sister Susan had heirs and that Thorpeleigh Court must be sold." "My own dear love!" breathed he, kissing her fondly. " Have I not shown, you, how ever, that that can never be? What! Shall I repay your affection by giving you a tarnished, name—a load of debt? At any rate I am not worthless enough for that, Margaret. And, j dearest, I must refuse your offered gift." He Idssed the fingers which still held the cheque, j "Awake at last to my own miserable follv I i shall expect the rest of my existence to" be • passed in work and in expiation of that folly. | I lingered here solely to exchange with you a : last farewell, feeling certain that you had recognised me, and now I shall work ray pas sage out in some Australian-bound ship. Thence I shall write io my old uncle, and whatever he leaves me I shallde vote to thesettle ment of my debts, working hard all the rest of ■ my days to earn a few sheep and gain some i thins; in the wool trade.. . Of .course it may all come to nothing, these plans of mine, but if effort and iron resolution can succeed then, will I. . Margaret, you are an angel of goodness, and forgiveness, but I cannot trade on your goodness." i-. • ■Then she flung herself on his breast, weep ing, vainly entreating him to relentl- f • 1 Without money how will you even'make a start ?' she said. > I "I shall have money to start with—just a j little," he answered. "I have thought that ; out. Farewell, dearest. I take with me the consolation of your words." " Godfrey, promise to write to me; promise to let mo know where a'letter will find you," she said. "You shall know; after I have landed in Australia. And now, indeed, farewell, fare well !" - ' ■ He held her for a moment in his arms, and she sobbed as'if her heart would break; them with a last care33, he plunged into the undergrowth surrounding them, for steps were audibly approaching. As for Margaret she went home by a side path, and remained in her own apartments all that evening on. the plea of over-fatigue, but there was more life in her eyes and iu her step than had been for many a day. She said to herself that she might now look forward. 