WONDEREUL WOMAN; OR, -THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. SBY MRS MAY AGNE9 FLEMING. author of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor ;.., mne," "Baronet's Brlde," Etc. CHAPTER XI.-(Continued.) "Sit down." he said, impatiently shift ling away from her glance, "and don't stare in that way, child. I don't sup pose it's anything to be alarmed about, only-I think I ought to tell. You're going to be married, and you ought to know. Then the burden and the secrecy ;?illl be off my conscience, and you can tell him or not, as you please. That will be your affair, and, if he deserts :you-" " He stopped again, again ,pressed his hand hard over his forcjiead, as though the thread of his ideas had broken. "There' is somtlhing queer the matter with my head," he half mut tered: "I don't seem able to• talk or think somehow to-night."' ."Then I wouldn't try, papa." Kathe line Interrupted, more and more .'falarmed; "you are looking dreadfully. Let me ring for Francois to see you, and send for the doctor. I am sure you ars not fit to be up." "No, no-don't send-at least. not yet. I have made up my mind to-night, and, if I don't tell you now, I may never summon courage again. You ought to know, child-you ought to know. You are not safe for an hour. It is like living over a lighted mine until that .woman is dead. You ought to tell him \--that fellow--Dan-tree, you know. If he deserts you, as I said, better to do it before the wedding-day than after. I know it is the money lie wants; I know be's a coward, and a humbug, and a fortune-hunter, and It may be the greatest mercy for you, child, if lie does leave you before the wedding- day." K -atherine started to her feet. "Papa," she cried, passionately, 'this is too bad-too cruel! I thoughlt you -were never going to speak against las ton again: you told me you would lnot. Surely he has done nothing to deser,'e it. This day week is my wedding-day, and you talk of his deserting me. apa,s. If such a thing happened--could happen I would kill myself-I tell you I wouldl! I would never survive such disgrace!" He sank into a chatr in a dared, help less sort of way, "What shall I do ?" he said. wearily: "what shall I do ? If I had only told her years and years ago! Now it is too late!" She stood and looked at Idhn, pale with wonder and vague alarm. "Told me what ? Is it the secret that Mrs Vavasor holds ? Whly not tell me, then? Whatever it is, I can bear it; I can bear anything except your hard words of Gaston-your talk of his deserting me. Tell me. my father: I'm not a child or a coward. I can bear it, ,whatever it is." "You think so, but you don't know; you don't know! You hiate that woman, ,and you are so proud, so proud. You 'cannot bear poverty, you told jne that; and I, what can I do ? I cannot save you from-" - • His incoherent words died away: his -head, fell back. " Katherine sprang to "lis side with a scream of terror. An other Instant, and she flew to the bell, -'ringing a peal that nearly tore it down. Oh! What was this ? His face hail grown purple, his whole 'form rigid; what he had feared so long had befallen at last. IIe was stricken with apoplexy. The room filled with frightened ser vants. After the first shock, all Kathe rine's senses came back. She -de spatched a man at once to Castleford for the family doctor. Sir John was con veyed to bed, undressed, and all the restoratives they knew how to use ap. plied. All in vain. With the dawning ,,ofthe ChristmasDay. the.stalwart olO s solmer tax erore' tneen:bremthang fier, torously, and quite senseless. Doctor Graves and his assistant, a young man, Mr Otis, arrived, and at once pronounced the fit apoplexy. They sent the pale girl in the festal dress, the shining pearls, and the wild, wide eyes, out of the room, and did their best for the master of'that grand old, house. But they labored in vain; the long hours wore away, and still Sir John lay rigid and senseless where they at first laid him. ' White as a spirit, almost as cold, al most as still, Katherine went up to'her room. She made no attempt to change tier dress, to remove her jewels. She had loved this most indulgent father very dearly-the lissibility that he could be taken from her had never occurred to her. Only yesterday morning he had ridden with her over the downs. only last night he had sat at the head of his table and entertained his guests. And now-he lay yonder, stark and lifeless dead already, for what she knew. She could not rest.' She left her room, and paced up and down the long cor ridor. He was not dead-she could hear his loud breathing whereshe walked. She could not cry; tears, that relieve other Women, other girls of her age, rarely came to Katherine. She felt cold.and wretched. Iown- drearily still the great house was! Would those two doctors never open that door and let her in to her father! What had he been trying to tell her?-what dreadful secret was this that involved her life, and which made his so miserable? He had talked of Gaston deserting her. The 'edding must be postponed now, and postponed Weddings were always ominous. How was it all going to end? She shivered in her low-neckedt? and shabort-sleeved dress, but it never occur red to her to go for a wrap. - She stood and looked out.of the oriel window once more.. Morning was breaking-C-hrlst mas morning-red and golden, and glorlous in the east.- The first pink rays of the sunrise glinted through the leaf less trees, over terrace and glade, lan'n and woodland. Outside the gates the Carol singers were blithely chanting al ready; new life--new joy everywhere without: and within, the lord of this Stately mansion, of this majestlc park, lay-dying, it might be. But it was not death. The door open Ed presently, and the pale, keen face of SIr Otis, the assistant, looked out. "Sir John has recovered conscious ness, Miss Dangerfield," he said, "and Is Sasking for you." "Thank Heaven!" Katherine's heart responded, but the dreary oppression did not 1t, She went into the sick \- room, knelt down beside the bed in her shining robes, and softly kissed the helpless hand. "You are better papa?" Et'"ut Doctor Graves Interrupted at once, T 'You hlnay rentain with Sir Jolin,-Miss Dangerield; but neither of you must speak a word. Danger is over for the Dredent, but I warn you the: slightest excitement now or at any: future time may prove fatal." - SThe eyes of the stricken mali were fix-. ed. upon her writh a strange, -earnest wistfulness. He tried feebly to speak .fs fingers closed almost convulsively over hers. She bent her ear to catch his words. "Send for Hammersly--TI must make my will." She kissed him soothingly. '"Yes;, ppa, darling: but not now. There's no hurry, you knonw-all present danger Is over. You are to be i!'ery still, I and go to sleep. I will stay by you and -, watch." "You will drink this, Sir Johln," Dr. ,raves said, authoritatively, and the sick man swallowed the oplate, and, lwIth his hand still claspead in Katho* 1 rine's, fell asleep. -DIr. Graves departed. MIr Otis remain Ed: Katherine kept hier vigil by the bed pide, very pale in the sunlight of the new 0 nay. Mr Otais wIatched her furtively irom his remote seat. Hers nwas a strik Ing face, he thought, a powerful face- t face full of character. \--"That girl will be no common rwoman," hI tlhouglht: "for good or Ifor evil she's i 225 - destined to wield a:powerful influence.; You don't see such a face as that many times in life." -. The wear~i-moments wore on.' 'The Christmas morning grew brighter and brighter. The house was still very quiet. Outside the wintry sunshine sparkled, and the.trees rattled in the frosty wind. The pale watcher lay back in her chair, paler with every passing moment, bdt never offering to stir. How white she was,.how weary she looked. The young doctor's heart went out to her in a great compassion. "Miss Dangerfleld, l.ardon me, but you are worn out. There is no danger now, and you may safely trust Sir John to my care.Pray let me prevail upon you to go and lie down." She opened her eyes, and looked at him in some surprise, and with a faint smile. "You are very kind," she said, gently. "but I promised to stay here till he t awoke."' There was nothing more to be said "Miss Dangerfleld's tone admitted of no dispute. Mr Otis went back-to his seat, and listened to the ticking of the clock, and the sighing of 'the December wind. It wasaalmostnoon when Sir John. awoke-- much, better and quite con-. scious. His daughter had never stirred. She bent over him the instant his eyes' opened. "Papa, dear; you are better?" "You are here still, Kathie?" he said feebly. "Have you never been to bed at all?" "No, Sir John," MIr Otls interrupted, coming forward; "and I must beg of you to use your influence to send her there. Her long vigil has quite worn her out, but she would not leave you." She stooped and kissed him. "I will go now, papa. ,Ir Otis and Mrs Harrison will stay with you. I do feel a little tired, I admit." Sir John's attack seemed but slight, after all. He kept his bed all next day. but on the third was able to sit up. "And I don't see any necessity for postponing our wedding, Katherine," M1r Gaston Dantree said, "since by New Year's Eve Sir John will be almost com pletely restored." "But he will not be able to drive to the church with me. Gaston," Katherine argued. - "Dr Graves will not permit him to leave the house for a fortnight, and, besides, the excitement." "Katherine," her lover interrupted, decidedly, "I will n'ot have our marriage postponed-the most unlucky thing con ceivable. If Sir John is not able to go to church at Castleford and give you away, why, let us obtain 'a special license, and have the ceremony here in the house. If the mountain can't come to Mahomet, why, Mahomet can go to the mountain. A wedding in the house would be a vast deal pleasanter to my mind than in pub lie at Castleford, with all the people of the parish agape at the bride and groom, and all Castleford barracks clanking their spurred heels anl steel scabbards tp the aisles, putting us out of countenance." Katherine laughed. "'My dear, bashful Gaston. the first time I ever dreamed that anything earthly could put you out of counten ance! Well,.I'll ask papa, and it shall be as he says," Miss Dangerfield did ask papa, and, rather to her surprise, received all al most eager assent. - "Yes, yes," he said, feverishly. "Dan tree's right--a postponed marriage Is the most unlucky thing on earth. We won't postpone it. Let a special license be obtained from the archbishop,. and let It be in the house, as Dantree sug gests, since my driving with you to church is an impossibility. Since it must be done, 'twere well it were done quick ly. Let the summer dranwing-room be fitted up, and let the ceremony be per formed there." Mr Peter Dangerfleld had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since his un cle's illness-no nephew more devoted, more anxious than he. The baronet lis tened to h!s eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cyni cal smile. I;..~ tf-esrgdlead: thereJyould .be no one between him and the' title--you under stand. 'I have no doubt Peter is anxi ous that--I should never recover." "Somethiing's happened to Pete, papa," answered Katherine thoughtfully. "He's got quite a new way of talking and car rying himself of late. He looks as if sime great good fortune had befallen him. Now, what do you suppose it can be?" "Great good fortune," Sir John re peated, with rather startled face. "I think you must be mistaken, 'Kather ine: I wonder," very slowly this, "If--if he-- has. been in communication with Mrs Vavasor since. her'departure." \- For Mrs Vavasor's presence in Castle ford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never ventured abroad by day, and had as: sumed an alias. She and MIr Danger field kept tryst in the evenings, In lone ly lanes and deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. But three days now to the wedding day, and those three flew apace. It had been, arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to be performed at Scarswood, it should also take place in the evening, to be followed, in the good old- fashioned way, by a sup per and a ball, and the bridal party start next day for the Continent. The hour was fixed' for seven, and half the county invited. Sir John's progress towards strengti. -was very slow. Some secret anxiety seemed preying.on his mind and keeping him back. He watched his Idolised darl ing flying up and down stairs, dashing. bright as the sunshine itself, in and out of the room, singing like a skylark in her perfect bliss, and ihe shrank fromn the sight as though It gave him positive S"How can I tell her." he thought; "how can I ever tell her!.- And yet I ought-I oughlt" Once or twice he feebly nmade the at temlit, but Katherine put him down im mediately in her decided way. - "Not a word now, papa--I won'thave it. I don't want to hear any nasty, an noying secrets two days before my wed dlng, 'and have, my peace of mind dis turbed in this way. If I've got to hear this disagreeable thing, let me walt un til the honeymoon is over--Gaston will help me bear It then. You tried to tell me on Christmas Eve. and brought on a fit of apoplexy; and now, contrary to all medical commands, you want to be gin over again ,and bring on another. But I'm mistress of the situation at pre sent. and I won't listen; so set your mind at rest, and don't-wear that gloomy countenance on the eve of your only daughter's' marriage."' Jen.wi~s too feebleto resist. He held her td him a inoiient, and looked into the happy young face ?ilth a weary'sigh. "I suppo-se few fathers look very joy ous on the eve-of an only daughter's marriage, '?aid I have greater reason' than you dream of to look gloomy. But let'it be as you say-let us posipone the evll hour as long as we ekn." The last day c ime-,the. day before New Year's. Eve.. The bride-elect had been busier even than usual all day, Dantiree dined ind spent the evening there alone. They were both very grave, very qulet; that long, peaceful evening, the last of her youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture, as she saw it then, haunted her to her dying hour - the big, lamp-lit drawli' oom-her father's quiet figure lying back in his easy chair before the fire-her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestl Ing in an easy-chair, listening to the music and ils whispered words-the "nsweet nothings" of courtship. She fol Iqwed him out into the grand portico en trance of thie house to say good-bye for the last time. The cold, white moon sailed up the azure, thie stars were nunm berless, tle trees cast long, black sha dows in the irory light. The night airt sighed faintly in the woodland; some thing in the still, solemn Ibeauty of time dying night filled the girTl's heart with a sense almost t-f pain. "The tun ssil biiine to- morrow," Gas ton'whispered;: and 'blessed is the bride that the sun shines on.' Good night, my darliing for the last ,time." 'He held her in his arms a moment-for the last time. The last time! And no foreboding of all that was so near at hand came to her as she .stood there. The promise of the night did not hold good. Mr Dantree's prediction as to the sunshine was not destined to be fulfilled. The last day of the year dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast. A long lamentable blast soughed up from the sea, the low lying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. "We're golng to havea storm," Sir John remarked; "our guests must reach us through a tempest this afternoon." The storm broke at noon-rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She, usually the least nerv ous and superstitious of all human be ings, felt little cold'chills creeping over her, as she hearkened to its wintry howls. "It sounds like the cry of a banshee," site said, with a shudder; to Edith Tal bot. "Such a wild, black, sleety,cwret ched winter day! And last night there was not a cloud in the sky! Edith, do you believe in omens?" "I believe this is a disagreeable day, as it is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose Mr Dantree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain, or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so restless and fidgety, Kathle or you'll make me as nervous as yourself." 'The short, dark, winter afternoon drag ged on. With the coming of the night the storm seemed to increase. The roar of the winds deepened, the dull thunder of the.surf on the shore reached them, the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and tile ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. "An awful day for a wedding," even the servants whispered. "No wonder poor Miss Katherine looks like a ghost," She was pale beyond all the ordinary pallor of bridehood-strangely restless, strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted up; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been midsummer: warmth and luxury everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dying year. Under the Ihands of her maid. Katherine sat pas sive to all changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, every dash of frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning words of her old nurse: "False as fair! False as fair." Six o'clock. The rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Half- past six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests; the roll of carriages could be heard through the tumult of the storm. "I wonder if Gaston has-arrived?" Katherine said. It was the first time she had spoken for half an houir. Her attendant brides maids. five besides Miss Talbot, were all there." Tile dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls, floating tulle and laces. and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were alone with the bride. The last touch had been given to the toilet. The robe df dead white silk swept in its richness far be hind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever. the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. The last Jewel was placed, the last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged. She stood before the mirror, fair, pale, pensive-a bride ready for the altar. Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, tel ling the nuarters and the hour, startled them. SHow the moments flew-how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages wasalmost incessant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: "I wonder if. Gaston-has come?"' "What a question!" cries Miss Talbot. "A bridegroom late, and that bride groom Mr Dantree, of all men. Of course, hie has come, and is waiting in a fever of impatience down stairs! Ninon, run and see." The French girl went. ahd came flying back breathlessly. "Mademoiselle, how strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. M1onseigneur the abbe is ready and waiting-all the guests are assembled, but, mon Dieu, the bridegroom is late." Miss Talbot looked at- her' friend. Neither spoke nor' moved. The flock of bridesmaids, "a rose-bud garden of girls," came floating in with their misty drapery, their soft voices, and subdued laughter. It was seven o'clock, and the wedding hour. There was a tap at the door. Ninon opened it. and old Sir John, white as ashes, and trembling on his stick, en tered and approached his daughter. "Katherine. Dantree has not come." "I know it. father. Something has happened." Her voice was quite steady, but a grey, ashen terror blanched her face. "Had you not better send to More cambe?" Edith Talbot interposed. "He was suite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived?" "Your brother is here, Miss Talbot." "And what does he say?"' "Nothing to the point. Before dark Dantree'left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother whsen starting for here sent hIim word, and found hIis room deserted. Taking it for granted he wished to be alone, and had left for Searswood before him, your brother came over at once. He was astonished .when he arrived at not "finding hlin here." " And then dead silence fell. What did it mean? Below thie guests had gathered in groups, whispering ominously; ln the "bridal chamber" bride and bridesmaids looked at each other's nale faces and never spoke. One by one the moments told off. A quarter-past seven, and still no bridegroom! Then all at once wheels dashed up to the door-in the entrance hall there was the sudden bustle of an arrival. Kather Ine's heart gave one great bound; and Edith Talbot. unable to endure the sus pense, unable to look at her friend's tortured face, turned and ran out of the room; - "Wait." she said. "I will be back in a moment." She flewr down the stairs. Some one had arrived-a gentleman--but not Gas ton Dantree. Th inewcomer; pale, breathless, eager, was only Peter Dai gerfield. But he might brlng'news -he looked as though he did. She was by his side in a moment, and her hand on his arm. '"What Is it?" she said. IHas a.tything havoeied to MIr Dantree?" "Yes, Dangerfleld," exclaimed Captali Devere, coming forrivard. "As second best inan I have a rlght to lknow. Shor ten the agony, if possible, and out with It. What's up? 'The hour is past, and the bride is waiting. Where is the bridegroom?" 