COMPLETE STORY. [published by special ABBAKOEUEXT. j A LATTER-DAY PIRATE, Charles V. Hickie, Author of "A. Sea Tragedy/' <fcc., &c.; IcorraioHT.J (*\The ft x--,/ 1 owne 4 R thras ^5 I breezy September evening ^ ■— against the young flood. TTF. fine schooner yacht Genesta, owner Sir Conyers Fenton, is thrashing down tho Irish Sea this In the daintily-famished 6aloon, with its heavy pile carpet and lavender satin hangings. Sir Conycrs, a white-haired old gentleman of the returned Indian type, sips- the tea which his daughter Sylvia has just poured out for him. From time to time tho old man steals a puzzled, almost reproachful glance at the girl, who, having rewarded the advances of little Prince Charlie with a smart slap cn his pug nose, sits silent nnd obviously distrait. 44 Why, bless my heart, what can be the matter with my little girl r" Sir Conyers says coaxingly. 44 Hasn't she arranged every item in the programme herself? Wasn't it to please her that Genesta was fitted ont for a cruise in the Mediterranean, instead of-*-—'" 41 Oh, indeed it was. father." The girl's firms arajancd his neck in a moment, in the eoft caressing way that is so dear to him. ft And I know it's awfully horrid of me to be cross, but Fm not cross with my darling old father, at any rate." The conversation is interrupted by the Bound of steps descending the companion, heralding the entry of an elaborately-dressed man of perhaps five- and-thirty. The newcomer's face is a striking, if not nn attractive one. There is the delicate olive complexion, the olive contour, and the high arched eyebrows which bespeak an Oriental origin, and there is, moreover, the regularity of feature which one associates with that type; but the expression is marred by the peculiar uncanny something which strikes one at first eight* but would be impossible to describe in words. As he takes his seat with quiet precision of demeanour, Sylvia ofieri* hint tea in the most conventional of tones. The olive face lightens with a lustrous smile as he says, bending forward with unnecessary empressement, "Tbankyou, if you will be so good.** The most casual observer could not have missed the fact that the girl's indifference amounted almost to repulsion. It would have required a much more acute insight to hare translated the vague danger signals in the roan's face into Nature's own warning—into the Mark of the Beast; to have read the meaning of the deferential smile in exter.$o— •'Ilove you passionately, madly! I know you detest me,- but I shall win you and wear you yet, roy little beauty, nevertheless." Ay, ot a verity had Srivia Eenton known something of the character and antecedents of the polished Asiatic who site beside her, toying with the china cup with jewelled fingers, and leering at her from under his dark curled lashes, she would almost have chosen the Wandering Jew himself as a preferable compagnon dr voyage. Already the petulant little beauty tastes the bitterness of regret and remorse. Tor it must be told that the projected cruise has had its origan in nothing more exalted tbsn a bit of wilfulness on her part. Tver since last yachting season she and young Harold Maxwell, whom she loves with all the abandonment of a first and only attachment, and who, on his part, worships the very ground she treads on, had been look ing forward to the present season as a dream of Elysium. The young people had first met each other only the last summer in connection with a race between Sir Conyers' yacht end Maxwell's, the latter, by the way, a dashing cutter of some CO tons, Miranda, and their acquaintanceship had rapidly ripened into love. Every circumstance making the match a ecitable one, their engagement had socn become a fait cucmplt, and the lovers looked forward to their marriage as to the passingof ibe gates of Eden. Then came one of those wretched little lovers' quarrels. At a recent lawn tennis tournament, out of very wantonness, as it seemed, Sylvia had shown a degree of cold ness to her lover, and favour to another, which at last surprised young .Maxwell into jt diprht display of resentment. Thereupon tiio wilful little beauty had determined to punish hizo. and the means was temptingly at hand—in a throwing up of the projected coasting cruise in company with MirftTiiln,' and going instead or. a voyage in lonely state to the Mediterranean. The proposal had almost taken her father's breath away when he first heard it. "God Llc.vs me, Syi, surely you're only laughing at mo!" was all he could ejaculate. "Oh, no, I'm r.ot, father, indeed. It would be so poky going into all the little places on the roast here, and I do so long to see Algiers, and Venice, and Naples, and all those lovely places. And Dr. Pierce snys nothing would be better for you, father dear, vAU And now to explain the presence aboard of their not very welcome truest. Mr. Benjamin Wulfr hadflumcd comet-like through the firmament of May fair for two London seasons. All that his most intimate friends knew of h?m was that his wealth was apparently unlimited; that he would receive them in a handsome suite of rooms in Piccadilly, offer them the best cigar in London, and entertain them while smoking it with spiry bistoriettes, whose Eastern odour was not more unmis takable than that of the blue wreaths which he sent curling to the ceiling from'his gem crusted nurgite. When he had come down to Cornwall and rented Lord Fowey's place near Falmouth, his metropolitan friends had supplied bini with introductions, and Sir Couyers, his neighbour^ had welcomed the glittering stranger with old-fashioned courtesy. , Mekaio, who bad an appreciative eye for j beauty, availed himself of tho growing j intimacy to ride over to EUesmere Hull us often as might be, for a gatno of tenuis or a cup of tea from tho fair hands of the daughter of the house. To see the beautiful girl was to admiro her. Within a week of his arrival he hod roudo his attentions so pronounced that Sylvia, for whom he had no attractions whatever, had made the fact decisively clear to him. He had thereupon apparently taken "no " for an answer—accepted her decision with a ! quiet deference, which made her feel quite at her ease, and not a little grateful to him. Matters were in thin position at the time when the trip to the Mediterranean had been first mooted. "By Jove, Sir Couycrs,*' Mekaio had ex claimed on hearing of it, "nothing could happen more apropos. Your yacht i* lying in the Clyde, I think you said? Well, 1 shall have to be in Glasgow next week on some business, and if you wish 1*11 see after having her put in commission—stores and crew, you know, and that kind of thing. Trouble ? Not a bit of it—only too glad to be of service.** Sir Conyers was happy enough to be spared the worry of preparation, wluch would & even injurious to a man suffering from a vague affection of the heart as be was ; and in the end, when all was ready for the start, it was at1 inevitable courtesy to hope their obliging friend would accompany them for a little part of the cruise. Mr. Mekaio would be delighted with the idea, but feared he would be in the way. Well, Sir Conyera was very good, and he would accompany theiu as far us Guernsey, nothing he would enjoy more. But to return to the saloon of the Gcncsia. " Well, how are you getting on, Mekaio?** Sir Conrers asks. " Oh, famously Tliorsen says he can make out the Dublin mountains. But the wind's a 'dead muzzier,' us he calls it, and it's slow work reaching, tou know." 44He seems a smart seaman, I think?" Sir Conrcra observe.'. "'Oh, yes, remarkably so. Ko end of testimonials, yon know, and all that. Been two years iu the big American crack, Kounxuthal." "Beallyr" Sir Couyera says, with mild surprise. "I wonder what induced him to come to our side: Yankee owners pay much better wages, I understand, than what we do?" ATekalo's- embarrassment, us ho makes an evasive reply, is so slight as to be quite lost on the baronet. As tbe evening wore on. the hitter com plained of feeling rather tired; evidently the excitement of the commencement of the voyage was telling on liitn. *' Ob, it's nothing much, Syl," he said reassuringly; 41 but I'll take a rest in my berth, and bo all right after a bit." An hour later, Sylvia, stealing into the shaded sleeping-cabin, bent lovingly c pallid face of the sleeper, whose while hair trembled in the air that streamed in through the open port. This jit of languidness nothing new; it was & symptom of the mischief for which the yachting cruise was the best of treatment, as removing the patient from the political whirl which was poison to one in his case. Knowing this, Sylvia finds it difficult to account for the vague tub-giving which had tai^n possession of her almost since the hour they had left the Clyde. And on this, the fourth evening from tbe start, the disquieting feeling is so importunate that, reason with herself as she will, she cannot get rid of it. It is as if the vague shuddering dread of some unknown peril bad taken hold of her very soul. After retiring to her cabin, Sylvia sat long reading a number of letters with evea that glistened in the refulgence of the frosted lump. In ~ dove-coloured bird balanced itself gracefully on its perch to the swaj of the yacht. In response to the girl's endearments the bird cooed prettily. 44 Poor -little Ariel 1" she said, as she stroked its glossy breast; "you've u naughty wicked mistress—ves, you have, Ariel—a horrid ill-tempered little mistress; and yet you are as foud of her us your master is who gave you me. Poor Harold." she added to herself remorsefully, "how cruelly I treated him, after all!" The reading of the letters penned by the hand she loved—letters breathing such sweet and faithful lore—had melted her, and her last thought as she cried herself to sleep was that the Mediterranean cruise must be a par ticularly short oue. Only a moment later—so it seems to the terrified ffirl—she starts up with an in describable horror ot spirit upon her. "What is it? Something has huppeued. surely ? She listens breathless in the dark Nothing but the gush of water racing astern under the port, and the soft seething moan from the cutwater. Then a low groan of timber, as the nurht wind comes with a fresh rush on the yacht, and stay ! hark! From eome distance off, borne to her with | the unfamiliar intonation of some unusual medium, corac the voices of men iu close converse. It is tko funnel of a ventilator which ; foensses the sounds, and transmits them in u : weird vibration along the beam* till they j reach the ears of the affrighted listener. ! •'Stew my gizzard, but llu3ter llekalo's a smart agent 1 He was a proper devil always —yon mind the old Sacramento daj*s, mate? Ob, Lor* I But swim off with a girl in her own yacht—well, there's a deal as busts the record, I'll allow." Half believing that it is all a hideous nightmare, from which sho will wake directly, Sylvia listens with a hushed heart. " Wal, his game with the girl's nattral. enough," said another voice. " I aiu't a one to spoil sport, Jim, not I, indeed. But say, chummy, wot's 'ia game with the old 'un ?" "Looioe here, Kneud," came the ready answer, "that's the boss's affair, not ourn. We're foremasters, ain't we ? and draws six quid a month, wot's a tidy screw enough, as times go. Let the after- guard look after then-selves, says I. Ef the old gent's wittels don't-agree with him or so, who's to blame for it but his own in'ards, I'd like to know?" Then came tho sound of steps 011 the deck, and the voices ceased. Paralysed with terror, doubting almost the evidence of her senses, tho girl lay there motionless as one in a trance, conscious only of the beating of her heart. Then, half unconsciously, her mind l*»gan to canvass the horrible suggestion in all its bearing?, und at once a number of circum stances of suspicion occurred to her shudder ing fancy with the grimmest, significance. Obviously her first impulse h:«d been to rush into her father, and get him to order the instant return of the yacht. But the very strength of her terrible suspicion made her pause, and told her that su«h a course would merely precipitate the worst. For, would it be likely that Mckalo would accept the order, und yield the game he hau in his hand? No. The solo result of such a step would be a shock to her father which would very probably be fatal. it was only lor her, therefore, 1o lie there in an agony of foreboding, hour after hour, listening to the bells which rang the passing of tlxe night watches; and then, as the first green shadow-waves came rippling across the ceiling with the dawn, worn-out with that terrible vigil, to ralso hex* hands to Heaven and pray for protection with a fervour she had never known before. Was it only her alarmed fancy that dis covered a change in Mckalo's manner that very morning as he sat smiling at the break fast-table—a new assurance replacing self-eifacing deference he had always shown heretofore ? Be that as it may, there was abundant evidence, before the day was out, both that the girl's agitation had not escaped his keen eye, and that tills very circumstanco gav< strong impetus to the change which was 1 hourly coming on him as the yacht stole onwards towards open water?. And, in brief, within a few hours her wo: forebodings were justified. "Sylvia, my little darling"—yes, by neat evening it has coiuc to that! The man stands by her in.the forepart of the yacht, pointing to a deck-chair—poiating sternly now, for she has started away as if the words have stung her. The swarthy face is flushed, and the voice is thick and intense. " Sit down, Sylvia—liero before roe—I want to talk to you." She yields perforce, for his iron grip h her shoulder, and Iris eyes glare upon hex like those of a beautiful wild beast. " Yes, you have guessed it; you ere iu roy power. Thorscn is an old friend of mine; three of the men are bound to me by bonds. "Well, never mirfd that, but they answer for the rest. Sir Conyer* is bad enough, the least disturbance wUl kill him; his life is your hands. Listen, Sylvia! I have loved you since the day I saw you first—loved you wildly, passionately, madly. I huve sworn to win you, and mice you shall be." She has sat rigid and white as a marble sculpture, fascinated by him as a bird is by a snake. Bat, as he concludes, the hot blood flames through her veins, and she spring her feet quivering and defiunt. It is a brief struggle, the scented white hand is on her lips, choking back the balf uttcrcd cry, and she lies there on the deck at his mercy. A hairy, ill-looking face projecting from the fore-scuttle regards the.brutal episode with a grin. "The boss ain't makin' no leeway, mates, in this ycre job, ^ou bet," he muttered down the hatch: "am t loft the channel yet." •'See yere, Bill," comes in a yawning: voice from a bunk, "you keep your blamed gab shut, will you? likewise your eyes, mute, if you're wise- We works the ship and draws our screw, an* that's enough for hus, in my opinion." The wretched girl, almost beside herself, and sobbing liarrowingly, is only released on promising to consider the proposal, and give her answer next day. " You may speak: to your father if you wish, Sylvia," the ruffian says, with a shrug of his shoulders. "Ili* death won't upset my plans in the least. Ah, hero's Thor.-en comimr this way. Well, captain, making good iuuniug, I thiuk—are we not? " " Ay, sir, reeling off ten kuots good. We should be off Land's End by the morning at this rate/' "And then goodbye to old England and hey for the open seas ! " STekalo added, as he shoved back the companion hatch to allow her to descend. Not until she had composed herself as far as possible in her own cabin did the girl enter the shaded berth where her father lay. ".No change h^l taken place in the invalid, he lay back feebly, but seemed to enjoy the salt air which camo freshly through the port. There was nothing to be alarmed at—this fit of cardiac faiutnuss was running a normal course, as other attacks of the kind had done. But, as tho looked at him, Sylvia could not doubt that the barest inkling of her terrible secret would kill her father on the spot. The horrible suggestion that Hekulo had taken a direct means to bring about the prostrate state of the invalid had never occurred to her—fiend that he was &hc; would still not huve thought him capable of that, and she had not caught the significance of the vague words she had overheard. Feeling then that there was no resource to j her but prayer, she threw herself on her knees in her berth and prayed as she had never prayed liefore to Him who only is mighty to save. Then h'r lips ceased moving, and she mu«ed with closed eyes. Harold's face seemed to look upon her, Jus eyes seemcd-tb meet hers, and there wus such tenderness and pity m them that the thought of liis love quite overcame her, and the tears streamed between her fingers.. Oh, God! what a terrible retribution her wantonness had brought on her I Through the port her eye ran despairingly over the tossing tracts—blue as sapphire here with the random sunshine—darkening there with the serowl of the rushing wind. Her fancy flew over all the leagues and leagues of crnel distance to where, in that far-away Cornish iulet, her lover's yacht lay within a stnno's-throw of Bude House, where he lived. Like a bountiful vision, strange and sad as a picture of old-tiine happiness seen nmtd the horror of a night mare, the old house rose before her. The red-bricked facade, the blossoming magnolias, the shady chestnut drive, the pigeons—poor Ariel's erstwhile mates—circling and cooing in the sun. bo vmdiy does the picture rise before ber, that the mellow crooning above her head seems only a part of her vision. There is the soft flutter of winirs, and Ariel is cooing and flirting ou her shoulder. With a fresh burst of tears, pho strokes the lustrous plumage, and losses the bird for its master. "White wings!' Oh, beautiful white wings! this horrible prison would be no prison to you—oh ! " Her face flushes with a sudden thought, but it is madness to think of Mich a thing—onlv a wild dream —still she has heard of such things—the bird is a "homer " she knows, and if it is but one chance in a million it is to be welcomed now. The shadowy possibility which thrills licr, tran.-iSguros the beautiful bird on the instant into * rescuing angel in her eyes. Whatever she does must be done quickly, the evening draws ou apace towards a stormy niglit. . j Mekalo has begun to pntrol the deck over head, she expects his summons at auy1 moment. With hands that tremble violently she prepares a tiny scroll of paper, and writes : ' On, Harold ! if by a miracle of mercy this should reach yoa, 6ave us! Gcuosfci is in the hands of Mr. Mckalo mid bis crew of con federates. I don't know where they're taking us, only the captain mentioned we should be ofF Land's End to-morrow inom Oh, darling! I cannot tell you the horrible dangers that threaten your poor Sylvia ! " With u fervent nrnyer on her lips she wraps the strip round the bird's leg, tics it with a bit of silk, and, kissing the bird, slips him through the porthole. Mekulo, strolling on deck, takes his cigar from his mouth to gaze with languid interest at the handsome bird which he takes to be u seamew, as it goes fluttering about aimlessly awhile, dazed by the sea and wind, then suddenly begins to soar, in circling flight, higher, and higher, and higher, until it is but a pulsing speck in tbo zenith. Then with that mysterious instinct which rivals the magnetic current, it takes its course true as a compass bearing, and speeds like down the driving Vind. Hud Sylvia known that it was some 120 miles in a bee-line from the yacht's position to Bude House, she would certainly have despaired altogether of the bird's reaching its home. But Ariel, by the happiest chnnce, hud had a short training in company with other birds before it luid been given to her on account of its beauty. Accordingly, some five hours from the moment it hud fluttered through the yacht's port, the carriei's strong pcunous were droopiog towards its old home. TTnperceived, it flew in through the open window of the aviary, where it hopped about among the other birds an unconcernedly as if the trip baa been iu a circle round the chimney tops. By-and-by Maxwell, strolling up, pipe in mouth, to feed his pets, observed with surprise Ihe new arrival with the wrap of paper on its leg. ' With on exclamation of surprise he unfolded, the paper card ally, read it, and stared aghast Within twenty minutes the powerful cutter Miranda was crossing the Eude Inlet bar. There had not been time for reflection—even at the moment he read the pitiful "cry for help, three-parts of the bar was a mass of broken water with a falling-ebb. "Touched, sir, by heaven !" cried the skipper, as a dull shock went through tho yacht's frame, and a whooping mass of foam and "loose stuff" rose ghost- like on. either wide of her. Once more she touched the Raud, flooding her decks with the overfall, and making her destruction seem imminent. It was a close shave, but sbe won through the skin of her teeth, and a minute later was cleaving her way seaward under the urging of the strong night wind. Now that he had breathing space, Maxwell took counsel with his skipper. The latter had beeu for procuriug steam at any sacrifice of time. But there was no steam craft nearer than Falmouth, and, besides, all telograph offices were closed. This and his fierce yearning for action had decided the matter, Muxwoli being actually beside himself at the" thought of Genesta speeding the Atlantic with the girl helpless in the hands of this fiend. Old Gordon, a phlegmatic Scotchman, and an experienced sailor, soon "git the hang of the thing," as he expressed it. . " Wind southerly, veering west, sir," ho eaid, as lie watched the wild swing of Orion over the ciosstrces " their gumo will bo to give the French and Spanish coasts a berth, I reckon, and look for blue water." "Yes, yes,"criedMrxwell,feverishly, "wo muat sight him off Laud's End before ho clears the channel, or all is lost!" "Well, sir. we're heading just nor'ard of the Sallies; he'll be for picking up the Seven Stones Light, sure as guns, and there's where we'll belike to fetch lain." Miranda wus now making heavy sailing of it, us the wind had freshened considerably, with *a falling glass. Old Gordon shook bij head as he glanced up at tbo great spread of 1' Second jib and working topsail's cloth enough aud to spare," he muttered ; "but, by the Lord, if tho guv'nor said racing ennvuw to-night, who'd blamo him? So what alio can't carry, she's got to drag—that's all!" Accordingly, groaning in every timber, and burying her lco bulwurks from time to time with tho excess of canvas, the yacht tore onward, amid a hurricane of foam aud spray, under cho starless sky. Full of resources, Gordon, knowing too well that Genesta could beat Miranda-m a fair nice, borrowed a leaf from the book of our naval manccuvrera. 1 He had a nnrrow strip of canvns tacked round tho bulwarks, to counterfeit white paint in the distance, prepared a false club flag, and adopted such other disguising details as suggested themselves. "Tukc us every trick in. our bag, sir, to grefc alongside ofGeucsta, even If we do sight her," he observed. Meantime since we left her, Gcnesto. hag been tacking down that great sea highway whose entrance she now rapidly approaches. The poor girl has had another interview with Mekalo. He has forced her to pace the deck in the du«k with him, to submit to his hated familiarities, to listen to his-passionate , words. - All night long she tossed wearily in her berth, whose pretty lace hangings, and ceiling painted with clusters of blue-eyed myosotis, emblem of loyal love, seemed a mockery of her wretchedness. tVith the earliest light she liad opened the port and scanned ihc horizon with ucluug eves. Kcscue must come now or never! " The course of the yacht at the moment limited her view to the west and north, a sullen tract of &a; ill ess water whose aspect chilled her to the soul. Presently the err of " Ready about—helm's a lee!" followed by arattlo of ropes and a slatting of canvas, told they were going about on tho ether tack. : As the yacht spnn round, new fields of view swept under the girl's straining eyes.: Suddenly, as she gazed, her heart gave a i great leap, and then seamed to stand still. There before her to tho e:ist\vard, where the yun was rising in a rosy splendour that merged to southward in a band of blue, stood forth the white outline of a sail. The delicate pencilling of the spars and the graceful symmetry of the hull told, even at that distance, that the vessel was a yacht. ±,ven aa Sylvia gazou, tne wbitc fringe oi foam faded from tho vessel's bows, and the vivid burning of her cop; er flashed out luridly aa she novo up to - windward—sho was evidently going about. A minute mure, and rbo was standing directly across Genesta' hawse. Other oyes were quick to note Ibe fact, and presently one of tho fellows put Ilia head to the skylight of Mekolo's cabin. A moment litter Mcknlo and the captain scanning the stranger through their " That there yacht's hendin' up for us all •he's worth, sir," he said. "1 guv a couple . o1 pints off to try her, like, aud blowed if she ain't follcred suit!" Bed, white, and blue club flag, eh ?—why, that's the Royal Cork, ain't it?" said the latter. Wekalo nervously turned over the pages of the list in his hand. "Te*, quite right," he raid directly, "that's the Cork flag, sure, enough. Gad. 1 got on ugly start at first, •ho looked so devilish like Maxwell's boat." " Wish to goodness she were," griuncd the skipper, plugging his briar with a leathery fofennger, " Genesta uauliek Miranda any wind or weather, and a bit of a race would hearten us. Not that we'd let them twig anything, of course—not eo soft aa that, brother.'* "Wouldn't it be aa well to go about, though; we're running together deuced fast on this tack ?" suggested ilekalo, dubiously. "No need, sir—therefore bad politics! Timo enough to play pirate when there's need. Run on till you could throw a biscuit aboard when passing her, I'd say. We leave her any moment wc like, auywny; nothin' flying that flag can look at Ge Mekalo, thoroughly understanding his •kipper's wish to avoid anything in the least degree suspicious, acquiesced, and, slipping down for his covert coat, turned the key in Sylvia's door as ho passed, hissing an injunc tion through tho keyhole. The two yachts approached each other swiftly, aud from their courses.it became evi dent they would pas* within about 100 yards of each other. Tho wind, which had been freshening since dawn, was now 'blowing quite half u gale, and cascades of emerald crystals buret from under the vessels bows ris they went roaring on over the lumpy sea. Urn er .such' condi tions the recontro would be merely for a few •econds as they fled by each other. Mckalo stood by tho binnacle with his •kipper, conning * tho stranger with beut brpwa. The distance was still too great for him to have noticed the stealing forward of the lithe figure which now lay crouched by tbo lieel of the bowsprit, rifio in hand, and with eyes that glared like a tiger's when he sights his prey./ Nor was lie aware, as tho yachts closed in, that the waving of "white hands from the Sort below him were driving to frenzy the cart of the ambushed watcher. "By thunder, a trap!" suddculy roared Tliorsen, bangiug-to his telescope. "That's Miranda, sir, sure as guns! Now boys, hchu's a-Iee! Round with her. Lively, bullies, lively!" Routul swung the yacht, while still a good cable off, and filled away on tho new hick. "How in tho devil's name havo they gnctsed——'" "Nay, never bother about tho 4 how' now sir," laughed Thorsen; " they've shot their bolt anyhow—it's comin'—a whole gale from the eouth'ard and east'ard, and we'll soon seo the last of them." Heading dead for tho open Atlantic* now, Genesta fled on " wing-and-wiug" before it, tho cutter following full in her wake. It blew harder and harder, until within an hour or so it had como a sharp gale, before which the yachts thundered on, tearing out wholo highways of seething foam, nnd labour ing heavily under their spread of canvas. "A storm—a whole blamed storm!" prowled Thorsen. "Curse tho idiots that force us to show loo3e canvas to weather like this I" And so the wild chase went on, till dust came to add its terrors to the yelling gale. "Tell you what, gov'nor," Thorsen chuuted, as Ueuctta crathed into a white. topped mountain,we'll have to heave to, or we'll swamp- It's a choice between tho devil aud tho deep sea; and give rae the devil, say I." But Mekalo, on whom tho picture of the white face in tho bows when the yachts parted had made .a deep impression, shouted frantically, "No, hold on, man; hold on awhile!" And so the game went on, neither yacht gaining perceptibly in that mad storm race. Well Maxwell laiew the risk, but ho know also that if Genestn got away from him then, it would bo the last he would see of her. Only .while the storm held could ho even hold his position. ' At any risk, ho determined to show more canvas. \- Accordingly, tying up tho head of tho spinnaker in an extemporary reef they set it, and then at last, the cloths almost bursting from the bolt-ropes, tho cutter, burying her self at every snrgo, begins to steal up. On and on she cotnes, rising upon the pursued like a sheeted ghost out of tho dark ness. ^ '! Mckalo, a craven heart, feela an icy per- | spiraiion break out on him. Ho curses furiously, stamping the deck in rage and fear when Lis skipper stolidly tells hhn nothing more can be done. Five hundred yards—400 — now she is, within a cable's length of them, crashing 0:11 in a hurricane of drift and spume, straight on with her boom on their taffrai). Fascinated by tho sight, Mckalo stands izing, silent, with an ashen face. Hal what's that! A crash—a fearful lurch over—the upheaval of raving snow 011 her port side, and the cutter's bows fling round, and she stops dead! "Hurrah!" *houtn Thorsen, "she'scarried away her mast clean as a whistle. That cooks her goose, anyway." Meknlo's dark faco is radiant in the binnacle light an ho shakes hands with the skipper effusively. Miranda recedes so quickly that sho is already almost out of right. Needless to say she is helpless as a winged bird now, and the damage is irreparable. " We'd best heave to now for half-a iuinutc, and reef down," Thorsen says, as the disabled /vessel disappears in the darkness. "No more trouble with that lady, at-any rale." It is,rather a troublesome job snugging canvas in that sea, the awelliug folds being torn from their hands again and again by the relentless wind. They find, too, that tho fid of the jibboom is bent in the bitts, and requires a little bit of carpentry before they can reef-in tho boom. -While those jobs go forward on deck, Mckalo betakes himself to his cabin, opens a bottle of brandy, and dashes off: glass after glass con brio. Then, with his pulses stirred by the generous liquor, he locks the sa'oon door, and approaches the cabin where Sylvia, 011 hear ing his step, has sunk on her knees half crazed with terror. Ho pauses a moment instinctively to wonder at a Ion* crouching noise which > — to vibrato softly through the yacbt. "What, the douce—hie ?" he jerks. The men on deck arc also startled by the sound, and look forward, just in time to ace the fragments of a email boat through which the yacht's sharp bows have crashed in their downward pitch. Jast in time to eee two dark figures, streaming with water, chrab aboard like some strange sea beasts out of the raving .wash, uud steal swift and sliadow-like—aft! As the leading figure passes them, the men shrink back aghast at the fierceness of the asheu white face, and the eyes that blaze out under the drenched black hair. At tho moment a woman's cry, full of horror and despair, thrills up tho companion, and echoes far away to leeward. Next moment Mckalo can only utter one yell of terror, as Harold Maxwell's steel strong grip is on bis throat, starting his eyes from their very sockets, nndhurlinghiin with ecstasy of fierce strength to the floor. He never moves again. The blood-smeared iron projection his head has struck against has saved judge and jailer their task. Swooning with terror, Sylvia is clasped in the strong arms of her lover, who kisses away tho tears, and leads her gently from the cabin. There is no difficulty with the crew—now that Mekalo is dead they arc only too anxious to disclaim any knowledge of his designs— that, however, is a matter a jury shall have to decide on in due course. Falmouth, where they arrive two days later, - when tho weather has cleared— Miranda, in tow of a tug which fortunately picks her up—Falmouth and the coast ring with the heroism of Maxwell aud the young sailor who had accompanied liiin. It was simply an incredible pieco of daring to havo trusted themselves to the frail dingey in that storm-torn night sea, and to havo fought their way,' with oars almost swept from their hands by each billow as it broke by them, through tho smothering clouds of spray and flying foam. Thorsen, needless to say, had taken care to heave-to out of tho dead lco lino along which tho disabled Miranda would ba blown helplessly, and tho possibility of oars in that mad racket had never crossed his mind. "Yes, darling," Sylvia murmurs, with a dewy glistening in her oyes—for wo may pass over a few days and look in on the lovers where they sit in tho "snuggery" at Ellcs mere, from tho windows of which, by tfio way, Sir Conyers may be seen, pruning-knifo in hand, busy among his rosea — "yes, Harold, dearest, wc shall forget tho whole horrible story, as you say, and it's kiud and good of you to wish it; but"—putting her arms rouud bin neck, and looking up at hira with a world of pride aud Iovo iu her eyes — "but if wc forgot my part in tho story, darling, I shall never, never forget yours 1" 