CHAPTER XXXII.-RETRIBUTION. Captain Crawford wrote a few lines to Lois before he left the house, bidding her farewell, and as he knew that ('lenient Ilene would be waiting about and watching, he took caro to make his departure as demonstrative as possible. But he made sure that the door would bc fast locked behind him, and did not certainly contradict tho burly landlord's evident opinion of the other as a pestilent individual, who had some designs upon the silver spoons. The very next day Lois went home to be nursed through a sort of low fever, from which she prayed often and fervently never to rally, seeing that the future looked so hopeless and dreary. # . Meauwhile Clement Dene returned to thc Place, giving a very plausible reason for his disappearance, which people believed or not, as they liked. He made every effort to induce Lois to live with him-even sued her for u restitution of conjugal rights, but she sent back Hie Bummons to him with these wordB " writ largo " across it : " I limy bc carried into your house dead, but I will never enter it alive." Ho understood tim lo be a threat which elie was quite capable of eurryiug out now- adays, and gave in, hoping that time would soften her feelings towards bim, and recog- nising al last the impossibility of hurrying mailers. All this while Mr. Duncombe wes his staunch alley, having a very high idea of a wife's duties. She bad married Clement Dene, he said, and whatever his faults might bc, she »ought to stick to him. Besides, a wife separated from her husband bud no position, and careful as she might beebe could hardly escape calumny. But ceitainly it would have boen difficult for tho most vicious fccaudaliuougcr to say anything against l/ois, she lived snob a quiet life amongst her books and flowers and her poor. She was nearly worshipped in Graydon, and sometimes as Clement Dene saw ber pass .by ott s-.me crraud nf mercy, and doffed his hut lo her, receiving a slight bow in return, he felt as if the lave of such a noble creature would not only make a man's life blessed, bat help him lo Heaven at lust. And so a year passed without change or Incident-the one great comfort lo Lois' ull this time being ti>ut Captain Crawford was absolutely reinstated in the good opinion of his fellowmen, aud becoming moro uud marc valued ond appreciated by Sir Charles M'Poimld, and a still faster friend of Iiis former brother officer, Ihc heir. One autumn evening Lois was returning lute from a sick bcd (the ooset-gunrd had never been srei) iii Graydon since thc night of Mrs, Bril tau's death, and therefore she was no lunger afraid); when Kitty came running breathlessly down the lana to meet her. "Oh, Liiis," she panted, "we have been looking for you everywhere. Dr. Tryon has just bceu over to say that Clement has had a tcrribio accident out shooting, and wants lo see you. " The colour receded suddenly from Lois's facs, and her head swam giddily. Kitty put oat her strong young band and steadied her, then took her arm and drew her quick)} towards the house. Mr. and Mrs. Dunoombe wore waiting anxiously for her in tho porch. " Clement has sent a carriage," the formor said, very gravely, " aud your mother and I will accompany yob. I am afraid there is not a minute to lose." "" I am ready," replied Lois, suddenly calm. And uot another word was spoken unlit thc carriage from thc Place was at thc door, and Mr. Duncombe had helped them both in and taken IIÍB own scat. Then Lois asked how it had happened. " He was out shooting in thc Lady Wood, and getting through a hedge his gun exploded. He had not even a keeper with him, but for- tunately someone wa« pausing, and found him lying insensible in the ditch, aud gave the ularm. Dr. Tryon was soon on thotspot, aud had him carried homo ou a stretcher, and dressed his wound, but he says nothing can save him." "Is he sensible now?" " Quite, aud asked for you. You cannot rcfusu-to go to him now he says." Lois hung her bead, and was silent again until they drove up to the house. As they passed lhraue.li the door Jip caine running forward to meet her, with, every démon- stration of delight and welcome. She knrw that Clement bud brought him bick with him to Graydon, but could never understand how he had reguiued possession of him. But that mystery, aud others, was soon to bc ex- plained. Dr. Tryon came down to meet them, having returned to his patient, and conducted Lois al oncn upstairs, Mr. and Mrs. Duncombe following. Thc dying mun was sitting propped up by pillows, and you could sec by his ushcu f.icc that the end was uot fur off, but he was quite sensible and collected, and when Lois gave bim her hand, the old passion, strong in dcalh, Hamed up into his eyes, and gave vivid life to his pinched features for a few moments. " Mini!-all minc-ut lust," ho murmured, ! n illi his lips glued to lier palm ; and, seeing that the end was so near. Lois did not with- draw it. ; For u while her was silent from sheer ecstasy. Then the coldness and faintucBB came back again, sud warned him tn get his confession over whilst there was yet time, ric motioned MrB. Duncombe to give him some of thc strong restorative Dr. Tryon had j placed beside bim, and still holding fast to Lois's hand, he began his guilty, sorrowful tale. 11 You know," she said, looking from one to thc other wistfully, " that I hud a secret in my life, a secret that Julian Crawford alone knew and had sworn not to divulge, but you never guessed, perhaps, that I was a mur- derer." Lois's band made a movement as if lo with- draw itself, but she remembered that it was not for her to judge him, and it remained where it was. " My only excuse is that it was not a pre- meditated murder. The man offended mc, and, never having been taught to control my passions, I killed him." "What was the man's name?" inquired Mr. Duncombe, gravely. "Syducy Graves. The affair made a great sensation at the time because of thc impene- trable mystery that surrounded it, and I was never even suspected, so far as I knew, but T lcd a dog's life for a couple of years." " That was why you left thc firm, I suppose !" " Ves, I thought I was better out of iînglaud for a while. When it had all blown over, I returned and after a time settled down here." "How came Caplaiu Crawford to bc in your confidence ?" " He was present when the murder was committed, but for the sake of our old boyish friendship, he promised to keep my secret, on condition that I never offered any woman my name without telling ber thc stain upon iL' " Which you were bound to do, of course," put in Mr. Duncombe, severely. " Ves, I know. But my passion for Lois was stronger than my honour, and I refused. You know what happened after that. Julian would not break bia Boleoin oatb not ta betray me, but bc kept aa rigidly to bis conditions, and I bad to yield. Hut 1 thought of a way of circumventing him, and laid my plans accordingly. If he were hanged for my murder, I should not be responsible for the mistake, and could reappear after an ioterval and claim my wife. Willie heard his threat, and I took care he was subjonaed and questioned, for I sent an anonymous letter to the police, telling them that he could give more information than anyone else on the eubject." " Poor Willie !" murmured Lois, remember- ing all he had suffered. " They let him off easy enough. If I could ' have questioned him, I should have put things in a stronger light. Anyhow, it docs not j matter now. He was acquitted, thanks to the Methodist parson." ' " You ought to be thankful that he was," interpolated Mr. Duncombe. " It is one sin less to answer for." "I don't know. It is the intention that counts, I expect, and I meant it, sure enough." " You have not told us how you .managed the deception.!' "Easily," he answered, with suppressed triumph, " although it must be owned that fortune favoured mc." 1 kept iu the wuod that day until dark, and then I rowed myself to Minster, where I remained in biding till night. By dawn the next day I set off again in my boat, keeping to the lonely part of thc shore, and meeting no one until I was about ten miles from Plymouth, where I saw some unfortunate mun struggling in thc water, and rowed off to his assistance. I got him into the boat, and made every effort to restore him, but he was too far gone, poor fellow I and I was just going to cast bim back ¡uto the sea when it struck me that his uniform might bc of usc ; but I dried it first of all, then' dressed him in my clothes and myself in hts. After this I dropped him into the sea, knowing well that Ibo tide would land him on the beach not very far fi om Graydon ; and us ho was about my height, and was wearing my coat, he would be probably taken for mc, especially UB his face was somewhat dûbgurca in striking against the rocks when hu tell. " " Then you were thc coast-guard who frightened Mrs hVillon to death!" Mr. Duncoinbo said. " I did not mean to kill her. I thought she ought to know the truth, and there «us no one elso to tell her. I fancied it would be a comfort to her ta know bc had had such a beautiful funeral. I enjoyed it very much myself," lie concluded, with a gleam of malicious satisfaction. " Everything was so well dona, und there were so many mourners." Ho laughed hoarsely and stretched ont Iiis hand for another dose of thc restorative before he auswercd Lois's question. 11 Then it was you I saw at thc four cross- roads that night!" 11 Yes. 1 was got up as A ghost on that occasion, und I fancy I played my part well. Indeed, I inuit have played most of my parts well," he lidded, with u grim chuckle, "fur J woe never found out. Ijy-the-uye, you never advertised for your jewels," turning ta his wife. "I did liol want them buck,''«lie answered, colouring. " You will find them in thc strong box in my bedroom. You can wear them or nut, as you like ; hut they belong lo you, and no out else," he suid. Dr. Tyron came in at this moment, and see- ing that Clement had rallied considerably, and the end was not so near as ho hud thought, forbade any further excitement for his {lalicut, who went to sleep quietly, still loldiug bis wife's lin nd. Later on he and Lois had another talk alone, in ulrich ho expressed n'gret for his conduct to Captain Crawford, and uBked to see him. "I meant to kill him that night in thc Manor grounds," ho told her. " I always thought that it was his infiuenoo that kept us apart, and my only hope of gaining you tras keeping him out nf the way.'" "If I had loved you nothing would have kept us apart," ehe aaid. " But you married me, Lois." " Yea, and I know that I committod a great ein, and am in a measure responsible for Borne of your crimes/'sheaoBwered humbly. " Let UB pray to God to forgive us both." There was a short silence, and then Lois asked him how he had managed to impose upon her in tho arbour that night, and he smiled as he answered ber. " Your mind was prepared for a visitation of this sort by my supposed appearance at the four cross-roads, and then you forgot the window in the arbour close to your ear. I opened it gradually whilst you were absorbed in your talk, and so hoard all your conver- sation." " How could you f" she cried, indignantly. " I had tho right, since you were my wife. I hadn't many privileges," he added bit'eriy, " but that, at least, was one. I also had the pleasure of locking the greenhouse door behind you and giving you a good fright, wheu I Baw you come out und guessed jour errand. I was o(t«n close beside you and feasting my eyes upon your face, when you little suspected if." "1 behove you enjoyed deceiving us all," she could not help saying. " Well, sometimes," be admitted, " but thc situation had ils. dangerous and its desolate side, too. As I went by tho cmp<y Place at' night, or watched the light go out in your window, the seuso of loneliness and liotiic -lessuess almost overpowered me sometimes, aud if it had not been for Jip, who was more to me than ever, since you had cared f.-r him, I should have come forward much sooner. "Aa it waa you waited to make a grand ciup?" she said, resentfully. " Yes, I wanted Julian Cruwford to feel what 1 have felt. The cup was jual at my lips when he dashed it from mc ; it was just at his lips when I dashed it from him. We are quits at last I" ilia voice rang out loud, clear, triumphant, then died away in a hoarse murmur, aud lie fell back insensible. So he remained for hours, and then JIB rallied again, sufficicutly to see Captain Crawford when he arrived, und to make his peace with God. Three months before Clement Dene's death he had made a new will, in which he lett the bulk of bia property to Captain Crawford. LOÍB'S settlement provided for ber amply, and she had a legacy of £10 OOO in addition. It ¡8 possible that this was meant as a salve to his conscience at the moment, au act of atonement wi.ich cost him nothing, and could be cancelled at any time. But* though he was sensible at the last, he made no chauge, so that wc may hope he had really repented of the wrong he had done. The magnificent monument to "' lenient Dene, Esq.," iii Graydon Churchyard, was placed over another and newer grave, and Lois was able to carry out ¡ er promise to Mrs. Britton, and lay her and her child by her husband's side. A simple stone marks the spot where they sleep, and the Sowers that Jessie put, out of pure womanly pity, on a I supposed stranger's heart, have th ir pro- totypes blooming outside, os Lois begged filauts from the same garden, lo make her ¡tile act of kindness complete, There is no doubt about Lois's position now, or of her happiness cither, and her children's caressing fingers have done what even her husband s kisses could not do-smoothed all the lines'of past oare und trouble out of her face, so that she áeemB to Captain Crawford's loving eyes to grow more beautiful, us well as wiser, every day. But theo she has passed ] through thc furnace of affliction, and has co ne oui purified. i A few inore words, and WO have done. Captain Crawford has solved the mystery as to the identity of "John Smith, Esq.," and fiuds it very easy to forgive Lois the little ruse which saved his pride and his life at the same time. Willie is a cornet in the Blues, a smart officer, and a right good fellow, everyone says. Kitty, who is magnificently handsome now, in a striking picturesque way, is engaged to Captain M'Donald of the 206th-"the best and truest friend man ever had, and a deal too good for you, my dear, ' Captain Crawford tells her often, bauteiingly. But though Ritty tosses her head saucily, and pooh-poohs the suggestion, it must be owned that she quite agrees with her brother-in-law in her secret heart. Mrs. Duncombe never having been allowed to Bpoil her own children, does her best to spoil her grandchildren, whom she simply adores. AB for Mr.. I mncombe, seeing how prosperous and happy his children now are, be lays it all to his superior generalship, and like all mon of his calibre, counts up his victories and ignores his defeats. TUE END.) 