IOUR MOTION CHEEK. ? ?—* ? , — _ \- ? (By Ernest- Favenc.) ?-? . .,; ? -? ? IGGS was my partner i P » '^ for many years. Not : g \ a bad -fellow, but apt ? ' '3 9 \ t0 grow peppery over ; *f«** $' trifling matters. ^I'ire- J r»— n r^ - member the' first time1 'if ? ' ' we . were discussing ? ?. 'buying the station, ^ the question.' arose as ?\ to what the name of TCaE^S'A the ? firm ' should be— S ^m Diggs and; Fe^ing^or * \S8t Fee|ing' 'and ' Diggs. ~'' I I^Tf ' 'We both would be on equal terms financially, so we found if very hard to decide, and nearly feli out over' ft: ' Diggs said I was obstinate in the matter, and I thought him the same: At last we determined to refer to Bagot — Bagot would be. our neighbor if we bought the station we were thinking of invest ing in — so we did so. Bagot put his considering cap on as we sat smoking on his broad verandah and waiting for the oracle to .speak. A long wait it was, and we both followed Bagot's example of emptying our glasses of rum and water twice, before he spoke. a bright idea came into his head, for he was something like tbat unknown character of Shakspere's, the husbaDd of Juliet's nurse— 'A! a merry man.' He laughed heartily, and said: 'I've got it.' 'Possibly,' 1 remarked, 'but we haven't.' 'Call the firm Feeling and Diggs, and make your station brand D.F.'. 'Why this combination?' said Diggs, after a pause. 'Well, the initials of Diggs and Feeling, as the firm's signature, would stand for d ? d fools, but pn 'the cattle they'd stand for d ? d fat.' -??:?? Diggs and. I looked at each other; it seemed a way out of the difilculty, and we accepted it on the spot, which mightily pleased old Bagot. He told his version of the story all over the dis trict, and became the acknowledged wit in con sequence. We didn't mind. We Bought the sta tion, and I am happy to say got on very well for some years, and the DF brand was very i popular. ? j Then an episode I am about to relate broke tip the peaceful life we were leading, and finally led to breaking up the partnership of Feeling and Diggs. - It was not the fault of either of us — simply an unhappy conjunction of circum stances. The head station, when we took the station over, -was in a very inconvenient place for working the run, and after some years, when the house and yard began to show signs of de cay, we determined to shift it to another site. The site we chose was an old station site, much more favorable in every way, and we wondered why it had ever been deserted. None of the men 'about could tell us, not even old -Bagot. But one night a hoary old traveller came along, and from what he said in the men's hut pne of them came over to us in the morning, 'and in formed us that 'old Captain,' as the swagman was called, could tell us all about the old home stead at Four Junctioa Creek. So we called him over, and promised him a day's spell and some tucker if he would tell us all he knew. He was a queer-rlooking old fellow, with' a white beard, badly stained with tobacco. .'Four Junction Creek was where old Smith field— he who took this place up first — was mur dered :'by two of his men.' 'Well, but,' said Diggs, ', 'that's no reason. I : know of lots of stations wJtn graves on them, all over the country.' 'Ah, but ye don't know a -case like this, for ' the troopers happened to come that very night. The sergeant, he was a very queer sort of cuss, and ' ~to save the trouble of carting' them- two hundred miles as prisoners, h« shot 'them both ' out. ol hand. Then he swore, and ' his men swore, that they resisted, and fired at the po lice.' 'I suppose they're pretty well- rotten and de- ? cayed by this -time,' I said. . ' - ' ! 'I've more tc tell you,' returned the old man. : 'The one who set them on to do the work was the biggest devil of tUe lot, and that one was Smithfield's young wife. A handsome handful she was! She walked '?but of the house on to the verandah and watched the shooting. Then she called to the sergeant, 'Am I the next?' ? ' 'What .do you mean, Mrs. SmithfieWaj said the sergeant, who knew her, but nothing 6f ner deviltry.. ? j ' 'That I had as much to fio with it as any body.' - ?' i ' Then, It you mftke a confession lilto that, It's my. plain' duty to make you my prisoner,' and he advanced towards her. . ''No man will do. thati' and therewith she ' $mfa pistol to her head — one that she had. held \ behind . Tier all the time — and shot herself.' 'Oh! I thought you were going to say shot the ; sergeant/' I remarked. . ; ?. 'No, shot herself; there was no earthly use ; in shooting ahybo'dy else,' said the old man, in annoyed tones. 'You see, that made the; party complete-old- Smithfield, who was murdered; the~ two murderers, who were executed; and the woman, who committed suicide.- A regular happy . -Jparty to make a fresh start in a new existence,' . ' 'Well?', said D.iggs. 'That doesn't tell us wby^the. homestead was deserted for this place I suppose they were buried and. dope.' with.' 'Oh! were they?' chuckled the old. man with a ghastly laugh. 'Were they? Did you ex pect that those, four could lie quiet, cheek by jowl, like four little kids who'd been drowned in a Sunday school picnic? , My! you're soft. Old Smithfield's nephew came, in -for the station, and up be came from the south to take ? delivery and possession. Which, he .did, and got things all ,.licked into . shape when the trouble com menced. All _ four of 'em began to walk,1 and old Smithfield 'began to have his innings. 'Man! to hear ~ the yells, and the shrieks, and the groans, of 'em. To see old Smithfield with, the blood on his white hair, where he had been chopped ;down by the axe, running after his wicked wife. Through the house, through th& walls, through the table, beds, chairs, anything. ?. Why, it was enough to make anyone desert the place, wasn't it?' .? j 'Depends on who they were?' said Diggs, who j was a confirmed sceptic. \ 'Does it?' said the old man, with a grunt 'At any rate the young fellow found that h& couldn't keep a man on the place, for it was not alone in the house, but outside as well, where old Smithfield used to chase those two murderers and chop them about with the axe, they groaning horrid all the while.' 'What did he . want to do it for? His axe was not a real axe, and he never hurt anybody.'' 'I like your way of looking at it, as if the old fellow was not due for his revenge. Any how, he did it.. His nephew could not sell the station with all that jacketing going on, and so he moved over, here. Now just tell me, will you? You seem to know so much about it, what would you have done in Smithfield's place?' ' I 'Why,' answered Diggs, who was the man ad- I dressed, 'I'd have washed the blood off my head, ' and tidied myself up, and if -I felt obliged to walk, of which I don't see the necessity, I'd ihave done it in a quiet, decent manner, and not have gone ramping and killing through another man's house, for ' you . must admit that ' after j Smithfield was killed the bouse no longer be longed to him.' 'So that is your way of looking at it, is it?' replied the old man. ''It is,' returned Diggs, who seemed to take an interest in the matter. I didn't speak my self. The old man amused me with his thorough belief in the matter. The old fellow thanked us for the spell and the tucker, and toddled off to the men's hut, where he camped for the remainder, of the day. j 'What do you think of him?' asked Diggs. | ? 'Some looney old shepherd who nas lost ilia ' wits. But we'll go out to-night and camp on the site, and lay out our plans.' j It was a lovely spot for a homestead at Four Junction Creek, and very central in every way. Diggs and I decided on the respective buildings, with a due regaTd to my partner's approaching marriage. We were not disturbed by anything during the night, and laughed at the old man's story, which, we presumed, he had learned by heart, and repeated at every station for a dole of rations. AH the time the removal and building were going on we were kept hard at work, and- never saw -anything of did mea with blood stained hair on their heads . and axes in their hands, ca . reering through the place. At last it was all finished, and Diggs departed to bring home a ' bride., '.?„ ^ 'I -'?? I was sitting in the cool of the evening on the verandah smoking a meditative pipe, when an old ? fellow walked up, and, bidding me good evening.^ascended the verandah and took one of the canvafe chairs. 'I seem to remember your face,' I said, 'but I can't place it.' . 'Smithfleld is my name. I saw you and 'your partner last' year at your old place.' .' 'The devil you did! I don't remember your'! name there.' ^ J ' 'Yes, I told you tbe story of tb&r; place, If you ! remember.' ' j 'Remember!' I cried, starting up. 'Are you ! the old swaginan?' !| 'I am^* and I was so struck by your partner's i advice that I adopted it, and I think I shall be j Very much more comfortable.' 'Then tbat murder and suicide story -was a 1 £8Ct?' 1 'Actual fact; and I am thankful to you for not disturbing my grave.' ? ? . . 'We saw a grave, and. of course respected It.' 'Yes; and I promise in return to behave my- ; self, and not play any more fool'.s tricks.' i 'What shall I call you if you turn up when j there's anybody here?' - 'Whitefield will do; now I think I'll go back and turn in. I just called to see if you were ; frightened, and don't intend to bother you very ! much. . Good night.'' I 'Good night* Mr. Whitefield,' I said, in reply, j as .he stepped from the window, and went back : to his grave. He kept his word, and a more ; quiet, genial companion than that ghost, on his ' occasional visits, I never met. Old Bagot took : a great liking to him. In due course Diggs came back with Mrs. Diggs, and I warned Whitefield to keep away for a bit, so that I could have an opportunity of putting Diggs up to his visits, and he did so. Diggs looked rather startled when I told him of Mr. Whitefield's visits, but I assured him his behavior was most discreet; he need not see much of the new 'missus.' Besides I urged he had given up his howling, tearing tricks just to oblige us, and had therefore a claim on our hospitality. He saw it in this light after a bit, especially as he was the author of the advice, so Whitefield resumed his visits, and all things went smooth. Mrs. Diggs wondered much that -she saw no thing of that nice old gentleman, Mr. White field, in the daytime; but. Diggs explained that his duties kept him busy. Then came the great catastrophe that severed our Dartnefship. 'Whitefield usually sat quietiy on the verandaSr, not saying much, but enjoying the company. This night,- for some reason, Mrs. Diggs asked him to come inside. He came, and stayed about an hour, and then rose to go. and. forgetting my repeated warnings, walked straight through the wall, instead of going through the doorway. ? Mrs. Diggs saw it, but thought her eyes must have deceived her, when the wretched ghost, utterly forgetting imself, walked back through the wall, and apologised, and went out through the proper mode of exit. Mrs. Diggs sat down in shrieking hysterics, and I gave Diggs a clear field to recover her. He had a terrible job, I believe, being new at that sort of thing, but at last succeeded in still ing her. wild outcries to be 'sent back to her mother,' and got her to bed. It broke us up. She could not be persuaded to stop, and Diggs and I had to agree to sell the station and relinquish partnership. He took her down, and we sold the place very well. Smithfield only turned up once, he felt so much ashamed of himself. I refrained from reproach, for I knew he was as truly sorry as any ghost could be. 