" t1ni erboth u Ironicle." PUBLISHED Tuesiny. Thursday. anitd naurtiny. SUBSCRIBERS RECEIVE A SUPPLEMENT WITII EACII ISSUE.' .TUESDAY, J AY 4, :!87. TURKEY AND GREECE. Tun conflict that is ih. prigress be tween Greece and Turkey:has been a surprise to most people. The popular idea in regard to the "sick man " of Europe has been that he was utterly unable to stand a shock, and would at the slightest sign of a storm give up the ghost without a struggle. The Turkish army was thought to be in a state of the most comp'ete disorganisa tioni the soldiers clamouring for their pay, 'and almost rising into open mutiny because they did not get it. With such ideas as this very nearly unihersal,it was taken for granted that Greece would have little difficulty in' demolishing the Ottoman empire if she were given a' free hand. When the troublefirst arose in Crate there was a very large section of the community who thought that the powers were doing wrong in restraining Greece from avenging the massacre of Christians in Armenia, and other Turkish provinces. The postulate in their minds was that Greece was fully capable of sustaining the role, nnhd had they had their way their disappointment would have been great. Greece has failed in the hour of trial, and has not upheld the glory of her ancient warriors. That mar vellous courage in battle displayed on many trying occasions, which has iron the admiration of. the world, does not apparently exist in the present race of Greeks. The 'nation has passed her zenith, and it is questionable whether she will ever: again be a force to be reclkoned with. The kudos she gained by defying[the powers and posing as the defender of the righteous was gained by bombast. .For.the moment the world judged' th'e Greeks at-their own estimate, and the judgment was, by. present .ipearances, wrong.,? The judgmenit 'i' regard to Turkey. was equally wrong, for the'' Sultan has proved that he is. quite able to take care of himself against such enemies as Greece. His annmy:was found 'tobe i a state of perfect discipline, with able generals at its head, and what is more surprising, there has been an utter ab. sence of outrage by the Turkish troops during the.,course of the w.ar. After the story of the atrocities in Armenia and Macedonia it comes as a revelation to find the Turks conducting the war upon' the niost humane principles. The explanation is probably to be sought in policy. Atrocities on their part would most likely arouse a feeling in:Europe that would tell against them in their struggle for existence. At present Turkey is in the position of having been forced into a war by an aggressive neighbour, and if she he victorious in a fair fight she will gain a certain amount of credit. If the Sultan continues in the same spirit of reasonableness his triumph over the Greeks will relieve the Powers from the very embarrassing situation they were placed in by the refusal of the Greeks to evacuate the island (if Crate. The "honorable peace " which Greece desires would never be granted while her troops were in Crete, and thus it may be left to the Sultan to cut tihe Gordian knot, which he seems well able to do. So long as he is not so elated over his victories as to defy the -Powers .:himself, the-present monflict will have done a lot of good, as it will have put an end, fora tine at any rata, tnA the jizng-i ?m in Greece which threatened to embroil the whole of Europe, 