«PADDY THE FLAT." 44Come in! Come in! why all that time knocking ? O, it's you is it ?" 11 Sure it's mesclf, all that's, left of me. It's frightened I am to come near j ou for fearin' you might be after takin' me fora ghost." 44 What justified you in thinking that I should be so alarmed ?" 44 Was'nt I buried, and a tombstone put over me grave by the gintleman who boasted ofmuttherin'me," , 14 Yes, yes, I remember now, but life is too short to bear those little trifles in mind. Some of us have lived too long in the world, Paddy, to allow trifles like that to find lodgment. But ho* arc you ? Where have yon been this long time?" 'l " I wasn't well for a week or two, and after getting a bit mesclf agin I just wint for a ramble round the district. Sure I've just been everywhere, and what I've seen and heard woula fill a book, so it would." 44 If that's the case we may hope to hear a bit ol news. What's the state of the poll generally ?" 44 Dull, dry, and disappointin.' But it is'nt out of town )c have to look for sinsa tions. What's this about Keeble advertisin' for a clerk able to work 14 hours a day. Sure a man has a front on him cspictin' a dacent honest man to work 14 hours a day. A man who has to work that long every day in North Queensland should first fis up. funeral arrangements with Svendsen or Clarke. And I don't suppose hz gets tin pounds a week for such an illigant job. Begorra I'd sooner go catchin' baytels on the Johnstone than work those hours. But what's yer honor's idea of the matter!" 44 A joke, Paddy, merely a flash of Keebleistic fun. Mr Keeble is just as con- siderate an emplover as you will find any- where. A clerk m the employ of a butcher has ?MuaffV to ujqifc .m.f loaa*fcoow-bal no man 1 take It »ùotild be asked lo regularly tod t4. But you forget, Paddy, that the noble Arthur has lately developed strong labour principles, and proved his convictions by taking 20 shares in the 'er- well, politely speaking, labor journal." 44 Sure it's mesclf heard a whisper about that, and very funny business it was. Did ye hear how the ¿5 grew to ¿20? Ah, well, . it's all the same old story. They're all great labor men in one lep if they think there's a bob or two stickin' out. Mick Boland is a fair and square labor man, but dash my buttons-excuse me for swearin'-if every- body else is who are purty big with their in- sincere professions. Sure a man can rispiet a straight out opponent, who is consistent, but the man who travels on the game is only a fit object for contitnpt. And look at here now, the workers, stupidly shortsighted as they are in the way of politics, are not fooliah enough to not see through the moves of those travelling hypocrites, and while they thank- fully bag their share money have a gentle snigger at them behind their backs. It's throe for me what I'm' say in'. And in the long run the man who. rides a rail goes flop. Sure it's pearls of wisdom I'm droppin' now." 44 You are not far wrong, Pat." " Wrong ! the divil an inch am I wrong. But much as I can admire a straight out from the shoulder opponent, what can yer think, Sir, of the disptcable nature of some of the tactics adopted by the 44 Advocate " push. That was a dirty, mane, and discreditable stand they took with the Mulgrave Jockey Club. Sure we all heard about it outside. Waa it true, Mr Editor?" 44 Well, Paddy, there was something of the sort in which the "Post" was concerned, but why refer to it ?" 44 For the simple rason that it deserves a showin' up. But you won't mind tellin' me if I have the facts right. It's always well to be sure of one's facts before} ou start your deductions. I'm after hcarin' that prices were asked for the advertisin' and printin' in connection with the race meetin'. The num- bers nearly all wanted to advertise in the 44 Post " because it had a much larger circu- lation than any other local paper, but in diference to Mr Blank, a Socialistic supporter of the labor rag, they just gave the lot of 'em a show. Prices were submitted in level terms. The offer of the "Post" was the lowest, and the work fell to the "Only Morning." Then three or four shareholders j and directors of the labor-" ' 44 Hold on there, Paddy, this burst of oratory is quite overpowering. Anybody 1 would think you were in earnest." ¡ 14 And it is in earnest I am. The thing i wants showin' up I tell you. As I was a «yin' when j er chipped in, three or four shareholders in the labor dictionary, who are business men of dacent standing in town, refused to subset ibe as usual to the Mulgrave Jockey Club, because, forsooth, their paper did'nt get the printin'. Sure I wonldnt belave it whin I heard it first. Isitralelya fact. Sir, that those men (an' one of 'em is a publican-a real good sport) behaved like little spoiled kiddies, and because the 44 Advocate " did'nt sneced in a fair an' square go, tumed round and said ' Well, ye won't get a sixpence from us in sub- scriptions becau-se )e did'nt give our pape« the work." Is that a fact, Sir." - 44 You have just about hit the situation." 44 Well, all I can say is that they are a miserable, measly crowd to act that way, and their pockets should be made to suffer. Sure, if there had been any favoritism shown )e might understand it a bit, but the idea of them remsin' Mr Cairns 'because the 14 Advocate" did'nt get theprintin'.' Begorra they are men-of a sort." 44 Your poor opinion of them, Pat, is per- fectly justified if they understood the position properly, but I incline to the idea that some of them at least were deceived by some-one interested. They must have been told some cock-and- bull yara prepared for the occasion, and asked to refuse the Club their usual subscription. Deceived, and thinking that the paper (of which some of them are already ashamed) had been unfairly handled, tiley held back their subscriptions, and until tiley see it in black and white in the "Post " they won't know anything to the contrary." .4 Sure if that's the case the man who tuk 'em in should have a good time when they lind the lie out, and begin to see for them- selves that the Lake Street grammarian was out-tendered fair and square." "Yes, I fully expect that some of those who held back their race-club subscription will regret the act when they know the facts." " Did yea hear about the burglars out on the Jle'crave ? Waar. ! didn't bear about ¿fra. OfTenl at the hotel arristine^the two black saaraabvbaneHto be aenr! Beeonra U*e a Catt, »ttk. Mrs OTiiBl «a. Ether bed ma when she noticed a fellow «alda* oat tba money oat of the jar it was kept ia on a shilf ia the bar. There he was pallin' out notas and bandin' thlm to his mate as'aisy as theil»' peas. -Did the little lady go off into hysterics and all that stupid nonsence ? Not much. Begorra she flashed round to the front of the house yellin' all the while for O'Neill's brother (O'Neill himself by the same token was just having a snooze after a late and busy night) but before anyone came Mrs O'Neill grabbed the robbers," cne by each |i»ad, and held on like a limpet to a rock, yelli*' out for help all the time and proving herself too many for the thavin' sneaks, for <l«icl£ the two O'Neill's were on the spot and' it was a case of God help the burglars. All the money was recovered and those two thaves wint away looking very much the worse for wear. The bould bobby arrived on tlic »cene when the tram got in (he had just bees io Cairns) and before he knew anything aSout the robbery he scruffed the varmints, «hoved 'em of? tollards the tram and told Ihim to " get off out of this." And sure it .».¡is glad they were to 'get o|t" so aisy. The bobby blames the O'Neill's for not mention- ing about the thaving, but anyway there's somethisg wrong somewhere, when a couple of thaves, caught rid handed, can get off widoat ere a bit of trouble but a bit of a hidia I'm not falls' too well this minit, so I'll bid ye good day. Jil write yer a letter nest week, as I won't be io." 