\- mail mi CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued.) 'I saw her face as plainly as I see yours' now,' she goes on, excitedly. ' I was asleep, I suppose, when he entered ; but some slight noise he made awoke me. A man was fitting a key in . that cabinet yonder behind yon. I started up in bed, and screamed out. Like a flash he turned and I saw his face. Before I could cry out again he had put his ATrnw -m tt mnnfli onfl liold ft. OfinriOfO J-LIW-LU UYOi saturated with chloroform under my nostrils. I remember no more. This morning I woke from my drugged sleep to find the room in perfect order, the cabinet as usual, the money gone, and myself sick as death from the over dose of the drug !' ' This is horrible !' Longworth says, find ing his voice. ' I cannot realize it. But why should you suspect Mademoiselle Reino ? Surely she knows nothing of this.' ' She was the only one who knew of this money. When Mr. Martin left he saw her whispering to him across the gate — he was here this morning and told me.' ' Still ? ' ' Look here, Laurence !' she holds up a handkerchief marked with the name in full, 'Reine Landelle.' ' Catherine found this at my bedside this morning. It was not there last night.' i 'Still ? ' 'Look here! look here!' In a state of feverish excitement she held up to view a sponge and two or three keys. ' Catherine found these in her room this morning — they fell out of her dress pocket. This woman is her friend— she would not have told if she had thought it could hurt her. Smell that sponge — has it been soaked in chloroform ? I tell you she told him of the money, I tell you she let him in, and was with him hero list night. His keys would not fit; he had to pick the lock. Lawrence, you' have had an escape. I never liked her ; I always knew she was bad, bad, bad, bad to the corc. You must give her up, and at once.' He rises from his seat, and walks to the window. He has given her up, he believes her false and treacherous, but it wrings his heart to hear this. ' 'Have you asked her?' he says, coming back. ' It is not fair to condemn her unheard. Tour evidence is circumstantial evidence, the most unreliable in the world. It may be only a combination of circumstances ; she may be innocent in the face of it all.' ? ' You do not believe one word of what you are saying. I can see it in your face. No, I have not seen her, I never want to see her again. Catherine tells me she has kept her room, that she looks dazed with terror — guilt would be the better word. Well she may ! ? she is guilty of something worse than a crimo, she is guilty of being found out.' ? ' What do you intend to do ?' ' I intend to turn her out. Yes, this very day. Not another night shall she sleep under this roof; it has never been a shelter for thieves. Let her go and join her robber ! lover, for he is her lover, and followed her here. What he has stolen from me will keep them for a while ; when that is gone she can help him steal more.' ' Madame, you aro merciless ! You must not act in this reckless way, for your own your child s child. ' My curse on them — the mother who fled from mc, the daughter who has disgraced me . . The name of Windsor lias been dishonoured by them both. How dare you plead for her ! But for you these girls would never have set foot in this house !' ' No need to remind mo of that. I regret . my ill-starred advico as deeply as 'you do. Still, justice is justice. Condemn her if you like ; but hear bor — send for her, and ask her to tell you the truth.' . Sho seizes the bell rope and pulls it before he has fairly spoken the words. In all the years he has known her, Longworth has never seen hor proud self-control, even in intense anger, desert her before. ' ' Not now ?' he cries ; ' not before me ? I will not stay !' 'I say you shall stay !' she cries, passion ately. ' You have pleaded for her — you shall. ' stay arid hear her plead for herself. If you ' leave me now, I will hate vo'u as lone as I live!' He falls back. Catherine enters, looking flurried and scared. She too, has never seen her mistress like this. ' Where is Miss Reine ?' 'In her own room, ma'am.' Tell her to come here.' ' The girl goes. Once more Longworth starts to his feet. ' Mrs. Windsor, it will be in the very worst possible taste for me to remain. Consider — ' ,, ' I will consider nothing. Remain you , . must, and shall, to confront her in her guilt.' t The door opens oh the moment — retreat is impossible — and Reine enters. Her dreary ' ' eyes fall upon him, and then turn to the figure sittiiig upright in bed; She' slowly advances.' ; 'You sent for me, madairie ?' . [ Reine is pale, and cold, and miserable; but ' the mastering expression of her face is one of utter ' weariness. She looks worn out, as though even to speak or move were unutterablo labour and pain. And once again Longworth thinks, as he gazes gloomily on her : ' If guilt can look with such eyes as these, how is mortal ,man to know innocence or truth in this world ?' 'jjl sent for you,' Mrs. Windsor answers, with suppressed vehemence. 'You expected to be sent for, did you not|? I sent for you to ask you a few questions. Were you or were you not, in this room between two and three this morning ?' Reine stands mute. ' Will you answer ?' ' I cannot,' she says, iu a stifled voice. 'You hear!' cries Mrs. Windsor, turning in a dreadful sort of triumph to hor friend — - ' she cannot ! Are you then afraid to tell a lie, mademoiselle ? I have hoard that thore is honour among thieves, but I never heard i was so nice.' ' Madame,' Reine says, but there is no defi ance in her tone, no flash in her eye, ' I am no thief.' ' No ? Nor the aider or the abettor of one ? Yon did not tell the Frenchman, Durand, last niplit. across mv wli pro T forbade him ever to come, of this stolen money ?' Silence. ' You did not admit him last night into this house ?' 'Madame, no, I did not,' ' You were not with him in this room be tween two and three in tho morning j1 You did not hide the sponge in your pocket the sponge with which he stupefied me ? You did not oven know, perhaps, that he stole the money? Answer me! Mr. Longworth be lieves in your innocence — I want you to prove it with your own lips. Answer !' She throws her hands up over her face, and there is a cry that goes through Long worth's heart like a knife. 'Oh.! myGodl' shesays, 'Iamasinner, but what have I done to deserve this !' 'Mrs. Windsor,' Longworth exclaims, passionately, ' this must cease. Reine,' he takes her hand and almost crushes it in the unconscious intensity of his grasp, ' come with me. I must speak one word to you alone.' She lets him lead her out. In the passage he stops, still grasping her hand. ' Reine,' he says, ' for the honour of all women, tell me that you know nothing of this robbery. It was through me you first came here — in some way I feel answerable for you through that.' 'I wish,' she cries out, and wrenches her hand free,' that I had been dead before I ever came !' ' There are worse things in the world than death. Bat tell me— you know nothing* of this ?' * She stands silent. In the eyes that met his there is the look of a hunted animal at bay, with the knife at his throat. ' I will tell you nothing,' she answers, look ing at him steadily ; ' not one word.' They stand for a moment face to face. He is deadly pale, but something that is almost a flush of scorn, of defiance has risen over the gray pallor of her face. i 'I am answered,' he says, slowly, ' as Mrs. Windsor says you were in her room this morning with the tliief Dnrond. Then Heaven help you, and help me, who once believed in you. I thought you almost an angel of light — truthful, noble, innocent as a very child. And you are the wife of a gambler and a burglar, his aider and helper. Go to him! You are well fitted for each other ! From this hour I shall have only one hope in connection with you, and that is that I may never look upon your face again !' TTn +W.T.C. OH A lonTTQC Tl T„ 4-1, „ T, „ 1 1 1, „ X-LU UUl ilO 1U1U lul V CD ilKi'. J.U UU« 11UU oe low lie meets Catherine. ' Tell Mrs. Windsor I will come again to night,' he says. ' I am busy now,' and so goes. The girl runs up stairs. In tlie upper hall Reine still stands as he left her, her hands locked together, her eyes fixed, her face stony. Something in that frozen agony of face and attitude frightens the servant, and she bursts out crying : ' Oh, Miss Reine ! Miss Reine! You were always so gentle and kind, and to think that it was me found the sponge. If I'd known, I'd cut my hand off before I ever took them to missis. I'll never believe you knew a thing about the robbery, to the day of my death !' Slowly Reine seems to awake, and after a second's blank stare, holds out her hand. ' Thank you, Catherine,' she says, drearily ; ' and thank you again, before I go away, for all the attention you have paid me since I have been here.' ' Oh ! miss, are you going ? Oh ! what will Miss Marie say when she comes back!' A sort of shudder passes over her listener. She turns from her and opens once more her grandmother's door. Mrs. Windsor has fal len back among the pillows, panting from her recent excitement, but excited still. ' What! You again !' she exclaims. ' You lare to enter nere ! is tnere anything Monsieur Durand forgot last night that' you would like to secure before you ?' ' Madame,' Reine says, and approaches the bed, ' do not say any more. One day you may be sorry for having said so much. I want nothing — I have taken nothing. I thank you for all you havo given me, and I am going away, and will come back no more.' - Tho woman before her, who has always disliked her, who has reined in that dislike, lets the rage that consumos hor have uncon trollable vent now. ' Go !' she cries. ' Yes, go, you vipor, you thief ! You daughter of a thief ! Your beggarly father came and stole my child, your beggarly lover comes and steals my money ! Go ! the sight of you is hateful to my eyes ! Go, I say — go at once !'' ? ' At once,' the girl drearily repeats. ' This hour, this moment, and never return. I All the disgrace that has ever touched me has come upon me through you and yours ! You shall disgrace me by your presence no longer. I Last night's booty will' keep you in comfort | for a while, and when it is gone you know well now u) got more. uro, ana, living or acaa, never let mo see you again !' Without a word Reine turns and goes. In her own room, hers no longer, she stands for a little, hor hand to her head trying to steady herself, and recall hor dazed thoughts. She is to go, and go at once. Yes, that is easily understood. She glances around ; hor preparations need not take long. All she brought with her is still in her old French trunk. Tho few things necessary to take im mediately she puts in a bag ; not one article that Mrs. Windsor's abhorred money has bought among tliom. Her purse, with tho last quarter's allowance, is in her pocket ; she cannot do without that. Longworth's diamond' is on her hand ; she sees it, takes it off, and lays it on the table. Then sho puts on her hat and' jacket and is ready. . She does not meet either of tho women ser vants as she goes down stairs. She opens the house door and stands for a moment taking a farewell look at all about her. Tho evening is dull and overcast; clouds hurry across the sky — last night's storm has not entirely stormed itself out — it intends to rain before morning. But on the train, the rain will not interfere with to-night's journey. She is going to New York. It is a large city, and sho has been in it for a briof time ; she has no other object in selecting it. What sho will do when she gets there, she does not yet know. The night train leaves at seven ; it is not much past five now. What will she do in the P 'TVinn cIia pmVinrs lins 'DPO- mised to call and see Miss Hariott this evening, and she will keep her word. Surely Miss Hariott has not heard the vile nows yet ; she cannot, unless Longworth has gone and told hor, and sho does not think he is capable of doing that. Yes, she must see Miss Hariott once more, for tho last time. How very sorry she is to lose Miss Hariott's esteem, so good a woman, whose respect and affection aro well worth having. Sho shuts the door and walks slowly away. At the gate she pauses and looks back for a moment. The sombre Stone' House seems to stare at her frowningly out of its many glim mering windows, a scowl seems to darken its dull, gray front. Oh, ill-omened home into which she has been iorced, out of which she is driven a criminal and an outcast. One great heart-wrung sob breaks from her, then she hurries away, homeless, friendless, into the darkening night. ' CHAPTER XXVn. heine's knight. ? Miss Hariott sits alone, over a book. She is an inveterate bookworm, and heavy or light literature, according to her mood, is a like de voured and digested. Her book this evening is a novel, a new. and popular one, well and spiritedly written, and the thoughtful interest of the story absorbs her. She lays it down at last with a musing face. ' I know what Longworth will say about this book — that, looked upon simply as a story to while away an idle hour, it is well told and fulfils its mission ; that, looked upon as the teacher of any particular truth, it is a fail ure, and that he who reads will rise from its perusal, neither sadder or wiser than when he sat down. Well, why should he? The story is strictly moral, though it inculcates no espec ial moral, and my experience is, that the nev elist who sets out to preach a sermon through the mouths of half a dozen fictitious charac ters, spoils two good things — a sermon and a story. In the main, story-writers seem to understand that their mission is as much to amuse as instruct, to show us life as it is or might be, and for the rest say to us tactily; as Virgil to Darite. ' Let us not talk of these things — let us look and pass on !' The little cottage parlor is as it always is, cozy, homelike, warm and bright. The shine of the fire glints on the picture frames, sparkles on the keys of the open piano, and flashes on the pretty womanly nickknack^ scattered carelessly ever where. She gets up pushing aside book and work basket, walks to the window, and looks out at the dark and gusty evening. ' I wonder if my little queen is coming ?'. she thinks. ' Sho promised, and she invari ably keeps her word — rare and precious quality in young ladyhood. Something is the matter with the child, something more than ordinarily serious, something more than the going of this young Frenchman. Can «he and Larry have quarrelled ? But this is hardly likely, either — what is there to quarrel about ? She cares more for him than she is willing to own even to herself, and he, perhaps, is exacting. Ah ! I knew she would not fail ! I TT ? ? m ' JuLcIU bile lb I . » She hurries to the door and holds it open. Reine closes the gate and comes slowly tip the path, carrying a large hand-bag, her face so pale, her step so lagging and weary, that Miss Hariott knits her brows in anxious perplexity. | ' What on earth is the matter with tlie girl ?' she thinks. ' Has that gorgon of a grandmother been nagging the life out of her, or is it only the departure of Durand ?' She takes Reine in her arms, and kisses her cordially, looking searchingly into her face. ' ' Oh, rare pale Margaret !' You come gliding like a ghost out of the gloaming. How white and cold, and wretched you look ! Are you sick ? Are you worried ? What is it that troubles my queen ? Tell your fairy godmother.' But Reine only sinks in silonceinto a. chair, and lays her head in a tired, spiritless way against the cushion. ' Are you in trouble, dear ? I 'wish I conld help you — I wish you could tell me. Is it Trnnv o,rfjnrlmn'fllfiT» 'P TToo alio lioon you?' ' She would tell you I have been annoying her — something more than annoying her. Oh, Miss Hariott, dear and true frieild, I am in tronble — yes, my heart is almost broken, bit I cannot tell you. Where would be the use ? You could not help me — no one in tho world can. A little while ago, and it would be different — a few words might have cleared all up ; now it is too latej too lato forever. There are things one may forgive, but never, .never forgot. No,, do not look at me like that ; I cannot tell you indeed, and you could not help me if I did. There are some sorrows no one can help us to bear ; we must endure them alone. To-morrow you will know — every one in the town will know what has happened ; but to-niglit I do not want to speak or think of it. Let me sit here, and listen to you, and forget for a little if I can.' Miss Hariott looks at her, and listens to her in wonder and silence. Her words falter as she speaks them, her eyes are haggard—a white, spent look blanches her face. At last the lady of the house speaks, and the strong, practical common sense that is her leading characteristic marks every word. ' My dear child,' she says, briskly, 'there is an exhausted look in your face that I have seen before and recognize, and don't lite. Havo you had tea ?' . 'Tea?' Reine repeats, faintly ; 'no.' ' I thought not. Dinner?' ,C 'No.' ? tt ? :~ii. ? - J.U.IOS JLJ.Url. IU Lb bUtl Cb, | ' No dinner ! Breakfast ?' j; 'Yes— no— I forget,' tho girl answers, and puts hor hand to her head. ' No, I boliev? I have eaten nothing to-day.' ' Gracious powers !' cries Miss Hariolt and sits bolt upright in blank conBternatio^ ? ? ' no dinner — no breakfast— no ? ' She springs to her foot, opens the door, and calls loudly for Candace. That yellow familiar appears. ' Candace, is supper nearly ready ?' ' All ready, missis — table set and every thing.' ' Sot the table for two ; and, look here ! broil some steak — not too rare, mind — just slightly underdone. And make coffee — she prefers coffee. And don't bo five minutes about it. Miss Reino is hero, and has had no dinner.' Candace disappears. Miss Hariott returns, draws her chair close, and takes both the girl's hands in her own. ' Dear,' she softly says, ' arc you sure there is nothing I can do for you ? I want to do something so much. I am very fond of you, my little one. I suppose I was never meant to ho si iviffi. lmt T fsnrelv must have been meant for a mother. If I had a daughter, I do not know that I could be fonder of her than I am of you, and I would wish her to be exactly like you. Reine, if you aro unhappy at your grandmother's — and I know you are ? — leave her and come and live with me. Nothing would make me so happy. I have a' a thousand things to bo thankful for ; but I am a* woman alone all the same, and I am lonely often enough. Bo my daughter, -my sistor — anything you please. You know I love you, and I think you fire a little— just a little — fond of your old-maid friend.' ' ' My friend ! my friend !' Reine repeats and leans forward^ with filling eyes, to kiss her. ' What would my life have been here but for you ? Do not say any . more to me my heart is so full I cannot Dear it. I wish 1 mignt come, but 1 may not ; to-morrow you will know why. And when you hear all, do not think of me too hardly — oh, do not. for, indeed, I am not guilty ! Could I speak ' and betray my brother ? It is all very bitter — bitterer than death ; but the very worst of it all has been the thought that you may be lieve what they say, and think me the despica ble and guilty creature that they do.' ' Is her mind wandering ?' thinks Miss Hariott in dismay. But no, dark, deep trouble looks at her, out of those large, melancholy eyes, but not a delirious mind. ' I do not understand,' she says, per plexedly. ' What do you mean by guilt ? What do they accuse you of, and who are ' they ?' ' Ah ! I forget. You do not know, of course. Madame Windsor and Monsieur Longworth.' ' Longworth !' cries the other, indignantly. ' Do you mean to say Longworth accuses you, believe you guilty of any wrong ?' ' Do not blame him.' Reine says, wearily. ' How can he help it ? Everything is against me, and I can see nothing. Yes, he believes me guilty, and you like him so well that I fear he will make you believe me guilty, too.' ' If he were an angel, instead of a man, with his full share of man's blind selfishness, I would not believe one word against you. Believe ! I would not listen ! Have I not eyes have I not judgment, do I not know you well ? I would stake my life on your goodness and truth, though all the gossip of Baymouth stood up with one mouth and condemned you ! Oh ! Little Queen, my friendship is worth more than that ; one word from Longworth will not shake it. I see your ring is gone ; can it be possible that all is at an end between you?' ?' All !' is the dreary echo. ' Pince when has this been ? Did it happen to-day ?' The breaking of our engagement r Oil ! no, a week ago, before he went away.' ' And I knew nothing of it from' either of you ! Well ! and what was it all about ? Is Laurence Longworth going out of his senses ?' ' Coming into his senses, he might tell you. There is a Spanish proverb, 'A wise man changes his mind — a fool never,' Monsieur Longworth has simply shown himself a wise man, and changed his mind. Do not let us talk of it, madame. I am so weary and heart sick of it all.' There is a heart sob in every word. Miss Hariott starts up. « ' You shall not say one other word, you poor famished child. Oh ! what brutes, what blind, stupid idiots even the cleverest and best men can be ! To think of Longworth's doubt ing you ? ' ' Supper, missis,' says Candace, and Miss Hariott seizes her guest and leads her to the dining-room. Reine is famished, and does not know it until the fragrance of the coffee and waffles greets her. In the centre of the table the soft drop light burns ; meats, sweetmeats, tea and coffee, cake an-J, pies, Candace's masterpieces, are spread in tempting- array. ' Now,' exclaims the hostess, ' you are to eat every morsel of .this bit of steak, and these fried potatoes are things to dream of. And you are to drink two cups of coffee, and by the time that is done you will be a living, breathing beiug once more. No breakfast, no Jinner, no supper ! Here, you shall have a lioast : ' . ' Here's a health to all those that we love ! Sere's a health to all them that love us 1 , Here's a health to all those that love them that love those that love them that love those that love ua 1' . A faint laugh reward this quotation. Hearts may break, but mouths must eat, and Reine really feels -the n«ed of food for the first time to-day. Still her performance is eminently unsatisfactory to tlie giver of tho feast, who frowns as she sees her most tempting dainties pushed aside, almost untasted. ' A wilful girl must have her way, but if you want to come off victorions in any s truprgle of life, the first ingredient is a good appetite. Reine I wish you would remain with me. That big, uncanny house, and the oppressive ?mninafTT nf Ua „„„ _ ? 1__ .U,»JVUUJ, .iviniiig you uy inches. Stay -with me to-night at least.' ' I cannot, indeed. I am staying longer than I ought now. Will you pardon mo if I say good-night at once. I feel like a new being, strengthened and refreshed since I came here. You always do me good. I cannot say what I feel, but indeed I am most grateful.' ' Thore can be no question of gratitude be tween those who love, dear child — it is iriore blessed to give than receive in such cases. Will you indeed go?' 'I must. I have no choice in tho matter. If I had I would stay — oh ! how gladly — with you forever.' She rises and resumes her hat and jacket. Miss Hariott stands silent, watching her wist fully. She goes with hor, still silent, troubled, ? and perplexed to tho door. It is quito dark now, windless and warm, with the weight of coming rain in tho air. Here Reine pauses, holds out both hands, and looks up into the face of her friend. ' What shall I say to you, dearest, truest, best friend, of all that is in my heart ? I love you, I thank you, and even if, in spito of yourself, thev mako you think hardly of mo, I will never love you or thank you the less. Good- niglit and good-by — I like that English word good-by. Good-by, Marriane.' ' But only until to-morrow,' Miss Hariott says, in vague doubt and alarm. ' Come and spend a, long day with me to-morrow, and sing for mo your pot song, ' Normandie, ma, Nor mandie !' ' Reine smiles faintly. 'Ah ma Normandie. lJe pais revoir, ma Normandie.' It is a long time since I have snng tnac. Lrooa-oy, goou-uy ; id is ™ i was gone.' And then there is a kiss, and a moment later Miss Hariott stand* on her doorstep alone. She is puzzled, annoyed, indignant with Longworth and Mrs. Windsor, without quito knowing why. What does .it all mean? Some greattrouble has surely befallen her little friend. There is a look in her face to-riiglit she has never seen there beforo. Is it any thing connected with Durand. » Has he not gone ? She has forgotten to ask. To-morrow she will know all. All what? and where is the girl going at such haste now ? Will Long worth call to-night ? She hopes so ; ho will clear up this mystery, and she will be able to give him a piece of her mind. Just at pre sent Miss Hariott feels it would be an un spealcablo comfort to scold somebody. Dis satisfied, curious, troubled, she shuts the door, and goes baclc to solitude and her cheerful sitting-room. Reine meantime hurries on. Her way to tho station takes her past her church — a pale light glimmers inside, and she turns and goes in. One light only burns, the light of tne everlasting lamp, ana Dy its mny rays she sees half a dozen kneeling figures hero and there. But no one looks up, all are ab sorbed, and she glides without noise into a pew, and kneels down. Her prayer is word less, but none the less eloquent — the cry of a tortured, humbled, agonized heart needs no words. One is there who reads hearts. Miserere ! ' Miserere ! is the burden of that voiceless cry. All other help is unavailable He who listens here alone can help, and heal, and have mercy. In the office of the Baymouth Phoenix gas is flaring at five o'clock this dull afternoon; and the tide of business and printig flows on rapidly and ceaselessly. In the room the sub-editor, rather overworked during his chief's absence, is preparing to take an early departure, and moyes about, putting on hat and coat, singing a cheerful, though subdued, stave as he docs so. This is what Mr. O'Sullivan sings : ''Oh! whiatle, daughter, whistle, and you shall have a cow.' * I never whistled in my life and I can't whistle now.' ' Oh ! whistle, daughter, whistle, and you shall have a man.' ' I never whistled in my life — but I'll whistle if I . can. ' It's well to to be seen,' says Mr. O'Sul livan, in soliloquy, ' it isn't in the present day she lived, or it's the cow she'd have whistled for, not the man. If all I hear bo true — and it's little I know of them except by hearsay — it's more and more mercenary the women are growing. There is Mrs. Beckwith — sure she. makes no secret of what she married Beckwith tor. Iliere is Mrs. bheldon, doesn t all the world know she threw Longworth to the dogs for Sheldon because— oh ! faith, it's the cow they'd have whistled for, both of them !' Mr. O'Sullivan sallies forth, goes to dinner, at which meal Mr. Longworth does not appear, After dinner, and a moderate amount of time spent peacefully smoking to aid digestion, the sub-editor of the Phoenix starts off for his habitual constitutional — one of the prettiest walks, and that which he most affects, is the road which leads to the station. As he draws near the church, he espies in the obscurity a figure that has a vaguely familiar, air. In a moment he recognizes it — it- is Mademoiselle Reine Landelle. Is she going to church at this hour? There is nothing out of ? the common or surprising to O'Sullivan if she. is ; ho goes himself sometimes. But at the light of the street lamp burning in front of the building falls full on her face, ho pauses suddenly — its deadly paleness strikes liim. Obeying an impulse, he follows her in, takes his place in a pew near the door; where ho can watch her, himself unseen. He sees her kneel, bury her face in her hands, and so remain rigid and motionless a lnnn* ti'mn Hfliov nonjn ? ? ? ? ? J1 -''S jjriljjiiy cllOUUU him, but their attitude is not hers — hers suggests some deep trouble or suffering. Then she rises, and the next moment she has passed the pew where he sits and is gono. He gets up and follows her out, still obeying that uncontrollable impulse. It is too late.for her to be out alone ; the night is dark, the way lonely, and drunken men from North Baymouth are sometimes about. But she does not turn back to the town. She goes straight on, to his surpmo, in the direction of the station. He, too, goes on, with some curiosity in his mind, but with the still stronger instinct that sho is uprotected, and that it is his place, unobserved, to take care of her. She reaches the station, lighted and filled with staring loafers. Many eyes turn upon her, and O'Sullivan can see her shrink and tremble in sudden terror. Instantly he is by her side. Mademoiselle, ho says, taking off his hat. 'can 1 be of any service to you here ?? It's not a pleasant place for a lady to be in alone.' She turns to him and catches his arm with a look he never forgets, a look of infinite trust and welcome and relief.* ' Oh !' she says, ' it is you, monsieur ? Yes, I want a ticket for New York.' I am going away.' For an instant ho stands muto with amaze, looking at hor. Sho sees the look and answers it, a spasm of pain crossing hor colourless face. ' Oh, it seems strango, I know, alono at night, but I cannot help it. Something has happened, something very unpleasant, mon sieur, and I must go. Do get the ticket ; it is almost time for tho train to start.' Tho perspective faculties of tho man aro keen ; instantly he knows that she is flying from her grandmother's house, to return no more. Instantly, also, his resolve is taken — she shall not go alone. (To be continued .) 