SPARKS. Court. ?The Queen.1 Ritious behaviour. H-*oliean-' before the court. Point Pa-s sp ris on Maj 24; WiMouie on June 21. G«-i FRED GeBHARDT's Prices for catering CrTea Meetii.gs.* M. C Jemison is determined to make peop'e learn right from wrong. Mr. Holder is acting Attomey-G. neral in ibe absence of the Pitmit-r. Billy Russell going to inspect tbe far north. He ought 10 go to world's end. Maliel Bradley was brought to Burra from the Adelaide Reformatory School. The income tax will draw one or two of our residents to Adelaide this -week. It is anticipated that the Hospital troub e will break out again when Parlian.ent meets. Artist : I should like to paint your wife.' — Hu-band ; It isn't necessary ; she attends 10 that.' Mr. Edwards, of Sydney; will defend Builer in his appna-hing trial. He is still hop--ful of success Cyclists must bear in mind that it is imper a'ive that they should carry a lamp and bell at night time. Jack Kennedy's Hotel at Coolgardie has l-een destroyed by fare. Damage valued at 4i$.o0d. The West Australia revenue for April was ^237,660 against £8.015 for the same month of last year. Owing to the success which has attended Fitzgerald's citcus in ihe western colony the managns have decided to prolong their tour. Mr. Thomas Jeffs, of Kapunda, bas de cided not to conieM the election of ibe Legis lative Council for the North Eastern district. Great Scot ! a strike of Chinese furnituie makers has occurred in Melbourne. John de mands £z $s per week, 'allee sa.ne Eng'ish man!' Tommy : Pop, when an elephant falls down in the Z ?--, h»w do they get him up again ? Tommy's Pop : I suppose they go 10 the biid hni-se and get a crane. Tourist (up in tbe lumber region) : There tloeMi'i seem to he much to see up here. Practical Resident : No ; tut there's lots tn draw. Miss Passe : Sir, do you mean *o cast re flections on my age ? Colonel Clement : Madam, it would be qui e impossible. You ktep it too dark. She : Do you suppose his wife really sup ports him? He: I judge so. He told me he didn't know what real happiness meant until after he g»t married. Mrs. Kidleigh: Y«-u knew ihat Charlie Van Tassel came home disgusted from ihe gold cure? Mrs. Joliop: Well, it's not surprising. He's a free silver man, you know. 'Weaiy. oid ye notice by ih! papers thai th- usan's of men wuz goin* !-ack to work ? 'Well, that'll be a good thing for our biz ness.' 'How so?' 'It reduces competition.' 'Those South Americans are so high strung that they want to fight on the smallest provo canon.' Crankshaft : High ge? red, I should judee from the numlier of revolutions they make. Bikes : So you saw a ghost ? Did be say anything to you ? Sikes : Ves, bus I couldn't understand him. Bikes : W hy ? Sikes : Because I never studied the dead languages. A leap year wife, who proposed and was ac cepted, applied to a magistrate fnr a separation two months after marriage. There are others, however, who are well satisfied with their match. Messrs. Crompion & S»n report on May IO that tbe May series of London wool sales have opened 't a somewhat lower level than ibe closing rates of the last auction. The Ameri can demand bas very much slackened, hence the fall. 'Those Chicago woman keep a fel ow guess ing.' 'What is so mysterious about them ? *WV1I, do they pet married in order to secure divorces,cir do iht-y stcure divorces in order to get married. A wi man named Mrs. Maloney 'brew .her self inn. a fire at Sydney lircause her hus'*nd cut off bei fringe to prevent hrr fritro a lending dances. The unfoitunale woman died fiom the effects of the burns. A Recommendation.— Mrs. Cogie : 'Ay, that's the new doctor, mem ; an' IVn sure it wad be an awlu' kindness V y- gird him a » it trial. He had a heap o' patients when he c me first, but noo they're a' deid. Lady (a widow) : Do you know my daughter is quite smitten with you, Herr Muller? Gent (feeling flattered) : Realy now ? Lady : A fact. She was saying to-day, *I should like that gentleman for my papa.' \- .Husband t ;-* ' It ; 5*y* here ihat an jeroneot ^ German physician Mates that woman jerjjmre o»«Tf serp than -men. — Wife -i. J^q« v^|«i :7 desd ?— Husiiaiid : Yes, I tttnV ^ibM belter not sit up lor me to night, my dear. : 