A STIRLINGSHIRE PLOUGH- MAN'S STORY. We were gathered round the bothy fire one cold winter night when the conversation turned on ghosts Each member of the company had some thrilling tale to tell, either of his own ex- perience, or that of someone else, and when it came to Bob Morris' turn he remarked, " I sup- pose, boys, none of you over heard me tell of my experience ?" " Never," we chorused. " Let's hear it, Bob ?" and he begin as follows :— " Some fifteen years ago I was serving at Bankend, on the west side of Denny I was second man on the farm, and shared the bothy with two other young fellows, and a harem- scarum set we were ; few ploys occurred in the district that we had no hand in. How well I remember the midnight raid we planned on an old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood about half a mile from the farm The night selected was well suited for our purpose, there being no moon. Reaching the garden, we scaled the wall, and in a short time had our pockets well lined with apples, besides filling a small sack, when the owner of the vineyard suddenly appeared. Bob Jones, who was on the top of the wall with the bag, dropped safely on the other side, and we lost no time in following. " But the old fellow was not to be done so easily, and we soon discovered he was on one track. About half-way to the farm we came upon an old deserted mansion called Rowan- bank, which stood by the side of the road, and had the reputation of being haunted. Never very particular at any time we were less so now, and had scarcely concealed ourselves in one of lower rooms when the old fellow came puffing up. He paused irresolutely opposite the house, apparently uncertain whether we might not have taken refuge there. Just then a blood- curdling yell issued from the building, and he immediately took to his heels and away back the road be came. " You will suppose, no doubt, that we were convulsed with laughter at this, but, if so, you were never more mistaken. We crouched in a corner of the room too terrified to move. Sud- denly, without warning, an inner door opened and a tall white figure bearing a lighted lantern, appeared on the threshold. This was too much, and with a wild rush we reached the window, and tumbled out. Quickly regaining our feet we struck a bee line for the farm, arriving there without mishap. " Next day we heard that ' Daft Jack,' the village ' natural,' was boasting how he had frightened some chaps at the ' big hoose ' the night before, and we were inclined to believe his statement, when, on investigation, we found that the bag of fruit left behind in our hurry had disappeared. As we had a two- fold object, however, in keeping silent on the subject, Jock was allowed to remain master of the situation. 