LADY TREVOR, He handed several slips of paper to the earl, and presently took his leave. He started for Paris the next morning, while the old marquis, the young earl, Mr. Barker, and, Mr. Crafton proceeded to work out the clues he had given. All were alike unsuccessful. The detective returned, reporting that the young lady whom lhe.had sought in Paris was an art strident, and the daughter of a London surgeon. But his courage remained. He had some new ideas to work out, and was s till hopeful of speedy success. The advertisements were continued in changed forms. Those so deeply interested in Cecil's fate continued their indefatigable research. November gave place to December, January followed, and blustering March suc ceeded, and still Cecil was not found. More than one detective officer was now employed in the case, which had become famous in police annals, a dozen theories had been formed and worked to unsatisfactory con elusion, but all the combined acumen had failed to throw any light upon the -young girl's fate. It was late in' March when the Earl of Glenham, haggard and thin, hollow-eyed, and with stern-set lips, presented himself at .the St. Leonards house in Park Lane, at another meeting like that' we have described. He was ushered into the library, and' the old marquis arose and silently extended .his hand. ' I received a letter from the detectives this morning, desiring me to meet them here this' evening,' said the earl, 'Can it be that they liave discovered something at last ?' ' I fear nott yet let us hope while we may,' said the .old lord: 'I've got a new trouble, Gordonl I heard the other day a repetition of the old rumor that Lady Trevor iitcnds to marry Mr. Pulford, her hanger-on, the devoted friend of her dissolute husband ! I wrote to her immediately. She answers that the story is false, yet I know that Pulford has boasted recently that lie will be married to her within a month. " I fear that there is more truth in the report than Edith will admit. Is your mother still in the country I' The earl replied in the affirmative. Mr. Crafton came in and was quickly followed by Mr.' Barker, and the detective officers. 'We desire to render our report, my lords,' said Mr. Martin, the first detective employed. ' "You have good news at last ?' cried the earl. 'Mr. Martin's face grew despondent. I iam sorry to say that we have no news whatever,' he replied. 'The young lady has been missing nearly six months. We have 'explored Great Britain and the Continent, but can find no trace of her.' I may say that we have left no stone unturned in the search for her. We have scoured London. We have hunted in every likely and unlikely spot. The books of intelligence offices, governess-offices, fancy-work shops, every place where she might have been, have all been examined. You will find in these documents our accounts for moneys ex pended. The sums are large, but they have been well-employed.' 'I will give you a cheque to cover them tivice over,' said Lord Glenham. ' And now what.do you propose to do next ?' S aThe officers exchanged glances. Mr. Martin then replied: ' Well, you see, my lord, wve have reached the end of the rope. There is nothing re mains to:be done.' "' Do you mean that you abandon the case '' 'No, my lord, if you want the whole ground gone over again. But for what good,' demanded Mr. Martin, impressively. ' It's my opinion, and it's the opinion of us all, "that there has been foul play somewhere, arid the-young lady and her servant have lijoth' been murdered. Such being our belief owe could'nt in. conscience ..takeo your money and. ' linger out 'a 'search which is perfectly useless. And so, my lord, we give up the case. The ' poor young lady is nowhere on earth, or we'd:have found her. :::Lord Glenham drew a cheque for the amoint. he had mentioned, and attempted "to reason with Martin.; but that officer's convictions could not be shaken. The deotectiv;os presently took their leave, and the four gentlemen gazed at each other in 'blank dismay. .:The' case never looked to me absolutely h:opeless until now, when the detectives have ;ev? n it up,' said the young earl, in a hollow :?ice., ' And now,. indeed, I feel that gloom: w tvhich' is the very. blackness of darkness. 'Oh ! Cecil ! Cecil ! where are you ? Is it !'truef that she is dead, in her youth and ,beauty, and goodness ? Dead ! I won't .b?elieve it ! Dead? Olh ! pitying Heaven, it i :.si?only. too possible !' CHAPTER XXIX. Upon the north-west coast of Scotland, in a .egion of utter wildness and savageness, 'over ;vliich broods eternally an aii of awful desobltioii, a dreary promontory pushes itiselfboldly out into the seething sea, like ?.th6 head of some huge and terrible monster. ::This promontory is known as Black Its precipitous side rises steeply from the ocean to a height of several hundred feet, ' and.in its many jagged crevices the eider ,iucksbreed unmolested by cven the most "adventurous hunter. Sea-gulls circle about its. top, filling the air with their wild :s?reams, adding their share to the weird stranigescss of the scene. 'Black Rockl is far remote from all the haunts of men. The nearest cluster of fisheormen's huts, or shepherd's cabins, is maoy, many miles away.. No adventurous tourist ever treads the dangerous mountain Spasses that lead to Black Rock; no guide :book even containes its name. It is supposed to le out of the pale of of Ihuman seeking, and even the fishernsmo upon the coast give it a ewide blerth, bIecause of the treacheorous, Sliidden rocks outlying it, their pointed, jagged tops, lilke shal1r's teeth, ever gaping :for prey. *' 'Yt, despite the terrible loneliness of a Ssliot so forsaklen 13y man, and apparently forgotten by its Crcator,; a house stands upon tlo summnit of Black Rock-a long, low, gray stone house of rambling slhape, .iuvith a talllookout tower commanding a maginificent view of tihe sea. ThIe house is hidden in a thick growth of shrubby pines 'and hemlocks, so as scarcely to be seen from 'the sea, or even flromn the luand until one stands at its very portal. The old house of Black Rock has a tragic history in keepiig rith its surroundings. A powerful highland family once. dwelt within its wralls. This fansily became reduced in size as in power until, at last, t,-tiro brothers, the last of their race, only .reomained to keep the old hearthstone warm. These brothers, born in one .hour, and devotedly attached to each other, as' twins are apt to be, fell both in love Swith the same lady, a beautiful Low land heiress, She played fast and loose with them, and secretly engaged herself to both. With the sew love came a breaking up of the old. Jealousy crept in and made a wide breach between 'the two young men who had never 1uefore in all their lives k?nowun an hom's alienation. The younger son, fiery, impetuous, and passionate, yet withal noble and tender hearted, retired to the wild Highland fast ness, confident of the faith of his betrothed, and meditating upon schemes of reconciling his brother to his expected marriage. That brother remained in Edinburgh, and paid such assiduous court to the Lowland heiress that she, discovering him .to he the heir of his ancestral estates, yielded to his pleadings and became his bride. No intimation of the marriage was sent to the young and trusting lover at Black Rock. The happy husband, unconscious of the treachery of his bride, planned to surpiise his brother, and bought and fitted up a beautiful yacht, in which he sailed with his false young bride for his northern eyrie. In those days the place lacked 1nuch of the desolation of the present time. A score of Highland servants, trusted old -retainers, who were in reality humble friends of the family, filled the servant's hall. The stables contained many horses of rugged Highland breed. Boats filled the little harbor shel tored by the promontory. Guests thronged the great halls and quaint, low drawing-rooms, coming many Slays' journey and often remaining months at a time. The gardens were bright with bloom during the brief summers, and all the year round the Black Rock conservatories held a wealth of tropical blossom and verdure in striking contrast to the rugged native productions. To this home the favoured older l1rother. brought his wife. The yaelit'sailed into the little harbor one summer afternoon near the hour of sunset, and the gay lridal party, numbering a score of persons, came swarm ing up the cliff bythe flight of steps cut in the rocks. They were met at the main entrance, upon the very threshold, by the deceived. yosuiger twin. The elder gaily introduced his wife. , The younger stood appalled like a statue of marble. But as he compre hended the whole fatal truth, how he had been tricked and deceived by the smiling coquette he had so trusted, passion over came the love of a lifetime, a very whirlwind of fury seized his soul. He leaped backward, , caught from the wall of the great hall a sword his grand father had wielded in some memorable battle, tore it from its scabbard, and hurled himself upon his brother. Before the horrified spectators could recover from the stupor of amazement that held them en thralled, the hapless bridegroom fell to the floor, literally hewn to pieces. The murderer, horror-stricken at his crime, backed his way to the edge of the cliff, protecting his retreat with the dripping sword, and hurled himself over the precipice into eternity. His mangled corpse was found among the rocks and buried with a stake driven through its breast. The bride became a hopeless maniac, and lingered out her long life in a padded cell in an insane asylum at Edinburgh. The scene of the tragedy was abandoned by the old retainers, the old house was closed, and only one old couple were found- to re main upon the estate. They dwelt in a hut near.the great house, but were careful never to visit it after nightfall. The property reverted to a distant con nection of the family who was wealthy and never visited his new acquisition. The fields and pastures went to waste, the Highland cattle grew wild and fierce, the gardens became a wilderness, and" the old stone dwelling began to show signs of age. Fifty years had passed since the date of the tragedy, and the scene of long-past gayety had become what we have described. The old house was believed to be haunted by the spirits of the two brothers, and' in fishers' hamlets, fifty miles down the coast, the story of the last of the Catlhcairns was told in slhuddering whispers, in the Gaelic tongue, about the smoking peat-fires on wintry nights, and when a wilder blast of wind than usual blew in from the Atlantic, the simple peasants half-believed' it the wail of these lost souls. The old couple who had dwelt in the hut, and taken some care of the estate, had re moved to the southward when the infirmities of years crept on, and had died there. No one had ever been found to take their place, but the tradition of the spot sufficed to pro tect tihe house and its contents from depre dation and even from visits. From one year's end to the other, no one ever came by sea or land to desolate Black Rock, upon which so heavy a -curse seemed to have fallen. SBut-fishermen, occasionally sailing at a distance from the promontory, told of spectral lights that burned on dark nights in the old tower, and snrmised that the ghosts of the Cathcairns would never know rest while one stone of the old structure remained upon another. The time in which we introduce the old house to the attention of the reader, is a blustering afternoon in that very month of March, when - the London detectives announced to Lord Glenham their belief that Cecil Rosse was dead and that further search for her would be time lost. A faint smoke was curling from one of the chimneys of the Black Rock drelling. At a small mullioned window of the third story of the towe;r, a girl stood looldking out over the tops of the scrubby pines at the sea. - , • " The panes of glass were small and diamond-shaped, and heavily set in lead, in ancient fashion. The girl's face, wan and wistful, was pressed close against the window, while her eager, mournful eyes surveyed the scene with intense dreariness. Thie sea, a leaden surfacedlashed tO awhite fury-by the March wind, was nearly hidden by-a thickl white whirl of falling.snlow. The girl who gazed so wistfully out into the storm was no ghost of a perjured onquette, but a living reality. She was slender and graceful as a willow, with a. yuthful majesty of bearing as remarkable- as it recedered hler distinguished. Despite - her :pallor and thilnness, her splendid young beauty was unmarred in a single line or feature, The red-brown air with a golden shimmer upon its loose waves, her red-browbli eyes with a golden glint in their depths; renmind ing one of a vellow star reflected froimn a clear deep well, the tender, sensitive, lovely young mouth, the fairness, the sweetness, the unfaltering courage shown ic look and attitude--surely these were the features and attributes of the lost youmlg girl for whom so cany hlad searched so long and vainly ! The girl was Cecil Rosse. The room was large and long, and was connected by a half-opiel door with a ecoind chamber of similar size. Thlere were four or five wrindows, all oveh' looking the sea. There was a wide aed yawning fire,-place, large as a small roomn, A fire of logs blazed in it. The floor was covered with a heavy but faded old carpet that had done good service sixty years before. A half-dozen, old-fashioned, straight backed chairs, and sofas of similar pattern, with a lady's work-table, a writing- table, and various other conveniences for lady-like employment, comprized the fueniture. The low walls were hunig witll anciecnt tapestry of Frenccl manufacture, and- of great ago. These hllanging hlad formerly adecorated the drawineg-room; but had been removed to this chamber for greater con venience of repair. A high chair stood before a section of tapestry that had been enclosed in a small embroidery frame. A needle threaded with red wool was thrust into the canvas. A second high .chair close to thea other sup ported a basket of gay balls, of.:wool a cushion for ndedles; and other appinrtenances for sewing. Cecil had been hard --atr·work until the waning light had compelled lier td 'cease from her toil. She had been steadily at work for months upon her- task of renova tion, and was physically tired, but the wistfulness of sadness of her face indicated a depression of spirits also that wais 'even harder to bear. The history of her sojourn at Black Rock House can be briefly told. The yacht that Mr. Pulford had chartered for his villainous purpose had made a long voyage up the .western coasts of England and Scotland, encountering much bad weather, during which Cecil and old Gretchen kept their berths, and had finally come to anchor about midnight one starlit night in Black Rock Harbor. Miss Rosse, Gretchen, and Maria, the Portuguese stewardess, had been hurried ashore and piloted up to the house, which was found to be tenanted by two.persons, a married couple, newly arrived, and .to be opened and aired for occupancy. Miss Rosse and her servant believed thimselves at .Greycourt, in" Yoikshiie.; rT)hsoc?fiipantsof tfle liouse profited:lby:their iglnorance anid lidinot undeceive them. The. -new-codieerss were shown to the roomsin i'the tower that had been hastily fitted uip for them, and Maria established herself as bMiss Rosse's especial servant and keeper. The yacht sailed away before daybreak, and headed for Holland, according to Mr. Pulfoird's instructions. Mr. Pulford had improved upon his original plan and bought the yacht outright at half its value. When the vessel arrived at Amsterdam he' was there to meet it. The seamen who had been employed upon it were nearly all foreigners. He discharged them, and noted with satisfaction that they shipped in a body the next day upon an East Indiaman, which' found itself short handed on the very eve of a voyage to Java. The ship sailed, and Mr. Pulford hired a suf ficient crew to convey the yacht back to London, where he succeeded in selling it within a month of its return. The couple who were found in charge of Black Rock House were an elderly and avaricious pair, who had done Mr.. Pulford mucti'tdc vich'it'days gone by and who were too deeply in his power to gainisay his com mands. As they were to be well. paid, for the work in hand, and as the man was being eagerly sought for by the police upon some criminal charge, their retirement to this soli tude was regarded by them as an especial instance of good fortune, of which they were more than prompt to take advantage. Miss Rosse and her servant were treated with consideration and kindness by Mr. and Mrs. Jarvis, as well.as by Maria, the Portu guese woman, and not the faintest suspicion that they were actually prisoners crossed the minds of the pair. Many things seemed strange.to them ini their new residence, and in the conduct and appearance of their attendants; but Cecil, who was keeiser=iwitted than Gretchen, was top occupied iWith'herswork to pay much heed to these indications. At first the girl had been delighted with the wildness and savage grandeui of the scenery, but when winter came with its furious northern blasts and driving storms the terrible loneliness of the place oppressed her. She began to be tired of the ceaseless roar of the waves as they beat against Black Rock, and to long for the sounds of humai life, the noise of city streets, the sight of more.pleasant faces than those that met her gaze in this strange new existence. She had made the best of her sojourn in the remote IIighlands, having taken long walks every dclay whe the weather allowed, attended by Gretchen and Maria, but there were weeks together when the high drifts of snow and tempestuous winds kept her within doors, to the detriment of her health and spirits. She was still looking out of the window when the door was opened and Gretchen came in. 'It's a wild night, Miss Cecil,' said the old peasant woman. 'The sea beats against the rocks like the tolling of a funeral bell. And the snow is whirling in great drifts Therei'll be no walking for a fortnight. : ' Cecil turned about abruptly. 'Don't prophesy such teirrible things; Gretchen,' she said. 'I could not endure to remain here another fortnight.: I am' axious to return to London.' ' And so am I, my pet,' said the old ser vant, affectionately. 'Haven't I seen you pine and chafe at this prison-like place, -al though you are too brave and: patient to say one word against it ? How comes on the, work,?' 'It will be done to-inorrow night. After nearly six months of constant labour, the task will 'be finished in a few hours.' 'And well. finished too, Miss Cecil. You have faded your wools in the sun to make them matell theses faded tints, and you've fitted in your bIits of canvas as if they had grown there, and you've designed figures to fill up tlihe: missing places, aid evexn Lady Trovor herself would be puzzled to find the places where the hloles were. Her ladyship .will pay you a good price, but you'll earn the money, I'll say that. 'It has been a hlard winter's work, ebut I shall not regret our coming if we can get his ay soon,' said Miss Rosse. 'Ihadformied :.u, .different .deas, of.,Yorkshiree. iok us many days to reach this place-'' .. ... SBecauseO we were driven out of our course by bad weathdr,' interrupted Gretchen, giv 'ing ethe captain's false excuse for the longe voyaige. SAnxd this house is not at all like my idea of an English country seat, said inexocenet Cecil. ' It'might be delightful: in summer, but it is terrible in wister. We e have been storm-bound for monthls. We have nsever seen a hunman-being since we came here ex cept the three belonging to the house. We might as well be on a rock in mid-ocean, we are so cut off from all intercourse with the world. And these grim and awful mountains shlutting us in upon the landward side, and the grips and awful sea hemmineg us in on tile witer side, make the spot scema natural prison. Yorkshire is very different from tihe description of itin ithe geographies. The scenery and the climate, the loneliness and desolation, correspond to my ideas of life near the North Pole.' ' ldosn't know anything abouit geoglaplies Miss Cedil5' ?xesponeded thie , old peasant woman, ' but I wisl we wecre back in London, or in our own dear Blick Forest, The letters you'vewritten this wiriter to Mrs. Thomas, and tile new Herr Peastor at Zorlitz, and thiat I wrsote to that kind IMr. Crafton, hlave never bceen scet, biecause Mr. Jarsnis has not been ,able to leave this place over a day ata time. I notice that Mrs. Jarvis called this estate Black Rockl the othler day, instead of Grey comet. She told me that it was known ase Black Rock before Lady Trevor bought it, and I thought the old name the most ap proprite.'n "I think so, too,' said Cecil. ' How dark its growing i Ring for lights, Gretchen.' The young girl took a last look into the wild darkness witlhout, but the sea was no longer visible. She could not distinguish the whirling gusts of snow, and the sky was hidden from h9?i keenest glances. G setellisi rpis fdi'lights; iand Maria brought, utp.two tall 'wax candled, which she deposited, on the high 'iithitcdlpiecc. T'e' Portiguiese' woman tien drew out a small, iounsd table which she pi'oceeded t6 lay for supper. ' How conies on the embroidery, Miss I'. she inquired; in broken English, as she went on with her task. 'It will be done to-nmeiow, replied Cecil. ' And I must start forLouldontheo:day after.' ' Oh, impossible l' exclaimed Mhria. ' The. roads:wiill'b- impassable for two weeks at least:' ' Then I must signal the- first "fishing-boat I see,' declar?d Miss Rosse. ' I cannot stay, here longeor My friends will be anxious about me. Some fishing vessel will carry me' down the codt to thiie nearest town, I know' Maria's swarthy visage darkened" visibly. ' You'd better be content, Miss,' she re plied, in' a constrained voice. 'You'll have to stay a morith or two, at the least-' 'I will not., 'If I cannot get away by boat, I'll try the road to the nearest house,' said Cecil, bhaving not the faintest suspicion of how ma inymiles lay-between Black Rock and the ' ncarest Ihouse.' 'Gretchen and I caiiot diidure this'solitude longer. I shall e00 Mr. Jarvis to-morrow. He must contrive some plan to convey us to the nearest townl .this very week.' A tap at ttih door announced the presence of Mrs: Jarvis: Maria obeyed the summons, receiving from the housekeeper a tray loaddd with food 'of:exellesit quality, well-cooked and well-served.. A venison-steak, steaming hot, a" pot of fragrant: tead, hot roasted potatoes, acnd.lrispp buttered toast made nli a repast sufficient iii qeuantity for two persons. Meiss Ross'e dismissed: Maria, and was waitecd upoi by Gretclien, who jealously re fused to alloils the Portuguese to wait upon her young mistress at the table or the toilet. 'Venison-steak needs currant jelly,' said the old peasant woman, who had learned many things, besides a tolerable knowledge of the English language, during her stay at Black Rock. ' I wonder Mrs. Jarvis forgot it. I'll go and get it!"' . Unheeding Cecil's remonstrance, she bur ried.out. She came back five minutes lat&i; pale and excited, trembling like a leaf, and having a most mysteriouis air. ": " 'Hush !' she whispered, lioldinig up one finger warmiigly 1' ollow me,' M'iss: Cecil: Throis yoir cloak ovi5 youyour shoiilders,, for the halls are fssllE ofdrlan hts'. You under stand'Einglish so isel?i' thati you will know what they mean better than I." Come, Miss Cecil.' For the' Lord's sake,. dont't stop to question. Theie's something up--there's something terribly wrong going on-and we must find"out what it is.'. ' CHAPTER XXX. TeRE was semethiing so startled and start ling in the iisniner of old Gretchesn that Miss Rosse was seized with a qutick and vivid alarm. Sh6 arossimmediately, not stopping to question the old woman, anid received from her servant's hands her large cloak; which she gahtloired abiut her shoulders. ' Follow me, iss Cecil;' said" Gretchen. 'Not .a evosrir,bBe silent as death-but come!' . The old woman opened the door and led the way ilito theo hall. "They glided ealong over the sto.oflodgir the cold gasts of wind that traversed the corrsidrs 'striluig aa chill to Cecil's bones.,. Gretchen conductgqd hei yotung' mistress down it flglitdf nariro storei Steps through a lower corridoi j dowsn anothedi flight of. steps, and thu~h abulong stone passage in which impenPtrable, darkness reigned. Cecil clung to her old seridant as they sped on to gether. ''Where arcd ve going I' ihispered the young mistress at last, beginmiiug' to recover from the vague tdrror that had renderedlher so quietly obedient to Gretchliei's will. * To the kitchen2-the servant's hlall ': ' Hush !' said the old woman, in awarning whisper. :' Here we are!' They had arrived ,before , the iiassive, oaken door leading to the kitchen. Gretchen stooped and peeped tlirutgl'thb .key-hole. Then, arising she gently pressed hr nmistress t6 occupy her place: ' Lbok !' she whispered. Cecil involuntarily obeyed.. Looking throughli itatenmnse and ancient keyhole, slilc8hlelF the intdrior'of the large, lobikitdhen, si }Wit e':ltsreit' "fir?p!ade filled wiith blazing' logs, its dreser !ladon with dishes and tins, and a table fin the' glow ,of the firelight, upons which was, spread a bountiful supper. Around the table was gathered Mr. and Mrs., Jarvis, and Maria, the Portuguese woman. The husband and wifs.were by no means a prepossessing-lookiilg pair. The former was a man of middle-age, with a square-built, heavy frameo,'iith brawny arinms dispropor tionately long, and with a bullet-head set upon a short, thick neck." He looked rough and coarse iind brtital, and his mental' and moral characteristics corresponded with his external appearance. Mrs. Jaryso:icas also middle-aged, and heavily built." She had more natural refine ment than hld liusbansd, and .her intellect was also euperior to his in strength and keenness.' But' morally she was ino better than hle. The two had sprung from tlhe lowest class:offLondon life, and werB familiar with crime.: ; The three had evidently finislhed: their repast. "Th'4Poiotuguese woman was leaninsg bthe.Up.xclb s ,s)pou c.ho talsle, addryissig- her -65i'itii hsiiii'? t5'? `'go0d: En;gliul, she lsaviiig acquired considerable facility in the use of that tongue since her arrival at Black Rock. Miss Rosso was about to riise and withdraw from tlhe contemnplation of this scene, with a sense of rising iildignation against Gretchen for so necdlesqly alaruming her, wrhesn her old servant, divining her intention, hlold hler in her place w~tl a deteriniued liand. In thi same instant Maria's voice pene trated to the young lady's cars. 'The trouble we've so lon," looked forward to is close 'at hand,' Maria s sibilant tones mwere saying. "You may sneer at me if you will, but I ipeat-- this quiet young lady, with her soft and gentle ways, is liklely to be a ivry troublesoame customer. Once let her suspect the truth, and we shlll have our hands full !' ' She necdns'tsusyett'tlhe truth for'a month yet,' olbserved Al's. Jarkis. ' Ono storm will succeed anotlher, the roads will continueimn passable, and hlier going can be put off upon excuses she will have to accept.a's reason able.' , . hPt shle pmeans to signal a bat' . "'VWe'i s?pp venict tl'itl said.,Mr. Jitk'i4 with'.-i s-oi?gls ?aths 'TherciUe f i cried Marsia.: 'If you prse Ivent the signal, how ar'e you going to keep friom her the fact that she is a prisoner I' Cecil started. What - onld they mean i ''Well,' respondeld -Mrs. Jarvis,. coolly, ' if sae forces us to tell her the truth, let tie truth he spoken. As well first as last. SWons't she open hier eyes when sle finds that she ain't at Greoycourt at all, nor in York shire-as shle couldn't have been imposed on only for being a foreigner--and that this is not Lady Trevor's house, and that her embroidery, work has all been a humbug.' 'And that she has been a prisoner all these months while she thought herself so free;'.said Maria: Cecil Rosse was appalled. That some piece of, villainy was in progress, and that she was its initended victim, forced itself on her cocivictions. She elung to the door-knob, leaning liii:i it:heavily. . i .It's,the rummiest piece of business I ever enilged.l in,;' observed Mr,' Jarvis. ' Here we vo lkept watch all these months over a young asoman as never imagined she was a prisoner, and has took her walks along of a keeper-you, Maria--never suspecting your real character.. Lor', if that youhg woman knew who we really is, she'd jest faint with horroi. Her deliket stomach couldn't stand the shock.' ' 'And"sutch a winter as we have had!' exclaimed. Mrs. ;Jarvis, discontentedly. SSnow and ice and wind till I am that sick of. them all I should prefer Botomy Bay: If we had that big isum of money as is promised us, we could go wherever we liked, we could settle that there business of yours, Jarvis; with the police, and, live like kings-that's wsat we could !' ' Yes,.but the big sum of money as you speak of,' rdsponded'Jarvis, 'only comes on oie condition.' \- And that condition is: the' girl's death !' said Mrs. Jarvis, in a. low, suppressed voice ,mhich yet- distinctly reached, the ears of the histeners.,t: s. : :., Cecil stood as if petrified. There was a deadly meaning in the looks and tones of thie three, plotters-a,:horrible earnestness that would not' permit her to doubt, that .they were speaking words 'of truth. Bult what was this frightful conspiracy against br. ? Did some one seek hei- liberity, anld evehcher life ? A cold sweat sprang out upon n or face. Her heart seem to cease beating. Yet" her hearing, preternatuirally quickened, heaid all that followed. 'If I get the sum that's promised me,' said Maria, her greasy 'dark .face full .of scheming, 'I shall go back to6 my own country and buy a house and keep a servant and live like a lady.. And I shall smaake a good marriage with that dowry. I wish the girl was dead.' 'So do I!' said Mrs., Jarvis, sullenly. ' Her life is all that stands betiseen me and .what I most desire'!' 'I suppose you. know as that life' is a. sm'all.obstacle,' said Mrs. Jarvis.. ' Avery small obstacle, indeed. - And our employer, hesvwants.her dead.. What's to hinds' 'iti - 'ficilithtin' natur, so to speak ?' .. ' Thb tliisee.looked at each other with: evil significance. Gretchen clutched her young mistress by the sihoulder withli an unconsciously fierce grip. ' Well,' said Mrs. Jarvis, slowly, 'it is the spirit of our employer's words, if not the letter of 'em, to hurry up her death. We've done worse things, Jarvis, nor that.' 'I am willing' said Maria,. eagerly ' I want my money. 'With that for;a dowry I can marry a mant I knoiw- aid set up a cabaret. I'd buy the house, and be mistress of it. I've got it all .planned, .and to: be kept here.by a slender girl-a mere baby in strength --bah ! "ivorn't-stand it, if you do !' ;'We ain't so.exactly anxious to foolaaway time liere neither, ,said Jarvis. 'Why, the gal.mpay live years if left to herself. Them 'slenderruns is the very scratch for hanging on to life sometimes.e Aiid she's a strorig-. willed uti"as brave as a lion.- I've seen it in -ber-oyes. ' .. . 'After yto u've: taked a glass too :..n ueh;, said his wife, with a sneer. '.We are all. agreed as?oe couldn't stand another winter here ' 'We are I' said the others,, in a breath:.. 'And we're agreed as.we'd like oui money immediateo?' ... are ' . .: 'Thliei;," said Mrs. Jarssvis, '?loi' are we going to. git it:. Howe shall we get'iidbof the girl . How shall we compass her death 1' ' Gretchen. leaned: morde heavily, upon her young mistress; breathing hiard. : ' lush l' nmuttered M iai . ' What's 'thait 'noise 1' They all listened. A silence likes that of death reigned. ' It must have been a rat,, said -Jarvis. ' There's awful rats in this office, big enough to eat.up.a cat. • I wish my hounds outside. w:as rat-terriers; tlhen you'd'see sport.' M' iss Rosse is safe in her room; eating her vension steak,' 'said :Mrs. ,Jarvis,:: 'acd planning her signals, or packing her' trink. o6i?i to .thinilk'= a human being in this.here nineteenth 'deotury can be so unsuspicious like, and liosiest and baby-like as she is, is vwonderfiul. .She was brought up lamong peasants in a black; forest somewherts, and that. German creetur is as stupid as a' cow. Don't know beans !' 'But.we'll have to get rid of her 'along with her missus,' said Jarvis. ' Old Gretchen is a cow as I shouldn't wish to leave alive to tell tales on us.' 'And how's the thing to be' done I'. questioned Maria. 'Poison 4' ." Or. pushing over 'the cliff ' suggested Mrs. Jarvis. 'That would be an excellent plan.' 'Or smothering with a bolster,' said Jar vis, 'like a man Isee onst to atheatre. Ho was jealous and smothering his wife--' ' You mean Lothario,' interrupted Mrs. Jarvis. 'The deed had better be done quiet. I know a poison weed to stew up 'ith their coffee. TWe can talk the thlincg over at our leisure now we've decided to kill them. We can't get away from this place safely fiunder:a month. I don't want to stay under this roof one night after. their deaths, for fear they'd ha'nt:'ais.! Such thingsis, they~ say, and I won't riskl it !' ' You 'e right.. Let' 'em live till we are ready to. stairt fbi ,Engkand,' said Maria. ' There's that strange noise again ! Tiis old house is fuill of nioises. We'll plansout how to lill Mliss Rosse and Gretchei 'and .carry out the plani a ndmoiusthl hence. MeanwIchile, we'll keep a closer watchl on 'em than ever. We'll prevent anuy signals of escape; and lull Miss's suspicions if sThe should possibly have any.' Jarvis arose quietly and began stealthily to creep along the iwall towards the hall door. / ' , :I'm . agreeable to the plan,' said Mrs. Jarvis,' ith an air of relief. 'The thing is' settled-all but details. Them we can arrange at our leisure. Jarvis, wlht are you up'to h' Jarmvis suddenly pulled open the door. Cecil Rosse and old Gretchen were see!ln both pale as ghosts, and wild wiitha terror, cowering on the threshold. "Witfl one shrill scream, Cecil turaed to run 'own the stone passage. In an instanit Jarvis had seized her by her rippling hair anid dragged her brutaully into the klitchoen. Old Grotcheni followed, wringing her hands, and begging that her mistress's lifo might be spared. ' Shut uip !' commanded Jarvis.: ' Now, you women, we're foulnd out. The gal has listened to everythinug. She's got to die, sumr enough, anid the oldh creetur with hIer. Lock the doors, and we'll settle this here business!' TO BE CONTINtED 