THE ATHENIAN ORACLE. A SEVENTEENTH CENTURY NOTES AND QUERIES. Tho oracles are dumb. " Dark tho shrine and dumb tho fount of song thence welling." The responses, uttered some two centuries ago, are dead now-dead as the prophet who proclaimed them ; dead an the devotees who gave them credence ; dead as if they had been written, like tho verses of tho Sibyl, on fugitive leaves for the wind of heaven to whirl away into tho limbo of forgotten things. Yet, though dead, they speak. They speak, to those that have ears to hear, of tho goodly days of Evelyn and Pepys, tho Augustan age of wits nad virtuosos and Athenians, who " spent their time in nothing else but either to tell or hear some new thing." They recall the literary and scientific quidnuncs of the era of prose and reason, tho habitues of tho coffee houses—the coterie at Button's, who wondered at Addison "with a foolish face of praise," or tho rival clique of Will's, where the Tory true-blues hung round glorious John's great arm-chair, eagerly competing for the privilege of a pinch of snuff from tho veteran's box. They remind us, with their curious combination of credulity and scepticism, of tho uncertain twilight which harbingered tho dawn of science at tho end of tho seventeenth century, when England was painfully groping its way through the debatable ground which lay between tho mediæval and tho modern spirit, being in a strait betwixt two superstition and unbelief. It was evidently still the age of faith in appari tions. Tho Athenian Society, among its onoy clopredic accomplishments, seems to have posed as tho Psychical Society of tho period, and to havo adjudicated upon the authenticity and significance of supernatural manifestations. Hence many of tho cases propounded for its oracular decision are most delightfully uncanny, and might easily be worked up by tho versatile journalist into eligible copy for tho Christmas number of some sensational serial. Here, for instance, is one described with telling realism and effective local colour : " Two persons of quality (both not long since deceased) were intimate acquaintances, and loved eaoh other entirely. It so fell out that one of them fell sick of the smallpox, and desired mightily to see the other, who would not come, fearing the catching of them (sic). Tho afflicted at last dies of them, and had not been buried very long, but appears at the other's house in the dress of a widow and asks for her friend, who was then at cards, but sends down her woman to her to know her business, who, in short, told her she must impart it to none but her lady, who, after she had received this answer, bid her woman have her into a room, and desired her to stay till the game was done, and she would wait on her. The game being done, downstairs she came to tho apparition to know her business. ' Madam,' says tho Ghost, turning up her veil and her face appearing full of tho smallpox, ' you know very well that you and I loved entirely, and your not coming to me I took so ill at your hands that I could not rest till I had seen you ; and now I am come to tell yon that you have not long to live, therefore prepare to die, and when you are at a feast, and make the thirteenth person in number, then remember my words. And so the apparition vanished. To conclude, she was at the feast where she made the thirteenth person in number, and was after asked by tho deceased's brother whether his sister did appear to her, as it was reported ? But she made him no answer, but fell a-weeping, and died in a little time after. Tho gentleman that told this story says that there is hardly any person of quality but what knows it to be true." This is as delightfully circumstantial as tho vcr acious narrative of tho " Apparition of Mrs. Veal," which tho wily Defoe manufactured as an ingenious advertisement to work off an enter- prising bookseller's surplus stock of a dismal treatise entitled " Drelincourt on Death." Some of the touches are quite artistic in their realism, and calculated to rouse the envy of the author of " Esther Waters." Tho dramatic contrast between the carnal frivolity of cards (one wonders whether tho game was ombre or piquet) and the awkward little contretemps which ensued ; the unceremonious detention of the ghostly visitant till the hand was played, which seems (tanttcne unimis cctUstibttt irael) to have tried its temper ; the widow's dross, with Kb funereal weepers, and the accessory veil, which was raised with such dramatic effect ; the ghastly appoaranoe of tho smallpox ; and the unlucky 'number 13—all these ingredients, if spicily seasoned and judiciously worked up, would form a very pretty Tale of Mystery and Imagination by Edgar Allan Poe. Tho evidence, too, on which it rests is convincing to any reader of good breeding. Not to know what " there is hardly any person of quality but knows " would be to argue oneself unknown. Another volume contains a collection of accounts of apparitions from credible correspondents, which the editors opine " may conduce to the reducing tho many proselytos of Sadducism and Hobbism amongst us." Mrs, Bendish, who appears two years after her demise to her old crony, Mrs. Bents, seems to have been a ghost of orthodox religious views, combined with excellent business capacity, but to have developed an uncertain temper, which displayed itself in unprovoked assault and battery. Madam Bents deposes that " about seven or eight weeks ago Madam Bendish appeared to her like a shadow, and talked with her an hour or more at a time ; the voice was low, but she could hear what was said perfectly ; the spirit bid the old gentlewoman tell her son, who was obstinate, that he must read tho first, second, and third chapters of the Proverbs, in which he might learn his duty ; and told her that she had left him that house and £150 per annum, but tho executors had done him some wrong. Mr. Ben- dish came from Cambridge. Tho old gentle woman delivered her message to him. The spirit told her she had done as she bade her, and thanked her for it ; but since that the spirit had almost turned her out of her bed, and gave her a blow that hurt her a little." Rapping seems to have been as favourite a form of manifestation with seventeenth century spirits as in our modern seances with Sludge tho medium. One narrative tells us that " near Chesham, in Buckinghamshire, there was ono Joseph Chambers, who died out of the very house where I then lived, who "-(here tho deponent becomes rather incoherent, executing the graceful figure called by grammarians anacoluthon, and anticipating Mrs. Gamp's expressive but irregular use of " which ")—" who, after he had been buried about three days, as the maid of tho house was walking through a little orchard .-. ining to it, at a little distance she saw ihi» Juauph Chambers (in a melancholy posture) leaning against a tree, in the very cap and dress he was laid out in ; upon this the maid runs into her master's house, much affrighted, and told him that if ever she saw Joseph Chambers in her life, she had just now seen him. He haunted the house for several years afterwards, and would very often in the dead of the night rap, rap, rap, so long and so hard at the door, till he waked all the family. It was supposed his errand was to discover some great injuries ho had done to tho right owner of the house where ho died." But tho obstinate questionings aro not concorned only with the supernatural, but range freely from Shakespeare to the musical glasses, embracing, with the generous catbolicity of Juvenal's famous definition of satire, quidguid agunt homines. The nice sharp quillet, " Suppose Lazarus had an 'estate and bequeathed it to his friends, whether ought he or the legatees to enjoy it after ho was raised from the dead?" is immediately fol- lowed by the scientific problem, ""What is the reason that a drop of glass, being broken at tho lesser end, flies into dust ? " On tho next pago the oracle is consulted in Verse, and duly responds in orthodox Delphian doggrel :— Say, Athens' sons, profoundly skilled In problems hard and tough, Why is one-half o' my beef well boiled, T'other not half enough ! " To which the learned Athenian condescends, Uko Silas Wegg, to drop into poetry :- ' Your beef half raw comes out o' the pot, (For rhyme we wish ye half-throttled), Because the water covers it not, Nor is it pressed down by the pot-lid. From such sublunary and sordid topics the next questioner soars to transcendental themes. " What sort of creatures tho world in the moon may be supposed to be inhabited by? Whether they are governed by revealed laws as we are, and whether they have bodies like ours, and what sort of nourishment or life they have ? " This is presently followed by another dealing with tho imaginary creatures of another element. "Whether, since mermen and mermaids have, more of the human shape than other fishes, they may be thought to have more reason f?" The Oracle, in answer, gravely accepts the assumption and proceeds to support it by quoting authentic instances of historic mermaids, notably one that was captured and kept on view for 15 years at Haerlem. " Her hair was long and black, her face human, her teeth very strong, the lower parts of her body ended in a strong fish tail. When she was brought to Haerlem she was put into tho town house, and had a dame assigned to her to teach her She learnt to spin and show devotion at prayer, she would laugh, and when women came into tho town house to spin with her for diversion she would signify by signs she know their mean- ing in some sort, though she could never be taught to speak Sho would have her tail in tho water, and accordingly had a tub of water under her chair made on purpose for her She ato milk, water, bread, butter, and fish sho lived thus out of her element (except her tail) 15or 16 years Her picture was piintcd ou n board with oil, and hangs now lu tho ton ti houso nf Kaerlom, with a subscription in lotters of gold, giving un account whon sho was taken, low long sho h\cd, when sho died, and in what churchyard sho w as buried " As a relief from tho menial tension invol, ed m these excursions into tho rogion of exact science, wo have a batch of conundrums doahng with lighter matters of (ho heart "If it bo lawful for a man to marry his cousin-german ? " " If it bo lawful for a man, having buried his wife, te marry her own sister? "-a question still nnuually debated ratho House of Lords ' ' Whether a pul ho or private courtship is tho best P " " Whether, if females went a-courting, there would not be more marriages than now there are?" Tho Oracle thinks not, being unacquainted with tho New Woman, "for, as courage is tho proper virtue of a man, so modesty is of a woman , for which reason many ladies would die sooner than stoop to what they think s0 mean a practice, is we have had instances of some who have actually done it" That there were, even in those days, exceptions to this rule is seen by tho subsequent question! "Where is tho likeliest place to get a husband in ?" to which tho editor, with a keen eye to business, replies, " Poor distressed lady ' had we but her name, we should go near to insert an advertisement for her at the end of this book" "Whether it be lawful," asks another, "for a young lady to praj for a husband, and if lawful, in what form?" Tho next querist goes straight to tho point, without mincing mutters -" A lady desires to know when she shall have a husband " To whom tho Athenian, with oracular ambiguity "We read of a waggish boy that went to tho Delphic Oracle, with a live sparrow in his hand, and proposed this question, Whether tho sparrow was alive or dead? designing, if tho Oracle had answered dead, to have shown it alive, or, if tho oracle answered alive, to have crushed it in his hand and produced it dead, but tho Oracle answered In te sittim, &c; -' 'Tis in thy power to produce it either alive or dead ' " 