A Miracle in Sydney. 5/X2OMOTOR ATAXIA CURED. =* BOILERMAKER JARVT3 -WAS TOLD BY DOCTORS jHra - MUST DIB. ON THE ? VERGE OP THE GRAVE. itt FINAL EXPERIMENT, AN.D ITS ASTOUNDING RESULTS. THE -DOCTORS BEWILDERED. INTERESTING INTERVIEWS. FULL PARTICULARS OF A REMARKABLE DISCOVERY. A SENSATION AT ULTIMO. ? °.ne 2£. the best-known residents of Ultimo, Sydney, m,?£;i£hOnyl!iJarviS' WiM resides at 43 Crown-teSST A multitude of his acquaintances were grieved to notice now his fine physique was slowly but surely being undermined by an insidious and mysterious malady Motn^?BeT1'a^ea ail who ^tempted to diagnose it. ?Meanwhile jarvis suffered agonies mentally and physi cally. His trouble developed at last so rapidly that ae was FORCED TO TTTS BED, and his torture becoming- unendurable, large Quantities o£ opium and -morphia, were administered to alleviate Sis sufferings. . He applied to a well-known doctor, but that 'gentleman, after a careful scrutiny, pronounced his case hopelessly, incurable, and gave Mm an order -addressed . to the Director of Charitable Institutions. (Poor Jarvis went home to bed, and another doctor was called in, and agreed that JARVTS WAS INCURABLE, and all that could be done for him was in the direction of deadening the' pains which racked him. While Jarvis was patiently waiting for the kindly hand of death to end his sufferings, his attention was directed to an ad vertisement ' iri the press, and thinking that a case therein stated resembled his own, he determined, as a Hast resort, to try Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People. The first box had a magical effect upon him the very first week. ' His appetite returned, and he once more experienced the LUXURY OF A SLEEP. The second week, with the second box of pills, con firmed the symptoms of recovery, and he persevered with the .third and fourth boxes,, with equally surpris ing results. He is now taking. His fifth box, and in five short weeks ? ?' ?. AN ABSOLUTE. CURE has been -revealed. . Every day his strength increases, and although not yet -robust, he is a new 'man, full of vitality, confidence, and -enthusiasm. It is no wonder, then, that his case is causing quite a sensation at Ultimo, and the -news- is spreading throughout the city and suburbs. ' . . : . ^ '. Under these . extraordinary circumstances we decided to send a'represen'tatlve of 'The Australian Workman' to make inquiries, so that- the cure may be fully authenticated, and the public ihay obtain all particu lars.- So remarkable a cure deserves the widest pub licity in the interests of - ' --? ? -.?-,?.' SUFFERING HUMANITY, whose maladies . baffle.; ail the .science, . learning, and experience* of the* medicSast-i$fession. - »i^ THOMAS JARMS 4NT-ERVIEWED. ' ~ On Thursday ^afternoon Tbur'rrepresentative made his way to the 'humble home' or Mr.: :Thbmas- Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. - iHe - was ^discovered nursing- a . two-year-old baby, and' his face ;dej*Iared him to 'toe ,«ne of the happiest men in-Syaney-^'-He was up and ??.about, and able tb answer 'the ?: knock j. at the .-door. . Although pale, and 'bearing still ^the ^ .'marks . of a critical r illness and a period of 'pain/'-it was' Very clear that he was an invalid ' on- the rapid- joad ;tp convalescence. In reply- to the: preliminary question, he said: 'You want to know all about' my case? Well, I. am glad of. an opportunity to itiell-you. - The. facts -may be of value to those wiio are stricken as I was.' 'How .long. were, you suffering ?'.'.- 'Well, 32 months ago I- got so-T-adthat I had -to, .'. LEAVE. OFF TVORK, ana I have done, nothing .since .then. About five years ago next Christmas 1 met with' an accident.- I was badly scalded while' taking a bath in-. Pitt-street, Syd ney. Since the accident I have, been in failing health, and after four 'years of gradual development of - the malady I was force^'-to give ujJ'my billet at the Glebe Island.' , - '-; , V ... - 'What were- the'symptoms?' ?.-?'?.?.. ??:'?' ? 'Simply indescribable. ^Ihej-aSns were something ter rible. They wjerejust- about as much as I could bear. They were lor aU the world like as if a SAW WERE CUCTING MY BONES in two in every part of me. .1 had no control over my bowels or' bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone, else. ? I was incessantly shiver ing and shaking, and could, neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, : he gave me an order tb the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of. the order?' 'No; I came home and- went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was. ALL OVER WITH ME, 1 and only a question of days when I would give up the g-host. My doctor was attending-, me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia' pills,, to ease the agony I was in, I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was -suffering from loco motor ataxia, or progressive locombjtor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised 'by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty in - co-ordinating volun tary movements. He -told' me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs.' (Just then the uatielit.' kicked ihis legs about I with energy to show that medical 'opinion is not infal- I lible.) 'WelL just as a drowning man will .grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure-..eSEected..jn the case of ano- j ther boilermaker in England; which I read in the 'Aus tralian Workman,' by Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tne advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial any way, - and ? ' SENT FOR A BOX. . j The effect was as marvellous^osit was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was .the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had had for many a day. It was incredible. 'I immediately left the' bed, and was able to move about. I have taKen four [ boxes of Pink Pills during the- past four weeks, and am ! now taking the fifth box. ?..:-..'? I CAN WALK ABOUT. ..'. with the aid of a stick, and -am gradu ally but surely ' recovering' my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new,- and I -have never used them. They . were ? made for. me before I got the Pink Pills, but ? I was too _weak to use them, and now I don't want -them: All. I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it You: see, lam rapidly regaining my strength.' .?..?-,., . ? .. , ? .. 'He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. 'Jarvis, who had come in, and. taken the toa'by on her' knees. 'The Pink Pills fcave--: ^.-r- *'*.-,.?-??. ~ u. .*.. .- ^ ?' . ~?''' SAVED 'BOS LIFE, ,-IJ. and m3de*ahother man of nim.'V::- '.-: :.'.? -t. . « ' :. ;? ?: A friend -who called in a.t~&fts; point said that Jarvis looked ten years-younger thatv-day man .he did a. fort night previously. ' ? ?** :'..'' V, 'I can- now,' 'continued Jarris, '?havfe' a cold bath, and all the feeling has coBSfe back in iny legs,. If 1 keep on going the way Ti.aSn, ;I Jjope^tp J»e able to work in .two months'. tittfe.^If eel .that I shall then be^ well enough to resunie- wori-^as-a-bpUermakei-,---and'you know I have' to be in -ttie'verjr. ptnk of health and strength to work at that trade. :. I am ?- better, to-day'. . ?'?? than I have been at any i «me - during -the * past five years. I ascribe. alL the'ehahge' and' benefit, to these Piiik Pills., -.They have saved .my lite'. lam in no pain now whatever, ' and ffeej like a new. mail.- On the mantelpiece there is.atpx of. . ^ ? ., . OPIUM '.^ND'*MOItFHIA:;;^ . pills, which the apctor gave- 'me ;ti) deaden the excruciating pain. . But'they. can *tay wKere'they are, for'I no longer need 'tiiem, 'Everybody -ijThO/lcnows -me has been amazed at the change in me. Tiey can hardly believe their eyes. -My^bging.ajjout again has caused quite a. sensation- out 'here.'*: .' ;'? .- . ? .. '. 'i Having wished Mr. Jarvis 'contlhueu speed towaros recovery, oiuv. representative withdrew. , ~ . ?' ' ? ? : '- ' ^J:'.%-*a?i^*; H:/'-? ?' :v. .'???' - 