Wobolntga & Clotuostg lnttilteI. FRIDAY, AUGUST 27; 1897. PROTECTIONIST orators and the protec tionist press, both in Victoria and New South Wales, are constantly deploring the unfortunate position of the New South Wales farmer, said to arise from the large importation of wheat under the recently adopted freetrade system, and have been describing in glowing colors the position of his compeers in Victoria, who, through the alleged beneficent action of the protective system, are guarded' from such compe tition. These comparisons not only exhibit the. usual and characteristic concealment and distortion of fact, on which most of the protectionist argu ments are based; but they also prove the inhuman tendency of" protection mere clearly. thin almost any other subject with which the fiscal contra versy deals. Their examination is, therefore, of more than usual interest. What are the facts? The importation of food stuffs is not a new thing in the neighboring colony, as these journals would make us believe. It. has been proceeding year-after year, under pro, tection as well as under fieetrade, and' arises fron'tho fact that New South Wales does not yet; produce sufficient food stuffs for the' consumption of its quickly . growing population. Last year's season, however, was one of the most disastrous ever experienced by Australian farmers. Everywhere short crops were: garnered, and'-New South Wales made no exception. According to the .'Age" itself (7th July, 1896), the wheat crop gave 5,195,312 bushels; the requirsements of the colony are 8,570,320 bushels, and there was thus a deficiency of 3,375,008 bushels, or close upon one-half of the wheat re quired to fend the people. What, then, is to he understood from the protectionists' lamentations over the importation of wheat into New South Walesl - Would they have pro hibited any wheat from coming in when there was little more than half as much.wheat as the people wantodl In that case they proclaim themselves wholesale murderers, and hanging would be too good for them. If they did not intend to prohibit the importa tion of wheat, their lamentations over the injury which these importations inflict upon the farmers of New South Vales are obviously hypocritical, and all their protestations are soumany lies. It may, however, be said that while they would not have prohibited imports of wheat, they would have placed a r heavy duty on imported wheat, so as to secure a higher price than 4s 3d a bushel to the New South Wales farmer. This is undoubtedly what they would have done, but it is obvious that such a measure could not have prevented the imports which they profess to de plore, and therefore again shows the hypocrisy of these lamentations. More over, such a duty would have increased the price of bread, as it did in Vic torin; it would, therefore, have preo vented a great many people from gett ing bread, or as much bread as they wanted, and would have been only a degree less criminal than total prohibi tion. Not only is this policy of starving the people vaunted as a democratio policy, but it is also advocated in the alleged interests of farmers. "Look at the farmers of Victoria, is the cry,. " they are getting up. to 6s a bushel for their wheat, while the unfortunate New South Wales farmer get only 4s 3d." But these friends of the farmers carefully conceal that our farmers have to pay dearly for this higher price. If the duty on wheat were the only duty in Victoria,. then no doubt those of our farmers who are wheat.growers would have derived an advantage from the duty in this year of scarcity. Every one, however, knows that this is not the case; and knows that the duties on all manufactured goods. weigh. heavily on our farmers. It has been proved over and over again that on an average every farmer loses directly and indirectly over £40 a year through protective duties, or all our farmers about £1,600,000 a year.. This has been going on for years, so that for the last ten years the farmers have lest about £16,000,000. During' the whole of this period, how ever, they never got one penny from the wheat duties,.for during these years we were exporters of wheat, and the duty was admittedly inoperative. This year it has become operative on account of the shortage of crop. The crop, plus old wheat, is stated to. be about 7,000,000 bushels, and as the price has been increased, say, 10d per bushel through the action of the wheat duty, our farmers have benefitted to the ex tent of £291,666, provided they held all the wheat. When, however, that hold by millers and merchants is de diucted, as well as the increased price of flour, bread, seed. wheat,.and horse feed, this sum is seen to be reduced by at least one-half. It follows, there fore, that the vaunted advantage of the Victorian farmers comes to this: They lost £16,000,000 through protec tion in order to gain £150,000 by pro tection.. Not only that,. but these friends of the farmers ask them to continue paying £1,600,000 a year in order to have the chance of making another £150,000 in perhaps ten years' time,. provided there is another disas trous season like the last. The, Wodongs Shire' Council figures again on the Estimates for £400-the same amount as last year-to assist in maintaining the Wodonga to Albury road. Considering that the most rigid' economy is still being practised in the Public Works and every other depart ment of the State, to such an extent that unconditional grants to local bodiessro now almost things of the past, this assistance from the Govern. ment cannot but be regarded as satis factory. The credit for the grant must beyond all question be given to our ever-watchful representative in Parlia. ment,. Mr Isaacs. A special' meeting of the Wodonga Shire Council will be held on Monday, when the election of president will take place. It is understood' that Councillors Morrison and' Manna will be nominated fbr the position. Senior-constable Armfield is deserous' of ascertaining the whereabouts of one Jerry Cavanagh, who, if he can be found;. will " hear something to his advantage." Information has been. received by the Consul- General for the Netherlands in AMelbourne from the Netherlands- ndinn Government that a man named' E Casvanagh, born in Australia and by profession a jockey and trainer, has died about a year ago at Medan, in Sumatra, leaving no heirs known in the Netherlands-Indies. The deceased had deposited some money in the Banks of Madras and' Colombo, and the Government is anxious to trace his relatives, in order that the latter may establish their claims to the estate. It is believedthat a relative is, or was recently,. in the Wodonga and Albury district, .ut so- far Senior-constable Armfield has been' unable' to find him. Senior-constable Armfield would esteem it a favor if'any person, knowing any thing of the whereabouts of Jerry Cavanagh would communicate with' him. . Theomarriage, of' Mr F. Jaeger,. of' Yackandandah, and Miss Clara Davis, of Mitta Mitta, formerly of Wodonga and 7iewa, was celebrated by Canon Spencer at thle Anglican. Church, Albury, on Monday, in the presence of'a number of the imnmediate friends of thie contracting parties. The bride was given away by her' aunt (Mrs H. J.- Bowler), and was attended by Misses Andrews and Davis as hrides maids. Mr H. Bowler, of Mitta Mitta(, officiated as "best man." What a charming prospectl Mr Tyson, of Heyffeld, has given orders that not a single bullock is to he sold I off hIis estate at present, as he is con fident that values will rise to suchr an extent that he will get £20 per head all round. As he has 2000 head, this will mean a nice little fortune it hris anticipations are realised. Wodonga Shire.Council on Wednes; 1 The " Age" is showing its teeth over the favorable reception accorded to Max Hirsch, the great free trade apostle, by the electors of Mandurang. The opposition of the " Age" will on this occasion, it is needless to say, be most unscrupulous, and the nighty Ananias wrill stop at nothing to blacken the character of the most brilliant political economist and fe;arless public man in Australia to-day. Every true democrat will wish, Hirsch success. The odds are perhaps against him. His return, however, would' be the greatest blow the "Age" has yet received. Under the heading "Telegraph Office Fads," Mr H. H. U. Scott, of Wodonga, has, addressed the following letter to the editor of the "Argus ": "Sir,-Might I ask the Telegraph Department, through your columns, how much further back into the dark ages they intend forcing the long suffer ing publict I required to send a tele gram to a lady in Tasmania, and addressed it:-' Mrs S., ?yadra, Clare street, Augusta Gate, Hobart.' This was taken at the local office, but shortly after brought back for me to insert the lady's Christian name or initial. Now, in this instance, I had private reasons for not putting it in, but as thie post master, going by his regulations (which read:-' Telegrams to Tasmania must, ite future, bear the Christian name or initial, as well as surname, of ad dressee'), refused to send the telegram unless the initial was put in, I had to do it, though the address was quite sufficient without it, and the lady has an objection to her initial being used, which" peculiarity, I should think, affects herself entirely and no one else. Now, supposing I wanted to wire to someone in Tasmania,. whose Christian name I did not know (which is a very likely supposition), am I to invent a Christian name to please the Telegraph Departmentl" The following polling places have been proclaimed in Towong Shire, consequent on the sub-division of the Koetong riding:-Tallangatta Riding -The shire hall, Tallangatta; State school,. Tallangatta Valley; State school, Koetong.. Corryong Riding The shire halls Tallangatta; State school, Koetong; State school, Berrin gama; public hall, Cudgewa; the house of Henry Dobinson, Cudgewa; the assembly room, Dark river; the Atheneum, Corryong; the house" of William Attree, Nariel. The interment of W'ardsman Allen,. of the Albury Hospital,. who died after a very short illness on Thursday, the 19tlh inst. (says the "Post"), took place on Friday. afternoon. The funeral was largely attended, and among the mourners were cyclists, who, with draped machines, walked at the side and behind the. hearse. The Rev. Canon Spencer performed the burial service, and although the de ceased died among strangers not a few of the mourners showed visible affection at the grave side. The committee of the. Albury Hospital attended the funeral as a mark of respect to the memory of the deceased. Two constables went to an empty house,. formerly an hotel, at the corner of Clisdel and Dawson streets, in a part of Sydney known as Strawberry Hills.. They were attracted by a dark figure on the doorsteps, which they took to be a vagrant. As they ap proached the figure vanished. The police went inside the building and struck matches,. when on the stairs the figure was seen to rise in an airy fashion and vanish. It was only two yards from the constables, who searched the room. On .lhaving they saw what they regarded as a ghost pursuing. The constables hurried' into the street, and an extensive polite hunt for the ffgure has since been made. The con stables described' the figure of the most extraordinary appearance, with a pair of flappers like a seal; the upper part being enveloped' in what resembled bags. Archdeacon, M'Cullagh, preaching at Bendigo on Sunday:-" The Corin thians were an acute but narrow minded people- almost as narrow minded as the people of Victoria, who tax their neighbors' cattle. But, narrow-minded as the Corinthians were, I hardly think they were so short-sighted as to tax ton thousand to put money in the'pockets of ten." The ladies of St. Luke's Church, Wodonga, are interesting themselves in preparing a ""umble fair" and conversazione, which will be held in the shire hall on Tuesday and Wednes day, 12th and 13th October. It is rumored in Ministerial circles that Mr M'rean's openly-declared hostility to Federation will presently lead to his retirement from the Govern ment, and that Mr Foster, who also prefers a border duty on bullocks to the nationalising of' Australia, will' be directed to. observe a discreet silence, or --.. Harry's friends prodict he will keep quiet. The Premier and the Attorney.General are now said to be heartily sick of the stock tax.. We are asked to announce tlhat the annual meieting of' th:e W?odonga Benevolent Society will he held in the :ouncil chlamlbers on Tuesday. the 31st inst. All subscribers are invited to uttend. The fashionably-bred Strahan is announced to stand at Lockhart's Creek, Sandy Creek. His consultation Ee is £5, at which figure his services should he in request amongst owners desiring thoroughbred stock. We are requested to announce that Dr Schlink has discontinued vwccine tion for the present_ __ _ Thursday, the 9th September, has ejen procleimed a. public holiday throughout the Slhiro of Towong. I We regret to learn that the healtls Mr C. E. Kemp, the respected minister of the Wodonga and' Bethanga Wes leyan Church, has latterly caused some anxiety to his friends, and that his medical adviser has recommended his patient to spend a short season at the Sanatorium at Echuca. Mr Kemp is. unfortunately suffering from an affec tion of the lungs. It is to be hoped that the change will prove beneficial to. the young minister's health. "Should the Gothenburg Systems be extended to Victorial" was the subject discussed at Monday night's. meeting of the Wodonga Mutual Im provemnnt Society. The affirmative was taken by Mr J. Bassett and the. negative by Mr J. Ryan. The pros.. and cons. were enumerated by the, opener and respondent, who were fol- lowed by champions of the respective views. The speaking on the whole showed a decided improvement gene rally amongst the members. The, division gave a small maiority to the opponents of the Gothenburg systen.. The president (Mr J. When, jun.) pre- sided. The subject for next meeting: will be " One Adult Oue Vote." According to a telegram from Omeo,, Mr Foster, the Minister of Mines, will be opposed by Mr P. H. G. P. S.. Conant (locally known as Alphabetical; Conant) at the general election. Mr Conant is said to be president, vice. president, or ex- president of every local body for miles round Omeo-he is at. present the president of the Miners" Association-besides probably being a churchwarden. With all these advan tages, however, he will hardly displace' Harry Foster, who, since his easy victory over Michael Goold nine years. ago, has never been subjected to a con test. Another of'the series of socials now' being held in connection with the, Roman Catholic Church bazaar at; Bethanga came off in the Victoria. 'Hall, Lower Bethanga, on Wednesday night, and proved in every respect an' enjoyable affair. Visitors were present; from Wodonga, Talgarno,. and other outlying localities.. The net result of the children's ball' recently held in aid of the Wodonga. Athenarum will amount to £2 19s.. The promoters will expend this sum in the purchase of books and a hose, which, will be presented. to the institution in, due course. Messrs J. G. Shields and' Co. an- nounce a special horse sale at Wodonga on Wednesday,. 29th September, when, they will sell 100 horses.. The "Omneo Standard " says:-"-A. prominent firm of stock salesmen in, Melbourne,.in writing toa resident of! this district, state that store sheep will' be selling at £1 per head within two. months' time, and that they have orders. for hundreds of thousands of sheep, which, cannot be supplied." 