DOUBTS OF THE MUJLTITUPE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. SIR,— In a letter published in to-day’s In dependent Mr. Trucbridge trusts that he has not too rudely roused and alarmed us. This sentiment does more credit to the heart than tba head of its author. Tho Bible and the church have weathered a few gales, and I do nut think that this cap-full of wind will overset e 'Mr Truebridge wishes to know how I can reconcile tho existence of a God of lovo with the disorders of tho world. My reply is that gin is tho result of human freedom. God created man free. Free-will implies tho power of choice. Man in tho exercise of his freedom chose evil—honco the desolations of tho earth. These tilings arc no reflection on tho wisdom or tho power of God. If man had been created go that ho could not have fallen, ho would have been fated not free. Ho would have been a more automaton. He could have had no more character than a tree or a flower. Moreover the ruin can be at any time re paired. Evil is not inseparable from existence. Let man in the exercise of his. freedom return to God, lot him choose good instead of evil then all “ the violence, vice, maliciousness,.sin, suffering and injustice ” which this writer be wails will cease to bo. Tho gate of gold will open, and man mil rc-cntcr Paradise. Mr. Truohridge’s knowledge of tho Bible is rather confused. Abraham did not drive out Keturah and her children. Isaac did not ill treat Hagar, and ho had no illegitimate son named Ishmael. Mr. Trucbridgo wishes to know whore tho Scriptures claim to be “tho inspired word of God," My reply is, in places too numerous to mention. I give two passages out of many. Exodus 20 commences “ And God spake all those words saying,” etc. The first chapter of Amos contains tho formula, “ Thus saith tho Lord ” five times. Thon again Christ, who has final authority in religious matters with Christians, recognised tho Divine authority of the Old Testament Scriptures. Ho appealed to them and quoted them frequently. In brevity, I give one refer ence only, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you that all things must be fulfilled, which wore written in the law of Moses, and in tho prophets, and in tho Psalms concerning Mo. Thon opened Ho their understanding that they might under stand tho Scriptures,” Luke 24, ‘ 44-46 Christ had tho same Old Testament which wo possess. Ho had the Soptuagint, a Greek vor- 1 sion which came into uso about 250 years be fore His birth, and which is substantially tho one as our own Old Testament. Further nwre, the ethical perfection of tho Decalogue, the elevation of the Psalms, the numerous prophecies literally fulfilled in history and in Christ, forbid the classification - of these writ ings with human works. Mr. Trucbridgo wishes to know if Mr. Nicholson and 1 would not admit that a bettor set of Scriptures could bo compiled to-day ? Wo would not. Yet , wo would like to see the .experiment made, If Mr. T. and his friends will make a now Bible wc will promise to read it with care. Wo will also submit it—not to a body of clergymen, but to statesmen like Gladstone and Salisbury, to a soldier like Wol- Belcy, to a traveller like Stanley, to scientists like Lord Kelvin and Sir W. J. Dawson for their opinion. These great men are interested in the Bible; and I am certain if they get a better one they will publish their gratitude to the world, A favorable opinion from them would also give the new Scriptures a good start. Mr. Traobridgo is eloquent upon the obscuri ties, immoralities and savageries of tho Old Testament (Tho late Dr. Duncan in.relation this tribe used to say, “ These Ham like writers.") He, however, docs not seem to know a distinction obvious to most intelligent people, viz., that Biblical record is ono thing, and Biblical inculcation another. Fearful things aro recorded in the Bible of mon; but tbo teaching ]of tho Book .is free from harmful elements. . The deformities and crimes of mon in some respects approved of God are revealed: but remorse, a fiery sword, and doom arc over all sin. Shakes peare’s Macbeth and Richard tho Third are fearful tragedies, but an accusing conscience, (he ghosts of muVdovcd men and death and hell follow after. Tho fact is tho things complained of arc the glory of tho Bible. ' They show us tho working of tbo Divine Spirit in the souls not of saints and angels, hut of rudo and sinful men like ourselves. They the grace of God in forgiving sin, and tho justice or God in punishing it. Prof. Helmholtz once proved that “ tho eye has every possible defect that can bo found in an optical instrument, and even somo which arc peculiar to Itself, It Is not too much to say that if an optician wanted to sell mo an instrument which bad a]l these defects,. I should think my self quite justified in blambig liis carelessness m tho strongest terms and giving him back his instrmnonL" Helmholtz Jilmsolf,. however, admits towards the oloso of his essay, that “ if. tho oye were more perfect as an optical instru ment, if, would Iw loss perfect ns an eye. Its absolute defects are practical merits. Now, even if I were to argue with Mr. Trucbridgo “at there arc moral defects in the Bible (which I do nqt)—then 1 would, like Helmholtz on tijo ojo, claim that these defects are practical merits, .- Mr. T. wants to know why wc wish tho children of the colony Instructed in tho Scrip wres. Wc reply, Imcauso it will do thorn good, Tho propf that the Bible Is good, food" is the eating of Produce if you' can, a ‘name wrpwbed, a life wrecked, a soul lost tlirough tho influence of tho Bible. The Bible is tho only'book in the world ’that will bear full translation Into human life,' Try Plato, Seneca, Comte or Sponger. The Bible makes not only good, biit strong P«i. Cromwell’s Ironsides wore never turned jh b&tUc;, If any had (oho done Jo the days of tho Indian.n)utiny, HftVjblock’s "saint#” wore ready for it Dord Wolseley “as just issued a small volume of Scripture ex tols lor tho use' of the army. Stanley in Darkest Africa” has shown, us bow ho, drew strength and courage from its pages.' Let mo close with a quotation from Matthew Arnold—neither a cleric npr a bigot' “If you pant to know plastic art, you go to tho Greeks; r y° u l?ant to know science, you go to the |«yan genius. And vyhy2 Because they have wo specialty for those wings'; for making us icoj what they lire and giving us an enthusiasm jarthejn. Well, and so have Israel and tho Bible a specialty for righteousness,.for making B 8 1® 0 * what it Is, and giving us au ‘enthusiasm j ’t- And hero again it is experience that wo invoke, try it! Having convinced yourself that Uierc is an enduring power, not ourselves; that makes (or righteousness, set yourself next to and loam more about this power, end to jenlan enthusiasm for it Ana te this end, wko a of tho Bible first, And then a course of Benjamin Franklin, Jeremy Bontham, *** Greeley and Mr, Herbert Spencer ; see n, + , B 8 n } effect, which satisfies you Ii.n-i i lch R' VCB y°u most more) force. Why, ill! iu , 8 °* 8uc}l avail for teaching rightoous ■i > that ovon to those who comp- to it with n n B0 notions about the God of the JIu’.i , 8 teach righteousness and fllls them in the love of it. How. much, more those uocomoto it with a true-notion.; About the odof the Bible.” (Literature and <DoRraa, 