SPORTING SHOTS. October. 2\. S.A. Tattersall's Club Spring Meeting. The S.A. Tattersall's Races, to be held at Victoria Park on Saturday next, October 2, will see the wind up of the spring meetings so far as the metropolitan courses are concerned. The programme is an attractive one, and although the acceptances are notj to hand at the time of writing these notes, there is no fear but that good fields will go to the post to compete for the very substantial prizes offered in the different events. Of those in the Hurdle Race, 1J miles, at the present time, Rainbow, 10 st. 5 lb., reads alright. He has 2 lb. less than when he ran third to General Gordon and Orb at the Port over 1J miles, and meets the latter on exactly; the same terms. Orb has failed to see a mile and a half out successfully on i two occasions, and the extra quarter, of a mile on Saturday looks like prov ing a bar to his success. Albury j Queen and Maid of the Mist, withi 10 st. 3 lb. each, have handy weights, and their creditable performances at Morphettville at the beginning of this month should be borne in mind. Garter, 9 st. 8 lb., should his leg be alright on the day, will have to be reckoned with, and so would Netherby if pace was all that was required. He may have improved in the jumping business by Saturday. Sir William, Syndicate, and Hard Case may be set on one side, but Morna Lee, 9 st., who ran third in the Jumpers' Flat Rⅇ at the Port meeting, must be given a chance. The Arab is no#' in the Sydney Park stable, and as he is the only representative, will command some attention on Saturday. The numbers may go up— Albury Queen... ... 1 Netherby ... ... 2 Maid op the Mist ... 3 The places in the Juvenile Handicap, 5 furlongs, may be filled by— Keswick ... ... 1 Dirk Hammerhand ... 2 Kingsbridge ... ... 3 The October Cup is likely to prove an interesting race. Hear Hear, 8 st. 12 lb., cut up very badly at Morphetfc ville this month when well backed. He may do better on Saturday, but that performance was too bad to hope for a win from him in this race. The jockey was blamed for Bloodstone's defeat in the Spring Handicap at Cheltenham Park on Saturday week, when Nackara, with an advantage of 7 lb., beat him. These two now meet on equal terms, 8 st. 5 lb., and it is just possible the Neckersgat horse may finish in front again, as he has only an extra 5 lb. to carry. Marryatville and Lord Salis bury are on the same mark, 8 st. 2 lb. The latter has gone up 9 lb. on what he carried to the front in the Jubilee Mile on Saturday, when it looked as if another stone would not have stopped him. Vakeel has not been seen in public lately. Thunder King, 7 st. 9 lb., ran second in the S. A.J.C. Derby and second to Foliage in the Spring Handicap with 1 st. less than he will carry on Saturday, Nackara finishing third. Birksgate has 4 lb. less than he carried second over a mile on Satur day. Gnullo and Damper are the best of the others. The latter was very prominent and finished third in the Spring Handicap at Cheltenham Park with 4 lb. more than he will carry on Saturday. The places may be filled by— Nackara ... ... 1 Bloodstone ... ... 2 Thunder King 3 Diavolo heads the list in the Steeple chase with 11 st. 3 lb. Arctic has 5 lb. more than he followed Albany home with on Saturday week, and Cromwell, who finished third, meets him on 5 lb. better terms. Abbotsford, 10 st. 9 lb., has not been performing well lately, but he should be capable of giving a g jod account of himself in the company he will meet on Saturday. Minstrel Boy is not a perfect fencer, Aberdeen is slow, and Bluefire runs herself out at about two miles The Sydney Park stable is represented by Sympathy and Arbitrator, and the former may prove the best. The order of the finish may be— Abbotsford ... ... 1 Cromwell ... ... 2 Arctic ... 3 The J umpers' Plat Race may result as follows— Rejected ... ... 1 Warrego 2 Netherby 3 The Spring Handicap, six furlongs, lookslike beihgadiflicult race to pick. At least a dozen have claims for con sideration. The Judge's verdict may be— Mundiva 1 Clytemnestra ... ... 2 Bernice... ... ... 3 There was a good attendance at the Hunt Club Races on Saturday, but the jumpiog races, although they proved exciting enough, were not cal culated to inspire the spectators with much enthusiasm or a lofty idea of the hunters as steeplechasers. They may be alright at their own game, but, judging by their performances on Saturday, they do not take kindly to steeplechase fences. A field of five started for the Maiden Steeplechase and two finished. The second jump saw the end of the others. Carbine's owner had an easy ride for the 40 so vs. The Open Hurdle Race proved a disappointment to backers. General Gordon was made a warm favorite, but soon after the start it was noticed that Mr. McFie and his mount were not on the best of terms, and when the horse tried to get off at the last hurdle and Edith slipped in between him and Orb backers of the favorite made up their minds that they were on the wrong 'un. Edith beat Orb rather easily. Gordon's sides bore evidence that his rider had been hard at work on him. Six went to the post for the Hunt Club Cup. After Robin had knocked himself and his rider out, Jackeroo and Cyrus were left in command The latter fell and left Jackeroo with the race in hand, but his rider allowed Diavolo, who jumped the next to last fence very awkwardly, to come up to him, and Mr. Cave's horse won by less than a length. Limelight won the Open Handicap Flat Race, 5 furlongs, in 1 min. 2 3-5 th sec. Tapioca and Gnullo were favorites for the Jubilee Mile. The former finished out of a place, and the fact that his stable companion, Birksgate, who was not heavily backed, ran second to Lord Salisbury, showed that some one had made a mistake as to the capabilities of the two horses. Gnullo, with 1 st. 3 lb. less on her back, could not get the distance in the time she did the Welter Handicap mile in on Satur day week. Barunga, by Gang Forward, led all the way in the Drag Cup and won very easily, nothing left standing being able to extend her. The winner should hold her own in better company than she met on Saturday. Manfred started at 6 to 4 against) in the Stand Handicap, won by Alaba culia, at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting on Saturday. He was prominent in the early part of the race, but is said to have been interfered with. Waraka has been suffering from dental troubles, and was not seen at his best in the Paddock Handicap, the winner of which turned up in Virtue, by Trenton—Maid of Honor. Alabaculia, wbo is described as a ghost of a racehorse, is engaged in the Melbourne Cup at 6 st. 10 lb. Aurum is again at even money for the V.R.C. Derby, and Amberite 3 to 1\. In Melbourne there has been an offer to take £1,000 to £50 about Fleet Admiral. Ayrshire is favorite for the Caulfield Cup and Positano for the Melbourne Cup, both being quoted at 100 to 8. The Hypnotist, who ran third in the September Stakes, and is said to be looking very well, is regarded as having a chance in the V.R.C. Derby. Mournpool, winner of the Hunters* Flat Race at Flemington on Saturday, had previously been used as a buggy horse by his owner. It is said that Ayrshire was not) backed by the stable for the September Stakes. He started at 20 to 1. Hainault has found favor with the Caulfield touts, but Foliage is described as looking a trifle light. 