A: Haunted House. Considerable space has . been taken up for some time in some English newspapers and magazines (says our daily issuo) by discussion about what is called the most haunted house in Scotland. The question to be settled is whether or not it is haunted : the manifestations being so far susceptible of interpretation in favour of natural and commonplace causes rather than of reference to a supernatural origin. That people in the nineteenth century should still gravely discusB such a question would be somewhat surprising, did we not remember the inalienable disposition of men to pry into the mysterious and to strive for extension of sight beyond the veil that seems to interpose between matter and spirit. After all, the doings we shall describe are not more ludic rous and silly than those which attended the incidents in which some months ago Mrs. Mellon figured in Sydney. ' The most haunted house in Scotland' is nailed Balleeliin. It is nleasantlv situated a few miles from Dunkeld. The greater part of the structure dates back only to the second decade of the present century. In this part only are ghostly ' manifestations' present ; a wing of later construction is absolutely free from them. This circum stance accords with what is commonly sup posed to be the habit of ghosts : they rejoice in surroundings of a decent age, in the dust and cobwebs and mistiness of a certain an tiquity. In this case, however, one wonders that a house not yet a century old should be thought venerable enough for them. As a matter of fact, the manifestations are not any thing like as old as the house. Its reputation for being haunted at most has been enjoyed for thirty years. No'thing very decided was reported till a year or two ago ; and there is reason for believing that the ' mani festations' then in evidence were produced by some practical jokers in a family which occupied tho place during a shooting season. So that the ghost is, anyhow, a very modern ghost : though it must be confessed that it bears itself pretty much in the way attributed by tradition from the earliest ages to its kindred. Noises are heard like those of foot steps, or of the voice of someone reading or reciting; impatient raps at doors, clangs, thuds, far away explosions, evoke in the lis teners thoughts beyond the reaches of their souls. Nothing has ever been seen, but footsteps are testified to as having been heard in rooms, caused by some invisible agency which a dog has seemed to follow with his eyes, xnese gnostiy lootsteps are always ' lame,' or ' halting' or ' shuffling ;' a gong struck would produce such a noise as the clanging sound ; the explosions resembled the firing of a distant gun, or ' the snapping of wood in a burning house.' There is in London an association called the Society for Psychical Research, and Lord Bute kindly took the haunted house for three months, in order that the Society might pur sue an investigation into the causes of theso ghostly noises. A charming literary lady was installed as hostess : she kept open house, and gathered under the roof of Balleeliin eleven . ladies and twenty-one gentlemen, including three soldiers, three lawyers, two men of letters, one artist, four clergymen, one physician, and five ' men of leisure.' There was also in the party a scientific gentlemen, and one admitted prac tical joker. This company of 32 persons heard the sounds described above, which the hostess and eighteen of her guests concur in saying were such sounds as they were unable to explain. The scientific gentleman, however, found himself in no such difficulty. Tho construction of tho house is helpful to the production of mysterious noises. The stone walls are thick, and an in: terior casing of wood not only exaggerates their thickness but helps to give on the slightest percussion a hollow sound. Moreover, tho joists of the floors are as flimsy as the walls aro substantial, and the floors vibrate on the smallest provocation. Mice and rats are plentiful, and rats or mice could easily pro duce most of the said noises in an edi fice which is one huge sounding board transmitting, and possibly intensifying, certain sounds. This doubting investigator occupied in the house the most haunted room in it, and he easily identified noises which awoke him in the early morning as those caused by the activities of the servants in the stillness of an otherwise sleeping household. A moan like that of a soul in pain he traced to the wind blowing across the end of a waste water pipe ; on one night, when he was un usually wakeful, he was startled by a loud noiso from the washing basin, but it was the jar of tho water pipe, the water having been ] suddenly turned off. A deep ? buzzing sound — evidently the sound as of some- 1 ono reciting — and a bang indicated the drawing oi water, at some distant point, and the absence of a patent tap which is used in many English houses in oonnection with the water supply. The gentleman ad mits that to a person half dead with terror the sounds he heard would have been appal ling in the extreme — to him they only proved that ordinary noises can be transmitted in that house with unusual facility and to un usual distances. Surely this is an obvious and natural ex planation. Of course the noises described and others aro heard ; and it is not at all wonderful, being what they are, that the majority of tho investigators, prepared for inexplicable manifestations, should havo as cribed those clangs, and steps, and shuffling noises, and buzzings, and thuds, to a super natural cause. Heard in the stillness of night they would bo startling even if uot augmented by fear, and fear was no doubt present in the case of some of tho investigators. But wo could easily supply similar manifestations. Por a haunted house which might quickly win a reputation for being tho abode of noisy ghostly inmates there is no 'need to go to Scotland. Wo know of two or thr6e in the immediate neighbourhood of Maitland — of one in particular, in which some of the manifestations of Ballecliinare of nightly occurrence. The Society for Psychical Research would havo as much warrant for investi gating into these as it has had into those of tho Scottish mansion. At dead of night the sleeper may bo -awakoned by the apparent tramp of a ghostly procession down the stairs, and a very slight effort of imagination is required to note how the feet of each mem ber of the visionary baud pass from stop to step. This is indeed an unusual example of ghostly sounds, but every ono knows how when tho world is hushed during the hours of darkness, noises unnoticed in daylight be como conspicuous, and how roadily they may be translated by tho fancifal hearer into signs of iincartlily presences. 