? A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. .Case Investigated by a Score of People and Vouched for by_ a Prominent Member of-Parlia _ ?' ment- . Locomotor Ataxia long Considered . Incurable by tho First Phy sicians of the World has at last .'Ybeen Conquered. A Great Victory for . Dr. Williams' . Pink,Pills. ' . tKtom tho " ,, ). ; j- ON Thursday afternoon, our representa- <*> tive made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He whs discovered nursing a, two-year old baby, and his tuco' ilcclivrort him to bo ona of tlio happio?t mcin in Sydney.'- Ho was up and nolo to answer tlio knock at tKo door. Although polound bearing still tho marks of a critical illno?s and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an in-- valid on the rapid roiid to convalosconco: : In roply to tho preliminary questions/ho said: " You want to know all about my caso? Well, lam glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tho facts may bo of vuluo. to tlioso who nro Btrickon as I was." " How long wore you sufforing ?" ' ?'.Wolf, twelve months ago I got so bad tliat I had to loavo off- work and I; have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas,' I' met with an acci ? dont: I wiis badly scalded whilo taking u hath in PitUatreot, Sydney. Sinco tho accident X havo been in.failing lioalth, and after four yoars of gradual development of tho malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Qlebo Island." . " What wore tho symptoms ?" ? . : " Simply indescribable. The pains woro something terrible. They woru just about as much as I could bear. TUoy woro for nil tho world like as if a saw wore cutting my bones in'two in ovory part of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and wnH a nuisance to inysolf and everyone else. 1 was incossantly ehivoring and shaking, and could neither out nor sloop. On tho 23rd March last I snwii woll-known doctor and ho told m-> that my case was utterly hopolosa. Ilowovor, ho gavo mo nu order to tho Director of Charitablo In stitutions." ? ; "Did you mnko usoof tho order?" ?' No ; I canio homo and went to bod, and have boon pretty well in bod over .since. Five weeks iiio I could not walk across tho floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bod. T felt then that it wns nil over with mo, and only ?i question of dnys when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor wus attending me, nnd did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to oneu tho ngony I wne in. I was undor hini for five or six weeks, 110 enmp to tlio conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, u disoaee of tho spinal cord,.charnc torised by peculiiir disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary inovo monta. lie told me that I might- Inst for ton years, ancLthat I might never got tho use of my legs. (J ust tliou the pationt kicked his, legs about with energy to show that medical opinion in not infnUiblo.) Woll, just as n drowning man will grasp at n straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by tho advertisement describing'tho euro ofTectcd in tho case of another boiler-makor in England, which I road in the Australian Workman, by Dr. "Williams, Pink Pills for Palo Pooplo. 1 road in the advortieoraont of a caao which seomod to lit my own. I determined to give tho Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. Tlio effect woe as marvellous ns it was magical. I waa able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matto'r with mo. It wjis tho first appetito ? and rout I had for many a dny. It was in credible. I immediately left tho bed and was ivble to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, nnd nm now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the uid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering 'in- former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches tliero? Tiioy aro perfectly non-, and I ha ve uovor used them. Tlu-y wore mado for mo boforo I got tho Pink Pills, but I waa too weak to uso thorn, and now I don't want them."* All I want is this stick, and I hopo soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." ?-? _ " Ho is 100 per. cent, better," said Mrs .Tarvis, who had como in and taken tho baby on her knees.' ?? Tho Pink Pilla have- saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis lookod ten years younger that day thau ho did n fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " havo a oold bath, and all the fooling has como back in my logs. If I keep on going tho way I am, 1 hopo to bo nblo to rosuino work ns n boilor- muker. and you know I havo to be in the very pink of health nnd strength to work at thnt trndo. I am bettor to-dny than 1 have bean at any tiriie during tho past five years. '?' I ascribo all tho chnngo and benefit to thoso Pink Pills. Thoy havo saved my life. lamin no pain now, what ever, and feol - Hko .a. now man. On tho mantlepicco there is a box of opium nnd morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excrnciatiug pain'. But thoy can stay whoro they aro, for 1 w longer nc?d thoui. Everybody who knows mo has bcon amazed at the change in me. They can hardly boliovo thoir oyos. My : being about again has caused quite? a sensation out horo." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all tho chiof nows paporaof this country of tho nstonishing cures wrotight by Dr. Willinms' Pink Pills for Palo People* Thoy euro locomotor ataxy partial paralysis, and spinnl disease, aleo tha many disorders which uriso from an im povorished state of the blood, such as ana-mia, pain ?'and sallow comploiion, goueral inuscuUir wenknoas, indigestion, loss of nppotite, shovtness of broatb, pains in tho haok, nervous hcadocho, etc. Mr J. S. T. M'Qowen, loader of the Labor party in tho N.S.W. Assembly, waseoenby ourroportor in connection with thoromnrk ablu caoo of Tiiomus Jarvis. Mr M'Qowen says lio has kuowu Jarvis from infancy. He also kuuw that ho had to jjivu up his work at fllolio Telanil ahattoira 12 months npn, nwinij to n. lunlady which ha dovolnpod. Jle nftcrwardH heard that Jnrvia was bod liddcu, and that thoro was little chance of his rccoVory. lio uudurstooil Jarvie was refused admission to the Sydney Hospiui as hia'eiuib hud boon pronounced incurable! Mr M'Gowen was; therefore like everyone else who }cnonr the facts, astounded at lh, complete recovery of Jarvia. Dr.vwraiiiime*.Pmk Pills are oMninaM. from all leading chemists, or.frotnthn Dr.AyjUie.tne' Jlodicino Co., Queen's IV Sydnoy, who will forward {pout pay) „„' receipt of stanjEe'or'in>et ordor 1 box f or 2s Od., or' 4 dozen for 14s Od. 