THE STORY-TELLER THAT FRENCHMAN. [BY WANDERER.] "Hullo! What on earth have you b-er> doing?" I said, as Mr. Sharpe entered my study one evening, with his left arm in a sling, and his coat sleeve hanging empty. "Have you been disputing the right of way with a scorching cyclist, or did you got in the road of an infuriated tramcar? You look as pale as if you had seen a ghost." "No," answered Mr. Sharpe; "I have not been mixed up with either a bike or a tram, but I did come into collision with about the toughest specimen of the frenus criminal whom it has been my good or ill fortune to run acamst during my whole professional career, and as a mark of his extreme regard he (rave me two beautiful slashes with a long knife which he carried, and the loss of biood has made rae feel a trifle Bhaky. The blade went right through my arm instead of my heart, for which it was intended, wounding the radii.1 artery. Fortunately my slight knowledge of surgery enabled me to stop the bleedins somewhat by means of a compress made out of my handkerchief and a cork, or by this time I should have been measured for, my coffin. As it is, the doctor has invalided me for a week, and ordered me to stay in bed —an order which I shall carefully disobey. A week in bed would kill me; besides, lam much more comfortable here." And Mr. Sharpe sat down by the fire, and passed his pipe over to be tilled. " I have only one hand, so I must ask you to load my meerschaum for me," said he, "after which, if you like, I will tell you how I managed to come by this," touching his bandaged arm. " I have been dying to ask you ever since you came in," I replied, "but I thought that, for professional reasons, you might not be at liberty to tell me. You must have had quite an exciting time with such a bloodthirsty ruffian. Shall I mix you a little whisky and water before you begin? A slight stimulant won t hurt you m your present state." "Thanks. I will have just a spoonful," "answered Mr. Sharpe. " Ah, that's better. Now, a match if you please. Thank you; that will do splendidly. Yes; you are right. I had an exciting five minutes, not with one man, but two; and but for the precaution I took of bringing two good assistants with me there would have been an end of yours truly. The matter came about thus :— Four or five days ago it was reported from S. & Co.'s office that their warehouse had been broken into during the previous night, and goods stolen to the value of several hundred pounds. I was told off for the case, and at once proceeded to the scene of the burglary. The warehouse is, as you know, a very large building fronting C——street, but perhaps you are not aware that a right-of-way runs along at the rear of the premises. It was from this right-of-wiy, or rather through a window looking out on it, that the thieves, gained an entrance. The window, like all the others on that side, was strongly barred, and a night watchman passes the spot twice every hour, yet such was the dexterity of the burglars, and 60 perfect their tools, that they managed to remove three of the bus, thus making an aperture sufficiently large to admit a man's body,. and open the window without alarming the watchman. The night was a favourable one for their pumose, being pitch dark with a steady drizzle of rain falling all the time, so that it is not to be wondered at that the watchman did not notice the fact that the window bars had been removed. Is he trustworthy, do you say ? Oh, yes, perfectly. I have known him for many years, but people in his position are liable to get a little careless when a long time has elapsed without any depredations being committed on their rounds. Once inside the warehouse the thieveB could work at leisure, and very carefully did they sort out the most valuable and least bulky of the thousands of pounds worth of stock from whichtheyhad tochoose. One of them must have been acquainted with the run of the place; for the .gang went straight to the department where were stored the most expensive silks, laces, &c.;|, and did not meddle with any of the cheaper lines. They must have observed, too, at what hours the watchman passed through the right-of-way, for he swears that he saw no vehicle of any description there that nightj and yet, from the tracks in the lane, it was plain that a cart of some kind drew up opposite the window through which the burglars entered, and through which the Gtolen goods must have been passed to a confederate outside. After a thorough examination of the premises and the tracks in the lane, I came to the conclusion' that three men had been at work—two who entered the warehouse, and one who had driven the cart. The horse must have been restive, for he had pawed quite a hole in the roadway, and the prints of his shoes were quite distinct. On observing the latter narrowlj', I noticed a slight peculiarity in the imprint made. by the near hind shoe*. From the shape Of the shoe mark I could tell at once that the horse which made it had been specially shod to prevent him from "brushing," that is, knocking his hind feet together when trotting, and either by accident or design a corner of the heel had been cut off, thus leaving a peculiar gap in the imprint. That was my first clue, and a valuable one it proved. Finding that the night watchman could give me no useful information. I went to the barracks and roused the policeman who had been on the beat during the night. He was asleep, and growled not a little at being disturbed, but when I explained my errand he sat up at once, and remained for a few moments in deep thought. At last he said— " Well, you know, Mr. Sharpe, there are thousands of carts and cabs passing along my beat till, all hours, so that it would be impossible for me to remember any one in particular unless my attention were drawn to it in some way. I can't think of any such last night, but stop—yes, there • was one. The reason I noticed it was that the horse was a fast trotter, and was going at a great rate. It was getting near 3 o'clock, and the streets were quiet, when I heard the trap coming up C street, and I had a good mind to stop it and summon the driver for furious driving. There was no one. in the street to get hurt, however, so I let him go, and just as he passed I saw that there were three men in the cart, whi?h looked like one of those spring-carts used by fish hawkers and others. The men were talking loudly in some foreign language, and I put them down as Italian fish mongers in a hurry to get down to the market." I could get no more out of the constable, so I left him to continue his interrupted slumBers, and proceeded to the office for the purpose of giving a description of the stolen goods, for circulation among dealers, pawnbrokers, &c.; As I went along I was turning over iii my mind what the constable had told me about the "three foreigners and their fast-trotting horse, and the idea begun to grow upon me that they were the very, men who had burgled S and Co.'s warehouse. Of course you will say I had no reasonable reason for coming to that conclusion,'and no doubt you are right, but tlje thing had got into my head and there it stuck. However, I had little time during the next two days for theories. Calling in the assistance of some of the other men. I searched the dwellings'and rooms of every crook whom I knew to be in the city, but got nothing but abuse and protestations of injured innocence for my pains. On the second night, just as I was going home knocked up and out of temper, a note was brought to the office for me by a boy, who handed it to the clerk and vanished instantly. I knew the writing directly I saw it as that of Slippery Jim, a most notorious scoundrel, who is hand- andcrlove with inost of the thieves in the city, and informs on them all impartially when he has anything to gain by so doing. Ee has several times before given me reliable tips about his fellow-criminals. Indeed, he would not dare to supply misleading information; and in the present instance his note, -although laconic and couched in enigmatical language, was sufficient to show me that the instinct which connected in my mind the three foreigners in the springcart with S—— & Co.'s burglary was not at fault. Jim's note was as follows:— "What price New Caledonian escapees?" That was all. There was no signature, but I knew the scrawling hand of my correspondent. For some time I sat reflecting what this move on Jim's part might mean. It was just possible that he had been implicated in the burglary himself, and wished to throw the police off the scent; but 1 abandoned that hypothesis, as I had not only searched his place carefully without finding anything, but. he had sworn he could prove where he had been all that night. I need not tell you that I did not take his word for that, but on making enquiries I found that he had told the truth for once in his life. I vas therefore inclined to believe that a gang of foreigners—or, as Jim put it, French escapees from the peual settlement at Noumea—were working in the city, a fact which would naturally rouse the patriotic instincts of Jim and his friends, who wanted all the spoils which could be got for themselves. You may not bo aware of the fact that we have many of these escapees in our midst, but such is the case. Some there are who are well known to us: but as they have lived here for a!ld J'"™, ' ad ,llost exemplary lives we have ut , t:ium a,c ?" e ' i 10 H w;s,!!n to ° ® end , them back to the hell upon earth whence they came. Others there arc whose conduct here has not been so good, and these we find it necessary to deport at intervals to New Caledonia. It must be comparativelyeasy to escape from there, however, for new escapees are continually coining, some of whom have made the passage before, not once, but even tu-ice or thrice. Like most people of other nationalities thev live apart from the ]£n;riish-speaking section of the community, :-:o that it is rot difficult to find them if they are wanted. Now, there is one of the decenter class of escapees whom T have known for some years, a hardworking man, who has married here and is bringing up his family irreproachably, who has often given me valuable information as to the movements of such of his countrymen as were wanted bv the police, and to him I determined to go first thing in the morning. Accordingly after an early break fast I took a cab and drove out to the suburb in which he lives. Being fearful that any of his compatriots might take fright if I were seen going to his house, I pulled up at a bote! some distance from it, whence I sent him a note by the landlord's son, telling him to come and see me. In a few minutes he appeared, and when we were closeted in a private room, asked him if he knew any late arrivals anion,, his countrymen who would be likely to go in for burglary on a large scale. "Ah, Diai .'" he replied, "there is one Ah'. the villain! le srvJerat! the worst man in all Noumea. He tried to murder me before left the island, and has tried many times to' kill any warder who may punish him. He has been flogged—povj!—a hundred times, and now he has escaped and come here only one week ago. Many times since he came I thought I would send word to you, my friend but I thought again I will wait—perhaps Achille may give up his wickod ways and work hard, and then it would be a pity to seudhjm back yonder:" and the poor fellow shuddered at the thought. I questioned him further, and ascertained that Achille—whose surname was Lemaitre—was living with another Frenchman, who ostensibly got living by hawking fish, but was shrewdly suspected of adding to his gains by appropriating anything he could lay his hands on, I could not conceal my eagerness as I asked if this man possessed a springcart and a fast horse, and when on receiving an answer in the affirmative I jumped up and nearly embraced the little Frenchman; he looked at me as if he thought I had taken leave of my senses. "Monsieur is very strong," he said, nursing his hand, which I had wrung with unintentional fervour. " I would like tosee Monsieur squeeze the life out of that sacre cochon Achille. But be very careful, for Achille is handy with his knife, and it is always sharp. See," pulling open bis shirt and showing a long red scar on his ribs, " there is his mark. Tne knife slid along the bone, or"—and he jerked his thumb towards the ceiling. I asked my friend if he could help me to get a look at the suspected man's horse without any one being the wiser, and he said nothing was easier. He himself would go and borrow the horse and cart, and I could examine both at my leisure. I promised to regard him libe rally for his trouble, and away he went, to return in less than an hour with the turnout. I had taken exact measurements of the hoofmarks in the lane behind S & Co.'s, and you can imagine mv glee and satisfaction when I found that they corresponded exactly with those made by the Frenchman's horse, even to the little corner which was cut off. the near shoe. Had there been only one man to de^I with I wotfld have gone at once and searched tbe fishmonger's house for the stolen property, but as there were two at least, with the probability of a third, I deemed it wiser, to procure assistance, and well for me it was that ~ did so. Telling my friend to keep his tongue quiet, and not to return the horse and cart for two or three hours, I sprang into my cab and made for the office as fast as the horse could travel. On arriving there I sought the chief and unfolded my tale, upon which he told me to take as many men as I wanted, get a search-warrant, and proceed as quickly as possible to the scene of action, as the goods might be shifted at any time. Bearing in mind the desperate character of one at least of the men with whom I .had to deal, I chose the twja 'most powerful men in the office; then, having secured my search-warrant, drove straight to the fish hawker's house, which was situated not far from that occupied by the< man who had given me the information. We were all well armed, but hoped that our numbers and size—for all three were big men—would bring the Frenchmen to terms without the use of weapons. But we did not know Lemaitre, We halted our cab some distance from the house and proceeded on foot. On reaching the place I sent one of tbe men round to guard the oack door while I and the other knocked at the front. No reply was vouchsafed to our first .summons, but I could hear distinct! some persons whispering inside the house, knocked again more loudly than before, and in a minute or two I heard a step coming along the passage. The door was then unlocked and opened by a man whom I rightly judged to be the owner of the horse and cart. He must have known us. for he immediately tried to bang the door to again, but I had slipped my foot in as soon as it was opened, so that he could not shut it. "Vat you mean? Vat you vant here?"he cried, scowling at me. " I have a warrant here to 6earch your house,"I replied, "and I am coming in to execute it." . . Mills tonnerrcs! You no come in my house," he yelled. "Achillie! Ccs sont des sacries mouchardc, a moi; vile J" and I could hear the rapid steps of another man coming. It was no time to mince matters, so my mate and I threw ourselves against the door, which we burst open, and the next moment we were engaged in a terrific hand-to-hand combat in the passage. As the door opened the man who was holding it was jambed against the wall, and, leaving,him for my mate, I sprang forward to encounter the redoubtable Achille. I scarcely had time to see that he was a man of medium height but of enormouslv powerful build before we were locked together in a deadly struggle, i am not a weak man, but I soon found that my antagonist was far my superior in mere strength. His arms closed round me like a vice, and prevented me from getting at my revolver, and for a moment I thought he would crush my ribs in. I found he knew nothing of wrestling, however, so making a mighty effort I put the inside crook on him and threw him heavily, falling on him with all my weight. As ho touched the floor he suddenly let me go, and, drawine a long daggerknife from its sheath at his hip, made two lunges right at my heart, but I managed to catch them in my arm instead at the same time drawing my revolver. I had not time to use it though, for just then our third man appeared on the scene, having buret open the back door, and sent Achille to sleep with tap' on the head from the butt of revolver, just his knife ..was about to descend for the third tiin-- Perhaps it might have found a vital Sjot that time. As it was it was touch and go, for I bled like a stuck pig. All this takes a long time to tell, but it only lasted a few seconds. Ip fact when Moore came and relieved me of Achille's pressing attentions my other assistant had only just succeeded in handcuffing his - man. Having secured the two desperadoes so that they could give no more trouble, we searched a the house and found all the goods stolen from S & Co.'s, together with man v articles the proceeds of other robberies. We have not yet a arrested the third man, but there is every f hope that he will be found within the a next day or two. As for Achille. he will not grace this gaol with his presence very long, as the authorities in Noumea are anxious for his return thither to explain a little matter of cutting a warders throat before 1 he took his departure for this country, and no doubt he will have the opportunity of illustrating in his own proper person—with the aid of the guillotine—the manner in which the deed was done. And now, seeing that it is 12 o'clock, I think I must obey the doctor's instructions and go to bed. Goodnight. Well, yes: just a nightcap, to keep me from dreaming of Achille aud bis knife. And Mr. Sharpe, having imbibed, departed whistling the " Marseillaise." 