Temperance Topics. — [BY T. A. DUNN-DUTTON.] PURGA PROHlBITS PUBS. The poll on the third resolution of the Licensing Act of 1885 in No. 3 subdivision of the Division of Purga took place on Saturday last at the Board's ofice, at Bundanba, and re- sulted in the resolution being carried by a majority of 16 votes. Purga again prohibits "pubs." The majority is small, but yet larger than at the previous poll, when only seven sent success to the safe side. Everything passed off well, I am informed. Good feeling existed on both sides, for if the teetotallers won, you know, they would be satisfied, and if the "other fellows" won-well, they only had to knock up a list of names and get a club. Per- fect faith appeared to be placed in the powers that be. No dificulty in getting a club license -oh, dear no! It was simply a matter of "ask and ye shall receive." To cock-sure men it may be suggested that (as so many expect to see certain things come to pass) there is a trite saying that "it is the unexpected which hap- pens." All great movements, permanent effects of causes, grow slowly. The majority has grown fromn 7 to 16. What will the next be? Which resolution will it be? There were doubtless votes recorded against the resolution by those who thought a club was better than an hotel, and so voted for hotels. This inside- ous and fallacious argument was used by inter- ested parties, who will, however, be benefited against their wills-by the result of Saturday's poll. There are numbers of miners who declare that in the same district the first resolution could have been carried if it had been voted upon. There may be something in it, some thing in the miner's "straight" character which enables him-if once divorced from "the old hog"--to get on so swimmingly with the "none." There are thousands of miners in Great Britain who have voluntarily elected to stay in the villages of collieries in districts where the drink is prohibited-districts which are the property of wise landlords, who have said, "If you want the drink you must go where it is allowed. I don't allow it here!" And they stay, and prosper in health and wealth. Such places have not any police, nor jail, nor hospital to support. It is to the credit of our miners of Purga that for morality and sobriety they show an excel- lent example. Would this continue if the drink dens were foisted on them? Turn to colliery districts where the drink is rife, and the change-the contrast-is at once per- ceptible. See the neglected homes, careworn ill-treated wives, and wailing bairns. The husband is away from home. Where? Look at yonder swaying mass of men! Hist! What mean those hoarse shouts-the oaths and those blood-curdling blows. A bystander tells you its nothing-when you're used to it. "The drink's in man; what can you expect?" Expect? Expect? Aye expect? Well I should expect them to keep it out. But look! Can it be possible that men made in the image of our Saviour can batter each other about in that truly awful way ? But the body is only the temple of the Holy Ghost until another spirit enters. When the devil (in solution) enters into that temple, the Holy Ghost clears out. There is not a resting place for Him there. "But I say Dutton, old man, draw it mild, you know. You're dabbing on the dark colours of the picture I" Aye, the old, old story. But that story does not save our loved ones from the danger of your evil example, Mr. One Glass Moderation ! When my brother is degraded by drink, and my sister in an inebriate home or wandering the streets of some great city, what will you do ? Nothing! What will you say? Say, why he is a drunken beggar-kick him out. As for her-poor thing, they take that way sometimes, you know! Those who know anything of mining districts know that in some of them such scenes as I have outlined are not overdrawn, but occur with clock-work regularity when "pay-day" comes round. It is nearly twenty years ago, but a scene which nearly cost me my life is as vivid in my mind's eye as it was when enacted. It was a day's sea trip up the coast of the old land and a visit to a picturesque spot celebrated in border wars. The spacious excursion steamer was crowded, and there were great numbers of miners-" Geordic's"-aboard in their Sunday best. Some had brought their bottles aboard, and, of course, there was a "bar" below. The inevitable occurred-it is a straight line from drinking to quarreling. As the steamer glides up the deep harbour, the row grows. Words- blows-tumult-a sway- ing mob. Suddenly a rush to one side " Back, back, or she's over," the captain clung to the rails of the bridge as in stentorian tones he swiftly hurled the words at the mob. Aye, it was a near shave. Another point of the compass, and what a crew to sail into eternity with! And think of their ports of call-their destina- tion. Some for Port Paradise purchased, and others doomed to cruise for ever in unknown depths. I have been face to face with death on sea and land before, sometimes so near tihe brink that I seemed to feel the Saviour's hand leading me across-and when I have come to, what a strange place this world seemed. How different was another scene, in another act of life's play. A huge greyhound of the sea storm-large numbers of persons aboard shifting cargo. " Ware ship !" Aye, the land-lubbers understandr it not, but look at the glances of the sailors from the ship to the sea -note the blanched face of the man at the wheel-that quartermaster with eyes almost starting from their sockets as he watches that painter on yonder brass dial. As the ship is turning she is struck by a sea, and-see the men thrown about, some praying, some speech less. Aye, we thought that was our last hour. But danger is past, and the good ship recovers hersef. But two more of those points of the dial passed-and we should have gone down holus bolus. But every man jack was sober, which is a mighty dillcrence to those who are not sober-eh! beg pardon ? Well, turn up your Bible and read for yourself, my friend. And as one knows not at what hour of tlhe day, or which minute of the hour--hi! or what second of the msinute-Death may knock peremptorily at our door, let us always be sober. Yes, Purga has done wisely. It cannot conceive the evil from which it has delivered it self. Will Walloon want whisky, wine-or, wisely, water? 