THE" SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. By HlaroldZ . A-ackeneice. [corraIntIr untsvED.] mrTPTEg I. Conrs?avEo. As hie mnmted the box-seat one bright spring morning, drawing on his dog-skies, and took the reins from the groom, the leaders dr.zhed rltwith a merry " who-o. n-ph" from Eric, and much barking from thsr two enolia dogs which accompanied the trap. I:saide him sat a smnllblack boy, borot ad bred at "Karatoomah," taken for the purpose of opening gates and making himself generally useful. T;poo, such was his name, had some whatr of a grotesque appearance, as clad ;n a claret-colored coat withl immense silver buttons, and high hat, he sat stolid as the sphinx beside his master. The road lay through some of the pret tiest country to be found in the neighbor hood. For miles a lagoon, calm and clear as a mirror, fringed tothe water's edgewith thick :ogetation, where sild-duck and w:tter-fowl remained undisturbed, bor dered or. side of it; on the other stretched away for miles the now laxuri ant paddocks of aratoonmah, encircled by thick belts of eucalypti. Beyond this raain and soma fifteen miles lay Tiimboora, a place the reader has previously made =:r.tain;t.ance with. sevcr was Eric in such good spirits as *.n this iright and health-giving morning, he restrained a too willing leader or touched up a slogg:ish poler, which were taking him to Timbotra, for the purpose of joining in some festivities provided by the mannsaer. Since lMuriel's departure mnny months n-,,, he hIad never set foot in the house. Duncas Grey had then appointed the present. locrn terano, a jovial open hearted bachelor of some forty years of g- to act as manager. As ho turned his team into the last paddock which separated him from the home-station, the house wherein he had passed to many pleasant hours burst into view. Never did it lknt better. The garden, one mass of flowering plants, casting far and wide its rich scents, the tennis-court was a perfect sward of vel ve', on which a set of players were con tenting for victory, and above all came the a,:ghter of girlish voices, which Erie .oved to hear. As the panting team halted in front of iae house and Ronald Gregory issued ",rth to bid him welcome, Eric felt, de-, spite his former gaiety, a slight misgiving of the heart. fe saw before him the garden wherein he had pledged his love, the house now tenanted with gay and :heerful voices, but amongst them none like •Muriels, so low and musical in sound. ' Glad to see you, Rymanscourt," said the cheery voice of Ronald; "come in and have a 'nip' after your drive," with . hich refreshing greeting the two sauntered into the dining-room to partake of spirits and water, during the con umtnption of which they talked of many lh:ns ; what number of bales there was likely tobe at the end of shearing, the prospect of the welcome rains continuing, and all those questions which are so dear to the squatter's heart. Then they came to queations of a social character. " And so, my boy, you kept it dark as long as you could," said Ronald, cheer fully poking Eric in the ribs, " but bless you, we knew all about it long before you told us." Their conversation was here interrupted by the presence of two young ladies and; their cavaliers, who had just completed a set at tennis and were now discussing the rights of victery. Eric, rising, was introduced by Mlr tiregory to Miss Elwood and Miss Sea combe, who, under the care of the rmer's mother, were now staying at Tnmboora. As the company sat down to dinnerthat evenintg, comprising some thirty guests in rna:her, drawn together from all parts of the district. Eric's alloted partner dur. .u: the repast was the latter of these two l:eng persons. 3Mary Seacombe, as she sat under the sha!le of the rose-colored lamps, lending !:cr complexion quite a beautiful tint, but which, when seen under the full glare of daylight, was not quite so faultless, plied Eric with all manner of questions as toq his movements. She was known to people in general as the husband-hunter, and scarcely could a more applicable name have been given to her. Her age was somewhere between twenty and twenty- five, but this, she kept a profound secret, and to give her her due, thanks to the aid of pearl powder and bloom of roses, she did not look much more than eighteen. She delighted in eccentric costumes which she believed exercised a captivating influence over the masculine mind, and was known on oc casions after a day with the hounds to have drunk soda and brandy and smoked cigarettes. She flattered herself that at billiards, or turning a team of four horses in their own length, she was as good, if not better, than the average man. Her conversation was generally of the raciest order which allured one kind of man and repelled another. It may he said, however, that inexcunase forsome of Mios Seacombe's idiosyncrasies that they were due more to ignorance t!an from a sense of impropriety. Her imahiler had died at an early age, leaving her in the care of a father who in the exercise of paternal advice was very remiss, allowing her to hase quite her own way, so long as he was notinterfered with. lIe was dotingly fond of his daughter, and on this account was very blind to throse faults which to the casual ot,:erver were so clearly palpable. "I've a tip-top fencer now, Mr.i Rynmanscourt," she began, as sipping her champtgne she turned her lustrous eyes on Eric, "and am thinking of entering him for the ' Squatters' Cop' next year." i "Indeed. Iims Seacombe-and where did you pick him up, and maylaskwhere yos intend training him ?' "Ah, ha I now MIr. Rymanscourt, that would indeed be telling secrets"-which renmark, with a roguish twinkle in her eyes which seo knew so well how to aoume, quite amused Eric. "You'll see him allin good time, and I'll take long odds in fivers that he gets a place in any case." Miss Seacombe here pecked at the meringue which she had on her plate, more to pass the time than be cause she really felt any inclination for eating. " So let it be," replied Eric, "nothing would please me more than to see your horse win." The dinner having drawn to an close, the ladies sought the drawing-room. Ronald Gregory was a man who knew how to entertain well. Being, as we have said, a bachelor of the gay order, he delighted to surrouhd himself with such yontg folk as he had now asked to Tim. boors. !'"Help yourself to the claret and pass it along," he exclaimed every now and then to a member of the company who might have allowed his glass to remain empty too long. Eric, now that the running fire of con versation which hIis late companion so earnestly kept up had subsidedl, leaned back lazily in that self-contented state whichcotmestoaperfectlyhlealthy manaftecr dining. Opposite him sat a son of ocie of the wealthiest men in Ihiverina, a young fellow whom it was supposed thant any girl might have accepted had she had the chance. Born in Victoria, he had been sent to England to paso a few years at Cambridge and on the continent, and had returned what might be termed a p ,lished youngman. lisame war s Dailrymple, and at one time it was though lt that his attentions to Muriel Grey were not to pr?ne fruitless. The public, however, I.were wrong, for MIuriel, although Fssomu 'y, l9o;, n ,Is.e- 107 I," re ass s'eamships arriosd a ot Ir hAdsliel, ogainst 100 dsring 1893-6. apprecmating Ine many courtesies, could never bring herself to care for hint any more than as . friend. As Dalrymple up to the present time had not had a chance of speaking to Eric, he wished, despite the fact that the. latter had what is generally termed "cut him out," to show that as far as lie was concerned, not the slightest feeling of ill will existed. Dalrymple's manly nature and good. training had taught him to despise all: such mean sentiments as jealocsy, in viewing the position of his more fortunate rival, though not long since he would have cut oilff Iis right hand had Muriel bid him do so. All was over now, however, and there was no use in regretting what might have been. Tossing his cigar-case over to Eric he offered hlim one and proposed a stroll outside; the two then wandered on to the tennis ground. The heat of the day had given place to a calm, cool and starlight night, as they took their seat away from tile sound of mirthful voices which issued from the open casements. Dalrymple's first words to Eric, as he puffed the rice-paper and tobacco, came naturally and without any tone of insin. cerity in them. "IMy heartiest con gratulations and good wishes, Rvmans court, and believe me, that although I would have given all I possessed to be in your place, I know that you have won the love and respect of Miss Grey, where I have failed. Though rivals we may have been, I trust that whatever little differences we may have had will be sunk in the past Your hand, Hlymascourt, as a proof that I mean it." The words uttered with such genuine feeling touched Eric, and as he proffered his honesthandin response to Dalrymnple's, the latter's character rose an hundred fold m his estimation. After this the two welded together in somselsing more than a mere acquaintance ship, had many things in common, and for a quarter of an hour gave rein to thoughts of a varied character. When they entered the house and sought the drawing-room where the company were assembled listening more out of courtesy than in admiration to the metallic tones of Miss Seacoumbe's voice struggling through "Aon E rer," each took a seat quietly, thinking to himself that whatever else Miss Seacombe might do, singing was not her strong point. Later on, however, when shoe was asked to take a cue at pool, she proved herself to have a remarkably straight eye as taking their "lives" as well as their shillings, for what woman is nota gambler at heart, she won the admiration of all present, As the men sought the smoking-room to have a final whiff before retiring to rest, Mliss Seacombe's prowess as a billiard player had become renowned. "Yes, and Egad," said a rubicund faced old bachelor, "what a figure, and what arms-if I were twenty years younger The remainder of this eulogy on the somewhat questionable beauty of Miss Seacombe was met with peals of laughter from the rest of the company who flattered the speaker by telling him that his chance was as good as ever. When Eric laid his head on the pillow that night, the thoughts of the next day's doings kept him awake for a time. Eric had entered himself and his horse for the " Squatters' Cup," a race of three miles over some of the stiffest fences that the heart of any sportsman could wish for. His final orders to Tipoo were to call him at seven in the morning, from which time there remained but scarce six !hours. i With all the coming excitement of the morrow Eric was soon wrapped in sleep, lreaming of great yawning crerasses over. iwhich he and his trusty hunter were lying with the utmost unconcern, CHAPTER V. T?IE SQUATTEIRS' CUP. The day of the Finbourne race meeting was ushered in with all the appearance of wet weather, but after a alight shower or two which was just enough to lay the dust, the sun which had been biding be hind a thick bank of clouds issued forth, making all bright again. Everyone was up betimes; some were to ride to the course and others drive. Amongst thbse who rode were young Dalrymple anid Miss Seacombe, the latter attired in a dark greed habit, th n which, per haps, nothing could have suited her better. Eric, of course, was to drive his team, and great was the anguish amongst the remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on io the box. seat. These little attentions, which, perhaps, may seem nothing, are not thought lightly of amongst single girls who fancy them selves slighted when perhaps, as often happens, a married woman usurps what they regard as their right. In this case, however, Eric did not wisl to givb of fence. He felt himself privileged, being an engagedman, to choose whomneover he pleased, and with that in view chose the best looking to ornament the front seat of his drag. It could not be denied either that Mrs. Fordyce was very sweet to look upon. She had when analysed no very great re deeming features in her face, yet withal, therewasanindescribablebeautyofexpres. sion which lent a charm to her eyes, and a month just a thought too large, per haps. - The recent showers had drawn a sweet smelling fragrance from the pine and encalypti trees which lined the track that led to the course over which the drag and four bowled. Rabbits, these pests of the squatter, s:udded across the road in hundreds, as the noise of approaching hoofs startled them from their ambush. Cockatoos, magpies, and the irrepressible jackaoss with its mocking laugh greeted the party from the neighboring clumps of wattle and gum. The morning was just such a one as makes the heart of man rejoice, and now that the little Fordyce episode had been forgotten, the party under Eric's charge was laughing and talkuing merrily. "I must really lay claim to much honor in being favored withll this seat when so many girls are present," ex claimed Mrs. Fordyce, in her most win nmng way. "You must not forgot, however," answered Eric, "that you are the right person in the right place, seecing that you are acting the part of cha perone." At this spe?ech an amuied little smile played round the corners of hlier mouth, knowing that if tiit t1rm could be ap plied to her in theory, practically her chaperonage was a farce. "Telkihg of chaperons, lir. RIymans court," she continued, "do you bhlieve the company Would behave themselves any tile less wnere I not present. Is it not in these days, whlen girls are all\wed so much independence, just a trills absurid ? We have not the eyes of Argus to watch them everywhere." "Well, really now, you come to put it in that way," touching up tlhe near side leader, "it does strike me as being such,. more especially when the chlaperone in qilestion receives as much, if not more attention, than those under her charge." At ,is remark thle large black sunshade of lMrs. ]Fordyco was gently loweredt ini, iorder to concual from Eric the micihiovouC smile oi hier face. "Vere nstnly I-ut, Mr. Itymans court, it wouldn't d, to say that ouch a ispeech comning from a engaged manI is out of place. You are a privlleg di being, and exercise that right to perfection; were you other;wire I should order you to tur I the hor2ses heans." Eric ilnow just how mucth l this last, apparently withering retort, to, Lclieve. Il:res was the kind if dispoitionl telot he fancied he could fathom so easily. To' put hlier out of temper was impossible, to whatrever else popl?~e mighit have ajiti The sun rtr t I i oil , f e T Ily Me mrii l'tilwau O ph. i ge ig .Shylocy ii £700. about the pretty Mrs. Fuordyce, this at least, could not be laid to her chanre. Ier husband who was seated at the back of the vehicle, poring over a race card, was in her eyes of as little import. ar.co as the leavrs which strewed the track ahead of thuem. She hail made a bad marriage, and moro sentiblo othan most of her sex, wasaware of it. But never did she by a ghost of a clhance o ap ponr no before the world as anythitog but tiht haonit t of morlals. She looked upon all display of temper, when her hus. band did something to exasperate her, as the worst of form, only suitable as she .would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of all- descriptions ivere her positive aversion, and site avoided them. 'She was without children, and rather congratulated herself upnc the fact, be. lioving as she did that if there had been any they would most certainly have taken after their father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyco now possessed were due to the result of this unhappy alliance. Her marriage, like many another, had started under the most favorable auspices, only to grow as time wore on, utterly intoler able. That trust which the had eo imt plicitly placed in her hushband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatment she had received from her partner, and unable to show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. " What about your chance of winning today, Mr. Rlymanscourtl' she exclaimed, as scarcely more than two or three miles separated them from the course. "Ah, that is more than I can say, but if training can do anything and "Tear away" doesn't show temnper at the post I'll be bound to say we'll make a good race of it." " Why are all these exciting pleasures reserved for men," continued Mrs. For dyce, "whilst we poor mortias itching for something of the kind can only look on. It makes me far more nervous to watch a steeplechase than if I really rode in it." " Come, now, Mrs. Fordyce, plucky as you are, no one would care to see you risking yourlife in that fashion. Imagino your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It makes one shudder to think of it." Mrs. Fordyce had never regarded the situation from this point of view. "Well, I can assure you there will be no pleasure for me to-d.ty until the Cup is over. My heart will be in my mouth at every jump your horse comes to." This last was said with almost a pathetic tone in her voice, to whichl Eric, not uu flattered by the remark, replied: "Nonsense, it will be the most glorious fun out, and remember from your hands and no other will I take the ribbon of honor if my horse wins." Mrs. Fordyce would have wished for nothing better than to have been able to crown Eric Rymanscourt with vic. tory's reward. In many ways and by casual little speeches let drop, she had shown her cards to this asture young man, who now 'rattled on to the course in the midst of a varied assortment of people who had flocked to the Finbourne meeting. In front of what was generally known as the "Grand-stand" the "laratoo. noah drag and its living freight came to a halt. Had the day been made to order, none better could have been provided. The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud-tongued, and ar rayed in garments of wonderful and fear. ful make, shouted the odds in one's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about from carrings to carriage, going through the usual buffoonery. Auut Sallies, three- card trick men, thimble. 'riggers, and the thousand and one honest and dishonest distractions of a race. course were here in abundance. 'Within the saddling paddock, where Erie, accompanied by Ronald Gregory and others of the party were, walked the horses, swathed from ltead to foot in warm rugs. Jockeys and trainers stood about in knots here and there, deep in consultarion as to the likelihood of the patient training bestowed on thleir re spective horses at length resulting in success. Around a dark iron.grey hunter, clad from bead to foot in a thick navy blue rug with the initials " E.R." worked in the corners, stood Eric, Dalrymtple and others. "Strip him," said the former to the stable-boy, whose arms were nearly pulled out of theirsockets from the con stant habit which Tearaway had of throwing his head op. Presently was revealed to their gaze the satin-like coat of the grey, whose veins, standing out like thick cords, and bold eyes, clear as crystal, denoted this picture of equine grace and strength to be in the pink of condition. "What do you think of him 1" on. quired Erie of Ronald. "Couldn't be better," remarked the latter, Whose judgment in matters of horse-flesh was much respected. "How about that ,tf fore-leg, looks to me a trifle puffy. Has he had bandages on I" enquired the manager of Tiinboora, walking up to examine the limb more closely. "You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gregory," answered Eric. " That is the only queer-looking point plbut him; there is nothing really wrong, however. I've hunted him twice a fortnight regu. larly with the Helbourne hoiitda ivitlhout his showing the slightest sign of ve'ak. ne. - (io be continued.) Set a small box of lime in the pantry, at it will help keep it dry and the air pare. "Goe give as grace to Iknow Thy will and grit to do it," writes an editor; sand then he lohks to see if all the chambers of his "gen" are loaded, Wmar differenee is there between a bold, bad man and a flannel shirt ? The dif. ference is that a bold, bad man shrinks at nothing, while flannel only takes umbrage at water. "As howis your hueband,Mrs. 3'Carte 1 Is he as hard a worker as ever ?" "No; John ain't worked a day for seventeen years." "In he incapacitated?" "No, ma'am; he' dead." Tarnos (at home on a visit): "Well, father, what is the news?" Neptune: "N"o. thing much, except that a large number of the fisheS have struck for the adoption of a uniform scale." nSue: "Uncle Charles, what should you call Mhr.Croeesbar a harper or a harpis~t ?" IHe: "aeither. I I called him anything I should Eay he woa a confounded nuisance." "CrusO," said Plangle, "what is Jay Smith doing for a living nowl" "A can, tractor." "Ahl I In what linef" "In Debts." "MIonx, mamma," sobbed a little three. yearold girl, running into the house, much offended, "I wish you'd whip the old hen. She won't let me see the chichies. Ohe dect lilted up her drees, and they all run night under." " SrhoAG that a big fellow like our John should fall in love with that living skeletn, MliseaBeaconhill,"eaid the mother. "No. thing etrango about it," replied her hue. band; "didn't yon ever hear of Jalck and the bean stalk 2" "How many kinds of foroe are there!" oaked the school teacher of the boy at the head oe the elas. "Three, sir." "Name them." " cdily force, mental force, and the police force," was the prompt reply, " PonRtrc, me koy," eaid the genial biet, "yehnove had quite enough to dhrinl. Take me advice; when ye get to the top of the Street ye'll eo two cnrts ; take the first, be. cauce, begorra, there's only one." " Wtrne are you going, my pretty maid I" "Into coeiely, tir," she eaid. "May I go withll you, my pretty maid i" "If you've plenty of money, good ir," ebshe E ni d . "I haven't a penny, my pretty maid." "Then I wish you good morning, sir," she said, The Q'me n, it ic said, has never partstl with al) of tlhe goons she his worn. It isa little fad of hers to treasure them up.. 