Kate Wilton; OK, A Fortune's Penalties. By GEORGE MANVILLE FENN. Author of «« Black Blood," 'Tbe White Virgin," "The Electric Spurt." "The King of the Castle," " The Tiger Lily." etc. CHAPTER. XXXIX. — (Continued.) As she sat there with every nerve on the rack, a strange feeling of faintness came over her, and she started up in horror at the idea of losing her senses, ana oeing at this man's mercy. And as she walked hurriedly to and fro, tremb ling as she felt the faintness increasing, some relief came, for she grasped the fact that her faintness was due to want of food, and it was past mid-day. There was the bread close at hand, though, and turning to it she began to crumble up the pieces and to eat, though it was only with the greatest difficulty that she accomplished her task. But it had the required effect — the sensation of sinking passed off. And now she set herself the task of trying to think of someone among the very few friends she had known before her father's, death to whom she could send for help; but there did not occur to her mind one to whom she could apply in such a strait. There were the people at the bank, and the doctor who had attended her father in his last illness, but they were com paratively such 6trangers that she shrank from writing to them; and, at last, unnerved, and with her mind seem- ",&fg; to refuse to act, she sat there feel- ''J®&\that there was not a soul in the 'wdrwk whom she could trust but the She could sendto Jenny, who 'W0ul3f«he knew, be up in arms at once; was her brother. She could not, she flare not ask him, and it would "Jehfelt, asking him. It would be 'SdyiyteiTp re ted if she wrote. And then came the question which sent a shiver through her frame — what must he think of her, and would he come to her help as he would have done be fore she committed so rash an act? Kate's weary ponderings were inter rupted by a tap at the door, which pro duced a fit of trembling, and she glided to it to slip the bolt, which had hardly passed into its socket before the house keeper's voice was heard. "I beg your pardon, ma'am, but lunch is ready.and master would be glad to know if you are well enough to come down." A stern negative was the reply, and for about a quarter of an hour she was undisturbed. Then came another tap, and the rattling of china and glass. "If you please, ma'am, I've brought your lunch." She hesitated for a few moments. The desire was strong to refuse to take any thing, but she felt that if she was to keep setting Garstang at defiance till she could escape, she must have energy and strength. So, unwillingly enough, she unfastened the door, the housekeeper en tered with a tray, and set it' down upon the table. "Can I bring you up anything more, ma'am, and would you like any wine?" "No," was the abrupt answer, in tones that would bear no reply, and the woman went away, the door being fas tened after her. The lunch tray looked dainty enough, but it remained untouched for a time. A desperate resolve had come upon the prisoner, and once more seating herself, she wrote a piteous letter to Jenny, imploring help, directed it, and placed it ready for giving to poor Becky when 6he came again. Stamps she had none, but she had a little money, and doubtless the girl would despatch her note in safety. The desperate step taken, she felt more at ease, and feeling that her state of siege must last a couple of days longer she sat down and once more forced her self to eat, but she shrank from touch ing the water in the carafe, looking at it suspiciously, and preferring to partake of some that was in the room. The tray was fetched in due time, and the housekeeper smiled her satisfaction; but she went off Without a word, and Kate felt that she would go straight to Garstang and report that the lunch had been eaten. She winced at this a little, but felt that it was inevitable, and feeling in better nerve she went to the door, which she had fastened, opened it a little, and stood there to watch for the coming of Bec ky. . But the hours glided by, and with a creeping sense of horror she saw the wintry evening coming rapidly on, and thought of the night.. Whenever a footstep was heard she was on the qui vive, but each time it was the mother. The daughter, who had before tbis seemed to be always gliding ghost-like about the place, was now in visible, and as Kate watched she saw the house-keeper light the hall jets and then descend to the kitchen region. Twice over she shrank back and se cured the door, for she heard Garstang cough slightly, and saw him cross the hall from library to dining-room, and in each case she let some minutes elapse before she dared open and peer out again. The last time It was to be aware of the fact that the dinner hour hod come once more, and soon after the wo man began to ascend the stairs, Kate retiring within and slipping the bolt, to stand and listen for the message she knew would be delivered. "Master's compliments, and are you well enough to come down, ma'am?" The brief negative sent the messen ger down again, and the prisoner was left undisturbed for a few minutes, when there was a sound of a tray being brought to the door, but this time it was refused entrance. Kate watched again eagerly now, feel ing that in all probability Becky would try to see her while her mother was oc cupied in the dining-room, but the time passed by, and there was no sign of her, and thoughts of desperately venturing to try and reach the front door attacked the listener, but only to be dismissed. "It would only ue to expose myself to insult," She said, and growing more and more despondent she once more closed and secured the door, expecting that there would be a fresh message sent up. In due time there was another tap at the door, but no request for her to come down. " I have brought you up some tea, ma'am." Kate hesitated about admitting the woman, for the memory of the scene at the same hour on the previous night flashed across her, but instinctively feel ing that the messenger was alone she unfastened the door and let her in. "Master's compliments, ma'am, and he hopes ,that your quiet day's rest will have done you good. He says he will not trouble you to see him to-night, but he hopes you will be yourself again in the morning. Good night, ma'am ; I won't disturb you again. The things can be left on the side table. Is there any thing else I can do?" "No, I thank you," said Kate, coldly. "Very good, ina'am." The woman went back to the door, and Kate's last hope of her turning a friend to help her died out, for she heard her sigh and say softly, evidently to be heard : "Poor dear master; it's very sad." "Good night!" said Kate, involuntari ly repeating the woman's words. "God help me and protect me through the long night watches, and inspire me with the thought that shall bring me help. How can I dare to sleep?" The answer came from Nature— impe rative, and who knew no denial; for once more the prisoner awoke, wonder ing to find that it was morning, and that she must have slept for many hours in a chair. ' CHAPTER XL. Tn the hope that an opportunity would soon come, and to be ready at any mo ment, one of Kate's first acts that morn ing was to write plainly a few words on a sheet of paper, begging Becky to post her letter, and enclosing it with the note in another envelope, which she di rected to the woman herself. This she placed in the folds of her dress, where she could draw it out directly, and waited. The housekeeper was not long before she made her appearance with a break fast tray, and was respectful in the ex treme. " Master thought, ma'am, that per haps you might like your breakfast alone this morning, but he hopes to see you at lunch. He is so unwell that he is not going out this morning." "Staying to watch for fear I should escape," thought Kate, and a nervous shiver ran through Iter; but rest seemed to have given her mental strength, and after breakfast she felt disposed to ridi cule the idea of her being kept there against her will. "It must be possible to get away," she thought. It only wanted nerve and determination, for' there was but the wall of the house be tween her and safety. Soon after breakfast the housekeeper appeared again, to remove the breakfast things. "Would you mind me coming to tidy up your room, ma'am, while you are here, or would you prefer me waiting till you go down " "Do it now," said Kate, quietly; and to avoid being spoken to she took up a book and held it as if she were reading. But all the time she was noting every thing, with her senses on the alert, and the next minute her heart began to throb wildly, for she saw the woman go to the door, pass out the tray, and it was evident that some order was given. Becky was there, and Kate sat trembl ing, her excitement increasing when the next minute there was a light tap at the door, and Becky was admitted to as sist in rearranging the room. This went on for about a quarter of an hour, with Becky carefully minding not to glance at the prisoner, who, with head bent, watched her every movement, in the hope of her being left alone for a few moments. But as the mother was always near at hand, the opportunity did not come; and at last, with the envelope doubled in her hand, Kate began to feel that she might give up this time, and would have to wait till she could see the woman pass ing her room. The disappointment was terrible, and Kate's heart sank In her despair as the housekeeper suddenly .said : "There, that will do — get on down stairs." She stood back for her daughter to pass her, and then followed to the door, where a whispered conversation en sued. ' "What? Left the brush?" "Yes; other side the room." "Be quick, then. Fetch it out." The housekeeper was passing through the door as she spoke and Becky reap peared, to cross the room hurriedly, with her face lighting up as she gave the prisoner a meaning look, drew something from her bosom, and thrust it Into Kate's hand, and took the note offered to her. "Now, Becky!" came from outside. The woman darted to the door. "Well?" "Can't find it. T'ain't there." The door closed, and Kate was once more alone, to eagerly examine the tiny packet handed to her. It was square, about an inch across, roughtly tied up with black worsted, and proved to be a sheet of notepaper, doub led up small, and containing the words, written in an execrable hand:— "You run away. Come down at twelve o'clock, and I'll let you out threw the airy." Letter rarely contained such hope as this, and the receiver, as she sat there, with her pulses bounding in her excite ment, saw no further difficulty. Her lonely position in London, the want of friei Js to whom she could fleeJ, the awk ward hour of the night — these all seem ed to be trifles compared to the great gain, for in a few hours she would be free. She carefully destroyed the note, burn ing it in the fire-place, and then sat thinking, after opening and gazing out of the window, to realise how true Gar- stang's words bad been. But they were of no consequence now, for the way of. escape was open, and she repented bit terly that she had despatched her letter to Jenny. Then once more a feeling akin to shame made her flush, as she thought' of Leigh and what he would feel on hearing the letter read by his sister. The day passed slowly on. A message came, asking if she would come down to lunch, and a he refused. Later on came another message, almost a command, that she would be in her usual place at dinner, and to this she made no reply, for none seemed needed; but she deter mined that she would not stir from her room. Then more and more slowly the time glided on, till it was as if night would never come. But she made (her preparations, so as to be ready when midnight did arrive. They were simple enough, and consisted in placing bonnet, mantle, and the fewest necessaries. Her plans were far more difficult: where to-go? She sat and thought of every friend in turn, but there was a difficulty in the way in each case; and in spite of trying hard to avoid it, as the last resource, she seemed to be driven to take refuge with Jenny Leigh; and in deciding finally up on this step she forced herself to ignore the thought of her brother, while feel ing exhilarated by the thought that the course pursued would be the one most likely to throw Garstang off her track, for Northwood would be the last place he would credit her with fleeing to. Her head grew clearer now, as her hope of escape brightened, and the plans appeared easier and easier and the way more clear. For it was so simple. Garstang and the housekeeper would by that time be asleep, and all she would have to do would be to steal silently down in the darkness to where Becky would be wait ing for her. She would take her into the basement, and she would be free. If she could persuade her, she would take the poor creature with her. She would be a companion and protection, and rob her night journey of its strange appear ance. The rest seemed to b« mere trifles. She would walk for some distance, and then take a cab to the railway terminus at London Bridge, and wait till the earliest morning train started. The officials might think it strange, but she could take refuge in the waiting-room. And now, feeling satisfied that her ideas were correct, she thought of her letter to Jenny. This would only be re ceived just before her arrival, but it would have prepared her, and all would be well. The only dread that she had now was that she might encounter any one from the Manor House at the sta tion. On the way, the station fly would hide her from the curious gaze, but the thought made her carefully place a veil ready for use. Then came a kind of reaction; was it ; not madness to go to Northwood? Her uncle would soon know, and as soon as he did be would insist upon her going back, and then — Kate reached no farther into the future, for there was a knock at the door, and the housekeeper appeared, smiling at her, and handed her a note. She saw at a glance that it was In Gar- siang's handwriting, and she refused to take it, whereupon the woman placed it upon the table, close to her elbow, and left the room. For quite half an hour Kate sat there determined not to open the letter, and trying hard not even to look at it; but human nature is weak, and unable to control the desire to know its contents, and excusing herself 011 the plea that perhaps it might have some bearing up on her plans for that night— a bearing which would force her ro alter them— she took it up, opened ft, and then sat gazing at it in despair. It was a large envelope, and the first thing which fell from it was her letter to Jenny, apparently unopened, but crumpled and soiled as if it had been held in a hot and dirty hand; while th« other portion of the commits of the en- velope was a letter from Garstang, call ing her foolish and childish, and asking her if she thought his threats so vain and empty that he had not taken pre cautions against her trying such a feeble plan as that. "I cannot be angry with you," he con cluded, "I love you too well; but I do Implore you, for your sake as well as my own, to act sensibly, and cease forc ing me to carry on a course which de grades us both. Come, dearest, be wise; act like a woman should under the circumstances. You know well how I worship yon. Show me In return some little pity, and let me have its first fruits in your presence at the dinner table tbis evening. I promise you that you shall have no cause to regret coming down. My treatment shall be full of the most chivalrous respect, and I will wait as long as you wish, if only you will give me your word to be my wife." Was there any other way of sending' the letter? Could she cast it frojn the window, in the hope of its being picked up and posted? She feared not, and passed the weary minutes thinking that she must give it up. But she roused herself after a time. The mother had evidently taken the letter from Becky, and handed it to Garstang; but tha flight was Becky's own proposal, and now, after getting into trouble, as she would have doue, over the letter, she would be the more likely to join in the flight. Dinner was announced, but she refus ed to go down, and after partaking of what was sent up, she waited and wait ed until bed time was approaching, giv ing the housekeeper cause to think from her actions that she was going to bed. and fastening her door loudly as the . woman left the room after saying good night. And now came the most crucial time. She knew from old experience- what Garstang's habits were. He would read for about half an hour after the house keeper had locked /and barred the front door; and then go 'up to his room, which was in front upon the second floor; and she stood by the door, listening through the long leaden minutes for the sharp sound' of the bolts' and the rattle of bar and chain. Her brow was throbbing, and her hands felt damp in the palms with the dread she felt of some fresh development of Garstang's persecution, and she would have given anything to have unbolted and opened her door, so as to stand in the darkness and watcli, but shivered with fear at the very thought. At last, plainly heard, came the fami liar sounds, and now she pictured what would follow— the extinguishing of the staircase and hall lights, as the house keeper and her child went up to bed in the attics, and the place left in dark ness, save where a faint bar of rays came from beneath the library door. Half an hour later that door would be opened and Garstang would pass up. The agony and suspense now became so unbearable that Kate felt that she must do something or she would go mad; and at last she softly drew back the bolt, opened the door and looked out. All was dark, and after listening in tently she glided out inch by inch till she reached the balustrade and peered down into the hall. Exactly as she had pictured, there were a few faint rays from the library door, and just heard there was the smothered sound of a cough. She stole back to listen, but first clos ed and bolted the door hastily, put on bonnet, veil, mantle, and then put out the candles burning upon her dressing table. This done she crept back to the door and stood there, waiting to hear some sound, or to see the gleam of a candle when Garstang went up, but she waited in vain. The first half hour must have long passed, and she was fain to confess thad since her coming she had never once heard him go up to bed. The thick carpets, the position of her door, would dull sound and hide the light passing along the landing, and -when another half hour had passed she mustered up sufficient courage to once -more -slip the bolt. It glided back silently, but the hinges gave, a faint crack as she opened them, and she then stood fast, with her heart beating violently, ready to fling the door to and fasten it again. But all was still, and at last once more, inch by inch, she crept out silently till she was able to gaze down into the hall. The breath she drew came more freely now, for the faint bar of light from the -library was no longer there, and in the litter silence .of the place she know that the door must be wide open, and the fire liearly extinct, for all at once there waa the faint tinkling sound or dying cin ders falling together. He must have gone up to bed. . ' For a few moments Kate Wilton felt ready to hurry down the stairs, hut sn checked the desire. It was not the AP- pointed time, and she stole back, closed : ihe door, and forced herself to sit down -end wait. Becky had said twelve i -> o'clqqk, and it would be folly to go down ! earlier. :r . Never had the place seemed so silent j. before. The distant roll of a cab hounded faint In the extreme, and It was ! as If the great city was for the time be- tog -dead. And now her heart sank i again at the thought of her venture. She was going to plunge into the silence and darkness of the streets, so It seem ed to her then; and the Idea was so .fraught with fear that she felt she ' must resign herself to her fate, for she " dared not. The faint striking of a clock sent a : thrill through her„ and once more she felt inspired with the courage to make the attempt. Becky would have stolen down, and be waiting, and perhaps after the trouble of the letter business be quite ready to go with her. "Yes, she ! must go," she said; and now, with every nerve drawn to Its highest pitch of ten- ' sion, she opened the door, and stood for ! a few moments listening. All was perfectly still, and hesitating no longer she walked silently and swift ly to the staircase, caught at the hand rail, and began to descend, her dress making a faint rustling as it passed over the thick carpet. Her goal was the door leading to the kitchen stairs, and the only dread she had now was that she might in the dark ness touch one of the hall chairs, and make it scrape on the polished floor; but she recalled where each stood, and after a momentary pause, feeling convinced that she could make straight for the spot, she went on down Into the dark ness, reached the mat, and then found that there was a faint, dawn-lilce gleam coming from the fan-light over the door. Then her heart seemed to stand still, for Just before her there was some thing shadowy and dark. "One of the statues," she thought for the moment, and then turned to flee, but stopped. "Becky," she whispered, and .a hand touched her arm. CHAPTER XLI. A wild despairing cry escaped Kate "Wilton's lips, as the firm grasp of a man's hand closed upon and prisoned her wrist. "Hush, you foolish girl!" was whis pered angrily, and she was caught by a strong arm thrown round her, the wrist released, and a hand was clapped upon her lips. "Do you want to alarm the house?" Her only reply was to struggle i Violently and try to tear the hand from her mouth, but she was helpless, and the arm round her felt like iron, i "It is of no use to struggle, little bird," Was whispered. "Are you not ashamed i to drive me to watch you like this, and prevent you from perpetrating such a , folly? Whajt madness! Try to leave the | house at midnight, by the help -of that l Wretched idiotic girl, and trust yourself i (done In the street. Truly, Kate, you need a watchful guardian. Now, as you prefer the darkness come and sit down with me; I want a quiet talk with you. Kate, my dear, you force me to all this, and you must listen to reason now. There, it is of no use to struggle. Come with me quietly and sensibly, or I Bwear that I Will carry you." Her answer was another frantic Struggle, while, wrenching her head round, she freed herself from the pres sure of bis hand, and uttered another piercing scream. ; j "Silence!" he cried, fiercely; and be was in the act of raisine: her from the i floor, when she writhed herself nearly free, and in his effort to recover his grasp, he caught his foot on the. mat | and nearly fell. It was Kate's opportunity. With one Hand she thrust at him, with the other . struck at him madly, ran to the stairs, and bounded up, just reaching her room as a light gleamed from above and . Showed Garstang a dozen steps below, > too late to overtake her before her door was dashed to and fastened. ! Then, as she stood there panting and I ready to faint with horror, she heard Garstang's angry voice and the whining ; replies of the housekeeper, while, though she could not grasp a word, she could tell by the tones that the woman was being abused for coming down, and Was trying to make some excuse, j ' How that night passed Kate Wilton j ; hardly knew, save that it was one great struggle to master a weak feeling of pitiful helplessness which prompted her to say, "I can do no more." At times, from utter mental exhaus tion, she sank into a kind of stupor, snore than sleep, from which she in variably started with a faint cry of horror and despair, feeling that she was In some great peril, and that the dark- siess was peopled with something against which she must struggle, in spite of her weakness. It was a night mare-like experience, constantly re- ' peated, and the grey morning found her feverish and weak, but in body only. Despair had driven her to bay, and \- there was a light in her eyes, a firmness In her words, which impressed the 1 housekeeper when she came at break fast time. "Master's compliments, ma'am, and he is waiting breakfast," she said; "and I beg your pardon, ma'am, but I thought I ought to tell you he Is very angry. I never saw him like it before; and if yon i, would be ruled by me, I'd go down and pee him. You have been very hard to him, I know; and you can't, I'm sure, wish to hurt the feelings of one who is .. the best of men." s Kate sat looking away from her in : eilence, and this encouraged the woman . to proceed. "He was very cross when he found out that you had been persuading poor Becky to post a letter for you. He sus pected her, and had her into the lib'ry and made her confess; and then he took the letter away from her. But that was nothing to what he was when he found that instead of going to bed Becky had come down again and was waiting to try and let you out. I thought he would have turned her into the street at once. But, oh, my dear, he is such a good man, he wouldn't do that But he said it was disgracefully treacherous of her. And, between ourselves, my dear, it was quite impossible. Master has, I know, taken all kinds of precautions to keep you from going away. . He told, me that it was only a silly fit of yours, and that you didn't mean it; and, oh, my dear, do pray, pray be sensible. Think what a good chance it is for you to marry one of the noblest and best of " . "Silence, you wretched creature!" she stood with her lips apart, gazing blankly at the prisoner, who had slowly turned her head and fixed her with her indig nant eyes. "Silense, you wretched creature!" She said, in a low, angry whisper. " How dare you address me like this! Go down to your master, and tell him I will see him when he lias done has breakfast." "Oh, please come now, ma'am." "Tell him to send me word when he is at liberty, and I will come." She returned In a few minutes, though, with a breakfast tray, which she set down without a word, and once more Kate was alone; but she started at a sound she heard at the door, and darted silently to it to slip the bolt; but before her hand could reach it there was a faint click, and she knew that the key had been taken out and replaced upon the other side. She was for the first time locked in, and a whispering told her that Garstang was there. The struggle with her weakness had not been without its result. An unnatu ral calmness — the calmness of despair — had worked a change in her, and she was no longer the frightened, trembling girl, but the woman, ready to fight for all that was dCair in life. She knew that she was weak and exhausted in body, and sat down with a strange calmness to the breakfast that had been brought up, eating and drinking mechanically, but thinking deeply the while of the challenge which she felt that she had sent down to Garstang, and collecting her forces for the encounter. Quite an hour had passed before she heard a sound; and then the key was turned in the lock; and the housekeeper appeared. "Master is In the library, ma'am," she said, "and will be glad to see you now." This was said with a meaning smile, which said a great deal; but ICate did not even glance at her. She walked calmly out of the room, descended the staircase, and went straight into the li brary, where Garstang met her with extended hands. "My dearest child," he began. She waved him aside, and walked straight to her usual place, and sat down. "Ah!" said Garstang, as if to himself, "more beautiful than ever, in her anger. How can she wonder that she has made me half mad?" "Will you be good enough to sit down, Mr Garstang?" she- said, gazing firmly at him. "May I not rather kneel?" he said, im ploringly. ' "Will you be good enough to under stand, Mr Garstang," she continued, with cutting contempt in her tones, "that you are speaking to a woman whose faith in you is completely de stroyed, and not to a weak, timid girl." "I can only think one thing," he whis pered, earnestly, "that I am in the pre sence of the woman I worship, one who will forgive me everything, and become my wife." "Your wife, sir ? I have come here this morning, repellant as the task is, to tell you what you refuse to see — that your proposals are impossible, and to de mand that you at once restore me to the care of my guardian." "To be forced to marry that wretched boy?" he cried, passionately; "never." "May I ask you. not to waste time by acting, Mr Garstang?" she said, with cutting irony. "You call me 'My dear child!' You are a man of sufficient common sense to know that I am not the foolish child you wish me to be, and that your words and manner no longer impose upon me." "Ah, so cruel still!" he cried; but she met his eyes with such scathing con tempt in her own that his lips tightened, and the anger he felt betrayed' itself In the twitching at the corners of his " temples. "You have unmasked yourself com pletely now, sir, and by this time you must understand your position as fully as I do mine. You have been guilty of a disgraceful outrage." "My love— I swear it was my love," he cried. "Of gold?" she said, contemptuously. "Is it possible that a man supposed to be a gentleman can stoop to such pitiful language as this? Let us understand each other at once. Your attempts to replace the fallen mask are p'.tiful.Come, sir, let us treat this as having to do with your scheme. You wish to marry me?" "Yes; I adore you." She rose, with her brow wrinkling, her eyes half closed, and the look of com tempt intensifying. "Perhaps I had better defer what I wished to say until to-morrow, sir?" He turned from her as if her words had lashed him, but he wrenched him self back and forced himself to meet her gas-o. _£To be Continued. ' 