[ NUTTY AMSTRONG’S LOOK THOM “THE CONFESSIONS OLD BURGLAR.” I Afloat—the convict hulk lay lolling ort I the shimmering waters of cerulean hue. Ashore—the convicts sweltered in savage gangs under the blistering tropic sun. They looked like ghosts in tne long' white slops -which covered them from top to toe. Crack of pick, clank of shovel. ' '' ‘ 1 creak of chain, mingled with Lhe boom- > ins of the surf as it thundered down upon the jagged coast. Above all rose_ the hoarse oaths of warders, who stood at ease, gun in hand, eyeing their des perate bands. Martinets thew were who had sailed over many seas, who had marched over many lands, men of iron. .-. ■. hearts and iron hands, who struck first , and spoke afterwards. Even the despe rate convicts quaked in their grim lire-' . ■ - ' . But even these men of blood and-iroii had soft places in their armour—all but Nutty Armstrong, a rugged, black-. : . , browed; stalwart sergeant, who had./ Served the King by '.land and sea for';: . ' ; many a year. . His nose was blue witli rum, his mouth was black with- twist, his face was scored with slashes, his body was well-night covered with those strange devices with which wanderers . love to be adorned—anchors, mermaids, dolphins, devils. He Cared for, naught— not him—Nutty. Let a man do his best. . _ if Nutty liked him' not he wa^'pnarked • for ever. Let him delve or Jjeivjflet him; st'-hin and -sweat; lot him can-jttionster L.-W; T stones down To the. bivukwateipiet him, .. (T ' curse dr weep, it mattered .hot. ' Nutty''-' .."V’ never let him be: Now.it was, a cruel ■blow with butt end of musket, now a slap with flat face of sword or scab bard. now a cuff with doubled knuckles. . t. of that hide-like hand, now a kick with - iron-shod boot. Or he 'changed his tac tics with his humor, and starved his . , mark: short commons, thimbles'full' of water, no grog, no baccy. Or it might be the dark ceil, or the triangle, and the cat-o'-nine-tails. Was lie Satan in this hell upon this beautiful island, gleaming like some - .. " splendid jewel midst these placid seas? One day. under his persecutions, died ' ; :. Willie Ogilvie—a poor fellow of sweet disposition, whose weak will had got him ... ten years' transportation. . ,. , Then did Ned Blake. Black Jack. Bed . Ryan, and Louis Napoleon—commonly called Frenchio—vow vengeance. Sweet Willie was their pal. By day six hundred convicts worked ashore: at nightfall' they went aboard " '~ the hulk, an old three-decker. Down on,. . , - .. the orlop deck—that is, in the lowest deeps—lived the four conspirators, with -. some two hundred others, half on the port side, half on the starboard. . two stern rows of iron rail dividing one/from the other. They were caged like wild beasts. Along the dim. narrow slit of a passage • between the two halves ever paced a warder through the hot night—watch . ; and watch—four hours on, eight hours orr. Supper is served: clatter of knives and plates slowly ceases; mess kids are ■ cleaned; tables are cleared; hammocks are lowered; the tropic night has fallen; the two hundred turn in; the sentry ■ paces slowly to and fro; the hood is drawn over the dim lantern which swings in the dim distance. The stertor ous breathings of weary men. the sudden nightmare cry. the groan of wakeful des- ' ' . pair, commingle with the sullen thunder of the surf without: . . ■ Such is the interior of the great hulk’s belly at midnight. Eight bells strikes tiie watch aloft. There is a sound oi: heavy footsteps. . ••. , ; . Two dark figures now collogue for a moment in the narrow passage. One , _ goes, one remains, and begins his sombre In the remotest corner of the port side sleeps Red Ryan. . ^ His hand moves, and he gives a gentle tug at Ned Blake’s blanket. "It’s hiiri;” he whispers, and Ned rises in his •.ham mock, and drops furtively on to the deck. He wakes Black Jack, and then Louis Napoleon—otherwise Frenchie. They huddle together for a moment, then fall on their knees, and crawl like cats to the iron gate, heavily padlocked.which binds them safe. Then they lie at full • . length and bide their time.scarce breath ing. Presently the sentry yawns.and yawns again, and rests in the dim distance. Then rises Ned Blake. He has a short bar of iron in his hands—a crow, in fact, ' - which he has brought in from the shore, • ■.... secreted in his breeches. “Are ye ready?” he whispers. .. . _ “Aye. aye.” comes the hissing answer. Off comes the great padlock, with but : faint remonstrance. ' ' * - A ghostly echo, though, startles the sentry out of his doze, and he stalks sul lenly down tiler-narrow way, casting his eyes now to port, now to starboard. “A rat.” says ho. And ere the words are out of his mouth - * four knives are home—deep into lungs and heart. With a horrid sigh lie expires. The four men drag the quivering body ■:)' , through the gate, and aflame with mad passions wreak their will upon it. Nutty Armstrong, the bully, is: quar- ' .. tered, and the quarters are heaved into the mess kids. Through the bars of the cage peer a: . ; ■ hundred spectral faces ; port and star board—they are wide awake, and curse, and sing their dreadful choruses: “Down with the tyrant! Down with him!” The great hulk is now awake front stem to stern; lanterns flit hither and thither, like evil birds of the night, on >■ v' top deck, amidships, at last down in the., depths. They are illuminated, and in the very centre of the halo is the face of—Nutty Armstrong. ... . . Then did Ned Blake, Black Jack,-" Red Ryan, and Louis Napoleon—otherwise Little Frenchie—utter one great cry to-. • • gether. “Hands up!” roars Nutty. “Hands up!” And clapped the four cowering mur derers into chains ere they compre hended the situation. . •; -, . They bad killed the wrong .man! -Nutty’s good genius had ‘befriended - him, indeed.- 7 .- .t:.» He had changed watches with the dead man, and been'ashore to a jollification-^ £ > ;; *• . ; Short shrift got the four. : ’ And in the faint dawn they were triced. : up to the yard-arm. “I can see ’em danglin’ now.” says Archie.— "Westminster Budget. 