BY NUNQUAM DORMTO. T6re.rsaprett.y ff0neral concensus of opinion thLV0J recOf°iaed horaey talent on Saturday that things would be a bit mixed up at Flemington. They usually are at this particular period of the year, just before the big meetings. And what with supposed live goods yielding up the ghost, and alnaost embalmed '-'dead uns " coming most unex pectedly to life, the rank and file of backers experienced a most disastrous afternoon at the September meeting of the V.R.C. So far as the attendance and the racing were con cerned, tbere was nothing to be desired, the course itself presenting that beautiful emerald sheen it invariably oarries in early fapring. There were no accidents either ^ to mar the pleasure of the sport; but this was owing to good luck more than aught else, as the scandalous manner in which some of the jockeys interfered with other riders-notably in the September Stakes-rendered the deliverance from a serious disaster little short of miraculous. "When will our leading racing stewards take some drastic action in this connection ? Their supineness is becoming a bye-word and a reproach. Punters have great faith in Mr. C. F. Glasscock's hay horse Murdoch (by Swiveller-Lady Isabel), and again on Saturday the weight of investments sent him out a pronounced favourite (at 5 to 2) against nine others in the two-mile Hurdle Eaee. But even under the moderate impost of 10-4 he failed to get nearer than third to Sammy Brass 9-13, who won easily by three-quarters of a length from Ouy«* 9-5, who in turn held two lengths and a half advantage over the favourite, the time being 3 min. 52 sacs. fiarnny Brass is an aged horse by Swiveller from Fenella, and as he had the assistance of J. Laverty (who is basking in Fortune's sweetest smiles now as regards jumping events) the followers of that accom plished horseman were agreeably surprised to find that odds of 7 to 1 were procurable about him down to the close of pencilling operations. Survivor's half-brother, Juvenile, disported him self in the event under notice, but his party evid ently did not fanoy him with 11-0 up, and so he did not figure in" the quotations. The stewards were evidently of opinion, however, that he should have figured more prominently than he did during the race, and so they called upon his nominator and rider, J. E. Brewer, for an explanation, which was not considered satisfactory enough, albeit the evidence adduoed did not warrant any punishment being inflioted, their ultimatum being that Brewer had " ridden unwisely." Close observers of the running were very pro nounced that one rider, whose mount finished further " astern " than even Juvenile, was extremely lnoky in not being " carpeted j" but, be that as it may, the fact that Juvenile (when well backed) failed to secure a' victorv recently at Randwick with only 10 stone on his back in a two mile Hurdle Race, coupled with the knowledge that he has only recently arrived at Caulfield, where he has been called upon to gallop the reverse way to what he baa been aoaus tomed to, may have had some influence with the V.R.C. stewards in arriving at their somewhat anomalous decision. Juvenile may be equally as vrood as some of the professional horse- watohers at Caulfield maintain he is ; but still the stern logic of racing experience has taught those of us %vho have Lards that New South Wale, /'tyros "stand very little chanoe of conceding Victorian noddies weight at the illegitimate game of hurdle-racing His Grace's victory in the Caulfield Grand National; Hurdle Race to the oontrary notwithstanding. ^ Backers are ever on the qui vive for. the jlysteri ous And they diacovered it, on Saturday-to their, ooat-m the Paddoclc Handicap. That morning a, .$&&?*« SfWrnis having bad luok with Waraka, who,j until a few days ago, was doing remarkably well on! fch^traok The colt has been off his feed m oonse-. the cracK. x u troubles, and has also contracted He ta now under the MrS of Mr. W. Allan. of Kirk's Basaar.' " Ha! Ha !" ejaculated the Nousey Brigade as they digested that moreeau with the matutinal. " This ?writer is not in the place where he is demanded, &c.;, &c.;," and this paragrapn is a deliberate attempt to choke the public off Waraka to-day." "And PO, strong in the strength of their deep perspicacity, when they saw Waraka included amongst the 17 starters for the Paddock H-andinap they remarked sotto voce-Good Wood, i'faith. This is much, better- this is Good Iron !"arid straightway tumbled over one another to get on to the supposed good thing, the abnormal demand causing the Malua Cypriote colt to at one time touch 3 to 1 in the . betting, although he eventually started at "a point longer. . Outside^ "Waraka 7-10 things were very much mixed, an eleventh hour rush resulting in ' Tames Wilson junior's filly Virtue (by Trenten-Maid of Honor), with the luxury bf 6-10 on her back, being supported from an outside price down to 8 to 1. This fllly was the very picture of condition, and getting well away she got in a good break coming up the straight, which enabled her to stall off a splendid challenge on the part of "Luster 7-0, by three parts of a length, a five-year-old mare with the rather peculiar patronymic of Alabaculia 6-9 being third two lengths and a half away; the time being really excellent- to wit, 2 min. lfi} SOPS. "Waraka was prominent amongst the- leaders fill entering the straight, when he; waR outpaced, and finished m the ruck.' So much for being "too clever." 'Twas ever thus i the " flattest " of allflats is the "fly "flat. VIRTUE is in the Caulfield Cup at 6-10, and the Melbourne Cub at lib. less. So that, as it is an open seoret that up tothe time of writing, the stable haven't got a "bean" about Key for the Caulfleld Cup. the calm of a chillinerdnubt arises as-to whether the Trenton-Maid of Honor filly mav not be the correct "key" to the position after all. She rortninly finished like a stayer on Saturdav, and with identi cally'the same weight up might lead her field from, end to end in the great mile and a half event. Waterfall had it won below the distance, and galloped home alone in 2 min. 36$ sees. And-sexual allowanoe and all in-Virtue will contest the event on 21b. better terms than Humphrey Oxenham's colt did. W. Rawlings had Flat Iron in tremendous buckle for the two-mile Steepleohase, and in consequence he made light of the 10-8 as represented bv J. Laverty. There were only six starters. Flat Iron being favourite at 3 to 1, whilst Eurneralla 9-1 found much favour towards the oloRe of the betting down to 4 to 1. J. J. Allen, who rode Eurneralla, had the misfortune to lose a stirrup-iron during the raoe, and had to negotiate the last few fences under that disability. Still he finished within three lengths of the Booiba-Gridiron gelding, whilst the-unlucky Votary 9-6 was fully a dozen lengths away third; the time being 4min, lO^seo. Seven out of the eight "contestants" (T) in the September Stakes, of a mile and a quarter, were Cup candidates j and so that you can read between the lines and sort the somnolent "sheep from the " go-its" I append the official closing quotations J 2 to 1 against Key, 3's Wait-a-bit, 4's Catspaw, 7's The hypnotist, 8'a Mora, 20 to 1 each Ayrshire and Moonlyong. Previous to the race Wait-a-Bit had been backed in the paddook to win some .£8000 or J24000 over the Melbourne Cup, and as backers took this as a straight '^offloe" that his odds for the two-mile r»oe would shorten considerably after the decision of the September Stakes they sailed in and supported him spiritedly for the mile and a quarter weigbt-for-age event. As a matter of oourse this caused the odds against Key for the raoe to lengthen somewhat, but on ..her . owner, Mr. James Wilson, jun., putting .£800 on her himself,and the friends of the stable following suit, she quickly advanced to the position of first favourite, which she maintained till the rise of the barrier. . So far as outward appearances went the Padlook \--Governess filly was fit to run for a man's life, for, 'although on the small side, she looked a veritable multum in parvo, the breadth of her quarters being something phenomenal. Rocogniaed judges went into perfect rhapsodies over her, and Himply "pooh pooed " the idea of anything having the ghost of a chance of defeating her with only 7-4 on her baok, Aleo. Taylor's friends-" as the sands on the sea shore for multitude "-were still loyal to the Malua -Liicina colt, who. however, did not seem to possess that' " bossy " characteristic of the quarters one naturally looks for on anything the veteran specially favours :as- possessing a Melbourne Cup .chance. There Were not wanting those, either, who had " writ large " on the tablets of their racing memory the extraordinary pace Mr. " Sam " Bloomfield's Cats paw'had displayed on- several' occasions over that special distance of ground, and so pertinacious were these'in'their inquiries from the bookmakers about the Neckersgat-Cyclone gelding that he ultimately finished up (at 4< to 1) only a point longer than Wait a-Bit. The Hypnotist had evidently wintered well, and with Bertie Holmes in the saddle the followprs of the "maroon and silv&r; . livery felt confident due justicfe wbuld' be done the colt. Taking size and substance . into account the ".swell" of the party was undoubtedly the-Dunlop ?=-Hinnomungie horse Ayrshire, who carried Joe Cripps's very "shiniest polish." Even though J. Stevenson was up, however, the adherents-of'the stabledidn't seem to " cotton " to him, one of the stauachest of the supporters of the " good things " of 'the Moonee Ponds trainer preferring to go in "a perisher" on Key instead. The race is tersely described in exactly four words -A Regular Mess Up. Iustead of being allowod to Bail away at her own sweet will the favourite was called upon to travel at a false pace during the first portion of the journey, and by the time it was deemed expedient to go in and win, the royal road to winning proved to be " blocked." Great as the mistake made with Key was, though, it pre sented itself to me as if An win (on Wait-a-Bit) made a more unpardonable one still, as he certainly appeared to have the others dead settled a furlong from home, and was fairly "caught napping" when Stevenson came with a rattle on Ayrshire. It cer tainly was extremely unfortunate for quite a number of people that the winning-post wasn't a wee bit closer when Ayrshire's jockey made his effort; but mistakes will happen in the best regulated families, and it was certainly particularly hard lines for Anwin that at the last moment something should have 'gone wrong with the works, especially as the time was but medium-2min. ll$3ec., and he only Buffered defeat by a " long neck." Just below the distance The Hypnotist seemed to have as good a chance of winning as any of the leaders j but just as he was making his run along Bide the rsils he got jambed on to them, and for some short space of time it looked as if his jockey (H. Holmes) would be tilted right over them. Natheless he managed to preserve his equilibrium, and finish third 5 Moonlyong being fourth, a position which-considering all things reflected the greatest credit on the daughter of Mentor and Sierra, whom some looked upon in the light of a mere "shepherdess" amongst such quality.: Considering that Mr. Albert Miller owned three out of the eight starters in the Hunter's Flat Race, of a mile and a half, the tipsters who gave " Miller's elect" to win had good grounds for the faith that .was in them. The puzzle was to find out which would be the elect before the money spoke j and those who were lucky enough to solve this early, were able to secure 2 to 1 against Mournpool 10-5, a five-year-old brother to the black filly Lily (Boolka- Blaok Tulip), who divided the Debutant Stakes of 1891 with the flying Trieste. An soon as it got bruited about, though, the odds quickly veered round till Mournpool started at 2 to 1 on, the fact that Mr. J. O. Inglis was up on Nimrod 10-7, doubt less accounting for'the fact that the ancient grey found support down to 5 to 1, 12 to I being on offer -bar two. It was no race, the favourite winning hard held by half a length from Pasha 10-10 in 2 min. 46;f sees., Canary being six lengths away third ,By the time Mournpool gets thoroughly seasoned to 'timber-^that's if he takes kindly to the game-he roughfc to be a worthy compeer to Hayseed. The Stand Handicap (a mile and a quarter) finished up the afternoon, and finished upbaokersas .well,, "the busy whisper ciroling round" that Man ""fr^d'y.S was a " dead bird" for the event causing the 'Robinson Crusoe- Bellisaima colt to go out ? at 'tHe ridiculous odds of 6 to 4 (aB against 18 opposers, no less than nine of whom were also quoted in the betting'. The Caulfield touts imagined that thoy had ihe choicest of choice goodB in Sunbury 7.7, about whom fch6y were successful enough to secure 12 to 1. Malto* 8.0 and Albaculia 0.8 were in the 10 to 1 divi sion, the friends of-Mr. James Wilson (senior) stand ing the dauightfeir bf Marvellous and Tuscarora after her brilliant1 display in the Paddock'Handicap. She was ridden'by J. Wilson (whose father is in business as A butcher in North' Melbourne), and although she was rather awkwardly positioned during the first seven furloiagp, she answered every call made upon her by her r(cjer;in:ttie last two furlongs, and upBot the 8unbury<i»pj}Iecart by half a length, Luster em phasizing her sterling worth over a distapoo by finishing th-ipd a ginjilar distance behind Sunbury, with Baoohfafcfourth and Rosella fifthj time, 2t^in, Oboq. '/ ? ; ,1 1 . . . .' ? A.M>acyllai not; entered for the .Caulfield Gup, out la 6«Kayea in the Melbourne Gup at O.IO. This "waa htsr tiratfyrini though she has been well backed '^^UbcwiOtiiH-notably the Spring Handicap (a; mile and a quarter) and the Final Handicap (a mile and a quarter) at the last V.R.C. Spring Meet ing. Tuscarora, the dam of Alabaculia, is by Robin son Crusoe from Sunshine (by Maribyrnong irom imported Nightlight). The general entries for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Spring (Caulfield Cup) Meeting to be held on Saturday, October 9, and the following Saturday, are of a truly intercolonial character, and this being so, much interest is certain to be evoked over the decision of the various events. The Caulfield Stakes, a weigh t-for-age event, over nine furlongs of ground, has attracted 20 nomina tions, and although the Derby favourite. Aurum, is not of the number, five three-year-olds figure amongst the nominations-to wit. Amberite, Key, The Hypnotist, Manfred and Nor'-East. Then Wait a-Bit, who has dropped out of the Caulfield Cup, is to be given a pipe opener on the opening day, whilst the heavily backed Fucile (who has been supported in " double " combinations to win close on .£50,000 by annexing the Melbourne Cup) is likely to be afforded an opportunity of displaying his form over a sprint distance, for my own part I favour the prospects of one of the three-year-olds best. The First Hurdle Race (two miles) with 24 nomi nations, and the First Steeplechase (two miles) with 22, should provide enjoyable sport; the afternoon's entertainment likewise including the Debutant Stakes, the Caulfield Guineas and the Toorak Han dicap, each of which is nearly certain to be con tested by a large field. There are half a dozen events on the second day, exclusive of the Caulfield Cup, the entries for which tot up as follows:-Maiden Plate, one mile,' 21; Moonga Handicap, one mile, 83; Second Hurdle Race, one mile and three- quarters, 31; Nursery Handicap, four furlongs and a half, 40; and. Wind sor Handicap, 27. Here's sport, indeed ! Wait-a-Bit was scratched for the Caulfield Cup at 10 o'clock on Monday morning ; and those " get-in early" backers who are left lamenting over his defection have only themselves to blame oyer the transaction. The stable never gave them the slightest intimation that the mile and a half event would be selected for the Malua colt in preference to the Melbourne Cup, and, as a matter of fact, the tenor of Alec. Taylor's remarks all along'led to the inference that his particular mission would be at Flemington rather than at Caulfield. Eumeralla, who finished second to Flat Iron in the Steeplechase - at Flemington on Saturday, was on Monday sold to Mr. J. J. Allan for 60 guineas. Perchance his late owner deemed that after being unfortunate enough to finish second with the mini mum weight it was of no UBO persevering any longer ' with the aged son of Young Sussex and Betsy Trot wood; but if so I fancy he committed a " bloomer," as Eumeralla displayed quite enough ability to warrant the assumption that he will shortly achieve a winning bracket. After the late rains Flemington racecourse should: look its very best next Saturday, when the Mel bourne Hunt Club people will submit a seven-stake] programme on approbation. As the weights are not; declared at the time of writing, I cannot deal with ! handicap probabilities; but as far as the weight-for-1 age event-the Narre Warren Stakes-is concerned, I can promise you that the winner will have to tra verse the mile-and-a-quarter a little faster than; Ayrshire did to score a victory. The entries there-^ for read really nice on paper-do they not ?-Aurum, i Ayrshire, Bacohus, Catspaw, Coil, Early Morn,' Foliage, Key, Mischief, Mora, Nudity, Partheno-i prous, Patriot, Trent and Wait-a-Bit. The First Sapling Stakes-the distance the two-' year-olds have to travel being 4 furlongs and 82 yards-has received 24 nominations, including the South Australian two-year-old champion ITainault (by Pilgrim's Progress-Kate Dalrymple) and the, highly-prioed Cocos (by Aberoorn-Copra), for whom; Mr. William Bailey gave 11G0 guineas last April.' Hainault will have to put up a 141b. penalty if he starts, for previous successes in the land of his nat-! ivity. 1-Ie has subBtanoe enough to do it successfully,^ too, at that. c Mr. D. James' three-year-old colt Lord Salisbury-1 (by Thunderbolt-Pantoufie), who is engaged in thai V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup (at Gst. 71b.), car-,! ried 7st. 71b. to victory in the Jubilee Mile at the!! Adelaide Hunt Club Races on Saturday, covering! the distance in ltnin. 45:{sec., and putting down1 Birlcagate 7-13, .Gnullo 7-8, Tapiooa 8-0, ClytemneB-j tra 7-0 and Miracluui 0-4. The totalisator returned! a "divvy "of £7 4s. Owing to the near appro^flCc^P Meeting, the reunions to be held dmlloc) next Tuesday, and at Aspen J Thursday, should have special attraction! Seeing that the gentle public will no1. ' " gilded bait" about Aurum, the booU relinquished fcheir demands of 7 tn a ,ll the V.R.C. Derby, and now express their] to lay 5 to 4 against Mr. W. R. Wilson's * ?7..?.nt,-.Jhe,odds,Tin be worth taking oi the little draught horse" strips fit ani oould carry Key on his back and donke " tripe" as Amberite and Co. Albeit I i colt like Fleet Admiral, really wound un pitch, might cause him to put his bestle Positano is .nominal favorite for the Cup at 100 to 8. And, for the life of m understand why Facile shouldn't pose nounced favorite for that event seeing tl wealth" he is supposed to carry in the two One member of Victorian Tattersall'salonf lift .£25,000 from the members of that q event of the son of Carbine and Venice fii the right way, and Victorian Tattersall'sJ it undoubtedly is-does not represent thU of the betting bourses of combined Austl thing's a bit of a mystery, fix ifc up as you What a Remarkable Coincidence! W'i the world must be a very narrow place, 'Way down in New Zealand the inernbl Canterbury Trotting Club are beginning sore" because nearly every decision give!T has been reversed on appeal. In the lat too, their verdict was upset after being by legal opinion! These continued caused one of the C.T.C. committee to in a friend recently-" Are we incompetent, \ thieves P Surely, after the years of expm have had, we ought to be trusted to doj thing; instead of which we are constant!] of voting according to our pockets." . Which is undoubtedly very sad, but world-rworldly. " After the years of exp have had !" Aye ! Aye! Quite so! But< " the years of experience" the " other fellji had P Turn about is fair play, all the wot -r~ From America comes the intelligence tl] E.F.Clay, of the Runnymede Stud, is j persuade his fellow-breeders in Kentucky I and have all light-boned and undersized fillies operated on before being sou to render them unfit for stud and when their racing career they will have to be utilised in souiej Colonel Clay has consulted a specia assures him that the organs of generaa removed without any injurious effects.j tion being simple and harmless. He fur| that fillies so operated on would trait! better, as, independent of their not being by sexual causes at the stated intervals, I be altogether hardier, as it has been del that the removal of the organs of generaj weaker sex causes them to become more n masculine, and, as a consequence, they] train and race better. Colonel Clays has met with the approval of that authority on breeding ? matters-the Breeder and Sportsman. All sorts of "answers" having beonl " correspondents " lately anent Canary 8J jump in Kirk's Bazaar in the early sixties my memory serves me the pony cleared when the bar was on the 5 ft. 10 in. niaj Callinan (for many years subsequently, the Melbourne Hounds, and father of the^ lightweight joclcey of to-day) rode Canarj said before, in essaying the 5 ID. 10 in. cleared tho bar by fully 2 inches-thei sp of the time (and where would you find tl nowP) always crediting the ?eat ^ L truly marvellous performance cona'f°l'n of Canary, and the limited space thoro. tftlce-off. 