Personal. SIB Robert Stout, of New Zealand, suffers from gout. He is a teetotaller, but a big eater. DB. J. E. Usher, late of Collins-street, Melbourne, and who formerly held a position under the Queens land Government, has established a fashionable practice in Cavendish-square, London. MB. H. Rhya Jones, formerly a Melbourne news paper reporter, is a Western Australian Parlia mentary candidate for the North-East Coolgardie electorate. Mr. Jones has the energy required for a pushing M.P. LADY Brassey has accepted the dedication of the comedy called The Rose Scented, Handkerchief, written by Mrs. de L'Espinasse, of Melbourne, writer of many years' standing. The writer of The Rose Scented Handkerchief is well- known in New Zealand, where she frequently contributed to the Dunedin Witness under the nom de plume "The Baron." THE Earl of Kilmorey, who is visiting Australia the second time, is 54 years of age. The first visit -when Viscount Newry-in company with the Duke of Edinburgh, was one of pleasure; now Earl Kilmorey is full of business, being director and shareholder of gold-mines in four Australian oolonies. Earl Kilmorey married in 1881 a daughter of Mr. Holmes Badcock, M.P. for Shrewsbury. Mibs Ada Rehan was born in Limerick. Her real name is Crehan. The family originally had considerable property, but it was reduced almost to nothing by the exactions of the times. The family lived in London for a time and then set sail for New York. Very soon after her first appearance on the boards Miss Rehan became the most remarkable comedienne of the American Btage. She is now as great a favourite in London as in New York. Mm. Claude Hall, of the well-known firm of retail chemists, is importing the first auto-car into Mel bourne at a cost of .£200. Once the first cost is over, the "keep" of the machine is trifling, not more than a shilling a day for kerosene. Mr. Hall, always a great social favourite, will be more popular than ever, as everybody is asking for "first ride" on the auto-car. The committee of the Melbourne Shak speare Society, of whioh he is a member, are hunting up passages about auto-cars in the plays. They found several relating to the bicycle, when their go ahead young friend relinquished his buggy and his horse in favour of the prevalent craze. Mauricb Maeterlinck, whom Nordau hai attacked so fiercely as on* of the great " degenerates," live# in Ghent, Belgium. One ardent admirer in the Figaro oalls him " the most brilliant, sublime, mov ing poet whioh the last three hundred years haa produced." By Nordau, however, he is characterised aB a "pitiable mental cripple." He haa a slight figure, delieate features, and an elusive, shrinking and Shelley-like expression. The Belgians pro nounce his name as if written Mah-ter-lingk. He does not practice law, though he is a barrister by profession. " I waB never able to manage my own affairs," he says j " how should you expect me to manage other people's P" He take* great interest in the culture of been, an avooation strikingly con genial to hia ailent, contemplative nature, and which haa left traces on his writings in many beautiful figures drawn from tka habits of these insects. llu. Matthew John Clarke, M.H.A., the only man new to politics who has been chosen to represent Tasmania at the Federal Convention was elected to the House of Assembly for Launceston at the reoent general election and has not yet been sworn in. He is a native of Belfast, Ireland, and the son of a solicitor, a member of the firm of Clarke and MoCartan. He is between 35 and 40 years of age. Mr. Clark received his early education at the Cathelic Seminary in his native city and subsequently at the College of Blaokrock, near Dublin, conducted by the Frenoh Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost, who for some years had a college at Ballarat, which was ultimately discontinued. From Blaokrock Mr. Clarke went t# the Royal University of Ireland where he won a gold medal and a scholarship, par ticularly distinguishing himself in Mathematics. He took hia degree of Bachelor of Arts at the Dublin University (Trinity College) and was then called to the Irish Bar. He practised for some years in Dublin and in the Northern capital, but in 1889 was ordered by the doctors, owing to the state of his health to remove to a more genial climate than Ireland. He decided to go to Tasmania. Mr. Clarke settled at Launceston on hia arrival and has remained there ever since. In face and physique he resembles Mr. F. C. Mwson, the Chairman of Committees in the Viotorian Assembly. He was married in Ireland and brought his wife and family with him to Tasmania, lie is ft level-headed North of Ireland man j clear, cool, and cautious, Mr. Clarke ib one of tlje loaders ft the Bar in TapnafUJia. 