MISCELLANEOUS WORKS y. * Photographs of land surface and cloud I, taken from a balloon are given in "Cassell'e | i Magazine" for February. They were ob dV tained during an aerial excursion from Paris [I to Agen, on the Garonne. The distance' i travelled was 377J miles, and the average 'j j 6i>eed was 21| miles an hour. One curious { c experience the aeronauts had was being :. fired at during the night by a rifleman as 4- they passed over a forest. Happily none |( '. of the bullets hit. The views seem to have been taken a little too high to yield good ^effects. One was obtained at 1,000ft., and ;? ( another at a mile and a half. Persons who Vl delight in ghost stories will find an interest ;{4Mr. E. S. Lang Bickford. The stories are I [j'.told of real places. Hampton Court, New $ stead Abbey, Holland-house, Glamis Castle, .r^&c.;, all have their haunted rooms. We j * laugh at the flimsy superstitions of the Aus Ij'^tralian aborigine and the Papuan, but yjwhen sounds occur which we cannot ex ij j: plain we are as gullible as any -ignorant 'black. Strange noises and. unexpected l^leams of light awaken our fears in the dark, ijj ;!»nd the eye proceeds to see whatever the .},r imagination suggests. The writer of the j j/1" paper under notice tells the stories as tliey w'haive come to him. "Life at the Court of jq 'Denmark" affords occasion forgiving a num i^^er of portraits of royal personages and rf,(yiew8 of finely decorated rooms and gal If t eries. There is a large amount of reading . ^,)f a miscellaneous character, and several A j ales. The "Windsor Magazine" for March con- tains several papers of interest to Aus- tralian readers. Mr. Stanley Wood's ac- count of cattle and horse branding in Texas is? a topic for bushmen. Under the title of "Moments with Modern Musicians," Mr. Kleekmann? reports an interview with Mr. Douglas Powell, the baritone, who came to Australia about a year ago with the Mackenzie-Thudichum Concert Company. Mr. Powell was very well pleased with his experiences as a singer in the different capitals :— "So far as my own personal experience went, I was surprised to find how far in advance Australia ? VL.irM-of what'I bad anticipated. Forinstance, a ifclMmown writer basUtelyabosed tbefr mucic. un r" SiereifuHy. byt * am very few towns in. Eng ' E-ftiidtdifld give such excellent. performances o! " If [1'rorafc'B "Spectre'* Bride' «s those I assisted at in ' ffltaey and Adelaide." , tt"h> wtiich town did you find the audiences .most "iFit |s difficult to say, each ,town gave us such welcome. And yon, most remember that 'AwtisMa ft Is somewhat different to whtt iHi ~t-There etcb aflnir considere itself in aSentcf the other. Here tondpn -^kea the in*U things; but In Australia, bydoey would I consider itself decidedly slighted if it were to be I insinuated that it is one whit behind Melbourne. At first sight this spirit of independence strikes 0110 as strange, seeing that in England there is no sort of rivalry between the counties. But seeing that I Australia is nearer the size of Europe, it is more the difference that exists between large countries, j Each colony relies on its own individual judgment, and because one lias been well received in Mel bourne, Sydney is in no way influenced by the fact, or vice versa. Fortunately for us, however, we appeared to satisfy the sternest critics in both towns, and we were feted 011 all sides, and enter tained most hospitably. "It was strange, too, the questions one was asked. Several people inquired of me whether Madame Melba is really the greatest singer in the world! They have never heard her in lier own land ! since she has become a professional singer. When she left Melbourne she was only an amateur." | "Making and Laving an Atlantic Cable" is the title of an article describing the operations of Siemens Bros., who both build and'lay cables. Sometimes a big order j comes to them abruptly. Jay Gould cabled-"Cable estimate for making and laying two Atlantic cables." The firm im 1 mediately quoted their price, the amount considerably exceeding £1,000,000. "Ac cept offer. Will buy Faraday," instantly I responded the Napoleon of finance. There are many things that even a millionaire I cannot buy, among these being the Fara day. However, Jay Gould, restraining his acquisitive ardour, cabled-"Make and lay two cables. £50,000 deposited at your bankers." The cables were promptly made and laid. A paper (abundantly illustrated) does justice to the fine street architecture 1 of Dublin. One of the most striking edifices is the Bank of Ireland, which occupies the 1 buildings which were once known as the Houses of Parliament. "'Tain't no one horse town," remarked an admiring Ameri can surveying its Ionic colonnade, "that kin show a block like that." The fiction 1 includes an instalment of Mr. Hall Caine's novel "The Christian," and various short j stories. In "Harper's Magazine" for March, Mr. iCharies F.Lummisgivesusasecond paper 011 Modern Mexico. He draws a striking con , trast between the laud of the Asr.tecs as it is to-day and as it was before the Spanish conquest. There has been a tendency to i overrate the civilisation attained by the kingdom of Montezuma at the time of [ the invasion by Cortez, but more recent researches have dispelled much of the glamour that enveloped ancient Mexico. "Just yonder," says Mr. Lummis, "was the reeking teoealli, upon whose pyramid five hundred captives in a day had their still contracting hearts flung before Huit zilopochtli, and their carcases kicked down the staircase to be ceremonially devoured I by the multitude-where stands now the largest Christian church in America, and one of the noblest. To the left, on the ground where dwelt the war chief, head of a government whose principal politics was to massacre, enslave, and rob the neigh bour tribes, is to-day the venerable Mount of Pity, one of the most beneficent charities in any land." In times past Mexico was a very unhealthy city, but of late years a great canal has been built to drain the vast swamp, the "Valley of Mexico" it is called, on which the ciiy stands. The en gineer of this work, "the greatest drainage canal in the world," Luis Kspinosa, is a man of humble birth, ami largely Indian by blood, but it is significant of the progress made in the Spanish- American Republic that it can produce engineers capable of designing and carrying out works of any magnitude and difficulty, Mexico is to have the most perfect sewerage system on the continent, if not in the world, !'1C plans being drawn up by the municipal cn I gineer, Roberto Gayol. (Ireat as have I been the strides made by the city in recent I times, it would be unfair to overlook the; splendid buildings and institutions founded by the Spanish conquerors. 1 lie Royal, Hospital (for Indians) was founded in 1553, and the first printiiig-oJliee erected! in the new world was that built in Mexico] in 1536, sixteen years after the conquest, j j Mexico, as Mr. Lummis says, is "a phtvnix | arising, not from the ashes of the past, hut j amid the past still vital monuments. ' j j Mr. Poultney Bigelow, in "Harpers Ma-j j gazine" for March, continues his interest-, j mg series of papers on "White Mans! j Africa," the present article being devoted , to a description of Basutolaud. The Basu-1 ! tos are a Kaflir race, akin to the Zulus and ! Matabele, and forty or fifty years ago tiicv j i were a warlike people, able to hold their own against Boers or British. Their I famous chief Moshesh is pronounced by Mr. Bigelow "the individual negro most nearly entitled to be called great, in so far as history leaves any record."' Now, the country is governed by a British resident, with half-a-dozen English magistrates and a body of native police. The manner in which Mr. Lagden exercises absolute au thority over a quarter of a million of blacks is one of the most extinordinary in stances to be found of the success with which a few Englishmen can, by moral in-1 fluence alone, govern thousands of dark- j skinned men. Mr. Lagden has not a single j redcoat or white policeman to protect him,' and if a single chief refused to obey his I order there is no visible force at his com-! mand to compel obedience. But there arc j invisible forces of great potency. Every j Basuto chief, every black warrior, is brought up in the faith that there is, far away, a white queen, who can be invoked for the protection of the black, and "to day the black man prefers English rule to that of Portugal, France, or Germany," not merely because his rights are better guarded under it, but because England is credited with greater powers of enforcing her wishes than any other Government in the Dark Continent. The Hasutos are proud of being enrolled in the Mounted Police force, and even the descendants of great chiefs are quite willing to serve as privates, as long as they are under white officers. The secret of the successful go vernment of Basutoland, in which there are no white settlers, is, as Mr. Lagden told Mr. Bigelow, that the power and influence of the chiefs are used as a means of govern ing and guiding a nation. "The police are in complete sympathy with the people amongst whom their duties lie." In the "Nineteenth Century" for Feb ruary Lord Charles Beresford discusser ..rrgent Questions for the Council of De fence."' Referring to (lie British navy, he states that there are 45 vessels which are gtill armed with muzzle- loading guns, while in the other European navies not a single vessel has one of these obsolete weapons. Of these 45 ships, he considers that 28 are not worth re-arming, but ought to be sold, broken up, or blown up. These, however, are not the only vessels that he regards as worthless, ns there are 80 or 90 cruiscrs utterly unlit to he kept in commission or reserve ns "lighting ships." The removal of these ships would, he thinks, be advan tageous in several ways. They require a number of men, and money for stores, ic. "They always need patching. They take up valuable room in the dock -yards and at moorings. All this is for what? To enable them to take their part as lighting ships in a sudden emergency. Not one of them could, and therefore the money spent upon them is wasted, and could be better em ployed." With regard to the personnel, Lord Charles Hercsford declares that the 25,0tKI men called the Royal Naval Reserve are not-a reserve at all, though excellent material for one. He considers that the lowest reserve the country ought to have is 70,000 oJlicers and men. Prince Ivropotkin in his article on "Recent .Science," draws attention to some remarkable facts recently brought to light which are likely to add greatly to our knowledge of the molecular structure of solid bodies. It has been shown that substances apparently as rigid and unyielding as metals have several of the most characteristic projflSrties of liquids. At a sufficient pressure they behave like plastic bodies, and they can be made to How like liquids. Professor W. Spring, of Belgium, has proved that just as two drops of a liquid coalesce when they arc brought in contact with each other, so also two pieces of solid metal coalesce if they a ret brought into contact by external pressure. Small metal cylinders, with their ends care fully planed and free from grease, if closely pressed together by a hand vice for a few hours are found to be welded together so tirmly that if they are afterwards torn asunder by a powerful machine they tear at other places than where they were joined. In the case of different metals being used, they actually intermingle, form ing a thin plate of alloy. The same sa vant has also shown that solid metals evaporate from their surfaces like liquids. The explanation given of these and other facts is "that, while most of the molecules o( a solid move about (or vibrate) with the slower velocities characteristic of the solid state, there are, in addition, a number of molecules which move about with a much greater rapidity, correoponding to the liquid or to the gaseous state." The ex-' jK'rinicnts of Spring and Robert S. Austen thus confirm the hyjrathesis propoundcdjby Graham as long ago ae that the "three conditions of matter (solid, liquid, and ' gaseous) probably always exist in every! liquid or solid substance, but that one I predominates over the others." 