PORTFOLIO. The Holy spirit is given to Christians for a still better and higher purpose than to enable them to do miracles. That was needed for the first preaching of Christianity, but it is not needed now. And yet the Holy Spirit is as much needed now as then; and St. Peter on the day of Pentecost, said to the people, "Repent, and be baptised, every one of you, in the name of Jesos Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, and toyour children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall calL" So the promice of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, is to os as much as to them. And the best and the highest work of the Spirit is to sanctify, or make holy. We all need making holy. We all need the Holy Ghost to sanctify us. And it is better to be holy, and to love God and man, than to do the miracles; for St. Paul says, "Though I speak with the tonges of men and of angels, and have not charity" (that is, love). "I am be come as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal." "And though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing." And, remuember, it is the holy spirit alone that can shed abroad in our hearts either love ornmy other good thing. . . Oh ! let us not flatter ourselves by thinking we are in any true and living sense Christians and God's children, if we have not the Spirit of Christ, if we are not led by the Holy Ghost. Remember, if we could be saved, we must have the Holy Spirit for our Sanctifier, as well as Jesus Christ for our Redeemer. And we cannot have one without the other. God does not half save us. Either we are altogether saved or not at all. And if we are altogethersaved, then, assuredly, the Holy Ghost changes and renews our heasts, just as truly as the Blood of Jesus Christ washes away our sins. We have no benefit in the Cross unless we are crucifying our sins. We cannot be justified witout being sanectified.-From "Plain Wlords," by I:ishop lTolshaim 1io't. 