Our Melbourne Letter- • fiT TOBIAS. The candidate with the long handle to his name, who opposed Foster in East Gippsland, has had an experience which all his legal knowledge was ineffectual in averting. Mr P.H.G.P.S. Conant was a candidate whose profession or calling was classed solicitor. He was ambitious of political life with an eye to the Attorney-Gerieralship, had the good fortune to- possess the necessary qualification, which an " amalgam " is credited with supplying. P.H.G.P.S.C. failed in his ambition ; and hard upon the heels of his defeat came flying in garnishees upon the returning officer, who was temporary custodian of his £50 deposit. A wild scramble is now being made for the " pony and if there be any of it left when the lawyers have settled the priority of right, it will be the most elastic fifty pounds on record. Whoever found the funds on this occasion has the worth of his money, in contemplating the fun of the scramble. * # * » * * * * Like the trail of the serpent, the heart-burning incident to the late election cannot be effectually hidden. The Labour party have suffered most; and have, in accordance - with lhe eternal fitness of thing*, the most legitimate right to air their grievances. The Age newspaper is their, bete noir in the abstract ; and, from a personal and individual point of view, Turner in the concrete. He is described by Maloney as a " cowardly cur," amidst the enthusiastic plaudits of an appreciative crowd at North Melbourne a few nights ago. This is a mild way of putting it, if not over polite, when it is remembered that Turner's tergiversation, in asking the country to send him into opposition as an alternative to the company he was constrained to endure towards the close of the last Parliament, was a deadly insult to Hancock and Co. * * * # # * * # * " He had climbed to place and power oter the heads of the workers "—meaning the Trade's Hall men of the Maloney calibre— u and now sat iu high places, decked with grand medals fore and aft," satirically remarked the travelled orator. This is probably the best touch of humour and irony that have ever joined forccs to produce a sarcastic climax. Wearing the medals " lore and aft" stands forth in unapproachable scf rn, as peerless and unequalled. " Fore and aft! "—particulary " aft." We have occasionally seen men swagger their " long service medals " in the foreground ; but aft— well I don't know what the orator alludes to unless it be the brace-buttons of the Premier's breeches ! All the same, he was wildly applauded for hi s brilliant and extempore effort. # * * # * * * * * * * When the Member for West Melbourne was on the job at Pendergast's meeting, he was merciless to friend and foe alike. Now, no one can doubt for já moment that Isaacs is the working man's friend, the new idol of the labour Jialedeiscope. But this discrect young wan is neither immaculate nor infallible. Jle is human like the rest of us. strange .and incredible as the statement may appear. During the Premier's absence he forgot his allegiance to King Demos, at a deputation where his imperial majesty became impudent and offensively aggressive, and he called a spade a spade. After this the men who would have it politely spoken of as a sanguinary shovel were not to be appeased. Their implacable wrath culminated at this meeting, when Maloney in sublime invective and withering fcorn designated this traitor to the cauge of democracy as " a thing ! " " A thing ! " Verily, after this few honorable men would care to enter politics. Is-this the reward an ungrateful people bestow upon her patriotic sons ? ** A thing J " Isaacs, above all wen, " a thing ! " The man who spoke like this does not, it is to be hoped, represent the feelings of Bogong. The man wljo would call your representative "a thing" would be found, I have no doubt, so bitter and unjust as to speali disrespectfully of the Equator ! * * * * • * I told you a few weeks ago that Commandant " Booth announced that he wanted £20,000 or thereabouts for his '' missionary " work, and that he ex pected to get it by proclaiming a self denial week throughout Australia, as is the annual custom. . I further added that he would get it too, though the most influential church organizations in Australia couldn't raise a fourth of the rponey. The " self.denial week " is now over, and the result of the appeal an nounced—£^5,360 ! What pessimist will dare to talk of depression after this ? The sum seems incredible, and /'rom the pockets of the workers too his marvellous outcome is not the rer suit of organization alone ; for England with a population of 40,000,000 raised £3f>0 less than did Australia. In what feature of our social entity lies this mysterious and incomprehensible success ? The appeal is made to the poorest amongst us, who are the principal agents of the response. Is democracy more sympathetic than the more successful factors of a higher social life ? Is enthusiasm the exclusive privilege of the poor and needy ? I leave the thoughtful to wrestle with this seeming paradox. * * * * * * * * * * * Away hack in the dim vista of bygone years, memory travels to a vague statement, which had the impudence to claim kindred wilh an aphorism, that the driver of blind oxen should himself be wanting in visual accomplishments. The stupidity »<f the would be aphorism was responsible far engendering in my young heart an unspeakable contempt for the author, and pity for the lunatics who pretended to understand. And yet have I come to the conclusion within the past few days that there may be ' something in it" after all. Miss Connor-O'Brien gave a paper on venti- ! ation before the Health Society last week. The room was crowded; the windows were unlifted, the doors shut; the ventilators closed down; and the audience underwent the various gradation that .may be experienced in a turkish bath. While descanting on the virtues of oxygen, several ladies had to be removed in a fainting condition, owing to the vitiated nature of the atmosphere. It was then I rometnbercd the phorism of other days. * * * * * * * * * The Police Band is not only a great public institution in Melbourne, but one of the most important features in the entire plan of our social amusements. The-annual dinner a few evenings ago at Russell.Street barracks comprised a arge and enthusiastic gathering. The re-union was pleasant, and the experiences varied and interesting. Many old " coppers" were present, including ran ton, of the city bench, formerly warden of the gold fields, and more formerly" still a trooper in connection with the Gold Escort contingent of 1850. But it wasn't exactly round these fossilated figures of a dead past that interest centered, but round the band itself and its important achievements, in the way of ameliorating dis tress outside th<* functional objects for which it was founded—the interests of amusement. It is now five years in existence, and it has during that brief period collected for charities alone over £3000. This is the sort of a record that justifies the ***** existence of a band. # * « » * * Canada must be a lively place in which to wear out existence, at least that portion of it under the spiritual jurisdiction of the Most Rev. James Cleary, Archbishop of Kingston. This modern representative of religious liberty, this exponent of Christian charity, has just issued a Pastoral warning his flock that it is deemed a mortal sin for any Roman Catholic to attend either a funeral or a wedding in a Protestant Church. This means hell— hell for all eternity !- -without a ghost of a show of the lesser furnaces of Purgatory. Whatever colds or Canadian blizzards this high, and holy, and lieaven-born divine's flock may be accustomed to in the rigorous climate of frozen Canada, Bishop Cleary will give them a grilling in the world to come. How beautiful ate the teachings of Christ's disciples! But somehow or other we don't recognise the man God who died on the Cross for our redemption in the Cleary episode. Bishop Cleary would have a hot time of it in Australia. Australia doesn't tolerate such narrow-minded and miserable bigots as this. The attractions of short hours and sure pay in the Public Service of the colony is largely discounted by the restrictions which illiberal regulations place upon officers. The interpretation of these regulations by the Public Service Board is, besides harsh and unpopular. State School teachers down Bairnsdale way, have had just cause for complaint lately, complaint of the severity of their application. Mr Laurier, a State School teacher of the romantic lakes, has been ju6t been dismissed for a too sonspicnoua exercise of his amorous proclivities towards one of his assistants— Miss Rachel Begg The The young lady, who has voluntarily cleared out, would appear to be a meet recipient for the poetic Frenchman' devoted attentions, This is the way she writes, this impulsive creature this favourite child of-romance ; " Mean while wo two will rise and walk together and wander in the meadows, or linger where the pehble-paven shores, under tho quick faint kisses of the sea, tremble and sparkle as with ècstacy." .-Vu im- pulsivc creature like this was lost in the wilds of Gippsland, teaching the unwashed kids of the Bairnsdale lioppickcrs. The department rudely interfered with this idyllic romance, and Laurier has attacked Miss Begg in the flank by instituting* proceedings against her for perjury. I agree with the lawyer in the case who says at the trial —referring to kissing-—" If teachers in this department are to be deprived of such perquisites, they are going* to have a very rough time indeed." A teacher's life, especially in the country, is to"> often a dull one ; and such sne-ldlesonn. 1 interference as this on the part of the department, will make the profession so unpopular later on that none except the dull and soulless clods, without poetry and without romance, will be tempted o join the worthiest and noblest of all professions. 