X J3.JJL jD X U.O. X JL iiiJuJUJtiLXx ' The Vintage.' £l Story of the Greek War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER XXVI. In a little while Abdul Achmet came in with a eunuch, wearing a face of woe, while behind they could hear the voice of the stout lady, who found the stairs a little trying. She entered the room ?with a shining, smiling face, and sat down puff ing on a sofa. ' And when I've got my breath again,' she said volubly, as if still in the middle nf a Rfinfcence. ' I'll tell vou who I am and what I am going to do, and what you are going to do. A hot morning it is, and there's no denying it, and though I've seen many pretty faces in my day, sir, I can't remember that I ever set eye on anything so nice as your little lot. And what may your name be, my dear,' she said, turning to Su leima, who shrank from her without knowing why ; ' but whatever your name is, it was a fine day for your kind master when he first set eyes on you.' She looked at Suleima more closely. ' Poor lamb, and so young, too,' she said kindly enough, ' and now I've got my breath a The moment after Suleima stepped out of the doorway Father Andrea, only thirty yards off , #nt up with a heart that was one red flame of anger. He had wrapt a handkerchief round his bleeding temple, while in bis hand, so thought the wild revengeful man, he held the sword of the Lord, dripjpiDg with the blood of the ungodly. — Chapteb XXVI. ' ' bit, I'll tell you my business. I'm a Greek by birth, though you can hear I talk Turkish like the Sultan himself , and as for my name, it's Pene lope.' Suleima suddenly burst into a helpless fit of ? laughter at this funny old woman, though she was not funny at all, she thought, but simply a fat, disgusting old hag. Penelope stopped short at this unseemly interruption, and for a moment seemed disposed to resent it, but some womanly feeling came to her aid, and she pulled a gieat bottle of some strong smelling stuff out of her pocket, and applied it to Suleima's nose, as she sat rocking' herself backwards and forwards with peals of Iaught9r. ' She'll faint if she laughs like that,' she ex plained, ' and this will pull her together a bit. Get some brandy, one of you, quickly. There, there, my dear,' she went on to Suleima, ' be quiet now, be quiet, it's all right, and take a spoonful of this. It'll do you good.' Suleima gradually recovered herself, through a spasm of coughing and choking, and the brandy brought her round. ' I'm sorry for laughing,' she «aid, no longer shrinking from the woman, and speaking low to her in Greek, ' but I am not very well. And oh, tell me, you look kind, have you seen Mitsos ? Where is he ; why does he not come ? ' Penelope started in surprise. ' My poor little one,' she answered in Greek, ' what does this mean ? But wait a minute.' Then speaking in Turkish again. ' I thought I'd seen her before,' she explained aloud, ' and she says she conies from Spetzas, which is my home. And what Fve come for is this, and I'm here to help all you women. You will all give up to me all your money and jewels, my pretties, for the Greek commander, who is a rela tion of mine — this was not the case — wishes neither to hunt nor harm you, but if you are found, any of you, with jewels or money about you, why it may be the siege of Navarin over again. So now I shall wait here, and each of you shall fetch all you have, and to make things sure and certain I'll just search each of you. This girl,' and she pointed to Suleima, ' shall come to me first, so get you all gone, and I'll call you in one at a time.' They all dispersed to their rooms to get their trinkets and money, and in a few moments Su leima came back, and the other closed the door quickly behind her. ' You are a Greek, child,' she said. ' Yes, put your things in there, we have not much time.' She heard Suleima's stury with many raisings of the hand, and exclamations of wonder, and when 6he had finished she kissed her, like a true woman, with pity and affection. ' Poor child, poor child,' she soothed her, ' I will do the best I can. God knows what will happen when the end comes, for the camp is like a pack of wolves. This Mitsos of yours has some glimmerings of sense, but look at the risk you run if you do as he tells you. Fancy running to meet a lot of wolves, you in your Turkish dress, crying you are a wolf too. Ah, dear me, and the child and all. But this is my idea, — separate yourself at all costs from, the other women. If they stay in tha house, run ; if they run, Btay here. Do not be seen with them ; unveil your face, as the Greek women do, and if possible avoid a mob of Greeks. If you have to go into the street, k9ep in a side Btreet, where perhaps stragglers only will come. And the Lord be with you, poor child.' Suleima clung to this woman, usually coarse and greedy, but one who had the true springs of true womanliness in her, as to a rock of refuge, and, without searching her, but kissing her again affectionately, she waited till the girl's tears had subsided before opening the door and calling in the next woman. In turn they all passed before her and gave up their valuables. There was but little money, for the women spent it for the most part on finery, and poured into Penelope's basket tur quoise collars, fine filigree work from the bazaars, bracelets set with pearls or moonstones, and ear rings of all sorts.. The search was hastily done, for she bad many houses to visit, and, with a curi ous mixture of humanity and greed, she wished to make as rich a harvest as possible, for she re ceived a share of what she got, and at the same time to do all she could for these poor caged women. And so for two days, for there were many houses to go to, and muoh to be got some times With difficulty, for Borne of the women would have preferred to run the risk of having valuables concealed about them, she went on her rounds of greedy mercy, and it was not till the morning of the fifth that she went out again to the camp. During those two days matters outside had gone from worse to worse. Another captain had been detected trafficking with the besieged, and when Nicholas laid. the proof of his guilt before Petro bey, he buried his face in his hands and said he could do nothing. That hour of weakness when he had consulted men whom he knew would only give him selfish counsel had broken his au thority like a reed. The captain's corps shared his guilt, probably down to the youngest man in his service ; and if he punished one he would have to punish hundreds. ' And oh, Nicholas,' said Petrobey in piteous appeal, ' if ever you have loved me, or can still remember that we are of one blood, help me now, by what way you will. I was ever honourable, but I have been weak as water; your strength and your honour are both unshaken.' Thia was on the morning of the fifth, and be fore Nicholas could reply, a shrill, rather breath less voice bawled ' Petrobey ! ' from outside, and Penelope demanded admittance. It was not her way to ask twice, and she followed up her de mand by putting her red face through the tent flap, and, entering herself, bade her servants, ladened with jewels, also to enter. Petrobey turned one last look at Nicholas. ' You will help me ? ' he said. ' I was always ready,' said Nicholas smiling; and he went lightly out of the tent. Some fine wrangling was gaing on in the men's quarters when he appeared, and two men ap pealed to him. ' Is it true that the woman has taken all the spoils to Petrobey's tent P ' asked one. Nicholas dived at the meaning of the question. ' His honour is untouched,' he said. ' They are there only for safe keeping ; I swear it, and will go bail for my life on it.' Then to himself. ' The time has come,' he thought ' when even he is not spared. Look you, lade,' he said aloud, ' to-day Tripoli falls. When it has come to this that you can suspect him, it is time. We make the attempt, we Mainats, who were ever the first at great deeds. Come, summon the men. Yes, I have the authority ; more than that I have promised to help, and there is only one way.' In five minutes the word had gone about, and the corps, some five hundred strong, flocked eagerly to hear Nicholas. He went with the cap tains into the officers' tent, and forgetful of his rank among men who had always treated him as the king of men, bade them sit down. '? In ten minutes,' he said, ' the tiorps ihuBfc stand under arms, and a moment's delay after that may spoil everything. I lead the way, and we go at a double's double straight to the Argos tower. At that corner a man can climb the wall* for there are rough projecting stones. How do I know that ? Because I climbed it last night when I was on sentry duty. So much for the vigilance of those moles and bats who are stationed there. With me I shall have a rope, which I will fasueu, and then in God's name follow like the bride groom to the bridechamber. The man behind me carries the Greek flag, which he hands me as soon as I am up. Ah, my friends, grant me that one sweet moment. Yet, no ; we will vote for the man who shall do that.' A deep murmar. ' You, you, Nicholas,' ran round, and so another moment of happiness so great that it was content, was given him. ' And now up with you,' said Nicholas. 'Ah, let us shake hands first. Oh, merciful God, but Thou art very good to me.' The attempt was so daring, ho utterly unex pected, that the Arcadian corps stationed opposite ' the Argos tower merely stood in amazement, us with a clatter and a rush the Mainats streamed up the wall in front of them. Agile as a cat, for all his sixty years, Nicholas laid hand and foot on the wall, and the next moment he had dashed down the single sentry on the tower wha was talking to a woman on the Avail. Then fastening the rope to one of the battlements, he turned again, and be fore two men had swarmed up the Greek flag waved from the tower. Nicholas waited there for, perhaps, a minute, while the Mainats swarmed up and formed in lines on the broad, terraced wall. He had mounted to the zenith of his life, the glorious visionary noon of his hopes was his, the work of years crowned, and the foul disgrace of the week of waiting over. When forty men or so had joined him, he bade them follow, and, falling on the guards at the gate, forced his way through, and with his own hand drew back the bolts and flung it open. The Arcadian corps opposite had seen the flag wave on the tower, and poured in, sweep ing the Mainats along with them up the main street of the lower town. A pack of wolves, Penelope had called them — aye, and the wolves were hungry. Six months waiting in inaction, all trust in their captains gone, and the treacherous marketing of the cap tains gone likewise. The soldiers knew that for days past promises of protection had flowed in on the besieged, and signed papers promising to pay kings' ransoms had come out, but there was little chance now of these ransoms going where they were promised. The soldiers would have a hand in that promised gold. It was their hour now. The captains might show their infamous paper bargains ; let them if they could protect their pashas, and let them collect their rewards from those who Bpoiled the palaces. There was such order in the ranks as the water of a rif or in flood observed when it has broken its banks ; among the besieged such resistance as sticks and straws show when the torrent catches them. Close on the heels of the regular troops, fighting to gain an entrance, came the mob of peasants — the scavengers of the siege — who had come for the pickings. The troops thruBt them back till they h id themselves gained an entrance ; some were ground against the walls, some thrown underfoot in the narrow gateway and trodden by the heels of the advancing columns. Once inside each man went where he chose, most of them making for the largb houses that stood round the square, where the richest booty was expected. Close above stood the citadel with empty-mouthed $runs pointing this way and that but silent, and if those mouths had been roaring with an iron death none would have regarded. Petrobey, who had joined the Mainats, wondered at this. The Turks, he thought, might at least sell their lives as dear as they could, but the reason was not known till three days later, when the citadel fell. All thoughts of discipline or order were out of the question, be was jostled among the others, he was one among mttny, and all were equal, and each was a wild animal. The attack had been utterly unexpected, and on the north side of the town provisions were be ing conveyed into the town over the walls even while at the Argbs gate the flag of Greece was flying. The hoarse roar of crowds came to the servants of Mehernet Salik as they were returning tb the house with meat and bread. There was no mistaking that sound, and they dropped what ever they had and fled home for refuge, only to find the women of the harem and the other serv ants streaming out to seek escape. The long delayed day had come ; the stronghold and centre of the Turkish power was in the hands of those who had been slaves so long, and each link of the chains that had held them was broken by another and another Turk stabbed, shot, or trampled to death. The Mainat corps gained, the square first, and cut into the mob escaping from Mehemet's house, and a lane of blood and bodies marked their march. Mehemet and a few soldiers had barricaded themselves into an upper story, and fired a few shots at the men at the rear of the column, who pressad forward unable to get in, but in ten seconds the foremost men had passed up the stairs, broken through the barricaded doors, and were on them. As their wont was, they fought in silence, and for the most part with knives only, and inside the room only the tramp ling of feet, short gaeps, and a sharp cry or two, was heard against that long hoarse roar outside. Yanni, who was among the first, forced his way to where Mehemet was standing still, pale and unconcerned, defending himself desperately, and as if introducing himself : ' He who was to serve in your harem,' he cried, and laughed as he stabbed him to the heart. Here and there in the streets a group of Turks collected, but the wave of men passed over them, leaving nought but wreckage behind, and others ran up to the citadel gates, where they beat on the door demanding admittance. Bui before the gates could be opened, the Mainats, who had finished their work at Mehemet's, were on them as they stood pressed, men ani women together, in a living wall. For an hour that piece of butchery lasted. They met resistance, for the Turks were not lacking in courage ; and when it was over, and the living wall was only a pile of death, they went back still silent and stern featured, but leaving some thirty or forty of their clan behind them, whose death they were going to avenge. Meantime the Albanian mercenaries, who had concluded a truce with the Greeks, hearing the tumult begin, formed under arms in the immense courtyard of the Palace of Ehnas Bey, their com mander, prepared, if the Greeks attempted to violate their conditions, to charge, and with a fair chance of success, this disorganised rabble, and cut their way through. The mob was swaying about outside the iron- barred gate, and some were even attempting to break it in, when Kolocotronee, who was among them, and saiv the danger, struggled up to the gate, and by his immense personal strength pushed away the Greeks who were trying to force it. One man, thinking that there was some vast treasure within, and that Kolocotrones had made some agreement by which it should be guarded for him, ran. at him with a drawn sword, crying, ' Treachery ! ' and the other, lifting his pistol, calmly shot him dead. For a few moments his life hung on a thread but he succeeded in making the men nearest him understand that there was a truce with the Alba nians, who only desired to leave the town, and forcing a certain number of men across the street to stop the mob, secured a clear space for them to march out into the street. From there they marched straight down the way from the Argive gate, which was the poor quarter of the town, and by the time almost entirely deserted by the Greek troops, though the hordes of peasants were swarming into the houses to secure all they could lay hands on, and out of the town, where they took up their quarters in the deserted camp at Trikorpha, whence they watched the destruction of the city. From there on the seventh day they marched across north to the Gulf of Corinth, and there took ship to the north of Greece, and reached their mountain homes in safety. Tbe house of Abdul Achmet, where Suleitna lived, was near the western gate of the city oppo site to which werB stationed the Argive corps. Though they could not see across the houses to the gate where the flag was flying, they heard the tumult of shouts and firing begin, they saw the sentries on the gate turn and fly, and without waiting for news or instructions, they assaulted the gate and tried to force it. But it held firm against their attack, and they had to blow up the staples of xhe bolts before they could get in. The main street up towards the square lay straight before them, and they poured up to where they could see the crowds battering at the houses, killing all the Turks, men, women, and children, whom they met flying away. Among the foremost was Father Andrea, priest of the Prince of Peace ho more, but a fury of hatred. In ten minutes his long two-edged knife was red from point to hilt, and as he dealt death to the masses of refugees, one word was cried from his mouth, ' The sword of thfc Lord 1 ' But just at the corner, where the side street ran down to the little door opening from Abdul A^hmet's house below the harem window, a Turk whom he had charged attacked him, evading his upraised knife, and knocked him over, only to find death two yards off. He hit his head against the curb stone of the pavement, and lay there for a few moments stunned, and came to himself, with the world spinning round him. He rose, and staggered out of the blinding sun shine into a cool dark doorway, some yards down the street, to recover himself a little, and to stanch the blood which was flowing from his head ; but his knife, which had flown from his hand, he had picked up and carried with him. Meantime Suleima from the lattice window had seen the charge of the Argives, and the terrified women calling on Allah and the prophet, ran trembling- and sobbing about like frightened birds caught in a net. Abdul did not appear ; he had probably run from the house, and the serv ants seemed to have fled too. Some of the women were for following their example, and try ing to escape to the western gate, which was only two hundred yards off, as boon as the road was more clear ; others were for climbing up to the roof, and hiding1 themselves there ; jthers for shutting themselves into some small chamber in the house, hoping they would not be discovered. At length, amid au infinity of wailing chatter, they agreed on this, and Suleima, according to Penelope' 3 instruotions, waited among the hinder most and then turned to slip downstairs and out. Zuleika saw her, and cried to her to come back, then seemed disposed to follow herself ; but Su leima heard her not, and glided down the stairs like a ghost. On the first landing she stopped foi a moment, and took the veil off her face. Her black hair streamed dowu ovec her shoulders, reaching to her waist, and she lied it up in a great knot about her. Then she wrapped her black burnouse round her, and waited a moment till she was certain that none were following her. A strange new courag-e made steel of her muscles ; never in her life had she known so warm a bravery ; for when she was out in the boat with Mitsoa, or returning to the house after one of those excursions, she had trembled with fright lest she should be discovered, and all this last week she had sudden qualms and ahiverings of terror at the thought of the innumerable dangers that lay before her. But now that the time had come, she slipped down the stairs as calmly as she went to her bed or her bath ; she thought of herself no longer, but of the unborn life she carried. A moment's faltering, a babbling word where a firm word was wanted would be death to that which was dearer to her than herself, and she hastened to the doorway, and seeing that the side street seemed deserted, slipped out, with the strength that is the off spring of the proteotiveness for that which is as in timately dear as self, and dearer in that it is not self, which only women can know. That day saw many bloody and cruel acts, and many cowardly and craven things, and perhaps only one deed of instinctive unconscious heroism, and that was Su leima's sublime and desperate attempt to save the child of him she loved. The roar of death and murder rose like the roar of the sea as she opened the door, and yet the terror of loneliness to one bred in a chattering harem was hardly less terrible. Where should she go on her desperate attempt ? Looking up the street to the main road leading to the square, there suddenly came into sight a woman run ning distractedly with shrill cries towards the western gate, and even as she passed a, Greek coming up from the opposite direotion ran her through the body, and wiping his sword on her dress, passed on. Cold feai? ran like a rivet by her heart, yet she would not give it admittance. She must be brave, she would be brave. There was no safety within, that was sure, among the rest of the Turkish women. How should she be Bpared P To the south a column of black smoke rose from a quarter already burning, flame and sword were around her. Then, for fear she should lose her courage altogether, she drew one deap breath and stepped out into the street, terrible to her in its emptiness, more terrible still in the thought that at any moment it might sing and roar with death. Now it was so ordained that the moment after Suleima stepped out of the doorway Father An drea, only thirty yards off, got iip with a heart that was one red flame of anger. He had wrapt a handkerchief round his bleeding temple, and that blow had stung him to madness, while in his hand, so thought the wild revengeful man, he held the sword of the Lord, dripping with the blood of the ungodly. Man, woman, and child, they were all one accursed brood. With this thought in his brain he looked down the street and saw a Turkish woman walking towards him, and ' The sword of the Lord ! ' he cried again. The woman fled not, but ran towards him cry ing out : ' Save me, I am of your blood,'' and seeing he was a priest by the long black robe and hair that streamed over his shoulders, ' Save me, father,' she cried again, ' I am of your blood.' 'Mother of devils, mother of devils,' muttered Andrea, but then stopped suddenly, with arm up lifted, not ten yards off, for over his wild brain there mine the astonished thought that she had spoken Greek. At the sight of that red knife, and at those fierce words, Suleima uttered a little low cry of des pair, but in a moment her strength came back to her redoubled, and she flung side her bernouse. 'Would you slay me, father?' she cried again. ' I, who am of your blood, and see I am with child ? ' Father Andrea paused, stricken out of thought for a moment', and wiped his blade against his cas sock. '! Greek, she is Greek,' he said to himself, ' yet from the house of the Turk.' Suleima stood as still as a marble statue, aid as white. The black bernouse had fallen to the ground, and her silk robe flowed loosely round her figure. He moved a step nearer. ' You are Greek,' he said to her. ' How came vou here ? ' Continued on page 1243. \- --? {Con&iMe;&fim;'pdge 1241.) ' I know not,' said Suleima. ' I was taken by the Turks ten years ego, or it may be twelve. Take me away, father, out of this horrible town.*' The two were standing close together in the de serted street. From above came the wails of' women, for rht- Greeks bad forced their way into Abdul Aeatnet'G house through the door in the main street, and from the square roared the mob. Andrea looked at her in silence for a moment, his brows knitted into a frown, his brain one mill race of thought, suggesting a possibility beyond the bounds of possibility. At length he spoke to her again, wondering at himself . ?? I will save you, my daughter,' he saii, and as the word passed his lips, his heart throbbed almost tc bursting. ' Quick, come with me. Ah, wait a moment.' And he thrust her back gently into the door way out of which she had come while a mob of countrymen passed the opening into the main street. When they had passed he turned to her again. ' Gome with me, now,' he said, making her take his arm, ' and come as quickly as you can. Pray God we get out safe.' Once more before they reached the main street they had to hide in the doorway where Father Andrea had sat, and waiting there he suddenly turned and took her hands, with his soul in his eyes looking at her with an agonised appeal. Suleima met his gaze directly and pressed his hands. ' You will save me, father ? ' she said again. ' I will save you,' he replied, ' in the name of God. Come again on. The mot has gone by.' They hurried on towards -the western gate, he half carrying her, in time to get out before another mob of men streamed down from the mountains round. Father Andrea took her to hi6 hut, and bade her wait there for him, while he ?went to get a pony, for she was in no state to walk. All thought was drowned in one possi bility, and without speaking to her again he placed her very gently on the beast, and taking the rope rein in his hand led it along on to the road to Axgos and Nauplia. The camp was ab solutely deserted, and they plodded across the plain, and stopped not. Neither spoke till Tripoli had sunk behind the first range of the low hills which led up to Mount Parthenius. There he led the pony of? th9 path and left her in a shady hol low, while he went on to the village of Doliana half a mile distant to get food and drink for Su leima, who was very white and faint, and though his anxiety to know was nigh insupportable, he thought of her. Only once on that ride had Suleima spoken, and that when they struck the road. 11 'We are going to* Nauplia ? ' she asked with a sudden springing iip of hope. ' To Nauplia, my daugher,' said Andrea. 'Speak no more, till we talk together.'' .' But, father, father ! ' she cried, ' tell ine one thing. Where is Mtsos ? Oh, take me io Mitsos.' ' Mitsos, Mitsos .? ' said Andrea. ' Yes, the tall Mifcsos, who lives in that house near the bay.' Father Andrea stopped. ' What do you know of Mitsos ? ' he said almost fiercely, and the girl's tears answered him. As soon as he had left her there and was out of bight, he knelt down on the hillside. ' Oh, God, O Merciful and loving One I ' he cried in an agony of supplication, ' if thisibe pos sible^ if this be possible !— for to Thee all things are possible — did she not speak to me as a priest and call_e ? Father,' — Oh, in thy infinite com *passion let her word be true. Did I not call her daughter, while my heart burned within me ? O merciful and loving One.' He found Suleima where he had left her, and made her eat and drink, and saw her strength, revive, and 'when she had finished he came and sat by her. (To be continued.) 