BROADBRIMS NEW YORK ? ? " LETTER. . 'Gloria! Gloria in Excelsis Deo !'' -Christ has come ! Christ has come ! Riiig out; oh brazen bollsrring-outr and awaken -the echoes of the slumWring' nightring out, oh bells, and tell the peoples' of all the earth that He of whom the prophets spake is here to 1/. - come the pledge and sacrifice of a ransomed world. In His blood shall the sins of count less millions be washed away; millions which in God's good time shall sing the praises of His Son, before the great White Throne, forever and "forever. He cometh in a night of sorrow, but away in the east blax.es the Star of Hope, a mes senger of mercy, peace and hive, and of the glory of the coming day. His brief life shall be one of suffering and persecution. He shall be scorned and hated by those He came to save ; men shall cast Him out and hunt- Himto Hisdeath, till at last, on Calvary's rugged sides, on the cross, which will be. the Christian's symbol of salvation till the end of time, amid lowering skies and earthquake shocks is heard the agonising cry, "It is finished!. It is finished," and He giveth up .the. Ghost-. . . . How rapidly the years sweep by. It seems but a few days since, on the return of Christ mas eve, I sat at my father's feet, listen ing to the stories of Wonder Land and of the blessed Saint Nicholas, who, later on, would till the little stocking that hung beside the groat broail chimney, where the massive yule log burned, filling the house with rich perfume of (he balsam, 110 bad substitute for the frankincense and myrrh, which the wise men brought from (he East as an ofieriny it. the infant Saviour. in every Christian home on this night, the cross will stand as the sacred symbol of a world's salvation. If signs and symbols have aught to do with our future destiny then shall the star which blazes in the east, be a symbol of hope and glory to the children of men down to the and of time, and the cross on which he died the sheet anchor of the Christains imperilled soul, to hold it fast in the fiercest storm, when all beside is drifting to hopeless ruin. Of. all the sacred holidays in the year,' there is not one that awakens in the human heart such a responsive throb for charity as the day on which the Saviour of mankind was born. What secret power is it that calls up the wife of the millionaire at midnight and sends her down to the slums, where sin and crime of every degree hold a godless carnival,' where bedizened women, whose faces shun the light of day, and whose lives of wickedness are a constant ch;d!en;e to God's mercy and forgiveness, lives which are deep car rod and ploughed by crimes which seem 'o have driven them outside the pale of Hie Creator's living grace yet, no, fcluit grace and mercy'can never be exhausted, else hath the ,Saviour died in vain. f For one day and one night, at least, put |. all the wickedness,'- nil the disappointment, i" all the grief, all the failures and all the losses of the world behind you, looking hopefully forward to a future, which^ sooner or later, is sure to come. Why should we fear the change, when nearly all that we loved, all that made life a blessing, have gone before us into the splendor and glory of the Promised Land. Why fear ? Why tremble at a change which gives abundant promise of a glorious resurrection ? On the banner and shield of an ancient-corporation,. is.' affixed the motto "'The 'best of life is yet to come." Life! What is it ? Merely a stopping place on the highway; to.eternity. The gates of mortal death close behind us ; darkness and gloom vanish ; the glory that the heart of man could not conceivo, unfolds as-the attending angel throws wide open the portals of everlasting day. Of all: of God's mercies to the children of men there is nothing comparable to death, which lVGod's warrant to the inheritance of the life eternal. Happy, supremely happj', in this belief of the future which no power, save Ood can shake, I sit here, seeming alone to moptal eyes,-for there is a mortal vision and there is a spiritual vision ; the mortal vision serveth the mortal, body ; the spiritual vision illuminates the soul; and looking only with spiritual eyes to-night, I sit down to keep ;ay Christmas vigil, to watch and wait. All the world seems asleep; silence reigns supreme, broken only by the sweet music of the distant sleigh-bells, which for a moment entrances . the ear, and swiftly vanishing, melts into the night. A burst of light, a rush of wrings, and the loves of a life are with mo once again. Among them is a little fair haired angel who was the light of my home, long years ago, but who was called away, leaving on earth1 a blank that can never be filled, ex cept as I see her with spiritual eyes on this blessed Christmas eve ; and so they pass in swift review, without a sight or sound to. mar '.the harmony. Goodnight, good night, good ?night. ! . Christmas week is always busy, and it brings happiness and thanksgiving to thou sand# of. homes that if it were not tor this blessed holiday would be sad indeed. A pleasant feature of Christmas this year has ; been the great number of marriages. The; list .of brides and grooms, best men and maids, has been phenomenal. One of the most reriiarkVble has been that-of Bishop Littlejonn's daughter to his private secre tary; the-bride being thirty-eight and the bridegroom twenty-three. This is the sec ,ond . fctme that Miss Littlejohn has worn .orange blossoms. Twenty years ago she was one of ithe most lovely and accomplished ladies in the diocese of Long Island of which Bishop Littlejohn is the spiritual guide. The ceremony took place in Holy Trinity of ; which her father had formerly "been the rec tor. The church was magnificently decora ted with the rarest and choicest flowers; all of fashion's most distinguished kings and queens honored the ceremony with their presenco. The reception after the marri age ceremony is still spoken of after a lapse of twenty years as one of the most splendid ever given in Brooklyn, and the wedding presents were valued at fifty thousand dol lars. After a short wedding trip the couple returned to. Brooklyn and settled down in the beautiful home which the young hus band had provided for his bride. Mr. AlmetF. Jenks, the fortunate suitor, ivas a handsome and successful lawyer, who from his^own ability and relationship was on the high road to fortune and distinction, he being for several years the corporation coun sel, in addition to which he had a large and lucrative private practice. Never did any young crtuple start in life with a fairer pro spect of happiness. Five or six weeks passed by, and it was noticed by intimate friends that there was a skeleton behind the door of the Bishop's daughter. What the nature of the difficulty was no one seemed to know ; there was no complaint, from either side ; but society was startled one morning to learn from the daily papers bhao Mrs. Jenks had returned to her father's '; home, and Mr. Jenks had taken rooms at a_fashionable hotel. All sorts of guesses were indulged in, but none of thom .were near the-mark. Mr. Jenks kept quietly practicing- his profession, but his most inti mate friends understood that under ho cir cumstances must any allusion be made to his ivifej; anil the confidants of Mrs. Jenks were made aware that her husband's name was tabooed, though no cause was given for the extraordinary inhibition." After a lapse of several years Brooklyn society was treated to another surprise. Mrs. Jenks disappeared from Brooklyn. It was finally discovered she: was living in Rhode Island, 'where, after residing the statutory :time, she procured a divorce from Mr. Jenks .on the ground of abandonment:-the understanding of the law being that she was likely to become a public charge; Her only witnesses were her father and mother, who must have made the necessary affidavit to that state of affairs though the Episcopal Church like tne Catholic Church, does not recognise divorce. After the divorce, which gave Mrs. Jenks the right to resume her maiden name as Miss Littlejohn, she mingled oncc more in society. Meanwhile Mr. Jenks never left Brooklyn, and who, though accused of ab andonment, never refused to support his wife. But after her divorce he found another affinitv and married her,^ and he is still livinc, in Brooklyn with wife number two as happy as turtle doves. Miss Littlejohn, as she was called, after tlie divorce and up to .1 few weeks a^o, was residing with her father and mother °at the See house, which A. T. Stewart had erccted to be the residence of the bishop of the diocese for all time ; the bishop, in return guaranteeing to~make Garden City the Epis copal centre of thediocese of Lonrr Island. iVir. Stewart- also erected fine buildings for schools and colleges, and in addition to the buildings I have mentioned, ho erected one of the most-beautiful-cathedrals to be found on the American continent, which he in tended should be a mausoleum for himself and his wife after death. Tv.-o munificent white, marble sarcophaguses were placed in the crypt to receive their remains, hut Mr. ote-wart's . "body was stolon, from its tun porary resting place at the corner 0f iileyenrh-street and Second Avenue, so one sarcophagus remains empty to this day \- Three years ago Bishop Littlejohn en-a^ed a young clerical student named Wii]£lm 1 ark Bird as his private secretary, he beiii" at the time between nineteen and twentv years of age. He and Miss Littlejohn were constantly thrown into each other's society, ami a short time ago they were marred . man'iage was very secret, there bein.^no witnesses present but the Bishop and°his wne. The bride was nearly fortv, and the bridegroom twenty-three. ' When M^s -LKtlejohn was married to Mr. Jenks her present husband was three years of a<*e . marriage was something more than a nine days'wonder, and set all the <4os«ips talking, and the good Bishop was very un easy in his mind, lie had violated one <>f the must-stringent, laws of the Er.iseon-1 churcn, and lie was troubled. He called', couju:>1 Oi five Bishops ami laid the whole matter before them. After considering the « w!. r 1 m V-"1-1, -,lay:s thu>' b*>ws?htn» a veidiet that according to canon lav.- Miss Littlejohn had never been legally married to 1 1. . en.vs, although the ceremonv was per formed with bell, book and candle, by a priest of the Episcopal church, regularly or dained and authorised, and in the preface of thousands of people. It was a hard nut ,1 'IU Episcopalian to '-rack, but {hev accepted the verdict and said nothing but they dio a heap of thinking. The marriage of Miss Littlejohn to her tatliers private secretary has started the gossips again, but really I can't see whose business it is, except to the parties most in timately concerned. If the ladv is satisfied an,. Mi- Rird finds m, fault, I sincerely wish them a happy *ew W and many of them. One ot_tlie most singular eases that have come betore the courts here is now in t"he hands ot a commission appointed by Jud-e ^ewburger, toexa.nine, as to his sanity, one William G. \\.ood, an old . fool who has squandered a fortune of two millions of dol lars, and whose income, till lately, was fifty thousand dollars a year ; stranger than all he was married when he was twenty-five; and til he was titty, was a decent W be.iavcd nian Then he fell into the snares laid for him by a-number of wicked women, ano in a few 3 ears his millions had vanished and now he is a prisoner in the Tombs for forgmg his wife « name to cheques amounting o thousands of dollars, which he squandered 011 his dissol.ite companions. ^ ith crime and sin abounding with trails f<, -lunler robbery and other offencillJo^ ;ini't-" ^ of just-u.u in olu. co,u,j.1) v-1 listmas, blessed Christmas, had a "rand observance. It is the one day in tho year that luesiis sU.ps counting the extents of his moneybags, closes his day boo]: and led ger, and at Christ's call scatters its yellow Ingots among the poor. Oh,-Messed JVIaster, - how potent is Thy name to-night, glorified : and adored wherever the Cross ;on; which Thou didst suffer and die is .the symbol of Thy dread agony and of our salvation; What name in all Time's record can equal Thine to stir tho hearts of_ men. In ther^ gilded palaces of earth's mightiest kings and rulers Thou has a lodgment, and in_the_ squalid wretchedness of the beggar's miserable home Thou comest in the death hour an angel of hope and light to guide the soul when it quits its tenements of clay, on its way to Paradise. Li the hospitals, where the suffering poor profit in Thy name. In the jails, where Thy, erring children pay the earthly penalty of crime. On tho trackless ocean, amid.nighfc and storm, the trusting mariner glorifies.Thy name, believing that Thou wilt" "guide-him safely to the distant, shore. Hail, all kail, Christ, Master, King ; hasten the coming day when Jesus, our King, shall be all in all, and death shall be swallowed up in victory. Yours truly, -BROADBRIM. ... 