THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our represen tative made his way to the humble horn6 ?of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 46 Crown-lane ^Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a .«-- year-old baby, find his face declare'1 ,.ui to be one of the happiest men in ?ydney. He was up and about and *bl .3 answer the knock «t the door .Although pale mid bearing Btill the marks ?of a critical iltaese, and a period of pain, iit was very clear that he waB an invalid on ?the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to ifeu preliminary questions, he said: 'You want to know all about -niy case V Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts nay be of ?value to those who are etricken am I was.' ' How long were you suffering V 41 Well, twelve months ago I got ao bad that I had to (LEAVE OFF WORK, isnd I tare -done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I smet with an accident { I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, ?Sydney. Since the accident I have been 'n failing health, and after four years of -?dual development of the malady, I was .reed to give up my billet at the Glebe ' AsoV '? What were the symptoms I' ' Simply indescribable. The pains Treretnraetlihig terrible. They were just \--about as oinch as I could baar. Thev vere for all the world like as if a SAW WSKB CUTTING MY BONES n two in every part of me. I had no ontrol over ray bowels or bladder, and vas a nuisance to myself and everyone she. I was incessantly shivering aud ihaking, and could neither eat norsjeep. 5n the 23rd March laat 1 saw a well iffcown doctor, and lie told me that my case was jtterfy -hopeless. However, be gave me sn order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order 5' 41 No ; I came home and went to bed, «nd have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago i could not walk -across the floor ; in feet, I oould not get out of bed. I felt then that it wis ALT, OVSB WILH MR, ind only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to -ease theagoiiy I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of ?the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar ?di-turbancea of gait, and difficulty in co oruinating voluntary movements. He -x-ld me that I might last for ten years, .nd that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his ?gs about with energy to enow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning tnan will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the j-.drertiBement describing the cure ?fleeted in the case of another boiler naker in England, which I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Lillians' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which jeemed to fit my own. 1 determined to .five the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and -SENT FOB A BOX. ''he effect wit? as marvellous as it was r\gicaL 1 was able to eat and sleep as . sr?h iKitiiinc; ires the matter with me. . 'as the first appetite and rest I had for : ly a day. It was incredible, t frame \- le'y left the bed and was able to move .oout. I have taken four boxes of Pink 'ills during the put four weeks, and am hi t&Vintr; thu Gfth box. . . I CAN WALK ABOUT -rith the aid of a atiok, and am gradually, ut surely, recovering my former vigor ad vitality. Ton see those .crutches -eiu? They are perfectly, new, and I \- ivt never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this ?tick, and I bope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly, regaining my strength. ' ' He is 100*er cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvh, who hafl come in and Uken the baby on her knees. ' The Pink Pills have BATED HIB LIFE, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, ?aid that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. ' I can now,' continued Jarvts, ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has came back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am. I horje to be able to work in two months' time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am BErramro-ruY than I have been at any^time during the past five years. I ascribe Blithe change and benefit to these Pink Prills. They have saved my life. I am m no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIDM AND MORPHIA pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued speed towards recovery our representative withdrew. 