Letter prom Aunt E'ily. My Dear Children—I have now to an nounce to you the re-opening of compe tition for first prize which was held over from the Christmas competitions. The prize is to be competed for by senior mem bers only, age: from 15 to 18. A hand somely-bound volume of the " Ave Maria," valued at 10s., will be awarded to the writer of the best letter. Subject to be of the writer's own choosing. The com petition will remain open until March 22, and the result will appear in the issue of iihe 28th. And now a word about competition and letter-writing generally. Young letter-writers are of two classes; those who take no trouble at all to write well or fluently, and those who are too painstaking, or rather, too ambitious, and who, in endeavouring to do well, use big and grand words and phrases, which they would never dream of making use of in speaking, the effect being extremely stil ted And artificial. It has been said that you should write as you are accus tomed to speak, but it is doubtful if that is quite a sound piece of advice, for some people speak very carelessly, and do not make themselves clearly understood. If. you are in the habit of Bpeakiug carefully, then, of course, you will be safe to write in the same manner, not otherwise. As lam chiefly addressing seniormembers, I may remind them of Buskin's piece of ad vice : "Learn to see something well, and tell clearly what you see." This he con sidered a great help to forming the mind and character, Big words are a stumbling-block for the inexperienced writer. It is related of Ben jamin Franklin—you all know Benjamin Franklin—that he was very fond of using Big words. One day lie told his father that he had swallowed some acephalous molluscue. His father became greatly alarmed, and shrieked for help. Bennie's mother then came running with hot water remedies. The two of them plied the un lucky Bennie, his father meanwhile ex claiming, " if we don't get these things out • of Bennie he'll be poisoned, sure." Bennie explained when he got his breath, that the articles referred to were only oysters. His father thrashed him soundly for giving them such a fright, and Franklin never afterwards used words of two syllables where one would do. Another pitfall for beginners is using words in a wrong sense, or using the wrong word altogether. I remember one young lady who gravely stated that the house she lived in was fes tered with mice, while another. was much interested in hearing all about the Papal "vesuvians"; she was alluding to the Pope's army, who were generally spoken of as the " Papal zouaves." A funny story of using words in their wrong sense was that of the Cardinal, who had been present at the " profession " of • some nuns in a convent in Eome. The nuns being English, the Cardinal in his little speech on the occasion thought to please them by addressing them in English. At %e breakfast which followed he addressed them tb us:—"<i?km delight Mi to-day. Yes, l ain really Very delight ful" .Then, seeing the ghost of a smile flicker -on the faces of "the hunt, His Eminence continued with emphasis—"I think everything has conspired.to make me ■ delightful to-day." As the astonished Bev. Mother was still silent, the; Cardinal added I Ajn.fullqf delight at all I have seen"? But the Cardinal was not English, and was therefore to; be excused. . - He had only attempted English outof compliment to the nationality of the Bisters. > A. y oung literary, aspirant once received * the following pibbb of advice > from a cele brated man,of letters—" Take ybur pfen and •crossoutallthe > pi^cesofybiir work which you think the finest hnd best, ahd then -probably > your mahusfciipi; wil! be wbrth rv: ^^itAS^rue,> ,^hose literary flourishes^ wbiph^o^hpiy ^fahcylobkBofine 1 think! have l&tareilydu; quite sufficiently. J^trustJAJaiger^number of mTFrndit Cnmranas. You ' see I have made it easy for you all by leaving the choice of a subject to your selves. 1 Nephew Vincent Boylan heads the list of this week's correspondents. You will be a very zealous nephew, I hope, Vincent, since you bear the name of the Patron Saint of our Club. Thanks for your donation. Niece Katie Moroney is pleased with her card. What a tiny little scholar is your sister Mary. As she is five years of age she is eligible for club membership. Niece Katie must enrol her. Here is Niece Margaret Mary Kenny, aged five years—whole five years—and goes to Sunday Schoolonce a month, and she sends " something " for the orphans. Thanks for that big, generous "something." I want to know why Bridget cannot write until next year. That is too long for me to wait for Bridget. Tell Bridget so, with my love. Next comes a correspondent I am always pleased to see—Niece Annie Lynch, Nor wbod. Annie hds generally something very interesting and sensible to write about, and this letter is excellent; all about our little orphans and their happy home. 1 am sure your visit has strengthened your good resolve of doing all you can for the little ones. Niece Elizabeth Mary Collins is a new member and writes a very good letter. Your teacher, dear niece, seems to have been particularly good to you at Christmas, but that, T daresay, is because you are a particularly good pupil. Thanks for your kind donation. Aunt Eily's album has received a very important addition — Niece Mary and Nephews Vincent and John, of Glenelg. By the look of Nephew John I should say he would be able to write a first-class letter to Aunt Eily. For Nephew Vincent, when I looked at his face, I thought at once of " Tom Playfair." Perhaps you do not know Tom Playfair. If so all I can say is make his acquaintance as soon as possible. He comes from'America, and Father Finn, S.J., will be glad to give you his address. He is the best boy "out." I have left Niece Mary last, but not because she is least. Good, gentle Mary, thanks for your photo. The album wants many such additions. With love, AUNT EILT. Aunt Eily acknowledges : — Willie Howard, Norwood, Is. A Payable Call.—"The monster clothing and outfitting emporium in the East end of Bundle Street is now the scene of much activity. The winter season is approach ing, and Mr. F. Sack, the most genial of business men, i6 to be found, with his cour teous assistants, with a huge stock of ready and well made clothing, supplying the wants of hiB very numerouB customers with bargains which are not to be found elsewhere in any part of the city. We would remind our numerous friends and readers, when in town, to pay a visit to this notable establishment, as Mr. Sack has always most generously subscribed to The Southern Cross, and is ever ready with his donation to any call in connection with the Church when appealed to. The justice of that .gentleman's claim on the Catholics of the city and suburbs for a share of their patronage cannot be gaingayed, and we trust that such will be gratefully responded to. As the great national feast of St. Patrick is now at hand, a good outfit can be secured at Mr. Sack's at prices most satisfactory. A call will be most con vincing. The very extensive business done by Mr. W. T. Tampion, of Gouger Street, has necessitated; his removal to.more commo dious premises. His new emporium is at the new building next the Creche, and near the Supreme Court, wherefie has one of the finest displays of all classes of furni ture; in fact, he provides the complete out fit; for the furnishing of a house in the latest style. The showroom upstairs and at the back are literally packed with all the best goods, and at night the incandes cent lamps make quite a brilliant display. Sir. Tampion offers the very easiest terms procurable, and goods may be delivered in pt;3?5»e ap proach pf S t.\ Pat rick's X> ay. offers an excel lent to in spect this very cbmplete' establishment. CoUntbIy Msitprs, to Adelaide; for the celebration of7St. Patrick's Day. shotild not return before inspecting the large stock of iewdUe^L%|jflTi' ,Qr. mj.^end^at =estab lishment. " Tbsttiyely, one4 bf thb "Bestr bl end largest stocks in the city is now ,f^| MjiTp.; Bundle Street, ami aft the ' W&Kmes.; bf all. s^ro'iind (Sizes, blocks %11 guaranteed' as - reliable timb keepers, electroplate, silverware, spectacles and optical goods arenll rcf»4he yery* best * 5 •ibtibns- Jlpk Wends I Islm^fiaifu^fio ' 45, 7 ^t hCds^^ Aaehaab, hu d all-jirlyals. foip gbiiig to'bMbtf establishhidQ^ Pr; re ntdrhjii^hmne.;'- •. . 