Woman's World. (BY M.S.) • At the Mechanics' Institute there is-a very coBy little room (with a few hard chairs and a table), where any women members of the library may retire for a quiet reading hour or BO enjoying what in Coolgardie is an un accustomed luxury—the .undisturbed >com- . panionship of a good author. It can be scarcely be- known to many Coolgardie women that they have this privilege, au surely it would be more appreciated. The library is opposite an enterprising tradesman's establishment, where the proprietor dispenses afternoon tea to stay of his customers. Besides this, it is only a minute's .walk from the most comfortable tea-shop in Coolgardie if one does not care to accept the ' more complimentary refreshment.' • # . . » The officials, in connection with the library are most courteous and attentive, and evidently take a keen pl^sure in their charge. One of these officials is the young /daughter of a prominent citizen, and as another illustration of. how well women c&n; accept and carry through the. responsibility usually allotted to the other sex. • » • ' The library itself is a boon to the whole . community. Well' chosen, and wel 1 arranged, it is the chief means of keeping us in touch with those laruer affairs of the outer world,] without which one's sympathies are limited and one's understanding stifled. ; • w" * \- Not.onlydoes the library include a very valuaible proportion of reference works, out : < the committee have madea'very discriminat- : . ing choice in the matter of modern fiction. , All the standard works are includeit(it would be so nice to say in the printed catalogue.) Amongst the newer novelist* are the. names of Frankfort Moore, "Oeorge Egeiton," Coulson Kernahan, F. A Steel and others too numerous to mention. *' * * • • The name of. Flora - A. Steel whose last book," On the Fate of the Waters " has bad such a remarkable Success, reminds one of a very interesting gathering the other day when Mtb. Steel "literally brought down the; house," by an impromptu speech^ The . new Vagabond Club were holding their. half yearly dinner; at which they make a point to invito women. Mr. Ball Oaine was in the chair, and made one of his most successful of suocessfulafter dinnerspeeches, in which he discoursed at length on the progress ol our sex during the last sixty - years. His references iiioluded muchtbat was cheering and helpful with regard to our wore extended emancipation. . Mr. xiosy had replied. whenMrs.Steel put in a late appearance. .On the spur of the momentshepioked nfe the thread, and continued the thanka-~or, as She put it, played . the acftustomed' ".second fiddle." The spbeQhwas'quite.'a revelation ; of oratorioal power. Her delivery was animated and blear, the subject matter was close to the heart, and Ahe plaosS a ju^t value on our new Opportunities whioh "the pospession of .our own Iqtch-key has conferred upon as. ; "••' ' . She jnade a cunning little, thrust when \- touching bn the freedom wjth which women. can now leave the domestic hearth, when rshe drily supposed " that ltmight be yearn yheforewe learn the decentr^ratatleaving, and the deoorons pleasure in returpiqg, • which men have acquired throi^<^tturies of duplicity." But behind this light touch of sparkling good-humored cynicism there was the heavier outline " of * the '^deadly earnest" effort to stand, side by side and hand in hand in a strong endeavor' to right the'wrongs of our civilzation, and at the same time to preserve the integrit. of our highest womanhood, • •* •' * • * v • The "women, , indeed, do now stand at the cross- roads where the old ways:and new ways meet. We caqnot stand still at the crux. We must move, for " life is motion There are many diverging paths before us even as there have bebn many which have converged to' the 'present' position. Our freedom is a new possession and often abused, sometimes in ignorance,' sometimes by the mistaken idfta ttiat liberty means license and that our emancipation' means the easting oS of-all our most womanly attributes. Apart from the inestimable : loss to-our own character this were a thankless thing to do. Has it not been by the privileges accorded voluntarily to those very Attributes that we have been enabled to grasp apd hold closely the larger affairs of life which have brought us for the first time in the history of the world face to faee with tt^e big questions of humanity ? •'.» » The St. John, of God Hospital Pall will without doubt,, be a great success. • Mrs, Finnerty and Mrs. Fisher have been untiring in their efforts to insure, notalone adelightful evening for thp gurats, but also a big balanoe for a most deserving object. One Of the most pleasing elements about this ball is the whole-hearted way in which jhembers of all denominations arc; interesting themselves, in order to help on -the work of those good women wh$ have vowed their lives to the relief of tne suffering,and: who, have, been brave enough to face the unknown hardship of a strange land. It is a genuine pleasure to see the nurses of other hospitals—not debarred themselves from worldly gaieties—taking an active part r in promoting thiB charily by their presence at the J»ll. This is as it should be. Any woman's work shonld above all be helped by women, encouraged by their sympatny, and helped by their t Sorts. The ministering sisters who have come among us to add further good deeds to the many which are daily done here, command our feapect and co- operation. The siatert, themselves, being wholly devotbd io their Works \- of self-sacrifice, cannot take sny active part in raising the'funds necessaty to the oomfort and restoration of their'sick. It js to the credit of Coolgardie that ifi matters of this kind the public, spirit takes no heed of sect or sex, but' responds a- onoe in a liberal Mhion to the call of any deserving and honorable demand. - The wave of financial depression passing over -the general community 1 is" 1 scarcely felt by the., particular feminine -section. Woman's natural horror of credit in favor of cash transactions-is the principal reason why their businesses are (tfnofcao- speculatively enterprising) more solidly foimded than some more large mascuhne affairs. These• ate 'to» ,often started on overdrafts or. Complex Abstract capital, which, as not tangible to the band's tynch, is instinctively unavailabla to the practical woman mind. This characteristic stands women in good stead daring bard times, and it is worth noting the result here. * * There is not a woman's- business ic Coolgardie 'which is not steadily and success, fully weathering the prevailing depression, and whose business-credit .is not standing as well now as during the height of our com, mercial prosperity. The pleasures of thiB town are in danger of becoming somewhat provincial. Subscription assemblies, cinderellas, cards, teas and . . :. . ^ . whiskeys! Such is the monotonous round as, regular as the varying phases of the tfcoon. The Australian woman has t as yet ; scarcely developed the originality and resource of her American cousin, whose' teas—shedoesn't drink whiskiey —are either 41 pink teas," or •'petunia," whose card-partiestere " progressi v^" and. animated, and whose 'ghost parfcfes are most delightfully chosen of those friends one woujd «o. happily delight to honor, but for their ncevious engagements y- engfigeinentii tfwiich have been careful ly ascertained b£n»e the invitstion cards are Issueid. '':' ' A.' " ' « '.' . ' 4- word tb clo8e. f Jt is quite an an acknbwle^ged fact thatthe«tiiqulation of the shave.- market/ and otiie^ acoompanying .brisk : business, is at a vary low. ebb jast at: pres- ,seht. , Is i,t not >pity to learn that thtoe^ is 9 gi»ye danger of spme memhen*Af our bwn aex applying for stiqialatioa uid refuge from low^pirits (or mehtal stagnation) to that still' more dan^erous. form"of inspiration >hich Jbas been reluctantly .admitted by «oent scLentiststobc the^deepfrrtpltfallfit the feetoi the ^f >igber d^en^fejt^^ - What of tfee degenerates >fh,o are itot^high t 