SPORTING. TB MJEF. Xbe chief feature of the Sbftoimie Cop weights is die crusher put on. Aurum- Wien Xewhaven was asked to carry IB), mote than weight for age, mans sportsmen thought it too much, when he carried it home so gal iautlv everybody recognised in New haven the ibest oolt Ajuastralla ever *"»"* It cannot be doubted that the last Cup was won with 71b. in .hand, ami if nhi* bad been added to the winner's impost, it would have brought it to 8st. 61b. Aomin's weight. iAs Newiraven would , have given; d good account of iiimseif under this last year,* Auruiii*s chance does not look so bad. There is no doubt that i&nrom; is a. more brilliant two-year-old than Xewbaven was, but it does not neces sarily follow that he will be equal to the Spring form of the departed hero. Sst. 62). is a tenable weight to ask a. hree-year-aid to win a. Melbourne Oap with, but Amrnro is a chnij5?y little Sal low well able to handle <a weight, and { he winters well he most be given a chance. Hie jiidos of the liandSwap are Wait-a-Srit and iDeron. TOait a-brt did so well in the Ntewamarfcet end Australian Cups that lie was then con sidered a very fine colt, well up among die -best of them. -In the Meiboiume Cup he teas a etone less than weSght for at which be must leave a g^eat say. Devon, wiiem well, was a most brilliant horse, and let. lUtte. is a weight lie is complete master of. Tri color and "?*!? also strike one at a glance as toeing well in, and Toreador; also looks well at Sst. it is much too early to revlep the handicap -at length, Specnirtkm in donbies on the 3Jowns rille Cup and Town Ptete (says toe Townsville Star,") was very, lively yesterday. !A<t on. eari? hour a rush 'twas made for Hsosdbery-OoraBe, X. [ Bay-DomUbeJl.Bosetoety-X Bay audi I several other coiriblnlatiaias. Nearly all I the llkel- etarters ere coupled. In. .ais half-dozen appear fo be paj>j \--ilIt well treated. With 9st 4R>. i :aliuD cannot tie regarded as hairing' .-en let off lightly, toot lie fcs such a oriiliaor customer that the -weight is iiot likely to stop him If at Iris best. Sosebbel is In at ttst. 9Jb., on Impost lie iviH find too mneii unless lie stones re markable improvement on bis foam here. ;Viie iKosf&ai; Cup field of 43 Was very neatly a record.. In England ihere were 44 starters in a race won by Croagh "Patrick. The GaulAeld Cop field totalled 41 when Grace Darl ing iron, and there -were 42 start ens In a race at Caolfield, iron by Tlie Ghost in 18S4. Hie Add at Bosehlll would (are foeen larger bad not the supply of riders ran short, three or four horses luniiig to t>e 6crat<*hed for the -want of jockeys. Mr Alexander Brown, who raced as "J. Baronet," died at Jtewcastle on Monday. iCremorne, instead of toeing spelled aU Tatoleffcp, will be <kept np and Siren another chance. .Cash as well as credit "wagering is still in full swing on Sydney conr ses. despite all the fines. discing has been held in Sydney every day for the past week, despite tl>e betting difficulties. In the field of 43 at BosehlU. pre caution started at 4 to 1. Consider ing that it is at least these oddR against a hotse gettibg a. decent run in such a field, the price nvas mani festly an absurd one. but the (boots cannot be blamed (or laying tt jf they find punters sufficiently foolish to take it. Precaution, however, got an ex cellent position, and her showing iras not up fo anything like her CaningtoD Stakes form. In winning tbe Jobiiee Stakes at tie Kempton Part (Eng.) Meeting Clwyd cot oat the mile in lmln. 40sec.. wbSch equsls the Australian record for tbat, distance. Writing after Galtee More's Two Thousand Guineas win, an Encash scribe said that the horses he de feated were so dearly deficient in class as to detract tram the merit of tbe i perl'ot munce. and that further proof .wonid »be req nired before pacing the lrisb4ned colt on a pedestal with an Ormonde or an ilslngiiiss. However, as he iron the Derby in a very easy ! fashion. we may expect to see him re- i f erred to in future English files as the . "best colt«[ the centnry." I The "Queensland ^Sportsman* says that -when. George Cooper refused W. j Edso'e offer of 300 guineas for -Archie's j Daughter, the tatter, so the story goes,, replied : "Weil, keep her, and bring her down to Sydney, and m lay yon a levei £300 I'll beat her with Sur vivor and yon can have him (or a couple of hundred." Vermicelli (Gang Fonwartl-Queen of Naples) died recently at TocaL She was the dam of the weJ14aro>wn per formers Glawnvwnn, Tapioca, Sir Arthur, and Wollomunflri, and at tbe time of her death was in (ml to -Medallion. .lit the Gympie two days' meeting on 14th and 15th July £200 will be Siren away. The Mjaiyborouirh Annual two days' programme Is worth £229; horse rac ing in the Wide Bay district has cer tainly gone-off. Toung Fred ladder, of Sydney, leaves for England ehorily. The practice of joadii^ appeals to 3>e on the increase, and nnlese checked by stewards there will be troobfe be fore long. The rider of the leading horse not Car from home, appears to think he can go across 10 meet any thing coming at him, and bustle his rival out of the race. This was fried once successfully, at the late Towers Meetipg, and If Sntprise had. not got home in the Shorts, It Is almost a cer tainty he would tare been awarded I the race for the same cause. ' These' taradiddles about hotses not finishing straight are played oat; it is the riders fbat won't fiqish straight. <Bj- Telegraph.) XOHMLWTOIX. June 29. j Bacdtorses are <*omingr In (or the > *wMwi iwpwij <wlucii take place Jiext | |"we?fe. ? j 