MILLAIS' HEROINES. There is one aspect of tho gonius of the late president of the Eoyal Academy which must prosent itsolf favorably to all women, and that is the amount of it ho devoted to their portrayal. ' Millais' Hero ines' is an ambiguous title, for their namo is legion, and they havo been chosen from many walks in life — from tho pages of history, from great poets and romancists, from nursery folk-lore, and from the ordinary, homely occurrences of everyday existence. With the ex ception of some of his landscapes, there are but few of Sir John's pictures which havo not at least ono woman in them. Tho greater part, and by far the most interesting, are the canvases which reflect tho grace and beauty of fair women and the fresh charm of pretty childron. The history from which these heroines aro chosen is generally British ; tho poets ho has selected for illustration are Shakespearo, Tonuysou, Thomas Moore, and Sir Walter Scott ; his nursery characters aro tho cosmo politan 'Cinderella,' tho essen tially English ' Cherry Jlipe,' and ' Littlo Miss Muil'ct,' and of tho humblo denizens of our workday world thero are ' Buy a Broom,' ' Caller Herin',' 'New Laid Eggs,' and ' Shelling Peas.' Unl'ko many artists, Millais owed very little to the professional model ; he chose his subjects frequently after seeing the sitter, or, in tho case of his own immediate circle, a pose, a gesturo, even tho wraith of an expression or tho ghost of a smile, wore sufficient to suggest possibili ties of somo telling picture. Many of tho master's most enduring works havo for models his wife, his sons, and his daughters, and somo of his own personal friends — a very gallery of portraiture. Lady Millais figures in several of her husband's bost-known canvases, notably in ' Tho Order of Eeleaso,' but in this tho artist choso to en tirely disguiso the face, for it is es sentially a commonplaco type, and not at all liko tho lady who tho next year becamo his wifo. This absence of likeness notwithstand ing, ' The Order of Eeleaso ' is an absolutely sympathic picture — her face is so eloquent of the tidings she brings, whilst his is bowed to | hide tho unmanly tenderness they have evoked ; tho coloring is ex quisite, and tho regard which has been paid to detail in tho wise en scene and in tho dross worthy of all attention. Lady Millais also sat for 'rheWhite Co- dido,' which was exhibited in 18G2, and for a por trait of herself in a brown velvet dress, which wa3 lately shown at the Graf ton Gallery. Sir John was undoubtedly much influenced by his models, sinco ho evinced so much interest in their selection, and so constantly incorporated with his best work that which was nearest and dearest to him. Sir John's four daughters have provided ug with many charming heroines indeed, if ono may judgo by tho number of works which bear the impress either individually or collectively of their features they must havo been almost continuously laid under contribution Tho artist's eldest daughter, Mrs. James, who, it is interesting to note is tho mothor of ' Bubbles,' is the dainty maiden who presides over ' Kew Laid Eggs.' The same lady also sat through ' Her First Ser mon.' For those twiu studies, 'Sleeping' and 'Waking,' the second daughter, Mrs. Stuart Wortley, and her sister, Miss Mary Holmau Hunt Millais, wero tho models, the former also standing for that delightful monochrone, 'The Grey Lady,' tho title for which was suggested by Mrs. Peru jini. Tho background of the pic ture was originally intended for '? Tho Princes in the Tower,' and Sir John painted it from tho stair case at St. Mary's Tower, Biruam, for several years his homo in the autumn holiday. On returning qo London, and comparing it with the staircase in tho Tower, the artist found it to bo reverso in position, and ho therefore sot about prepar a different canvas for the 'Princes,' putting the first ono away for future uso. Tho air of mystery which surrounded this prompted him to paint somo other subject foi1 thfl fnvfi-m'fiiiiifl. find tlin 'firnv Lady ' evolved herself out of these shadowy surroundings. Miss Sophie Millais, now Mrs. MacEwen, Sir John's youngest daughter, is tho ' Princess Elizabeth in St. James's Palace,' and Mrs. James tho charming dancer in ' The Minuet.' Three daughters sat for 'Tho Sisters,' and ono of them for ' Forbidden Fruit.' There are few homes, either hero or in ' Greater Britain,' where Millais' 'Cinderella' is not a familiar household treasure; and it is interesting to learn from the pretty woman whose face has been thus immortalised something of her career aa a model artist. 'Cin- derella' is to-day Mrs. Walter Warren, the wifo of a gentleman who is scenically connected with tho stage, and tho daughter of Buckstono tho actor. Ono of Millais' daughters, chancing to go to the St. James' Theatre, where tho Kondals were playing ' Good Fortune,' was particularly struck with Miss Buckstono's appearance in the role of tho littlo Welsh girl, and told her father ho must go, if only to seo this very charming face. Sir John went, and -was so capti vated by it that ho wrote at once to Mrs. Buckstono, and begged her to allow hor daughter to sit to him for a, picture. ' For fivo weeks tho littlo lady went daily to tho studio in Palace Gato, donning Cinderella's rod cap and gown ; and of these sittings Mrs. Warren records many pleasant memories, based on tho artist's uniform kindness and considera tion to her. Ho wag alway con sidoratoly anxious that sho should not sit too long to tiro herself, and that after her journey from Nor wood she should havo lunch, and a good firo to warm hor bare feet at. One day in tho diningroom, while thus occupied, Lord Beaconsfield camo into the room, and after talking for somo minutes to Sir John, he came across to where sho was sitting, and patting her on tho shoulders, asked her what she had done with her pretty red cap for tho moment discarded, f'What struck mo most about tho great man,' bIio says, naively, 'was the fact of his extremo ugliness, and the very dirty gloves he wore. Of course, I did not know until Sir John told mo who ho was. — Laura Smith in tho Lady's Realm, 