THOMAS JARVIS INTER VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our re presentative made his way to the humble borne, of Mr. Thomas ? Jarvis. -t5 Crown iano, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing \- two year old baby, and bis .face dec lared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and ible to answer the knock ai the door. Although pale and bearing still themarks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid an the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: ' You want to know all about my Base. Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering?' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I bad to leave off work, and [ have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident -, I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt- street, Syd D9y. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebo Island.' ' - ' What were (be symptoms ?' 'Simply inde cnbable. Tbe pains were just about as much as I could bear. ; They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 28rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable. Institutions. ' Did you make U3c of the order ? ' ' No ; I came home and went to bed, ind have been pretty well in bed ever 3ince. FivG weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not get ant of bed. I. felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of lays when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did ill he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He jame to tho conclusion that I was suffer ing from Locomotor ataxia, or Progres 3ive locornotor ataxy, a disease of the 3pinal cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told mo that I might last for ton years, and that I might never get the use of my legs, (Jnst then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that niedical opinion is is not infallibla.) Well, just as » drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the ad vertisement aoscnomg mo cure enectea. in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the ' Austra lian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I road in the jdvertisemont of a case which seemed to St my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for i box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was ablo to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. 1 immediately left tho bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tho past four weeks, and am now takiug tho fifth box. I can walk about with tbo aid of a stick, and am gradually, but sure'y, recovering my fDrmer vigor and* vitality. You see those crutches there ? They aro perfectly new, and I have never used them. Thoy were made for me before I got tho Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, .and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sen I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' Ho is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tbo baby on her knees. ' The Pink Pills havo saved his life, and made an other man of him.' A friend who called at this point said that Jarvis looked ten yoars younger that day than he did a fortnight pre viously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back to my logs. If I keep on going tho way I am I hope to be ablo to resume work as a boiler-maker and you know I have to be in tho very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I aai bettor to-day than I have been at any time during the last fivo yoars. I ascribe all this chango and benefit to these Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. I am in' no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On tho mantelpiece thore is a box of opium and morphia pillB which tho doctor gavo mo to deaden tho ex cruciating pain. But thoy can stay where tboy are for I no longer need thorn Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their oyes. My being about again baa caused quito a sensation out bore.' Such is' this ivinai'kable history, anil it eonfirms what is ?ai(i in all the chief newspapers of tbit- rmintry of th»j aston ishing cures wrouelit by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, nlso tho many disorders which arise from an impoverished slate of tho blood, ant;!) as aua-mia,, yule and 3allow complexion, irunoral rnnsenlar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, 3hortness of breath, pains in the baok, Qorvous headaehi', t'iv. 