CHAPTER X. Watson gave Hoydara])id account of their irhvutures, which excited the sailor's ;'iira»*ity to a wonderful degree. '• Women," t»aid he, " nothing l>ut women. What ii jwr.iiliso for Mahomet." '* V«'8, women, nothing but women ; but everyone oi them a quccu. Jly Jove/' «aid Smythe, '*1 nhoiilil as toon asd* Queen Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them lor i kihs. ' " Perhaps you would Jiml thfiu only tvoiiinn al'ti.r all, ' said Murray. '* You can t airily pmdi nature out with a folk. Ask W'ai«un." Wat*>on actually blushed. " Yuu fellows ioryet." he Raid, "that m*c nave other things to think about than (he :hailUH of woiuendom. Liideu, I'uyd. We may expect in three day* at th*.* nio**l a visit from some twenty vessels like that we ntmicrcd so vigorously. 1 tell vou the men have never lmd occasion to cultivate war, md therefore the science \vju> ix^Ivctcd, but they have made such jtro^rot-F in the natural icicnvcH that 1 am afraid lliey iiave rcherw. powcra which will give us trouble. Just fancy the refouicep of men who couhl put together such an c«; ifice ah that, who have made the air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires ot the earth to pro* mote vegetable and Aiiinin] growth, who have made electricity and ningiKtitjm agents in the home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous—bo marvellous that our bonstcd eeicntific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If they hud had to devote their knowledge to war our little Aurora would uot have had a ghost of a show in the Encounter." "Lookiugat it from that point of view there is something to be considered," said Boyd. " If there was nothing to be con sidered but the warlike capability of the trireme I should uot trouble my head, but as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that wo mount one of the heavy guos on that point. We can easily haul it up. It will givo us soiue pro teetion if we find ourselves forced to fall back and defend the entrance. The en trance is narrow, thank heaven 1 and out torpedoes will be useful. What a liap])} thought it was to bring them." "Wemay thank you for the thought,' said Murray, "Yes. But I had quite another idea in my head. I thought we might try tho efl'ects of one of them on on iceberg. By George 1 it would have brought some of those big fellows down with a rare burley. Hurley-bnrley." •' Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis tine," eaid Murray. *' Bother Shakespeare Just now. Another thing wo must do is to keep our dynamos ihvnys at work, or at least as often ns possible. For this reason I shall up sail to oiorivw morning for a cruise. I noticed the sun dipped right beneath the horizon yester jay, so wo shall be able soon to make out a leccnt day and night. I wonder if this sea ir any part of it is open during the long A'inter. It would never do for us to be :aught napping, and a good look-out must 3c kept. I should say some of the women ■votild not object to that duty. At any rate *e must be pretty constantly on the move. If we have plenty of room to manoeuvre I •vouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your riiemes." " Your Catlings and Maxims are in work* ug order, I suppose t" " That the vicious beggar* are. The men r>r«-ard think there is something in the A ind, and they have been overhauling *11 ;hc arms And ammunition. Gad I they are ihc the war horse and sniff the battle from ifur." V Do you think they will stand by us ?'' '• Like true blue Britons. They are all ■ igoc about the shore. Your dingey men nunc a highly-spiced report, and the whole ;rcw is iu a state of long drawn expectation." "Should we speak to them ana let them enow bow things stand 1 They have a right Co know, for we have got them into uiis :orncr, and, by Jove, they are in the antyie box as Ourselves." '' It might be as well. At any rate a few wordB can do no barm. I'll call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him." Tom came in shortly after and made his usual salute to the gentlemen at the table. Ibis was not an elaborate affair, as it con sisted of plucking an imaginary forelock with the dexter finger and thumb. Tom was a character in hiB way. He w&a; a typical sailor, one of that olass we rarely see now-a davs. Steam has ruined the old Drofession. There is do romancc in a tea kettle or in on iron not on the boil. "Well, skipper," growled Tom, for hit voioe was as the subdued roar of a coming storm, " what do you want with me?" "Perhaps, skipper,"^aid Smythe, point ing to the table, " Tom would like to splice the main brace before barneying." " Right you arc, Mr Smith," said Tom, as he poured out a joram from a decanter, " a nip in weather like this never comes amiss." "And in what weather does it, Tom?' Smythe aaked with a gleam of fun in liii eye< " Don't know, sir. Never found it bilge iii my life." "IJistcb, Tom;" said Boyd. : " Sfom weather eye is opt 11, and you know a> well as w& do. ttlAt we nro in a corner." J " As nasty a jiole as any one would want. Right you are, ek ipper." "" We want to "know from you if the men will stick to us if it comes to downright fightiue—not ft scrimmage, but tooth and oail, ding-dong battle." Tom turned tliu quid from one cheek tc the other with the greatest deliberation ir the world and e&id;— " Would cats aup milk tie winked gravely at the Gkim»er and made to the door ainia general laugnter, the captain calling out to lnm to scud the men ftfti In a few minutes eoinc thirty young felloe b in the perfection of age and strength were mustered on the main deck with the two matc«r Messrs Abel and Welch, at their bead. There was a jaunty look about most of them that showed they wefe perfectly well aware what was the character of the community to which they were such near neighbours. The men were dressed in a uniform very'similar to that of the lioyfcl Navy in pattern, but of course the nmUtrial was juucJj Manner anil more fcubstnntiul. The uniform, however, displayed oil the strength and agility of as tine a ship's cruv as ever nailed the sea. Boyd spoke to the men in a quiet, conver sational manner. "ifoys, he said, * we uaveut seen the end of the Bcrimmagc with that craft yet. It eeems there are plenty jjjoio of the same «ort where it came from, and we Are ill for a good rough and tumble light." •• Hurrah," shouted an enthusiast. *' Hurrah he it," said Boyd; " but M e may ^et some nasty jabs ourselves. Will you 1 '• urrali1 for them V1 " Well, they mayn't be quite so pleasant, Dut we hope we can take as well as give. If you want to know it, skipper, we'll tell you it ouce we*11 fight. U e have been well sreated on board this craft, and sailor men Know what that means." "There is another thing 1 want to say," iaid Boyd. " You know what sort of joinpany we have up yonder. What I want you to do la to treat those ladies with rNpeot. You were selected as men of charac tcr and respectability, ami I want you to 1 retain your reputation to the end." You are n^ht there, skipper," b;tid the jpoicesman, a line atraj»jnn^ young I'ellow of the "gmiiHUckcr" pei-ftuaston, and more than bix feet high. 44 You are right there, shipper. We'll he on our good brhaviour, but of course if there are good things going ! the foc'slc should have a hhare ;iu well a* tlm cuddy." There wa« a general laugh at this, J m which the 14 cuddy " joined. I Watson, however, interposed mid said— ' "All we want, men, is this : that you art with theec women ur il they wi iv lvpiviabh women in Melbourne or Sv.lney, proU*«.i.d 1 by British laws. Jn fact- they 'are and «iJI be protected by Hritith law, but 1 xhould i like to nee thein even more ctleetively ' protected by British chivalry." " That*& the sort, Mr Watson," mid nunc of the men. 44 Leave it tu u« and you will malic no mistake." j 'J'hc ykipper then atkeri a minute of theij attention. *'Weorofio completely i.'.olated that the relations of ollieors ;um1 uua> are mud modiJied, and so 1 J take yon into my confidence a> to what I mean to do. l-'irsl "fail Mv Ahol will t:vUt* a hnrU'a evew aud sound caivhiliy up to the j-ur. If I here if water enough icr us to lir nloii^t-iile our work will he. mueli lor 1 v. ,m\ to £t*t a gur to that jioiiil.. 'I he liot part of our li^htin^ iim.st )>c- in tli«' o|k ii wlure we'll havt vo«>m to turn, !>»t >\t. nu)>ol linoA >vJ)at i»a> occur, and we tnuj-t he nady for evcrj accident. Ai'ovi- all the entrance mutt 1h defended tm the InH, Now, U:yB, you h»v« cv<iy tiling in a nUaluli, and jubi reinembn lhal you «uv lighting, not only lor your owl ; live*, lmt lur ihe linept ami lovoliobt womer in the whole world. Mr A he J, will you take the hoat and try t),e of the watci iliead r 44 Aye, aye, eir." And an Mr Ahel uns, like all (he rest on Ojiir.!, in o stale ol' Mij'jnvs«cd evitemeid the hoat 6uon hjiol out hum Aurora'a «|Unrtci Jii her mission. The water was found to hu of ciioviuoue dcf'tli all over (he little harbour. In fact it waa evident that tlx- buy \v;* 1 he dcq) crater of mi <mtiiu;t voltMiio. 11)0 in-'ii on board were in tim iih imtjiiiu un l>uny as bete repairing and tthiilmg nutl folibhing. The gentlemen ftft tin ihUIvch examined tlie umoury which tht-v had laid in furl-heir «wn private «so, and that important duty was ihuosl finihiicil v. hen (lie "vainly ' the men nnji when beiivur: 1 lie anchor was heard— 4 \Vliu«kcy for my Johnny." The Aurora was warped to the pier without innch trouble. There was a crowd »f women at the pier-head, but they ifgarded .lie proceeding* with calm interest. The gun, ai old-fashioned twelve-pounder, was swung ip to the pier, aud after an hour's hard work it was got into position on the promontory. Everything was done uitli a will, and no one could object to the natural vanity of the men, who did their very best before the fair and interesting spectators, The whole proceedings were watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. They knew absolutely nothing of the reason for all the exertion, but they did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. By-and-by Lucia, Claudia, and Lesbia joined the group of spectators, and the attraction proved too great for our friends, who At once appfpaclied. limy had not ever ooiuidered the reason for the t-eBjiect paid tc these ladies bv their coninanwmA lmf if woe evident and sincere. Watson asked the ladies to go with him tc the one*gun battery, saying lie M ould cxnlaiu to them what had been done. And. bc with many significant grins from the tars and a few smiles from the ladies whe remained, the balf-dozeji youug people paired off in the most natural way imaginable and strolled along by the shows of the unknown sea and over the lava boulders of forgotten time. Murray, or rather floraco, was right. You can't drive nature out with a fork. 'Jin whole thing looked as natural there as i1 would at a garden party in St. John's Wood or at an "At Home ' in South YaiTa 01 Toorak. Perhaps we shall hoar hereaftei what they talked about. Just now it woulc be unfair to interrupt 