THE LIGHT THAT ? :'CAST NO SHADOW. Curious ctorica nxo told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who hvo up among tho Himalaya mountains. Those old men, it is said, havo davoted scores of years to tho study of natural lawa and forces, which tho rest of tho world knows nothing about. Lately a Gernmu professor visited tho '?adepts,' as those queer Hindus are called for the purpose of find ing out the secret of their remark able performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. Ono day the pr.of oasor wan tod to oxamino Home anoieut Sanskrit nmuuscripta. An adopt wont with him to a cave ?wWflin tho books were lcopt. The place was dark as tho bottom of a veil. ' I can't see to read, hero,' Baid tho visitor, ' Thon wo -\yill havo some light,' 'was the reply, and immediately ( tho professor saya) a soft, pearly light brightened the cavo. Ho could not toll whence it came, but ho noticod that it had ono Btrango quality — it cad not tho slightest shadow* Thio a story hard to believe, yet its truth is aiilrmod by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt oxcept that all tho lights you havo seon havo cast shadows. Belief or unbelief com monly runs parallel with one's own , experienco. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of tho Liabon earth quake, yet oreditoi the talo of tho JOock Lauo ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical 'when friends toll him of a medicine ?which they beliovo will make well, 'What elso but doubt could result from hia experienco ? Take ' au example : — ' In tho apruiR of 1888,' writoB our correspondent, ' I foil into a low, weak, and languid state, I felt low«spirited and out of sorts. At first my otoimich wac deranged, my appetite poor, aud after eating I had pain aud weight at tho cheat, Iwaa much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great deprOB eion of spirits, I kept up with my ,work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two yoara, nothing that I took relieving mo, At last I heard of Mother Seigol'a Syrup, ? and procured a supply After I had taken only a few doses I found relief 5 my food' digested, and grad ually all nervousness left mo. Al though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine never having used it or Been it used I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother . Seigel'a Curative Syrup, I have '? been in tho best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. ' Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham,' June 8th, 18,?3lM ' ^here is ii deal of difference be tween Mr. Griffiths' candid letter aijd tho story about the .light that cftat no shadow, The latter may be. tiiro. enough, but it cannot bo verti fiqd, without moro trouble than it is worth, ' .. On tho other hand wo have a trustworthy witneua, who will answer letter* of inquiry, and can be found at his addrpsa, Finally, there ia nothing mystio or jnagical.. about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that moat ailments are but oymptoms, forms, or phasos of that universal disease— indigestion and dyBpopsia ; it ourea that and throws tho light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where ill ness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people bolievo all that is told of its success by eager witnesses, Industry is tho peg on which Plenty hang a her hat. Genius may- bo swift, but pereo Terance has tho surest feet. When a man achieves marked eucceos in anything, all hia intimate acquaintances wondered how in tho ?world ho did it. To live ia to havo justice, truth, reason, devotion, probity, sincerity, common sense, right and duty wed ded into tho heart. A grandson of Southey, the Poet Laureate, Mr. Charles Harold Southey, is an instance of literary . ability descending in families. Mr. Southey is a traveller and writer 