'FORGIVE OUR TRESPASSES.' When Squire Duke and Deacon Drabbitt first settled among the pioneers of GoodBoil town ship, they disputed over the line fence which divided their farms. This dispute was referred to two neighbours and a surveyor. Duke gave the arbitra tors a good dinner and choice tobacco to smoke, and joked and exchanged yarns with them in a hearty way. Drabbitt always afterwards alleged that Duke ' influenced the decision ' and obtained thirteen inches wide more than his rightful Bhare of the land. Duke resented thiB as an envious ' kick ' against a righteous judgment. There was endless trouble over that line fence, with frequent warnings against trespass and quarrels about repair. So Duke and Drabbitt were not on speaking terms. The township became thickly settled. The two men reached middle age and moderate wealth. Each in his different way and character was esteemed. Duke was popular ; he was elected and re-elected justice of the peace. Drabbitt was made deacon of his church. Duke lived in the village which had grown up a mile away. Both kept their old farms. Squire Duke, not having a bou of hia own old enough, employed his nephew, Tom Telover, aged seventeen as clerk, chore-boy, messenger, law student and general utility man. On Saturday the squire gave Tom a holiday to go hunting after a fox which had long preyed upon the farm poultry. This fox was known to harbor in the thiek woods through which the boundary fence ran between thojDuke and Drabbitt farms. Doubtless tne fox had often owed his life to the hostility between the Dukes and Drabbits ; for the cunning robber had learned when he waa hunted in the Duke woods to slip through the fence into the Drabbitt woods, where'no Duke would dare follow him under penalty of prosecution for trespass. If hunted in the Drabbitt woods, he slipped through to the Duke side, where he waB safe for like rea sons, as both sides never hunted on the Bame day. Tom had learned that Sam Drabbitt— a boy ot about his own age— was Mine to hunt thin fmr nn Saturday afternoon. Said Tom to himself, ' I will let Sam start the fox through the fence. There I will lie in wait, and kill it right under Sam Drab bit's nose. So I'll destroy a hated pest, triumph over the Drabbitts, and secure a valuable pelt and township bounty at once.' Squire Duke approved of this plan, but admon ished Tom before starting: 'Thesneakin vermin has cost me twenty times the worth of his hide, and Drabbit fully as much. I could have shot him myself a dozen times if the deacon wasn't so savage toward ma that I can't cross the line fence. Now you remember not to cross that fence, nor shoot anything on Drabbitt's side, not. even if the fox stands there and grinB at yon. That obstinate old fanatic would sue us for trespass if we should do him a favour. If you should see any of the family don't meddle with 'em— best way is to let 'em alone.' Reaching the woods early, Tom established himself in ambuah, and sat patiently a long time. Then he heard a faint sound made by Sam Drabbitt stumbling as he crept through the woods ; and now and then a Blight rustling as Sam pushed through a thicket. These furtive aignals reached Tom at intervals, until Sam had gone nearly through the woods on his side, and Tom had about concluded that the fox would not appear. Suddenly the sly creature slipped through the fence, hardly twenty-five yards distant. Having passed a few yards beyond the line, it paused to listen, with its head turned to one side. Then, with a careless air of conscious security, it scratched its head with one hind paw. Tom's rifle had been cocked long before. He silently raised it, took careful aim, fired, and -sent the fox to grass in a heap, with a ball through its brairi. Hearing the crack of the rifle, Sam Drabbitt ran through'the woods to see if any of the Duke people had croased, or shot acroBB, the line fence. Tom hid behind a thicket, peeping through to Bee what Sam would do. Arriving near the fence Sam came on more cautiously, looking sharply about. Seeing no one, hearing no one, he walked up to the fence, and peered through it. After a while he climbed upon it, and looked keenly all through the woods. Presently he saw the body of the fox. He looked at it longingly, put one leg over the top rail, as if to climb over, drew back and looked about once more ; got down on his own side and walked back and forth several rode, peering through. Seeing nobody, hearing nobody, he seemed to suspect a ruse, and sat down behind a tree to watch for the person who had Bhot the fox. Tom still kept hidden. After a lona time Sam'B curiosity overcame hiB discretion. He approached the fence again? carefully reconnoitering, climbed it-j looked all over the woods, got down a little way on the Duke side, paused, got clear down, looked, stealthily ventured toward the fox, glancing uneasily on all sides, and finally Btood'over tho .body. He thought of carrying off the prize, and did lift it, but dropped it and fled a few steps when a little breeze shook the tree tops. There he stood, half minded to go bnck to the fox. half-turned to flee, when Tom Btepped out and called in tbe most tragic voice he could invent : ' Trespass ! Got you now 1' In an instant Sam was back at the fence, scram bling_ frantically, when his gun, which he was carrying in one hand, hit against a lower rail and exploded. He shrieked shrilly, clung balanced on the upper rail a moment, then pitched headlong to the ground on bis own side. It was Tom's turn to he scared. He ran to the fence, peered 'through and saw Sam lying in a huddled heap, with hisBhoult^erandtemple bleeding through clothing and hair. Tom promptly climbed over, eager to do what he could. He ran to a rivulet near by and returned with his felt hat full of water. Using-his handkerchief for a sponge, he saw that the hurt in Sam's head seemed but a shallow scalp furrow, which\ had stunned him.- The boll had passed through the Bhoulder from the arm-pit upward, but so far forward that Tom judged it had merely chipped the bone j though he did not venture to remove Sam's clothing, Beeing the bleed ing there was not copious. The question now was, how to get^.Sam home ; whether to run to the deacon's house for assistance, or stay and try to revive him first. While he debated with himself, Sam's breathing became easier. He groaned, stared from senseless vacancy to dull recognition and tried to ait up, but sank back weakly, and nearly knocked Tom over by saying with faint hoarseness, ' You shot me !' Tom shrank, too much appalled to answer. Sam glared at him dully, with a scowl, and added, i 'What for?'. ' I It rushed upon Tom that this might be serious. Of course Sam was dazed. He had been running, Beared by Tom, when he was shot. Probably he did not realize how it was (done, but connected it with Tom. Suppose Sam should persist in this accusation, might it not be believed ? Tom did not reply. He busied himself, bathing and bandaging, while Sam's gaze followed every motion like the glare of a shot wolf. Hiving bandaged the wounds as well as ha could with their two handkerchiefs and his own necktie, Tom doubted if it would bo safe to leave Sam and go for help. His hesitation was interrupted by a soft rustling. Sam's sister was coming through the woods. Tow ran to meet her. Tryphoaa Drabbitt was a lank, homely farm girl of fifteen years ; but she was greatly admired by Tom, because she was what country-folk call '* capable.' She was one of the brightest pupils of the' district sohool, and was reputed to be tho best cook and housekeeper among the younger girls of tho township. She was cool, level- headed, and a trifle masterful. ' Why, Tom Telover ! I never expected to meet you here! tVell, what is it?' noticing Tom's agitation. 'Sam's shot himself — but 'taint dangerous, I recnon. tut bis gun against a rail, climbing the fence. He s sort of dazy yet— thinks I shot him. I re helped him tho best I could, and was just wondering what to* do next — don't dare to leave him and £0 for help, and don't dare to Btay here with him alone. Now don't you be scared— it isn't: - going to be re ry bad, I reckon.' m Why, the girl bad controlled herself at,the first shock, and now she was as coolly resolute as a troined nurae, ready to use all her intelligence to the best purpose. After carefully examining Sam and arranging the bandages more effectively, mean while listening to Tom's account of how the accident occurred, she ordered : ' Now yow run and call pa— he's at work in the barn. Have ma come, too. Tell pa to bring a horse-blanket and Bponge, and the tall rocking chair to carry him in. Tell ma to bring the camphor- kottle, two big towels and a tin cup Send Johnny on horseback for Doctor Blumas. Say they needn't worry or hurry to miss doing things right — it isn't going to be dangerouB, I hope, and Sam will do better lying Btill hero till ho has time to brace up some more and get his senses clear. Now can you remember all that ? Better go, then I' ' What did Tom shoot me for?' grumbled Sam, as Tom started running. ' Never mind now. Lie still till your head stops aching.' When Sam waB quiet, she climbed the fence, looked at the dead fox, went to the tbioket where Tom had hidden, examined the marks on the fence, inspected the hole in Sam's clothing, and carefully looked over the whole scene. Tom arrived at the barn breathless. Deacon Drabbitt stared at him, surprised, then asked, sternly: 'Well, what d'ye want here ?' Tom panted, trying to catch hi? breath. ' What are you here for ? Speak I' ' Sam'a shot — down by the — line fence— Trv- phosa'a with him !' The deacon groaned and looked so distressed that Tom recoiled and gasped, ' He isn't— killed— 'tiBn't so yery— bad. TryphoBa says— dsn't worry.' 'Who shot him t ' asked the deacon, fiercely clutching Tom. ' Squire Duke wouldn't do that - no, no — bnt some of his people might. Who did it, hey ?' ' He shot himself. 'Twas an accident. He was climbing over tho line fence ; his gua hit on a rail and went off.' Tom was so evidently embarrassed that the deacon glared at him auspiciously. But whatever were his thoughts, he subdued himself to a grim self-control, and let go of Tom's wrist. ' Tryphosa saya have Mrs. Drabbitt come, too. Here, you,' as an urchin appeared'in the doorway, ' jump on this horse and ride for Doctor Blumas. Tryphoaa said bo.' While speaking, Tom backed a horse out of its stall and bridled it. ' Tell the doctor Sam'a shot ; he must come quick. Here, take this whip. On you go!' — lifting the boy to the horse's back. ' Off you go !' running out to open ths gate. Deacon Drabbitt Btrode into tho house, where the wild cry of a woman denoted that he had told his wife. But thoy were a strong couple, and quickly subdued thoir feelings so as to undertake intelligently the duty before them. ' Tryphosa says take your time, Mrs. Drabbitt, and not worry. Brace up. Tryphoaa says 'feisn'c dangerous, she thinkB. Tin cup, two towela, camphor- bottle, blanket, tall rocking-chair — that's all. Come on. I'll carry the chair, deacon, Try phosa Baid you were to bring it, but I don't see what differense it makes who carries it.' It did make a difference. Relieved of the chair, 'the deacon, helped his wife. In spite of her stern self-repreBsion — perhaps because of it — lier eyes word blinded' by ? silent tears; she stumbled' and would have fallen had not the deacon caught her. He bent and kissed her tenderly, saying : ' Keep heart, mother ; Tryphoaa says our boy isn't dangerously hurt.' -' This bit of conjugal tenderness before a witness was so contrary to cold country propriety, and to the deacon's reputed severity, that Tom was, or felt that he ought to be, shocked. They found Sam considerably revived. But his wits were Btill ghost-dancing. While his parents were cutting the clothing from his shoulder, he kept his gaze fixed dully upon Tom, as if puzzling. Presently ho asked : ' Say, Tom Telover what did you shoot me for ? I hadn't touched you.' The deacon leaped up and grabbed Tom by the collar, his face cruel with revenge. Tryphoaa promptly but coolly interposed. ' Stop, pa I Tom didn't. Sam'a dizzy yet.' The deacon pauaed, still holding Tom's collar with a Btrong grip. ' Sam shot himself ; his gun knocked against tho fence when he waB climbing over, and went off,' said the girl, calmly. ' That'B what Tom told you, and you believe him before your own brother,' said Mrs. Drabbitt. ' If Sam's dizzy, so much the more he's to be believed ; dizzy folks can't make up a story,' The deacon turned savagely upon Tom, but Tryphoaa interfered again. ' Wait, pa ! This isn't any time to Toe haBty. Now listen and look; Sam is shot through hiB shoulder up. See, the muzzle of the rifle was right here, under hiB arm-pit, where the cloth was scorched nnd black with powder. The ball went up and plowed alongside of bia head. Well now, how could Tom, or anybody, shoot him that way ? You couldn't possibly fix 'em so Tom could do it. 'Twas this way.' [She related clearly how it happened.] 'There's the fox; Tom was there; here's the mark on. the fenco where the gunlock hit. Look the tracks all over for yourself, pa. I did.' The deacon did so, very carefnlly. ' I havn't climbed this fonoe before in twenty six years to step on Squire Duke's land,' he said, after a little while; 'but tho squire certainly wouldn't object if he waa here now. It lookB aa though Tom is right, mother. But we'll wait until we can hear Sam'a account, after his head eets clear ; then we'll know all about it. Come, let's get him home. Young man,' — to Tom,—' if you'll help me carry my boy. I'll be much obliged.' Tom had picked up hia gun and was climbing the fence to go when Tryphoaa stopped him. Hia curiosity, his pity, his admiration fo'r Tryphosa, all urged him to stay. Thus formally invited, he yielded. Sam was placed comfortably in tho chair, and so the deacon and Tom bore him home. It was forty-eight hours later before Sam under the dootor'scare, was able to furnish a clear account of hia hurt. Ho confirmed Tom's Btory in every particular. Squire Duke and Mrs. Duke wore present.. They had called aB soon aB tliey beard of the accident. Thoir first reception waa repellent. But they were bound to parsist while Tom was under suspicion. Squire Duke- was genial ; Mrs. Duke was one of the most tactful women of the village. They good naturedly compelled toleration, at 'least. When Sam had finished his statement the deacon ?aid to Tom with cold formality : ' It was aB you said, I havo no doubt.' Ho slowly offered hia hand. Tom eagerly took it, and then offered to shake hands with Mrs. Drabbitt. But she drew back. 'I can't. I bear no malice, but if you hadn't scared my boy he wouldn't have got ahot.' 'Come, tna; that iBn't fair,' said Tryphosa. 'If Sam hadn't been doing wrong ho wouldn't have been scared.' _ ' Doing wrong ? Much wrong it was for a Drab bitt boy to barely step on Squire Duke's wild land, and get shot for it !' The squire and deacon frowned at each other at this outourat, and shut their lips tightly, neither knowing what it might ba well to say. Sam looked worried. ' 'Twasn'fc Tom's fault, ma,' he said, feebly. Mrs. Duke smiled upou Sam and gavo him a tiny taste of cool, delioious peach marmalade, whila Mrs. Drabbitt eject her jealously. 'Don't you fret, dear,' said MrB. Dnke ; 'it's jnet yonr mother's love for you that spoke. We'll all be all right when yon get well. Now try and go to sleep. Shoo ! everybody ! Get ont of this bedroom ! We muan't worry bhe poor boy any note, eh, doctor ?' J'Ff,1''!. Mra. Duke ; drive 'em all out. 1 1 want the boy to sleep.' 'You, too, Mrs. Drabbitt,' said Mrs. Duke, putting an arm coaxingly abont the sullen mother, wu ^am io aae y°u tako it to heart so.' When they were all out she said : 'Neither of the boys was to blame. It's our fault— wo old ^fi°?il.e' 170 tt'We a foolish old grudge all these years this wouldn't have happened. So 'u-Tj mSs o£ parents aro visited 'upon the children. Come ! let us end it right here. Never mind who was right, or who was wrong, at first ; let bygones bo bygones, and never mention the old amereiice again. How can anyone '-?( us pray, forgive our trespasses,' unleaa 'wefoigive those who trespass against us ?' ' Tfaoy did end it. No ono ever again heard a word about the old feud. Tho two families never became sympathetic— thoy could hardly do that, , so unli-a were their characters and habits. But they became, in time, tolerably good neighbours. Sam recovered with hardly a scar. Ho ond Tom hunt together now, thoy are inseparable ; and if anybody wantB to know what Tryphosa says, ask 