POLITICAL PELLETS- The lulling for Toodyay takes place to morrow (Wednesday). J. W. Lauesford bas retired in favor of Frank Backhouse, for Sussex. " Ted 1 ' Harney wires that he is making satisfactory headway at Espcrance. Mr. Morgans speaks at Londonderry tonight, and iutends to visit all the centres in the district. Kalgoorlie has a good chance of being represented by a labor member, and quite right, too, for it is a labor constituency. There was a tumor around yesterday that Conolly might retire from the Dundas straggle. It so, oratoriHarney would have a certainty. " Srniler" Hales now regrets he did not stand for D'indas, where he reckons his gleaming countenance would have got him into I'arliamong unopposed. It is understood tliat Mr. Morgans 6upporters will take blue-and- white as their colors. Already one lady bas made a number of blue aud white rosettes, and presented them to the committee. Archie Barclay is said to be improving rapidly as an orator. Harney will have to look to his laurels, and Demosthenes' ghost will declaim in shadowy space against the Athenian's imminent oblivion. The Minister for Lands (Mr. Throssel) stated at a public meeting in Northam that " the Asiatics must go," and that Sir John Forrest would, during the coming session, introduce a measure which would satisfy the Anti-Asiatic League. It takes our three-penny contemporary a long time to make up its mind ft waited to hear Mr. Morgans' address before support ing him, and it was exactly a fortnight after tbe candidate spoke that it dccided to go nap on him. Now, what was it waiting for J There is a 6oft seat sticking out at Albany. George Leake is very shickery, and they say thai Tom Yyner could simply have beaten the leader of the alleged Opposition by two taps. Eh pa/aunt, has anyone noticed Le&te;'s singular vocal resemblance to Cecil Ward, of the B. aud U Comedy Co ? Nasal declamation it might be callcd. Mayor Parsons' Kalgoorlie committee have decided that he shall open his campaign for tlie Fossil Museum at. Coolgardie shortly. What greater admission could we g< t that Coolgardie is and always will be the capital of the fields ' Probably it never struck the Mikado of the Kalgoorlie Miner in that light, or he would have ordered Parsons to begin in tlie dust-bin. The duty of all was to try to assist one another in the industries in which they were engaged. They must all pull together, and so regulate the various interests of all classes of people living in the colony, so that all of tliem would eventually benefit. They desired that the mining industry should be cncouragcd, but ou the other hand he could not Velieve that it was to tbe interests of the miner that lie should appear to flourish, and that every other industry shonld languish. He desired that all producers should be stimulated aud encouraged."—St John. The Premier remarked at Geraldton— He desired them to understand that he was not an- office-seeker, and though a poor man was not altogether dependent on the small salary attached lo his position. In many ways he often thought it would be better for him, for the sake of his health, to hand over the officc, but he did not intend to give up the reins. When tbe forces wore marshalled face to face and the bugle sounded the battle cry then he would die before he gave in. He would take the vcrdict of the country." The Bulletin bardlets must back down. Norseman's political troubadour can walk all over their panting chests :— Harney's full of blarney, Austin's full of cheek, Conolly came to light 'em, And made them chew the leek. Austin is a Shropshireman, llarney is a Celt. Conolly came and licked them both, And collared the bally belt." About a dozen expectant persons attended yesterday lo hear the Coolgardie nominanations read out. After waiting while Warden Finnerty counted the notes, bit the sovereigns to test their genuineness, and generally took care that nothing cronk was rung in on him, he quietly -remarked that HaleB'iind Morgans had been duly nominated, and there would be a ballot on May 4. Then the excited spectators meandered out to look for a man who had two shillings. " Smilcr " was there, bnt he said nothing. Candidates are supposed to be careful, for whatever they say may be taken down aud used in evidence against tliem. W. G. Brookman arrived in Kalgoorlie the other day, and the Mayor and the editor of the Miner tramped through the dust tc the railway station, carrying a bottle ot champagne in each hand. In the intervals o£ vvilliwillies and grovel they handed the greatest mining man on earth some alleged wine, and cast ashes on their heads in token of humility. Then they took Brookman—we know Brookman very well—upon their shoulders, and carried him through the powdered loam until they cime to the iron place which is the Council Chamber. More unripe wine was poured down the unfortunate idol's throat, and they told him that he notonly found the Boulder, but lie evolved it, he put the gold into it, aud Zeb. Lane was a fool to him. Next tliey collected all the water in the town and bathed the holy one and auointed him, and dccided to hold a mass meeting lo protest—mass meetings must always protest—against the ruler of the universe permitting any dust to be blown upon the Kalgoorlie god. By-and-bye Brookman thought be would like a rest, and he " gave them the slip," but they hunted high and low until they found him snoring in slumber, and they Btarted in again, and followed their deity in ecstatic adoration until he kicked at them and said, " Go to hades I " The Miner next morning was very devout. 