\- QUESTIONS ANSWERED.. >U ' "uU ' 'rú CONTRIBUTORS. .? V, ' /.-..'Tm* cannot guarantee to return rejected MSS., tull-lt .yjlflclont stamps aro forwarded to covèr postage, * viOectcti abtitributions will if possible bo returned to ¡¡./fiA ser<j!Í$|¡!*, Thc Editor cannot enter into corres .,,. iJondencctconcorntnc rejected < contributions. Reports \- «u'.'lpn'jj^venls will not receive attention unless they are .sdi;.'through an agent for tho paper. Subscriber- (X. Y. Z.): She cnn sue for dam ages for breach of; promise, to in any. ?..?Subscriber (Sydney): Unless there is some hidden "catch" about this, we should say no. Header (Bawden Vale): The secretary, School of Arts, Sydney, and Messrs.' Angus and Robertson, Castlcreagh-street, Sydney. Li. H. W. (Hinton): We do not advise you to give a clear receipt if you do not intend to accept the amount mentioned in full settle^ m en I . *. DD. B. (Wyalong) s You cnn sue for a divorce in .forma pauporis .upon satisfying the Re gistrar that you are not worth £25 after pay ment of debts. Customs Duties-R. M.: Under the Customs tariff of New Zealand precious stones, cut or uncut/and unmounted, are admitted into that colony free of duty. A. W. M. (Now England): We do not know the rate of advertising in the paper mention ed; Communicate with Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, George-street, Sydney. Sydney to NCAV Guinea-X. Y. Zv: Tile fares from Sydney to Samarai and Port Moresby, New Guinea, are-Saloon* £12; steerage, £0. Write to Burns, Philp, and Company, Bridge-street, Sydney. . Venus and .Tupitor-Constant Render: 3. What is the name of the bright planet to be soon in tho western sky?-Venus. 2. What is thc name of thc bright planet to be seen in tho eastern sky?-Jupiter. Subscriber (Orange): Avoid pastry, rich soups, fresh bread, and saccharine foods. Let tlie diet consist largely of fruits and vegetables in season, and take an occasional dose of saline aperient medicine.' Treatment of Asthma-Bronchia: Our ad vice, if you think you have symptoms of asthma, is to consult a duly qualified medical man. To attempt self-treatment is a waste of time, and may canse needless suffering. Oil Paintings-J. C. (Sydney): From inqui ries nmdc wo understand that at times there is:a market in Sydney for oil paintings, while at other times they are almost unsalable. Much ? depends on tho value placed on the pictures by tlie artists. Master and Servant-Subscriber (Uralla): I "was engaged for a situation, and had to travel some distance by coach. Am I sup posed to>-pay my fare there and back, or has my master to pay it one Ava y ?-Not iu the ab sence of any agreement to that effect. Gulgong Gold Field-Miner (Adamstown): The town of Gulgong is 10S miles west (207 postal) from Sydney. Communication from Sydney is by train to Mudgee, thence by coach 18 miles. The fates from Sydney to Mudgee are-First-class, £1 17s Od; second class, £1 5s. ' Weight' of a Sovereign-E. M. .T. (Glebe Point): The standard .weight-of a sovereign is 123.27447 grains, and of a half-sovereign 61.03723, grains. Standard gold contains eleven-twelfths of tine metal anti one-twelfth of alloy; fineness, 910.06. Twenty Troy pounds of standard gold ie coined .into 034 sovereigns and one half-sovereign. Sheep Trespassing-Bathurst: Sheep tres pass on my property. The owner resides in a neighboring colony, but he has a mana ger residing here. Whom should I sue?-The owner. 2. Within what time must I sue him «after having made claim for compensation? -You must sue: for damages within twelve inonths »after trespass has been committed. Reserving Banks of River-Subscriber (Copeland); 1. Are the banks of rivers in NCAV South Wales^reserved? If so, what width ls the reserve along the banks?-100ft is the dis tance usually reserved. 2. Are the banks-of the Barrington River reserved?-We are ti na ble to say. Communicate Avith the Under secretary for Lands, i Veterinary Surgery-A. F.- (East Toorak, Vic): I have a draught mare AVith Avhat ap pears to be a tumor or cancer in the ear. > What ls the best cure?-Remove the growth altogether Avith the knife, taking the precau tion not to allow any discharge to run into the ear, and apply carbolic oil with a feather to the part twice daily afterwards. The Wantabadgery Bushrangers-W. B. (Broken Dam): AndrCAv George Scott, better, : knoAvn as "Captain Moonlight," and Thomas Rogan Avere executed at Darlinghurst Gaol on January 20, 1880, for the attempted mur der of Constable BoAven. On being captured the prisoners Avere brought up before the police magistrate at Gundagai, and were re , ihanded to Darlinghurst, where Scott and Rogan Avere sentenced to death and duly hanged; and Bennett and Williams were sen tenced* to imprisonment for life« A Debt Case-II. C. (Camden): A. was awarded a verdict against B. foi- rei\t debt. A. holds goods of B.'s on A.'s premises. Can A. be his own bailiff and sell by public auc tion B.'s goods, or must he cmpqly a court bailiff?-Ho must issue execution, and have the goods sold by the" court in the , usual way, . _ '__ , . . ' Poetical-Inquirer: For many years .thc i authorship-of the poem entitled ? "-Beaut I fal I Snow" was in dispute, but recently'it has been satisfactorily proved that Major W. H. Sigouraoy was the author. The story about I the lines being; found in -manuscript on'' the j body of a dead "unfortunate" bas been . 1 shown to have been invented for the occa sion. ! ' ' , Goats Trespassing-W. D. (North Botany): Can I shoot goats " found trespassing on my land? The animals break down Hie fences, and thus get in. I do not know tho owners. -Yes, if the lands are enclosed by a fence sufficient for horses and cattle ordinarily controllable. 2. The oflicor appointed by the municipal council has power to impound all animals found wandering about the streets of tlie municipality. Tank and Other- Calculations-A. B. C. (Forbes): A cubic foot of quartz is estimated to weigh lCGlb, so that a ton of 22401b would I represent 13^¡ cubic feet. Coarse gravel ?without saud goes «about 1121b to the cubic foot, or 20 cubic feet to the ton; coarse gravel with saud goes 1201b to the cubic foot, or 18 2-3 cubic feet to the ton.--J. L. (Lynd hurst): There are 492 cubic yards in the tank according to the measurements given. A Question of Partnership-Inquirer (Stuart Town) : If A. and B. buy a station and A. contributes more money than B. to partly pay off the debt, and both pay interest on the remainder, has B. to pay A. the whole amount of interest on the balance of a larger sum of money, or only half?-It depends up on the terms of the partnership. If the part ners hold equal sluires then B. would pay in terest on a larger amount of the balance ow ing than A. Receipts for Cheques-T. J. (Parramatta) : 1\. Is it necessary in giving a receipt for a cheque to affix a stamp?-Yes. ,2. Was it ruled by the Supreme Court about ten years ago -that it was not necessary to place n. stamp ovn receipts for cheques?-It was raled that a letter merely acknowledging the re ceipt of a cheque without acknowledging that such cheque has been received "in sat isfaction, of a debt or demand" is not neces sarily liable to stamp duty. Assays and Exa m imitions-Breakdown: Your sample is granitic rock, yielding neither gold nor silver.-W. P. (Orange): Your sample is contorted pyritous schist with quartz bands, yielding, a trace (under 2d wt per ton) of gold, and a trace (under 2dw't per ton) of silver.--Miner (Coutts Crossing) : Before your sample can be assayed it will be necessary for you to state the locality in which it was obtained, and to give what fur ther particulars you can concerning it. Shearing Tallies-T. B. (Fiji): Howe's shearing tally' at Alice Downs, Queensland, is, we believe, the record for Australia. Howe did not use the shearing machine, but opeivated with the hand shears. During one week he was credited with 1436, or a daily average for 5% days of about 261. On one day he shore 321 lambs, all large frames. The general «averages of hand shearing and machine shearing .are, we think, about equal. Selecting C.P.-H. L. P. (Mudgee): I want to take up 100 acres of land in New South Wales. * How should I proceed?-Assuming that you wish to select, under the conditional purchase system, an area of 1Ö0 acres of ordi nary Crown lands, you would have to lodge with your application £10 and a survey fee of £5 5s. At tho encl of three years you would have to pay an instalment of ls per acre, and continue to do so every year until you had paid the purchase money (£100), with -interest at 4 per cent. ' ^ Foul Air in a Mine-W. (Queensland): Which is the best w«ay of driving foul air out of a shaft or drive?-Force a cuia-ent of air into the shaft by any means at command. In shallow shafts a wind sail or a small fan will serve for this purpose, but where the work ings are deep and extensive power is wanted to. draw the air out or force it in. A furnace placed in a suitable position will frequently furnish all the power necessary. In gold mines fans are usually the power employed to ventilate the workings. : Residence on Additional O.P.-D. M'O. (Bland): I have a selection, taken up in 18S0. Iii the event of my taking up an additional e.p., wilt it be compulsory for me to reside on it ten years or will the residence already ful filled suffice?-Assuming that the Selectol does not now hold or has not previously held the full area allowed by law, the 30th section of the act of 1895 provides that the condition of residence shall be waived altogether, so long as the applicant for the, a.c.p. is the per son who applied for the original conditional purchase. ' , Red Spiders on Fig Trees-Subscribe! (Wattle.Farm): If your figtree leaves are In fested with red spider the best remedy to ap ply is keroeeue emulsion. Take two gallons of the" best kerosene, %lb of soft soap, and one gallon of water. Dissolve the soap in the water by boiling, and add boiling hot, away from the fire, to the kerosene. Agitate brisk ly four or five'minutes by pumping the liquid back upon itself with the pump or syringe. Before using add ten times as much water as emulsion. Apply by nieans of a spray purni or a fine-rosed syringe. Curling Horsehair-J. A. B.: Lay Hie bair lengthwise; twist .lt tightly into a kind oí rope, and tie the ends. Then put it into a saucepan filled with water, and boil rt. for about four hours. Take it out, rinse by. fuiv flier twisting, tie the two ends together, and bake in a hot. oven. . .When taken out and untied, the hair will be found curly and fit for.stuffing. - . LS. Special Area Selection-Selector: .1. How long will it take to pay off the principal and . Interest on a special area selection of 200 .acres-.taken up In July, 1801; capital value, £2 per acre; annual instalments, 2s per acre? -About 82 years. 2. How long AVill .it take to pay off sume if the annual instalments are reduced to ls Gd per acre'?-It is- impossible to say Avitliout full particulars as to the pay ments made prior to the reduction, as the" re duced price of the land dates back. to the commencement Of the selection, and any sur plus monies paid at the higher rate-ave .credi ted towards the reduction of the balance of thc purchase money owing. ". ;., ¡ To Remove Warts-J. A. B. (Gundagai): Soak the hands in warm water for a lew min-j utes, pave the Avarts as close as possible with a sharp knife, taking care not to make fbö'm bleed. They may now be touched over \vltlV' a little lunar caustic or nitric acid, or a little concentrated acetic acid or aromatic vinegar. The last two do not stain the skin. The first is used "by merely' rubbing it on the Avarts, previously slightly moistened with Avater; the others by moistening-the. warts Avith them by means of a'small strip of Avood or. preferably, a rod of glass; due care being takeu not to alloAv the liquid to touch the neighboring parts. This treatment adopted every three or four days for ten days or a fortnight will generally effect a. cure. Immigration of Chinese-C. J.: Since 1880 it has been deemed by the Governments of all the Australian colonies, except West Aus tralia - and South Australia as far as her Northern Territory is concerned,. to enact prohibitive laws against the immigration of Chinese, and their migration from one colony to another. For several years a poll tax of £30 was imposed, but now, in accordance with the most recent legislation on the sub ject, masters of vessels are, forbidden under a heavy penalty to bring more than one Chinese to every 300 tons, and.a poll tax of £100 is charged on landing, except in West Australia, where the tax is £10, and in the Northern Territory, where no tax is imposed. These stringent regulations have had the ef fect of bringing about the almost entire ces sation of this class Qf immigration. . Election of a Mayor-W. J. D. (Maclean): A. and B. are both nominated for the position of Mayor at a duly constituted meeting called for that purpose. The full strength of the. council Are present, viz., nine aldermen and a retiring Mayor, AVIIO is not an alderman* Four-alder-men-vote for A. and .four for B., the other alderman -absolutely refusing to vote.: A point Ava s raised by ^candidate A. that all the votes must be exhausted before the retiring Mayoivcould gi vé his casting vote. A pause of about a quarter of an hour ensued looking up the act" and giving the al derman AVIIO -refused to vote an.trpportunity of doing so. The retiring Mayor being un able to find anything, in the act whereby an alderman could be compelled to vote, and ! that alderman refusing to do so, gave his [casting vote in favor of B. Was that legal? -Yes! see letter on this subject in last week's "Journal." Poultry Farming as a Living-Langshan (Nor'-West): Poultry farming may be taken to be much'on a level with other pursuits so far as^making a living is concerned. If you have capital, the necessary experience, and are in dustrious and Avilling to work early and late, and also on Sundays, you should be able to make a fairly comfortable living. With con siderably less than the sum you mention you should be able to purchase a suitable piece of land, erect good buildings and yards, and pro cure a good stock; but we could not recom mend you' to go in for poultry farming uniess you are prepared to see to everything person ally, and take part in the more important work yourself, as it is very difficult indeed to obtain persons who thoroughly understand the management of poultry. . Neither would Ave adA'ise you to go in foi* a larger concern than you can personally .manage. . With, the above conditions, you should be able to make the sum you mention. \ - To Tell the Age of a Horses-J. A. B. : How can I tell the age of a horse by the teeth? By examining the lower jaAv you will find the central temporary incisors are cut at birth, the lateral from 4 to 8"weeks, the cor ners from 6 to 9 months, and at 12 months the foal has all its temporary incisors up. The central permanent incisors are cut at 2 years and 6 mouths, the lateral at 3 years and 6 months, the corner at 4 years and 6 months, and at 5 years are up level Avith the others,v Avith the exception of their inner shells. The tusks are cut from 4 to 4^ years, At 6 years the inner tables Of the cov -ner incisors are up and in wear, and the in fundibulam or mark is worn out of the cen tral incisors. After this period a thorough bred horse is .aged. At 7 years the mark is effaced from the lateral incisors of lower jaAv, and at 8 years all marks are obliterated from the loAver incisors. After this period only an approximate guess can be given in the absence of a birth certificate. Gibbeting in New South Wales-Carcoar: The gibbet, was an upright post fixed in tho ground in some public place, Avith a piece of wood projecting from the top,, to -which a rope was attached. À man condemned to tr be hanged was suspended by the rope; and In the last century was usually hanged in , chains, the body being left to swing in the ' wind, as a warning to evil-doers. It was - also usual to carry out tho sentence at ,the place - where the crime was ? committed; Many cases of this lund" occurred in the early" [ days of the colony ; but the only recorded one i fook .place In 1790,. when a murderer wa»;a [ executed orr Pinchgut Island. The scene .is . [ thus described in Collina's:. ."Account of tke-t Colony!' ; "The court having, ordered 'that Francis Morgan should be hung in chains ., iipon the small island which is situated in the ' middle of the harbor, and named by the "na tives' Mat-te-wan-ye, a gibbet was accord- - ingly. erected,, and he was hung there, ex"-' hibiting an object of more terror to the na tives , than 'to the white people, "rh any of ' whom\were more inclined 'to make a jest of ; it; but to the natives his appearance was so : frightful-his clothes shaking in the wind, and the creaking of his irons, added to their : s^pierstff^pus ;ideas of ghosts (for these chil dren, lOf, ignorance imagined that, like a ghost, this man might have the power of taking hold of them by the throat), all rendering him such an alarming object to them-that they . \- peyer trusted themselves near him, or the ' spot on which he hung; which, until this time, had ever been with them a favorite place of resort" > -The Maori War-W. F.'G. (New Plymouth, N.Z.) writes: In your issue of February, 13,;\ your information re the Taranaki war is ab i fault. ? As it-is as-well, to be correct, I send you some authentic information thereon: The \ cliief Wiremu Kingi, wishing to put a stop to the acquirement of land by. the Government, came forth as a chief and vetoed the sale of a ?? plot of land at Waitara, belonging to Teira.., Consequently in February, 1800, after due notice was given to the natives, the surveyors proceeded to Waitara to su.-vey the block in question sold by Teira to his Excellency. The surveyors were prevented by a. body of un armed natives. Lieutenant-Colonel Murray addressed a letter to the natives, without any satisfactory result, and martial law was pro claimed. The Governor issued a proclama tion in Maori, and, after a-meeting with the natives, he concluded to forcibly occupy; Teira's land. Saturday, March 17, 1860, was the-unfortunate day that witnessed the first shedding of blood between the two races in the province, of New Plymouth. A pah hav I ing been erected on the disputed block Colonel ! Gold sent a letter fo the insurgents, ordering them to move off the Queen's land. This they i refused to receive. The mounted orderly re j ported the pah very strong, being double pal isaded,-with ditch and. galleries. The artil lery having been planted on a mound bpenetl fire with rocket and shell, which was answer ed, from the three faces of the pah by small arms, the natives doing the war dance and running up their fighting flag. A volunteer named Sartén and' a private of the 65th Regi-. ment were mortally wounded. From its ex ternal shape this pah was called the L Páh. The natives deserted it during the night, and it took the troops many hours' hard labor be fore it was razed to ¡the ground. The natives commenced ransacking houses, and murdered settlers near Omata". They eUsconsed them selves on Waireka Hill in ¡rifle pits and pali sading, and hoisted the red flag of defiance. On March 28" the battle of Waireka was fought, 17 natives being.killed and 25 wound ed. The fire at the* battle of Puketakouoro on June 27 was said by .veterans to have been hotter than at Sabraón and the Redan. Find \ ing the expected reinforcements did not ap pear, Major Nelson ordered the retreat to be sounded, and many dead and wounded were left on that field. Captain Seymour, R.N., of H.M.S. Pelorus, was severely wounded, and 33 others. 29 officers and men of the different corps, were killed. The 40th Regiment lost heavily in the engagement. Six natives were killed and eight wounded. ¡The bayonet play ed a conspicuous part in-.the battle of Mabol tain, on November 6, and the na tives lost heavily, 34 being killed and 59 wounded. On December 29, at the engagement at Kairaw (No. 1 Redoubt), the troops fired 70,000 rounds of ammunition and 120 shell and case shot. A sap being run towards the rebels' position at Te Afci, January 23, 1861, the rebels attacked No. 3 Redoubt before daylight. .Artillery cut fuses of shells short and pitched them over the pa rapet. The Maoris lost heavily, 50 being killed and 70 wounded. In March a truce was entered into, and hostilities w.cre renewed in I May, 1863, by the massacre' of Dr. Hope, ¡ Lieutenant Traggett, and others at the Wai tan Stream, Oakura, and continued on till I 1809, under Tltokowaru, About the last act of the rebels was the fiendish massacre at the ' White Cliffs of the Rev.-Mr. Whiteley and seven others on February 16, 1869. To give some idea of the property destroyed by the Maoris from March 17, 1860, to March 31, 1861, I quote the following from Mr*. Gray ling's account of the war:-Buildings destroy- ' ed, £42,510 13s 4d; fences, £3764 ls Gd; cattle; etc., £35,732 7s 6d; crops, etc., £41,601 7s lOd; total, £123,60S 15s 2d. Mr. A. Wihjon, a well-known resident of Law son, died on March 21. Dr. Stanich, Aural Surgeon, from the Imperial and Royal'University, Clinia for Diseases of the Ear, Vienna, and Halle, A.S., Germany, is the only! theoretical and. practical specialist In diseases ot the ear in Australia; 18 years' practice in Ne wi South Wales. New and the most effective reme dies known for influenza and cold in the head, so prevalent and dangerous to life. No home should be without these remedies In case of need. They; wy.1 on application be forwarded to any part ofi the world on remittance of one pound. »Dr«,. Stanich can be consulted on Bar, Nose, and Throati, hand Influenza at '84 Elizabeth-Street, near King* I ¡streetji.Sydney..-0« 