THE EVENING. As a fitting termination to the day's proceed infgs, a public meeting eas held in the church in the evening, and was largely attended. the s?acred edifice being well filled. Such a large number having congregated in the building some tilme prior to the hour for commencemesrt, thle time w:as passed pleaantsnnly in the rendering ot: s:nome of the most spirited melodirs from Sankley'ts collection. The lrev. T. Leitch pre sided, and a unmbler of the ministers prejent oeeupied a sealt beside him on the platflorr. Pnosise As? lh Plhlrn. Thie adidreses woera preceded bgy a short praise and prayer meeting, which was lenad ry the Ror. H. Ilawlings. The opening hymn seas "Have ye heard tbe song from the godeon land ?" o id, following this, prayer wns offered by one of those in thie body of the church. For the next few minultls singing alternated awitll prayer, and, on the suggestion of the leader, a prayer was on'aered up that the colony would soon be hiorsed with the refreshing riin. of slhich it is so anueh in need. Oun Shnxo s fiJse.v. Another hym-n loving bIeen sng, the ller. H. Yonn.??ans delive wl an earnet dienour.se on "Our High Standard." lJe obrserved thit the uene of stondards was to help pedpie to see juat wl.ere they were. It sari good tthiv to have a high standard, and injoted of beginu?ing by aim ing at a low one, let them endeavour avc attain to something which stretelit out grand:y before them and incited and inspired terem to earnestly resolve to attain to it by the ,.race of God. He thouaht that he would not be ..r out if he said that the high standard swhie, they should put before them wan Christ. (Hear, hear.) And, if they did that, there were Lntent possibilities wlhich would, Ly-end-bye, show forth. As their high standar,; Christ shoidd he their mensure of personal character. Christ did right for right's sake, o?e truthful fc truth's Isake, and was just alwaya for the saire of juctice. Therefore, He bs??ld be their standard of right of right, truth, and justice. Again, Christ should also be theirstandard of' loyalty to God, .oe the whole of Bis life was pitched in that ley. Moreover, His high standard rwas to be found in Hist absolute loyalty to the clai;ns of man. Those was a cry amongst some "Prove your C.l'ietianity, by your charity andcnsmanity," but itl a man had no more religion than shows in his humanity then hIe did- not conform to the teaching of Jesus Chlist. Further,. Christ should be their high etandard in the zcal that He always ihad for religion. These were-some of tbhe apects of the otladard to whiceht they should seek to confor-?; In conclusicn he would beseech them nct to- be content with an average Christianity. Let them not lond so much nuS man as at thCei Lord, and endeC?mor to get closer to Itim. GIorce-ns(; 5-"I055 it¶TOll!disi-l. The Rev. P. taOnInsoN reluarked that ihat .was an cpportun ie time to state that ler. Grosfield, ct Livrppol, wh-ns on a recent visit to Ipswich, delivered the fo!!owing greeting to the local endeavourers from- the society with awich hle was connected:..-"- The grace of thn Lord Jesus Christ be withi yo:.eall." The Ile. .lorrs' W:~mion ilntimntled t.at he had re, quested Mr. Cro.field to eon. y the followint greeting to his society frosm t-he Ipswich er. deraosrcrs:--" For none of rc. liveth to hlim se!f, and so man dieth to himself; for whether we live we li'e unto the Lord. wrd whether we die wcs dio acrt the Lord. Whether we live, therefore, or whether we die,. we are the Lbr.gi." Our. ThoCvsneo Osnrv:r, The above seae the subject of a mo.st impres sive sdderess dslivered by the Rev. .. Crook ston. He referred to the addrvrc oi the lev. I- 'oungmanl. ito whlich, he said, that gentle ma.n had ably and eloquently slown some of the potentialities and possibilitiea latent in the individual life, and it was for him.itbhe speakerl to show thie rposibilities contained in tIhe movement of Christian Endeavour. The last words of Jesuon Christ--" Go ye into all the world, and pench the Gospel'--were, he thougkt, the nrebing orders of the Christian Ende.vourers. He belicvcd that the nqar future ans presneont willh great things for the Christian Church and the living God. He believed that the Christian Church was on. the eve of a aptismn of the Holy Ghost. And it was signiacont that, at ttis time, there should arrive such a mighty army, as was now represented by the Christian Endeavour Societies all over the world. The soci-ty was tauching the Church many a whole sole rlesson. For inatance, there was at present a feeling -abroad. in favour of organic unity. The Christian Endeavour movement taught that there wsn such a thing as spiritcal unity, whilst allowing the.Churches to maintain their own·r ,denominational distinctions, rad yet they weos brought olove together io spirit and sylpa~thy arndin the desire for aggressive work for the Lord Jesus.. As Endeavourers they nm?et on a common platform, and took the saying of Chriat, which-he had previously r-entionedu as thir marcehing.order. The evaogeli-sation of the whole ;orld walo at present the-great th ing which was set before the Christian Church; anrd,-alluding to the wsant of mroney for carrying on the foreign missions, he obserwrved th t if aone-tenth of- the income for the year of the Irotestant Churches in Christendom were set rpsart, there would be suflicient uands to send the Gospel effecctivly into every country ilo the world. He believed that a marveloos work: sould be accomplished by the Chsi.ain GI tsuret. aoring the next tvwenty years. "leviro.Thy W?ork, Oh God"' aving been. heartily rendered, several prayers were oli fere4 and the convention was concleded by the singing of-'" Alli Bail the Power of Jesu;I Nams" and the pronouocing of tLe honed ietion. PAasarsaoo no Coerror BDOucer, Duritg the tea adjournment, a mee'ing of representatives of the societies otiliat ed with the lonal unionwaps held in the -vestry, when half-a'-rhour was spent in a help?l diJ rcusston as to the best-metbods of rendering ar; sistaxce to cocuntry societies. The socieies reg reser.ted were St. Stephen's Presbyterian, E~risba .ne-street Congregationr;, Brisbaoe-stree" --Baptist, Rose woo~aConpregational, Boonah Trimitite MIetho dist, Goodua C?ngregational, and Dinsore United Church. " 