Miscellaneous Mall News. From tbe latest English tiles to hand we take tlie following interesting items :— MiBs Perceval, daughter of the Prime Minister wlio was assassinated when entering the House of Commons in 1812, has just at tamed her 92nd year, the bells of Ealiag. where she resides, ringing a peal in honour of the event. The death has occurred of Mrs. Kaye, of Kirk ?tell, inventor of the check-box for collecting fares, and which is now used on iieaily all the northern 'buses aud tramways. Mrs. Kaye, wearing a cr.no- . line which was in fashion at the time, experienced difficulty in entering and leaving these vehicles by the turnstiles then in u?e. She accordingly set to work and designed the box in question. — Tlie widow of a Bathgate doctor, who has ju6t died, was the subject of tUe popular sor.g, J' The Nameless Lassie,' written by James Ballantyue, the Edin burgh poet. — A mtfiij who has just died at Macroom, aged 105, was well aud active till six mouths ago. Mr. John Hall, a wealthy shipowner of Newcastle, has offered £100,000 towards the erection of a new local infirmary, .conditional on a similar sum raised in connection with the Jubilee being devoted to the maintenance of the institution. The Prince of Wales's London BCospitals Fund is reported to have obtained, an annual income in sub scriptions of over £62,500. An attempt will be- made to connect the island of Sark with Gruernsey by Marconi's wireless telegraph. — Selsey Bill has been connected with Chichester by means of a tramway or light railway. Mr. Henniker Heaton has been again exposing the absurdities of the charges for telegraphing com pound words. ' Bank-book ' is counted as one word, and -can be sent for a half -penny, a penny being charged for ' cash-book,' whioh is reckoned two words. Forest-hill in Oxfordshire is a single word, Forest-hill in the London area being charged as two. You can wire ' shan'tj' don't,' and 'can't' at -a rate of: a half -penny; 'haven't', or ' shouldn't '' costing a penny. ' Coach maker ' is one word, 'soap-maker' is counted as two. . According to the latest returns, there were 140,000 .more females than males in Scotland, .although the birth-rate showed a preponderance of mafcs. The vme; at. Hampton Gqust Palace, which, is 129 yeat3 old; is. now bearing 130Q bunches of grapes. %'? An infant was iound dead in a peraiabulator, a email girl having %eeu wheebug it about for some : lime without being aware pi the fact. — At. an inquest bn a London itif&nt; -which died from natural cauEes, ?-. the mother 'ha/i called in^ five doctors, each of whom, it was said, bad -prescribed' different medicine:7 - ? \- * 'A.-HipttLer ^om^ilained- -sadly to the- Braintree Guardians that her daughter Tiad'tiied some.njonths ' ago in. a iiina tic asylum, and she had continued to receive reports that her daughter Was in fair health, -but mentally no better. * The mother wished to have the body exhumed and ah inquest held. — A woman, ? aged S:j5 died tniserablj in Bast Lpfldftn; *fter«leep- - ? ing on_doprrBtepg for : months. .At; the inquest it was stated thata lot of people 1iad come tip from the ...country to see if the body jras tkatfof a lost daughter. \- . The coroner said-it was sad that not a. inontli passed ' without ?& -similar case -happening, -and the uiarveL ; - was that so many who made a mistake in life should drift to the same place— ifiast tiOUCDn.— A servant- T girl having been found under distressed conditions in * London, a widower with'two children' wrote to the pohce-court missionary offering to marry, her. A ' young woman - found in a filthy condition in London was. charged with sleeping in the open air and having no visible means of subsistence. Ihe magistrate advised her to take advantage of the new Act, which gave her the power to go to a. Board of Guardians and say she wished to be washed' and have her clothes disinfected. That would be done free of «ost to her,, and would not be regarded in the nature of parochial relief. . Some .schoolboys 'were ordered to be birched at Leicester for endeavouring to wreck a train contain ing over 200 workmersi-i-Aii aged man was charged in London with picking the pocket of a female mourner at the graveside when attending .a funeraL — A married woman, '.sent to gaol at Beading for theft, was reported to have-stoien 59 pairs of trousers from Shops .within five months, and sold the same to procure driuk. '??:.. . ? The patent of a new spring .bicycle wheel, which does not puncture, ons been sold for £100.--00.— 'The. (jkeat : Northern Bailway Company, in order- to «ope wife- tlie increase in. the- transit of; bicycles, tire erecting places ior tneir storag* at certain stations. 'The' winner of a £1 -a *week for life prize in a* ;; ~ guessihg cricket-competition, organised by a. sporting : newspaper, ? isued the propriet6r6-f6r?*ri-earfi:of pa j- , inept, -ami jiiugmBnt-waB- given- for the amount claimed. ...... ? . ^ ..In. the Bj&y; of London Cjurt the Commissioner Baid pens, ink, and paper were cheap, and yet cases were continually coming before him which showed that if there had been a little less talking and a little writing the disputes would never have been created. If it were not for the .talking lawyers would starve. . A husband's liability for his wife's debts has been raised in Preston County Court. An . engine-driver was sued by a grocer for £26 for goods supplied to defendant's wife for consumption in the household. It was proved that the husband handed over to his wife nearly the whole of bis earnings, and wa.B said ? to have had no idea that she was obtaining credit. ' In giving judgment for the husband, the Judge ruled, that in a position suca as the defendant's the wife's duty was'to use Ihe money, for .weekly expenses, and that she had no authority to pledge her Lusband's credit beyond toe current week. . . A newly-discovered spot on the sun, which is ? visible just now, is said to be 30,000 miles in diameter. Dr. Peter's explorations ia Babylonia have led to the discovery of Nippur, the oldest city of the world, and written records dating back 6000 years. On an estate in France the plough was success fully driven' by electricity, the current being dis tributed by overhead cablteB. A comic way of serving notice on a neighbour to abate a nuisance was lately tried in a New England Tillage. A farmer's hens came home the other- day each with a kernel of corn In her crop and a string banging out of her mouth, to the outer end of 'which, was attached a card, reading, ,' Keep me at home ;' I've been scratching up my neighbour's garden.' , A lady B. A... growing . wearv of the drudgery of coaching female students for University examiua-^ . tions in New Zealand poisoned hereeif after WHting a letter of insifuctiops to her lawyer, and another 4o a medical nian analysing her mental condition on the ?ve of suicide. ^ t \- A London .Jew. named Gohen, summoned to serve on an inquest j absented himself, and wrote informing the coroner that, as his name implied, he was a~ descendant of 'the High Priest Aaron, and was for-, bidden by Jewish law to 'enter the presence of the dead. The eoroner, said lie thought the English law was superior to the Jewish, and the* nian would be ?ummoned. to attend -gie next* inquest and explain .himself.' ;. _' ;V '' '':''r'':.' . '' ' ' - '' ' A grave-digger who has died at Gillinghatn held \- that position' for 87 years, and had buried 12,000 persons. \- A curate, to raise money for the building fund of a new church, hired a barrel-organ for £2 a month, and plays it daily at Felixstowe. The net result of three weeks' work has been about £16. A man upon whom an inquest was held in London Was described as having a bullock's heart, that organ being double the natural size. This, a doctor Baid, might be occasioned by doing nothing, or by over exertion, such as scorching when cycling. While levelling the flt-or of a farmhouse near Spllsby, human remains were uwearihed, together with a gold ring and pieces «f old black silk. This discovery, so it is .said, vra- preceding by loud knock - ings and the appearauce of a ghost. The bones are thought to have been buried a.hundred.years. The proprietress of a London agency declares that ? the reported dearth of domestic servants is un founded. . ... Prison labour is being reorganised, the treadmill having given place to more ufeiul loil. Womei' are now beiug employed in such occupations as doll dressiog. Fewer persons were committed to prison last year, the total number besng 162,000' against 169,01)0 in the previous 12 months. 