ROCKY; OR THE GHOST OF SPRATT'S GULLY. [Foe Thb Clipper.] Way back at the tail end of the fifties when thai wild Irishman, Rooky Whelan, was on a wring commission in tb» Midland dig triots, h» wandered one day across the Eastern Tiers to the hiffhwar which runs from Swansea to Avoca. He strnck the roadside about 17 miles from Avooa and halted there for the dnal purpose of having a spell and to watch for any 'big game ' that might pasB, for even in those days there wbb a good deal of traffic along this thoroughfare. While Rooky, whobadinst finished a successful season round several of the farm houses about Camp bell Town and lifted what he deemed most useful, was nearing his halting place, George Spratt, a farm hand employed at Rock House, and who had been to Swansea on a spree, was toiling wearily homeward, feeling grateful at the thought that the roof of the welcome homestead would soon be in eight, but blissfully oblivions of the fact that every step, slow and heavy as it was, took him nearer to tht fatal claws of Booby, and that night, like ' old Meg, tier as looked after the kids ' for Kinder,' he would be frilled brown in his own fat, while over his cremated remains Rocky would be having an orgie on the preserves of his victim. Rooky was keeping a sort of doey vigil for some little time when, with weasel-like keenness, he started at the tramp, tramp, tramp of a tra veller, who was slowly wending his way along the steep and tortuons road. As soon as the wily wolf of the bush saw that Spratt was ' alto gether by himself ' and was fairly loaded, he crossed his path and faced him. ? G'd day, boss,' was Rocky 'e first salute. 'Morn'n,' says Spratt, thongh the sun web well down among (he trees and the day was fast closing in. He wore a tired look and bad little knowledge that he stood face to face with one of the most desperate and merciless outlaws tbat ever carried a barking iron. He knew Rocky was 'out,' bnt never expected to meet him so near home. ' Got a chew ? Been to Hoppin Jimmy's P Where are yer goin P' asked Rocky, as if he wanted to cut short his interview and get right into business. ' Yes, I've got a bit o' bacca. Been down to Swanporfc/ replied the doomed man. Rocky was running tha rale of his keen vision over the surface of his prey, and inwardly muttered as be clapped his eye on three bottles of ' square faoe,' ( I've struck it rich, he's got grog aboard.' Of course the right inherent in the race, to become immediate posses sor of the swag, instantly asserted itself, and be planned how to do the job expeditiouBly and effectively. Spratt unharnessed his load, and moved to the roadside to have a rest, and, as he handed Rocky half a fig of twist, he said, ' Where are you going, mat* ?' But it was esid with such a dog-tired feeling that he didn't seem to care if bis ' mate ' was going to the bottomless pit. ' Been round my snares, got no thing, just my lack,' said Rocky, and in conveying tbe intelligence he dressed it in language ot a vivid type, peculiar to the free and force ful lingo of tbe bush. While Spratt lighted up, Rocky cbewed, and the next movement was tbe uncorking of a bottle of Key brand, whioh had been broached on tbe way by tbe weary Spratt. Fired by the potent agent of. all dark and terrible deed?, King Alcohol, Rocky put bis plan of happy dispatch into prompt action. Knowing that if he srarcea on uis way, opratt wouia resume his journey in the opposite direction, the bushranger offered a parting salute, and moved Swansea wards. After going a hundred yards or so he doubled back, and uaking a slight detour in the bush, came up to within close range of Spratt, and without the slightest compunction, raised his gun, drew a clean straight bead on bis man, fired and dropped him. Spratt gave a sort of half turn as he was stumbling, instinctively, no donbt, to get a look at hie murderer. ' My God, it's Rocky !' was all that he said, and rolled over in the convul sions of fact approaching death. With a brutal kick or two the inhuman butcher completed hjs dirty wbVk) acc'otap&nytog; hj| Jjfcfcs with curses at the discovery that the con I en ts of one of the bottles of fire-water was tuokliug along the roadway aud mingling with tbe blood of the last of Rooky's victims. After placing Spratt's swag in a place of safety, the now half-drunken Whelan dragged the murdered tnau down into a gully, rided his pockets, de nuded him of the best of his apparel, bnilt a huge fire and cre mated him. With the roasting of Spratt was consumed in the same ura cne worst ot the bushranger's togs. Then he picked up the swag, withdrew to a respectful distance in the bush, and drank to the suc cess of his expedition. With an easy conscience he soon was under the spell of the grog, and while opratt was burning Rocky was snoring in his lair, and just then, and only then, at peace with the world. He awoke with a start nert morning, and peering through the trees saw the smoke from the rude crematorium curling upward to the sky, and to his disordered brain it seemed to asflnme the form of the dead man, as it floated away on the morning air. This was too mnoh for even such an adamantine heart as Rocky wore, and he moved away back towards the Midland districts. Soon after the murder of Spratt the police ran the bush ranger to earth near Jericho, and be was taken to Hobart and hanged. He was saddled, and justly so, with the muider of the yonng farmer of Rock Hou-e, whose straw hat he wore when caught, and, strange to relate, fear ing this article of headwear would help to 'put him away,' he actually devoured nearly halt of it. Spratt's Gully is an eerie apot; the scene of one of the fonlest murders that ever darkened the pages of any conntry's history is marked by a cairn of stones, and travellers aver that at a certain hour soon after dawn the form of George Spratt danpes over the oairn in volumes of smoke, and seems to point to the spot where Boeky slumbered in debauchery on the night of the murder. The effect is weird and gruesome in the extreme, and does opt invite one to linger longer than is necessary iu the vicinity. -C.A.JI. 