WILL AEND I. I had been sitting at my desk fora full hour, engaged in the laudable occu pation of doing nothing. In spite of my trouble, what wonder then that I drifted off into reverie, and my thoughts re verted to sadly plehsant retrospect? Once more it was winter-the sunny New Orleans winter-and Will and I twere together. I recalled the hours passed in reading and writing and mu sic; the drives and walks and theaters. The most minute and trivial incidents recurred to my mind, and I found my oelf smiling at the recollection of a cer tain long, narrow, phenomenally dark passage or alleyway on Royal street, up ;Fhich we glanced one night, and which Will, with his bright and quick sense of humor, immediately christened "Jack the Ripper's court." This is not a sensational story that I am about to tell. I warn my readers in advance that there is nothing ptar tling or wildly romantic in it. From start to finish it is a simple "o'ertrue tale." And yet it was romantic too. There was a tinge of romance, after all, when Will asked me to become his wife, to marry him in secret. We had been betrothed for a year, and he was far from siren-.. His health was under .. un--a -nornmn re-r-o -presse" him that he would be taken away. In the prime of his manhood, with life and hope and happiness all his, it was an aw ful thought. "Constance," he said one night as we stood on the moonlit gallery, with its luxuriant rose vines and the great yel low roses clambering up to shake down their showers of fragrance in our faces, "my darling, be my wife now! Why horild we wait, dearone? There isnoth ing between our lives and happiness but the bugbear of poverty, and I shall have a fortune when I am 80. Ishall be 30 net September,'Constance, if-if I live." : Soifething in the sweet, tender voice made me` glance up swiftly into the brav?'darkeyes. Beautiful, tender eyes, wher~e are 'you now? Where are you today, O Will? Hidden away forever from the sight of my eyes, from beyond the clasp of my arms-gone, gone-I feel it, believe'it-to'that Beautiful, veiled, bright world. Where the glad ghosts meet. Something in his voice made my heart ache:. " "Why doyou speak so sadly?" I asked him. "Never mind the fortune, Will. I care nothing for that, if you are only spared to me." S"`Ilmdw it, dear, tender little heart," he aiswered softly. "You are the only true woman in the world, Constance. , BntIwanted to tell you (I am supersti tioiTadiiiit it) it was prophesied that I shalLdie before I am 30." ' "Nonsense!" I cried sturdily, "that is bheer superstition, and it is very wrong to believe in it, dear. No one knows the fifuie" I would never think of that agaig'if I were you." I tried to smileas I spoke-to shake off the; itr.anSe feeling that would oppress me, try as I might-buttall in vain. Die before 801 MIy true hearted, noble Will, Iwith his sunny smile and tender dark eyes! I would not believe it. It was ahnrd.Son T laughed at his fears as foolishness and tried to make him for get. But he was far from strong, and that one glimpse of what might be in store for us-the awful parting that might come-made me decide. So I promised that night to become his wife at once and "in secret and silence," as the old song says. Everything was made ready, and on the following night-the nightbeforehis departure-we were quietly married in a quaint little old church in one of the retired streets of New Orleans. And ,Will and I belonged to each other for time and eternity. S Thesad parting came next day-end he wsent back to his northern home, while I returned tomy work, brightened only by the hope of meeting in the sum mer at quiet Long Beach. \- I am not a superstitious woman. I had nlaughed at Will for his own dread of the supernatural and his belief in a prophecy, but we had not been parted a whole mouth when something very cu rious happened. Will had written to me every day, such dear, sweet letters that they did my heart good-kept it alive, in fact. But for those letters I would have given up my hold upon hope and would have \- succumbed to despair. " But one day no letter came. I felt a strange sinking at the heart- an awful sense of depression; darkness gathered over my life. Suspense-hope deferred; these are the two emotions which serve to kill the human heart, to darken and blight exietence. That night I went out on the little gallery where we had pass ed so many' happy hours. The moon wa= bright, and one star shone in the blue vault above myhead-one thatWill had long ago designated "our star." My heart was crushed and heavy. :I stood leaning against one of the col rms which supported the gallery, the scent of the roses that he loved floating all around me. And as I stood there, pomethlng-a lishttouch-felj upon my shoulder. A cold bieeze crept over my check, like a breath from the grave. I turned my eyes, and there before me In the cold moonlight stood Will-my husband. With a wildincredulous cry of delight and rapture. I flung my arms about him -only tgrasp minpty air! No one was there! 'W?il' was gone! I fell'to the'gallery floor and lay there like a dead wonan. ' When" I openiod my eyes; the moon was shining down updn me, just as calm and cold and imnperial as ever. I struggled to a sitting posture and gazed wildly about me. What did it mean? I was not at all superstitious, yet I felt that I had seen my husband that night, just as truly as I had ever beheld his face in my life. The next day-no letter, and the next, still no letter. Oh, the anguish of hope deferred! The time had come now for me to go to Long Beach, as I had promised him. I would keep my word--o matter how hard it might be, I would go there. If he-if that hideous prophecy had really come true-at all events, I would keep my promise-my last promise to him. So I went. Oh, the long, dreary, inter minable days, with only the monotonous waters before me, the blue, blue skyand golden sunshine always the same. It made my heart faint and sick. I had written and written letter after letter. Still no response. I felt that he was dead. And-no one could tell me, be cause how could his friends in the far distant north know aught of the south ern woman whom he had secretly wed at superstitioni,never. Last night I saw him again. I had gone down to the beach in the moonlight and walked slowly and sadly up and down the white stretch of sand at the water's edge. All at once I saw another shadow mingle with my own upon the moonlit beach. I came to a halt and saw at my side-Will. With a wild cry I attempted to grasp his arm, but there was no one there. I went back to the house and passed the night in pacing up and down the floor like a mad woman. Today is his thirtieth birthday, or would have been, but I feel that 'my darling is no more; that the visions I have seen were warnings sent me of his fate. Would Will have'ceased to iriite me-me-his beloved one-if he were alive? I believe that I shall see the phantom once again, and then-then-I shall go, too, for I feel that it is his spirit that has come back for me. So I have been sitting herein the morn ing sunlight thinking of the past.. Can one wonder greatly that mypen lies idle and utterly refuses to 'produce the love tales of others? Is not my own love story as sad a one as I can ever write? I bear the sound of wheels and glance listlessly from the open window at my side. A carriage has stopped before the gate. - Two men are assisting a third to alight. They are bringing him slowly up the walk to the house. He is evi dently very ill. Why does my' heart throb so weakly? I am too weak 'to stand-to take a step forward. Oh, I will not allow myself to be deceived by mad, vain hopes! They reach the house at last and as sist the feeble form up the steps of the broad gallery into my presence. Oh, pitying heaven! It is Will-Will, pale and spectral, a weak, frail invalid, but Will all the same. It is some time before I fully recover from this trance of happi Hehadbeen very illwithbrain fever. No' one couldwrite to me because theyknew nothing of me or my address,and hewas raving in delirium. As soon as he was able to attempt the journey he had set out to return to me. It was all ended now-that dreary separation. Upon his thirtieth birth day, oh, so happy and hopeful, my Will had come back to me, never to leave me again! "I shall never more laugh at any one for being superstitious," I said the next day, gazing into the deep, dark eyes of the loved one so happily restored to me. "Thank heaven that my superstitious fears were not realized." I have never been able to account for that strange illusion. To this day I can not make up my mind what'it was that I had sdeu. But it was not Will's ghost, and that is all I care to kncw, after all.-Toronto Mail. 