A GPRAVEYARD GHOST." " ): , 'My experience of ghosts hais riot been very extensive. e The only specimen 1 ever met "was while cycling in Ireland nearly two years ago. I wqs: obbliged to put up one night at an unitidy;village inn; and while sitting in thearwell, out of courtesy I'will call It the bar parlorid enjoying the society of some quaint vil lage wits, an excited Hiberniaii burst in upon us with the startling announce ment that he had nearly .been frightened to death by a ghost in the churchyard, which was but a stone's throw from the inn. I ridiculed the idea, and volunteered to go and investigate, and invited some of the bolder spirits to accompany me; and so some half-dozen of us left the inn and proceeded in the semi-darkness to the ruinous lychgate. We entered the lonely and neglected burial ground, and softly rounding a big yew-tree came plump upon a weird, white figure, with long, wildly gesticulating arms, whose ghostly contortions sent a chill quiver ing down my spine. With a yell my companions bolted in a body, falling over one another in their haste, while I called out as boldly as I could, "W-who are you?" and a muf fled voice replied, "Shure it's only my self that's after tryin' on Father O'Con nor's shirt I was takin' to the wash ; bedad, it's an illigant fit, but the devil a bit can I find the way out o' the old rag at all, at all." . HAUNTED CHAIR. I have a mania for antiquities, and a few months ago I came across a curious old carved chair. It was broken, so I got It cheap, glued it, and placed it in my snuggery for a smoking chair. I did not use it much, for I always felt tight and uncomfortable in it, and sleepy. I always sit up late reading, with my dog Rex as my only com panion. Rex hated that ol chair, and would never lie on it, and would bark and growl at It.. One night I drew it up to the table, having some writing to do. I again noticed the pressing sensation, and felt very cold. I went to the fire. Rex was very restless, shivering and moaning. The housekeeper came in, started, and then laughed, saying "I must be half acleep, for I could have de elared I saw a man sitting in that chair." I sat reading for a long time, then rose and turned to the table. There, sitting in the chair,was an old man, with the most fiendish face possible to pic ture. He was leaning over the table, his long arms passing over it. Rex began to moan piteously. Then the thing turned and sprang on to my shoulders. I fell to the ground stunned. When I came to myself, Susan and her husband were leaning over me. 'My throat hurt me, and I found round it livid finger marks. The next day I ordered John to chop up the chair and burn'it. In the seat we discovered a secret drawer con taining a pencil sketch of the fiend I had seen,and two small mummied hands holding a pencil. Was it revenge for the sketch? 