PART II. Meanwhile, that Boy Jack, generally ashore with his mother, bud, ns luck would have it, made up his mind to stay on board thii particular night nf all others. Heartily tired nf waiting for those adven- tures, looming, large at first, but growing ever fainter ns lime went on, he, to console himself, in som« wise, had nought a "shilling shocker," dealing with scalps, and gore to an extent perfectly enthralling. And he lay on the starboard locker in the lamplight, and read, and, I grieve to say it, smoked "Old Judges," only pausing at inter- vals to mourn over the degeneracy of the commonplace days in which Providence hnd cast his lot. . Overhead he could hear Johnson stumping the deck fore and aft, and in the little galley the rattling of pots and pans, as Bralga cleared up after supper. Suddenly there fell on his ear the sound of something scraping alongside; then voices, blows, a heavy splash, and the next moment down the companion steps rushed'Johnson, the blood spurting thick from a great gash in his breast. For n minute he stood sway- ing full in the Hood of light cast by the big Rochester lamp, his ruddy Scandinavian features blanched a ghastly white, his blue eyes staring wide open. Then, without a word, he fell crashing at Jack's feet. " That will do," said a deep, stern voice, as the hood was banged to ; "that fellow's got more than he can carry. For'-ard, now, and knock the pin ont of the shackle, one of you, and let the cable slip. Come here. Louis, and give me a hand with the mains'l. Shift, you French lubbers, shift, or we'll'have a crowd off from shore before we get under way I".. Standing there, dazed, but Btill with every sense In him thrilling, he felt the cutter lean over, and heard the splash of water along her sides ; heard the creak ' of block and tackle, and the clank of winch-pawls, as the great mainsail was hoom-ended ; heard the rattle of banks upon wire stay, and knew the mainsail was going up-all these sounds coming to him as in a waking nightmare,' whilst his Axed stare never left the dead face on the floor, the dreadfully changed face that, for "Master Jack," had ever borne a pleasant smile. : Presently came a rattle at the companion door, and the same deep voice said, " Keep her head N.-i-W., until 1 see how things are' bplow.", :' ' -. ' Willi a wild look around, Jack darted into his. mother's berth. But, in a second, he was out again ; and, just as a leg landed on the first stair, he raised, the little lazu rette-hatch be-aft the cabin-table, and let himself noiselessly Into the darkness amongst the stores. " HF, lhere, on deck I" he heard the mar shout. " Open the skylight and send down a rope's end. There's one too many here Haul him up, and give him a passage' Then came a bumping nolBO that Jack knën must be made by poor Johnson's body beinu dragged on deck. Thinking that probably a search would soon be made, he got through the small door that divided the lazarette from the main hold, where, on the ballast, were stowed the water-tanks, spare sails, nud oddments. And, knowing every Inch of I hp place, he snugged away under a heap of canvas. ' None too soon ; for iii a few minutes a light Hashed into the store-room, and, peeping, Jack saw a big, bearded m.III, accompanied by a small, dark one, step nub into the hold. Swinging the lantern around, the former said, "She's only a yacht, Louis. No loot, no booty, nothing but stores more's the pity. However, it's the boat we wanted,. And she's dirt cheap at two lives I" Hight for'ard, in the bows, was the fore- castle, enslly entered from. the hold. Here, in a locker, Jack found some salt'pork, a round of fresh beef, and plenty of bread - enough provisions to last him for a week.' But at present he was far too excited to think of eating. Ali he could do was tu sit on a chest in the gloom amongst the cockroaches, and listen to the creakmgs and groanings of the cutter's timbers, as she foamed along .before a strong westerly, breeze. In front of him hung a lot of oil- skins, that swished backwards and forwards on the bulkhead with every lurch of the vessel, like a row of hanged men with sou-westers on, just discernible in the semi darkness, lit only by a single dead-light in1 the deck above, And here he thought and thought, and made plan after pian, all equally futile. By listening at the lazarette hatch he heard enough to know that the men in possession on the Buln Buln spent most of their time on deck. According to bis calculations, he had been below two days, when he made up his mind to, at all risks, discover what was going to be done with the cutter, and, if possible, to get hold of his revolver. And, at what he thought must be about midnight, with a beating heart, he slowly lifted the little hatch wide enough to keep his head up. I The "cabin was empty, and. like a llaab, he was out and into bis own berth, panting with excitement as he crouched oh his bunk,1 and felt 'with trembling fingers ' for the revolver. It was there, and ns he slipped back the breach- block and filled in the long,1 heavy 44 O.F's.-six of them-his lips set, and a warm glow of pleasure seemed, to fill his veins with fresh life and courage.' j He had left the door ajar, fastened only by a hook and eye, and by the light from the cabin lamp he saw that the place had heen well rummaged, but was unoccupied.' His tin clothes-hox lay on its side, with its contents strewed about the floor. The re ? volver he grasped so firmly was actually the only weapon on hoard, And the searchers had missed it I, . He was nearly sure, too, that the pirates, as he always called them to I himself, had nothing but their knives. Rising, he drew the curtains that hung before the door, leaving á narrow slit, through which he could see "what was'going on In the cabin. Evidently he lind ramie a mistake in the time, for the table was laid. It looked dark enough outside, but must, he now thought, be only supper time. AVhflst ne watched, the smaller man of tho pair he had seen in the hold came down with his «rms full of dishes, the appetising odour of which made Jack's stomach sore after his cold fare washed down with cold water. Presently the man with the big beard descended, and the two began to eat. "Fifty miles east of Gape York, Louis," said the Englishman, "and the breeze still holding fairly. We'll begin to make our southing through the passage soon. We've done well. But I wish we'd found Borne weapons. You see, many of the natives of the islands hereabout are not the most amiable people in tho world. Have you searched everywhere? . " Oui, mon capitaine" replied tho other," " and none anywheres do we find. No rifle, no gun, no pistolet. By gar, we have noting but de knives!" "Well, well," replied the big man, "If'.Vve can only make Tanna, I know friends there who will soon supply us. Remember, we're right in tho truck of shipping now, and must keep a very sharp look out. We're shorthanded, tnn, and it ll have to be trick and tie. But that wont matter so long ns tho weather keeps as fine ns it is..»This isn't bad rum ; very strong, though. Finished ; well then you go and relieve Auguste at tho tiller, whilst I see to the [ side-lights liarme Booie d-d steamer cuts ii-> down. Tell him to leave the rum and biscuits on the table after he's done, big i ship fash. A nip .now and »gain during these long watches won't hurt any. of us. And all the time the long barrel of Jack's revolver pointed steady as a rock across the brass catch of the door, straight for the speaker's broad breast. More than once his Anger had pressed the trigger ever so lightly. He knew he could have shot bim dead at any moment. But Auguste was ali the other end of the table. To get a fair aim at him he would have tn throw the door wide open and Are in the smoke. By that time the other pirate would he down. But for all this nice calculating of his chances be bud nearly determined to risk it, bad, indeed, raised his left band ready to push off the hook as he fired, when, his eye catch- ing sight of a small box underneath the table, a new Idea flashed iuto his brain, and he allowed the pair' to leave the cabin scatheless. Then the other scoundrel, named Auguste, came down, and Jack watched him eating, and drinking rum and water out of the big square bottle of "Mackay's Special." At last he, too, finished, cleared away the things with national neatness, and despatch, glaced a tray of- biscuits alongside the ottle, turned down the lamp, and went on deck. Like a ghost Jack slipped out, nnd fell on his knees before the medicine- cbest, lashed to ringbolts on the floor Another,minute, and be bad found what he had often been accustomed to get for his mother a good sized bottle labelled "Tinct. Opium." An- other minute, and, pouring three-parts of its contents into the runt, he was back again to his berth, ??; "That ought to put the wretches to sleep, anyhow,'.' quoth he, as he resumed his watch. " If it doesn't, well, then, I will have to sboot, and chance it. But I'd sooner take 'era alive. I wonder if the stuff'll taste the rum too much f " This question was soon answered. The big Englishman, coming in, poured out half a tumblerful, added a little water, and drank the lot ult kb a gulp, smacked his Hps doubt- fully, shook his head, took another dose without water, appeared satisfied,* and returned to the deck. One after the other, at intervals, the Frenchmen entered and helped themselves Louis liberally, Auguste In moderation. The spirit wan strong, fiery, and many degrees over-proof. But the laudanum had evidently given it a " twang," for Louis, HS he drank, muttered " Sacrist! I " and Lonnerre de dieu 1 " whilst Auguste exclaimed, " Dam le rhum I it burn, and taste not anyhow I " and made extraordinary faces, at which, anxious and excited as he was, Jack grinned. It was a fine starlight night, and a cool hreeze struck his hot cheeks refreshingly. Alongside the tiller lay the body of a man. The cutter, had jibed, and the great main sail, coming up in the wind, again threatened every minute tu tiring the boom hack,. Stooping, Jack Baw that the prostrate figure was that of the Frenchman, Louis, But; where were the others ? Could the boom have swept them overboard? Seizing the tiller, he put it hard up, slipping the rope uxed for the purpose over its head. As be turned his face for'ard he saw a form come towards him, out of a dark patch of shadow hythe galley. Stealthily, hut with uncer- tain footsteps, it approached, until. Jack recognised Auguste evidently suffering from! the effects of the opiate, but,not quite over- come. In his hand the lad could see a long bright knife. Doubtless the Frenchman had been watching for some time, for he came on muttering wildly and Incoherently, hut plainly meaning mischief. He had reached the skylight, and. with a hoarse . sro wi of, race, and knife uplifted, was gathering him-. self together for a rush, when Jack, taking steady aim over his wrist. Hr ed, smashing his shoulder, and the fellow went down like a dog, and writhed on the deck, mpaning, and saying lots of things that the lad, although his father paid five, pounds a year extra for his French, could make nothing of. However, running across, he took the knife, and Billed it overboard, saying, .'.Where's the other man-the big man with .the beard?" * .. .\ " Oh, oh 1 " groaned the other, " bous m'avez tue I Oh I Mon epaule I ". " Bother Paul I " replied Jack fiercely, putting his pistol to the fellow's bead, and keeping a wary look out on all sides. "I didn't ask you for his name. Where is he, I want tn know ? No gammon now ! You can speak English all right, because I've heard youl" " The capitaine, ra'sler ?". replied the. other, between his groans nnd exclamations.; "De .boom Bweep him over de board. I fora rd ; he stan' on de skylight, dere, as Louis fall at de tiller. He give a cry, hut, not come up never no more. Ah, Oli-l I I die 1 " and he rolled over .quite slilt, "I don't think you're dead," remarked Jack,." and If you are it's only one for poor, old Johnson and Bralga." Then, after giving; the fellow at the tiller a kjck to make sure; that he wasn't shamming, he went for'ard, Unger on trigger, as far as. the little fore-; castle. But there was no one there. Jack' was master of the Buln Buln, with his hands' very full indeed. Returning, he unrove the signal-halliards and tied up Louis scientifically, not quite certain whether he was alive or dead. Auguste had bled a good deal, and wits in- sensible, or shamming. So Jack, . after roughly bandaging his shoulder, tied him up also. Not for nothing had he helped to rope colts in Buln Buln branding-yards., And be told himself he couldn't alford to throwaway chances. Then for the first time he looked around and out-board. To his surprise there was high land looming up on either Bide. In fact, the Buln Buln seemed beading directly foran island port. Jumping to the main sheet, Jack, exerting all his strength, at last got the boom amidships. Only that the wind had almost completely died away he could never have managed this. Then, letting go throat and peak and gaff topsail halliards, down came all the cutter's canvas by the run, and she rested nearly stationary. For some time past Jack, amidst all the hurry, bustle, and excitement, hud been dimly conscious of hearing a dull churning noise somewhere in air or sea. Now taking a spell and looking astern, he saw, through the darkness, A great green eye shining. Closer and closer came the measured, throb- bing like the hurried panting of some sea monster, whose dim bulk he could just dis- cern against the stars. - A Bteamer 1 Arid Jack yelled and shouted with joy, and fired oif all the chambers of his revolver in quick succession, sounding like stockwhip cracks ou the. cool air of the tropical morning. ïhere was a musical jangling bf helli I somewhere, the churning ceased, and, before he realised it, the great mass was gi kl inp gently up, and hailing, " Gutter ahoy I Wbai are you doing there, acting the goat, right lr the fair way ? Olearjout r An urder euipha sised by a long blast of her syren. " I want help 1" shouted Jack, with n quaver in his voice, as the echoes died away, '. I've got two pirates here? They stole oui cutter, and-;" but here the long, heavy strain began to tell, and, despite bis Htruggles, he broke down a little and choked. In a minute a great bright light flared out on board the steamer, showing her towering black sides lined with faces from for'ard right aft; throwing the little cutter into strong relief, and disclosing Jack standing on the skylight, revolver in hand ; below bim, on the deck, tho senseless bodies of the two men, one lying in a dark pool of blood-a picture, while ft lasted, as dramatic as the most exacting artist could desire. "Lowtir away the gig, and pass a line aboard to tow me cutter 1" And very quickly Jack and his captives were got aboard the Q.S.Nr Oo.'s steamer Arafura : the bells dunged again, away down in the engine-room, and, with the Buln Buln cutting two big ridges of foam behind her, the big boat set her uoso north-about for the Gulf. And as Jack, very pale and faint, but striving mightily nob bo break down, stood in the salnun amidst a crowd of passengers, who seemed to be all talking to him at ance, a very familiar voice said, in tones of such utter astonishment as made a silence, ""Well, I'm damned, if it isn't that hoy Jack !"? ? I It took all the surgeon of the Arafura's ' skill to restore ihe drugged mun, Louis, to consciousness, so nearly had JD ck, as he phrased it, " put a set on him." Indeed, the pair of rasrnl« were but. in pour plight when transferred to .the Normanville hospital, whence they eventually: eniergpd to, in absence of actual proof of minder, serve life -sentences. .??.»%;<.. >'... . ,.« "»v". >r If Afr, Davpy was astonished at the meet- ing, he was en null y as proud when he came to hear thu full particulars of hlsson'a adven- ture. '. ...... And, of course, Jack was thc hero of the hour with all the " Arafuras,"from the cap- tain to the cook's mate. But he put.on no " side "-not even ns much - as he was fairly entitled to, and was, I t hink, prouder by far of his father's simple " Good Ind I good lad !" and his hand-grip,nsof one man wit h another, than of nil the praise, petting, and admira- tion he received on every side when familiar in people's mouths as household words throughout the far north became the story of .' That Boy Jack." ; A BAIN TREK,-In one of the Canary Isles there is a tree of the laurel family that rains down occasionally in the early evening quite a copious shower of water drops from its tufted foliage. This water often collects at the foot of the tree and forms a kind of pond from which the inhabitants ' of the neigh- bourhood can supply themselves with a drinking -beverage that is. absolutely- fresh and pure. The water comes out of the tree itself through' innumerable little pores' situated at the margin of the leaves. It issues from the plantai vapour during the day-time when'the heat is sufficiently great to preserve it In thrçt,condition : but In. the evening, when the temperature has lowered very much, a considerable quantity bf it is' exuded-in the shape of liquid drops that collect upon the leaves, which bend down; under their increasing weight until the angle: nf repose is disturbed, when thedr'nps tumble; off on the ground below In a verliuhle shower.; The Dakota, Montuna, and Wyoming are the States in which tim mimi, wonderful; specimen of American, reptile is found, a a snake which Is alli« tn mimic the cull of, any of the bini family. Ona which- Mime: Government naturalists were watching imitated the call ol' tile Bull Willie to perfection. While the serpent was , under surveillance il coiled Hi-elf up in the long prairie grans, swelled.the parts about the, head and neck Hi twice their usual size, and, emitted severa) hird calls as plainly as the feathered /musicians themselves could have: done. . - ... ,?. .,-' '?,..-. . ;. 