Haunted House. Ghost now Silent. The village of Edithweston, about 5½ miles from Stamford, has been the scene of a re- markable and at present unexplained phenomenon, and the whole of the district has been aroused. In one of the houses in the village loud and at times most uproarious noises have been heard at all times of the day and night, the sounds resembling those which would result from the knocking and banging of doors; and, notwithstanding the fact that the closest investigations had been made by persons of all ranks in society, there is up to the present moment no apparent reason for the noises. The majority of the inhabitants of the village, it would appear, are firmly of opinion that the sounds are of ghostly origin. Thorough and pro- longed investigations have been carried out by large numbers of people from the village and the adjacent parishes, and by many persons from the neighbouring town of Stamford. These investigations have been made amongst others by doctors, clergymen, journalists, schoolmasters, police officers, and other men who are accustomed to attach to evidence its proper value; but although of course the solution of the problem may eventually be found to be perfectly natural, the whole affair is up to the present moment a complete mystery. The kuocks have been heard over and over again in broad day light by groups of men who were stand- ing within a yard or two of the door. Occasionally the sounds would come apparently from the inside of a small cup board, which has been opened immediately afterwards, but without any discovery to throw any light on the remarkable occur- rences. In numerous instances the sounds have been heard 150 yards away. It seems to be quite out of the question to believe that the noises are the result of prac- tical joking, or the perpetrators must in evitably have been caught before this, One of the doors of the house had recently been varnished, and one day loud and repeated knocks were heard, but the most careful examination immediately after- wards to see if marks could be found on the varnish or on the wood-proved to be futile. A Stamford correspondent has interviewed a large number of the inhabitants of Edith- weston and the neighbourhood, and his inquiries clearly show in the first place that nearly every person in the parish hass heard the knocks over and over again, and in the second place that no one can give a reasonable explanation of them. [Later information is that on the appearance of a London newspaper man the spook refused to operate any more. —Ed. W.] 