CHAPTER V. oriana's message. The morning after his meeting with Oriana, Rigel strayed away from the terrace of the Castle into the gardens, when coming to a broad plateau he was suddenly confronted by a magnificent view lying boneath and beyond him, of wide- stretching valleys, . with their homesteads and villages backed by woodlands, the whole enriched by the Rhobell, the Snow don, and the Cader Idris mountains towering against the clear blue-grey of the distant horizon. He looked over the land with searching eyes. Far as he could see it all belonged to Philip; not a soul who lived in those valleys and tilled the soil but paid him a rental that holped to swell his incomo to thirty thousand a year—an immense sum, surely, for one individual. At that moment Philip, practical and orderly as he was in all tilings, was going over his accounts with the agent. His mornings were entirely devoted to business. Regularly as clockwork thestoward called on certain days for consulta tions with the new baronet, whom he found as shrewd as bis predecessor. Rigel was therefore free to spend as he pleased the hours between breakfast and lunch. Duriug the early days of his stay he had delighted in wandering about and examining the Castle, traversing passages hung with tapes tries that sometimes concealed locked doors, entering quaint suites of drawing-rooms shrouded in liolland, and containing strangely carved furniture, spinets that had given no sound for centuries, spindle-leggod card tallies where fortunes bad been lost and won, and spotted mirrors that bad reflected the beauty of the women of his house. ' Entering these silent apartments, through whose shuttered windows faint and shadowy lights gained a grudged admission, in whose atmosphere the smell of dried rose leaves still lingered, it seemed to Rigel as if ho had stepped into bygone ages and mingled with a past that had little in common with the present. And so strong did this impression gain upon him, that on opening one of these heavy oak doors ho would not have been sur prised to have come upon a company of ghosts in hoop and powder, in silken hose and satin breeches, with waving fan and enamolled snuff box in hand, their high-heeled shoes and dangling swords clinking on the waxed floor, as they curtsied profoundly or trod the stately measure of a dance. The place that most impressed him, how ever, was the picture gallery that ran along the whole western side of the Castle, and con tained little else save family portraits. Here were statesmen and soldiers, courtiers who had been favourites of a king, admirals that had won famous victorios. _ And with them were their wives in every variety of costume, belong ing to every reign. _ Thov were all his ancestors; lie liarl sprung from them—their blood was in his veins. He could not help feeling impressed by the pride of ancestry; by the knowledge that through a long line of illustrious men he could traoo his family until its origin was lost in prehistoric times. Nor could he help admitting to him self that since his arrival at Redcliffe Castle his impressionable mind had undergone some change. For the first time he had entered one of the magnificent homes for which Great Britain is famed ; ho had experienced its manifold com forts, and had admired thosimplo dignity of its order. Ilis love of luxury was gratified by the statoly rooms he inhabited, by the massive silver of the table service, hv the surroundings that everywhere bore evidence of an ancient splendour, by the loyalty of the service given by those whose forbears had for generations been servants of his race. The stable with its horses was at his service; the fine old library invited him to explore its unknown riches; an excellent cook added something to tho enjoyment of life. And every one lie encountered, tenant or towns man, treated him with friendly respect—for to them lie was a scion of a family connected with and served hv tliera for centuries. All this was widely different from anything lie expe rienced a month ago, from what ho would again know in a few weeks. In a great city he would ho one amongst a crowd, for whom no special consideration would ho shown. Thero would bo no home life for him. He would live in a second-rate boarding-house, sit at table beside any man or woman who could pay for a meal, he served by a.slip-shod waiter with soiled linen and dirty nails to dishes tho poverty of whose quality would he concealed under a richness of seasoning. Ho would ride on a tramcar or a 'bus. Truo, lie need no longer struggle for daily bread, as the three hundred a year ^Jie inhe rited would support and allow him to choose what work ho pleased. But what was three hundred a year in comparison with thirty thousand and such a house as Redcliffe Castle? With a smile of self-pity ho remembered the idea instilled into his youthful mind hv his poor foolish father—that ho, Rigel, would one day inherit hisuncle's title and property ; and that for a moment he allowed his imagination to dwell on what might have been. With a pardonable pride he felt assured he would do justice to tho position. _ Philip hardly looked tho part. Ho had no dignity, and ho scarcely appreciated his surroundings, perhaps because he had been used to thorn all his life. Whp.t a piece of ill-luck it was that Sir David had married a second time, that Philip had ever been born; in fact, that he, Rigel, was not lord and master of Redcliffe Castle. How different he would make tho place if ft wore his. He pictured to himself the wains ooating of tho vast hall reflecting the ruddy glow from great log fires in winter time; the drawing-rooms stripped of their holland cover ings and brilliant with innumerable wax lights; the ballroom crowded with gay dancers; the dinincr table surrounded by beautiful women and distinguished men; and he, the master of all, able to direct their pleasures and follow his own by reason of his va9t income. Alas! all this was but a dream—a dangerous dream—which had better be banished from his mind. But so forcibly 'hod it taken possession of him this morning that, without heeding where be went, he had wandered out of the garden into the shrubberiesand down into the valley. As he still mechanically took his way along a narrow path a shrill sharp cry fell upon his ears, when turning to the right from where he believed it to have come he found himself close by the great jutting "Boulder which ho rightly inferred was the Devil's Head. As he looked upwards he caught sight of a woman's figure standing in what seemed a perilous position, and waving something in her hand. Instantly he recognised the figure as that of Oriaua Claypolo, and1 remained stationary in his wonder at seeing and hearing her call to him. Before lie could move she called to him again, and then began to descend. This not only surprised but startled him; for it seomed dangerous that she should rush down an appa rently trackless declivity. He shouted and raised his hands by way of begging her to go back, but if she heard or saw she took no notice of him, but continued her way, now running a few steps as if impelled forward, again pausing to grasp at shrubs, and making wide circuits as if following a path. He hur ried forward and reached the point of her descent as breathless, flushed, and no longer able to coutrol herself she rushed into "his arms, where he held her whilst her heart beat tumultuously against his own. Then she raised her eyes to his slowly. For a 6ocond he was aware that their pupils dilated with a sense of sudden, uncontrolled joy, that lie was conscious his own reflected. Then swiftly an expression of confusion and dismay spread itself over her face and he relaxed his hold. " Pray forgive me," sho ■ stammered, in evident embarrassment. "I thought it was Philip; I did not realize until this instant that it was you." " We are about the same height and build," lie answered, anxious to cover her eoufusion— " and seen from a distance" "Yes, that was it; I ought to havo looked, but I dared not take my eyes from the path," Oriana said. _ " Was it not dangerous to run down to the side -of that precipice?" ho asked, desiring to give the conversation another topic. "Not so much as it would seem. Tliero,is a patli that I know pretty well. I havo often run down the Devil's Head before now," she replied, laughingly. _ , By this time sne had partially recovered her composure and was walking beside him with that graceful, gliding motion he had admired on seeing her enter her drawing-room the pre vious evening. Exercise had heightened her colour, giving an exquisite rose tint to tlio snowy fairness of her skin. Rich furs were round her throat, and on her head was a cap of sable which she wore with a3 much dignity as if were a crown. Beneath it the doep red of her hair rippled back to whore it was wound in a simple coil. "The Devil's Head is a favourite spot of mine," she said. '' On sum rnor days I sit there for hours." " Reading?" "Dreaming." " Of what?" Rigel enquired. " The Impossible," replied Oriana. "To you everything should be possible," he remarked, without a trace in his voice of that flippant flattery which the words might have conveyed if spoken by another. " Why do you say that?" " Because, if I am not much mistaken, you have a strong and persistent will; and my belief is that such a will can invariably gain its wish." " If that were only true," she said m a low, eager voice that seemed full of anxious wist fuincss. "A serious thought is never lost; for good or evil it affects ourselves; it affects those around us. Add desire to it, and you give it vitality, just as when a soul is added to a body it exists. And once this thought lives, it labours to fulfil its mission, to gain its ends." "If that were really so" she said, as if absorbed in viewing some imaginary picture. " What would happen in your case?" ho asked. "Strange things," she answered gravely. "I feel sure that no man ever achieved his position, wealth, or ambition who did not ardently and persistently long for it; before gaining his desire it dominated his life." " It is a strange theory," said Oriana. " But does it not seem foasible?" " If it were true every man would win his wis))," "Not at all; it is not every one who has sufficient strength of will or sufficient patience to persist in his desire. The majority abandon their longingB as useless whan not imme diately gratified ; a thousand now wishes that in turn fall stillborn are allowed to usurp the place of one dominant longing. Some day mankind will realize that thought may be as powerful as action." A sudden, indescribable light came into Oriana'e eyes as she turned them to him and asked— " Have you gained your desires?" For a second the unexpected question startled him. "Not yet," ho answered. " And do you yet dream of obtaining them?" "Your cry roused mo from an old dream just now. But tell me," Rigel went on hur riedly lest sho might make further enquiries, " why the Devil's Head is a favourite place of yours? Is it because of the viow it gives of the hills and valleys?" ' "No, no. I hate thorn," sho answered promptly. "Can you understand a person having a feeling of antagonism towards inani mate thing6? Well, I have come to detest the valleys, because their poacefulness is an eternal reproach to my own restlessness, and I loathe their chain of mountains because it shuts me in from the world. Yet it's some thing ill the view that attracts me; but you would never guess what it is." "Then tell mo," said Rigel, who was in tensely interested in her words. "The sight of the roads." " The roads?" " Yes, they fascinate mo. Up there you can see them for milos and miles as they wind through the valleys and cross the hills, stretching away towards cities where life is lived. I sit and watch them for hours; I travel by them in imagination, and thoj' lead me by strange ways to the surging world beyond, where there is freedom for mind and heart, where the fulness of life may be lived." Her words were uttered with increasing rapidity; her manner had become agitated. " Want of experience leads you to overlook the fact that great cities are centres of terrible miseries; that for many men and innumerable women within their walls life is a prolonged tragedy. Thousands who began their career in innocence ond with fair prospects are now weighed down by intolerable burdens of wrong, of crirao. of shamo, of sorrow, of remorse; and to them the peace that frets you would seem as the heaven they once dreamt qfcbut now despair of entering." "But they have lived their lives," she said passionately. " They know." " And their knowledge is their heaviest burden." Oriana sighed impatiently, while Rigel re mained silent. Her words had saddened him, for lie recognised in the imagination thercBtless liess and the longing she expressed, tho_ dan gerous temperament that makes a genius or ruins a life. Ho had known two individuals cursed with such a spirit: one who lived in . the full sunshine of the world's fame, the other .who had died impenitent, rebellious, and for saken in a hospital wardmisery was the lob alike of her who was envied and of her who had been despised. He assured himself it was well that Oriana would soon have a husband's love &ud; care to guard her, the stronghold of a home to secure her from a peril that was most danger ous because coming from within. " When you are married you can indulge your taste for travelling," Rigel remarked, "and see the wide world if you will." ' "Philip hates travelling," she replied quickly. " He dislikes cities, and thinks there is no^ place in the world like this prison. But that is merely one of many things on which we differ." *' You can influence him." "I doubt that, for he has such a stubborn will." " I am surd he will do all he can to make you happy," said Rigel. who became more and more anxious concerning her future. "So I am, for be is kind and good; but it may not be in hiB power. _ There are soma people who with all their willingness to serve cannot please us. It is not their fault, nor ours; it is the lack of that bond wcspokeof last evening, that want of response to our in most selves. And that makes all the difference in the world." Rigel made no reply; he feared to tread on dangerous ground. " Philip tells me," she said after a moment's pause, "that you are going to stay some time." "He asked me to remain as long as I liked." # • "Then I hope you will not quickly tire of us." " I trust you will not find me guilty of such bad taste." . . "I expected to see him this morning," Oriana remarked. " He was engaged with his agent when I. came out." " He is terribly practical. I wished to give him this note," Bhe said, taking from her pocket the envelope she had waved to Rigel from the Devil's Head. " If you will trust it to me I will give it to Philip." As she handed it to him he glanced at the direction written in a thin scrawling band, its capitals adorned with flourishes. "It's not mv writing," Oriana said laugh ingly. "It doesn't seem characteristic of you," Rigel commented. " My character is a puzzle, even to myself. Do you know," she said with sudden impul siveness, "I think I could be very good, or the other thing." " It's so with most of us. Saints are few," Rigel observed. " I have always given the martyrs a higher place. 1' pity all who suffer, especially when their suffering comes from within. Theirs is the greatest pain." « There was something in her words, pathetic in themselves, that spoke of an intimate know ledge of suffering. Ho looked at her as she walked bw-ido him, radiantly healthy, per fectly beautiful, and he wondered what the cause could be that had given a note of per sonal expression to her words. Was it that when too late to break it she had found her engagement to Philip distasteful? " Prom what you say I imagine it's better to be a saint than a martyr," said Rigel, striving to give a light turn to the conversation. " What if the martyrdom were forced upon you? But sec," she added abruptly as they caught sight of lier home, "how far I have brought you. I did not think wo were within miles of the cottage. I t's such a relief to talk to some one; only don't judge me by every thing I say. I will not ask you to come any further. Good day, and pray come and soe me very soon." She shook hands with him in a rapid nervous manner, and hurried away before lie could reply. He stood for a couple of seconds watching her figure with its graceful upright carriage boforo returning. Her conversation, that suggested more than it expressed, per plexed him. A haunting sense of her restless ness, some suspicion of the violent emotions underlying her nature, aroused his anxiety. And now she had loft him he remembered the impression of fear she had given him the pre vious evening. She occupied his thoughts during hi§ homeward walk. On entering the Castle lie met Philip, and handed him the note, stating who had given it to liirn. As he mentioned Onana's name an expression of displeasure came into his face, " Did you meet her by appointment?" lio asked'abruptly, suspicion in his keen, bluo eyes. "Rigel looked at him in surprise. "We met by accident," he answered, turn ing away. His reply seemed to modify tho baronet's temner. " Look hero," he called out: " she has made her father return the cheque I sent him this morning. By Jove, that must have gone against his grain, and he laughed heartily. 