SIR GEORGE SHENTON'S DEPARTURE. SEND-OFF BY MEMBERS OF . ,. PARLIAMENT. ' Yesterday, on the eve of his departure on a pleasure trip to England, Sir George Shenton (President of the Legislative Council) was tendered a very hearty send off by members of the Legislative Council and Assembly. The gathering took place in the Legislative Council buildings, St. George's-terrace, and the chair was taken by Mr. E. H. Wittenoom, the Minister for Mines and Leader of the Upper House. 'Among those present, in addition to the guest, were the Premier (Sir John Forrest), Messrs. H. Briggs, F. T. Crowder, C. E. Dempster, J. W. Hackett, D. K. Congdon, S.H. Parker, F. M. Stone, D. McKay, J. E. Richardson, M's.L.C. C. Harper, H.W. Venn, J. J. Higham, F. C Monger, A. Forrest, R. F. Sholl, H. W. Sholl, F. Illingworth, G. Leake, M's.LA., and Critchett Parker. The Minister for Mines, in opening the proceedings, said that they had met to- gether to wish ion voyage to the worthy President of the Legislative Council, and to tell him they hoped he would have a pleasant trip. Sir George, as the President, had always taken a very sleep interest iu the Legislative Council, and b4 had taken care of its position and looked after its honour, working to the best oí bia ability to see that everything was carried out in a proper manner. The position Sir George occupied was a difficult one, and the way the President had filled the Chair was appreciated hy them all. Sir George had presided over their delibera- tions with satisfaction to them all, and had iarried oat his duties conscientiously. It dad .been intended to have had a larger gathering in honour of the President, but several members of both Houses had found it impossible to attend, those who had sent apologies for their non-attendance being Mr. F. H. Piesse, Mr. E. Solomon, Mr. A. B. Kidson, and Mr. W. Spencer. It was a matter for congratulation to have Sir George as a representative of the colony in Xondon, not only because he was their President, but because he was such a repre- sentativo man, because he was thoroughly np in the history of the colony and in its present resources. His visit would do a (treat deal of good to the colony. They needed thoroughly advertising, and noth- ing bnt beneficial results could accrue from the visits of men in such positions as their President, connected as he was with so tnany companies and institutions, which showed that he possessed the confidence of the people amongst whom he lived. Bia career had been a distinguished one, for they saw him as mayor, as chairman of the Western Australian Bank, as a mem- ber 6f the Government, and latterly as the President of the Legislative Council. Sir George's hospitality was also proverbial, sncl they all wished Sir George and Lady Shenton a most pleasant trip to the old Country. (Hear, hear.) Sir Geo. Shenton was cheered on rising to reply. He said that he deeply felt tho honour which had been dono him, and he appreciated their kindness. Of course, it was not easy to please everybody, and it was vary gratifying to know ¡that as Presi- dent of the Legislative Council he had given satisfaction "generally. He had to thank members of' the Council for their loyalty to their President even when differ- ing from him. He waB also proud of the good feeling which had always existed be- tween the members and the President. He had now been President; for over four years and never had there been any unpleasant- ness between any member of the Council and himself. (Hear, hear.) He had al- ways aimed to do what he considered fair and right to everyone, and, being Western Australian born, he tried to give as much »t His spare time as possible to the institu- tions connected with the colony, taking an interest in everything that "took place there. He was now going away on a short pleasure trip, and his thanks were du*, to ¿them, for he could not have gone this year had it not been: for their kindness in granting him leave of absence. While in England and other parts he would do what he could for Western Australia, and, being interested in several large financial institutions, he might be able to throw a little light upon the darkness which existed at the present time in several quarters as to Western Australia. He hoped to see those clouds of darkness drift away and a little sunshine take their place. It. seemed to him desirable that men Occupying prominent positions here should at times go home to England. He had been appealed to by people in England, asking how it was that their leading financiera and politicians did not visit England oftener-as the prominent men ¡H the other colonies did-because then the- publie would have an opportunity of meeting them and discussing financial ¡matters with them.' True, last year, this neglect waa got over to some extent, for Mr. Leake and others visited England, but the practice was not so general as it should be. The closer the ties between the oolonies and England were drawn the better it would be for everybody» He was a believe in federation, and he looked upon touch visits as one way of hastening its ac- complishment. The colony, he felt sure, bad a bright future before it. There might be clouds of depression at times, but it could not be said that during the last five or six years they had experienced much depression here. He rejoiced that Western ?Australia was to be represented by the Premier at the approaching celebrations in > «connection with the Queen's diamond jubilee. (Hear, hear.) With the other colonies represented by their premiers, it "would have been a disgrace had Western 'Australia not been able to be represented Ijy'Sir John Forrest, who would be able to remove a great many doubts in the minds of financial people in England &b; to the ?security of tenure in connection with in- vestments in Western Australia. It would ?be- easy to prove to the London investor that things here were hardly as bad as they Ve» painted, and that the Government of the colony were willing to do all in their bower to encourage proper investments in the colony. (Hear, hear.) The Minister for Mines proposed the toast of the Legislative Assembly. The Premier, on rising to reply, was Very cordially greeted. He said that he had to thank them for the opportunity of taking part in the send-off to their fellow colonist. Sir George Shenton must feel very honoured with the great kindness .which had been Bhown him from all J>ar£s of Perth and all sections of the community. He carried with him the good wishes of all. For many years Sir George had occupied a very prominent position in the commercial world. For many years, almost a life-time, he had been & member of the Legislature ; and it must be encouraging to anyone who had taken toarb, or who desired to take part in public life to find that those who devoted them eelves to the service of their country did not go without their reward. They secured the appreciation of those amongst whom they lived*, which was the greatest of Bil rewards. The spontaneous gatherings of Thursday and that day must convince Sir George that his work in this com- munity was recognised. For the Assembly, although it was said they were about to die, afe anyTate they believed they would eise again. There was a good dead of life yet in the members of the Assembly, and although it had been said that they were completely demoralised, he did not think they were going to ?giV* up the ghost, or that they were to be prevented from trying to do their duty to the country. They all, he believed, posed as patriots. He was glad to find that in the Legislative Council there was a small section which tried to arrogate to itself if he might use that term-the position of « patriotic party. All he wished for that ¿party was every success, if they would only carry out patriotic measures. They aU desired to be patriotic, and they tried to lo their duty to their country. They lived tere, were citizens of this country, and it teould,not be supposed they were so foolish w-look at the -question from the meanest \- ©f ,Wew-that they would ruin the country when all their interests were centred here, cr that they would bring disaster upon their ¡families. Even if their measures were a little is- advance of the times, their object was to promote the advancement oftbie country, and looking back upon the past six years, no one could say that the Parliament of this country-the Legisla- tive Council and the Legislative Assembly -had not been patriotic. They had brought this country from a position of in- significance up to a position of great im- portance. They had transformed it from a place that was unknown into a place that was now well known throughout the civilised world, a place to which the financiers of London had turned their attention. Its revenue had also increased from ¿6400,000 to ¿£2,500,000 in the space of sir years. (Hear, hear.) A network of railways had also been established over the colony, great telegraphic facilities had also been provided, a large mining population had been encomaged, and they had turned out over ¿£3,000,000 of gold. (Hear, hear.) If that was not being patriotic he did not know what was. He was glad to bslong to the patriotic party-the patriotic party of this country, not of the Legislative Council. During these six memorable years of self-government he had been en- abled to take a share in the great advance- ment that had been made. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, the - Premier wished Sir George Shenton a pleasant trip and a safe return, so that he would be able to con- tinue his good work in the interests of the country. Sir George Shenton proposed the health of the Chairman (Mr. Wittenoom). The_ relations between the Leador of the Legislative Council and the President had, he said, always been of the most amicable kind. T ie Minister had always done what he. could, to help the President, and had proved himself an able and efficient officer, not only as a Minister in that House, but also in presiding over the various depart- ments entrusted to him. At one time the whole of Australia was criticising the Post and Telegraph Department of Western Australia, but now no complaints were heard. The duplication of the line to South Australia had been earned out most expeditiou3ly, and reforms in the depart- ment had been initiated. In the Mines Department Mr. Wittenoom had a still moro difficult task, but he had proved him- self a most able and efficient servant of the State. (Hear, hear). * Mr. Wittenoom having briefly and suitably replied, the proceedings olosed: 