REFORM LEAGUES. Wlmtever ilie reforms needed in a eonimuniiy may be, tliey uiaj' be broadly divided into two classes; Some can be put into direct operation by as inan3' or as few individuals as want thorn, without waiting for anyone else to fall into line. Others reauire a consensus of public opinion and dctenniuation for their accoinplishuieut. There arc very few indeed, if any, which would neces sarily fall under the latter category if it were not for the operation of privileges of one kind and another, which mean, of course, restrictions on soniehody in favor of the party privileged. Thus, the workers who wish to see a better state of things with regard to produc tion and distribution and the enjoyment of resources, are not well able to give effect to their wishes at present, because they are excluded from the things necessary for the purpose by the operation of social institutions resting or the consensus of uucdueatud public opiniou, which sanctions the wrong through inability to dissect supposed first principles and separate wliat is true in tfiein from what is false. Either those on Hie relatively privileged side must be imbued with the same idea of reform, in order that the proper opportunities may bo presented for working it out oh the small scale, or else an irresistible force must lie brought to bear to subvert the iKOpopolies which bar the way — this force beiag most obviously the absolute refusal of an etfcctive .majority to sanction or tolerate them any longer, and usually expressed as legislation which the masses are prepared to mnintaiu by force, though the forms, of legi.slatiou are not always necessary to place matters on a satisfactory footing. Unfortunately, where tho necessity for an affirmation of the public resolve is greatest, .that is to say in matters of actual statute law, the public are generrlly in about as good a position to size things up and come to tho point as if they were down a coal mine and the laws wore on tho other side of the moon Tlie generality of laws arc such that though anyone is liable to he affected by thoui, they actuat.ly nffccl. only a minority specifically. The hnv is, for instance, that the printer of a book or pamphlet containing more tbaii one slicct must place his full imprint on tiic first and the last leaf, and if ho puts, say "Blank Street" instoud of "No. 1111 Blank Street" in one of these places, or supposes he is all riglit in putting a single imprint at the end, ns in a newspaper, he may be fined twent.y pounds or sent to gaol for six moiith.s, and must bo fined nut less than five pounds, or imprisoned for not less than three months. It cannot be alleged that the ijublio are any. the better or worse for a printer's name and addre.«s, any more than for tho name and uddrcss of the clerk or office boy who .jsicchanically reproduces a hoktographod bryclostyled circular, or duplicates a draper's invoice with the familiar carbon paper. Tlio only persons direclly affected arc tlie unfortunate person who prints, and tho private or official person who nmy choose to porseeuto liiin. There are .scores of other laws equally impertinent and absurd, which would affect the majority instead of sncli minorities, liad they not fallen into disuse and oblivion, except when some schemer unearths them for a particular purpose. Such are, for instance, the laws relating to Sunday, the greater part of which are utterly nnkuowii even to most of tho lawyers ! Under those laws both tho Sunday papers could lie suppressed, tho vendors punished, and wc believe also the people who buy tiiem could be given a very hot time. Tlie carpenter who mends the leg of his own kitchen table on Sunday is a desperate criminal, and the barber wlio shaves himself or brusiics his hair on that day should quake and tremble. These are after all only small examples. Such laws may be practically as dead as Julius CiBsar, but tiiey are rarely admitted to be so when it is a question of niakiiig them a pretext for injuring somebody, until public attoiitioii is focuBScd upon them and public feeling enlisted against them. How is this to be done ? f every man wore broiiglit under the direct operation of sucli laws all tho time, a week would finish tho whole business. Tho difficulty is that tho reverse is tlio case ; tho laws remain laws just because they have virtually ceased to be i>ws, or they coiitijjuc Rpplicablo to anybody just because they are mostly applied to nobody ; they live because tliey are dead. Only two ways seem to lead out of the difficulty | the one is for people who see what is amiss to deliberately break these laws whenever they can (of course so as to do no real wrong), at tlic same tluio calling special attention to tlie fact, and for the requisite support to bo rallied around them to see them through the troubles they are likely to draw upon themselves till the end is attained ; and the other way is for theiii to baud together to wake the people up by forcing laws into action upon all and sundry till the same result is achieved. Tho former method appears on the face of it tho more manly and reasonable j even judges have said from tlie bench that it may he a truer act of citizenship to violate the law in certain circum stances than to conform to it ; but that does not prevent the imposition of pain? and penalties, and even wore there iione, the course is illegal and pould iiot be advocated or carried out by jjiyr- abiding suujects. The otiier way is a bit canny, and perfectly legal. " If you are content to let this be tho law, then have it. We will abide by it while you do, but by tliiiiider, yon shall .abide by it to the very letter !" It is tljo policy which the plutocracy have always adopted with regard to labor legislation —aided by the fact that thsy have been able to manipulate the bills in Parlia ment witb a view to taking thai course — .whenever they have had ,tlis ghost of a chance. It niay not bo a nice way, but it would be possible to provide for taking off tho rough edge by those who organised to sot the law in motion organising also to compensate the victims smitten for tho general good. There is material here for our readers to think over, and again wo say, as we said lust week, we shall return to the subject, and shall meanwhile be glad to hear from those who feel interested. 