THE QUEENS DIAMOND JUBILEE. * J SERVICE FOR SUNDAY, JUNE 20. J The form of thanksgiving. and prayer j authorized by the Anglican Bishop of Ade- j laide for Sunday, June 20, is practically 1 indentical with that to be adopted at- similar services in England. The " Te Deum" is set to music composed by the late Prince Consort, and the anthem will be that prepared for iubilee services in Westminster ten years ago. The first hymn, "To Thee, our God, we fly," is iu "Hymns, Ancient and Modern," but "God of Nations/' by G. Childs Clarke, is been composed for the occasion. One of the principal prayers is as follows:— "Almighty God, who rulest over all the kingdoms of the world, and disu-eest of them according, to Thy good pleasure, we yield Thee unfeigned thanks, for that Thou wast" pleased, as on this day, to place Thy servant, our Sovereign Lady, Queen Victoria, upon the throne of this realm. Let Thy wisdom be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her; let ustice, truth, and holiness, let peace and ove, and all those virtues that adorn the Christian profession flourish • in her days;, direct all her counsels and endeavours to Thy glory and the welfare of her people; and give* us grace to obey her cheerfully . and willingly for conscience sake: that neither our sinful passions, nor our private interests, may disappoint her cares for the public good ; let her always possess the hearts of her people, that they may never be' wanting in honour to her person, and dutiful submission to her authority; let ber reign be long and prosperous, anil crown, her with immortality in the life to come; through Jesus Christ our Lerd. Amen." .' The following prayers and thanksgivings are also in the form:— " Almighty God, we humbly, offer unto Thy Divine Majesty our prayersand hearty thanksgivings for our gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, unto whom Thou hast accomplinhed full sixty years of Sovereignty. We praise Thee that through Thy grace she hath kept the charge Thou gavest her in the day when Thou Holy help and defend widows and orphans; to restore the things gone to decay, maintain the things that are restored, punish and reform what is amiss, and confirm what is in (rood order; to keep the Royal Law and Lively Oracles of Gou." We bless Thee that Thou hist beard, through sorrow and through joy, our prayer that she should alway possess the hearts of Her people. And we humbly pray Thee that for the years to come she may rejoice in Tfiy strength, and -at the resurrection of the just enter into Thine immortal kingdom, through Jesus Christ our Lord." Amen. "O Lord oar God, Who upholdest and' governest all things in heaven and earth, receive our humble prayers with out hearty thanksgivings for our Sovereign .Lady "Victoria, as on this day set over us by Thy grace and providence to be our Queen; and so together with her bless Albert Edward Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Roval Family, that they all, ever trusting in Thy goodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned with Thy grade and endless favour, may continue before Thee in health, peace, joy, and honour, and live long and happy lives upon earth, and after death may obtain everlasting life and glory in the Kingdom of heaven; by the merits and mediation of Christ Jesus our Saviour, Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost li^eth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen." Then will follow the anthem and concluding prayera, with the processional hymn. In consequence of the limited accommodation admission to the service in St. Peter's Cathedral will only be permitted by ticket, and the tickets have already been exhausted. 