OUR FUTURE AUSTRALIAN . WRITERS. Tho kingdom of letters is like unto that legendary isle that, according to the tradi tions of ancient Celts, lay far out in the misty Atlantic and was known to them us the Land of Youth : for in that kingdom are all the heroes, all tho dreamers of delightful visions, all tho artists in language; and, in that mystic region reign all the kings of thought, and all that makes thought worth acknowledging as a Divine gift. And tho citizens of this kingdom — who are they but the choice minds of the world, the prophets to whom God spoke, at whose bidding tho thin ghosts come from shadow land and live .and move and become part of our being ? Aye, mighty deeds have been done .in this sublunary sphoro from tho timo ot'tho building of tho Tower of Babel to the present time, but all outward signs of thorn have vanished — the records alone remain enshrined in tho minds and hearts of- all that is good and groat on the earth at the present day, M'ay wo not, then, heroworsliippers as wo are, bow the kneo in solemn r.ovtsronce before tho shrine of those immortal citizens of that kingdom of litoraturo —tho dead writors who never die? Yos— tho reader is novor friendless, for do. not his, book shelves contain friends of all ages and of every country, over ready to soothe his sorrows, rejoice m his merriment, or assist him to expand tho thought of a glowing heart when raised in gratitude and reverence to the Most High. Though wo nave uie ricnos ot imo woria 10 garner irom, though tho literary treasures of tho past are unfolded to us, still in this now land our young hearts throb with a foeliiig and joy ous gladness, for we know in our inmost being that bore in tho glorious land of tho Southern Cross thoro are new wonders to bo written and sung of, wonders such as oven the greatest of the citizens of the golden kingdoms of old never dared to aroam of. Ours is the tongue of Chaucer and Shakespeare, of »Gibbon and Burke and Tennyson and Sir Walter Scott and Diokens.o And suroly singers will arise who w.ill trans lii.hii iiit,(S imninri-.al soncr ? fchn Ivrin boan+.v of our plains, sleeping placidly 'noath the rays of tho burning sun, the epio grandeur of our glorious valos and fjutn-olad mountains ?, Surely— aye, suroly — litoraturo worthy of our country shall como, for we 'aro no dwellers in values whoso horizon is circumscribed. And whore and to whom shall wo look for the master singors who will chant our ambi tions'who will chronicle our deeds'? Suroly not in vain to, tho youth who aro now striv ing for suoooss ovon at a big handicap in our Catholic schools and colleges. -Well may wo say to theso, tho rising generation, our doarost hopes surround thoo, and from thoo should come forth gentlemen and .scholars, the mastor mind and tho master hand, tho prince of literature, the singor of no empty day. A DREAMER. Children are.vory nice observers, and they ?will often, porcoivo your slightest defects. Only those who can view oarth from tho .threshold of Heaven aro able to derive from either riohos or .poverty their powers of spiritual helpfulness. 14 Tho Catholic Press ' is an ornament of Australian journalism, a paper of which every Catholic' should bo proud,-' says.Bishop Gallagher of Goulnurn. 