A NIGHT ATTACK. THE ENEMY GOT IN- A SLEEPING CAMP WITHOUT ADEQUATE OUTPOSTS. FALLS AN EASY I'IiEY. - The "Daily Telegraph" special correspondent at the recent Aldershot maneruvres of the P.ritish Army, tells in the following picturesque fashion - the story of a successful night attacK".— As I aniicpateel, after yesterday morning's battle, there was a fierce night attack upon or.-- or the camps. an<3 today there has been a running fight and , big engagement between the two"oppos- :ng columns. The Army Manoeuvre? arc planned to afford officers and men experience ,in ..the tactics and - practices of war. Hence the first duty in these manejiuvres is-to keep the action merrily going night and day if possible. Who. wins or who loses is a matter rather of I secondary importance, compared with the value of the instruction imparted by j the tasks set either side. One hour it is the invader who achieves that questionable, standard of excellence called "success;" the next the tables are turned. and England, represented in the character of the Northern forces led ,by Major-General Burroughs, seizes a glorious victory. Many of the participants fail even to deserve, let alone command, success, and General Barnard, or his subordinates who were responsible, gave away last evening in a fell hour all their lead'-r had done by days and nights of planning and fighting. He had protected his camp, by placing two battalions on outpost -duties, and drawing such a screen round his quarters that no European army could have broken through witheiut alarming all hi? troops. His outposts: in Brimstone Wood protecting his north-west front were withdrawn after dark yesterday, and one batialion was left to guard in a very indifferent fashion the approaches to this camp. There were two manifest blunders, Hfor neither of-which ''pftSbably the Southern General was responsible. First, part of the camp was-pitched in an insecure hollow, and. next, the optpost" xv.'re not adequately covered by outlying scout's. No wonder: then, that last night, thanks to bold energetic tactics, ihe invaders were themselves invaded and routed, horse, foot and artillery. "This must be avenged/' -said :i a distinguished^ officer lot the; Rctyal; Dublin Fusiliers, near eleven o'clock last night, I- eieven u c ™ ^^ when he was forced to parade his men vhen in his shirt ne ^ tails s r on ^^ finding findj J ng 0ie um Nortliern -^--.i•». 1 troops iii hfe camp, " : and" r alfnb^t in Ms qtSSers When the major part of the opposing forces were presumed to be a-bed in sweet slumber. Major-General Bengough, with half his army, suddenly buret with a roar down into the enemy's encampment. Never was there a inore dramatic: better led. and better delivered night attack. It was perfect in its Inception, pnd well-high faultless in its execution. And what moreran be told in the way; of praise is equally merited. I went in with the leading assaulting company and battalion as I did at Telel-Kebir, and there was much in the whole operations to recall that glorious and decisive action. Still, if I may « 0 . have learned since then, and the blow was better delivered: and, in sense.- the result was as great. There are two things, in one of which British troops excel, though in the other they are constitutionally: defective. No troops in the wide world possess to, sucli a decree the sustained, calm, balanced mind that in peril and under sttange conditions as well enables them- to carry through that' most trying, of, duties, a night attack. And r regret that no army takes.fewer precautions than onr own against possible surprises, or retains such '"rooted" indifference to risks to be run from their enemy's plans and 7 prowess. i^fter gunfire, at nine p.m.. in the Northern Camp, situate at. - Keepers Hill, Confora, last night word 'was passed round in "whispers,"" or rather chiefly bv signs!,! for three Ijattalions to " fall" hi" promptly, without fiiss or noise. The men. In full marching order, took their places in the ranks. The moon had nbt riseir. and such of the sky as could be seen through the environment of gloomy pinesr showed - banks -of flying black clouds, threatening ram that came later a prolonged deluge,"attended by thunder :iTtd lightning. On outpost duty for Xu. J v Field Column were the Berks Regiment. They wer thickly spread to the east, securing Brimstone Wood up ilmost to the west side, or Longmoor Down, whereo'n, to tlie south of Woolmer Pond, was Major-General Barnard, the. invader's camp. The assaultHig column consisted of the 1st South "Staffordshire'Regiment, the 2nd Liverpool Regiment, and the Srd King's R<>yal Rifles. No happier selection could have been made. than that the Staffords should lead', for they have been long and carefully tutored in the mode of making night attacks. Each soldier wore round his headdress the white band that', distinguished the Northern JTorce. Noiselessfy as ghosts the troops moved in column out of camp, over the E»iand stream, which is a tributary of the Oak- lianger and River Wey, into Brimstone enclosure. Before them laj- a march of tlnve miles, part ot" which was .m-er a woodland track a-nd two-ihirof-- over rcwsli untrodden ground, full etV traps in the guise of ditches, holes, heath and fern. Halting within the w:x»d the ;t-f>ops closed up > into position, Major- ! General Bengough. in person. «"ith his marching on foot with th«? assaultihis" column, taking the direct command, j Luckily, as I Irstve said, the fenemv had withdrawn thair chief outposts, and, eejually fortunate, the Northern leader had in a meioOer of his stair an officer who had eaivttrlly scouted Jitsd explored the ground. After a qtmrier of an i;«ar"s smart marching, duHng which n..c a word wa^ utt-red, even the eonmssnds having « been eonv S v«l l-V signs, the column struck off- M.e road to t«v left througn- the pine% - ^^Js. Not « t*ath helped t»> lite, and trurrt general eo private many h. stumble and fall was niu.l*: ^.sttiotit ejaculaigv.tt or cry of a«y kind. We r.ieked ourselves out of" Hie pitfall.-!; and made ear way onward— c-oinif.^siLtJg inwarciiy to ourselves-, no doubi-. Brimstone Enclosure, a 1 ) one sngK has a nari-ow belt or tongue eif tiu-a^r that abtijcs upon Longmoor Dii-«ii. within 40v yards or the Stmt hern enemy's lower camp. Not a post or sentry of the was met wKh till ihe tCrlumn arrived at the limit o£ the wood. By means of several brietr halts, the >vhol<; e-ultuvrit was kept In compact order. Delaying, momentarily, when within thirty yards of the edge of Hie ^rood, the assaulting to'iimn then rushed forward at the double. An outpost at the barrier challenged, ainiost shrieking. "Halt! Who goes there?" He fired Ids rifle, tnid when one or two of the outyusis outposts "did the mc same they were — - swwunde4 on all sides by \»r.yav-Gene- ral Beligougfr's StdfTofdshire il-.-ginietit- The umpires siienced these prisonet», and without pause the battalion held on scrambled ^..•jmhicri em ,in nnvliow anyhow over the xeme;.\ towards the enemy's camp, We had and jumped the big ditch, deploying partly during the operations. For half an hour we had seen the lights »'n Major- General Barnard's tents as we *toIe almost between his camps. Out upon Longmoor Down the £ents were there in a hollow, 70ft below the crest. Whenofficers and men realised how near tliey had got, nought could restrain their ardor. With a roar of cheering, as the thunder of tire ocean's surge, which was heard back at Con ford, they ran down hill. It was a black avalanefee capped with snow that swept down. "Not a soul, -save a few sentinels, stirred about the . tents. These challenged an<$ fired, and a few men came out in a sleepy, dazed way. to meet us and fire their rifles. But the shooting was feeble and trifling, compared with the din and tramp of the assaulting, column. When within thirty yards of the tents. Barnard's sergeants could be heard hoarsely bawling for Company. A, ana so on. to "fall in:" It was;too late The um- pires and officers succeeded in haltingthe column; for the men's blood was up. anfl they would in many instances,. I fancy, have enjoyed a rough-andtumble with their antagonists. ' "Cease firing!" Mas sounded, and liis Royal Highness the Duke of Connaught, with the. headquarters* staff: who came up, •complimented Major-General Bengough on certainly "the most brilliant e nterprise of th«. campaign. It was 10.::5 p.m. when the affair was over. Then, after gaily vyhistling and singing?: thp- assaulting column, marching by the main roads, retired to their;owji camp, which they reached before midnight. 