IT OF TIIE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE: SAINTS' CHURCH. flis Lordship the Most Rev. Dr. Goe, Angli ' f Melbourne, who is on a visit to' t of the diocese, officiated at All Saints' 'f Ph of England yesterday morning. The c"u listed during the service by the ?'ifh?nbeiit the Rev. R. C. Nugent Kelly, and ',ric" "rnnm'ins. There was alarge congregation, ir' HnMiip selected for his text-" Why seek 1 'i! lfvii!" iimoim the dead." Tlie preacher .vc' i .1, ,t the'-e were two ways of regarding the s"'"' ,>.' the Lord Jesus Christ. Firstly, u'flir;'Itilme it of previous prophecies ; and 'l ']K- isi witness of the truth of the Chris-. ? I "trine ami of the validity of Christ's to b" called the Son of God. m11"'resurrection was also a sure warrant * the Christian's belief that God had tor L.i riiri't's atonement for man's sin.: was onlv one thing in this life which I ! s-iti-fv the soul, and which time could 11011of, viz., the possession of Christ in T' v hearts Manv people were in the habit of .flw church and taking part in the colli sion Ocularly, but if their hearts were not iM,he service tliev were still seeking the living TV-''the dead. " They only had the form of r'dfnes: while Jesus Christ did not live in '.'Ir-oiiK and for them Christ had risen in 1C; = There were other people who could quite i^'n-e that Christ died, out could not believe M-1, he had risen from the dead. Year after "-r the church told them how the Cross had fallowed hv the resurrection, but still they a.-M not believe it. To those doubters he wu'tlld point out that if the resurrection as well .. -he death of Christ could not be accepted in f.Vh the whole fabric of the Christian Church v-ii'll fill to the ground. To them, he would jsca in the public press dealing with *uch qu :s a, the following " Why do not more men co to church?'' "Is the church losing its hold of the working men V" etc. To such ques tion5 some shrewd answers had been given, and while he did not want to ignore them alto gether he could not refrain from expressing thei le'ief that if the church realised her holy call iiH properly-if she reflected more the spirit of K>° Lord and Master-those questions would soon cease to be asked. But instead of trusting i'i a risen Lord she had been content to seek Him among the dead. If she would only look to Christ who now sits on the right hand of God the father, her influence would be increased. The bishop exhorted his hearers to resolve no lonsier to seek the living among the dead, but ID Iraw near to their risen Saviour, and be lwvins in Him secure everlasting life. .In conclusion, his lordship remarked that this wis the first opportunity he had had of addressing the congregation since their new incumbent had been appointed to the charge of AH Saints' parish. He was thankful and pleased to hear that they had already began to love and respect the rev. gentleman. He asked them to cather round their incumbent and sup port hinfin his efforts to carry on the work of tUt important parish. He (the bishop) was sure that the longer they knew Mr. Kelly the: more thev would like liini and the more they: would appreciate his efforts to extend the' kingdom of God. He hoped that the rev.; "ciUieman's ministrations would have the'efiect: of turning many who had hitherto been "seek-', ii-' the living among the dead" to lay hold of. Christ and glorify Him in their lives. CONFIRMATION SERVICE, All Saints' Church was crowded in the after noon, when a confirmation service was con-j ducted by his Lordship the bishop, assisted byj the Ven. Archdeacon MaeCullagh and the; Revs. Xugent Kelly and F. Goss. There were! ;!.") confirmees, ~2'i being from St. Paul's and 121 from AH Saints' parish. The majority of them; were young ladies. The rites of confirmation; hiving been performed, the bishop delivered a; brief address. He pointed out that everybody; lived three lives-the life of the body, the lifej of the mind, and the life of the soul. In order! 4l'.at the body should be vigorous and strong it i was necessary to have proper food and exercise. ; Re was always glad to see young; jiOvfle exercising themselves. Cricket, and; foot hall provided good exercise, if indulged in in ' moderation. As with the body so with the! mind. The mind should be fed by the reading : of L'ood books. Bad books were simply poison for the mind, but proper literature, foremost; ar.vo'.isst which was the Bible, provided good 1 food fur the mind. And what was true of the lady and mind was equally true of thesoul.- It was necessary for our spiritual life that food. i be provided by attending church, par-' tiking of the Holy Communion and having in- . in prayer with Our father in Heaven,! while healthy exercise should be afforded the; si-i! by the discharge of Christian duties, such. a» visiting the sick, helping tho needy, etc. Turing both services the church choir ren dered suitable hymns, Mr. A. J. Pearee pre siding at the organ. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. Last evening his Lordship officiated at- St.: I'iul's Cirarch^the Ven. Archdeacon MaeCullagh; alio taking part in the service: The church wa= crowded. The bishop selected for his text-" 1 have yet many things to say unto, you, bat ye cannot bear them now. Howbeit; when He, the spirit of truth, is come, He will, guide you into all truth, for He shall not speak: of himself, but- v. iiatsoevel' He shall hear that1 s"hall He speak and ite will'show yoii things to' come." The preacher ^explained that when. .Jesus Christ spoke those words to His disciples there were three events -in Hi? career which J had not yet come ' to *'pSss,'viz., His death' on the cross, His resurrection and His ascension into heaven. Although those events had been prophecied the disciples could not understand them, and when they saw the body, of their Lord placed in" the sepulchre they: thought that Christianity.,was at an;end. On! the Easter morning when two of the disciples! wero walking togetheV the' risen 'Saviour ap-; ptared unto thfent and upbraided them for being so slow, to understand what had been foretold (V .!.<» ,,f TYntoer'S.t ar-p 'rtveiVahd the Holy Ghost was poured out upon; ti;"- ;V"y -. r-'* able to br-nr witness of Him that lie was indeed Jesus Christ the Son of God. That was the experience of many pro-i fes-ing Christians in the present day. They conformed to the rites of the church ; but it was oniy afterthey had accepted. Christ by faith,; and were filled with the Holy Ghost that they! could properly understand the great truths of the Christian religion. He urged them to grow: ia grace day by day, and to have Christ always in their hearts. - I During the service the choir rendered special anthems, " The Heavens are Telling" being par ticularly well rendered. Mr. J. H. Bryan pre} . sided at the organ with his customary ability, j His Lordship the Bishop will visit Tarnagulla. ' to-dav. .????'! 