A PERILOUS TASK. It is a popular belief that there ia no slave beneath the shadow of the British flag, but, unfortunately, this idea is hardly borne out by facts. In our West African domains there are I many slaves, right under the nose of Consul and Commissioner, too, though generally their servitude is by no means severe-the Government sees to that. As a rule, when, on extending authority into new distriots, the white officers find a man in the possession of several slaves, they leave him in peace, so long as the latter are not ill- used. It also happened not very long ago, when the black troops destroyed the stockade of a robber-headman in the Oil Rivers, that the Consul allowed the friendly natives from the coast to. appropriate for their own use the offender's slaves. This he did because he knew they would be much better off und? :his own eyes than in the power of the buns-tyrants. Among the Niger creeks, too, children are ,a valuable asset, for their parents sell them openly, and it would be interesting to know how many native wives some of the white traders have purchased at fivepounds' worth of cloth a head. Now, the British Government winks at such things, for the simple reason that these slaves are secure from ill-treatment or the risk of being sacrificed to Ju-Ju devils, while beneath its protection; but it has entirely suppressed the shipment of black ivory abroad, and does wh.t it can to put down the extensive traffic in human flesh, and the horrible midnight raids and village burning, which goes on to-day in the wild Shinterland. There lies in the kingdom of Ashantee, beyond the swampy forest of the coast, a tract of dry country, covered with rustling plume grass, which was once the centre of much trade in the small African cattle (tiny, cream-coloured beasts, like diminutive Al derneys), and also the fine native cloth, which comes from the looms of Kano, in the far-off Kanssa land. Of late, owing to the extension of traffic: with the white men, the natives found it more profitable to raid their wraker neigh bors, and .sell them for slaves to chop mahogany and gather rubber for the traders of the hinterland. A little while ago, it occurred to the Gold Coast authorities that it was time that kind of thing was put a stop to, and accordingly a force of Haussas was sent up into this wild region: . One scorching afternoon, the two white officers in charge of the detachment lounged in monkey-skin chairs in, the scanty shade of sweeping palm branches. " The elder, Mr District- Commissioner Howard, known to his friends as 'Daisy" Bell," leaned back against their basket-work hut, and his. clothing consisted of gauzy pyjanlas and native slippers. He would have dispensed with-the- latter, I too, but for fear of the foot-boring jigger I insect, for he was not a man of conventional ideas. ` - "ihe .other was a lieutenant lately from England, clad in all the finery of Kahki uniform, 'snowy pith- helmet, and.plated but tons, who had a tirm belief in his own ability to set things straight generally in the hinter land-once he got the chance. A wiser man would have known better, for Nature is too strong for the European in West Africa, and theinegro, is case-hardened against a hasty civilization. Presently, Lieutenant St. John broke the. silence. ' Can we do nothing to'sphut down the ahomijable raids,. he itaid?-'t~ib caravanns driven off to Dahomey in a oonth-it's a dis? Sracoeivilisation. Vomm'issimner Howard; yaun~d aaslie ;n wered::-' Softly, softly, man cath mo0tikoy, is a good proverb. We can't tackle Gwelo ?nless we can catch him, with-slaves in his hands-and he is too knowing for.that.. Be., rdes, the Governor's orders are that there. must be no bloodshed, and his place is a etrong one. Look at it. The Lieutenant turned his eyes northward across the yellow waves of rippling plume grass, over which there quivered a daiicing hase, and saw a lonely, flat-topped mountain, rising abruptly from tle plain-a patch of dusky purple against the azure heavens. Then a hoarse challenge iu the Haussa tongue rang out through the quivering heat; there was a rattle of arms in the cool shade of the palms, and two tall soldiers, with fear and disgust written upon their ebony faces, came forward. while before them walked a decrepit negro, old iand withered, the dried entrails of goats twisted. round his naked body. ' A repulsive object,' said the Lieutenant, sniffing, and he was right ; but Commissioner Howard whistled softly, and observed, ' Gwelo's Ju-Ju man-the Fetish priest turned Queen's evidence, We'll hear some. thing now. After the usual greetings, the Ju-Ju man sqtiuatted down in the hot dust of the com pound, and, working his jigger-eaten feet into the red powder, told his story in a whining voice. Thp District Commissioner and the Haus sas gathered the gist of the matter between them, while the Lieutenant, who understood no words, looked blankly on until the older man turned languidly towards him. SIt's an interesting story,' he said. ' Spi ritual and temporal powers of Gwelo town at loggerheads, and the spiritual side gives the o'ther fellow clean away. Gwelo thinks the Petish men are getting too rich, and com forted by what a missionary told him about Ahe limited power of the evil one, has done a kiiid of Henry the Eighth trick, and con nscisted their hoards. They don't like it, so the great high priest of the Ju-Ju devils has come to say that Gwelo has a big caravan of slaves on the mountain, and that he can show us a hidden path. There'll be fun to night,' and the Commissioner chuckled. Theni he added:' I suppose you are not afraid of ghosts 1 ' What toolery is this ' was the answer, and the Commissioner laughed again as he -,sid : 'There are unlimited ghosts in Africa. .gbot?s of men, cattle and goats, ghosts of -·piPonioed arrows and spears, and legions of evil "pirits. Anyway, it's rather 8-glostly place, I believe.' Afterwards he spoke i blhrply in the 1Iaussa tougue, 'TaLke hiw away, sergeant, and.feed him. Every man p .under arms in two hours. Ii Late that night-half a company of Haussas a struggled out of the plume grass, and cast c themselves down, panting, upon a shelf of F rock which overlooked a deep ravine. The t perspiration' streamed- into the Lieutenant's f eyeskand his smart tunic was stained with- . the.4crid, .yellow dust of the grass plumes, c which sma-ated eyes and nostrils intolerably. Hi: hands were slashed. by the saw-edges c of the whitening .-blades ; and he began to ] realise that settihg things straight in West Africa was neither an-easy- nor a pleasant i process. " ::. .. ' :: i A nauseating odour rose out of the dark ravine, while upon-its farther side the Gwelo E mountain rose dark and shadowy over- i head, I Commissioner- Bell said wicked things 1 about the heat, then he drew out his big I revolver, and ostentatiously loaded every 1 chamber before the Ju-Ju man's eyes. I " Languid as he seemed, there were few men, black or white, who could over-reach the Commissioner, and he had a way of always turningup :where most wanted. Then he gave the order, ' March ; any man who fires a shot deals with me,' and with a Haussa bayonet on either-side, and the Comn missioner's revolver it the'back of his head, the Ju-Ju man led the way down a winding path. When they reached the bottom it was pitchy dark, and a clammy mist filled all the pit-like hollow, a' faint phosphorescence gioaming here and, there among the wet grasses. There was no sound to--break the stillness, until, with their fingers tightening on the rifle stocks, the Haussas moved forward, and then a harsh ' crunch-crunch,' and a sharp sndpping of something dryand brittle, rose out of the mist, and presently Lieutenant St. John felt a choking in his throat and faltered in his stride. '1 Hold up ; for Heaven's sake don't break down. It's only the damp and the smell. Here, take a pull at this. Down with it quick,' said Commissioner Howard, handing, a brandy flask to his shaking comrade ; and the latter gasped, 'Thanks, I'm better now. i Pah i Let's get out of this awful stench. Where are we anyway, and what's all that blue. shimmering I Meantime the Haussas had halted as though by no means anxious to go on, and I the Commissioner raised his voice a little. i Forward there. Are the Moslems afraid Sof dead heathen T he said sternly, and turn ing to his companion, added, " We're ap parently in the Gwelo cemetery or something I very like it. Elementary funerals here. They tip the departed over the cliff; though * there are places where they eat him. The troops went ahead again, while Com missioner Howard swore hard under his : breath, for the valley seemed ftilled with- the loud crackling, and every now and then a . Haussa tripped up, and went down with a ''rattle of arms, full length in the tangled wet I grass, from which he emerged shivering and i shaking. At last, just as they neared the steep, tree clad ascent, which rose above them, Lieu tenant St. John trod upon spmething soft, which yielded beneath his feet, and turned deadly pale'as he hurried away. Then they' climbWed upwards into the murky blackness beneath groves of paw.paw trees and cotton-woods until the foul odours of the death valley grew fainter, and the frag * ranoe of acacia flowers filled, the air. Presently the soft tread in front ceased, Sthe Hauasas.oame to.a standstill, and the white men hurrying forward saw too tall .-iwands set up on either side of the path, i decorated with tassels of curious charms. I :, Great is the magic of the heathen, Even Sthe Moslem dare not pass here,' said Com 'missioner Howard. 'Every man to his Strade. Bring up Mephistoples, yonder. ' ^.The :!JuJu man advanced towards the Sstaves with an ,ugly. smile upon his face, and r muttering some incantation, held up his arms ! while the troops passed, the Haussas casting * uneasy glances over their shoulders as they . went-by clenching .tb?ir: rifles. A little later the Lieutenant sprang aside, for something whistled out of the bush and 1 sang past his head, and next moment a light Sshafted spear stuck quivering in-a paw-paw , trunk. ... -""' The'sight of a tangible weapon and certain f danger acted like a tonic on the white mnian, \- and shaking off the vague, half-superstitious a dread which had crushed down his courage, Slie drew the weapon forth, saying sarcastic ally, 'This is the ghost of a spear, I sup r pose. ; ; S' No,' answered Commissioner Bell, finger i ing the blade,'' very real steel this time, and i i poisoned, too ; but if that fellow gets away i it's all up with our .raid. Don't shoot for your life,' and he grasped his comrade's arm as the latter pointed his revolver.towards the r bush where there was a faint rustlinug. , The officer shook .offhis grasp, and would t. have bounded into the shadows, for he grew ' quita hot with indignation at this cold Sblooded attempt to take his life; but the a Commissioner's fingers gripped his collar, and \- he heard a stern voice say-s 'Be still, you madman. Do you want to B bring the whole place about our ears I Hei will hardly escape the Haussas. SSo for a space they waited, breathing hard a and listening to the crackling of undergrowth I and rattle of palm branches, with the JuJu r man in the iron grip of two soldiers, and the Oommissionem's teeth met as he: wondered if the Feddah had betrayed them. t It would have gone very hard with him if e he had. e Then-a taint cry came out of the black Sness, followed by a breaking of bushes, and t the two white men rau forward until they i saw a Haussa in a desperate struggle with a Snaked negro. o The Commissioner's revolver butt fell like s a s!edge:. hammer- upon the black forehead f and tliemdan droppd with a moan, while the i Haussa straightened his back and gasped for \- breath, after -which he proceeded to bind the hands .and feet of his prostrate foe with his t own waistclothl torn into stripg, for the: pur pose, Teviling him for an -accursed heathen ', meantime. e 'Ju-Ju novice out .of: harm's way now. Stuff his mouth with,-palmu leaves,' said the f Commissioner,. aund ' again the march went f on. f 'Gwelo is not so clever as he thinks,' said , the Commissioner as they halted for breath !. later on beneath the rustling branches of a palm. ' The joke of the matter is that he al has doubtless armed sentries and a nice little vi ambush and barbed spears prepared for any- ti one who approaches his front door. This path is evidently only used by the Ju-Ju tl priests when they descend to the cemetery ri for some ghastly g~pose of their--- I a ...' RHe broke -f?' suddenly, for-their was a clattering overhead, and a long sinuous object, Y gleaming eveen in the blackness, slid down the tl curving fronds of the palm,. and fell at the w Lieutenant's feet. e: Then there was an angrylhiss, and . Com- - missioner Howard said hoarsely, ' Don't stir . if you value your life, a .. A rifle butt came-down with a dull thud, o and the white man sprang aside from some thing writhing in the leaves,? Presently stooping down. he made out a i big snake lying before him with a broken n back, while a Haussa, rubbing his Snider heel-plate in the mould, said in the vernacu- n lar, ' No man may' escape his fate, but the officer man was very near his death this o night. As they moved away Lieutenant St. John e felt that a little of this kind .of thing would I go a very long way ; then he turned round, for he.heard a sound of dull blows, and saw a group of shadowy forms dancing like pigmies around the reptile. ' Only black monkeys,' observed the Com missioner. ' There's war to the end between the monkey tribes and the snakes. They are taking it out of him now he's helpless. I've seen human beings do the same.: 1 Eventually, worn out, dripping with per spiration, and drenched with dew, the little band came out upon the flat top of the hill, and at a low order sank down behind festoons of trailing creepers on a low ridge which. commanded the village. Before them lay a narrow strip of clearing, antd behind it the black outline of a stockade. LThere was a dry rustle of palm fronds over head, and from beyond the barrier rose the monotonous' tap-tap' of a monkey-skin drum and the croon of a mournful chorus, while at intervals a flickering light moved from hut to hat. ' We must wait:;a while. They're sure to get up some kind:of a feast:'to 'celebrate the raid, and that's always held in the dark When they're stupid with palm wine we'll seize the gate,' said the Commissioner softly, after consulting with the J-Ju man, and I silence settled down. Presently a woman lifted up'hei voice in a l long eerie wail, and Lieutenant St. John \- shuddered as he listened. ' The death howl; her. husband's dead,' said the Commissioner softly. Afterwards skrieks of pain and the sharp i cracking of glass-edged whips of.manatee hide rang ::t through the steamy. darkness, and the Commissioner ground his teeth as he lis s tened to the cries of the ,unfortunate a slaves.. x When the sound died away the red glow i of a fire blazed up in front of a huge basket t work house, and a hideous din of native I drums rose into the:, air, followed by a full throated and by no means unmusical chorus ; and the Commissioner smiled grimly. He knew that inside the chief's house head- man Gwelo was making himself drank among I his guests with Jumbo wine,. and that- pre sently he would mock at the British Govern : ment and revile the, name, of thei White s Queen, ignorant of the fact her hand was f already lifted to crush him. ' Confound them,' said Commissioner :Howard, softly bat viciously, shaking the I, heavy dew from his thin jacket. - I'll be e down again with fever after this. Why those brutes always feast at night I don't , know, any more than I do how to get in, and Appollyon here can't tell- me either. We a could storm the plaee, '.but then someohe l- would get themselves killed, and 'the. a Governor would talk... It's a case of 'sofly soffly again. " e Another burst of fierce merriment rang out, d taiied with drunken shouts, qnd so,'heeding s not the handwriting upon the' wall Chief g Gwelo, like. Belshazzar .of old, held.high fes y tival and-boasted before his. guests, knowing not that the enemy were already about his !, gates, and that he would be sternly called to d account for the inflocent' blood' he had b- 'shed;'. r Meantime' the two white oficers and thld .-Haussas lay still as the- dead among the n undergrowth, drinking in germs of disease , with every breath of reeking. miasma, with Sthe Juruman among them, the Commis SiiOner'' revol?ir iialzze:.a fodt from his / Then a gate creaked nbisily in thb rear of the'village, and foui- dark figures 'ame forth, . the flickering glow of a torh falling upon d something long and heavy they carried be Stween them. T,'they halted on the verge" of a cliff which n :verhung the valley, the light shone full upon e the rigid figure of a dead negro, andagain the Lieutenant shauddered. d A hoarse voice .cried aloud, there was a' " swaying of shoulders, followedby a sickening Sthud far below, and the torch went oiit d saddeily. : "The Ju.Ju man rose to his feet~tndwbiii pering to the 'Commissioner, went forward o alone. e When he had a start the little party crept d out.into the clearing, and while some mved h like flitting ghosts towards the main en SI trance, which was not the one that lay e nearest, the rest following in his steps, keep if ing carefdlly in the loom of the palms, Then five men moved from the cliff side if towards the opened gate, and Commissioner :Howard gnawed his moustache as halting in . the shadows he.wondered whether the wily d Feddah had duped him after all. y A moment later there was a sharp ohal aI lenge from the gateway, and by the smoky glare of a torch the white men saw the Fatish e priest waving the sentries 'imperiously d aside. e The men hesitated. \- Chief Gwelo's orders were sharp and stern, e and they knew he visited his displeasure upon Sthe disobedient with keen steel and scorching . flame, but they feared the Ju-Ju devils even' n more:than G elo, and the gate was opened wide. Lieutenant St. John caught his breath as e he waited for what would happen, until a low it whistle sounded, and he heard his comrade shouting hoarsely in the Haussa tongue, and d there was a-rush of many feet towards the h gate. a Next moment he was through the stockade and-'charging down the 'main ibreet of- the village, revolver in hand, among the bayonets, the Shantis flying wildly before them, until again their was a sharp order, and while half the men faced outwards' with rifles at the ready, the rest spread a shining are of steel about thed oorway of the Chief's.house. A mocking voice rose above the cries of the villagers, ' Come forth, Gwelo the Great,' and the redoubtable raider lurched drunkenly for ward, shouting with rage.at the sight of the exultant foe. ; Looking stupidly about in search of a weapon, and finding none, he staggered for ward, and would have leapt. .upon. the bay-': onets to grasp at-his betrayer. A Hussa sergeant called, ' Slay him not : smite with the butt,' and a private-swung his snider by the muzzle, arid striking the head man across the shins, a negro's :vvlnerable point, the big warrior went down head fore most within a foot of the shining steel. Then, as the slave raider and dealers came out one by one, the Government interpreter. proclaimed alrud that after five minutes' grace every man seen with arms in his hands would be shot, and, furthermore, that the town would be fired if they did not deposit their weapons, before the white men in that time. So, finding no escape, for there was a guard at both gates, the Gwelo people yielded with the best grace they could, and thus; without the spilling of a drop of-blood, theraider was, taken redhanded. Early next morning, leavinga pile of snap; ped spears and brbken flintlock guns, behind, them, the troops marched soiith:, conveying the liberated slaves., * ' Gwelo is in durance vile, and it will belong ere he raids the hinterland again, while' the. JudJu man, who was preyailed upo.tt??;visit? Accra as a curiosity, received a liberal reward' and then, after attempting to poision a sick official, who was foolish enough to test his powers, fled suddenly by night, and.his where-. abouts are unknown. Probably he did not return to :Gelo Ifor urgent reasons. , Commissioner Howard'ainiles his usual lan. guid smile as he. tells ~.tie" story, but thi' heathen of the Hinterland now treat the' Wa~nirig of that officer with 'mucl-' consider: ationi and are no wise eager to incur the wrath I of the White Queen. n:1 *I n.ll| - - 