SIR VICTOB'S CHOICE. _ — — «. — . — ' By ANNIE THOMAS, Author of 'Theo Leigh,', 'Cros? of Honor»' \- 'r|pnnis Donne,' &g;** CHAPTEfB ^kxiV^Continued.) The young officer's own moral' character ! was far from spotless. He was lax. in his life and language. He has been shown guilty of acting a lie towards his friend, and of urging in an underhand manner that friend on to dishonor. He thought little enough of broken hearts and faiths and vows, so long as it was by ineh they were broken. But he hated this woman for her avowed laxity, aiid for the disbelief she expressed in the virtue and honesty of other women. Once upon -a time he had loved her after the man uer of boys, for her big eyes and her hand some figure and arms, and her beaiitv srener :illy. And now he loathed* the :ver$: memory; of that time — not ^because he was that rather' mythical thing, 'a reformed rake,' but be cause he 'knew her for what she was, and void of all shame about it. He hated and despised her, and nearly despised himself for offering her such a holocaust as Gleeve; and he thought that could he but have lived the past few days over again, he would have acted a less base part than he had acted now. Retrospective regret is useless ever; the past could not be lived over again, and Lu cille through his agency would gain an hon ored name, and attain unto an honorable - position, both of which a ghost from the past might arise and tarnish any day. Claude Osrilvie had the feelings of a gentleman on this subject, though he lacked the courage of a gentleman to act upon them. He :hated li.or vigorously, as he thought of the old name :md the good estate whose fair fame was i.'iit in such dire peril through the machina' tious of this strolling player. He was not pleasant to Lucille this even* iug. nor was she pleasant to him. 'When I contempt puts the embers of love out, people rarely are pleasant to one another. In one way it was a relief to both when a knock at the front door disturbed their acrid reflec tions ami recriminations. And then the sense of relief expired in the birth-pangs of a sud den fear. ?That's his knock— he's come back for his coatl— See, there it is,' she said hurriedly: and Claude Ogilvie sprang to his feet with an oath, and muttered— 'I can't see him— let me get out!' ?You must jump out— quick! from the back parlor window, if you'd avoid him,' she ex claimed. Do go! — if he should find you here, what could I say to him ?' She was un feignedly anxious to get rid of the necessity for an explanation of his appearance there, as Claude himself was to flee the face of his friend. He went rapidly through the little back parlor, piloted by Miss Michel, who did not stay to see him effect his exit, however, but caine back at onee 'to the fore' to close the folding doors and portray surprise at Sir Victor's re-appearance. So the Baby went through the window with a light spring, un watched, uncared-for, and alighted in the middle of a large stone tank full -of water— the mistress of the house being a thrifty housewife, with a profound belief in the efficacy for cleansing purposes of what she termed 'rainy water.' A frost had followed the thaw of the pre vious day, sufficiently severe to place a thin covering* of ice over the top, and render the v.-hole volume of water horribly cold. The force of his leap broke the ice, and his feet slipped upou it: therefore he came down nearly flat on his back to the bottom, and braised his head against the end of the tank. He was chilled to the centre of his. being lief ore he could struggle up and get a footing tirin enough on the shining slippery stone to enable him to step out. And then he had to climb over garden walls with broken bottles oil their summits, in his saturated clothes, ad make his way in the dead darkness of a Hoonless February night, i&irough; the intri cacies of the 'back premises' of a but little tnown street. It was an ignominious Nemesis this which had overtaken Claude Ogilvie, and he re solved that no man should know aught about it. and that he would keep his own counsel as to the cause of his bruised head and cut hands. The next morning he got leave for a day or two, and went up to town to let the marks of his exploit wear out before his comrades questioned him about them. And when he reached town he was seized with rheumatic fever, which obliged him to re main. And so Sir Victor's lagt chance of being saved was lost; for Cl^de Ogilivie would surely have told the tale of Lucille's success to someone, who would have told it to someone else; and so, probably, it would. have got rdund to Conway James's ears, and the 'just cause and impediment' to the mar riage would then have been found most surely. They went off to a village some few miles distant from Aldershot on the following day. and lodgings were taken for the bride elect and her mamma, and other lodgings for tin? happy man in order that he might be de scribed as 'also of this place.' And Con way James's conscience was very clear, for had he not utterly routed the dangerous his trionic and saved 'the boy,' as he called him, from a dertimental liaison. Captain James never once dreamed of such audacity as Miss Lueille's daring to attempt to marry the young baronet, who had not been permitted to fall in love with pretty Alice Lisle. He only thought that Victor might have fallen a temporary prey to a ra pacious woman, and it would have 'been a bad style of thing,' and one to which he could not give his countenance. So he took j credit to himself when someone mentioned to him that Blackman's company had gone— and then dismissed the subject from his mind entirely. So time went on, and Victor kept his own counsel, and confided in none, and frequent intercourse with Lucille gave him a sort of acquired habit of seeing and talking in low tones softly to her, which stood for affection. She was very cautious during this brief period of their engagement, very quiet and thoughtful, more eloquent with her mighty eyes than with her tongue, and so if he did not get to like her more, he did- not .feel to like her less. She asked him a great deal about his guardian and his guardian's family. And he supposed that was loving interest in him and his, which was in reality a keen^*e solve to know .all about those with whom she would have to deal in the future. He had not arrived at the masculine reticent age let, and he soon bared his bosom before her unwittingly. He told her about carrying the basket for Alice Lisle, and how pretty Alice Lisle was— 'not pretty like Madge and Charlie, but very nice,' nevertheless. 'How do you mean? Not pretty like them? Are they better looking than Alice Lisle?' , ''Hardly prettier, but with a way about them, especially Madge, that would show you they were ladies and no mistake..' even if' they had dairymaids' dresses- phi,''' hie said. And when he said this, Miss M|ehel re-, fleeted with some satisfaction 1$ai : she had: portrayed the demeanor of royalty occasionr ally with, great ^success, and that therefore Miss CJeevejS, 'way'' would be as nothing to' jthe^ii^PslHM&uM-; assume. \ ?' 'Will they,,gp on living with us, dear Vic-; tor?' she asked softly, and Victor -turned such an unmistakably surprised lodk..upon. her that she repented having put her ques? tion just yet. . '' 'I hope so— I suppose so— unless they are tired of The Chase when the two years that my father wished them to live there are over. But I hope they won't be tired— I hope they'll stay.' If his marriage was to drive his cousins away, Sir Victor felt it would be a heavy sacrifice to duty and. honor indeed. Tuesday, March .3, arrived, and his mar riage was to take place on Wednesday, the 9Llth. r And then iris soul yearned for a confi Ikiant/Taiid he sat down and' made one of his cousin Charlie. He charged her to keep his secret, but he did not charge her to keep si lence to him! And so when the days came.i and went, and no sign, no wor-fi. came from/ his home in the west, he felt sore at h^arV and woefully disappointed. The golden haired girl had seemed so frank and truthful that she was the last he would have feared might forget him. He pined for a word from her wishing him well, or censuring, or upbraiding, anything would have been better from Charlie than neglect. He did not tell this strictly private trial to his promised bride, and she saw there was a cloud on his brow, but, like a wise woman, she refrained from investigating causes. And so, unmolested by questioning, he passed the days away in wishing for a letter from Char lie, and driving Tom Tit between Aldershot and the little village where a congregation of the faithful had given the consent of si lence to his nuptials with Miss Michel. The early violets and early lambs were out by the time those machinations which had been commenced in January resulted in suc cess. The winds _o'f March and the dust of it are trying to the frame and temper, but for neither of these drawbacks to felicity did Miss Michel care, as she rose and looked out upon the rays that werje gilding the dawning of her wedding day. CHAPTER XXV. Having brought the principal actor in the drama up to the morning of March 11, on which Miss Michel meant, fate willing, to marry him, it will be necessary to go back a few hours, and trace the progress of events at The Chase. Madge awoke at five minutes to six on the evening of the 10th, released her sister's hand, and moved her head slightly with a gentle sigh of relief from the pain that had burthened it so long; and then the nurse sub stituted her own for Charlie's presence adroitly, in order that the sight of her sister [ might not call for too sudden a use of the but just restored reasoning powers. And Char lie, now the passionately prayed-for waking j had come in its own time, threw patience to the winds, and went in search of her papa without a moment's delay. 'He will be in his dressing-room,' she thought; and to his dressing-room she sped i with Victor's letter in her hand, and a desire i for Victor's salvation, at any price, in her heart. I She knocked sharply at the door, and ~at the same time cried, 'Can I come in, papa? I must!' and he came forward at once and j opened the door, with a pot of walnut- i pomade in his hand, and consternation in his ! face. 'What is it! — worse?' he asked, and the lips round which he had been .training the well-dyed moustache with loving care but a moment before, trembled now with anxiety for Madge. 'No, better,' she answered; 'it's not of her I want to speak to you, papa, it's of Victor. Here's a letter from him to me; it's been de- ! layed five or six days. It will tell you all you must do when you reach Aldershot; and you must start for Aldershot at once. She was shaking with the long pent-up ex citement; but her words were clear and un- \ faltering. . j 'Is the girl mad?' Drummond Cleeve said; i 'he has got into Some boyish scrape, I' sup pose, and you come to worry me with it— just like your poor mother; she always ? ' 'He's going to be married to-morrow unless you're there to stop it,' she interrupted. 'Hush, papa,' she continued, as he com menced calling down imprecations on the head of everyone whose name he could re- ' collect at the moment. j 'It's folly to waste time. I'll run down i and see the horse put in the trap; and you prepare to start at once. You must save him — read the letter when you've started.' Her decision settled her father's nerves in a measure; he left off swearing, and finished j dressing himself, and by the time he had I done that she was back by his side. | 'Don't stay to explain — I'll- tell mamma ! about it. The trap will be ready by the time you can get down, papa,' she said rapidly; j and then, to her joy, he showed her that he , fully appreciated the necessity for immediate i action by saying — ] 'The six train's lost— my God! I shall ! not get there in time;' and he pointed as he j spoke to his watch. j 'From this station— bo! But, papa, drive to Linford; the eight o'clock train would stop there if a passenger shouted from the plat form—the grey will do it.' 'By God!- the grey shall,' her father re plied; and then he gave her a hurrjed kiss and went- downstairs, and away out to the trap, at a pace that proved he was warming well to the work which he had to do. There was much amazement at The. Chase when Drummond Cleeve did not come to din ner; and when Charlie partially accounted for his abrupt departure, Mrs. Cleeve elected to be offended thereat, and opined that he might have said good-bye to his poor wife, and kissed his innocent child before he went off so mysteriously. v And when Charlie said — 'He couldn't mamma; don't I tell you that Victor's hi dreadful danger, that only papa can save him from?' Mrs. Cleeve rejoined — 'And so might baby be in danger, too. There's the spasms and the croup, to say nothing of my agitation, and either- one might carry the poor infant off in a moment; but his death would be nothing, of course— oh! no. He isn't a baronet!' The Linford Station was four and twenty miles from The Chase; but Drummond Cleeve had no particular interest in sparing a horse for which he had not paid, and he had a particular interest in saving time and Sir Victor. Consequently 'the grey did it,' and the eight o'clock up-train was stopped at Linford for a single passenger. Mr. Cleeve read the letter when he was seated in the railway carriage and on his way to its writer; and he waxed wrath over the perusal, and felt outraged as father, guardian, and gentleman at the tidings that it told. . 'He'd better have cut his throat,' he mut tered as he folded the letter up; and objec tionable as suicide is ,on the whole, it must j be conceded that there was a strong element j of truth in that speech of Mr. Cieeve's. ! 'A. strolling, painted Jezebel to be brought into the house thaf s never yet been polluted by a low-born woman's rule! — he'd better huve cut his throat!' It' was some time before the comforting reflection occurred to him that in order to have procured a licence Victor must have de liberately perjured himself; he must -either have sworn that he had attained his majority or that he had received his guardian's con sent to his marriage. 'In either event it can be set aside,' he thought; 'and it shall be set aside. The harpy! I'll trounce her! I'll publish her! She shall be taught not to use her cursed wiles on gentlemen for the future!' His rage at the stigma this thing would be to his house overpowered every other feeling nearly. He had not had time yet to think how sad his own plight would be should his daughter, fail to win the husband and the pro tection for him. her father, that she had vowed to win. He had hot had time to feel more than one brief pang of parental indig nation against Sir Victor, for the latter hav ing gone forth from the home adorned by such bright specimens of womanhood, to seek another bride. His self-interest and his parental feelings had not had time to work and torture him yet. But his family pride, his sense of what was due to his race, this was alive and rampant; no space of time could be too brief to set this in a blaze. The other thoughts would come to Tiiin quite soon enough; but this for the early part of his journey was sufficiently distracting. His rage against the woman who was going to sully his name by taking it, and who had spoilt his dinner, waxgd.Jiigher as the train puffed along, arid -he grew ? more hungry every moment. The beauty with the haunt ing eyes had been cursed by many a man during her career, but never more heartily than by this one, who knew not the full mea sure of her desert. (To be continued.) 