The Lover's Quest. PUBLISHED BY SKKUAL Abbanobkent. By ERNEST GLANVIL1LE, Author of " The Lost Heiress,?' "Tho Fossiober," " A Fa ir Ooloniat," << Tho Golden Rock," &o.;, &o.; ' » - v COFYBIOHT, - CHAPTER YL— ( Continued.) ' N OTHER match ro- . vealed on the othor \- aide a pile of boxes, and, what was most i in port- nut, a package, w h i c h Miles re cognised nsliisown ln-onortv. with tho cover open, and an empty hando- I lier by its side. This bandolier, together with the othor which ho had bitcklotl : round his waist, ho now quickly filled and then stopped out to tho ledge. -Hans descended first with his weapon swung over his shouldor so that it should not ' strike against tho rook, and then Miles followed to find, when lio left the broad foothold of tho ledgo ..for .tho smooth and steop descent,, that it was. one " thing to find his way up and quite another to get down in the dark. Threo times ho rcuchcd down to find a foothold without suooobs, .but with more scraping than was safe, nnd with a growing ii'rita- : tion that increased the difficulty of tho task. At last tho Hottentot, who had remained faithfully at tho bottom, ascended to find out tho cnuso' of the delay, and promptly taking hold of his ' : master's foot guided it to tho first stop. \- - Thenco to the bottom of tho track wus almost straight, huh tho constant efforts I ho had mado hnd twisted ono of tho bandoliers, and a cartridge dropping out, struck tho rook . with a sharp motallio sound. ' Mnsh Allah ! ' exclaimed tho 6entry, I as ho swung round, hut before ho could i mako a stop forward there rang out, \- almost at his sido, tho horrible laugh of n hyena, and as tho man' sprang aBide . with a bound, Miles elided ' gently to the ground, and slipped along tho cliff. Thero was a hubbub from tho circle, , , j one'mun flung u firebrand, and soino of I them laughingly chuffed tho sentry. Miles waited anxiously for a fow > miuutos, then found his way after somo : difficulty to tlio hut, where Hans 0had already preceded him. Tho littlo man was almost weeping. ' My baas, I did think it was over , when that bullet dropped, hut so I went on my hands and laughed, so as the wolf come.' ' It was well done, Hons, and saved ' mo.' . 'Ja, baas. . It was old Hans .made that noiso, laughed, so as tho wolf laughs.' Miles entered the hut for his rifle, whioh lie at onoo loaded, and thon rejoined Hans to decide upon tho noxt \- movo. Thoy wore armed, that was a i great thing, hut tho very success of ( thoir efforts, rendered thoir position \- hopeless if thoy did not make good thoir cscapo that night. CHAPTER VII. 'Hans, havo you any plan? You have 1 lived hero amongtheso mon, and should ; know their habits.' ' Thero iB no way out, Bieur, hut by tho passage, and Hie men there they do not sleep for tho spirits.' ' Spirits !' ' Oh, a many spooks, baas — from tho holes, and tho water, and the bushes ; . many rtovils that come in the night to i frighten any man who is alone. Oh, 1 yes. Thoy talk of thom ulways, and at times thoy make much noise to frighten 1 the spooks.' Miles picked up the white garment . bo had tossed aside. If I hold this on the rifle, Hans, i and you make a noiso, would tho guards ! down in the dark there ,tako it for a spook ?' . Tho Hottentot drew a long breath. ' Mawoh, haasio, you have got it sure, nllevarel! Yes, I will orydeopin my 1 belly, and they will run. Itis good.' ' You think so ?' said Milos, doubt- . fully. '. ' Oh, yes ; doy plonty bang for the night things. Como now, baas, before > the early cold como.' Thoy crept', off down the valloy, guided by tho shimmer of light on the thin stream that found its way through tho gorgo where tho guards were posted. The more Miles dwolt on the 'plan' the more childish it appeared until, . when tho dark walls again loomed up close before him, he was prepared to abandon the trick. Hnus, howovor, vehemently maintained thnt it was tho only plan that would succeed, unless they made a fight for it, and finally Milos propnred to build \- up the ghost. All ho required was a stick to lash acrosB the barrels and to form tho arms. This was soon found, and tho white robo was carofully fixed, and looked certainly ghostly enough as it fluttered in tho air. Thoy arranged to advanco as near as thoy could to tho passngo without being de tected, whon Miles wob to lift his bunnor on high and Hans, crouching behind, was to howl.' If tho trick did not fail thoy wero to try and slip through in tho dork, and if opposed, fight. Slowly thoy crept on, foot by foot, guided by tho glow of a small watohflro insido tho gorge, und Milos was prepar ing to hoist his ghost when thero rose a sudden savage roar, followed by o heavy thud. ' The tigor, baas,' said Hans, in a thrilling whisper, 'ho smolls us. Now thoy will find you havo left tho hut. Quiok.' Tho guards wero calling loudly to eaoh othor, and a sooond luter, tho roport of a rifle rang up tho valley bonind. Miles lifted his rifle, the white robe fluttered like some giant's wraitll, and Hans omitted a1 long, low, blood-ourdl- i ing howl, terminating in a hollow groan. | Before he had' finished the leopard i roared again, and amid this awful din j Milos- stopped into tho mouth of tho ! rarino and into tho view of the guards, who had all rushed' together and stood peering into tho darkness, thoir nerves oil quivering. ' ' ' Shoitou !! thoy cried, and as tho apparition appoared two of tliera hastily fired, .tlio' others pressed baok against tho rock; and thon Hans howled again, finishing" off with a fiendish laugh. This was too lhuoh foi'.tho superstitious Arabs, hnd. with abyoll of terror .thoy fled, dropping their rifles. > -Hans went after, laughing hideously, and Miles followed at a run. Onoo out of tlio ravine they stopped to listen, mid could hoar the terrified guards still flying and calling, wildly on Allah and the Prophet, whilo echoing through tho gorgo came tho clamour of tho armed mob behind, . ' Which way now ?' , Without n word, -Hans stooped and 'lifted Milos's right foot, tlion tho loft, finally smacking his own bnro foot. 'Now,' ho cried, 'this way,' and struck up to tho right,'1 where the sides of tho valley sloped nt nh easy gradient. Up thoy went at their boBt spood, until when tho top was reached Milos stopped to ' got breath, and heard below tho volunio of noiso increasing to a perfect roar of l-age. ' What did you do to my feet?' ' They will looso tho -.tiger just now, and I smeared Arab grease on so he will miss tlio spoor. Hear, baas, the tiger; alrendy ho is loose:' The cry of tho fierce brute, this time moro of a scream than q roar,, l-oso high above tho other sounds, aud Milos needed no other spur, but dashed on alter tho Hottentot, who turned sharply to tho right. Another desperate burst through thorns, whioh lacerated 'their skins, brought thom to a wall of rock. ' Wo must climb,' said Hans breath lessly, as ho moved about feeling the rooks. 'Horois u spot,' -he said,' and thoy struggled up a narrow clol't, clutching iiorcoly, with their tooth shut, and trusting bliudly to luck to bring them out to a firmer fooling. Safely, however, thoy surmounted this obstaolo, and threw tlicmsolves on a level stone to regain thoir wind. Then a savage cry from out tho pitch darkness b'elow, ac companied by yells from human throats almost as fierce, spurred thom on onoo more, hut this' -timo thoir way lay through dense wood, and thoy had to go slow, but as they struggled on, tho noise of tho ohaso died out. 'Good!' said -the Hottentot, 'thoy have gono down the river;'.' and they wont on moro quietly for an hour, wlion they struck a, small stroam, and Hans sat down. ' Wo can sleep now, siour. Mawoh, Bat was well done.' ' Bo you. know whoro wo nro ?' ' We are near tho placo wo left just- now.' ' ' 'Not in the valloy again?' 'Neli, bans, no ; on tho rock nbovo. Soo, thoy will not think we lmvo turned baok, hut will go .on. Oh, yes, I have mado that plan long timo— if I got out- sido tlio place — to climb back to the top. Hans is a slim' (sly) 'lcorol. Sloop, my baas; when tuo light oomos they will seek for spoor, and we must have all eyes open.' Tho old follow hereupon doubled himself up in somo garment ho had snatched up at tho last moment before tlio' flight, and was soon nslcop. Miles, liowovor, sat clutching his rillo and listening to tho faint, far-off murmur of tho hunt, beforo ho snatched a few hours' slcop. Thoy wero afoot again beforo tho early dawn, and when the sun had been an - hour up thoy hud plnccd several miles bctwoon thom and thoir enoinics, though tho course taken nuturally led thom doepoi' into the country. Wlion they took thoir rost thoy found that in tho anxioty of tlioir oscapo thoy had forgottou to 'bring away even an ounce of food, and ub thoir liuugor in creased thoy turned- tlieir pockets inside out. Miles produced a handful of dates from his, whilo Hans discovered a small stick of biltong, a cake of Cavendish tobacco, i a flint, a thong of buokliido, and the frngmont of a letter. Miles pickod lip the scrap of .paper and smoothed it out, nnd the word that first caught his attention .was ' Stofful.' 'Where did yon get this?' he said, holding tho shred up. 'In tho coat-, baas.' And .the coat?' \- ( I picked liim up in tho plqoe of -tho guns, Allovarel P tuo old man exclaimed in astonishment, as he held the coat up aud examined it. - It was a stout coat of corduroy, hearing signs of much wear. 'I know him well; it belongs to that duivol, Stoffel.' ' Bo you know that man? ' aBked Milos, quiotly. ' 'Stoifol! Hoisjcs so as a tigor — ja. Ho was my haas in tho old land, and -for I 'lose his oxon wlion the night was dark, ho sont me to tho slavo mon with a briofje — vordam — and the slavo man put my nook in the yoke.' ' Where was that ? ' 'By tlio big river, much far away. Bymbyl got hack to the big river; .byraby 1 find dat samo Stoifol.1 ' Is ho a slave doalor ? ' ' Noli, haas, ho shoot ; and he trade for olophant tooth ; and he sell guns, and brandy- wine, all sorts to the Kaffirs.' ( : ' 1 8upposo ho hns white men with liim?' 'I don't think so. Ho is a slim korol, and- what ho know ho know, but his boys don't know. I did hear, all tho same, der was one place in tho hush where ho build a house, and tho mens 6aid ho would bring ono of his wives dcro/ . . . ' One, of his wives ?' . ' Ja, baaB, ho jes same as tho Arab or Kaffir chiof; and ho liavo plenty wivos, all coloured. Bymby I go baok to tho big rivor, nnd byraby I see dat Stoffel, and I hit him so, hliif, on tho kop,' and Hans niiulo a cut with liis sword. ' I should liko ' to see this Stoffel myself, Hans ; for it was ho who got me into this trouble.' ' How ?' cried Hans, his little eyes sparkling like a snnko's. - ' Wo must got' baok to the port and take a ship to 'tlio river, Hans; and when wo got ;there.you must holp mc track liim , do.wni' : " ' Ja, siour; ole Hans is a big hunter. He knows all tho- country tliore, hut it is far, far, , and in between there are a many Kaffirs.' ' Wo cannot ho moro than five days from tho son, Hans; and once there we will find a ship to take us. -We must work 6outh a little, and then turn round arid make' straight for tho const, taking a lino thnt . the Arabs arc not likoly to cross.' Thoy divided tho littlo store of food, and Huub hunted out a fow grubs and roots which ho ate. In tho afternoon they turned south, lceoping a sharp look out as thoy' wont, and Hans on the way marked down a dense ewnrin of small partridges about a pool, and knocked over sovcral with a stick. Beforo dusk they took thoir hearings and turned duo cast, keeping on until well after suusot, when thoy built a small fire and roasted the birds. After the meal thoy cut thorn branches nnd mado a sohorin ns a shelter both against the wind and wild boasts, for the jackals had began their complainings as soon as darkness sot in, and later on the hyenas had joined in. Tlio birds thnt fly in tlio night, too, were calling over head, and in the silent pausos there wus a faint stirring in the air, the echo of some far-off sound, where tho breakers of tho Indian Ocean wore beating on the shore. Milos was shaping out tho 'future, and, his mind busy with tlio story, Hans had . told him eoncorning Stoffel, had entirely loft tho Arab shoikh out of liis calculations. , It seomod to him,, indeed, as if a long interval had gono.by since, lie was detained in the valloy. 'Hark to thnt, bans,' said Hans, in a startled whisper. .' What ? It is a jackal howling.' ' Noh, siour, listen ! There !' ' ' I onn hear nothing,' said Milos, im patiently. The Hottentot sat up, with his hond bont forward, and his eyes closed, whilo Miles sighed, and rosuincd the thread of his speculations. ' I knew it,' said Hans, jumping up. Miles stood up, too, for - ho saw that his companion was really alarmed. 'There again it comes, and nearer. Boos bniis hear now ?' ' I boar a cry far off.' ' My Gott, it is the tiger !' 'Tho tiger!.. 'What, not that bruto from the valloy ?' 'Ja, siour," said the Hottentot, solemnly. They stood listening, and thon thero broke out tho weird howling of a pack of jaokals, followed by doop silonoo, through which again -there sounded the hum of the sen.- ' ' Lot us run, baas.' 'No, let usitand. We are match for ono bruto.' V ,'If itoomes alono,- yes,', said Hans, doubtfully, as he drew his sword. Still, it is dark, and if it springs into this sohbrm.wo would have no room. Lot us get away by somo rook.' And ho kioked tho thorns away, flinging thom on the fire.- 'So, if wo stand off in thq dark wo can soo him come into tho light.' Thoy moved off to tho shelter of a rook, and watched the flames slowly quiver up among the piled material, whilo tho cry came nearer and fiercer, in a sorics of short savago yelps. Pre sently, however, as tho fire took hold and shot up, tho cry eeasod. ' Ho is running still now,' said Miles, as ho thrust his rifle ovor tho rook, ' Maybe thoro aro men with him who have called him hack.' ' Ah,' Baid Miles, 'that sounded liko a hoof-heat.' , ' It ifso, my haas. . Will tho master fight? -If thoy take him he will livo, hut mo they will give to tho tigor, I know.' . ' We must fight, Hans. Here, take this bolt: of cartridges and Hand me the charges as I may want thom.' ' That is my haas,' and tho old man began to .cry'. ' Ek es no bang, bans. I ory always when . I fight. Yoetsaok yo vordmolo oat !' lio shouted, as tho cry onoo more hurst out. \- lO BE OONTimJllD.J 