SOCIAL. His Excellency, Lord Hampden, Captain and tho Hon. Mrs. Ferguson, tho Hon. Miss Dorothy Brand, and Captain Follden, accompanied Lord and Lady Lamlngton to tho Queensland Club ball on tho 11th Inst. Tho function was a very brilliant ono, tho decorations In '.ho temporary ballroom being both novel and effective. From tho centre of the roof hung long streamers of blue and pink art muslin. In alternato stripes; these wcro draped gracefully and Interspersed with hundreds of small electric lamps. Palms, ferns, and foliage plants were used generously, and all round tho room were hung largo staghorn ferns. On one sldo of tho ballroom was a drawlngroom artistically decorated and furnished, while tho avenues and walls were adorned with brlght- hucd flags and palms studded with electric lumps, tho beauty of which was enhanced by a wealth of lovely flowers. In the lancers of honor tho Go vernor of Queensland danced with Lady Griffith, Ladv Lamlngton with Mr. Justlco Cooper (vice- president of the club), Lord Hampden with Mrs. Seymour, the Hon. Mrs. Ferguson with Mr. Ed- dlngton, tho Hon. Dorothy Brand with Mr. Frasor, and Captain Ferguson with .Mrs. More- fhead. Lady Lamlngton wore a bluo and whlto silk dress, with bodice draped with beautiful lace, diamond corsage ornaments and aigrette. Mrs. Ferguson was In black satin, with silver sequin embroidery, diamond and turquoise tiara, etc. Miss Dorothy Brand wore white silk and chiffon. Mrs. Seymour wore a beautiful pale pink salin, tho skirt and bodice richly trimmed with lace. Mrs. Robert Gray was in tcrra-cotta silk, made with black net sleeves and finished with blnck lace Mrs. Abbott, pink chine silk, with narrow floral stripes in deep pink and green, bodice in Louis XIV. style, and vest of black net, embroi dered with irridescent heads. Miss Marie Tully, whlto ondlne, finished with chiffon, belt of green Velvet. Miss Tully, yellow satin, with sprays of pink roses. Mrs. Metcalfe, a beautiful skirt of white silk brocade, bodice of electric blue velvet. Miss Murray-Prior in pale green chiffon, over green silk, finished with violets. The departure of Herr Pelldram, the German Oonsul-General, has. been fixed for September 12, when ho goes to undertake important consulate duties at Antwerp. Herr Pelldram is one of the most perfect hosts in Sydney, and will be much missed in social circles, whore he is always a wolcomo guest. Herr Bertram, Acting Vice-Consul, will undertake the duties of Herr Pelldram's position until tlm now Consul- General is ap pointed. The Mayoress will bo "at homo" at the Town- hall on Friday, the 20th. Miss Solomon's recital was a very smart affair, and on all sides familiar faces were to be seen. The young pianist looked quite charming in white silk. Madamo Kollermann was fa eau-de-nll silk, with pink hyacinths, a very becoming com bination of colors; and Madame Caron wore claret- colored silk dress, with cream lncc draperies. Among tho audience were: Mrs. Theodore Doe- sen, Mr. and Mrs. Ruthven, Mr. and the Misses M'Bridc, the Misses Hollander, Mrs. John Marks, Mrs- Bowker and Miss Irene Marks, Mrs. and Miss Curnow, Mrs. and the Misses Lees. Mrs. and Miss Ives, Mrs. Elvy and Miss Elvy, Mrs. Adol- phus Marks, Miss Ruby Maries, Mrs. Fred Moore, Mrs. French, Mr. and Mrs. Irving, Misses M'Nab, Mr and Miss Kellermann, Mr. Lauranco Phillip, and Mrs. and Miss Macnamarra. The usual monthly entertainment given by the members of the Victorian Salon, which, in its literary character, distinguishes It from those of a more social nature, which takes place weekly, dime off last Monday evening. A lecture on "The Power of Thought iu the Healing of Dis ease'' was delivered t.o a crowded and interested nudlenco. Tills was followed by a formal dis cussion. and the subject in hand proved so fascin ating that it was not abandoned all the evening. 'Among those present were: — Mrs. Backhouse, Mrs- and the Misses Garran, Mr. and Mrs. Fea- tlierstonliaugli, Miss Macdonald (principal of the Women's College), Miss Evelyn Dickinson, Mrs. 'Arnold, Mrs. J. L. Low, Mme. Cough, Mr. Whid- 'don, Mr. de Lissa, Mr. S. R. Tucker, Mme. Fer- nand Levy, Mrs. Brock, Mrs. Tliring, Mrs. Mar- tfel Air. L. Dobbin, Mrs. Harvey Armstrong, Airs. Emanuel, Aliss Blair, Mrs. and Miss Patterson, Mr Patterson, Mrs. Alartol, Miss Vallentine, Miss Gould, Mrs. Sydney Phillips, and Airs. Fore man Refreshments were served in the dining- room, and the evening was well advanced before the guests took their departure. The bachelors of tho Australia Club will give a hall in the Paddington Towu-hall on the 13th September. Airs. Alartel and Aliss Harris (Ultimo) were the hostesses yesterday at the Victoria Club, and succeeded in giving the large number of guests present a pleasant afternoon's entertainment. \n excellent programme was prepared, in which Master Otto Philip, Miss Bauman, Aliss Bryant. Alls Deloliery, Air. Alarcur Bryant. Miss Ethel Hunt, Miss Thornton, aud Aliss Flora Jennings took part, and the hostess, who had not "billed" herself for an Item, was by special request obliged to give one of her cleyer recitations, choosing a Shakespearian scene,, which she gave with remarkable force. Among those present were Mrs. John See, Mrs. Backhouse, Airs. Asche, Airs. A. West, Mrs. Phillip, Mr. Barton, Air. Holt, Airs. Newton, Airs. Francis Bacon, Atae. Gough, Airs- Afailler Kendall, Aliss O'Neill, Airs. Curnow, Airs. Brock, and Airs. Robh. Among the charity attractions for September tho Gyhlthana in aid of the Victoria Consump tives' Home Fund is, perhaps, causing the great- est amount of Interest In the social world. His Excellency the Governor and tho Hon. Airs. Fer guson arc patrons, while Lady Darley, Lady Ab bott, Lady Paston Cooper, the Mayoress (Mrs. Ives), Airs. Gould, and Airs. French, tho Hon. Dorothy Brand, Airs. Douglas Mackenzie, Air. and Mrs. Watson, Airs. Brock, Alias Macbardy, Aliss Alrey, Colonel H. 1'. Alrcy, Mr. Paterson, Air. Dobbin, Mr. Webster, Mr. Dodds, Captain Sloane Stanley, and Captain Feilden figure on the committee list. Airs. Hotham and Air. Brock aro tho hon. secretaries; Dr. Clarence Read, hon. treasurer. Mrs. Brock, Mrs. Thornc, Airs. Watson, Brush and Co., and Beard, Watson, and Co. are all prize-givers. Tea rooms are to be presided over by Mrs. Burdckln, Mrs. Norton Russell, and Miss Wilkinson. There are to be ladies' bicycle events, a musical ride (ladles on horse- hack), an orango race, and all the other absurd events natural to a Gymkhana. Given fine wea ther, this entertainment, which comes' off on the 4th of September, ought to attract crowds to tho Agricultural Grounds. Full particulars appear in our advertisement columns. Tho ladies of Burwood gave a pleasant dance In tho parish hall on Tuesday evening, Airs. Hugh Dixson, tho Misses Devlin, Windeyer, Howiston, Woods, Doyle, and Martin being Included in the committee, Miss Windeyer being hon. sec. A letter from one of the guests at this dance gives glowing accounts of tho little function, and ber enthusiastic praiso of floral decorations, hall fit tings, etc., would make the hearts of the executive committee leap with joy. "Then we all looked lovely, you know, Mrs. H. Dixson quite too nice In pink silk; Aliss AVindeyer, In black; Airs. Per kins, bluo brocade; Aliss Doyle, white silk; Miss Elliston, charming In pink; Aliss AVllllams, a pretty cream costume; Miss Devlin, blue silk; Aliss Alice Devlin, pink satin; Airs. Percy Wood, black satin; Miss Thorn, whlto silk and pink vel vet; Aliss Alartin, white silk and Venetian laee, etc., etc.," leaving us to come to the very prob able conclusion that the fair writer was the love liest of them all. Aliss Katie Alanning, Eurabah, entertained her friends, numbering about 100, to a very enjoyable afternoon tea on Tuesday iast. Tho drawing- room was tastefully decorated with palms, ferns, and arum lilies. Light refreshments of all des criptions were handed round during the after noon, and tho tables looked very pretty with their decorations of mimosa and other fresh spring flowers. Among those present were: — Mrs. Henry Alort, Airs. Alarks (Glenrock), Airs, and the Misses Garran, Mrs. Hotham, Mrs. Close, tho Rev. Wallis and Airs. Alort, Aliss AI'Allister, Air. and Mrs. Baker, the Rev. John and Mrs. "Walker, Airs. F. Antill Pockley, Aliss Hooke, Mrs. and the Misses Warden Graves, Mrs. AY. F. Bridges, Aliss Alacfarlanc, Mrs. Bowker, Airs. Iffia, Airs. Lock Foster, Miss Alontefiore, Airs. Stoddart, Mrs. Frank Osborne, Airs. Dickson, Aliss Wallis, Airs, and Aliss Curnow, Mrs. John Watson, Airs, and Aliss Russell (Observatory), Airs. Hemsley, Mrs. Tooth, Aliss Yeomans, Airs. Helen, Aliss Grace I-Iall, Mrs. and Miss Gerber, Misses Rundle, Miss Robson, Airs, and Aliss Bowman, Mrs. Fra- ser, the Alisses Armstrong, Alisses Leltch, Airs, and Miss Newton, Mrs. Fred. Orr, Misses Scarr, Airs. H. Hamilton Alarshall, Airs. Nott, the Misses Jones, Aliss Teale, etc. At the hall held in the Town-hall last week in aid of St. Alartlia's Home, tlie 15-guinea bangle, presented by Air. Foy, was awarded to Miss Curtboy, who looked charming as Portia. As so few ladies appeared in fancy dress it was sur mised that there would be no competition, hut, as a matter of fact, Aliss Curthoy carried off the handsome prize. A pleasant private gathering, In celebration of the record reign, took plae at Sandatli, Boyce- street, Glebe Point, tho residence of Mr. and Airs. J. Russell Crone, on Friday week last, when some 100 juveniles and children of a larger growth enjoyed a most charming evening. The exterior of the house was prettily decorated, the verandahs being lit up with Chinese lanterns and fairy lights, whilst the scene inside was most picturesque and animated. The piece de resist ance was a new and original tip-to-date version of the good old story of "Cinderella," well writ ten by Alisses Covrio Oliver and Ella Crone, the Incidental music and songs adapted by the latter young lady, who also furnished the orchestra. The back drawlngroom formed the stage, and the scenery was tasteful and appropriate. The following was tho caste: — King Nonsuch, Cora- lie Oliver; Queen Jasmine (his wife), Gertrude Smith; Prince Charming (his son). "Mleen Gill; Lady Vanity and Lady Languor tCinderella's step-sisters), Ruby Pateson and Vida Robinson; Lady Rose, Lady Pearl, Lady Fuchsia, Lady Vio let "(Court ladles), Elsie Maidment, Lily Maid- ment, Ruby Guest, lone Oliver; Fairy Amethyst, Fairy Sapphire, Fairy Ruby, Fairy Emerald (at tendants on the Fairy Queen), Violet Guest, Fan ny Alaidment, Ivy Smith, Madge Crone; Fairy Page and Fairy Herald (attendants on the prince), Aladge Crone and Violet Guest; Valetta (French 'maid), Coralle Oliver; Queen of the Fairies, Ruby Oi'est; Cinderella, Winnie Crone. The piece was well staged, daintily dressed, and charmingly acted, went with a splendid go, and was heartily applauded. Many of the youngsters showed rare stage craft. It was interspersed with seve ral prettily executed songs and dances. The whole production was under the direction of Miss Fitzmaurlee Gill. After tlie play a capital supper was served, and the rest of the evening enjoyably spent in dancing and listening to the wonders of tho phonograph. It was a graceful, jolly function, and all went away with pleasant memories of a charming hospitality. Tlie first annual ball of the Sydney Idlers' Dramatic and Aluslcal Society was held in the Paddington Town-hall on Wednesday evening, when about 125 couples were present. The hall was decorated with flags, flowers, palms, and bullrushes, and the motto of the society, "Dolce far niente," occupied a conspicuous position on tho stage. The music was supplied by L. de Groen, and the catering was entrusted to tho Sydney Sandwich Supply Company. Alessrs. Hart and Henry deserved the compliments which wcro showered upon them by tho guests for their assiduous efforts In making tho ball a success. Mr. W. G. Grayson was a model AI.C., and the stewards — Messrs. W. A. Hart, E. T. Quinn, and C. E. Phillips — were all that could he desired. Among the ladles present were: — Airs. J. C. Nclld, black silk skirt, velvet bodice, gold trim mings; Miss E. Donaldson, black velvet bodice, lace skirt, pink chiffon trimmings, and roses; Aliss A. Donaldson, pink moire silk, lace trim mings, and flowers; Aliss Jessie Donaldson, apple green ducbcsse satin, violet trimmings; Miss Howes, black silk crepon, buttercup trimmings; Airs. Hicks, pale blue satin; Aliss Millie Collins, whlto satin skirt, covered with silver net; Miss Green, black and scarlet; Aliss Quinn, pale green; Miss Hellings, white silk; Miss Seaton, pale yellow; Miss Phillips, grey and white satin; Miss Farr, cream lustre; Miss Hellmrlch, chiffon; Miss Peterson, cream satin; Miss Mullln, white llama; Miss Alues, pink mervellleux; Miss Blnton, white lustre; Aliss Ada Wright, cream silk; Aliss Eva White, white silk; Mrs. Fraser, cream Batin; Aliss Lelghton- Bailey, buttercup surah; Miss Gondalf, blue satin; Mrs. Davis, grey satin; Aliss Dale, black satin and cream; Airs. Vendon, white silk lustre; Mrs. Henry, cream ducbcsse satlu; Airs. I-Iart, eau-do-nil duchesso satin. Messrs. J. C. Neild, Al.P. (patron), John Portus (president), G. Hellings, H. Bell, Teece, Flinders, Hockey, Cox, Clemens, F. Etheridge, and Collins, Lieutenant Brownlow, and Sub-lieu- tenants Stevens and Wilson were also present. A numerous company assembled by invitation in the Alasonic-hall, Summer-hill, on tho 3rd Inst., to participate in the celebration of tho silver wedding of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Gray, of Eton, Aloonhio-street, Summer-hill. The hall was charmingly decorated for the occasion. At sup per, Air. E. Lewis Scott, In congratulatory terms, proposed the toast of the evening, Air. A. J. Gray feelingly responded. An enjoyable pro gramme was contributed to by Mrs. Truscott, Mrs. Kennedy, Miss AI. Gray, Miss L. Davis, and Alessrs. Kennedy, A. Parkinson, E. Lewis Scott, and G. H. Edman. Air. and Mrs. Gray were the recipients of a largo number of presents. Among the invited guests were:— Mr. and Airs. Kennedy, Afr. and Airs. E. H. Wright, Mr. and Airs. Joclc- ran, Airs. A. II. Chapman, Air., Airs., and the Misses Tomltins, Mr. and Mrs. Doyle, Mr. and Airs. Fairfax, Mr. and Airs. H. Tcakle, Air. and Mrs. Short, Mr. and Mrs A. Parkinson, Mr., Airs., and the Alisses Davis, Mr. and Mrs. J. AI'Donald, Air. and Airs. J. Oram, Air. and Mrs. Thomas, Airs. Flcmming, Air. and Aliss Aliller, Air. and Airs. G. S. Smith, Air. and Airs. Bllsborrow, Airs. H. Taylor, Air., Mrs., and Aliss Turton, Air., Mrs., and the Alisses Hinwood, Air. and Mrs. E. Lewis Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Todman, Mr. and Mrs. G. Watson, Air. C. and Aliss Chapman, Mr. nnd Airs. Pinnington, Air., Mrs., and Aliss Armstrong, Mr. and Airs. B. C. Alonk, Air. and Miss Wilshlre, and the Alisses Lawson, Chapman, B. King, L. and V. Dodson, E. Davis. The "wattle" dance held recently in the Masd- nic-hall, Summer-hill, proved In every way a suc cessful and enjoyable affair. The arrangements were carried out by a committee comprising: — Alessrs. J. Gilbert, C. R. Van Treight, J. Lewis, and C. Budge, who also discharged the duties of Ms.C. Wattle blossoms formed a prominent fea ture of tho decorations. A feature of th« even ing was a card dance, which proved an interest ing novelty. Alany charming costumes were worn, and the company included Aliss Ferguson, Aliss Cook, Miss Self, Miss Lewis, Aliss D. Self, Miss E. Carpenter, Miss Cooper, Aliss Reeve, Afiss Smith, Miss Ross, Aliss Van Treight, Aliss J. Tomltins, Miss J. Howard, Aliss AVllllams, Aliss Train, Miss Harris, Miss Prentice, Aflss Alonog- lian, Aliss Cribb, Aliss J. Prentice, Miss A. Cole, Miss AValsh, Aliss Treadgold, Alisses Hable- thwalte (2), Aliss Gawne, Afiss Adamson. On Friday week a complimentary social was terdered to Air. and Airs. H. G. Rienits, of "The School," by a number of the residents of Mount Victoria aud the surrounding townships. ' It took place in the Alount Victoria Hall, and there was quite a large gathering, including a number of guests from Sydney, Katoomba, and Blackheath. The hall was beautifully decorated with flags aud ferns by Alessrs. Barton, Neate, and Collins. Ex cellent music was supplied by a band from Lith- gow, and a long programme of dances was not exhausted till far into the nex,t day. The refresh ments were under the able supervision of the lady members of the committee. During a short intermission, a few words were addressed to Air. and Mrs. Rienits by Mr. J. Edmunds, B.A., expressing tho high esteem and good wishes of the townspeople, whereupon the ladles and gen tlemen present joined in singing "For they are Jolly Fellows." Air. Rienits replied with a very humorous speech, which was highly appreciated. AA'ith regard to the drosses: — Airs. Rienits was dressed very handsomely in black satin, with over dress of black net, heavy Indian embroidery (old gold aud Ceylon beetles' wings); Airs. Rienits, sen., black fancy striped mnterial, white Brus sels lace fichu, and garnet ornaments; AIi3s Rie nits, pale blue moire silk, trimmed with whlto luce; Airs. Barton, black satin; Mrs. Collins, blue satin; Mrs. Lomax, black silk; Airs. AVilson, black satin; Aliss Plummer, black silk; Airs. Barnett, buttercup satin; Airs. Thomson, red, veiled with black lace; Airs. C. Thomson, pink and black, trimmed with chiffon; Aliss Lomax, black and red; Aliss F. Tabrett, pink; Aliss Kemp, white; Aliss Carr, blue cashmere; Aliss Wilson, white; Miss Daly, red and black; Mrs. N. Delaney, old gold and black lace; Aliss Neate, pale blue cash mere, with chiffon and pearls. Tho "K" Company, First Regiment Infantry, held their annual ball in tho Temperance-hall; Gladesville, on Wednesday night,. There was a very largo gathering present, Including visitors from the city and suburbs. Sergeant Rattenbury made a capable secretary, and Staff Color-Ser geant Nicholson and Private Kress officiated as Ms.C. Alllltary officers present Included Major Weekes, Colonel Farrell, Colonel Wells, and Lieu tenant Watson. Tho annual Hyacinth Dance, which oventuated on the Cth inst. in tho Oddfellows'-hall, AVool- lahra, was a brilliant success. About 100 people were present. Everything was charmingly ar ranged by Aliss Ada Holmes and Mr. V. Holmes, who wcro Indefatigable In their attentions to tho guests, among whom were Airs. Holmes, Airs. Cooper, AIIh3 De Coursy, Aliss AVorton, Misses Holmes, Miss Cosgrove, Aliss Griffiths, Miss Bird, Miss Leist, Alisses Ellis, Aliss Robin son, Aliss Ryan, Aliss Fraser, Aliss Ilandi, Miss AVoods, Miss Alarrow, Miss Dean, Aliss Alarr, Alisses Thompson, Aliss Lewellen, Miss AVllllams, Miss Broughton, Miss Ord, Aliss Floyd, Alessrs. P. Holmes, C. Usher, F. Wallen, H. Evans, P. Usher, H. Cunningham, A. Halloran, A. Dean, A. Evans, R. Oliffe, Huffam, Corti, Van AVessem, Turner, Black, Tracey, Roach, Slnimonds, Relllck, Grif fiths, Gulliford, Newton, AVllllams, Flood, Steven son, Dickson, Newman, Reynolds. The annual ball In connection with tho Bath- urst Orphanage Avas held on Tuesday evening In tho School of Arts-hall, and was very enjoyable, although there was a decided falling oft in atten dance. The ladles' committee had their prepara tions very complete. Amongst those present were representatives of some of the principal families in town. The drosses were pretty, and an attrac tive sceno was presented to a crowd of specta tors iv ho occupied seats in the dress circle. Amongst the company wcro Airs. Newman, who woro a rich black corded silk, white satin yoke covered with black lace, and lovely jet berthe; Airs. J. Sharpe, black silk and buttercup chiffon; Airs. T. .Caples, pretty white silk, pearl trimmings, and cerise roses; Airs. J. A. Ryan, rich black silk and petunia, with cream silk roses; Airs. J. Alli son, black silk and pink chiffon; Airs. J. P. Ryan, sen., magnificent dress of eau-de-nil bengallno silk, trimmed with palest tones of green chiffon and palo pink silk-flowered passementerie; Mrs. J. Boyd, pretty buttercup satin and chiffon trim mings; Airs. Coady, black and green slllc; Altss Dwyer, a pretty shade of cream crepe-de-chlne and chiffon berthe; Miss Alary Bassett, white satin, sleeves embroldored in pink roses and se- quips; Aliss Beaupie Bassett, white silk and but tercup trimmings; Aflss B. Bassett, black corded silk Princess robe; Aflss Browning, buttercup veiling and satin trimmings; Aliss Looby, rich white satin trimmed with white chiffon; Aliss Cissle Grant, cream veiling, white satin, lace, and pearls; Aliss AI. Grant, cardinal and cream brocaded silk; Aliss Ternes, black velvet, white satin trimmings, red poppies and jet; Mis3 M'Gregor, cream veiling, swansdown trimming; Airs. R. Nicholls, pretty cream silk, trim mings of laco and pearls; Miss Tanner, pretty grey silk, trimmed with pearls and guipure lace; Aliss Afockler, palo blue Eilk, white satin, and chiffon; Aliss Flinn (debutante), white crepon, satin, and chiffon; Aliss L. Fish, white bengaline silk and flowered chiffon; Aliss Jagoe, cream silk and chiffon; Aliss L. Turner, cream veiling, passe menterie trimmings, and chiffon; Aliss R. Turner, white veiling, chiffon, and flowers; Aliss Bara- gree, cream satin and gold trimmings; Aliss Ru therford, flowered silk skirt, pink chiffon sleeves; Aliss Kelly, red satin; Aliss Bullock, cream veil ing, safin chiffon, and cerise roses; Miss Curtis, unique dress of green satin, covered with tinselled net, pink silk sash, and pink roses on bodice; Afiss Rogers, blue veiling and trimmings of ribbon. The Temora Hospital ball held on the 4th inst. was a brilliant success owing to the exertions of an enthusiastic committee and the efforts of an Indefatigable secretary. Among the guests were Alesdames Robertson, Henry Smith, Edward Tuc ket, Crowe, AI'Leod, Alt, Cartwrlght, Shrubb, Jackson, Foley, Tewksbury, Burstall, East, Pres ton, Alartyn, Keith, Alisses Ella Smith, Cart- wright, Colgan, Ryan, Eva "Walsh, Walsh, Aluir, Arnold, Rose, Treflle, Corbett, Hardy, Barnes, Jennie Duncan, Dobbs, J. Thomas, and others. The juvenile ball took place on the following Thursday, when the young people mustered in' great force. The scene, with so many little people in their prettiest dresses, was very effec tive, and all present enjoyed themselves im mensely. One of the prettiest weddings In tlie district for many years took place at Merriwlnga, Tllba Tilba, on the 14tli July, wnen Alffis Constance Afuriel Hohbes, fifth daughter of the late Air. J. T. Hohbes, P.A1., was married to Air. Charles Godby Weston, eldest son of Alajor Weston, Adingdun, England. Alerrhvtnga 13 beautifully situated on an eminence commanding an exten sive view of tho vast Pacific Ocean, with Mount Dromedary in the back ground. The wedding ceremony took place in the drawlngroom in the presence of a number of guests. Clover hands succeeded In making the drawlngroom look like a bower of beautiful ferns, while choice (lowers and greenery were tastefully arranged in all parts. The Rev. AI. Kirkpatrlck, B.A., of Bega, performed the ceremony, the contracting parties standing under an arch of greenery, with a pret ty wedding hell suspended over their heads. The bride, who entered the drawlngroom on her brother's (Air. C. G. I-Iobbes) arm, and who after wards gave her away, was attired, in a very be coming costume of ivory white silk, with chiffon fichu and long tulle veil. She carried a lovely bouquet of snowdrops and maidenhair, and wore a diamond and ruby bracelet, a wedding gift. Her' three sisters, Misses Kitty, Narrell, and Elsie, acted as bridesmaids, and were dressed alike, in cream serge drosses, trimmed with folded collars, and deep belts of turquoise, blue velvet, each wearing a handsome gold bangle. with pearl and opal pendant, gifts of the bride- . groom. Mr. Weston's brother came all the way from Charleville, Queensland, to act as best man. Mrs. Hobbes (the bride's mother) looked very well in a black and violet costumo trimmed with old lace; Miss Hobbes. hlaclc Bklrt and shot " silk blouse; Mrs. Commons (the bride's sister), , green tweed costume trimmed with shot silk; little Joan Commons (niece of the bride), tur quoise blue velvet and white satin ribbon; Aliss Tarlirton, Alurrabrine, fawn tweed costume trim med with silk and chiffon; Airs. W. A. Pass, grey ' tweed costumo trimmed with silk; Aliss Pass, navy blue crepon trimmed with cream lace and chiffon; Mrs. J. P. Seccombe, black crepon; Airs. John Bate, figured China silk, brown silk trim mings. The wedding presents were numerous and costly, and amongst the donors were Alajor Weston (who gave the bride a diamond and ruby ring, a family heirloom, and diamond and ruby bracelet), Mrs. Weston, Airs. Brooks (Eng.), Mrs. Ferguson (Eng.), Aliss Weston (Eng.), Field Alar- shal Sir Linton Arabin Symonds (uncle of the bridegroom), and Lady Symonds, Airs. Nash (England), Aliss Nash (England), the Alisses Godby (England), Air. and Mrs. At'Gi!l (Borah), Afiss Colley, Air. P. Bayley, Air. and Mrs. Pass, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bate, Afr. and Airs. J. Horsley, Airs. Commons, Airs. Robb, Aliss Tar- linton, Mrs. Parker (Eng.), Air. Bell, Airs. Waugh, Aliss Brook, Aliss Hobbes, Aliss Kitty Hobbes, Misses N. and E. Hobbes, Airs. Hobbes, Air. C. G. Hobbes. Tho bridegroom's present to the bride was a gold watch and chain and a set ol gold chain studs. After tho wedding ceremony the guests sat down to a sumptuous luncheon, served tete-a-tete stylo on small tables placed all through the dlningroom. The beautiful wedding cake (mado by members of the bride's family) occupied a central place on the large dining table when it was cut by the bride. The usual wedding toasts were duly honored, after which the happy couple, escorted by many of the guests, set out on their wedding trip, amidst showers of rice and rose leaves, for Bermagui, en route to Sydney, where they Intend spending a few weeks before settling In their new home in the Aforec district. The bride's travelling dress was a grey tweed tailor-made coat and skirt, with rose-colored vest and felt hat. As the happy couple boarded the steamer Allowrle many friends wished them long life and much happiness. On Wednesday, July 7, St. Paul's, Redfern, was tho scene of a very pretty wedding, at which the Rev. F. B. Boyce officiated. The happy couple were Aliss Rose Smith (third daughter of the late Air. George Smith, of Illawarra) and Air. Gerald Ryan, B.A., of Junee. The bride was given away by her brother, Air. W. SmiKh, B.A. She was charmingly attired in ivory Duchess satin, honi- ton lace, and pearl passementerie, and wore a diamond ring, and carried a lovely shower bou quet, the gifts of the bridegroom. The three bridesmaids, Afiss Florrie Smith (sister of the bride), Afiss Alay Eagling, and Miss Harry, were attired in creme crepon, satin, with chiffon trimmings, hats trimmed with cream tips and violets. Each carried a bouquet, and wore a gold bangle, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. AV. T. Wcarno was best man, and Air. A. D. Walker acted in the capacity of groomsman. After the ceremony, the pleasure of which was enhanced by selections rendered by the organist, Air. Flowers, tho bridal party drove to the Crown Studios. The wedding breakfast was served at the residence of Airs. W. S. Aletcalf, who enter tained about 40 guests. After a hearty send-off, the happy couple left for a fashionable seaside resort. The annual ball of the Goulburn Liedertafel, which was held on Thursday night, was a bril liant success. Last year's ball was held in the great room at the Oddfellows-hall, but it proved inadequate for the company which assembled, and this year the Liedertafel decided to secure tho Arcadian Rink, which contains the most capacious floor in the city. Tho result justified the decision, for there was a gathering of nearly 250 couples, and the scene, under the brilliancy of tho electric light, was very striking and magni ficent. Amongst the decorations employed were a number of Government flags, secured through the services of Dr. Hollis, member for the city, « ' vuiiuuiiu ix \jl lUUlO UUIUIUCU L1U111 Bundanoou. The Ms. C. were Messrs. Thomas, Wren, Boyd, Foxall, Webb, and Wedd. The music was in irreproachable hands, and was of a special character. For the first hour the full orchestra of the Liedertafel, under the conduc tor, Mr. Percy F. Hollis, played a number of items; subsequently 10 of the members toolc up tho responsibility, and carried it out for the re mainder of the night. A raised platform had been erected near the centre of the hall, and the musicians occupied this. The supper was dona ted and prepared by tlie wives' of tlie officers and performing members, and this portion of the evening's entertainment was under the general supervision of Mrs. A. B. Chisholra, the wife of the popular president of the society. The ball committee consisted of Messrs. S. W. Alexander, W. Carey Taylor, H. Lake. F. Wedd, IL Walker, A Wren, I-I. Harris. P. F. Hollis, G. Webb, W. A. Trevarthen, and W. A. Macdonald, with Mr. W. S. Foxall treasurer, and Messrs. 13. F. Thomas aud E. Boyd secretaries. The president had also greatly interested himself in the ball. Apart from the large number of actual dancers, there was an attendance of about 350 spectators, the majority of whom stayed until a late hour. The opinion is that, from a social and enjoyable point of view, the 1897 ball eclipsed all its prede cessors. Amongst the ladies present were the following: — Miss Anable, white crepon; satin sleeves; Miss Lillie Anable, white satin and pink roses; Mrs. J. P. Ashbury, black surah; Miss B. Axara, "Summer," white silk, flowers, and ribbon trimmings; Mrs. F. D. Badgery, black silk, trimmed with chiffon; Miss Mary Badgery, I cream; Miss Sissie Barber, cream silk; Miss Beck, pale green satin, lace trimmings, and pearls; Mrs, Best, black velvet and jet; Miss Amy Best, white evening costume, cardinal trimmings; Mrs. Bladwell, black silk, white satin sleeves; Miss Brooks, eau-de-nil satin; Miss M. Brown, black velveteen, pink silk trimmings; Mrs. Arthur Boyson, pink crepe, honiton lace; Miss E. Bur nett, cream, pansy trimmings; Miss L. Came ron, black satin; Mrs. W. Cain, yellow satin, sequins and violets; Mrs. A. B. Chisbolm, black silk; Mrs. A. S. Chisbolm, black silk; Miss F. J. Chisholm, pink, chiffon trimmings; Miss Mattie Chisbolm,- white satin and diamonds; Mrs. R. E. Conolly, white brocade, green trimmings; Miss Cook, cream silk, pearl trimmings, and chiffon, crimson roses; Miss Ethelinda Cook, cream silk cashmere, with real Maltese lace; Miss Tilly Cowlin, pale nun's veiling, lace trimmings, vio lets and pearls; Mrs. E. W. Cracknell (Victoria), evening costume; Miss E. Debenbam, cream pongee silk, point lace and chiffon; Miss Drake, pink crepon and white lace; Mrs. W. E. Dwyer, ivory satin and cardinal roses; Mrs. Farley, black surah skirt, pink bodice; Miss Ferguson, cream and cau-de-nil; Mrs. Foxall, red, with black trim mings; Miss Furner, cream nun's veiling; Mrs. E.- W. Griffiths (Sydney), eau-de-nil and butter cup; Miss Graham, cream Persian silk, crimson flowers and pearl trimmings; Mrs. Hamilton, white brocaded silk; Miss Flora Hall, cream- crepon; Miss Lizzie Hall, "Romp;" Miss M. Hall, pale blue nun's veiling, sequin trimmings; Miss Hardiman, armure royale pink silk and violets; Miss Harris, amber, lace trimmings; Mrs. C. J. li. Helm, bengaline and jewels; Mrs. Hewitt, black velvet; Miss Linda Hewitt, white cheno silk, trimmed with chiffon, pearls, and ruby claps; Mrs. Hilder, eau de nil costume; Mrs. P. F. Hollis, green and he liotrope moire, violet trimmings; Miss Hunt, rose pink satin; Miss Huxtable, cream; and Miss Johnson, black skirt, pink bodice. Our London correspondent writes on July 9: — "Christ Church, Bath, was the scene of a smart Anglo-Colonial wedding on Thursday last, a large, fashionable, and very talkative congrega tion assembling in the edifice to witness the nuptials of Mr. Deloval Graham L'Estrange Ast- ley, eldest son of the late Mr. Frederick B. Ast- ley. of Burgh Hall, Norfolk, and Miss Kate Clark, second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Kerr Clark, of Ghoolendaadi, New South Wales. Long before the hour fixed for the ceremony — 2.15 p.m. — the sacred building was crowded, and so much gossip was indulged in by the fashion able dames present that before proceeding with the service tho Rev. Norton Thompson stepped in front of the chancel rails, and requested those present to be seated, and keep silence. The bride, wbo was given away by her father, entered the church leaning upon his arm, pre ceded by the choir singing the hymn commenc ing 'Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost. \ The officiat ing clergymen were the Rev. Arthur A. T. Crosse, vicar of Hickling, Norfolk, and the Rev. B. N. Thompson, vicar of Christ Church, Bath. The ceremony was concluded with the hymn, 'O, perfect love.' The chancel was decorated for the occasion with marguerites and palms. The bride was attired in a white satin gown, the bodice embroidered with pearls, and trimmed with chiffon, with a full Court train of very handsome brocade, tulle veil. She wore reaJ orange blossoms, and carried a bouquet of ex quisite white flowers. The bridesmaids were the Misses Marie Clark,' Muriel Clark, and Gladys Clark (sisters of the bride), Miss Blanche Astley, and Miss May Kemble. Their costumes consist ed of white satin gowns, with yokes of pale yel low chiffon, and white straw hats trimmed with yellow and white clover. The bridegroom's pre sents to the bridesmaids consisted of a beautiful design of two hearts surmounted by a crown, the whole in pearls and diamonds, and bouquets of white exotics and yellow roses tied with yel low and white streamers. The presence at the church of a guard of honor composed of the Bath troop of the North Somerset Yeomanry, of which the bridegroom is 'captain, added bright color and picturesqueness to the function. After the ceremony there was a reception at the As sembly-rooms, for which 250 accepted invitations. Tho happy pair are spending their honeymoon in North Wales." 