LORD DUFFERIK OK THE CIVIL SERVICE. AX ELOQUENT SPEECH. The Marquis of Dufferin and An presided at the annual dinner this year of the Ci*il Service, which was held in the Hotel Cecil, London. In proposing tbe toast of 'Tbe Civil Service,' ! Lord Daflerin said : When I was honoured by an imitation to preside at your annual 'banquer, and saw the list of distinguished i notabilities who had successively occupied this chair I felt that I bad no claim what ? ever to be included in so brilliant a category. 1 But on tbe other band, I reflected that, justly eminent and famous as were these personages, I there was probably not one of tbem who had ! a more extended experience of Her Majesty's Civil Service than myself, who entertained for it a greater admiration or respec, or wbo was more sensible of bis own personal debt of gratitude towards it. And, in tha£-al!uding to the Civil Sen-ant a of the Crown, I naturally include amongst tbem not only those whose duties have lain within the lin.its of Uie United Rindeora. hut also the members of the Diplomatic Service, of the Indian Citil Service, and of tbe Civil Services of our colonies, whether tbe Bcene of their la boa re be Canada, Australia, South Africa, or any of the other dependencies of Great Britain throughout tbe world. (Hear, hear.) For all these divisions and subdivisions of our honourable guild are bonnd together by n identity of effort anil tbe diversity of their several occupations can affect. The one aim and object which each and all have at heart is the honour, the safety, and tbe weHia-e of our sovereign and the mighty Empire over which she rales. Tbe dominating influence which inspires their energies and sustains them during the daily round of their often wearisome tasks is that supreme sense of duty which I have no hesita tion in saying is a distinctive note in tbe character of the British race, while the pride in their tin tits and their profession, ? he esprit de eorpx which permeates tbe entire service, has created for its guidance And conduct such wise traditiinn, so high a standard of honour, such an atmosphere of incorruptible and disinterested purity, that no taint or suspicion of venality has ever attached itself to any one of its members Gentlemen, when we survey the Civil Service as a whole, the popular and widespread sources from which it draws its being, through the medium of our competitive examinations, when werenieniber the laborious and complicated duties which it performs, above all, when we consider the way in which it embraces within its delicate filaments every phase of our national life, sustains the system, and infuses into our body politic that uniformity of purpose and operation which alone can produce consistent results, it may be safely said that no preceding age has ever contrived a more effective instrument of government or a more useful organisation. Nor would it be possible for the highly artificial fabric, or the functional activity of Her Majesty's executive, io endure for a single hour if it were not inter penetrated, stiffened and buttressed by this corroborative force. There are two elements co-existent in the conduct of human affairs ? policy and administration — but, though the cod fines of their respective jurisdictions over lap, the functions of each must of necessity be exercised within its own domain by its own hierarchy — the one consisting of trained specialists and experts, intimately conversant with the historical traditions of their own de partment and with the minutest details of the subjects with which they are concerned, the other qualified by their large converse with whatever is influential and intelligent in their own country or on the European Continent, and, above all, by their Parliamentary talents and their tactful appreciation of public opinion, to determine (be general lines aloug which die destinies of their country bhould ed. {Cheers ) But these latter, how ever great their genius, however potent the influence they may exercise over the masses of their countrymen would prove incompetent to embody their ideas io a concrete form, nnless supplied with the infinite stores of in formation, whether historical, vital, or statis tical, of which you, gentlemen, are the depositaries. Nor, even when with your assistance they have lainiully blocked out tbe rude not line of their measnres, would they be able to endow them with the opera tive energies of living legislative A eta until they have been duly eh aped and elaborated utider thti deft itianipulation of your practised hands. Again, tbie subdivisiou of labour endows the country witli another very real and whatever political talent tbe ace produces, in whatever way it pleases, without the freedom of its choice being limited by the special aptitudes of individual statesmen A Prime Minister, in distributing his Cabinet offices, can pilch liis colleagues into whatever with tbe satisfaction of knowiug that, under the prudent tutelage of the permanent officials bv which each department is manned, rbe person to whom he confides the post, pro vided only be is possessed of ihe requisite supply of good sense and general intelligence, will soon find himself a* much at home in one office ae another. (Laughter.) But not only, thanks to you and to the system you compos, can individual Minister* be cl.angerl from one office to another with impunity ; but power can pass from one Parliamentary p^iiy to the another — I will not say without damage to the country at large, for that must alwavs remain a moot point — but without the slightest disturbance of its sensitive administrative system In fact, the whole imchine continues to work as smoothly, and perhaps even uore smoothly —{laughter)— during an interregnum as tandpr tbe auspices of the .most ener cetic Cabinet. (Hear, hear.) Bat what is even more remarkable and altogether contrary to all a priori anticipations, each successive Government knows, and the nation knows, th&t;, no matter what may be tbe political complexion of the Administra tion of the day, your fidelity, your zeal, your loyalty to tbe chiefs successively assigned to you by the will of the people is as unshaken, as trne-he&rted;, and as persistent under one regime as under tbe other. Gentlemen, such an assurance implies tbe presence of qualities both in you and in tbe British nation, of which vre are all proud. Then, if we turn to the Indian Civil Service, what do we see? A body of men actuated by the same zeal, tbe same patriotism, and tbe same disinterested motives as yourselves, but work ing under very different conditions ; for their bicks are frequently weighted with the double burden of those political and administrative duties vhicbat home are separated bysodeara. line of demarcation. Yet scarcely more than a thousand of tbem have been found sufficient to conduct tbe affairs of a population amount ing to one-fifth of the human race. Living for the most part as well-nigh solitary unite, lost and smothered amid the alien multitudes* around them, they contrive, though one can scarcely tell how, to maintain unquestioned the supremacy of British rule and British civilisation throughout their enormous juris dictions, inspiring the diverse populations which constitute their charge with a feeling of awe and veneration for the Crown, which is one 'f the miracles of the age. (Cheers.) N'nr must this organisation be regarded as an artificial creation imported ready-made from the mother country. Though modified from time to time by external Executive influences, the Indian Civil Service is a self-deve loped growth and accretion, with a modus operand* , with traditions, and a gigantic conceptions of industry peculiarly its own. As a result, to those officials like tbe Viceroys and others who come io contact with it from outside it gives the impression of a living organism, vitalised in past ages, and continuing in motion through an impetus generated from within, until tbe humiliating conviction is forced upon as that we ourselves ore but ephemeral accidents attached for a brief space to the mighty whirring wheel of this extraordinary machine. What my obligations are to this noble service to tbe devoted men working in«n obscurity which is seldom penetrated by the sunshine r.f popular appreciation — (cheers) — and with the knowledge that others will reap where they have sown, no words of mine can sufficiently express. (Hear, hear.) Nor is what i have eaid of the Civil Service in £ngland, an India, aud in the colonies less trne of my colleagues in another branch of our confraternity — I mean the Diplomatic Service— whom the public ib disposed to take far lese seriously than it deserves, regarding, at all events its younger members, as a col lection of good-looking, pleasant young gentlemen, very ornamental in society, ?jut hardly inured to the severe dis cipline and the wearisome drudgery incident to mast other professions. (Laughter.) AH [ can say is that if any of these nnapprecia tivc critics were to read the laborious reports of tbes? same young gentlemen, which they are called upon to prepare upon a variety of complicated and difficult snbjects, or if they had hononred the Embassy at Constantinople with their presence during my term of office in the Sultan's capital, and bad visited the Chancery at three or four o'clock iu the morn iug— {hear, hear) —a Chancery which for weeks together was never shut during t^e twenty four hours— they would have held a different opinion. (Hear, hear.) And yet, even now, I have not touched upon your greatest merit. [ daresay in your modesty yon yourselves will w ?nder which it ib of your many excellences that I have failed to en-imerate. ^VeU, gentlemen, it is this — that in these days of endless platform speechifying and wearisome loquacity, which is lowering the p rest ice r.f the House of Commons and render ing life a burden to our statesmen, you are a ' silent folk. You never break the hearts of the reporters with your bad grammar, or exhaust the patience of public audiences with your platitudes. (Laughter.) However hard you work, you do not talk about it. A great city which I recently visited was peopled wilh statues oT dead politicians, and every ope of these marble effigies stood in an attitude of vio'ent oratorical gesticulation. (Lond laaehter.) As I passed tbem one after another I could oot help saying to myself, 'How little did all this sound and fa r^ mean at the time ; how much less has coi»e of it, and how much greater a share those who, like you, are ibe mntn servants of the state have contributed to the splendour and might of the Empire than those whose resound ing volubility has tilled the air with an evanescent clamour!' (Cheers.) And now, gentlemen, it only remains for me to tbank you for the patience with which you have listened to these imperfect observations. If I have intruded too long upon your attention, you must p- member that 1 am but the ghost of an ex-o filial revisiting the glimpses of the moon, and that in aectnding from tbe Hades which I inhaljit-a Hades whose amaranth and asphodel hi represented by the bank notes periodically scattered along the banks of our Acheron by the munificent hands of the Treasury demigods— I may at least claim tie privilege of those nTnencua. kovnid depicted in sr.ch ptttlititic terms by HomT, wbo, though destitute alike of strength nf body and power of will, are still permitted to indulge in a thin garrulity uhen some accident has brought tl em again into contact «itb their former friends of fi^ⅈ and blood wbo still walk upon «lic upper earth. (Loud Cheers.) No bill has been filed in the cane of WUIiam Bfoxanm, who, in company with a man named Suniuel I'reeman. was committed to stand Ilia trial at the sitting of the Supreme Court here | on tbe 14th instant for the theft of a silver I watch and chain, tbe property ofj»cter Joyce, I at the ArgyJe Hotel, on the 2Sth oi July last 