Social Sundries Hard luck for I. J. K. Cohn. Beaten with a poll by Oats, and thrashed with a horsewhip by Toll. Wonder which was the most galling experience ? A correspondent tells us that tlie "Our own Correspondent " at a township in the N.E. Coolgardie electorate of Cool, paper is kept chained to the Dog Act, and that in consequence his correspondence during the election has been tinged with unreliability and bitterness. We understand that the provisions of the .Vet in question prohibit a man from slaking the G.W. thirst. If so, can it be wondered at that a man should be b'itter ancl unreliable. A reporter chained to a Dog Act during election time! The people_of Coolgardie were kept on the tip-toe of anxious anticipation for a whole day before the returning-officer vouchsafed any information as to the result of the poll in Coolgardie town. Warden Finnerty refused to disclose the town returns until the returns from the whole of the polling booths in the electorate had come to hand. There appears to be nothing in the Act making this policy of secrecy imperative upon the returning-officer, and if there is nothing to prevent the declaration of the poll at each polling-booth as it is ascertained, why should it not be made known ? In the other colonies it is the practice at each polling-booth to declare the local result, the final result being declared at the central booth when the whole of the returns have come to hand. No harm could possibly be done to anybody or anything by following the practice in vogue elsewhere. This paper is looking with a pained expression on its usually cheerful countenance at the progress of affairs down atEsperance. Resident-Magistrate-Justice - of - the - Peace- Sub-Collector-of-Customs - Guvment - Medical-Officer-Pooh-Bah- etc., etc. Black seems to be on bad terms with the " Times," that despicable journal having said things which went straight to the liver of the man of multitudinous office, and settled there to the detriment of his official and unofficial temper. He is said to have darkly uttered awful threats respecting the fate in reserve for the local paper. He is alleged to have announced his intention of wiping the offending journal off the face of the earth, and it is understood that it isn't a judicious thing to cross the doctor's path when the gore in his eye is at " high-water (?)" mark, and he is bounding on the warpath with tomahawk and scalping knife in hand. We await with melancholy interest the arrival of telegrams from the seat of war, announcing that the wiping-out has been consummated, and that nothing remains of the audacious print but a deplorable heap of remains. Candidate Harney made himself uncommonly pleasant down at " our" port. It is a way he has. He also enjoyed himself. He is built that way, too. The Esperance A.N.A. were signalising something with a Cinderella when E. A. H. got there, and he attended and took a hand in the revels. Most of the girls were wearing Connolly's colors, but Harney is young, handsome, and a " jaynil" son of " Ould Oireland" to boot: So, of course, he has the " divil's own way" with the girls. If they detested him politically, they voted him a "darling" socially. Rumor has it that all the programmes were filled up before his advent, but it is also averred that the views he put forward on the platform as to the ethical propriety of breaking pledges made before his advent into the political arena were again urged, and with great success, in the ballroom. Anyway, he got all the dances he wanted, and many a local swain had to adorn the wall while his best girl was tripping it lightly with the perfidious Harney. There is some doubt out Kanowna way as to the claims of the bicycle to be regarded as a perfect means of locomotion in our western wilds. Indeed, there are said to be two wheels for sale at an enormous sacrifice out that way in consequence of misadventures which have befallen their riders. Arthur Hasthorpe, one of the Hayes' party, is said to have nearly passed in his alley in consequence of an accident occurring to" his machine while riding in from Haves' New- Find to Kanowna recently. It is said that he would never have reached the Feather alive had it not been for timely assistance. Cyclist Dave Smith, representative of the Walbrook P rospecting Association, is another. His properties lie about 100 miles beyond Kanowna, and it was while on his way to the capital of N.E. Cool, that his wheel took advantage of his unprotected condition to get him down and trample on him. His tire punctured when he was about 70 miles out and he started to push it to Kanowna. He became exhausted, and would have given up the ghost, probably, only some one providentially found him. Moral: See that you carry a spare tube when setting out on a long journey. Missis Fitzsimmons to hubby at the Fitzsimmons v. Corbett plugging match: " Hit him in the ribs. Keep at him in the ribs. Leave his jaw alone. You can't hurt his jaw." These are what J. L. Sullivan calls "cheering words and comforting 0 advice." J. L. Sullivan says that a monument will some day be erected in honor of the Governor of Nevada, "who has the manhood to appreciate fights and the courage to endorse them." This because the said Governor sanctioned the Corbett- Fitzsimmons bruising match with its usual concomitants of brutality and ruffianism. We hope the monument will take the form of a pillory J j Complaints are made as to the pollution of water m the Mt. Leonora by mobs of camels. The camels are in the charge of Afghans, who take no trouble whatever to prevent pollution of sources of water supply. It is alleged that over 200 camels have been camped at Station Creek for some time past. This is a matter that requires strict investigation. The utmost care should be taken to prevent contamination of valuable water supplies, whether by camels or horses, Afghans or Europeans. " Complaints also come from the 42-Mile. There can be no doubt that Parson Burton (Esperance) means well and is full oi zeal for holy things. He can't be accused ot moral cowardice, in some respects at least. Few men care about making themselves ridiculous, even in the hope of Heaven being the ultimate reward. But Rev. Burton is not afraid of the laughter of ungodly worldlings. Recently there was a strike in the ranks of his "mixed choir." He wanted the choir to march in procession up the church. For some reason the "processing" business didn't strike them as being their style, and they flatly refused to march. Did the rev. gentleman prove unequal to the occasion ? Not much. He ordered the choir-master to strike up a processional hymn. As soon as the sacred melody was fairly on tap he formed himself into a procession of one and marched up the church "all alone by himself," energetically warbling that hymn as he went. It was a magnificent example to the vessels of wrath in that erring choir, but they didn't take it i that way. When they got out of the fane j they laughed the loudest and longest laii"h ! that ever took place in Esperance. Thev ; also made irreverent remarks. "More ' him ' than procession," is the wav one of the members summed up the proceedings. Opposition Leake at Albany : -" The farmers had cheap land. They had cheap money through the Agricultural Bank, they had agricultural railways built for them in various parts of the country, and they cried out and got cheap freights on the railways, while farming machinery was admitted free', or at a very low duty. They had the stock tax at the back oi them, and wine duties and a practical prohibition 011 fruit importation, and then they had the oversea freights operating in their favor, and in addition to all these things they had an unprecedentedly good market." Yet Hon. Throssell says that the farmers do not open their mouths wide enough ! Farmers everywhere are a discontended race, but in this colony it looks as if they wanted the whole of heaven as well as the earth specially reserved for them. As we anticipated, Vosper got in for N.E. Cool by a substantial majority, with Harper occupying second place, and Archie Barclay and Dwyer nowhere Well, Vosper's volatile versatility will act as a counterpoise to Morgans' oppressive solidity. A poet, who ought to be shot, sends us the following concerning the benefit to be tendered to P. J. Kennedy, because his hotel was burnt down on Tuesday morning : Get drunk to-day, Pat Kenndy's benefit, Get drunk to-day. Pubs promise Pat Proceed's to-day's biz, Get drunk to-day. Bobbies won't arrrest Plunging-wobbling soakers, So get drunk to-day. Don't go home till morning, Till daylight doth appear, Get drunk to-night. Rev. J. H. L. Zillman, now lecturing on goldfields, has had a varied career. Tothersider first knew him in Hamilton. Vic., about twenty years ago. He was then in the prime of life, and a veritable pulpit thunderer. He thundered against Samuel Ballarat, though, and also against his churchwardens, from the pulpit, and in consequence lost his promised archdeaconry, j His congregation got a pretty warm time, j and his church was always crowded for the J fun of the thing. He made hosts of friends j 1 there, except amongst the narrow-minded, and his departure was regretted by all but i the dry-bones. Since then Zillman has I been all over the word, newspaper-writing, lecturing, and story-writing. He spent several years amongst the Yanks and South Sea Islanders, and can spin many a piquant yarn about the dusky belles of soft Samoa. He has been married several times—we forget how man}?. Albany Municipal Council cadging for Government grant of £600 to expend in celebrating Queen's Diamond J ubilee. What for—fireworks, or guzzle, or both? Tothersider will celebrate the jubilee, too, if Government grants £'600 for the purpose. Harper explained his position relative to the lowering of wages before the battle was finally decided. He denied that the extract from his report relative to a possible economy in the treatment of ore owino- to a fut ure cheapening of labor bore the construction placed upon it by his opponents. He is said to have explained that he made it a custom to crack up the mines under his care, and likewise to buoy up his directors with hopes for the reduction of expenses. It was all done for the good of the district. Vosper subsequently got home with the remark that a man who would mislead his employers would mislead the electors. Vosper. at Kanowna, said he didn't mind being called a professional politician much, but he would hate having to admit that he hadn't the ability to be even a second-class' amateur in politics, as Harper had done. A demand for hair dye has set in in the Last amongst workingmen upon whose heads the unkindly frosts of age have begun to Jail. Any man who has passed the mei Khan of life finds it exceedingly hard to obtain employment at any sort of worl- Employers have no use "for men on the down-grade, unless they can get them at sweating rates. Grey hairs bar a man from getting employment in almost all cases I n order to remove the evidence of a-e it i* authoritatively stated that in the Eastern colonies hair-dye _,s being largely employed hmdlay the chairman of the" Melbourne Trades Hall Council, is the authority To such a pass has Labor come ! •< The pity of it, lago, the pity of it." Owing to press of work carpenters in I erth sometimes have to work on Sundays Good biz. • One of the first Bills to come before the new Parliament will deal with the appoint ment of Circuit Judges. Not before it was needed anyhow. Where the money goes. No less a sum than .£"74,613 10s. was sent out of this colony m the shape of money orders Of th ; s amount Victoria receives £39,000- New South Wales, £15,000; South Australia £12,000; Great Britain, /5005 12s rod : Queensland £2007 17s. nd.': Tasmania' £ihoo. The various sums sent out of the colony to places other than the Eastern colonies and G.B. are not included in the above figures. The whole amount probablv represents a total of from 15,000 to-o 000 persons regularly sending out of the colonymonthly contributions for the support of relatives on the other side. S. H. Parker, the defeated Oppositionist said at an election meeting in Perth that it would be "ridiculous" to build the Cool gardie - Esperance line when a million of money was about to be spent in making Fremantle " a first-class port for the whole of the colony." Fremantle can't be made a first-class port for the whole of the colony unless the Fremantle folk can annihilate both space and time. The effect of the con struction of the Esperance line would be according to Parker, that the whole of the trade of Cool, would be carried to Esperance instead of Fremantle, which pretty con clusively proves that Esperance is the natural port of the goldfields. This fact advanced as a reason for refusing the Fsper' ance railway, is an incontestable proof ofthe other fact that it is absolutely true that the goldfields trade, in being diverted to Fremantle, is being forced into an unnatural channel to the detriment of goldfields interests. Dear Tothkrsiiier,-I knew Hamilton the victim of Kennedy's fire, well and l' dined with him just a few hours before he was so suddenly and completely cremated He was a big, fine man, splendidly built and one of the most gentlemanly fellows in W.A. He was an Englishman, and never lost his English ways. For months past his health was very bad, and he is said t have suffered severely from gout. The most reasonable explanation of his being caught in the flames is that he went into a fit aft being awakened, as he was subject to attach vS of apoplexy.—New Chum. ' United Mines Ore Reduction Works want pulling down and re-erectin^ \ s they stand at present, the manager doesn't get a show to have a fair run. The battery foundations are insecure, and the machinery shakes about 111 an unsightly way Two nights have been lost during the last weelowmg_ to shoes coming 0£f and creatine diversions, and other defects in the machinery are apparent. On Queen's Brithday Cool. Mechanic-, will revel m a fancy dress ball in aid ofthe funds of the institution. The library of the institute is coming up smiling in popularity and a few cases of new books have just been placed upon the shelves. Daisy Chard, the accomplished Tivoli siffleuse, can whistle home to the hearts of average crowds in the shortest time on record Ivy Dale still witches the patrons of the Tiv. with her arch little ditties, and Millie Herberte and Ada Mavin are also all that fancy painted them. There is a crowd of other performers who are all doing well and who deserve every encouragement The tour cornermen provide as much of the comic element as is good for a man not fitted with cast-iron ribs, and the sentimental biz likewise receives full justice. Harold G. Parsons opens the campaign lor one of the seats for the North-East Pro vmce m the Legislative Council this even mg m Cool. Mechanics. He is definitely pledged to support, the Esperance railway from Cool. There is only one voter on the roll for the North-East Province at Esperance, vet the ballot boxes for the whole of the province will not be counted until the ballot box containing one whole vote is brought up with clue pomp and counted with due ceremony by the returning officer. Glory be to the W.A system. S. H. Parker says the projected Westra han mint will entail an annual charge of /TO,000, and will only benefit the lucky digger or the "wealthy mining company" in enabling them to get perhaps a shilling per ounce more for their gold, Neither Queensland, New Zealand, nor South \frica all large producers of gold, had thought'it worth while saddling themselves wfth the cost of a mint. He might have added too that .he Sydney and Melbourne mints are earned on at a loss to their resnectb-e colonies, although thev are in reality Imperial institutions, except in so fo r - ls " , he! ; r up Keep is concerned. If those colonies uvre allowed to com silver, of course, tlvir mints would be profitable department-- 