SPORTING. At a meeting of the A.R.C. Committee held on Tuesday afternoon it was resolved— 1\. That it is desirable to appoint a stipendiary steward. 2\. That the carrying of -tile abore resolution be communicated to the committees of the South Australian Jockey Club, South Australian TattersaU's, Onkaparinjia, Racing Club, Port Adelaide Racing Club, and Carrier Racing Club, and that they be respectfully requested to consider the advisableness or otherwise of passing a similar resolution and acting with the A.R.C. in appointing a stipendiary steward to all the above clubs. Nominations for the A.R.C. Summer Meeting are due with the Secretary, Mr. S. R. Heseltme, before 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, January 19. The weights will be issued on January 21, and the acceptances close on January 20, Hear Hear was sold by Messrs. Barker Brothers to Mr. W. Goodfellow on Tuesday afternoon for 130 guineas. The Richmond— Encore colt has gone into Jenkins's stable at P&rkside.; Dalesman was purchased by Mr. W. Waslev at the John Bull Bazaar "on Tuesday afternoon. Royal Admiral and Morna Lee have been taken in hand again by Tom Keily. Fleet Admiral, who is looking well, is enjoying a short spell. Simple -Tim, with J. Harper in charge, was sent, to Sydney on Tuesday. Jack Sprat" is now being schooled over the fences. The Bowaka—Sprat gel dine jumps very well. Ola, Orb, The Ghost, and Glowworm were offered for sale by Messrs. Barker Brothers on Tuesday, but they failed to find purchasers. Mr. Harry Linn has received fair acceptances for the Xiake .Albert Races, which take place at Meningie on Thursday, and some capital sport is expected. The steamer Milang will leave jVlilang for Meningie at 6.5 a.m. sharp on Thursday, returning from Meningie at 5.30 p.m. ' The Victorian Racing-Calendar for January is to hand. _ Nominations for the Port Germein Racing Club's annual meeting, which takes place on February 3, close with the Secretary, Mr. A. Cobb, to-day. \ Marie May has changed hands, Mr. W. Kelso having purchased the ^Marvellous—Spec mare. The* jockey J. Barbour, who has been seriously ill, has gone to Ballarat for a change of air. It is reported ikat Mr. T. G. Muir, of Sydney; intends to race a few horses in England, the team including*'the three-year-old North British, by Gozo—Florrie. Honiton, -by Oudeis—Real Lace, has been purchased by Mr. S. M. Wilson, and will in future be trained by J. Cripps at Flemington. Madoap, with a, colt foal at foot, is to be sent to Tahbilk, on the Goulbum River, where Malvolio and Ascot Vale are standing. J. O'Brien; of Mordialloc, has "(says an exchange) received from Elmore a pair of youngsters by Mainstay's aire, Mainsail. One is a two-year-old gelding out of Malvina, a Malua. mare, full sister to Foliage, whom J. Leek used to have; and the other a three-year-old filly out of a Panic mare. The former is engaged in the First Caulfield Futurity Stakes to be run next - year. The annual meeting of the Milang Racing Club was held at Milang on Thursday evening, when a most satisfactory report and balancesheet were presented. The following officers were elected':—President, Mr. W. P. Dunk; Chairman, Mr. W. T. Cowan; Committee, Messrs. Rust. Walsh, H. W. Haddy, Hillier, A. Saltmarsh, W. Saltmarsh, Warren, E. Dunk, Moore. Stewart, Cameron, Tinks, Poole, W. H. Haddy, and F. Cowan; Hon. Secretary, H. Saltmarsh, jun.; Town representative, Mr. S. Whitmore; Handicapper, Mr.. H. Hughes. The programme for the April meeting was adopted, £205 being given away in stakes. The Auckland Racing Club has, owing to the defeat of the favourite. Multiform, by his stable companion,' Gold Medallist, in the Great Northern Stakes at Auckland, causing name bitterness among punters, and in order to avoid any such unpleasantness in the future, resolved that in the event of two or more horses belonging to the^came. owner running in one race they shall be bracketed together as one in the totalizator, and that if either horse wins the dividend shall be paid as for one horse. An English writer, referring recently to-the Australian horses Daimio, Ebor, and Norton, said (says the ^r<7«s) that he did not think that any of them would ever do much good in the old country, on account of the fences being so different to what they had bgen used to in Australia. Further, with regard to the relative form of the two breeds—English and Australian—he said:—"I always think that, although the Australian racehorse may be as good or better than ours, the general average is by no igeans up to the English standard." As Ebor has since won three or four steeplechases in England the critic has probably changed his tune. By-the-way, Ebor is not the sole property, of Mr. Gotlan, the vendor, J. Gardner, having retained a third interest in the horse for one of his little sons. 