ALL RIGHTS RE SERVED. ? By STEPHEN SOMERSET, Author of "On the. Track," "His Victim," "For Love and Fortune," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XX. For a few minutes after I made this terrible discovery, I hardly know what happened. I feit as though I was going mad in reality now. Then I tried to make a last fight-for freedom. " -Mr. BrookeSeld, dare you join in this a'jominable plot against me?" demanded I, fiercely turning to confront him. ">"ow, my dear Miss Linskill, lot me implore of ycu not to excite yourself in this dreadful manner. Believe me there is no plot against you. except in your own heated imagination, ^eare all your friends,"' said the traitor, in his most persuasive manner, "and we are acting in your own best interests in keeping you secluded from the gaze of strangers, as far as possible, till this unfortunate mental aberration shall have passed away." He looked me in the face with the utmost self-possession as he said this, and my uncle aiso appeared to be his old self; cool and cclleetod, but anyieiding as steel. M:sa G-reeae and a few servants, hearing the arrival of the carriage, had assembled in the hall, and were looking at one another, and at us, actors in this strange drama, with puzzled faces. They were nearly all innocent of any share in my uncle's plot, 1 believe, but I felt that any appeal to them would ba useless. They knew of my conduct on the night when I was drugged, and, indeed, my uncle had contrived that several of them should see me at the time, therefore they fully believed hini to bs, as he said, acting in my own interests, and even supposing I had succeeded in inducing any of them to demand an explanation, my uncle could have again drugged me as before, and obtained the certificate which would have given him absolute power over me. Sliss Greene evidently thought me mad, for I saw that she dared not approach me. Sugden now camo forward with the respectful, attentive demeanour which she had assumed towards me during the first weeks of her stay at the Abbey. She was evidently acting a part for the benefit of the servants who were not in the conspiracy. " Good-mornins, Ma'am. Won't you be pleased to come to your room and take oft your traveiiing dress? Everything's ready for you, and you must be tired after your journey, and if I may make so bold, I'm very glad to see you safe back, Ma'am." The woman looked the model of a faithful and attached servant as she spoke. I shrank from her with a terrible loathing. " I will not go with you to be locked up in the Grey Room, and starved as I was before. You have entered into a conspiracy with my uncle and his lawyer to kill me, and obtain my fortune," exclaimed I, wildly. I might as well have been silent. The servants only gazed at me with a kind of contemptuous pity for what they considered my demented condition. "Oh, dear no, Ma'am. I'm sure I've never had anything to do with any conspiracy against anybody* Miss Linskill. I've been a respectable servant with the best of characters all my life, Ma'am, as many can testify, and I only want to nurse and take care of you until vou are well, Ma'am. Then you can di smiss me, and choose somebody you like better." This speech evidently produced a favourable impression upon the woman's fellow-servants. "Now, Miss Linskii!, I think you will come along with ms after all," persisted the woman, approaching nearer. I hesitated. I felt I was caught in a trap. What could 1 do? " Marion," interposed my uncle, in his most resolute tones, "Sugden will attend you to your room." I glanced round, hoping, praying for help. Alas, none came. I was in an agony of fear and indignation combined, but I was helpless in their hands. I yielded, and found myself shut up in that dreadful room once more. CHAPTER XXI. For a short time after I found myself again locked up in the Grey Room, I seemed to lose my senses. I suppose I fainted, for I have no recollection of anything that happened for several hours after I sank down on the bed, utterly exhausted by the terrible excitement I had undergone. When I at length aroused from this lethargy I found that it was quite dark out of doors, but a candle was burning in the room, and on a table beside the bed was a scanty meal, evidently placed there ready for me when I recovered. Miserable as I felt, and poor as was the fa re, I ate it eagerly, for I was young and strong, and I still clung to life. When my hunger was satisfied, however, I again sank into a despondent mood. "What is before me?'' I asked myself despairingly. " Unless Hugh comes to" my rescue there seems nothing to hope for now, and my uncle has managed his plot so well hitherto that I can scarcely suppose he has neglected to provide against the possibility of Hugh interfering on my behalf. Then, what can Hugh do, even if he suspects the truth? He has nolegal right to take my part, and we are noteven openly engaged." " His father, too, when he knows that we love each other, will probably be only too glad to think that I am out of his son's way, for he bears the reputation of having a hard, unforgiving nature. "Then, supposing Hugh succeeded in bringing about an enquiry into the state of my mind, my uncle can resort to his former expedient. He has me completely in his power, and can again administer a drug that will make me appear insane when the doctors examine me. I seem in a Iabvrmth»from which there is no way of escape but death." Whilst I was indulging in these gloomv thoughts I was vaguely aware that there was a great deal of noise in the usually silent corridor outside my room, as though "furniture was being moved about, and now and then I could hear some of the servants talking. The meaning of this disturbance I did not discover, however, till much later on, and, in fact I was too much absorbed in sad thoughts to form any conjecture about it at the time when it took place. Had I thought about the incident then, I should probably have been better prepared for an alarming disaster which occurred later. Present! the noise died away again, and all was stiil. I sat staring vacantly out of the window until the faint rays of the new moon began to glimmer through the narrow panes, and the candle flickered until finally the wick fell into the socket and expired. Then, all at once I was aroused from my musings by a low. almost stealthy tap at the door of the Grey Chamber. Wild thoughts of the uncanny stories I had heard about the ghost of the Lady Hilda, which was said to haunt the room, rushed into my feverish brain at this unexpected sound. I collected my senses, however, and supposing that it was my uncle coming to pay me one of his unwelcome visits, I said— "Come in." Then I braced myself for the encounter, wondering what new threats or arguments I should have to combat. I waited a minute, but no one responded. I said, "Come in," once more, this time loudly and rather impatiently. Still no one responded to my invitation, but the soft tapping or rather scratching continued. It seemed as though some one were passing the finger ends lightly over the panels. As I sat in the dark in that eerie room all my terror began to return, for did not the gossips in Langworthy say that the uuhapny Lady Hilda could still be heard at certain times of the year scratching at the walls of the Grey Chamber in a frantic effort to escape? I had heard the servants repeat the legend many a time in my childhood, and one old woman went so far as to say that in her girlhood she had once slipped upstairs to watch for the Lady pilda, and though she had seen nothing, she had distinctly heard the ghost's " rat-ta.p" on the woodwork, and had rushed back to her fellow- servants to fall senseless at their feet. I had always supposed that some other servant played the woman a trick and afterwards feared to confess the ill-timed jest, but now, shut up alone at twilight in the Grey Chamber, I for a moment half believed the story, and shuddered to think what dreadful being'migbt be standing unseen at my side. In that moment of deadly fear I prayed that Mr. Brookefield, my uncle, Sugden, nay any human creature, would come and relieve me from the terrible strain of sitting there in the dark, listening to the stealthy movements of those unseen Sneers. I was not naturally a coward, however, and the first shock over, I summoned up my energy to confront this new terror. "Why doesn't Sugden come in?" I wondered. "The partition between our rooms is so slight that tbe noise must be nearly as audible to her aa to me. Can she be frightened? Xo. she doesn't seem that kind of woman. It's more likely she's not in her room just now," Presently I heard a voice saying something indistinctly. I I:new not what. Apparently the person speaking was not outside my door, and as T heard the voice the tapping ceased. Who's voice couid it be? The Lady Hilda's? I know not, but I failed to recognise it as that of any one known to me. Then another solution of the mystery occurred to me. " Is my uncle enacting the ghost in order to frighten me out of nay senses in good earnest?" I wondered, as I remembered vaguely having read of something of the kind having been attempted in a remote chateau in France bv the greedy relatives cf a wealthy heir. Dreadful as this contingency seemed, there was something in the idea of such baseness that roused my spirit and made me resolve to resist to the utmost of my power. "At least, Mr. Linskill. you shall never succeed in carrying out that project,"' thought I. and I went to the door and said in as firm and tranquil a tone as I could command— " Who is there?" To my intense surprise and delight a voice, rough and uncultured, but decidcdiy human, replied— "It's me, mum —Sally Spriggins, the kitching-gal, mum." I was so astonished at this uulooked for response that I was dumb for the moment. I remembered that tho kitchen-maid, whom I had scarcely seen since she entered my service, was the only one of my- former servants whom my uncle had not dismissed. I suppose he thought Sally Spriprgins too insignificant a person to be worth troubling about. Though I had seen little of the girl lately, I knew her well before she came to the Abbey, and it was at my suggestion that she was engaged. Sally was an orphan, and had lived with an aged grandmother, a pensioner of mine. She was about seventeen, one of the ugliest girls I ever saw in my life, and moreover generally considered to be " soft,'" but I knew" that Sally possessed plenty of sense beneath her outwardly stolid air, and she had lieen the kindest, most faithful of nurses to her rather exacting and unamiable relative. On the death of the latter Sally entered my service, to her infinite pride and joy, and in spite of the prejudice which all the other servants entertained against her, for her uncouth ways and odd looks, she had done her work well, and kept her place. " Was it possible that this despised girl, the drudge of the servants' hali, had actually penetrated my uncle's plot, and that she was disposed to help me?"' was the thought that flashed through my mind, as 1 softly whispered through the keyhole— "I remember, you, Sally, what do you want?" "To save you, mum, if so be I can." (To be continued tc-morroic.) 