The Storyteller. The Christian. SECOND BOOK.-THE RELIGIOUS LIFE. XIII. BY HALL CAINE, Author of "The Manxman." The stars were paling, but the day had not yet dawned when there came a knock at the door. John started and lis-<*> tened. After an interval the knock was repeated. It was a timid, hesitating tap, as if made with the tips of the fingers low down on the door. 44 Prafee be to God!" said John, and he drew the elide of tho grating. He bad expected to see a face outside, but there was nothing there. ** Who Is it ?" he asked, and there «ame no answer. He took up the lamp that was kept .burning in the hall and looked out through the bars. There was nothing Jn the darkness but an Icy mist wuich appeared to be rising from the ground. "Only another of my dreams," he thought, and he laid his hand on the slide to close it. Then he heard a sigh that seemed to rise out of the ground, and at the same moment the dog uttered a deep bay. Bo laid hold of the door and pulled it quickly open. At his feet the figure of a man was kneeling, bent double and huddled-np. " Paul t" he cried in an excited whisper. Brother Paul raised his bead. Hi* face was frightfully changed. It wtu» gray and wasted and disordered. Hte eyes wandered, hi* tips trembled, and lie looked like a man who had been flogged. "Good Lord, what a wreck!" thought John. He helped him to rice and enter. The poor creature's limbs were stiff with cold, and he stumbled from weakness us lie crossed the threshold. " But, thank God, you are back and no harm done I" said John. " How anxious •we've been! You must never go ont again—never 1 There, brother, sit there." The wandering eyes looked up with a (supplicating expression, "Forgive me, Brother Storm 1" But John would not listen. "Hnsn, brother! what have I to forgive ? How cold you are ! Your bands are like Ice. What can I do ? There's no fire m the house at this time of night—even In the kitchen It will be Oat now. But wait, I can rub you with my hands, flee, I'm [Warm and strong. There's a deal of blood In me yet. That's better, Isn't it ? Tingling, eh V That's right—that's good I Now for your feet—your feet will be cplder still." : •• No, brother, no,. I ought to bo kiss ing the feet of everybody An the house, and twklng the prnyers of the cdm •nnrnity, aud yet you " " Tut! whut nonsenee ! Let me take -off this shoe.. Deai* toe, how It sticks! 'Why you've worn it through aud .through. Look! Wiiat a mercy the enow was hard! If there had been .thaw, nowl HHow far you must have walked !" '" Yes, I've wandered a long way, brother." " You shall tell me all about it. I want to hear everything—every single thing." " There's nothing to tell. I've failed in my errand—that's all." John, who was on his knees, drew back and looked up with a light in his eyes which no word could express. "Do you mean, then . . . Have you not seen your sister ?" " No, she's gone, and nobody knows anything about her." "Well, perhaps it's for the best, brother. God's will be done, you know. If you had found her—who knows ?— you might have been tempted; but tell me everything." " I cannot do that, I'm so weak, and it's not worth while." . > ■ "But I want to hear all that hap pened. See, your feet are all right now —I've rubbed them warm again. Though I fast so much and look so thin I've a deal of life in me. And I've been pouring it all into you, haven't I ? That's because I want you to revive and be strong and tell me everything. Hush ! speak low. don't waken any body ! Did you find the hospital ?" " Yes." "Then Nurse Quayle sees nothing of your sister now ? That's the pity of the life she is leading, poor girl. No friends, no future ." "It wasn't that, brother." " What then ?" i ". : ' " The nurse was not there." A silence followed, and then John, said in another voice, " I suppose she was on holiday. It was very stupid of me; I didn't think of that Twice a year a -hospital nurse is entitled to a week's holiday, and no doubt ". " But she was gone-" "Gone? You mean left the hos pital ?" "Yes." " Wen," In a husky voice, " that isn't to be wondered at either. A high spirited girl finds it hard to be bound down to rule and regulation. But the porter—he is an intelligent man—ho would tell you where she had gone to." "I asked him—he didn't know. All he could «ay was that she left the hos pital on the morning of Lord Mayor's Show day." ' ■ . . '• That would be the 9th of November -the day we took our vows." There was another pause; the big dark eyes were wandering vacantly. " After all, he la only n porter. You asked for the matron, didn't you ?" "Yes; I thought she might know what had become of my sister. But she didn't. As for Nurse Qoayle, sue had been dismissed also, and nobody knew anything about her." John had seated himself at Paul's side, and the form itself was quivering. "Now that's just like her," he said hoarsely. " That matron was always a hard woman. And to think that in that great house of love and pity no body " " I am forgetting something, brother." " What is It ?" "The porter told me that the nurse called for her letters from time to time. She had been there that night—not half, an-hour before." i " Then you followed her, didn't you ? You asked which way she had gone, and you hurried after her ?" " Yes; but balf-an-hour in London is a week anywhere else. Let any body cross the street and she is lost more lost to sight than a ship in a storm on the ocean. And then it was New Year's Eve, and the thorough fares were crowded, and thousands of \ women were coming and going—and— What could I do r* be said helplessly* John answered scornfully, "What could yon do ? Do you ask me what could you do y* : " What would you have done V* " 1 should have tramped every street . in London and looked Into the face of • every woman I met until I had found her. I should have worn my shoes to > the welt and my skin to the bone before i I should have come crawling home like : a snail with my shell broken over my ; head." " Don't be hard on me, brother, least i of all now, when I have come home, , like a snail, as you say, with my shell broken. 1 was very tired and ill and , did all I could do. If I had been strong ' like you and brave-hearted I might have . struggled longer. But 1 did tramp the > streets and look into the women's faces. i She nonet have been among them, if [ she's living the life you speak of; but i God would not let me find her. Why '■ was it that mr search was fruitless ? Perhaps there was evil in my heart at first—l don'r mind telling you that now —but I swear to you by Him who died for us that at last I only wanted to find my sister that I might save her. But I am such a helpless creature, aud " John put his arm about Paul's 'Shoul ders. " Forgive me, brother. I was mad to talk to you like that—l who sent you out ; on that cruel night and stayed at home myself. Yon did what you could " " You think that—really ?" " Yea, only at the moment it seemed as if we had changed places somehow,, and it was I who had lost a sister find been out to find -her, and given up the search too soon and come home empty and useless and broken-spirited and " Paul was looking up at him with a face full of astonishment. " Do you re-ally think I did all I could to find her—the nurse, I mean ?" But John had turned hia own face away, and there was 110 answer. Paul tried to say something, but he could not find the words. At last, in a choked voice he murmured, "Wo must keep close together, brother; we are In the same boat now." And. feeling for John's hand, he took ,-it and held it, and they sat some minutes with bowed heads, as if a ghost were going by. "There* nothing but prayer and penance nnd fasting left to us, is there?" Still John made no reply, and the broken creature began to comfort him.. " We have peace here at all event*, and you wouldn't think what tempta tions come to you in the world when you've lost somebody, and there seems to be nothing left to live for. Shall I tell you what I did ? It was in the early morning, and I was standing in a doorway in Piccadilly. The cabs and the crowds were gone, and only the nightmen were there swilling up the dirt of the pavements with their hose-pipes and water. 'My poor girl is lost,' I thought. *We shall never see one an other again. This wicked city has ruined her, and our mother, who was so holy, was fond of her when she was a little child/ And then my heart seemed to freeze up within me—and I did it You'll think I was mad—l went to t»jt> police station and told them I had com mitted a dime. Yes, Indeed, I accused myself of murder, and began to give particular*. It was only when they no ticed ray habit that I remembered the Father, and then I refused to answer any more questions. They put me In a cell, and that was where 1 spent the night, and next morning I denied every thing aud they let me go." Then, dropping his voice to a hoarse whisper, he said, "That wasn't what brought me back, though. It was tl«o tow. You can't think what a thing the tow is until you've broken it It's like a hot Iron searing your very soul, and If you were dying and at the farthest end* of the earth, ard you bad to crawl on your hands end knees, you would come back " He would have mid more, but an at tack of coughing ailenced him, and when it was over there was a sound of some one moving In the house. " What is that ?" "It to the Father," said John. " Our TOices have wakened him." Paul straggled to his feet. • "It's only a life of penance and •offering you've come back to, my poof lad." "That's nothing- nothing at all. • . . But are yon rare you think I did everything ?" " Yon did what yon could. Are yon goto* somewhere V' " Yea, to the Father." " God blesa yon, my lad !" "And Ood bless yon, too, brotherP Half-an-hour later, by the order of the Superior, John Storm, with Brother Andrew and the Father- Minister, cairied Brother Paul to hi* cell. The bell had been rang for lands, and going up the stairs they passed the brothers coming down to service. News of Paul's return had gone through the house like a cutting wind, and certain of the brothers who had gathered in ! groups on the landings were whispering together, as if the comii>£ back had heen a Shameful thing wMch cast dis credit on all of them. It wasn't love 1 cf role that had brought the man home ; again, bnt broken health ana the want of a bed to ' die upon. Thns they ta'ked under their breath, unconscious ; of the secret operation of their own ► hearts. In a monastery, as elsewhere, t failure Is the worst disgrace. • John Storm returned to the hall with ( a firm step and eyes full of .resolution, i Hardly answering the brothers, wto ■ plied him with questions, he pushed through them with long strides, and : taking the key of the onter gate from , the place In the alcove where he had I left It, he turned towards the Father's I room. ; The day had dawned, and through > the darkness which was lifting In the i little room he could see the Father . rising from his knees. • " Father!" he cried in an excited i Voice, and his words, like his breath, ' came in gusts. I ••• What i« it, my son r* "Take this key oack again. The world ia calling me, and I cannot trust myself nt the door any longer. Put no under the rule of silence and soli tude and shut uio up in a cell or I shall break my obedience and run away as sure as heaven Is over us !" (To be contluued.) 