Till! English people, it scorns, worn fortu- nato enough to have u real ghost " on " tap " during their Christmas festivities. This, it must he confessed, was a most timely spectre, since there is nothing that tonds to make a llritish Christmas more lively than a few veritable goblins. Our London correspondent tells the story of it, and it 1ms no doubt ere this been duly investigated by the I'syeliical liesearcli Society, and embalmed in the gruesome pages of Borderland. The favored scene is u house in tlio village of Kdithwcston, in Kutlandshirc. His ghostship has rather a rowdy, though monotonous, method of milking his manifestations. He does nob appear in person, and is, therefore, not of theterrorisiugkind. lie limits his pastime to knocking, and spares his hearers the shocking. Hut as a knocking ghost ho is not easily to be van quished. Ho makes, it is said, " most " uproarious noises at' all hours of the " day and night." He sometimes per forms upon a door within a yard of a whole crowd of people, and though attempts to trap him have linen made by newly varnishing the door, the spectro lifts continued his bombardment upon it with out leaving the smallest material trace of his bullets. Thcso "manifestations" aru quite familiar to nil the villagers of Edith- weston ; anil strangers and visitors frofci distances have turned 011 the Hiintgcn rays of scientific inquiry only to bo bullied. Wo aro assured that " the persons who have " endeavored to solve the mystery include " lawyers, doctors, clergymen, police " officers and other men accustomed to " examine into evidence," and none of them have been able to lay the tips of their lingers on this disturber of their rural quiet. So the ghost still knocks. It is a somewhat curious feature of "the times we live in that, so far from the electric light having scared away from us the spectro tribe, churchyards yawn more than ever, and graves give up their dead with increased facility, at tlio end of the nineteenth century. A century and a half ago tho educated world was growing extremely sceptical about ghosts. In Dr. Johnson's time a cultured man, was looked upon as a " trillo touched " if ho oponly professed a belief in this form of tho super natural. The Cock-lane ghost was hunted to earth by an inquiry that was" deemed quite conclusive to those who took part in it. When Boswell inquired from his hero wlint opinions ho held about the dead revisiting again tho " glimpses of the " moon," the sage replied — "All reason " is against ib ; all experience for it," and then cautiously added Suppose that I should tliink that I saw a form, and heard a voice cry, " Johnson, you "aru a very wicked follow, and unless you " repent, you will certainly he punished," my own unworthincss is so deeply impressed upon my mind that I might imagine I thus saw and heard, and therefore I should not bcliovo that an external communication had .been made to me. But if a form should appear, and a voice should tell inc that a particular man had died at a particular place and a particular hour, a fact which I had 110 apprehension of, nor any means of knowing, ami this fact, with all its circumstances, should afterwards ho unques tionably proved, I should in that case ho persuaded that I had supernatural intelligence imparted to me. There is in a mental attitudo like this tho truo spirit of philosophic inquiry, that accepts nothing and denies nothing Baving only 011 what it deems sullioiont evidence. It is very dilleront from tho strain of cre dulous superstition that indnctil Lord Kelson to nail a horseshoe to the mast of tho Victory. The ten years' operations of the Psychical Hescarch Society in Eng- land, so far from exploding a bcliof in manifestations from the unseen world, have, we fancy, increased and accen tuated that boliof. And yet if we may holiovc the gentlemen themselves, and tho printed roports of their Society, they aro banded, not for the purpose of either sus taining or dissipating any form of spiritual belief, but rather for the collection and collation of facts proved on sullicient evidence." Thus when at tlie latter cml of last year there was a sudden outbreak in France of " perturbed spirits, tho Society despatched tho Abbe Brettcs to investi gate tho new phenomena on its account. There the goblins were much more, demon strative than is that of Rutlandshire. A little girl named Potiniero was tho begin ning of tho trouble. She lived at tho vil lage of T'illy-sur-Suelles, and narrated how she hail seen the apparition of tho Virgin, wearing a robo with tho letters U.S. P. Q. She herself clid not know the alphabet, and could only point out the characters when an alphabet was shown to her. SI10 alleged that she saw tlie reappearance of the figure more than 30 times. The manifestations extended. Crowds cauic to tho hamlet, as many as 18,000 in ono day. On Ascension Day 200 witnesses deposed to socing a rosy cloud rise from the ground ; 80 others testified to having seen a vision of Calvary ; 60 more wit nessed to tho apparition of a Cross. These, however, were harmless things compared with the Bights that terrified others. There wero headless bloody phantoms, a spectral lion devouring its proy, and peals of invisible bells ringing. The agent of tho Psychical Research Society examined no fewer than 1500 witnesses, and after siftinir their ovidenco I10 reported to his principals that " the supernatural certainly oxists, and " defies materialism and frcothought. " These phenomena appear to bo both " diabolical and divine. If they cannot bo " both at tho samo time, then the diaboli- " cal influence preponderates, for while an " angel of darkness can assume the nppcar- " anco of an angol of light, (in angol of " light never assumes the appearance of an " angel of darkness." Tho Psychical Research Society duly deliberated on this roporb and the accompanying ovidenco, and arrived solemnly at tho following con clusion : — 1\. Tho supernatural, as manifested at Tilly, hills defianco to all tho laws of materialism. 2\. Certain facta, but only tlioso which have been clcurly proven, scorn to boot divine origin ; others betray thoir diabolical origin. There fore wo must admit either that Tilly is tho ground on which a battle is being fought be tween the divine supernatural and the diabolical supernatural, or that all the phcnoinona of which wo liavo spoken aro the result of a demoniao inlluencc. U. Finally, our practical conclusion is thin: —That it in necessary to mako excavations in tho pluco where the nppuritlonn havo appeared, as it is likely tliut thus we may obtain valuable elements of information. So that, wo sco, instead of scientific inquiry banishing the supernatural to the regions of the fairies and the gnomes, it is, in a sort, shaking hands with the spiritual ists and working with thein along almost pnrallcl linos. Tho supernatural no longer presents itsolf in tho guise of Secret, black and miduight lings, riding through thunder clouds on broom sticks ; nor in that of restless spirits sent to their account with unatoned crimes 011 their consciences, forbidding all rest until the alienees aro expiated. Now and then we still hear of such cases. Nob long since a -i magazine writer tohl the story of a ghost who came in the shape of a pretty woman. ' Iler tronblo was that she had died, having wronged somebody' named of 3S. ioj Inquiries wero sot on foot, and on her grocer's books was found this sum standing to tho debit of tho deceased. This was certainly a ghost with aproter.. ' natural sensitivoness of conscience; and tho casos aro fortunately very rare, or an average cemetery would scarcely retain 1 per cont. of its inhabitants. The modern idea of tho ghost is anything hut blood-curdling. On the contrary, when it is met with, it almost always borders on the scientific. Tho spiritual world and the material world are not now supposed to he separated by spaco, but by state only. Just as on the physical plane wo are bridging-over distances by tho telephone, the telegraph and the railway, while some people are thinking out a means of tele graphing to Mars, so tho scientists in the " other lifo " are supposed to be busy con structing methods of communication with people who have not yet made the passage of the Styx. Ono theory is that the human I form is surrounded by a lluid envelope, I which, under certain conditions, can I bo utilised by the denizens "boyond" I as a means of hoisting out signals. All tliene are the busy speculations, strange I to say, not of. tho credulous, hut I of the inquiring. V'e often appear I on tho brink of a great discovery, I but knowledge is shy and evades thograsp, I only to reappear again in shadowy outline I anil tempt the curious to fresh eflbrt. One I thing is probable, it is not given to barren I scepticism any more than to over fond I credulity over to enlarge much the bonn- I daries of psychical science. The truly I philosophical mind is that which constantly holds itself in readiness to accept as facton sullicient testimony that which surpasses its comprehension. Certainly the man who imporativoly rojects all belief in what is loosely called the supernatural has a mighty mass of recorded evidence to explain j away, apart from that got togothor by the i Psychical Research Society. j Patriots in Franco and philosophers every. ! whore are increasingly interested in the strango diminution of the French nonnti. . tion. M. Yves Guyot estimates roughly : that one-fifth of tho families of France have 110 children, and says that this is & result of the deliberate refusal of French men and women to bceomo -parents. The suicide of an individual can be understood, but what is to bo said of the suicido of a nation ? Mr. Stoddart Dowcy, speculating on tho causes of this singular phenomenon in tho Westminster licvic w, considers that tho chief of these aro : — " 1. The legal difli- " oulties 111 tho way of marriage which are "so numerous in France. 2. Tho social " tradition which makes a dowry itcees- " sary to a daughter's marriage, and gives " prefcrenco to a son's career over a " daughter's dowry. 3. Tho barrack life " during tho natural pairing timo, which " teaches tho soldier to do without a wife, " and to practise nameless vices, whence " Bterility ensues. 4. Corsets and want " of exorcise which mako maternity fear- " fully dangerous.. 5. Tho sense of duty " which makes provision for a child for life " an obligation." These reasons ate nob qnito satisfactory. 1'arrack life is as inucli an institution in Germany nnil Russia as in France; lmt the fertility of ' 1 the people as a whole is not affected, nnd H as to tlie use of corsets and ucgicct to take I exorcise, thcso are female habits prevalent in othor countries quite as much as in France. Mr. Dewey has a theory that tho sections of French socioty which aro dying out uro chielly tlie upper and middle classes, and lie wonders whether tho riso of tho proletariat to the sur- faco may not -tend to break down tlie . traditions which aro striking at tlie nation's life, and thus provide n remedy for this curious national disease. It is to he feared that thcro is little hope from such a prospect. Tho working man s'cmbourgcoisc individually and gradu ally, and on his rise hastens to adopt the habits of liis new class and to abandon that simplicity of life which characterised tho class from which lie bos risen. What is moro likely to chock the decadence is tlie immigration of more fruitful races. It is probable, indeed, that tho decay of population would have beon much moro marked hut for the steady Btreain of new comers which lins been pouring into Franco from Italy, Belgium and Germany. Assuming that the descendants of tho immigrants retain their fertility, the nominal dccadenco will ho arrested' in time ; hut the gradual disap pearance of tlie original French race will he going on all tho same. Tho death of a race is not so very much I more remarkable than the death of an I individual. Countless race.s of men liaio I disappeared utterly. Except in the I traditions of tlie fairies there is not a trace of the small swarthy people who . inhabited the British Isles befuru tho arrival of tlie first Aryan immigrants. I»- may be said that they succumbed under - tho cruelties of tho stronger race, us J10 Peruvian natives did under the Spaniards. But wo liavo instances in our own day of the gradual dying out of native races from 110 apparent cause. Tlie Blacks in Austra lia have not, broadly speaking, been ma! treated, yet they aro passing away, nnd will probably be extinct within a limited | period. Tlioy aro not being exterminated by violence or starvation, but tlicy (bundle away for tho samo reason as tho French do — from the iufocundity of the women. I» seems to he a law of nature that contact between two races of very unequal status results inevitably in tlie elimina tion of tho weaker nice. There arc survivals of a priinitivo people in the Andaman Isles ill Formosa nnd in Japan, representing probably tho earlier inhabitants of Asia. Still tho (lis appearance of a low race in presence of n higher doos not account for tlio decay of tho population of France. The Ficiich liavo beon in tlie van of European prngres for centuries and have excelled in litem turc, art nnd war. It would be dilhiult indeed to estimate tho indebtedness of Jin Europoan nations to France, and thcro w» bo. a universal feeling of regret that she should bo threatened with decline through n failure of population. But thero is not any doubt that Franco is losing her comparative position among tho European Powers, its will be seen by the following comparison 0 tho number of births to every lniudri deaths in the principal European States 1 .— United Kingdom German Jimplro j,, Italy Austria Hungary jjjj France . . . . , . It is this pre-eminent power of reproduction which lias enabled Great Britain to plan so many new nations in various parts 0 the world, and yet maintain a stea y inorease of tho homo population. r- Holt Schooling points out how completely ' England has out-distanced Franco in tho matter of population, notwithstanding tiio colonial swarming off ' AVlton tliis century opoued Franco had a population of 27,000,000 to 28,000,009 : wo, in 1801, were under 11,000,000, ill England, Wales and Scotland, with, say, -1,0110,(100 mere ill Ireland. In I39L Franco's population was 93,300,000, anil the population of the United Kingdom was also over 38,000,000. In 1890— a census year for Franco— our population is from 39,000,910 to -10,000,000, and tiio result of the French census for April, 1890, shows a popula tion of only 38,2.70,000— so tlint during tlio courso of tho century, and before its oloso, this country lias turned tlio 1301 home population (of about one-half of Franco's 1801 population) into an actual majority. It is not a liltlo remarkable tlint, with such facts and figures before them, French statesmen should imlnlge a lust for territory and wander about tlio world in search of colonial adventures. It is only to an over populated Stats that colonies can ho nscful. It docs not seem to have occurred to the French to ask themselves what tliey arc going to do with tlifeir African posses sions, with Madagascar, Tunis or Tonquiii. We know they cannot do anything witli New Caledonia, tlio attempt to build up a colony out of convicts being a costly failure. As a roeent writer says : — " Tlio " one tiling Frenchmen cannot do witli " a colony is to fill it., Therefore their " colonies aro a hollow show — a great " parade of paper claims, a line of frontier " forts, and behind them — nothing." It is very surprising that tho French should liavo dovolopod and retained an ambition to bo a great colonising Power, one of tlio notable characteristics of tlie Celtic race being adhesion to tho natal soil in the most adverse circumstances. Tlie surplus population of Ireland was forced into emigration hy tho pressure of want, and the tenacity witli whieh tho Highland Crofters stnelc to their barron bogs was quite pathetic. The sentiment of homo love in the Frenchman is quite as acute. He declines to go abroad, oxeopt for a timo, and with a Government billot. And he has some reason. His country is not over populated, and it is a fair nnd fertile land. Tlio only surprising thing is that Frenchmen collectively should he so eager to obtain possession of colonics when not ono of them individually has tlie slightest intention to bocomo a colonist. If tiio French people woro to look tlie facts fairly in the face, tliey might not only doubt tlio wisdom of dissipating their means on tlio supply of administra tive machinery to colonics without colo nists, but tliey might seriously oonsidor wlietlierit was wortli thoir whilo to struggle for a foremost place in tlio region of tlio haute politique. Italy's premature ambition tobccomo ono of tlio Great Powers lias indicted enormouB hardships upon lior popu lation, and it is not clear what tlio French people are to gain hy running a raco in naval construction witli Groat Britain and coping with tho German Empiro in military display. If Franco romains stationary or retrogrades in the matter of population, another eon- tury will reduce her to the position of Spain, and tlio declension will be all tlio more rapid if she plungos into war, oitlier with Great Britain on tho sea or with Ger many on land. Her position in Europe now even is a little grotcsquo. She. boasts of an alliance with Russia; bntitis evi dent. enough that the understanding is not entitled to the liamo. What tlio St. Petersburg statesmen seem to have agreed upon is that France shall not ho wantonly assailed hy Germany ; and that, ou the other hand, France shall only at lier own peril wage a war of rovengo against Ger many. The common sense courso for Fiance to take just now would bo to throw herself on the protection of Europe, and set a magnuuimous example of extensive disarmament. 