TOM DICK AND HAHItV. Under the above lheading the Gundagai Times gives us tho following caustic remarks :— ! For the ten Convention seats there are 49 candidates. The first is Mr J. C. Watson, M.P., a compositor by trade-, who now lives as a labor politician. He is raw and inexperienced. W. F. Schey, who gives his occupation as Secretary of the National Protection League, in an ex-labor man and ex-freetrader, and a formidable windbag. Thomas Bawdun, of Gmfton, a fonjottcn 'politician of no' importance. W. Hughes, M.P., an ex uimirolln repairer, now a labtir uitimbcr ; W. P. Crick, M.P., solicitor, a good con stitutionalist but an erratic politician; Richard Sleath, M.P., minor, of Broken Hill riot fame ; W. S. Dowel, a rejected M.P., a melancholy figure ut tin.- Sydney stroet- corners ; Frederick Flowers, a Donmui. orntorj wlio oncu cutnu scenting a Boat in, Guudagai, and an umlesirablo oloment iii any public i^ithuring. John Ferguson,, of Broken Hill riot fame, W. G. Sjjonco, tho striko organiser, and W. A. Holinan, tho Domain orator or 'Daily Po3t' fume, como next ; and at tliuir lieuls wo find ,A. H. Griffiths, labor M.P., who puts on moro sidu with less reason than any othor man ? in tho Houso ; Gcorjjo Black, who is somewhat notorious ; tho leaner :ot tlio labor party, Mr Mciiowon, who admitted in Gundngai. that ho has not pationco to read anything about Federation, and that he gots his ideas by glistening to blokca talking1 ;'G. % C. Millor, tho mournful member for Cooma, and John Hayn&s;, M.P., who -would mako n goodmudel for a figure ropresont ing Audacity. Mr J. T. Walkor haB modo tho boat attempt at tho solution of tbo financial prohlom up to date,. and al though unuBcu to' politics, liis services would bo of groat value at tlio Conven tion. Edmund Barton, Iho leader of tlio federal movement, will. probably bo re turned at tho hoad of the poll. Ho is ahaky oil Iho railway question, but ho It open to conviction. Tho railways should, if poa siblo, bo federated, : and we nro glad to nolico that thia view is taken by Mr Wi3e. If unfedcratcd tho war of differential ratea will bo ns bad as the war of tirifTa, ana tho producers will gain little by feder ation. ' ?? ' . ' .. -'.:.? '. Sir SIcMillan, who roprcsouta tlio com mercial element, should bo returnod by a inj{ majority, xio is a morouKu itniuruiiat. Who is Henry Dawaon of Ehmbrc 1 la ho ono of tho many political failures ono meets about tho colony V Dr. CiillOn has nob tho ghost of a show. John See would' not. bo, of much uso on the Convention. R. E. O'Connor will nearly top tho poll. Sir A. Renwiok in merely1 wasting his time in stumping tho city. ;E. W. O'Sul Uvan, a professional politician, will be among the rejected j bo will R.W. Reid (whoever ho ial Frank Grimloy.'NiiKont Robortaon, L. F. Hoyd-iri(th6hcadof tho geobunj party), ? Gonflroy Eager.; and Andrew Armstrong.-. The Premier mil of course bo eloetod. Many havo responded to the- call, but low will be chosen. Tho southern electorates Tvill, wo trust, assist in*li;«epirig cranks pvt of the Conyentjim, 