"The Open Column. [This column .being- open for the expretuuon of different opinioiu on public matten, they are to be con-rfdered as thoae of om* correapondenU, and not nocnasarily endonen by as.] . To the Editor of the ' N'orthern Star.' SUNDAY OBSERANCE. i¡ 8lR,-That there ia confilium.of thought in the, mind of " Bible Student^'"-à confusion likely to be shared by- your numerous readers-is so .vident that with you permission I will en deavour to clear the ground by defining the position I take up. This course appears BO necessary that I must ask " Bible Student " to bear with it for the snke nnt only of those "who .< read, but for tbe greater reason,viz.', "that; the . truth may appear." Terms, unless defined, may be misused. Those used in this controversey are. '.' Sabbath Day"; "Sabbath of the Lord your'God" ; " Sabbath of tho Lord " ; .* Jewish Sabbath " ; "Christian Sabbath.'.',.;., ."Sunday"; and " Lord's' Day." ' * ..<.'? ? .(Sabbath means BEST ; hence these terms may ; be rendered " Day of Best " ;, I', Rest pf the ' Lord yonr God," &b.; The first four are'ap Çlicablo only to those who carno under tho Old estament dispensation, i.e., tho children of Israel and thu stranger within their gates. The latter are usod by Christians and intended to apply to the " first iiay of the week." "Christian Sabbath," though not quito Bibli cal, and therefore having the tendency to1 mis lead, is nevertheless sufficiently correct when used to express the fact that in Christian com munities there is à recognised day of physical ' rest. . ';; j, li- f.i , Sunday ". is a . Pagan expression denot ing a particular day duri vine ita name from the luminous body "sun," and has'therefore no. Îlace in this oontroversey, except: as a mark, ii fact ali names are but " words; taken at pleasure to serve for a mark (or marks) which may raise in our mind a thought like to some thought we had before, and which buing pro nounced to others, may be to them a sign of his mind."-(.Hobbs's " Computation of Logic," chapter 2.) . '« Lord's Day " is a scriptural expression, *í I -^ras in the spirit on the Lord's Dsy," «to. (Rev. 1-10), and is used by many Christians to indi cate the day that Christ arose. For until His xesurection. Christ (the anointed) bsd not earned as MAN the title nf " Lord." It is trite ' He .was all this before as being' God, but as ' nan he overcame the -serpent, bruised hiB head .nd rosea« Lord. "Therefore lut all tha house pf Israel know assuredly that God HATH MADE that same Jesus (the mao) BOTH* Lord and Christ ". (Acts 2-36.) 'Also "God hath highly wxalted Him, and OIVK.V Him a NAME," &C.; alid "that every tongue should confess that ?Jesus Christ ' (the man) is ' LORD," &C;, . (Phil. 2 9 11.) ,: The Resnreetion Day i« therefore peculiarly the ' " Lord's Day," and Christians are justified technically and spiritually in using the term and observing the day. " , .Thii much explanation him appeared neoes ? Bary.;, As to Constantine being an instrument iii God's hands for a Bpeoified purpose-the . proof is in the result. Pharaoh harrassed,' en slaved, destroyed, and would have annihilated in all probability, but he was the instrument1 in God's hands to effect a double purpose-to re deem Israel and to convince the people.'of Egypt . and the then civilised world that the " I Am " was present, interesting Himself in. the welfare ' of His creatures, and proving to them HÍB Sovereign Power as potter over the clay He had formed into human shape. The Spanish Inquisition, like the Athenian Arena, or the Jewish conspiracy, headed by 44 Saul pf Tarsus," were all instruments UBed for .. th« establishment of faith. . In the direst,'diffi culty God waa present. Human nature needed the furnace to clear it of the dross of unbelief.' ButGod, in the person of Christ, having stood the supering,-was able to' succour and sympathise and relieve, " all things work together for good toltpose-thatlovo God " (Rom 8.28.) Quite true, we have no Scriptural authority for observing Sunday as THE SABBATH OF THE IiOBD. As a matter of fact the Christian has no Sabbath except in Christ, and cannot therefore 'rest ...(or Sabbath) on any particular day, unless it be for physical recuperation. The " Sabbath of the Lord is not yet," for if Jesus had given them a rest (or Sabbath) then would he not afterwards have spoken of ''another day." "There remaineth therefore a keeping of a Sabbath tn tho people of God " (Heb. 4-8-9.). ., Thus, Mr. Editor, I think I have shown.that *. Sunday Observance," as it . is called here,, mean« the recognition of the greatest event in ? Atí HUMAN EXPKltiENCES, viz., ¡the, victory of; . Christ over sin and the gravo, the resureotion of the Redeemer, and the ; Crowning of Him .J,Lord ". to "the glory of the Father. ' Enough surely to command our homage. / I .beg to call your readers' attention to a typographical error which appeared in my last letter, viz.', "the . Holy Ghost recorded not these words without (not with) a mean , ine."-Yours, &c;, "H. W. WALPOLE. 