HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY^ TUESDAY, JULY 13.i Tho Speaker (Hon. Sir Jenkia Coles. ' K.C.M.G.) took the Chair at 2 o'clock. .'? '± QUEENSLAND FRUIT FLY. Mr. GRAINGER asked if-seebg that at tne unsoane fruit uonierence it bad been reported that tbe ravages caused by tha Queensland fruit fly were greater than those caused by tbe oodlin moth— the Government would take steps to prevent tho importation of bananas and pines from Queensland. The MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr Cockburn) would onqnire whether any risk wan being incurred through tho importation of tbe fruit mentioned. JUBILEE EXHIBITION BUILDING. Mr. BATCHELOR asked whether any alteration bad been mado in the arrangement* for the prevention of fire at the Jubilee Ex hibition Building since tbe reports upon that subject wero prepared hy Mr. Owen Smyth. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIO WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) replied that every precaution was taken to prevent the likelihood of fire, and tho report tlrcadv a»kcd for upon this subject by Mr. Scherk would be shortly laid on the table of tbe House. WEST-TERRACE CEMETEBY. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) informed Mr. SiHKUK that ho had noticed letters iu the Press complaining of the damage done to tombstones in tho West-terrace Cemetery. Tho matter had been referred to tbe Superin tendent of Publio Buildings, and tbe necessary action would be taken to prevent any future damage to the tombstones or graves. REPLY LETTER-CARDS. Mr. BATCH ELOR asked whether thft postal authorities still proposed to issue repj* letter-card;, or whether tho idea bad bom abandoned. The MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockbnrn) said the matter had been generally discussed, and the feeling among the Australian post ollires was not favourable to it. He would, howovcr, look into it again, and see if any thing could bo done. RETIREMENT OF CIVIL SERVANTS. Tho TREASURER (Hon. ¥. W. Holder) told Mr. Grainier that the Oovprnment bad no intention of bringing in a Bill under tvbich thoy could enforce the retirement of Civil servants over sixty years of age. In further reply to Mr. Giui.vgeb th« TUKASUKKR said that there would be no advantage in obtaining information fiom the other colonies on tho subject. The Govern ment had the natter under consideration on several occasions, )-ut they knew that there were many officers in the Civil serviee pt«t the ago referred to who were phvwcally »W« to carry out their duties, ana therefore tit* Government had not socn their way clear to fix anv rulo of tho kind. The Civil Service Bill Would be introduced early, so that boa. members would bo ablo to discuss that a* wall as other points at that time. SUPREME COURT MASTER'S REl'OKTS. Mr. GRAINGER asked if the Trwisi objected to briuging down copies of th* reports of tho Master of tho SupojsM Ceort upon all cases which had not bee* nMwtoil in the newspapers. ? The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. floMgr) asked the bon. member to give notic* se that he might lookup what the oasts «m Mo*» he answered. «. THE CASE OF JOHX'C&APP.; _Mr. WOOD asked it* the Commissioner of Public Works w»3 aware that John Crapp, late apprentice at the Losomotivo Workshops, had only served three yean and six months through tha short time system. If so, would the Commissioner either direct that he should nerve tbo full term agreed to by the Commis sioner of Railway* and John Orapp, sen., or rind some other suitable remunerative employ ment till the completion of the term agreed upon, viz.. lira ys.irs : if not, why not? Tho COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) was not . aware of the exact time that John Crapp bad served. There was an apprentice who had served a certain time, but the whole matter was under the Railways Commissioner, and wu carried out in accordance with the Rail* war Commissioners Act. He could bring the report of the Railways Commusioner upon the matter down to the hon. member. THE BRANDS BILL. In replv to Mr. Hocwux. the MINISTER of EDUCATION and AGRICULTURE (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) x&id; the Government were waiting for a copy of the drafe of the Brands Btli of Xoyr South Wales before intro ducing similar legislation into the House. It w.is intended to take simultaneous action with the other colonies. THE PARAFIELD CEMETERr. In answer to Mr. Castinc the COMMIS SIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G.. iTeakms) noid only tho caretaker and his assis V^ac were being employed at the Parafield . JCemstery. The object wai to cut up the ceme tery into small blocks, not necessarily for working men's blocks, but for all classes. Until the House made some other arrangement for an arlditioaal cemetery it would he unwise .o cut up the PuraSeld Cemetery for working lien's blocks. ?AYMENT OF FEDERAL DELEGATES. Mr. WOOD asked— 'Seeing the importance of the Commonwealth Bill and the urgent necessity of all South Australian legislators who were delegate* on the Convention giving Parliament ths benefit of their knowledge, for which tbev received :wo guin&u; p?r day — — Tho SPEAKER-Th.3 hoa. member is making a statement. He must ask a question. Mr. WOOD— 'Would the Government ap poin: the eleventh person on th-s electoral- list to take the place and receive the fees now beins,' drawn by tha Premier!' Tiio SPEAKER— That is not a question which is in order. Mr. CARPENTER asked— 'If, in view of tho large amount of dissatisfaction existing in inference to the payment of the Federal Con vention delegates tho Government would afford the House an early opportunity of ex pressing iu opinion as to the advisability or otherwise of amending the Federal Enabling Act!' Tlw TREASURER (Han. F. W. Holder) replied that '* the Government did not propose to ask tho House to consider the amendaicnt o; the Federal Enabling Act. Any member, however, could take an opportunity to do so if he so desired.' The TREASURER told Mr. Giuixger ?has he wsw not aware of any.corrcspondence aetwean South Australia and the other :?-!.. aies with reference to the payment of tho delegates to the Federal Convention. If there was any he wi prepared to brin? it down. Mr. FOSTER n*kwi— 'I. Is is not a fact thai oj&aio; 30 of the Federal Enabling Act, providing for payment of Convention delegates during their tarsi of service, was retained in irs original form as introduced, at the special request of the Premier, for the nake ot uni formity with tbo legislation ot otJier colonies? '. Has any other colony provided for the pay moat of delegates during the months of Slay. June. .Inly, and August, or durine any ad j'liirninent period? 3. Was it the intention of tho South Australian Legislature topaydele patea during any adjournment intorval ; and how many delegate* liave received payment for the past two months?' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. HoMer) ' 1. No. The clause was passed as introduced att-r discussion, and without discussion and without the use ot auy su;h argument. 2. No. X ¥-u. The pv/ments have baen nude to all the dolagatcs in tha siuia way as all other sratucar/ payments are nwdu.' SALARIES OF RETURNING OFFICERS. Mr.SCHERK. asked-' Have the salaries of the Returning Offwep for the province been increased; or, if not, will an amount be placed on the Estimate* for that purptwol' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) — 'I. Xo; but the work iu connoction with Crirtsot Revision ha* btaa reduced by the Electoral C-wle. 2. Nj; the pavmant of Ra turnin,' OSwra cannot at present be in creased.' MAXIM GUNS IX BOND. Mr. MACGILLIVRAY asked-'l. Have the Maxim win* belonging to tho Government in cas», and material connected with the tame, b*sa placed in bond on Collector'* order at Port Adelaide? 2. What will be the extra cost of pjactnir these goods in bond? 3. Have the Government entered into contracts with any carriers for carrying Government stores and material at Port Adelaide; and if so. with whom? 4. Is it the intention of the Govern ment in future to give opportunities to all carriers to compete for the transit of Govern ment ntores and material at Port Adelaide when doco outside the Government Depart ments?' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) — ' L Eighteen one of twenty-one cases were. 2\. £11 Si. -i. 3. Xo. 4. This is always done except wirh very »mall items regarding which contracts are inadmissible.' PORT RAILWAY ROLLING-STOCK. Mr. ARCHIBALD asked— '1. Is ic the intention of tho Government to improve the rolling-stock on the Port railway? 2. Is it true that the second-class coaches are dirty, unsuitable, and obsolete? 3. Is it true that half a gale of wind blows into the six English tirst-class coacu-» on the Port line?' Tho COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hoa. J. G. Jenkins)— '1. Yes, hut this can oaly be done gradually by the building of new carriages. 2. Xo. 3.' No.' ?IUST1GK3 OF PEACE. Mr. CALDWELL askod - - How many appointments wen mads to the Commission of the Peace during the four vears ended June SO, ISnit. and how many during the four years emled June 30. LSH7?' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder)— 'The former four years 31S, and the latter four years 375.' DISTRICT COUXCrL ELECTIONS. Mr. WOOD asked-' 1. U an election for Councillor or Auditor valid if ratepayers are allowed by the Returning O.Hcar to vote who pay their rates upon the day of election? 2. Has any District 'Council power to construe tho Act to this effect? 3. If not, can the flection he overthrown on account of such construction? 4. Would « Councillor or Auditor so elected bf disqualified and liabla r - a penalty under section 3--j of tho Act o The TREASURER f Hon.1 F. W. Holder)— ' I. Yes. 2. Yes. 3. No. 4. Xo.' Mr. BROOK Sttaskel—' 1. 1* it a fact that nt tbo r?ccnt District Coarril elections somo of tho electors had the privilege of recording thair votes between the hours of S a.m. and 7 p.m. and in others only between 9 a.m. and 5 p.B.? 2. If so, u there power to vary the -Tae*TRF.ASURF.R (Hon. F. W; Holder) — ' I and 2. The District Councils Act pro vides that the voting at elestiona shall be from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., unless earlier and later hours are prescribed by by-law. Some Councils hive bylaws lenjjtheoin;: the houre for voting, while other* adhcro to the hours provided in tho Act.' VACANCIES IN THE WATERWORKS DEPARTMENT. Mr. WOOD a*ked— ' 1. h it true that there are vacancies for two turncock* in tbo Water works Department? 2. If so. it it the inten tion of tha Gaverninent to appoint the longest ee r vice men to the piaittona, if they possets sufficient knowledge of tho v.-orfc?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)-' l. Yea. 2\. Y«m; if thay wUh for the appointments, and they have tho MqiiMto knowle.lce and experience, and are otlterwue snitablo.'1 PORT ADEL.VIDS TELEPHONE OFFICE. Mr. MAC3ILLIVRAY a&ert-;' 1. Is it the intention of tho Gsvernrnont to place a \- sum on tho Ettimitef to provide batter acram ?%moJaiioa for thoopjritorj and thn public at y^he Port Adelaide Telephono Office? 2. Is there any probability of this work being com menced dnring tin tenure of oSSoa of the present Government?'' The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. Dr. Coekburn)— '* 1. Yes.' JUBILEE HOLIDAYS FOR RAILWAY EMPLOYES. Mr. BROOEER aikeJ— '1. Is it a fact that ???nployas in th-s railwiy service havo heon treated difFnroatly ai regards Jubilee holidays— some beinj paid for the holiday, othcra having to take the qme oat? 2. If so, w!i.it is the rcaion for snch difference?' Tho COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)-' I. Tho intrusions wore that those who wcro obliged t» work npon tbi 2tnt »nd 2ind «hotiM re c:trc two days* extra holiday dnrin? the dnan cinl year 1&J7-S;, and those who did nos work w.w paid full wasea. 2. The Railways Com mi-tsi -nor h not a'jraro of any departure from this instrnction.' COMMONWEALTH BILL. Adjourned dchato on tho motion of tho Trvasursr— ?'That this House reeolvo itself into a Committee of tho Whole for tha pur \\-ryv of considering the Commonwealth Bill of 1S-7' ( Julv fi-8). The rn.Ii. Sir JOHN DOWNER said he certainly had no wish to stop debate on that moss momentotn question when he Miggcstcd that un'l.jr the Federal Enabling Act it wan only iu Committee that it would be competent for them to consider the provisions of the Bill agreed to at the Use Convention. It was from an anxiety to carrv out the will of the Howe in tlie meaning of the Statuto that his k-ig?-9ition came, and with no other object. Had hij idea bsen carried out the re sult would have been exactly the same, only they would have had the discussion »t one stage later instead of one stage earlier. This matter had been before the public of South Australia for so many yean, tho Con vention held here was of so recent a date, the attention of members bad been so constantly directed to the very fully reported proceedings of that Convention, and the presence of many of them there- had been so frequent, if not constant, that he thought postibly the time for general discussion might be considered to have passed, and that they could at once have passed on to the stage in which they could considor the details of the Bill rather than go back to its first principle*. The greater part of that Bill was, in fact, a raero repetition of the Bill passed in lS'Jl. and which had been baforo the House and the conntry now for six years. Therefore he thought he was not doing an injustice, but rather paying a tribute to tho attention and intelligence of member* to suppose they wore conversant with the terms of that Bill ; to sup pose that as the Convention was held here they were very well acquainted witb all its proceedings ; that they Icnew well the Bill which was then adopted ; and that they nii$ht fairly say they had come to a stage at which t was not necessary any longer to talk at arge npon the subject of federation. (Mr. Burgoyce— ' It might be for the benefit of the people that we should.') When the Bill had been considered by the Convention next Sep tember, and had emerged from that ordeal, then would be the time that the attention of the people must be devoted to all its provi sions. (Mr. Brooker— 'How soon?') As soon as practicable, consistent with what was , right and just to give persons who were affected an opportunity of considering the question. There was no ques tion of the Bill coming from the Convention aud being put to the vote of the people of South Australia within a few days alter. No Government— and it was in the hands of the Government that tho matter of administra tion would rest— would dare' to so hurry on the final vote on this question, vital to the vory life of tho people, without taking great care that there was a proper interval Tor the people to be ablo to study the Bill, and exer cise a deliberate and thoughtful judgment. So he owed no apology for having wished to use to tho best possible advantage the interval of timo which was left them between now and the next meeting of tho Convention. The subject of federation generally, its expediency, the benefits to be obtained on a proper system, without referring to this system at all, he did not propose now to discuss. When the Par liament of South Australia passed the Federal Enabling Bill, when the Parlia ments ot the other colonies passed similar measures, they settled tbe_ question on which so many sentlemen in this Houso had bsen agreed for many yean that federation would be undoubtedly a good thing; the only question was on what terms it should be obtained. None of them at any time, not oven the most ardent Federationists. ever said he was prepared to take federation on any terms. (Mr. Brooker— 'Not in so many words. *|) Nor in substance. Rather than see something established under the name of federation which would, put us merely as a tag on to the tail of the larger colonies he would continue under our present condition of self governmont. Federation could only be good where the terms were fair and proper. For his part he had never been one of those who, actuated by mere provincialism, had been insisting on terms and conditions not justified by the circumstances. Ho asked for no giving away of rights on tho part of the other colonies which should not be given away, nor for any assertion of onr own rights which should notbeasuerted. The very ba*U_of fed erationwa» compromise. In fact federation was compro mise. It was tho compromise between a kingdom and tho govermnout of smaller States by themselves. It was in its essence a compromise. Asking for no benefits and determined to confer none; asking for what was fair and right and reasonable, he ardently believed in federation, out, while thinking that these colonies could not reach their maturity without some such system, still thought they might well postpone it if the term* insisted on by our more important neighbours were such as to destroy the individuality of ourselves. He had listened with pleasure, though not always with porfect agreement, to the speeches made. It was only by the conflict of minds that they could hope to arrive at the truth, and he was sure the House, like himself, had listened to the able and scholarly speech of Mr. Glynn with a great deal of pleasure, and also to tho straightforward speech made by Mr. McPherson, although he entirely dis agreed with both those gentlemen so far as a portion of their arguments was concerned. Sofora be sat down he would show the House his reasons, and hoped— what might be a very forlorn hope— to even convince one or both of those gentlemen that the viows they were adopting through fear of a bogie they called ??conservatism would have the effect of doing precisely and exactly what, at all events, Mr. McPherson would never agree to. would prevent this federation being a fede ration at all, and wonld make this the first _ step, aod _ that a very large one, in the direction of consolidation of the colonies. He agreed with Mr. McPherson that charity began at home. The hon. member put it in a very pretty quotation which well expressed his meaning. He (Sir John) bolieved in no patriotism that did not begin with the love of home aad with duty to those to whom we owed duty. It was from the very intimate relations of husband and wife, of parents and children, of brothers and sisters with tho infinite ramifications of collaterial relations that the national life bad to spring. He had but little sympathy with thuso ardent patriots who began by showing their love of their country oy deserting or neglecting those to whom they owed im mediate adhesion. It was from this point of view of agreeing with Mr. McPherson that he had always taken tho position that he had done. Although in the long run he agreed witb him that the voice of tho people— and they wonld be the people of all Australia— must rule: although he agreed that th« welfare of the people was the highest of all laws, still constitutional cheeks were neces sary to be sura that the voice uttered was the result of thought and delibera tion and that we were not giving away under the sudden impulse of tho moment the liberties which our forefathers and ourselves had struggled so long to maintain. Nor did he think that Mr. McPherson was altogether prepared to trust to the voice of the people of the whole of Australia in affairs concerning South Australia. He asked Mr. McPherson when he was speaking if be would be satisfied that tho people of England should govern Australia. Ho was not clear. He asked him if he were willing that the people of Now South Wales, which had a larger popu lation than we had, should govern South Australia, and he replied in effect. *'Yia, if we had equal representation.' (Mr. McPherson—' I was speaking of equal voting D3wer.') Well, supposing the voting power bere was one and the voting powor of New South Wales wa3 twenty, would the hon. jrentleraan still be willing to hand over the government of this colony to the nineteen others in Now Sonth Wales? (Mr. McPher son — ' I was speaking about the basis of the franchise.') Of course, ho would not. The arguments of Mr. McPherson and of Mr. Glynn were constantly self-destructive. In one breath they bad urged that we could govern ourselves much better than a larger Government could govern us, that, therefore, we ought to be carefn in entering into the federation that all the colonies originally wero practically one colony, and though circumstances and neces sities of the occasion made it necessary to divide them into many colonies, to go in for what in effect wonld he consolidation of the whole would be going back to a primitive condition which we left because we found it was disadvantageous. And yet in the same breath it was urged that if they did this they were to trust the people— a term with which he agreed in substance— and bo perfectly satisfied that though wo might get a minority of 1 to 20 against the Iargor colonies these larger'colonioa wonld do us nothing bnt justice. L-jc them consider what they were going to do. Were they to reach a condition in which all the colonies had been brought into one federa tion or commonwealth? There was much to be 'said for it. An immense amount of oxponso was to be saved by doing it: an immense nombar of departments could be consolidated if this change were made: and if we brought into this new Constitution everything to be properly aad wisely done as the smaller communities would do it for themselves it wonld possibly be a reason for agreeing to it But there came the question— Where would the Govern mont be? Ours wonld havo gone. The Government of the larger colonies would havo come, and to stay. Ho supposed hon. mem bora had read the debates in the New Sonth Wales Parliament Some of those speeches wero vehemently opposed to federation alto gether. (Mr. Solomon— 'There is# a good deal of partv politics underneath it') Of course, a good deal was being made of it as a party qnestion whea it should not be. Un doubtedly in New South Wales in the first place there was an immenso appreciation of thoir own importance, an J secondly an under lying fear that they might lose by the new transaction. Ono of the members in particular Mid— 'What is the good of the argument when we cannot reckon the circumstances of tho colonies in the future from their condition to-day?' Tho only nse, said that hnn. member, of tho valuo of the oolony was its rainfall Thoymaymakediscoveriesofminerata which givo them a temporary advantage, but in the long run when all these accidental an- not lasting sources of wealth were exhausted wo had to come baok to the only permanent source of wealth, and that was the productive ness of the soil, which was determined by the rainfall. Arguing in that way and asserting ttiat tho present conditions and relations of the colooies must approximately continue, and could not be very much altered,' they said — 'If the other colonies want to join us they can,, '?but why should wo h*nd over on even.- term* in anr particular the control of our liberty to lose colonies which cannot by the very laws ot nature advance as we must advance. Mr. Glynn said it could not be considered in any way a party question, and ho said that by any ethics that were introduced into potitical life in England foreign matters wero not con sidered party politics, and so far as dealings with the other colonies were concerned they were practically dealing with foreign politics, and therefore by analogy could not be con sidered party questions. iMr. Glynn — 'That was iu reply to an interjection upon a non essential point.') It was a very important reply, and as it happened to bo what he thought was an exceedingly correct onehecould not help dwelling upon it,* because he thought highly of the hon. member, and he always delighted to follow him when he thought that his suggestions were consistent with sound reason. It was .said that in creating tho Con stitution they had to be carcfnl not to create a too conservative body. Conservatism and liberalism were party questions. There were no such matters as conservatism and libe ralism when dealing with foreigu Powers. The greatest Radical in England became Con servative when the rights of the country were involved. _ The (rr- atest Radical in South Australia would bo tho most violent Conservative when he found that the liberty and rights of his country or class were involved. It was human nature to be so. Liberal, Radical, and Conservative wore only terms thnt could be applied to internal con cerns with reterencc to the distribution of wealth, of taxation, and the improvement of the people ; but when they cam* to a question outside their own kinedoin then party ques tions were gone. (Mr. McPherson —' Is this not a question of the improvement of the people?') He was going to deal with that aspect. But in matter.) of foreign relation party politics were gone, and all stood shoulder to shoulder, forgetting all feud.% which pro bably grew out of words because of feelings that were, thank God, only transitory, feel ing the insignificance of their smali disputes compared with the necessity of defending their _ country — so he snid there was _ no question, _ and could bo no question, of party in the matter. That part of the population of South Australia who were not in sympathy with him in his general political yiews would almost to a man agree with him in this— that they would stand together against being dominated by the people of any other colony, and he was sure if it came to that he would have tho most hearty assistance of Mr. McPherson, and bo would have his. Re moving those matters that deflected from the main point — remembering it was a question of foreign politics and not of home management —let them consider what they proposed to do. He thought he might say that overy man agreed with him that they were not prepared for the wiping out _ of South Australia and making it a portion of Aus tralian government. They were not pre pared for federation unless they could obtain it upon terms that would not interfore with the vitality of South Australia as a Govern ment Let them considor what was the federation they were prepared for, and in con sidering that it was quite impossible not to look at the history of the world in order to discover how those relations would work out, because they might depend upon it, whether they lived in the nineteenth century or B.C.. human nature was very much the same at all times, and that the same causes wonld bring out very much the same results. Now what they agreed was that they wore not going to have a federation that would endanger their own entity, and the question was— How were they going to obtain it? Reading the New South Wales debates one question was dwelt upon— a matter that was, he did not say not debated, becau-se it was, but not very vehemently or seriously discuuod at the Convention in 1801 , and which be did not think was discussed with much seriousness at the Convention in 1S07— and that was equal representation of all the colonies in ono House. (Mr. Price — 'That was granted to us. *') Ho did not say it was the only attack, because there wero others, but the cardinal attack made by one member after another in Now South Wales upon which they called their delegates traitors, and im puted all manner of unpleasant things, was — ''What possible right had yon to concede equal representation in tho Senate?' They pooh-poohed the question of right of amend ment of Money Bills or to alter them by right of suggestion. They said ic came to tho Mine thing, and that the Senate had the power of veto, which was greater, but they said — ''You practically handed over to the smaller colonies tho control of our own matters, which are of the highest importance, and in the defence of our liberty you have let them havo an equal voice with us.' They pointed out that in their own Houso they had 123 members dealing with their own internal concern*, but in the federation they would have twenty- three— some say twenty-six— members, and the delesitcs were going to hand over to those twenty-three or twonty-six all the most important rights and liberties that they possessed under their Constitution. Some members he thought had forgotten what must bo the foundation principles on which a federation should proceed. The individuality of each State must be preserved. _ That was the condition without which the thing did not take place, but whilst preserving their rights they banded over, subject to limitations and conditions, certain powers to the people treated as a whole. When the- American Constitution was being so loug*ndiwablydi»cussedthegreat objection by the smaller States was to tho representation throughout the Republic of the people, and it was only when those who required the larger States to be more fully considered conceded them an equal representa tion in tbo Senate that tho smaller States agreed to a popular representation in tho lower branch of the Legislature. Mr. Glynn had said that the members of the Senate were too wealthy to be bribed, but they were corrupt in that they bribed others. This doubtless was a clevar piece of repartee in answer to an interjection by Mr. O'Malley. What he wanted to know, however, was— 'Where was the authority for tho state ment that the American Constitution was not a satisfactory Constitution so far as the Senate and the House of Represen tatives were concerned? It was the greatest libel ever uttered against the greatest Consti tution the world had evor known. To say that it was not perfect was to say that it was made and worked out by human beiugs, and to aay that corruption would not be practised at times would be to deny their general know ledge of humanity. (Mr. Archibald—' Is is more corrupt than Lngland was in Robert Walpole's time, and ten times more corrupt than it is to-day.') The people's voice must rule, and members must recognise that tho people of the United States had some voice in this matter, and were entitled to be heard : and the majority of the people of the United States were vehemently in favour of their Sonato, which they looked upon as the safeguard of their Constitution, and which they would not allow to be altered. Brvce. 6peakiug about it— au authority of recognised eminence— said:— 'It is a part of their Constitution of which they are proudest, and foreign nations looking on have eulogized it not only more than the Americans but more than the circumstances quite justified.' That that body was held in the highest esteem, and looked upon as the most august Parliamentary tribunal tho world knew, was the opinion not only of the vast majority of tho people of America but of all the leading thinkers throughout Europe. (Mr. Price— 'Tho Marquis of Salisbury says it') He left out whether the Marquis of Salisbury or Mr. Gladstone or Mr. Price said it ; he left out all questions of the highest and co-oqual authori ties, and simply said that the people of America could deal with that Constitution as they pleased. He met these hon. gentlemen with the arguments out of their own mouths. He said that that which was wrong and immoral and unrighteous could not stand. The will of the people must rule, and the best proof cf the excellence of an institution was not to be found in the opinion of Browu, Jones, and Robinson, but in the fact that the people contiuued it or altered it. (Mr. McPberson— 'The Supreme Court says they can't.') There came in more inconsistent argument The best proof 'of it was that the people allowed ' it to remain. What did they say in Sydney? Why, if they made an uniust Constitution the will of the people must rule, and the result must be bloodshed, and that which we wonld not concade by f rendly legislation would be exacted from us at the point of the sword. Why had these wrongs not been redressed at the point of the sword? They had a Supreme Court with paramount authority, but practi cally without any Executive to carry it out That authority rested on the good will of the people and their obedience to the law, and for members to say that for 100 yean the will of the paoplo which ought to havo been paramount had not ruled was to deny thqir own argument Let him give another instanco in which, to his mind, this matter was demonstrated. That Senate had been charged with producing the War of the Secession, and with being responsible for the continuance of slaver}-. The Senate had been charged with the responsibility of producing all tho bloodshed that came from that fearful civil war. (Mr. Grainger— 'You must blamo some one ;' and Mr. Archibald—' Tho Senate are not blamed for it') Ho assured Mr. Archibald that they were. (Mr. Hourigan— 'Thoy deserve ; it') Ho could well understand ' that in times of peace, without an autocrat and a standing army, it might bo inconvenient to bring pressure to bear that would produce revolutionary results. But that was not quite the position after tbo secession of the Southern States. * Then they had a powerful army sufficient to enforce any demands, but, simntlariy enough, not a »tep was taken by tho North or the powerful army at its back to reform the Senate. They never set np that the cause of all this worry and bloodshed was tin* homicidal Senate, but they allowed it to remain in all its authority, com petent and powerful as previously, and still under the samo direction. (Mr. Grainger— 'A very strong argument against a second House..') He claimed that the will of the people mute rule. It would rule through peaceful and quiet method* if there was the opportunity of practising them, but throush ,var and bloodshed if ic could be obtained on io other terms; and he said that the people of America, through quiet and peaceful tunes, through war aud bloodshed, had affirmed their Constitution, and considered tho Senate which, arrogantly, wine persons irre sponsibly dared tochallengo, as the proudest portion of their Constitution, and the one thoy would be least willing to part with. Tho im portance of all tbis was the analogy of tho Constitution proposed to be eatabiwhed here with the Constitution which was established there. When thoy came to theirownConstitution they had tho samo old played-out arguments that they had when the American Constitution was framed. They were told by Mr. Glynn that they should insist upon having equal representation in numbers in the Senate, but tho powers should not be co-ordinate. What a farce to say '' insist upon numbers' if they denied tho powers. What a living, lying sham it would bo. (Mr. Glynn— ' You surely do not think I said that claptrap? I said co-ordiuate in everything but in Money Bills.') Uu bulievcd in federation and in running some risks to obtain it,' but ho wanted to minimise those risks as far as possible. What he wanted to see was a federation established on the only basis that had ever been recognised. Ho would quote the words of a great writer, who kuew nothing of Australian aspirations for federation, who was simply dealing with the foundation principles on which federation should be established. Freeman, in '' Greece and Italy,1' said — 'The principle of equality of votes for every State great and small has always beeu adhered to in one branch of the Federal Legislature, and it has always been rightly defended as a necessary check on the supremacy of mere numbers.' All the other authorities said identically the samo thing, aud what was much more impor tant than tho casual or careful writings of stupid or ahl i men was that in tho history of the past it had been the invariable rule. It was tho rule in th? old Grecian davs that Freeman wroto about ; it was the rule adopted in the American Constitution ; it was the rule adopted in tho Swiss Constitution; but not the rule adopted iu the Canadian Constitution, because it wasuot a legitimate Constitution at all. The Canadian Constitution was tho work of a powerful President, of a man of great forco who was at the head of affairs, who wanted his own way in everything and bad it protty nearly; and whoa the fede ration of the provinces of Canada was mooted the view that Sir John MacDonald took was undoubtedly to bring about a consolidation. He wished like the hon. member to havo one House so that tho small States would merge in the larger ones, and that he probabiy would hare the government of the whole. (Mr. O'Malley-'So be did.') bo he did. although be did not obtain it in form he obtained it in substance. No federation was to bo established on the bi- cameral system, and the United States was pointed to in away which would not be done in the calm coaler atmosphere of Australia. (Commissioner of Public Works— '.Especially at thac tirao.') When the very object was to band themselves together against a possiblo invasion from the States. Sir John MacDonald got them to agree nnder the pretence of giving them what they wanted— even representation in tho Upper Chamber — that the second branch of the Legislature should ba composed of two men from each province appointed for life, and nominated and appointed by the Execu tive Government. What was the inevitable result? (Mr. Price— ' Don't you think that is a slander on the Canadian nation to say that they were worked by one man?') There were grtat men who dominated tho minds and actions of the people while leaving with the people the impression that tbey were actiug of their own volition, and then in after years somebody camo who looked back on the past without prejudice and with out feeling, and he detected what was the motive power of action, and said that that man baa dono it all. Generally one man did everything and the other* followed. Whether Sir John MacDonald worked for sole power or the others backed him up the undoubted re sult was the same. Under the pretence of having two Houses they had only one in substance. The Constitution of tbo other as time went on would make it more and more responsible to tho popular Chamber, and decrease its authority and dignity until it ceased in a wretched grave. The Swiss in 1848, after examining carefully tho American precedent, substantially adopted it, but in * way of their own, and in a raauner which preserved their own idiosyncrames. Tho referendum was not introduced then. That was an old Swiss law which bad existed for ages, and what they imported was suited to the genius of the people, suited to the natural con ditions under which they lived, and above all suited to themselves. They added on to the American system the power of veto by the referendum, not a power to make further legislation; only the power of denial. (Mr. Batchclor— ' The initiative camo later.') He did not look upon the initiative as an essential part of the scheme. He did not wiith to go into elaboration, he wanted to address himself to the crucial questions. All they asked to day was that if they consented like thn smaller American States to join in tho federal bond, if they consented to be placed in au infinite minority so far as tbo popular House was concerned, by treating Australia us one nation, for the purpose of electing that House, they should have the same guarantee to pre serve their position as thoso States, and that guarantee had always been given in every true federal Government, not only by equal repre sentation in ths Senate, but in addition by the bestowal ou the Senate of powers co ordinate with those of the popular House. It wai said that in America they had not tha same powers, but they bad a great deal more. In America they bad handed over to thempeaceorwar,andtheeontrolofcivildepart raentfc. And so the Senate in America, although in one particular it had not the power of origination, yet in the vast executive matters* that were more important than the powers of legislation they nad authority far more than counter-balancing the mere provision that the initiation of taxation should not bo with them. This was an illogical House from tho point of view of the gentle men who argued for the largar colonies. Thoy laid this Senate of ours would beeomo superior in importance to the people's House, and that it would be a high conservative House that would rule with a rod of irou the House vastly superior in numbers which represented the pooplo of the States, but they did not say a single word about this— that the great authority and superiority —if there wero any— of the Senate, bad come from the fact of its controlling peace and war and foreign affairs, and its generally immense executive authority. ' So far from giving way one iota in the assertion of the co equal rights of the Sena» with the House of Representatives, if any member could suggest to him anything else in which its authority could be strengthened he wonld. very carefully consider it with a view to its support He was not prepared to be lieve, however, that all these speeches in New South Wales represented the views of the people. They had Mr. Barton, Mr. O'Connor, aud others returned by and fresh from the peopio, and returned to the Conven tion by immense majorities too, and yet these men spoke of them as traitors and recreants and condemned their aotion. If there ever was a time when they should stand fast to their cardinal principles now was the time, and should tha people in the end find it well that there should bo an agreement to some modification that would not bo vital, that was a matter that could well be considered here after. Leaving the Parliament, let them go to -the Executive, which was even more imoDrtaxn. Micholet, the historian, said— 'Make what Iaw3 you like, so long as you give mo the administration of thorn. So far as tht Executivo was concerned they had batter alter the Bill a little. The Bill provided in effect that the members of the Executive must be members of Parliament, by saying that it should not be lawful for any person who was a Minister to continue in office more than three months unless he was a member of Parliament What thoy wanted first of all was to establish their Parliamentary institutions on a hasis that would prevent their liberty baing endangered, and would secura to the Commonwealth the authority to do things which thoir Constitution authorized them to do. It wa) very difficult to know what form of Government would automatically come out of this Constitution. The Constitution had to be hide-bound and letter-bound to some extont, because it was a contract, and they must have it moderately clear. But they wanted at the same time to render it elastic under circum stances where elasticity was required, and this particular matter as to the mode in which the Executive should continue was a matter not for definite regulation^ but for evolution to find out the best form of Executive to serve the Constitution. They established two Houses with co-ordinate powers— not an Upper and a Lawer House, but a Cmncil of the State*, and a Hoiro representing the psoplo. What form of Executive would best a?t so as to carry out the intentions of the Constitution tbev hod better leave to those House* to determine, and that could be done by leaving the Bill of 1SDI just iu tho form in which it was. Members know that the American Exocuti vo members were nut allowed to be in Parliament The framers of that Constitution were affected a great deal by the writings of Montesquieu, who thought there could not be a Minister who was not subject to the supremo authority. Tho Swiss, on the contrary, whilst requiring their Ministers to bo selected from members of Parliament, yot mado them in effect cease to l-e members of Parliament the moment they were appointed Ministers. At the bvinnin- of every fresh Parliament, which lasted for three years, the two Houses appointed an Executive to hold office during tho duration of the Home, and the moment these Miniate wero appointed they ceased to We entitled to voto on any^ubj-.vit. but wero en tilled to .-;o into either House for the purpose of directing the attention of tbo Houso to any menure3 brought forward. So that practically the American and Swiss Constitutions had done the same thing, only ths American Constitu tion said Minister* must not b* in the House at all, neither for the purpose of voting nor Explaining, whil* tbo Swiss said, ' We limit you in the choice of your Ministry ; it must be taken from the momben of tho Houses, but Che moment thoy are elected they cease to be operative members of the House so far as voting is concerned, but have a right to go in and explain their view*. He was arguing for a relaxation of the rigidity of the Act, and leaving it broad enough for them to adopt the Swiss or American or English systems of executive, if, as the result of experience thoy found it expedient. ' Don't be too hidebound at the start,' he Mid. The vory essence of the arguments of those who opposed federation was that government was a question of evolution, and that federalism was essentially bound and tied down by words, letters, and figures. Tbe great argument acraiust federation was want of elasticity. Therefore lee them astablish federation on a basis that would do justice to the Commonwealth and protect themselves, and thon leavo them to find out tho best Executive that would suit tho circumstances of a form of government unknown to history and unknown to English laws. But others said ' Oh, let's have what we're used to.' He did not blame them for that, for it was a purely English way of looking at matter* to say 'Oh, bother these now things.' And it was also au argument against federation, but having resolved on this new thing, having said they must go to a different climato where tho wholo circumstances of living and the manners and customs of the inhabitants were entirely different, were they to insist on living and acting exactly as if they wcro in the samo circumstances as 'before? If ihty ones established the principle of responsible government they killed fede ration. If they once Raid there must be responsible government they meant that there must bo a Government entitled, according to English notions, to hold office during tho will of tho people's Hou-*c. That would to a cer tainty kill the substance and essenco of fede ration. If they established their federation declaring that that was to be the Government under w'uich they wore to live, than they Lauded over the aanv.ni ttr*tion to a body re sponsible only to one Houso, aud stigma tized tbe other branch of the Legislature with the brand of inferiority. They said it was not to bo as good as the other, and that although it was to have a voico in the making of the laws it was to havenoneinadininUtering them ; and seeinpthat tha House would notsit for more than two or th ree months in tha year there would be nine or ten months in which a Ministry re sponsible only to the Lower House, only romovable by the Lower House, not liable to impeachment or anything of that sort, could deal as it pleased with the government of the Commonwealth, and tho other Houso would practically be unable to do anything. We should have the position of the House of Lords repeated. When we said the Houso was to iiava no power to amend Money Bills we pnt tho brand of inferiority on it. When we said in effoot that the control of tbe money was to bo simply with the House of the people we said in effect that the House of the people was to have control of the whole government, because responsible government as we under stood it came simply and solely to us through our insistonco that the peopio s Hotue should have control of the money. There was a term wollknown to jurists— con ventiou of theConsti tntion. That was the understanding on which the Constitution was framed. It was superior to the letter of the Constitution, and was taken to interpret nomotimos both the letter and the spirit, and we would have at the beginning of this federation not only a declaration of iu feriority, but a convention of tha Constitution addod to tin letter, which would still more odd to the power and dignity of the other Houso. (Mr. Bjrjcoyue — 'It ia no brand of inferiority if it ia expedient'! In practice it wonld come to the same thing, whatever thoy called it If tiioy gave tho Executive to the ono House, and if they gave tho money to the ono House, they were giving the government to that Uouso, and he defied any one to deny it. That was, in plaiu English, what thoy wanted to do bere. If it were said that the otbor House had tho veto, thon be would say no had the House of Lords ; but the House of Lords did not exorcise it There again the authority came in. Under the Constitution they could exercise, it, but under the con vention of tho Constitution the House of Lords must not exorciso it, ' and they did not; and practically it was tbe same with our Upper House, though to a less extent If vrewere gointr to establish the federation on the lines sanctioned by thought ful men and experience of past nations, we most insist first- of all on Baring an equal representation, both in numbers and substance, in one branch of the Legislature, and we must utterly repudiate tho idea that we started the great Commonwealth with any system of go vernment which was inapplicable and an tagonistie to the new conditions, and which must bare tho inevitable result in a very short time of defeating all our careful provisions for protecting our rights and interests, and. whilst seeming to give tho shadow of authority, taking away most effectively, and for ever, the whole of, the substance. Ho quite agreed that wo could not see how this would work out with any clear vision. We had to trust much to the fairness aad method which those representing us carried out tho dutios imposed upon them, but it could be depended that the House which bad the greater authority would attract tho greatest and brightest intellect*, and that tho other Howe would suffer in proportion to its being supplied merely by meu of lower calibre. It they wanted to keep the States House, that in which there would as it were bo ambassa dors representing independent sovereignties, they mu3t give an invitation to tho cleverest and brightest men to go there, and just in proportion as they failed in that, by the course of evolution quite apart from Statute, we would have the Upper House getting weaker and weaker aud the Lower House getting stronger and stronger. In Switzerland tbe mode of election and other conditions were left to each State in the Senate, and the result was, as Dr. Vincent stated, the quality of the men returned had degenerated. The Senate did not attract the best men as it would if they were returned in a certain way and on surer conditions, and. what was the centre of gravity in 'America was in Switzer land gradually getting more away from the Senate and gutting tbe balance on tbe side of the people's House.. (Mr. McPherson— ' The Lower House is 'getting moire* in touch with the people.') That did not follow. Getting in touch with the people; the voice of the people. These were words of dear sounding but doubtful significance. He was lately struck by a remark of Mr. McMillan, who said— 'Public opinion, so far as I know it, is the trumpets and kettledrums sounded by blatant politicians as they go down tho street. Mr. Archibald— 'He ought to be a. good judge. ') Just so; that was why he quoted him. (Mr. Archibald— 'That is the only public opinion ha knows anything about') Still ho would quote aeentleman on tbe hon. member'* aide. 3Ir. Haynessaid the election to tho Federal Convention was no test at alL He naid that the' religious question came in, and as a result 50,000 people who could not be got from their homes to vote on a most serious matter of political importance went up and voted for the ten jnou who wero returned. The 30,000 there turned the scale, and he sup posed those 30,000 might fairly be said to have some public opinion. Therefore, bis friend Mr. McMillan's remark was not alto gether unjustified. After all he would advise the House to strike out that provision compelling Ministers to be members of Parliament and then let it work itself out taking care that Parliament was established on a proper basis, and letting Parliament establish the Executive. They should put in words wide enough to enable them to adopt what system of government they liked best (Mr. .Roberts— 'Which par ticular form do you prefer?') He wonld go as the Federal Parliament pleased. In the first instanco the Crown would appoint the Ministers; that rested with tho Governor Genoral, who would probably appoint the men who were most highly thought of. (Mr. Roberts— 'What form do you prefer; the Swiss, English, or American?') Ponwnally he did not object ' to responsible government, but he objeoted to the Government being responsible to one House. He could not see any a priori objection to having the Govern ment responsible to both Houses. That was really what it would be when it was first appointed, and that would be the solution of the difficulty,, If thoy found that Govern ment responsible to both Houses would not work they must agree to some other form which wonld suit the Federation. Personally he was anruing as he did before tbe Coavoutiou. Responsible government was a term they used with a special signification. Of course every Government wa.* responsible, and the question was, towhem they were responsible (Mr. Burgoyne— ' Who is going to put the pressure on?') That would be the Parlia monr, and if they established the Hoube upon terms fair to tho Commonwealth and gavo the Governor-General power to appoint the T-Ixocutive thev would send the ship of State out, and could expect that it would reach a port— not perhaps die port they expected, but a part of .safctv. Tlio next point ho would montion would bo the Court In America tiio guardian of tho Constitution was tho Supremo Court. In Switzerland thore w.ii n'o guardian of tho Constitution. It was a contract they proponed to make, and the contract was useless unless they had tbe means ot enforcing it If tho contract they made was to be Mt to tho other jierson to enforce ho was Afraid the result would no; bs satisfactory. We were mi); in;,' a contract with the 'larger States by which wo sur rendered certain rights and privilege*, and if wo made them judges of our position and rights then hu was afraid that wo would have a guardian in which we would have little faith. In Switz-jrlaud it had been i found so, and Dr. Vincent pointed out \ the diSk- nhie* that had arisen and the creator ones that would arise in the future. With the American and Canadian Con stitutions there were no difficulties. In both of these places tho rights and jurisdictions of the States were considered to be proper matters to go to tbe Supremo Court. While in America there wu no power in Congrats or n tbe President to send the questions direct to the Court, and it had to be left to a private jitigant to bring tho matter before the Court in the ordinary way, tho Court having no jurisdiction unlcs3 appealed to in the ordinary course of procodure, in Canada the Gover uor-General had nower to refer any matter to the Supremo Court concerning the con stitutional right of the Commonwealth or any State. Ho thought it was a very good system, and it was one which they might adopt. The protector of the American Constitution was the Supreme Court, and his argument from the mere longevity of the Congress applied also to tho Court. The Supreme Court in America was held in the highest respect as tho protector of State*, large and small, and was as dear to the Amoricaus as tho Senate. ( Mr. McPherson — ' In America in the appeals to the Supreme Court nearly every one is decided by a majority of ono Judge.') Ono of tho founda tions of right was that neithor parties to a quarrel were proper parties to dceid ;, and in all those cases they had to recollect tliat the federation was a contract, of which agreement tbe parties could not be judge without practi cally breaking the first. pnnci pic of right. They were going to give up some of their rights, and they wanted some safeguards that the letter and spirit of tho Constitution would not bo violated, and if they left it to the Govern inent, as in Switzerland, then they practically gave the larger States first of all a duty to do what was right and then a judicial powor to deuido whether the}' wero doing right and no Suite would feel safe under such a set of cir cumstances, but would feel assured that when tho majority went in a certain direction then the same gentlemen would not fiud it difficult to interpret the contract in the same direction. Every ono in America and Canada and every jurist who had written in Europe hadstated that tho one protection of the American Constitu tion was the Supremo Court, and if they throw away that Court they wcro throwing away the foundation of 'liberty, because they werethrowing&way; thoir protection. Those who were for the Supremo Court wcro fighting for the liberties of the State. (Mr. McPherson — 'The Court is superior to the Common wealth.'') Superior in that while it had no initiative it could deny a good deal. (Mr. McPherson—' It denies the omnipotence of the Parliament'') The very foundation of the . Constitution was that Parliament was only omnipotent within tho precisa lines settled by the Constitution, and if the hon. member allowed them to give away their liberties they might well expect that South Australia would become tho tail end of the Australian Commonwealth without any separate Legislature of tbeir own, and merely the creature of the ml\ of the majority of tbe people of tbe States larger than ourselves, ic was said in New South Wales over and over again, and it was said in Adelaide during the Convention, that it was monstrous to give tbe smaller States equal representa tion with tho larger States in the Senate, because the smaller States would combine to gether, and thoy could numerically ovorridc the larger Statc3. (Mr. McPherson— ' Is that not a safeguard for the smaller States?') He wished to say something for tho consolation of tho larger States. It was not true that at the Convention, whon the question of the rights of tho smaller States was concorned, all of them weut together. If thoy had all gone together tbo power of amendment would havo been carried ; but they did not all so together. There was another instance of how they would stick together. The interests of ono of tho smaller States only was involved, and although the other States had nothing to do with it, he thought that the consistent loyalty of the smaller States would make them combine in a time of danger to one. Thoro arose a question about the River Murray, aud South Australia very unambitiously asked that the control of navigable rivers should be under the Commonwealth. Thoy were clearly right upon every point of inter national comity and constitution at law. The question was so clear that it could only be met by bluff. Countries hostile to each other have recognised that the water of a uavigablo river belongs to the countries through which it passed. That hod been settled by treaty after treaty, and tho universal agreement was that any act to interfere with the naviga tion of rivers would bo an unfriendly act and ground for war, and South Australia only asked friendly colonies to do precisely what nations that were hostilo to each other had to do a* a matter of course, but they replied— 'Nothing of the sort; we do not mmd taking that part that belongs to you, but we must stick to tho part that belongs to uj. It is simply monstrous that you want to inter fere with the part that bolongs to us.' When tho division came they had two Tas manian* voting with them ; one Victorian, Mr. Higgins, whose legal acumen made him resent such a monstrous shame; and there were seven South Australians. But all tho others voted against thorn. Thus in a matter in which they wero so clearly and undoubtedly in tho right they found the smaller colonies, who it was said would always hold togotber as' against the larger colonies, voted against them. Finance hu did not propose to apeak on »t any very great length. Hu had always contended that thn nafost way wan to charge expenditure accordiug to population, and return the surplus according to population. At the 1S91 Convention they bad decided that, while tho expenditure should be charged ac cording to population, the surplus should be returned according to contribution. The scheme adopted at the recent Convention was, he thought better, though ho admitted there were great difficulties in tho way of carrying it out When tho expenditure of the Fedoral Parliament was fixed at an arbi trary sum. that was simply a direction not to spend any more. But if a war broke out, or any circumstances required a special expenditure, it would have to be made. Therefore all they did was to provide that for a limited pariod of their existence tho expen diture should be kept under a certain sum. There was a provision in tho Bill for handing over to tho different colonies for a number of years a sum equal to tho receipts of each eolonv from Customs durine the vcar Drior to the Bill oominc into operation, mat wouio prove very difficult in operation, and be did not know now it could be done. But thoso who were concerned in it simply thought that that would be a statutory intimation to the people of the lines on which Parliament should work. Sir Samuel Griffith in his vory able pamphlet he noticed, agreed with Mr. Glynn that the Supreme Court might well be con stituted by the Judges of tho various colonies. That was not Sir Samuel's view in 1891. (Mr. Glynn—' He says only provisionally.') In 1891 Sir Samuel Griffith had held that the High Court with its great powers should be utterly removed from all local influences, and that it wonld not for a moment do to have local Judges performing the most important work of the High Court Sir Samuel also said in his pamphlet that 'be could not understand why the provision was put in the Bill in referenco to Treasury warrants being countersigned by the Chief Officer of Audit' Now that was put in very- thoughtfully and deliberately. It was provided in the Bill that only money properly appropriated could be spent by the Executive, and it was useless saying that if they had no way of preventing its being done. It was therefore provided that tho raonoy should only be drawn by warrant signed by a local officer, with a view of defining some one upon whom tho orders of tho Supremo Court could operate if improper appropriations were attempted. In Com mittee,' as one of the draftsmen of the Bill, he 'would probably have to take a fairly prominent part in advising and assist ing members, and he wonld therefore have many opportunities of making his views known. - Ho hoped that in the remarks he had made hon. members would realize that ho had been actuated by the purest spirit of patriotism to the colony to which he be longed ; that without any feeling of provincial ism he had been trying to conserve principles which were truly federal; and that when he objected to the proposals of the other colonies, and disagreed with regret from some of the viows of his friends, he did so simply on the ground that their mission was not to have the colonies of Australia consoli dated, but to have a federation pure in its creation, and which would work out without destruction to the colonies which composed it. Mr. GRAINGER complimented Sir John Downer upon his vary able speech. He (Mr. Grainger) had accidentally discovered that in 1S90, following on the remarks he had made in 18S4, he had opposed the idea of our repre sentatives on tho Federal Council at Hob»rt being paid three guineas per day. In 1890 ho was reported in 'Hansard,* page 304, to have said— 'The proper plan un doubtedly would be to submit tbo Constitution by itself to the electors.' That was about the first mention of a sugges tion to put to the electors whether or not they should adopt federation. The complaint he then mado was that the Premier said—' It would be a xraas m;.*takc if the delegate* to tho Conference should announce absolutely what their opiuiuns were.' (Minister of Edu cation—' You v.-eru putting a construction on that which it would not bear.') Ho put the amendment which the Minuter voted against (Minister of Education — '*! suppose I said wo should not be wedded to one sot of opinions.') The hon. member changed his opinions so often that he did not remember wh.it ho said. Thun ho (tho HtJC-akur) u-ont on: — 'It waa easier to lay tho foundations of a building than to alter them afterwards. Australian* wore baconiinjf a d:.-:in:t nation, and thoy would want a distinct Government. Through out tho colonies complaints were mado against Upper Houses, and yet it wm proposed to establish an Upper House in tho Federal Parlinment. So far »k be could see Upper Houses wero potont for evil and powor!ess for good. Tii:\v threw out good uioaAures, but passed bad ono«, and wo ??hould pet on better and faster without them. He was practically alone then in advocating federation with one House, but ho did not believe in two federal Houses, and he was going to stick to that He did not car* tbe ralus of the imalleat Indian coin, which was about a quarter of a farthing, for tho ?pinions of Dicey, Bryce, or any other chamber poli tician, who knew nothing about human nature and nothing of the circumstances of tbe colo nies. He was sorrr that Sir John Downer had joined the Minister of Education on the Swiss system. (Sir John Downer—' I did not say so.') With all respect to Mr. O'Malley the less they knew about Canada the better. He had been to Canada, and it was not worth having anything to do with half Englishmen. They had to deal with Australia. It was utterly useless to go back to ancient Greece or the timo before Noah to know what the people did. Neither ancient Greece whose domocratic form of government was government by dishonesty, nor the Roman, nor any other ancient farm of democratic government bore any analogy to the form of democracy in Australia. To try and form a government on thoir blunders would only land them in a terrible mesn. In the present form of the Bill they were repeating tho3o blunders, and they wore putting the colonies in a posi tion to fight one another with the possibility of a civil war. Surely the Minister of Educa tion and tho Treasurer might suspect when thoy found themselves voting with first-class Conservatives, and also with Mr. Solomon, that they wero on tbe wrong track. (Mr. Solomon — 'I have voted with you in my weak moments.') In tho hon. member's weak Conservative moments he was a Liberal. Tho so-called Democrats in tho House who had been elected to represent them in tho Conven tion instead of voting on the Democratic ticket went straight and voted with the Conservative ticket. (Mr. Solomon— 'They conserved tho righu of tho colony.') what was tho effect of having tha whole colony as one electorate for that Convention? Mr. Brooker— 'You and I did not get in.') ie did not care tor that when he saw bow tho Right Hon. Dr. Kingston. P.C.. LL.I)., D.C.L., &c;, and the Labour Party bad been completely sold. Mr. Kingston was like tho pussy cat in the nursery rhyme — Privy C, Privy C. where have you bsen? ' I've been to London to see the Queen.' Privy C, Privy C., what did you do? 'Oh, I meroly did a grovel or two.' He was oontent that the men elected were very good men, but that did not affect tho question. Those who were elected wore cer tainly men on the Conservative side; or, at least, they did not hold tho very libsral opinions of Mr. McPherson, for instance. (Sir John Downer — 'Much more liberal in the Convention.') Yes ; they were much more liberal there than in prirato life. For in stance, they supported a referendum. If the whole colony was to elect representacives to the Sonate or House of Representatives, thon the man with the most monoy. with the best powers of organization— which means money— must win. Twenty years ago there was a good and much respected man, who was dead and gone a long time now, who came down from his run on tho Darling and stood for the Upper Hoae. No one knew anything about him or his views. Those wore the days when the Legislativo Council was elected by th-i whole colouy as ono electorate. no engaged the best agent to be got, and a little room uear White's Rooms, with a public-house very handy. Ho went into the room and found his agent there, aud asked— 'How aro you getting on?' ' Wo aro getting on splendidly,' was the reply, 'Come and have a drink.' ' You aoem to bo very freo with rour money,' remarked the candidate; and tho agent replied— 'Oh, money's no object ; we have any amount of that I would put in a lamppost at tbe top of the poll if it had money enough.' ' Do you know who I am?' asked the candidate. 'No.' ' Woll, I happen to be the gentleman who is employ ing you.*' He had that story from the lips of the gentleman himself. It cost him about £3,000, and he went iu at the top of tho poll. At the late elections it Mr. Riddoch had hod a scrutineer at every polling-booth he would havo got in easily. (Mr. Solomon— 'For a Democrat you have a remarkably poor r pinion of the people.') Mr. Solomon and Mr. Copley went round together. His constituents ra raarked. ' What a contrast !' There was the member for the Northern Territory looking, oven on a dusty day, as though he had just stepped out of* a bandbox, while Mr. Copley looked liko a scrub farmer. Mr. Solomon would never have got in if he had not spant the monov, nor would a lot of other members, for it could not bo deuiod that by his energy and expenditure Mr. Solomon boomed the Conservative ticket. Years ago ho fouud there wu no chance for a poorer man or a man on the true Liberal ticket to get into the Legislative Council when elected by tho wholo colony as one electorate He got into awful trouble by raising the cry of '? New blood for tbe Council.' The leading commercial firms in Adelaide addressed cir culars to tbeitorokeepers in the country towns asking them to use thoir vote and infiuenco againat Grainger. But they had no sense. The Conservatives never had any brains— at least no political brains— aud they used thoir influence against him so much that Mr. Buik, a Democrat, wont in at the head of the poll, and even Mr. Pickering orawled in. and Sir Henry Avers only managed to got in sixth. In those cays when tho olections were for the whole colouy the Lsgislativo Council was governed by the moneyed men, and no working man had a chanco to get in. The expense of an election was so great that the cost of going round the country was more than a man earned in a year. If they wero going to have a Senate elected by the wholo colony as in those days when we hod an ultra-conservativo Legislative Council, when any measure of » liberal tendency passed by this House was in variably thrown out by the Council, and when any measure for the b9neii; of tho capitalists, no matter how bad it wa\ was invariably passed by the Council, then they would ba making a groat mistake. Tho result of tho elections for the Federal Convention, in spite of the great Ministsrial interest, was that the Conservatives came out practicAlly on top. Whether piyia^nt of members or not tho moneyed interest would come out top. Gentlemen who stood for this Convention and said they were opposed to payment of members were yet willing to tako their two Miinaxs a dav. Sundays included. Mr. Glynn said ho made it a matter of honour. (Mr. Glynn— 'I said nothing of tho sort') His memory was clear as to what tho hon. member said. (Mr. Glynn— 'Your memory in pretty confused if you say I said that/) It wasonly a matter of his memory against the hon. member's. (Mr. Glynn — 'I spuko time after time about it') He maintained tiiat it was not tho intention of tha Houso that tho delegates to the Fadsral Convention should be paid two guinea** a day for dointj uothiiig. They could not got anything like a fair division in the House at the timo on thoqutstion. Undor this Bill candidates for the Federal Parlia ment got an excuse for spending evon more money than thoy got, became payment was to last for a numbsr of years. These gontlemcu who were opposed to payment of members would get fc'.',400 for tho six years. Ho would put the position of the benevolent individual, who was going to do the best for his country and for himself— the country first, and himself afterwards— nearly a dead heat Ho referred to the man to whom monoy was no object, who had plenty, and was simply anxious for the position. Tho , indivi dual might get a K.C M.G. — nowa days titles were coming down in price— ho might be made a Privy Councillor if he happened to be in powor. Having been elected to the Senate, his services would not be required for more than two months or »\x weeks in the year, and then at tho end of the time there might be the appointmont of a K.C.M.G. Ono of the ablest elec tioneering agents ho had ever met in his life said to him. ' If wo are going to run a man for the Central District he must be a man who ha* spent monoy for tho public, and whoso name is mode familiar in tho mouths of peopio by his bonovolenco and generosity, or else we havo uot got a ghost of a show.' However the election of the Sanato went, might it not result as it resulted in the Con vention when two membars— the Premier and Mr. Glynn — voted against their follow-delegates from South Australia on the matter of the Stato rights? They bad no guarantee that they wore all going to vote solid on States rights. (Mr. Castine — 'Cannot expect it.') No: is was against human nature. (Sir John Downer— 'I wonld be sorry to think they would do so.') Then it was just as well to return one man as a delegate and pull the strings. (Mr. Castine —'Who would go there as a delogate?') He believed the hon. member would. They were more or less delegates, otherwise what was the good of discussing this Bill. Hj aJinitted thoy were wasting their tiuu to some extent, but that was no reason why a person should not have his t%y. It w*3 one of tho most humorous farces he had over participated in, for whatever the House did in Committee they could not bind the Convention detonates to it The majority of the electors iu this colony wcra entitled to hav* the rofor.ii they wanted. He was willing to test tho fooling of tho whoio of Australia. He did not care where a man lived if he were tha right sort of man and held views he agreed with. (Mr. Brooker— 'Would you vote for a New South Wales man.1') Thov wero far more democratic in New South Wales. Victoria, and Now Zealand than in South Australia. Who were the Judases iu the camp, men who posed as Democrats and were playing the game of canJidates for the Senate? What would be tho oifuct of tho Constitution? What was the effect of all Constitutions? There wo* ono grand principle underlying all government, and thnt was that the majority must rule. The popular body would be t'ua Lowor llotue, and that body would represent the majority more than tho Senato could do, and under a system of responsible government it was tho pop-.ilar Houso that mutt prevail in tho end. What would happon? Tbo Lower House might pass a popular measure over and ovor again and the Senate would throw it out, and when tin members of the Senate sought re-oloction they would get all the best men in AuBtrnlia on ih- other side to go and speak agaiiist them, and so secure the expression of the popular will. Though the present Bill was based upon wrong grounds, and would have to be amended in many particulars, eventually the majority would rule. It would only eom* after struggles aad trouble. Then might be a civil war, but he had more confi dence in the people than to think such a thing would happen. One of the most important parts of tbe Bill was passod in a hurry. He had watched the financial matters as carriod out in the Committee. When the report of tbe Finance Committee was presented mem bers arose and said that that was not what they had agreed to, and they fell out among themselves. They got into such a frightful confusion that they had to pass something to got rid of it. As to the question of Money Bills it was put in such a position as to simply dog both Houses. Thoy had given away a lot in that House when they gave tho Legislativo Council the right to suggest amendments. They had no right to give it away, and it was only done by a Conservative Government to please a Conservative majority in the other House. If the power over Money Bills were given to two Houses no one Houso could con trol it. If they gave the two equal powers thore was bound to be a row and a terriblo fight There was no provision in the LJill to get out of the difficulty. Mr. Wise had pro iosed something, but the Convention nad made such a mess of Moucy Bills that they wanted to get away before tbev had time to discuss it. Ho did not agree with Mr. Wi«e'» solution, though there should be a remedy. In America there was a way nf getting over the presence of veto. In l8St he had &ud; with regard to deadlocks botween tho two local Hou3es of Parliament that thero ought to be a way of getting over them without having a Ministerial crUis. Tho most revolutionary conduct that had ever happened iu any country had occurred in South Australia when the lato Sir William Morgan was appointed, and took the business out of the hands of the Minister, the late Sir Henry Avers. He had said then that a two-thirds majority of tbe popular Houso ought to have power to over ride any Upper House. A two-thirds majority in tho Federal Parliament would ha a most difficult thing to get (Mr. Handy sido — ' How would the small States come in then?') He was not at all afraid of the small States, and was quite willing to do away with one House. He would trust the people of Australia. . It was a want of trust in one's neighbours that was killing federation. It was a very unfortunate thing that the recent Convention had con tained too many lawyers. He had the highest regard aud osteam for lawyers as lawyers, bat when it uame to practical politics lawyer* wero no better than any other clxs9 of men. but wero rather worse. They were very much like laymen when the latter went into Court on their own behalf. The fault of lawyers in Parliament was that they showed agreat wont of human sympathy, of feeling with the people, and occasionally of logic. Frequently the lawyer in politics was a gentleman who hold a brief for himself. In the Convention the air was odoriferous with lawyers, and there was more talk upon the Federal Court of Appeal than on any other subject Doubtless mo.H pf the lawyers were thinking how they would appear in that Federal Court. In the ead a compromise won arrived at. which was a very ouuning ono, and which laid it down that thoro wore certain cases in which thero might be an appeal to tho Privy Council in Ijngland. In other words, where tho client had plenty of money, like Corporations and States, they could go to Eugland. It re minded him of the story of a little tailor at Gawler. The Corporation of Gawler had cut a sort of a road at a certain spot and put a ladder down, so that tbe tailor's wife could Set down the ladder into the rood. But in oing K- the boya used to laugh at horanklo. Thereupon the husband complained to a lawver, and the latter said, 'Oh, you are entitled to compensation. You bring an notion and I'll make tho Corporation pay up.' The case came into Court but in tho mean time the lawyer hod had occasion to travel up to Gawler very frequontly, with tho result that he said to the tailor— 'Thero may ba some costs out of pocket, so you had better give me a mortgage over tho estate.' The littlo tailor gavo the mortgage, aud when the case came on for trial he got a verdict Tho lawyer slapped him on the back and said — ' Didn't I tell you I would win?' But Mr. Wieloy asked for on appeal to the Full Court That took more time and expenw. Of course the money was coming back. When the case came before the Full Court Mr. Wigley called attention to a caso on all four? in Queen's Bench Division against tho plaintiff. Thoir Honors thanked Mr. Wigley for calling atten tion to the case, and reverted the decision. Two or throe months aftarwards one of tbeir Honors called attention to tho fact that tbo case in the Queen's Bench Division had been reversed by the Privy Council, aud their Honors intimated that thoy would reverse their decision. But in the meantime the little tailor had jfone insolvent, his property foreclosed, and had disappeared. lie could quote numbers of cakes liko that _ It xjemed that the lawyers wero working a little busiuoss for themselvos. They wanted to send to England all matters of public con cern, such as the case of the mile and a half of territory between South Australia and Vic toria, because thero was money in. it (Mr. Glynn— 'I moved to strike out the appeal altogether.') He said nearly all the lawyers. The hon. member was a bit radical at times. Tho majority of the lawyers wanted to insist on an appoal in certain cases. (Mr. Glynn— ' You are suspicious of their bona bdos. ) Thoy might be honest when they said to a rich man— 'Fight it out.' Mr. Butler had called his attention to a system in Norway, where, if a man appealed against the dscision, he had to pay all the costs of the appeal whether he won or not. (Mr. Archibald— ' Switzerland.') No; it was an honest country; it was Nor way. If that system was introduced then thero would bo some protection for tbe poor man. They had better stop all cases of appeal rather than that they should go grovelling to England to a lot of fellows who d:d not know thoir conditions. They had had to send home the Chief Justice to instruct tho English Bench. As to the financial question ho bad given a great deal of study to it Tho Con vention had paid him the complimont of asking him to attend as a witness the Finance Com mittee moetings. At some timo he had changed his views, and not only changed thorn, but changed thorn back. Tbe more he studied tho question tho more bo saw it was surrounded with tha gravest difficulties a man could face. Many of the numbers ot the Convention were of the same opinion. Some of the members of the Convention had changed thoir viows. and then changed them back again. At last they got tired and thev wanted to get away, and to get out of the difficulty thoy agreed to a sugges tion for which the Treasurer got the credit, but he did not know by whom it was invented. He had tried to persuade himself that the schemo was fair and equitable, and that it would work for South Australia and tho other colonies in a proportionate manner; but he had come to the conclusion that it was nothing but a delusion and a snare. So far as be understood it they bod to take the Customs revenue for one year as a basis for the amount they wore to receivo to a cer tain timo, until tho oiticcrs of tho Federal Parliament adjusted the amount to which they were justly entitled. Bookkeeping in matters of that sort was an absurdity. It would never work out correctly. Thoro would bo strings of disputes. South Australia had a high tariff, New Soutb Wales had a low tariff, or practically nona at all. If federation was coming about perhaps the New South Wales peopio would say— 'Wo aro going to have a high tariff under this Federal Parliament; wo can import these goods for a nominal duty or none at all.' Thoy would load up, and that stood to reason. South Australia, on the other band, had a high tariff of a protective nature. Tho tariff was not altogether a revenue producing one. It was to the interest of the Treasurer to have as high a Customs revenue as ho could in that particular year. (Treasurer— 'Hear, hear.' Mr. Darling —'How would you do it?') By lower ing the duties on several lines and making them revenue producing. If the Treasurer did not make a large revenue this year and federation ensued he would bo robbed of a lot of his revenue, and we would have to make up the deficiency in this colony. No doubt they would have to have the reni«iy of Mr. Hourigan— an increased land tax. Our business men would lie very careful not to over import until they knew what their position was going to be, for if they wore not cautious thoy would import and then find Syiney underselling them. That fact and tho bad harvest would mean that our Customs revenue would bo much lower than it should bo, and the result wonld be serious to the Treasury. It was proposed that the post and telegraph system should ba handed over to the Federal Parliament He could not see under what principle there was going to be a fair return for the expenditure of the money that wat, bringing in the telephone and telegraph revenue. In Sydney they had a magnificent building, with a lot of interoftting oarved caricatures on it, on which a fearful amount of money had been wasted. They could have got a better and more convenient building for ou»-quarter of the cost. Had they got to pay for that with our work? Right through Now South Wales and Victoria there had been most extravagant expenditure on post and telegraph offices, while we in South Australia had been grubbing along, and did not care how the unfortunate operators or postmasters suffered. Wo had done it on the cheap. When they came to a question of taking over a property, an business mon tbe fair and right thing to do won to con sider what that property was worth to the going business and not what it cost Tho Convention had not cared to tackle the question of tbe railways. There had been a good deal of talk about differential rates. There could be no federation, even with inter colonial free trade, if the railways were going to carry on different rates in different colonies. There could, in fact, be no intercolonial free trade. He maintained with the late Mr. Eddy that there should be a Board of three or four men. representing tbe whole of the colonies, and that this Board should say what the rates were to be on each and every rail way. They wanted the railways controlled by an entirely independent Board, not by Parliament at all. Fair play in railway r*«w vu nearly a* important ae intercolonial free trade. Bnt it had been pointed out that is wme of the colonies, notably Queensland, railways had been mado not for profit bat For tho development of the land. We had Us South Australia done the same tiling. W« laid 'Here is a big block of laud which » no rood witb wild dog aud guratrcus on it; let at mild a railway to it ; it is good agricultural land, and small farmers ana graziers will do ivcll on it.' They nudo that railway to ievelop that particular territory, and then somo ono stepped in and said they had to charge tbe saino rate* on that railway as wer» charged on every liuo in the other colonies. In America tho Laud-grant Kailway Com* panics put settlers on thelund. They adver tised all over Europe and got tbe settlers to eultivato maize and wheat, to put up home steads, and to buy the laud on terms, aad ifterwards thoy tried to get back everything they could by putting on heavy railway rates. Then tho i-cttlcrs organized opposition, and by tho laws of the Stato brought the Railway Companies to book. Were our railways to be managed by an independent authority or by ourselves? It was a question which had given our linancial authorities the greatest difficulty to determine If wo tvere going to practically liaud over the control of railways and Customs to a federal authority, whab were wa to do towards paying our national debts? Thev said—' Wo cannot take over your debts unless you hand ovor your ass*ts ;' but he did not think any nu-mbcr of tho Con* vent ion could agree to that. The best financial vpeech mode in tho Convention waa mode by his friend the Treasurer of Tasmania, but is was not understood by some Treasurers. The assets had nothing whatever to do with it. All they had to do was to arm tbe central authority with power to levy on the State on its asiets as they would levy a Corporation or District Council for seed wheat, for instance. Mr. O'Malley-'Tax if) Yee, tax the State if they did not too the line; he was only using an Amencan-Engli&h; phrase. We did not need to hand over our assets at all, becauso the money was not lent on our assets as far as our railways and Customs services were concerned; no one would lend on Customs or railways as a particular work; the money lender loaned on our credit. If we could with advantago consolidate our debts the security in the meantime could remain the property of the States without any injurv to the Federal Government He could see it sticking out » foot the Federal Government wanted to have a big surplus, but tbe history of Governments showed that tho more monoy a Government had to spend tho more they would lay out Give the Federal Government a. few hundred thousand pounds to fly around with and they would come and ask for an overdraft. Tbe Bill ought to clearly set out that they should have so much to spend and nothing more. ITo strongly protested against the expenditure provided for in ths BilL At a time like the present, when un fortunate farmers and honest working men could scarcely earn a living, it was wicked to go to tbo waste of monoy in tbe way pro posed. It was scandalous, because already the people of this colony were taxed as far as they could stand it, and it would take a good shower or two at tbo right time before they would be ablo to get out of their difficulties and coll themselves independent men. Money was to bo simply squandered, and although L'rivj Councillors would not be able under tbe Bill to ride in royal carriages we wero creating and maintaining an aristocracy under tbo measure who would spond money right and left and right royally, because it did not come out of their pockets. He be lieved the expenditure was over £200,000. Tho Treasurer— 'Tho new expenditure » £300,000.') That was a pretty stiff pill, and when it came to handing over the surplus to tho federal authority, and to their (riving u« the balance, it reminded him of Jludyard Kipling— 'Beggars arrayed will never come back.' Someyeara ago » large sum was put down for U and I expenditure. Tho Treasurer on being questioned about it said the expenditure last year was leu than was anticipated, aud therefore it wonld pro bably be larger for the present, but when he found out afterwards by tho Audit Commis sioner's report that sumo £1,300 or £1,000 had gono for the picnic to the Federal Convention of IS91— three guinea* a day— it was not sur prising bow excessively liberal leading wliticians were with other people's money. Mr. Caldwell— ' You paid the delegates ? high compliment') Ho did not know bow much they bod collared then. The financial system in tbo Bill was utterly unsound, especially amongst tho lawyer*. Lawyers rated their services at a proper ap preciation, no doubt, but very much lighcr than the taxpayers could afford. They should consolidate their debts. In spite of the Treasurer and the Agent-General people in England had written to him and asked him why thoy did uot pay their divi dends quarterly, but tho Agent-General said the people wauted it paid half -yearly. A 2& per cont federal consols, divi dends quarterly or monthly, would roach a higher pneo than onr 3 per cont stocks. Municipal bonds in Eugland stood higher than tho colonial bonds, because they were more convenient Federa tion was worth having for two ramono. First, intercolonial free trade. If South Australia could not gain anything from intercolonial froe trade a lot of industries should be wiped out At the Intercolo nial Freo-trode Enquiry he had asked several manufacturers if they were ortposed to intercolonial free trade, but they aaid no. The boot trade was a difficulty. From an Adelaido bootmaker ho quietly elicited thai ho had better machinery, as good workmen, and cheaper material than a Ballarat manu facturer, who could compote with Melbourne and live. Then he asked the Adelaide manufacturer how with intercolonial free trade he could not compete with Melbourne, but tho witness said ho had been caught. Intercolonial free trade would Wcl wages, and if a man could not cam a living io Ade laide he could do so in Sydnoy. Mr. Coney* bocr had corao from Sydney, and was glad bo naa aone so. Mr. GRAINGER obtained leave to con tinue hii remarks on Thursday, July 1-L . PAPERS. * The following Papers were laid on tbe table:— '.?'??' ''? By the TREASURER (Hpn. R TV. Holder) :— By command— Statistical Register, 1890— Part 1, Population; Part 5. Law, Crime, &c.; Pursuant to Statute— Marine Board By-laws, Pilotago Regulations. ADJOURNMENT. The House at 6.27 p.m. adjourned until. Wednesday, July 14, at 2 p.m. . ?/ 