NETTA. I have no faith in ghosts; although I cannot say with that oft-quoted sceptic that I have seen too many to believe in them. For only once in my life have I seen what was called a ghost, and a very childlike, innocent, and pathetic little ghost it was. I was spending a few weeks at Pal- lanza, on Lago Maggiore, and on a cer tain day, a day of showers and sunshine, I was wandering through one of those shady, highhedged lanes which skirt the town. Sometimes, through a gateway, I had a glimpse of an old, red-roofed villa, and a garden one tangle of roses. Sometimes a turn of the road revealed the lake, gleaming like a sheet of bur nished steel; and mountains of a thun derous blue and portentous nearness, with here a rugged outline blurred by a grey haze of falling rain, and there a long shaft of sunlight kindling an emerald radiance from the wet hill-side As I wandered past meadows and vineyards I presently heard a plaintive cry, something like the note of a fledgling calling to the parent bird, or was it a child calling to its playmate? I walked on, listening and wondering; the sound was repeated again and again, monotonous unvarying, but indescrib ably sad. A sudden turn in the lane, and I came to a neglected garden, one mass of ver dure, with overshadowing trees, and vines trailing their luxuriant branches on long rank grass. Beside the garden, and fronting the road, stood a new, hare- looking house. A balcony of unpainted wood ran round the upper storey, and on that balcony I saw a lUtle girl of some ten 01- twelve years, dressed in a blue print frock, her hair hanging in a thick pi sit with a pale, sweet face smiling faintly, and a wist ful glance. It was but a momentary glimpse, and then she passed quickly round the corner of the house out of sight. This, then was the child I had heard calling, and perhaps the plaintive, bird-like note mc-ant Cui! cui! (Here! here!) But to whom was she calling? The lane was solitary, the garden was deserted, no one was visible anywhere. As I passed the house I saw in amazement that the lower story was in ruins, the sordid ruin of a building falling into decay be fore it was finished. The windows were staring, empty holes, like the eyeholes of a skull: through them I could see that the walls were rough unijlastered stone, the floor was only earth, and beside tire vacant chasm which served as doorway- there was a heap of mortar, and some dusty wooden planks, the remains of scaffolding. All the windows of the upper storey which I could see from the road were muffled with shutters of wood, which had never been painted, and which were already falling into decay. As I looked at that forlorn, unfinished house, a vague dread chilled me. What was that child doing there? No waif or stray or beggar's brat was she, with her dainty blue cotton frock and shining braided hair. Could it be possible that she was alone in the house, and that she was calling for help? But instead of ap pealing to me as I gazed up at her she had slipped away and vanished round the balcony with a shamefaced smile. I stood perplexed, my heart sinking with an unaccountable dismay; when all at once I heard the whirring of a sewing- machine somewhere in the upper rooms. The homely, prosaic sound brought re lief to my troubled mind, and assured that the house was really inhabited, and that some woman, probably the child's mother, was there, I went on my way. But I could not forget the little inci dent, and a day or two afterwards, as I was calling upon a friend — an Italian lady who lived in a villa near the lake — I described to lier the unfinished house standing in the lonely lane. "Who ie living there?" was my first inquiry. "Noone; thehouse is etnntv" „ — ' unexpected reply.5 fte : "But the ehlld-li saw a child 11-r.v the balcony!" - . . l"trc on wffha llrange? suddenly ' SioK!?' You saw the child, then? r , many people have seen her." ' U0W "What can you mean?" '1 C,-Fd- ,„ somehow my. heart began to b-ac her look and tone were so ir. i n.-ifir "You have not heard the storv tC,, of poor little Netta Fanconi? x0i i.h '1 I will tell it to you, cara mia " My friend, Donna Maria Cipiiani «... tied herself gracefully in her orm V"?" and I listened breathlessly 1;,.- ili.'ti!' planation. " "Netta's mother was dead. father married again. Then h - ji 7 too, and Netta, the only child. 'v.a« u,l to the care of her stepmother. Ple a very honest, hard-working, but un! sympathetic woman; she was. rcn v-n> tal, Netta was not ill-fed, and Vlie was always neatly dressed; hut the stei, mother did. not understand that a ehiJj wants more than mere food and eHi; Ing. The man, Fanconi, began to lvaii-j the house you saw, but he died in ibbv and there was 110 money to finish it/'iiig widow used to go to work at one 0'f silk factories at Intra, and all day long Netta was left in the house alone" with a task of needlework to do. tor thr-y 1 tried to earn a few soldi in that w.iv as well, and the little girl had b-'-cn laugh's to work the sewing-machine, which had been bought iii the days wb n th,.y wore better off." "Yes; and the sewing-machine is ir the house now; I heard it" — so r inter- posed, for I was determined to cling t< the prosaic, facts of my story, and no- to have explained away everything 1 could vouch for with my own alK ears. "Ah, so you think," Donna Maria an swered in her soft voice, and a little gesture of her white hands. "But, in- deed, the house is empty— ahseluti-lj- empty. Let me tell you the r---:t of th"€ dolorous little history. Netta was kit alone day after day and all day lung in that solitary, lialf-ruined house— alone day after day till the child's heart began to break. She would stand on the bal cony calling, calling for senwj.:-;, any one, to come to her in her unbearable loneliness ; and then if anyone did pas? by, so timid was she, that she shrink away indoors, and go back 'to in task on that cruel machine, which wa-- too heavy for her little hands and f---t. And yet perhaps the sound of the ma chine made the silence of the house v-.-.-u less dreadful to her." Donna Maria paused a metre --.;. V think I shivered a little ; 1 was b. gin ning to be conscious why I had been oppressed by such intense sadness when I passed the deserted house. "One winter evening," my f'n- n-i re- sumed, "the stepmother vet urn-: -I 11010 her work at the factory, and there -die found Netta lying 011 the iloir in the dark, cold and dead, with n smim on luu- little -white face. The B!:\\--cb Saints had heard Netta calling, and h-s-1 come for Iter. Then the woman was r. airly frantic. She wrung her hand? a id ''.re her hair, but all her rc-mot.-c \t--uM n-a bring Netta hack again. And then p> '-'hi; who had never interfered while there was time to save the child, who had cried to heaven and earth for pity, now had no words hard enough for ih-- motlier. So, reviled by everyone, she fled from Pallanza, nobody I-iv.mws whither. Her poor odds and «-.!- furniture were seized to pay her -j, nb\ hut no one will live In the li-mr-i-; it stands empty, and going to decay. And still they say the child is lea. id . .a'.'.inc; and people have even seen her '.-n balcony, a pale sorrowful little phant-ro. I have never sec-n Jier or heard h< r my- self. But I know that what I am i dl ing you is true." And Donna Mm ins voice sank in silence,., and her dint ey--s had a mournful, far-away gaze in ib-m I was leaving Pallanza the bfib v in- day, and never again have 1 be-. ;- ubk to visit that house of tracic ni'.ibbb? But I have often thought since --f Fanconi — the bird-like call, I'ui! the sweet little wistful face and cTinihsr. figure flitting, elusive, a half-seen v o.- y-n, on the balcony of the shutt-.-vt.-l. vie mi house. I do not believe in ghosts. -a= 1 said before. But who can tell but mar. by some mysterious ana as jei """J covered law of nature, the anguisn "L sensitive, tortured being may ling'-i' an atmosphere round the scene of n sufferings, and may -impress iised ni"-'" the consciousness of even those oic strangers to its history ?— "lYV.-stii:unb--- Budget." Compliments of ihe Season.— r Merchant (to office boy): "iib-t:. George!" (giving Christmas box): I hope you'll have a pleasant Cm and that you'll spend it decently, and avoid intemp " George: 'ThaiiK you, sir. The same to you, sir!" At a meeting of the executive com mittee of the Victorian Silk Associa tion, held Last week, it was m ude.l 1 1';» ll:" annual exhibition of raw silk, scent. :mu bee appliances should be held on tne first Wednesday in February. Intend- ing exhibitors are invited to write 10 the secretary. 3Cd Bourke street, toi particulars. The resignation of Mr Aj Brown as lion, seeretaij. was reee-t «oi with regret, and a unanimous vote 01 thanks was passed to him for (he set- vices he has rendered the silk ludusuy for the past four years. A number 01 couutiv correspondents having c0' - plained that the eggs of the Frouoh mil worm, recently imported, had Jailed to hatch, it was explained that tilth owing to the eggs not having pa-"- through the cold of winter in Lui' I"> but that they -would he found 'o turc later ou iu the season. 