Infant Baptism. By Lady Oook, nee Tennessee Glaflin, ( Contributed .) Part II. Rationally considered, nothing can be more absuid than the baptism of infants under any circumotances, No statement, no matter by whom it may be said to have been uttered, can tnake that true which is radically false. If an innocent child, un conscious of good or evil, irresponsible to God and man. incapable of thought or action, is not already, in accordance with Christian theology, a member of Christ, then no vicarious promise or priestly ablution can make him one. For if this were so, a similar service under devil worship would make him a member of SataD. Infant baptism is b»sed on the doctrine of the Fall — in itself a myth derived from the Babylonians, borrowed by the Jews, and accepted by the Jewish founders of Christian ity. But infant bap! ism was a oeremony of much later growth, and sponsors were in ? i.. j ? i-t. _ nciL ? Lmm ? ? mt ~ n ? ? veucea ia gqu uim ueutury, xu« jauLL.au Catholic Church is perhaps the^ oldest living representativn of Christianity' in its most conservative form. The font, however, was unkDOwn to Christian believers. Theprimi« tive Christians, before the conversion of Constantine, baptised their catechumens in rivers, often at night, for fear of persecutors. In the reign of that Emperor, fonts were Bet up in towns, villages, aud by the highways, that the numerous pagans might be baptised, but none were erected in churches until the middle of the fifth century. Sprinkling was not practised until very many centuries after, the candidates having been always dipped or the water poured over them. When a child was likely to die during birth partial baptism was made, as on its finger, haud, or foot, should these show any tokens of life, and in the case of its being still-born this ceremony entitled it to be buried in consecrated ground. If born alive, how ever, re-baptism took place. After the pie liminaries have been gone through, the priest breathes three times upon the child's face, eavine, ' Gome out of this child, thou evil spirit, and make room for the Holy Ghost.' He then makes the sign of the cross on his forehead and breast, during which 'be repeats ' Receive the Sign of the Cross on thy forehead and in thine heart.' He then takes a little salt and blesses it, if not blessed before, puts it into the child's mouth, and fays, ' Eeceive the salt o! wisdom.' He then repeats a prayer, and commands Satan to come out of him. Next, laying the end of his stole upon the child, and seizing one end of the swaddling clothes, he again commands the devil to depart out of the child, after which he puts hie thumb in his owu 'mouth, and having bathed it with saliva, rubs it over the mouth of the child. After this the infant is stripped bare on the upper part of- his. body, while the priest makes ready the holy oils. , The child is then held over the font by. its godfathers and god mothers, with its face towards tho eaBt, and the priest addressing it by iU name, demands whether it is willing to renounce the devil and all his works. One of the sponsors replying in the affirmative, the priest then 1U. U.. 1 'i.: ? 1 owujo ut ouo uapjiuguiui wfttGr w»ua pours it thnoe on the child's head in the form of a oross, repeating at each time the name of one of the persons in the Trinitv. He next annoints the top of the child's head with the sacred oil as before, in tho form of a oross, and then covera it with a piece of white linen, to show that it is cleansed from ajl impurities. A few more prayeys poipoplete the ceremony. , The Church pf .^pgland has abandoned much of the foregoing. Formerly it exo». ciaed the Evil one before baptism, and it still regards the ^infant, as the child of;th« : d«vi!y unt.l it has t»t*ou mado free by. j baptism, The preamble' of ibe pii^st in the j niodrTn ceremony li of a highly controvei: vein I nature : ' Di«fttly belovod, loi Hernuch us : a' I men are conovived and ihqrtHn sin,' $o. aie entitled to is proon^tiou^ of itself a sin P If so, then ittartfage is dis* honourable. Is man to be denied the endearments oi love, the hope of posterity, the charms and cares of family life with' all their elevating influences, except by frus tieting tbe will of the. Deity ? How ean those who profesB to believe in so blasphem ous notion believe also that Ho commanded mankind to inorease and multiply, and replenish tbe earth and subdue it P 