Sermon. Cheering Incident at Bethabara Br Late Kev. C. H. Spoboeos. Thereforetliey sought again to take Him: I but He escaped out of their hand, and weuc away again oeyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptised: and there He abode. And many resorted unto him, and said. John did no miracle; bat all things that John spake I of this Man were true. And many believed on , TTff" there.—Johu x. S9-42. I What was there particular about the re i tired place in which our Lord, on this occa : sion, gathered so many disciples ? What was there about the place. beyond Jordan where John at first baptised? It was a place where divine ordinations bad been observed: "The place where John at first baptised; and many believed on Him there.*.' Where the Lord is obeyed, we may hope to sec him revealed. We are not among those who condemn others for mistakes about outward ordinances; but yet we do not look upon erroneous practices without sin sere regret and apprehension. If the ordinance of baptism be altered, or applied to tho wrong subjects, or prac tised in an unscriptural manner, and used for unwarranted purposes, it is a serious error. Disobedience on this point may even now be grieving the Spirit of God, anil restraining His sacred operations. We must be careful to keep the ordinances as they were delivered unto us. Oh that in this place, where wo have bap tised many in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we might meet with an abundant blessing ! In keeping His commandments there is great reward. Outward ordinances cannot secure d blessing; but the spirit of obedience, which leads to a careful observance of' them according to the Divine command, is a blessed fruit of the Spirit. Where John baptised, and Jesus I " - all righte 1 submitted thus to fulfil all righteousness, we find a spot which is suited for a Divine] revival. Secondly, remember, this Bethabara wt the place where faithful preaching concerning Jesus bad been heard.- For this John who baptised also preached the Gospel of re pentance. He laid great stress upon that part of the Gospel which prepares men for the coming Kingdom.* Where repentance has been thoroughly preached, I believe that many will come to believe in Jesus Christ. Jesus fitly followed John; and faith will .follow readily where repentance has been thoroughly preached ana explained. The plough must lead the way, and then it is good sowing. We most first send in the sharp needle, and then the silken thread will be drawn after it. There must be a measure of conviction of sin be fore- there wiU be a joyful acceptance of the great Sin-offering. Brethren, where ever there has been earnest preaching we may expect that many will beheve in the Lord Jesus Christ before long. Let no faithful preacher's heart be faint within him; Christ is not preached in vain—you have not pointed to the Lamb of God for nothing. Even should you die without seeing it, there will come another after you who vnll reap a harvest from the seed which you have sowed. As for the place wherein we stand, I can solemnly assert that I have with all my heart preached to yon the gospel of the grace of God. It a thousand persons were to believe in Jesus to-day I should not be in the least surprised; for this I surely can claim—that to the best of my knowledge and ability I hare these many years preached nothing among you but the Cross of Christ. I, too, have cried, " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world 1" I have endeavoured to point oat to you Him whose shoe-latchets I am not worthy to unloose. I have prayed that He might baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with fire, ilany saints hare joined me in that earnest prayer. If at Bethabara many believed on Him there, we may expect that many will believo on Him here. Once more, not only was this a very interesting spot to our Lord Jesus Christ, because there God had borne witness to His Son Jesus, but Bethabara was also very in teresting to the leaders of the little band who accompanied Him; it was the place where the Lord's first disciples had been won. They heard John speak and followed Jesus. John and James, and Andrew and Peter, had keen there brought to Jesus, and 'certain others also had joined the chosen band. To -visit the place of their own spiritual birth would cause a renewal of their • vows, and act as an encouragement to persevere in'-winning others. Brethren, we feel lioneful that God will bless others in the place where He has blessed us: in the place where Peter and John and Andrew have been found, it is to be hoped that other Peters and Johns and Andrews will be discovered. "Where solid stones have been quarried, there remains much more material which may yet be. brought forth. .Eternity alone shall tell how many souls haye been born to God in this house. We have actually, up to the month of October, 1886, registered nearly eleven thousand persons who have como forward and confessed their fuith and joined this church; but those aro only a small part of the whole; for groat numbers come hero and return to the country, and unito with other churches. My brethren, if the Lord has found you out in this place, you will cry day and night unto ! Him that others may be found of Him also. Sit in your pews and say, "Lord, I believed on Thee in this place; therefore I pray Thee this day grant that many others may do the , same, ana may it be said, 1 Many believed on ; Jesus in the Tabernacle.'" Isupposo it is a lovolj'quiet spot by thebanks j of the Jordan, with only a little village or I hamlet, named Bethany, close by. Tboaarae j Bethany was altered by Origen into1 Bethabara, I suppose for distinction's sake. It really was Bethany; • and so our Lord had two Bethanies. It was there, in a rural retreat, that many believed on His name. Oh hills of Piedmont, when the Vtradois preached the Christ amidst your valleys, it may be said of you, " Many believed on Him there" ! Oh mosses'and hillsides of Scotland, in the Cove nanting tiroes, " Many believed on "^Tim these " I Talk not so exceeding proudly, Oh ye cathedrals, or yo great tabernacles; for many have believed on Jesus by the highway side, out on the village green, or under tho spreading oak. Out in the desert of southern Prance, where men fled for their lives to hear tho Gospel, many believed on Jesus. In what place cannot Jesos triumph ? He needs OWrtlA • in ?f„ nr»mh TTn \- Solomon's Templo; nav, in its porch He fiods / cavillers; but yonder by the willows of tho Jordan He find* a people that believe on Him. Go forth, ye heralds of the Cross, and preach the Gospel everywhere beneath the arch of heaven. At the comers of the street, or on the hillside, publish the pro clamation of the great King. In all cars proclaim the Gospel, till bv river, sea, and plain it shall be said, "Many believed r Him there." Seoondly, it is very instructive to note tho | time when "many believed on Hiai there." First, it was after a time of very great an d obstinate opposition. The Saviour could make notliingof these cavilling Jews ; they were so desperately prejudiced against Him that He turned away from them to moro hopeful spirits. No soonerdoes He cross therivertlron we read that "many believed on Him there.". So great a difference may we find in a few miles and a few hours. Opposition is no sign of defeat, hut the contrary. When the devil roars, it is because his kingdom is being shaken, or he is afraid that it will be shaken. It should not depress ns when wo see a bitter spirit aroused ; it should grieve us to see men | opposing the truth, but it should not lead us to abstain from spreading it. In tho face of opposition onr eyes should sparkle " With that stern joy which warriors feel j In focmen worthy of their steel." The time when these believed was a time of calm, unbroken quietude. Those who.ctune there came with the desire to hear and learn: they resorted to Him, and were prepared to hear thoughtfully. One of the fathers has a famous sermon upon this text, in which he deals with women, and speaks of them as hav ing so much more time for retirement and quiet than men; and he thinks that this is one of the reasons 'why so many of thera believe in proportion to men. Men live in the noise of public life, and so grow worldly aud forget ihe Lord; but women aro more often alone, and walk in quieter places, and we may therefore expect to Geo more of them turning ■ to God. Certainly an opportunity to think I is a great privilege to any man or any woman; and these people at Betbabara, delivered from the clamonr of Jerusalem and its priests and sectaries, were ablelo weigh the claims of Jesus,' and were led to decide for Him. Givo me the riverside, away from the rush of fashion, and I will preach with great hopefulness. A time of great thoughtfulness and peace of mind shonld suggest to us the propriety of setting onr house in order towards God. and considering the claims of tho Lord Jesus. If you aro this day free from care, free from labour, free from fretting, I beseech you, calmly judge of your own condition ns to the world to come 'whereof we speak. Think of the Son of God; see whether Ho is not worthy of your immediate confidence; judge whether it be not a. day of grace to your soul, wherein yoa should believe in Jesus. This time when many believed was a time .of great desire for hearing. Let me read it: "Many resorted unto Him, and many be? lieved on Him there." You cannot catch fish where there- are none; but when the fish come swarming^ to the net we may hopo that wmo'vriltbe'taken in its meshc*. We cheer fully hbpe ' that when men flock to hear the Gospel some will believe it. When I sec the vast crowds flooding this place like a sea, I hope it will not all be in vain; When men arc as eager to enter the house of prayer as others aro to get into • a theatre, snrely wo may hopb that God means to bless them. Oh that God would bless the multitudes that contend for stand ing-roora in these aisles! To what purpose does He incline them to come hither if it be not that they should believe and live? Hay it be said of this house, not only that many resorted to it, but that thoy resorted to Jesus; not only that thoy heard of Him, but that they believed in Him. We now make a third remark, which is this: It is cheering to obscrvo the fact itself. We have noticed the place and the time, hut these are of secondary consequence; it is most charming to observe the fact—"Many believed on Him." The belief of these people was prompt. Christ had preached without result for years to somo others; but to those who carao to this place He spoke only for a short time, and they ralieveff on Him there. How I wish j that many who have never heard the j Gospel before may believe on Jesus this day! I believe that new hearers are often the most hopeful hearers. If you could take a blind man out under the heavens, and in a moment remove the scales from his eyes, and let him soe the stars for the first tune, how amazed he would he! It is said that much of the special results of the preaching of Wesley and Whitefield arose out of tho fact that the Gospel had become a novelty in England, so that when they preached it, men were struck with wonder at it. I have, therefore, hopes that the preaching to-day of the fact that the blood of Jesus Christ, < God's dear son, cleanseth us from all! sin, and that" there is immediate pardon! to bo had by simply trusting in the Lord i Jesus Christ, will take some of yon so by ] surprise that you will believe at once, and it I shall be said, "Many believed on Him j there." Theso people did not stop to get | home; they did not wait for next week; but there and then, by the river's brink, they looked to Him who is the Lamb of God, and believed on His name. Somebody wrote a book, and wished to present it to old George tho Third. Former George said, "What's the book about, sir?" " Sire, it is an apology for the Bible." " What !" said George, " what! Apology for the Bible ! Never heard of such a thing. Don't want yonr hook, sir. Apology for the Bible,1 indeed!" Quito right, King* George! Surely we do not want any^apologies for the Gospel—it is its own witness. "God was iu Christ reconciling the world unto Himself, not imputing their trespasses unto thorn." Jesus Christ suffered, hied, and died, bearing human sin in Himself, and whosever believeth in Him shall he imme diately forgiven, imrae diately renewed in his heart by the Holy Spirit, and made a new creature in Christ. Why this is evidently a Divine message. " Look and live." Such a gospel never was invented by man, for no man likos it well enough to invent it, not even to accept it after it is invented, till God renews his heart. Let it sound forth that Jesus, mighty to save, invites men to trust Him, and, trusting Him, they shall live. Oh that you would cast your guilty souls on Jesus, und find Him mighty to redeem! Here is a simple verse for yon to say in your ; hearts:— I " A guilty, weak, and helpless worm, I On Christ's kind arms I fall; He is my strength and righteousness, , My Jesus, and my all." ; If you have said that from your heart, you i are a saved man. Go your way rejoicing in His salvation! Tho Lord bless vou ! Amen. 