PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONFERENCE. The Primitive Methodist Conference Chapel Committee met in the'Morphott-streot school room on Friday morning, the Rev. R. J. Daddow presiding. The condition of the various trust properties was carefully con sidered, and it was shown that they were on the whole in a satisfactory state. A large congregation assembled in the Morphett-street Cburoh at night to bear the Rev. John Goodwin | preach the Conference Bermou. A sacra mental sorvioe followed, which was numerously attended. Tho business of the Conference proper com menced at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, when the following delegates were received: —General Committee delegate, Rev. W. R. Stephenson; District Committee delegate, Rev. H. J. Pope; General Treasurer, Mr. James | Peters; Sunday-shool Union delegate, Rev. W. T. Wiltshire; Adelaide, Rev. H. J. Pope and E. Parrey; North Adelaide, Rev. John j Day Thompson and T. C. Curtin and J. I Canning; Norwood, Rev. A. W. Wellington and J. L. Bottrill; Parkside, Rev. R. J. Daddow and W. W. Winwood and T. Smith; Queonstown, Rev. H. Holmes; Mount Barker, Rev. W. T. Wiltshire and 13. Hender and H. Hair; Kooringa, Rev. Theobald and Thomas Hutchinson; Salisbury, Rev. W. A. Dunn and Thomas Dimcnt; Saddleworth, Rev. H. A. Smith and J. Kinsey and J. G. Ianson; Strathalbyn, Rev. S. Gray and S. Stanton, i J.P., and G. Sissons; Kadina, Rev. J. H. Williams and C. Tremberth and H. Daddow; Woodside, Rev. J. J. Salmon and C. Dunn, J.P.; Gatvler, Rev. T. Weatherill and J. Busbridge and T. Gash; Two Wells, | Rev. H. J. Parkinson and John Secombe and M. H. Davis; Moonta, Rev. H. Parkinson and F. Ponball and R. B. Hand; lledhill, Rev. R. J. Rose and D. McDonald and G. Johnson; Mallala, Rev. J- G. Wright and G. N. Johnson; Yongala. Rev. S. Wellington aad D. T. Robinson, J.P.; Prospect, Rev. A. W. Styles and E. Hack and P. Le Cornu ; Broken Hill, Rev. John Goodwin and J. H. Stephens; South Broken Hill, Rev. J. E. Stone; Dawson, Rev. H. Hartley; Laura, Rev. S. Raymond and G. Thiseltou and E. Dack; Port Broughton, Rev. J. A. S. Wil liams; Mannum, Rev, R. Jackson and W. Wray and J. Coombe. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The election of officers was then proceeded with, resulting as follows:—President, Rev. j. H. Williams; Vice-President, Mr. G. Marsbman; Journal Secretary, Rev. A. W. Wellington; Assistant Secretaries, Revs. J. E. Stone, H. A, Smith, and A. W. Styles; Reporters, Revs. W. T. Wiltshire and H. Parkinson; Letter-writers, Revs. S. Wel lington and S. Raymond; Doorkeeper, E. Parry. j PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESSES. The Retiring President, the Rev. R. J. I Daddow, then delivered his address, in the course of which bo said he appreciated the oonfidenoe his brethren had expressed in him, andthehonour they conferred upon him twelve months ago, yet ho did not regret giving place to his successor. Tho Now Testament phrase, "the care of the Churches," had not been by any means meaningless to him. His position had been no sinecure, but he had felt a deep interest in and had tried to discharge the duties of hiB office. His work had beeu ren dered more pleasant and easy through the assistance of the Rev. H. J. Pope, the Dis trict Secretary. He held a high opinion of Mr. Pope's work and worth, whose kindness of heart and ability were such that to know him and rightly interpret him was to feel that he had a strong brother with a helping band. (Applause.) During the year he had attended the meetings of the Council of the Churches as their representative, and also the federal Council with the rest of the brethren ap pointed. He had also visited some of the Circuits, but would like to have visited more of them. Work had been undertaken in the West during the past year, and he had been deeply grieved by the fact that the Rev. A. J. Bnrt, while in the exercise of his duties at Knlgoorlie, had been smitten with fever, but be was pleased that he had recovered, and welcomed heartily not only Brother Burt but Brother Allan, of Norseman, to tho Conference. Good work had been done by the brethren named, and he thought that, though the union vote of the previous day _ in the Wesleyan Conference resulted as it did, they ought not yet to take down their standard in the West, but hold on until union was consum mated. (Hear, hear.) In this colony many of their stations and ministers had passed through a trying time. He deeply sympa thised with them, and had admired the spirit in which they met their difficulties. He had great faith in the future. It was full of grand possibilities. If he gave a watchword or motto he would not reiterate the cries of the last two or three years, such as " Back to Wesley," "Back to Paul," "Back to Christ," or oven the President of the Wesleyan Con ference's watchword or motto, "Back to the Holy Ghost." Why go back? (Hear, bear.) Why overshadow Paul by Wesley, or Wesley by Paul, or Christ by the Holy Ghost, or nice versa.? (Applause.) Why think so much of our splendid heritage when all things wore theirs—Wesley, Paul, Christ, and the Holy Ghost? The motto he gave was the old one of "Onward—upward." Onward to the fuller, richer, more perfect and beautiful Christian life. Let them seek to—ae W. T. Stead put it—" Be Christ's" by becoming possessed by the life, the sympathies, the spirit, and the lore of Christ. (Loud applause.) The new President, the Rev. J," H. Williams, briefly thanked the Conference for the manner in which they had honoured him. He had not the least suspicion that he would be selected for the postion to which they had elected him. It was just thirty years since the Primitive Methodist Church called him to take charge of a' Circuit, and sixteen years since he had been elected Presi dent of their Conference. CIRCUIT REPORTS. The Circuit reports were received and adopted. The Rev. J. E. Stone moved— That we ask the Railways Commissioner to grant to delegates to Conference and executive meetings the same privileges as are ghren to cricketers, foot ballers, and delegates to friendly societies. Carried. THE tlBIEF JB8ITCE. The Rev. John Day Thompson moved— That the Conference tenders its cordial congratu lations to the Chief Justice of South Australia, a member of a sister Metbodist Church, in his appointment to the distinguished position of a member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The Conference gratefully recognises the exceptional gilts which have been conferred upon him by Proridence, and prays that he may he long spared toexercise them for the welfare and elevation of his fellowmen generally. Carried. VOTES OF THANKS AND SYMPATHY. Thanks wore given to tho Rev. John Good win for Iris able and eloquent sermon to the Conference, and a request made that he baud the manuscript to the Connexional Editor for publication in the South Australian Primitive Methodist. It was resolved on the motion of the Rov. John Goodwin— That we record our appreciation of the services of the late Captain Thomas Cornelius to the Church, and that al.'tter of condolence be forwarded to the bereaved wife and family. It was also resolved— That we record our gratitude to God for the con tinued health and strength of Brother J. G. Wright, that we pray that his declining years may be full of sunshine and blessing, and that we also express our high appreciation of the services of Brother Howchin, and his practical sympathy to the Superannuated Preachers' Widows and Orphan Fnnd. It was decided— That a letter of sympathy be sent to Brother T. Uren, of Broken Hill, sympathizing with him in bis affliction. Also that letters be sent to Mrs. C. Hoggett and Mrs. Gillies, assuring them of the sympathy of this Conference with them in their late bereave ments. METHODIST UNION. The Rev. H. J. Pope moved— 1\. That the report of the Federal Council be received and adopted, and we express our apprecia tion of the services rendered during the year. 2\. That as all our members, trustees, and quar terly meetings have by large majorities approved of the proposal for the union of the Methodist Churches in South and Western Australia on the plan submitted, we declare in favour of such union. 3\. We recognise that certain difficulties will arise to our ministers in connection with clanse 6, out are not without hope that these may be satisfactorily overcome. t. That we accept the invitation of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference to consider the whole ques tion, and if practicable to define the conditions of union. In a Bhort speech ho emphasized the fact that the question had been before their people, and about two-thirds had voted in favour of the basis submitted. He would like to see the motion he submitted carried unanimously. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. G. Wright seconded. The Rev. John Goodwin said that when tho voting took place in the Circuits they did not know the meaning of clause 5 in tho basis. He had no desire to hinder the union move ment, but he thought they ought to .clearly understand all that we were doing. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. Howchin regretted that they were in such a state of agnosticism upon the meaning of clause 5. He believed, however, all difficulties would be met. (Applause.) Mr. J. Peters thought it would be a pity if clause 5 barred tho way to union. Wny not have a thanksgiving fund among themselves, in order to help their ministers to face this finan cial difficulty? (Hear, hear.) His position had been well known upon this question, but he come round to the belief that for had come Methodism and ior the community Methodist Union was the right thing. (Hear, hear.) He fully believed that the difficulties would be overcome. Let them have a thanksgiving day right through all the Circuits. The reso lution was a step in the union movement, and he hoped it would be adopted (Applause.) The Rev. A. W. Wellington said he had been both blamed and praised for the letter ho had eent to the Press on the " union" question, but neither had influenced him very much. It had been stated that that letter emanated from an opponent of union. He had never opposed union, but he bad opposed and in tended to continue^ to oppose "sectional" union. He believed it should be general and simultaneous. He wanted to know how it was that the actuarial tables prepared by the Rev. J. Cope had not been published and dis tributed before the vote was taken. He then referred in detail to some of the difficulties ministers would have in entering this fund, and announced his intention of opposing the motion. The Wesleyans would honour them for taking the position be occupied. (Laughter. "Stephenson would;" and "The opposition would.") Mr. C. Dunn would like to know where Mr. Wellington's faith was. (Laughter.) He had been preaching "TruBt in the Lord and do good, and verily thou shalt be fed." Where was his trust? (Renewed laughter.) He, it ! seemed, would not trust the Wesleyans, neither would he trust themselves. (Laughter.) He did not see any difficulty that could not be overcome. If this resolution were not carried Primitive Methodism in this colony would be killed. (Applause and laughter.) He heartily supported the motion, and sincerely trusted it would be carried. (Applause.) The Rev. T. Allan supported union. Ho believed it would result in great good to Methodism. At Norseman his experience of a United Methodist Church bad proved^ to him that union would mean greater liberality. If Mr. Pope's resolution were not carried it would be a disgrace to Primitive Methodism. (Cheers.) The Rev. S. Gray said they had taken the vote of the people upon this question, and it had been largely in favour of union. He would therefore support the motion. (Applause.) The Rev. W. R. Stephenson said he had been an enthusiastic supporter of union till two years ago, but then ne felt that his hand ought to be stayed on this question. They had real difficulties to face, and be thought they ought to know more tban they did how they were going to be solved. The Rev. J. D. Thompson thought those who had objected to clause 5 were justified in the position they took. Other financial diffi culties had been mentioned,"but they were not referred to in the basis of union. They had to do now with the basis before tbem. Mr. P. Penhall thought as Primitive 'Methodists they ought to rote against the motion. There was a great deal in the basis that was objectionable to the Moonta station, and that Circuit bad voted against it by a large majority. He believed in union, but wanted a much more liberal basis. He ob jected to be swallowed up by the Wesleyans. (Laughter.) Other speakers briefly spoke on the question, after which the motion was put, with the re sult that 51 voted for it and G against. Hearty applause followed the announcement of the result. SOCIAL MEETING. A social meeting took place in the Morphett street Church on Saturday evening. Mr. Charles Dunn, J.P., presided over a large audience, and contributed a humorous address. The Rev. J. D. Thompson spoke on "The Bible Idea of Social Progress," the Rev. W. R. Stephenson on "The Socialism of Jesus," and the Rev. W. T. Wiltshire on "Our Social Needs and How to Meet Them." The meeting was enthusiastic throughout. 