CELEBRATING THE QUEEN'S JUBILEE. After all the rhetoric and loyalty that was indulged in here in June last, it will be a sorry fizzle if Bendigo is to do nothing whatever by which the diamond jubilee of her Majesty will bo locally commemorated. The committee of the Queen's Statue Fund, notwithstanding that they have about £700 in hand' or promised, have decided to let it drop. This is to be re gretted, Anything would bo bettor than nothing. If an expensive and imposing statue to cost £1500 or £2000 cannot bo purchasedto at|orn the outside of (lie gallery, a beautiful picture qr even half-a-dozen beautiful pictures can bo purchased with £700 to .adorn tho inside of tho gallery. When citizens •— some of the citizens wo should say—have shown a commendable desire to bo patriotic and generous, their gifts should not be turned aside. Meii of that disposition who are so generous ns to give voluntarily to a public movement will be usually agreeable to its division to some other public purpose. It is the principle of the matter that they look at, and provided that it is kept, in view, they have few predilections or pre judices on tho subject It would under tho circumstances savor of the farcical if the. statue movement is to wholly fall through. A Tdndred proposal was the ori ginal one of the art ghllcry committee that a jubilee picture should bo added to the collection. That was an excellent idea—a most excellent idea when it is re membered that whore one person has the' necessary aft education to see the beauties of a piece of sculpture q hundred fifth up preciato tho variety and ooloraiid charm of a picture. Hut at the time of writing neither tho picture nor the statue sections pf the Queen's Jubilee Commemoration Committee appear inclined to make a step forwards. Their present intention is to return the ch'equ'os which they have in hand, and close up tho whole thing with a bang. This is too precipitate. It is suggestive of “ feeling " having introduced into the matter. . Business men should not indulge in such a luxury as “ feeling," more specially in connection with, a statue. Very much more to the point is tho pro* posal of the hospital committee that the assets—tho money in hand arid tho pro mises—should bo handed over to them. The money; would thon bo, put to practical use in providing bettor quarters for tho hospital nurses. • These quartets are badly required. If a proper building were erected it would add to tho architectural effects of tho main building and bo something which would pleasutably recall what Ben digo didin commemoration of tho jubilee. Perhaps not all, tho statue subscribers wopld consent to the exchange.- But it is believed that the majority woujd willingly do so—-provided, of course, they wore apr preached in the right spirit and the matter laid fairly before them. Those who have paid their money, will not like the. notion of “ lifting” it again. Tho' rehandling of such money would remind them.of an un laid and.unappoased ghost of the, jubilee period. And those who have 1 promised bufc-not yet paid, will be disappointed, if told that they need never send it in. The matter is.one that is well worth looking into. As it is all for the public welfare, whatever is done, tl)o gjtigpqs who are in terested themselves jn th't miaf-tor (statue committee, art gallery committee and hos pital committee) should endeavor.to work together and produce a practical outcome. Defeat is a sorry word, and should never be confessed. Bendigo Bast/w Fajij gnd Letters to the Editor will bo found bn Qlic first pago Ibis morning. Fourth P age. —Tho following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth page this morning—Mining Nows and Notes. To-day’s EVenxs. —Warden's Court, 2 p.m.; Art Gallery Committee, 4 pan.; meeting St Kiharis Branch, H.A.C.B.S., 7.30 p.m.; Professor Smiths Entertainment, Royal Hall; meeting Long Gully Wanderers Football Club, Silver mines Hotel, $l p'.in.; anniversary tea and public meeting, Baptist Sunday School; meeting Sand hurst Lodge Druids. Election mooting; Mr MfrS {Jirs?h.Vldrc$8C8cloctor8 at Bridgewater, 8 Sr— ’ Dividends and Calls. T •V$«iV roturi,s on Saturday amounted to about.4I00oz, The following were tho principal yields (week), 5S8oz; Great Southern (wook),462ioz; Johnson’s Roof, 23Ioz; Catlionno Roof, I45oz ; Carli6lo (week) 124iqz ; st - Mungo .(week), 123ioz; Ncw Amis (vveck), 120oa; Koch’s tionoor (week), 121°z; Windmill Hiir (week), 102oz; Now yw?®? "rm I02oz. Amalgam: Now Red White and Blue, ,69oz; Stewarts ; .United, 63oz. DiMdonds; St, Mungo, 6d, £600. Calls amounting to £lAlU arp payable on Wednes day, September 8. , , , a^ MP " 9 f c th ® Minister of Mines has (says,the Herald) so far improved thathoexpoets to bo able tobo present athis office for a cbuplo of hp.urs on Monday to transact urgent depart mental business. The hon. gentleman had to undergo a slight bht rather p.Ainfiil' surgical S!i’ W f" 0h ' baS S i 7 0n him at least tem porary relief, . Hospital Nurses’ Home Pund.-A circular bearing tjic signatures of Mr. Sternberg (prcsi dent), Mr.. MoGowdn (treasurer) and F Mr Stamp (soerotaiy.) has boon posted to bach of the,subscribers,’ explaining toat-as a meeting of m w tt<1 i e i 0f .f on . t f ibutors tlio .Queen’s' S,n°ff Und oa.h-ehAlf, ot tlio Bendigo'Hospital Oiat Uio subscribers will bo good enough to. trailsfor thoir promised subscription. the: Nurses’ Homo Fund," .The itfcsent acebrn® !V°^J on > 1 . t ri ppmted out, is,qmfc inadequate, Uio rooms being so crowded.(in violation of tlio-rules of the Board of Health) that.the licalihof tho nurses is aaonaced',. ana- they aro subjected to groat inconvenience.- Tho nurse's’ rooms arooloso to too wards, toe prosbricb of too patients being a constant restraint oh tho froo- intorcourso of too nurses;, while .tho un avoidable noiso made by-the nurses is' n source of annoyance, and irritation to tho pationta P ro ?- 0 ® cd to_ build a suitable detached j|9™?,-to accommodate too nursing staff Bv so doing, too several small wards at present occupied by too nurses will bo available for ThoTS°nf ftT,d tlcatmcnt of -S2S w. rho want of proper quarters for too nurses has boon Jong recognised: by tho boaird' of management, but want of fun/s has beSJabw to notion, being taken ’ ° • ' . .Rain and (Iail.— Several brief showers foil 1 yesterday afternoon, but not more than a cbiiplo 1 of pomts wore registered. About was a shower of hail It was light in tho cite 1 Kte at Ea S lehawk Kangaroo Plat Tho hailstones wore not ns largo as Un oael I of Kangaroo Flat but ho u&b; .tliaLtooy woio quite JargO onoiigh .:>• -*-•••■ BRNDrao Agricultural Society;—Tho monthly tpooring of too committeTof torn society was hold too town hall on SaturfaJ 40 momberepi -i Btorry (proaidont) in too ohair rospondonoo -—The Maffra Somoty wroto. rS-‘ questing too attondanoo of two m , ,n »• mSkss & tw»7 Btafang e ait^o"<l S TOufe^a 1 fpr too best and moatsuitable %V»'VA»5i ai nmrkofc Itocowod wto fcffks— From Mount Wyohoproof Somotv ft copy of U»o sehodulo of tho with any rocoramjndutiona that may iinvo ivcmi < mudo regarding! the growth It SS especially auitabli to tho oliwato arid district of £° pftl T AtEidd, to. Judges and stewards—Tho following. w6 « appointed to act at T.S t, M ng 1 bom Stock. Mosaik , F,. Murphy, Ballarat; >Y. Gyant, Romsoy f W.Thoiripsen, Kynoton. Stewards ; h(4vsl and, Bailey, iborougibreda, Hackney and Hunters. —Judges j Messrs; W, Allen, Melbourne: R. Hunter, Burnowhng 'S. G.Cook, Bandring hamj P. Meutfe, Ballarat; C. MoMahbn! Wentworth. Stewards; Messrs. Kirby. 8.. Lazarus, J, Hofffrnan, R, J. Moorhead anjl Dr, McKco. Timekerper and starter, Mr, J. Pearce. Messrs, J. Hurst, Romsov, J. Smith, Kow jjW. "Tuppov,' L'aanofioorie ;"J7 Teosdalo, Brunswick. Stewards; Messrs. Wul- Lothloan i and Sternberg. Sheep.— Judges: Messrs Niehol, Bccehworth Court; Austin, Geelong; A. Begg, Mount Gomel; J. Fmlajr, Melbourne ; R, Clarke, Belinda Vale ; It Oliver, fcelcsitn Downs : C. Sloe, Nowstead! Stewards) Mows, Renoil, Howe, Nichols, Goudgo and J. Watson. Pat stock.—Judges; Messrs. Hookey, Malmsbury; E.’Garron, Kvno ton. Stewards;Messrs. Grollis and W. Jack son. Swine,—Judges: Messrs, J. Yomig, Scdgowlck and J. Hookey; Malmsbury. Stewards: Messrs. Rose and Steel. Dogs — Judges: Moesre, W. J. Smytho and A, 8\. MoMiclmol, Melbourne, Stewards; Messrs. Porter, JacksoTi and Millet. appointment ofi judges loft in tho hands of tho finance committee. Stewards; W. Griffcn hagon and A. Malgir, Machinery.—Judges' s ; Messrs. At Roberts arid J, Horwooa (Bendigo). : Implements—Judges: Messrs. W. Bassett (Campbell's Forest), G. Kerr(DrummarUn), W. Clayton (Loichardt); Stewards: Messrs,Fox.T; Hogan and> C.Brennan. Bicycles,—Judges: Ro presontatircs of Messrs, Cliff and Bunting; and Messrs. T. Robinson arid Co, Stewards; Messrs. Millott and Marks; Wines.—Judge; Mr. H. M. Qoaoh (Melbourne). Stewards: Messrs. Stony. Cohn, Goudgo, Gadd and D. B. Lazarus. Dairy Produce.—Judges: Messrs. Pox, Crago, Seymour, Somers and Jqek (Ben digo). Stewards: Messrs McGowan and Rundoll, Flowers and fruit,— Judgp left to the finance pommittoc. Stewards : Messrs. Cohn', praiko Riul J. Allen; Nccdlo wopk.-T-Judges i Miss Aspinall, Miss Gray , (of Ilondorsonand Ooodisson), representative' of' Craig, Williamson and Thomas. -Stewards; Messrs. T. H. Henderson • arid T. Espinctt ’Bees—Judgo; • Mn-J. G. Edwards (Bortdigo), .Steward, J Steel. ‘ It was dpp;t]cd totenqor ah;, invitation to Hjfln. Mr. Bmaaoy.who will bc ; on q visit to Victoria when the snow is hold; The meeting tlpm closed. - ‘ - City Pone® Court.—Messrs. M. Rundcll and W. Webb, Js.P., adjudicated op Saturday;' Phillip Wilkinson, summoned by Mountc<l- : constable Myers for not having his child vac*, ciliated, was fined 10s with 3s costs. A pm-soii charged with lunacy was remanded to the lunacy ward of the hospital for a week, and a carrier’s license was issued to C. T. Cblolough. : Encinbdbivbrs’Association.— Thomonthly meeting was hold on Saturday evening, the president (Mr. H..Niobolls) in tho chair. A; Forester, secretary A.E.D.A., wrote notifying fcliat death levies had been struck consequent bn the deaths of, Jos. Carnegie (Ballordt), and William Victor (Daylosford). Tho levies wore' passed for payment. Two members wore nominated and the mooting closed. ’ Death of an Old Resident.— Mrs. Delaney, wife of Mr. Michael Delaney,of Queen street, died at her residence yesterday morning She was 66 years of ago, and Jiad boon ailing for somo months. Sho married M»’- Pojqnoy In County Tjppormy (Ireland)', and came to the colony with him in 1860. Soon after their arrival Mr. Delaney got an appointment in tho Bendigo Post Office. Ho came hero with his wife, and they have resided hero over sinco, Tho deceased was highly respected. Her husband and a grown up son and daughter survive her. The funeral will take place to tho Bendigo 1 ' Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon at 3.30. Educating Horses.— Professor Norton B, Smith's entertainment in tho Royal Hall, Forest street, was well patronised bn Saturday night. Five horses wore put through the Various les sons by tho professor, who tamed tho most fractious in a very short time. Some extra lively horses are promised' for to-night, Includ ing tho racehorse' Rbvonswood. It has never yet been driven in harness, but the professor to-night is going to“educate" it to harness in I one lesson. Tho season closes on Wednesday evening. By advertisement in another column Mr,.L. A, Skuthoni announces that his friends are prepared to book him against Professor Smith to. handle, a horse that-has never pre viously boon ridden. Illness op Mb. G. Bain.— Wo regret to state that Mr, George Bain, so well known in connection with tho business of Mr. A. Bush and in local amateur circles, is vonr III.' Since Tuesday lost - , ho has boon suffering from erysipelas in the head, and yesterday bis condi tion'was so serious that a medical consultation was hold. ‘ No one is allowed to visit him, as bo is too ill to'sco nny of his friends. Sfc. John’s Ambulance Association,— At the examination held at the §ch'ool of Mines on Wednesday last the following lodloiipaksCd, in order of merit :-~Vfit)x nibon .bredit ; Mra Hoi-wood, Mrs, Hamann, Miss Florence Darvall, Miss Sarah Downes.: With credit • Miss Sutton, Mrs. J. B. Young, Mrs. Hall, Miss Luffsmann, Mrs, J. H. Craig, • Miss Olivo Bishop, Miss Florence Omo, Mrs. J. H. Cur how, .Passed: Mrs. Atkinson, Miss Helen Powles, Miss Elizabeth Davies,-Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Rogers, Miss Alice Jones, Miss Grace Murdoch, Miss Dora Murdoch. Three foiled. Farewell Social. —On Thursday evening a farewell social was tendered toMr.G. Gardiner junr., in the Masonic Hall, on tho occasion of his removal to the metropolis. For somo time past ho has been assistant to Mr. T. P, Anthb’fty H®* 8 >n ohargoof tye lo'paT branch of the A.M.I, Booloty. The largo number of friends who mot to bid Mr. Gardiner adieu jhdlcatcd tho highi esteem in which ho ls hcjd. bnd his pro motion is only another instance of the success of young Bendigonions. While his departure was regretted, his many friends will bo pleased at bis promotion. A'pleasant evening- was spent in dancing, interspersed with songs and recitations. At sapper the toasts of “Tho Quoon,n ;f Quc i3uos|,- and “Igfm Lhdiofl JJ wore bonoi-ed, and the company broke up with singing “ Auld Lang Syne.” - Typooraphical Society.— Tlio half-yearly meeting of tlm above sooioty wab hold in the Trades Hall on Saturday evening and was well attended, tho president (Mr. A, H. Gurtis) oo- chair. Tho report and balance sheet, which wore adopted, showed that the union was in a very satisfactory condition. Mr : vinnard (delegate to tho Trades’ and Labor Council) also briefly. reported ■ on tho work transacted by that bodv durincr ®« followsPresident, Mr! > treasurer, Mr. Hillier: auditors Messrs. Thomas and Boore; committoo, Messrs! Vinnard, Jones, Davis, Bkrrixss, Thomas, Tabu-’ teaunnd Lunn, After-the ordinary business Imd becn dealt with, Mr. Bvrno'roforred in spooial effort being made fi fhn w ] 7 Bendigo with’ regard to the Watson Srfstontatxon Fund, and moved that a sum of £3 3s bo granted to tho Minors’ Association for that fund. Mi*. A. JE; Thomas enthusiasm 10 m0tl ° n> an(1 ifc wa « 'carried with a 0 S (^jiIM ? N 1 TA the Football Association mtond'to give Mr. McS.winoy, their ??ntei «% a ‘ i 80 u d °S” a . fc Hogan’s.CourtHouso Hotel at8 oclock. Ho is leaving for Shoppar • iS DI ? 0 4U y ° CAt . IST --- T ho Ballarat Star,. Ll t i e^ ngtOfch0 ra H s JL eftl competition held there last Friday says;—“ Out of a large -.'number of competitors Miss Lillie Sharp; of Bendigo'/^ a d°hghtful rendition of tho number, ana easily winning first prize. a A “Mock BANQUBr.’’—After the businoss aty the mooting of St, Kiban’s Branch, H.A.G.B.S.. to-night-fclioro wilj bo a “moot bagquot” - A great deal of iRtorest is being taken in tbo mat-' tor by members, and it-shoifld j bo very pijjoyi ■ Election.— Mr. M. Hirseh nd- ; at;8p.m, to- WovERy qf Eost Property.—In otu* ad- Young, Victorian Rail\va\'ti oneino dnyor, of. Russell street,. QuarryHBli. turning.lns _pookGt book containing ohA £10- noto and other papers, ' f; Enu of a Bank Managbr.—Tho bodv of a : SS l r 08 ? at of Mr. Frederick [ Gowlttnd, formerly manager ' nf branch of the Commercial Banking Comp'S of Sydney, was found floating on Fnday v ra6riJ' mg in the water at Botany Bay; There was a flc-sl'.in the throat, but not deep to iiayo caused .doatli. The body bad been in»the ..'vetc 1 ' several days. A charge was nendb-w against Gowland of defrauding people bymeam Cheques, and n- warrant had been'’ issued for his arrest - cn Goop_ DfTENT SooiETY.—Tim Imlf-vearlv of thei -vyork of this ■ sooioty state/' that Pk^ 10 i 8 ° Cl0^y ’ lie. work and' objects became bettor known $n, increasing amount of interest ■fnrtSlffi?^ 18 ing ? h °wntowardsit.. Dm?- mg the Imlfrycar sovoral now subscribers w‘2, added to tlxo list, but (the officers state) wo are' sorry to say ftmt wo find our Imnds ftedtoa extent through want of.vfunds - We hayo not .for this reason boon able to- -take : on : S«/' lX>8h of distress, butcould wiQi a few i oxcoptiQns only relievo those whoso names have nnnnrtU b0 ° k , 8 f ° C 80tA ° tnM0 Wo Would appoat to those >yho are ohantably disposod to help us m qur woik, as every small iSmstenS JjS d °Thh?fl U l fcC> p larg0 i lly 0xtond our 8 P hcTO of woik The tyok of workers is also a drag on tto wboete of our Tsooloty,~and wh0 ma y cave tlmo affif disposal tojpm us in our ondcavor to aUovlato SebaRySna n f Ban **oOuS During for assistance, JlW in blankets, clothing sprsir fiwds m opder to garry on aucoesafully qw I A rn. nyZtVA S B * 10 pair of bla,S ,J Mr/Aj *1 who have bolnod uK ■ ftnJ ahoAS totitt this, report win‘V ny *«r J nuslng up workers anil i- 1 '?' 0 vJ* pathy ift,fchoahajio bf o„iJi ,e l^ n 8 pra/.?-^ £1 donations, £7 5 mAj^ Os; Mrf/Dyasoti’s doiiniljl pr ? c< *di iftf* ®*P«*>(lltwro; AnL l ?cJ Children-- 'f onFnday morning at \v£? m^ kt I Coroner on tho ladies %U*£ oh.hirer,. I fc was Xiw ?_ U) ? jl Cg bodice, wepo first seen eompnnicd! her il l \ uh hi ftre tho children * Dr nmdo a post mortem. I>SSV 0 * \WI were no marks of violet nfc S Ho was of opinion that Urn of <hit! exposure and consequent food ; also that death took .?® k Nh four days aco. Tim ~r°° k that donUi Van due to shook. Tho funowd (ook S Bu whona large proton fc in Uon list wm, opened to «kone! 3 ihe «f2j Al?iW “Noxiooa TftiT.B« Jogcd nuisance, which h™*’ cm , Supremo Court for aovcmlaf on Thursday. JoS W? alleged that goods hi hi« -ft heat from the chimney * en >Xm restaurant koonors h*i thcfr-iatotorS sg>* 4^Jl ■ttwt defendants bo reab^„ Uo,’J4b!e theirhualncss so as *** *L a 141 s * tondqnta to soy, they haJeS 'AS a reasonable, way. y The 60 must use his property in i^ A raasr&&is; m offoots, on tlio pwmi/jT* 4l their rooms niio ». Or. H. ETobson and Go wftfHlle, humniorlesß, hmsehdoadineAn i* property of tho late Mr fiW® .gun can > inspected morning. ' ux,m ° <dkd ,• The VVhathhr. Tim i- B. Edwards’s on Saturday 2'.^ = 9 ’ - 12 n °on. fcA 6 p.m., 56 = ; maximum, 65° JaW Baromotcr.-g o. m 29-88. o a " a, *M p.m., 29*66. ,3 P‘®,Sa 