The Child Marriage Iniquity inj India. (From the Quiver.) ? A missionary of the Church of England Zenana Socioty heard screams issuing from a house in Krishnagor. She asked a man standing at the door what was tho matter. It was only a little ' bow ' lately arrived in the zenana. Sho asked permission to enter I and was led into the women's apartments. In the dim light slio could just discorn a small heap in the cornor, and plaintive moans told her that it was something living. She drew near and spoke, and a woe-begonc face aopcared to he instantly hidden in torror at tho sight of a fair-complexioned Englishwoman. By de grees the sound of a gentle voico speaking hor own lanmiaeo. and thn sio-ht nf n, anrn.n.linnl inspired curiosity and confidence. The heap became more and more animated as one picture after another was turned over beforo lier eyes. 'What made you scream?' tho ladv .asked. 'They beat me,' the . child replied, and she drew up her sari, and dis closed wales, which showed that she had had ample excuse. _ ' Why did tliey beat you ?' ' Because I cried for my mother.' And tho face puckered afresh with the recollection of lost love and care. And now that tho new friend, whose tenderness had dried her tears, must leave her, what should she do ? Before going away the Englishwoman pleaded with her mother-in-law not to punish tho young wire aerain for tho snum « n a — ? ? ? ? XL IB BU natural that a child should cry for her mother,' sho urged. A smile was tho onlv response. This was the young bride's honey moon, and it was not an uncommon beginning of wedded life. The authoress, 'A.L.O.E.' —a missionary of the same society in the Punjab — met with a little pupil tho day after ner arrival in her husband's zenana. The child crept into her white-haired teacher's arms, her tearful face and heaving frame mutely appeal ing for sympathy and help. The gentle old lady linld her m a loving embrace ; but stronger arms were needed to protect a young ' bow' from oppressive custom. It is hard to find wilful; mui, to tzio picture ot zenana life. The weary monotony is seldom broken. Even domestic duties are beneath the dignity of a very high-caste wife. She smokes, she ueops, she chews, she plaits her. hair, she -ounts her jewels ; at last she dies, without r'P° or comfort. ' I shall spend all my life [ jn this narrow room,' said one wife bitterly ; then I shall die, and they will put me into & narrow grave, nnr? flmf. -n,;!! ? n . r me. Another, who had begun to realise that there was a fair world outside the four walls oi her prison, which she could enjoy if onlv she were allowed, looked with liquid eyes into the jfaco of an English lady visitor and inquired, ' Why are we so different from you.' You are like' that bird,' she con tinued, pointing to a dove which flew past the window above her. 'You are like nying toward Heaven ; we are like . sam« bird, shut up in a cage, with its svmgs clipped.' Seven years ago a little girl m nine years old was seen on the parapet of \ ^as1e ln Bombay. A policeman, noticing !uat sho seemed inclined to throw herself jown into the strofit t ? j ison why her life had become too heavy a rden to bear. Her husband, a man of 47 10 had been already married fourteen times! i bought her from her father for fourteen :fees a month. He had. beaten her, and bad \- atened to kill W if ai,0' r in his hair within five days. The case ned, but as there was not sufficient evi to prove habitual cruelly was eventually ®ed- It was reported in the press, with jgnant protest against the ' Childmar ^iquity.' Imagination fills in the dark in this picture with still darker shad 0f traces in the background the ghosts thf.n miserable^ victims. ' It is easy to trer° yollng wife, her soft little fingers, trie and e'ums7 from fright, as she lorcFn of death- to fulfil the task her storjotecto1' ^as S0t tor. Perhaps the _ijebeard is as easy to credit. : 