fllS8BLLlNE0U8. QUEER STORY A FREAK OF FATE. DlOS Fbbbabs »»a n Captain in the Guards, m4 Maisie Ohallonor was his finance. Wheu their engagement was announced to ©So world at large, it created the proverbiul ttine, day a' wonder, for they were about the Bat people that anyone would bare expected tt) oomo together. The affair was freely dis- WJpSsd at fiyo o'clock tea tables, and in club Banking roams, and the universal verdict wes that it would prove a failure, and be 'Off' before three months had passod. But fiat onee the wiseacres were wrong. When (ix months had passed, the affair was still 'an,' and preparations for the wedding were in full awing. Shoulders were shrugged, and heads <wero shaken. The tide of gossip and scandal flowed merrily, but somehow it did dot touch Maisie. There was something about her that forbade any active outside Interference in her private affairs, and the most hardened acundal-inonger lucked courngn to approach her on the subject of Dick's delinquencies, past and present. I Say 'present' advisedly, for though he contemplated matrimony, he did not con template giving up the amusements and the associations that belonged of right to hia bachelor days. Certainly those amusements and associations were less en evidence than I II 1 L.f Lf_ . i . ituujc. uiu uwa utuore nis engagement, nut they remained in the background all the same— and he intended them to remain, Most men pall up a little when thoy marry, aad go ateadier, at any rate, for a time ; but Disk did not mean to. He meant to go on OT he bad begun. In short, instead of his proposing to relinquish the aforesaid amuse ments and associations that be might marry Maisie hs proposed to marry Maisie that he might not be obliged to relinquish the amuse ments and associations. That is the cuso in a nutshell. For he bid come to the ond of his tether at lust. The pationco of his long suffering credi tors was exhausted, the Jews would have nothing more to say to him, his signature Vas a drug in the money-lending market, and ruin, absolute and complete, stared him in the "face. In such a desperate strait there are two alternatives left to him— and two only. One was sooial extinction, immediate and for all time; the other was to marry money. Of two svils, choose the least, and he fihoso to marry moaey. His choioe fell on Maisie, for roasons that were sufficiently practical. Ho proposed, lind was accepted ; after which he proceeded ta play the role of devoted lover to the best of his ability, and it was a rolo for which his handsome face and delightful manners eminently fitted him. But Maiste knew nothing of all this. She was not ignorant, although she wns innocent, and, doubtless, ,sbe suspected that Dick, in common with other men, had sown a certain amount of wild oats in his time; but that he was still assiduously engaged in sowing them Bhe did not suspect. Dick knew she did not suspect, and he prayed devoutly that her BUtpioions might not be aroused, at all events Until the marriage was an accomplished fact. The oddly- assorted pair regarded their engagement and coming marriage from totally differunt standpoints. Dick's heart was In no way concerned, and his view of the case was that of a selfish, reckless man of the world. Maisie't was that of a true and loving woman. Her heart was in every way con- eurnod, for she bad given it to Dick. He was all the world to her, and as the golden lummer days sped by, she dreamed the dream that comas to no woman twico in a lifetime. So things went on, and the all-important day that was to change Maisie Ohallonor into Mrs. Diok Ferrars drew nearer and uei-ror until it was ouly a week away. A week to-day, ' said Dick, ' wo shall be man and wife. How does tho idea strike you V They were sitting out a dance together at Lady Robinsou's ball, and they had chosen a very comfortable place to sit in. A cosy corner of the large balcony, fenced in by a screen and a tbiok clump of tall palms, and lighted by two or three Japanese lanterns winging overhead. The scented solitude was delicious after tho ooise uud glare of the orowded ball-room, a pleasant little breeze from the outside world stole its way through tbeohinks in the striped awning, the dreamy music of the violins thrilled sweetly in the distance. The dim light fell rosily on Mnisie's fair uplifted face, with iti chiselled features and satin skin, and tho great grey eyes that were so fall of womanly softness and tender ness. She made a charming picture as she sat there, leaning idly back on the sombre plusb pillows — a charming picture of warm, living, lovely colour. DUk spoke lightly, but he looked at her with a certain amount of anxiety. He could not help feeling anxious sometimes. So touch depended on this last venture o' his, and he was not safe even yet. There was a whole week of uncertainty beforo him, plenty of time that for things to go wrong, and if they did — if they did. It was u subject that he did not care to pursue to its logical conclusion. A faint pink flush stolu softly into Mnisie's cheeks. It was a very pretty flush, and Dick admired it critically from an artistic point of view, though it did not make his pulse beat one whit the faster. 'It strikes me — pleasantly, ' she answered, and then she looked at him and smiled. The smile was as pretty in its way as the flush, and the two combined were altogether adorable. Dick's heart thrilled with the pride of possession, if with no warmer fesling. 'That is jast how it strikes me, ' he. said, and laid his hand oaressingly on her soft bare arm. Such a pretty arm— round and white and dimpled as a baby's. She smiled at him again, and his conscience mote him, as it did from time to time, for ha was dot at all bad. A vague sense of remoro stole into his heart, chilling hiin un pleasantly. He could not meet the perfect iovoand trust that shone in her eyos, and feel na sbame. ' I'll go and and get you an ice, ' he said, rising from bis seat, with a desperate tort of foaling that he must be alone for a minute. 'Wait hero till I come back, and don't let aay one take my place,' Ho harried away, «nd Maisie, left alone, leaned back on her pillows and gave himself op to pleasant meditation. ' Ten minuteB elapsed before Dick returned with a pineapple ico in one hand and a glass of champagne cup in the other. 'The refreshment-room was simply packed, he explained. ' I thought I should never get near the table. This ice looks rather choice, itnd 1 He broke off abruptly. For tho firBt time bis eyes had fallen on Mnisie's faoo and what he read there shockod and startled him beyond expression. In those ton minutes she had nged ton years. ' What is the matter f ' ho asked, falling buck a stop and staring at her in horrified amazement. ' Have you seen a ghost ? Arc you ill ? ' She rose aud faced hiiu in the dim light, her hands clasped convulsively together, her face deathlike in its ghastly pallor, and in hor wide, strained oyes such dumb misery and blank bcHpair as he had never seen in any mortal eyes before. 'I am not ill, ' she said ; 'but— but — oh an awful thing has huppened — un awful thing.' She paused, but Diok said nothing. lie waited in silence for her to go on. After you had gone,' she continued, 'after you had gone I heard people talking 011 the otherside of the screen. They couldn't see me, and T couldn't see them, but I could hearcvery word they said.' She paused again, end put her hand suddenly to her throat, as if some thing choked her. 'They were talking of you, ' she suid. Dick laughed shortly, though his heart sank like lead, lie knew wli.it. wns mmino ' Oh ! I dare say,' lie returned, with uneasy defiance. And what did thoy find to say about me I Scandal of all sorts no doubt.' Shu turned to him desperately. ' 1 ought not to have listened, 1 know that, but I beard the first words by accident, and then — and then I could not move. 1 seemed turned to stone. I can never forget the tilings thoy said — und the woman was worse than the man.' 'You bet 1' Dick said cynically. He did not look at her, but at the chining tips of his irreproachable patont leather shoes. ' You may as well tell me tho whole story and have done with it, ' he went on, ' I hate hearing things piecemeal.' She put her hand on the back of a chair as if to steady horself, and stood there looking at hiin — her face white and set, her eyes glowing with an unwonted fito. 1 They talked, ' she said, ' of you and your life, of your love for gambling and racing, and every form of dissipation, and — and of other things that can't be mentioned between you and mo. Was it— is it all true?' Ho laughed again. ' I'm not n suint, ' lie said, ' I nevor professed that. Did you expect me to be one?' She looked liim straight in the face. ' No ' sho answered quietly. ' I didn't expect you to be a saint — but I believed you to be a man of honour,' He was not quite hardened, but her words cut like a knife, llo winced. ' Go on, 1 ho muttered, between his teeth. She flushed suddenly scarlet, then grew white as death. ' I don't know how to go on, ' sho said, ' and yet I must. After that they began to talk of me — of you and 1110 — aud they said — they said ' She broke off with a gesture that was all-eloquent. ' Go on, | he said again She raised her eyes slowly to his, ' They said,' she went on desperately, ' that you did not love me, that you never loved me, and that you only asked me to marry you because you had run through all your money, and because — because — oh ! the shame of it ! — IMH'.nilSf mv liinnnv wrnii/1 i>on tn keep on with (lie old life, and the old associa tions. They said you h >d not given them up, and did not intend to give t.lioni up, even after our marriage — even after our marriage. Ib that true, too 1 ' He shrugged his shoulders. ' Yes,' lie answered, recklessly ; ' it is true enough.' Shu looked at him for a moment in silence then turned away. ' I loved you,' she said. ' I trusted you.' Dick groaned in spirit. The situation waR the most embarrassing and unpleasant one in which lie had ever found himself. He had behaved likp a blackguard - the fact could not be glossed over — to a good and true woman, and bhe hud found liiuiout. It was not tilt first time that he had behaved like a blackguard to a woman, nor the first tnnn that he had been found out; but then those women were not like Maisie. As lit, stood there, Htaring at the floor in sullen silence and feeling like a prisoner at the bar, he thought of nil that this meant to hiin — and it meant just everything. He had lost his last elianco. Nothing lay before him but ruin and misery and degradation. It was all over now. He had played n desperato game, and his luck had failed him at the critical moment. Thoro was 110 more to be said or done. Henceforth his world would know him not As he realised all this with intense bitterness of spirit, he suddenly realised some thing else, too ; something that filled him with surprise so overwhelming, so bewildering so appalling, that it drowned for the time being all other feelings. It was Maisie that In- regretted moBt of all — Maisie! ilie woman to whom tin had sold himself in order that lie might retain certain things, had, by some strangely ironical freak of fate, become far dearer to liini than the things for whose sake he had b -en more than willing to sell himself. J,«su uo iiuvs ssww nuuTvu 1U UIIL.ll lUttl lUUlUUUl. It has been said that no never appreciate a thing at its true value until we have lost it and Dick bowed to tho truth of the old saying. Now chat Maisie was lost to him for ever he realised all 'hat she had been to him — realised that he was honeitly and genuinely in lon for the first time in his 1 if--, ami with a woman who was tho exact opposite of all the women he had ever admired beforo. And this now strange love had grown up in his heart so quietly and gradually that ho had not suspected its existence till tho present crisis had caused it to leap into sudden passionate being. Truly wo are but puppets ir> the hands of destiny. ' I loved you,' Mnisie said again, hor soft voice strained and broken, her soft oyes dim with bitter tears, ' und I thought — I thought you loved me. Fi r minutes that seemed hours to both of them, Dick stood still staring at the floor, with his hands thrust deep in his poikms. Then be raised bis .-yes ,'owly t > her lace, and audo a wUp forward. ' I'm not going to ask you to forgive me, ' he said, ' that would be only waito of timo. Aline was tho sin, and mine must be tho punishment. After to- night you'll uevor seo me again ; but I should like to to tell you the truth before I go. I began by tolling you lies, but you're not the sort of woman a man goes 011 telling lies to. Listou It's true that I've always been a bad lot, and that I always meant to go 011 being a bad lot. It's true, too, that I didn't care for you when I proposed to you, aud that I only usked you to marry me so that I might have the means of going 011 ns I had begun. So much for the past — now for tho presout.' Ho paused for a moment, then went 011 in a lower tone : — ' Tho present is, that I love you, hut God knows how it has come about, for I give you my word of honour 1 never knew it till this moment. It seems a queer thing that a man should lovo a woman without knowing it ; hut the world is of queer things. Yes, I love you. You uru more to me now than all tho things that I ua-d to think made life worth living, 1 hate the old life, and 1 hate the old associations. The mere thought of tlimn sickens 111c. 1 have been "lind, but I am blind no longer, Aly eyes are opened.' He paused again, and sighed hopelessly. She looked at him. 'You love me,' she said in a breathless whisper; 'you lovo 1110 after all. Is it true V 'Yes,' ho answered with a hotrse laugh ; ib tiutt. jvo li uv uo kiiiih x aiuuu isi;s<; tut' most miserable and ashamed and degraded man on all God's earth. You'ro a good woman, und perhaps with your help I might have got to be different in time. But it's 110 use thinking about that now ; it's too l ite. Now there's nothing left to me but to go. We've both had our say, and — and 1 won't ask you to shako hands with me. Good bye.' And, as he spoke, he turnod and walked slowly away. Alaisie stood where he left her, her hands pressed together in a convulsive clasp, the hot colour flushing and fading ill her cheeks, a new strunge light shining in her eyes. Once— twico sho strove to speak, hut her trembling lips could not frame the words she wished to utter. When ho reached the screen, he turned and looked back a last long look. She found her voice then. 'Dick,' sho cried 'Dick.' He did not move, but stood there looking at her in silence. She came quickly towards him. ' Don't go,' she said, ' 1 don't want you to go. I want you to stay.' A dazed expression crossed his face. ' Stay,' he repeated stupidly. Stay. I — I don't understand.' Her eyes dazzled him with their glow and tenderness as they looked into his. 'Yes, stay,' she said. 'Don't go away from me. I — I can't spare you. Never mind the past ; let it rest. Never mind what you have been ; thut is over and done with. It was not tho fact of your being i nd that broke my heart, but the thought thut you did not love me. But now — now — oh, you say you love uiu now, and that makes up for everything. It was nil I wanted you to say. If you love me, and hatu the old life, won't you — shall I — can't wo begin a new life together — you and I.' He drew a long deep breath, and passed his hand over his eyes, lie felt Hko a man in a dream, ' You could never trust me,' lie said at last, and bis voice sounded hoarse end broken xou wouiu always reineiuuer now 1 neeeiveu you once, and so should I. You had better let tin go. The risk is too great.' Bhe smiled up in ilia face. ' L a 111 not afraid of the risk,' she said. 1 1 11111 willing to undertake it — if you will share it.' And she held out lie- hands to him. II IS FI H.ST OPT'OIUTJ N 1 FY. Seize ordinary opportunities and make them extraordinary. ' The best men, ' says E. 11. Cliapiu, ' ure not those who have waited for chances, but who have taken them ; hegeiged the chance; conquered the chance ; and made chance the servitor.' A story which is not new is well told by George Gary Kggleston. A laige company bad been invited to a banquet at the mansion of Bignor Faliero, in France, and just beforo the hour, the con fectioner, who had been making a large orna ment for the taiile, sent word that lie had spoiled the piece. ' If you will let me try, I think I can make something that will do,' said the hoy who hud been employed us 11 scullion. ' You ! ' exclaimed the head servant, in astonishment ; ' and who are you ? ' ' 1 am Antonio O-inova, the grandson of Pisuiio, the stone cutter, ' replied the pale- faced little fellow. 'And, pray, what can you do?, asked tho major donio. ' 1 can unite you something that will do for the middle of the table, if you'll let me try.' The servant was at his wit's end, so lie told Antonio to go ulieud mid see what lie could do. Calling for some hut ter, the scullion quickly moulded a large crouching lion. Dinner was announced, and many of the most noted merchants, princes and noblemen of Venice were ushered into tho dining-room, Among them were skilled critics of art work. When their eyes fell udoii the butter lion, they recognised it us 11 work of genius. They examined it lonir and curefnllv. and .mired Bignor Faliero what great sculptor had been persuaded to waste hia skill upon a Work in such a temporary material. When the distinguished guests learned 'hat the lion had been made in a short time by a scullion, the dinner was turned into a feast in his honour. The rich host declared that he would pay the boy's expenses under the best masters, and In kept his word ; but Antonio was not spoiled by bis good fortune, lie remained as heart the same simple, earn est, faithful boy who had tritd so hard to become a good stone-cutter in the shop of Pis no. Some may not have beard bow the boy An tonio took advantage of tliis first great oppor tunity ; bu all know of 0-mova, ono of tho greatest sculptors of all time. PitOPOitTiONATBLY, there is 110 great town in the civilised world that has so few daily morning papers as London. This is duo to tho largo expenditure involved in stnrtiug ono. Anyone contemplating starting 11 London morning paper must be ready to . l-'ac Led, QUO to a -10,000 per annum fur the tirst two or three yeutu. 