THE CULT OF CATS. WOMAN'S LATEST FAD There aro cults besides that of the horse— tho cult of the cat, for instnnce! Most .interestingly aro somo aspects of t treated by a Lon don piper. To it wfc (Melbourne 'Herald') uVo inck-btwl for some 't-iit notes' in the 'Ladies' Kennel Journal' This is the stylo of thing : — 1 luw'o heard of the death of seve ral noted cats this month. ''Southampton Ghost' succumbed to a ball of hair in the stomach. Mrs. Greenwood laments him deeply. Mrs. Marriott has a fine young orimyu male coming on. '?Tho Seraph,' Mrs. Marriott's Chinchilla kitten, purchased at the C.l\ Show hist yum1, has grown into a l)iiJ', sniiil cat. Mrs. Waldeirrave Brodie evident ly does not suffer from want of buyers for her kittens, as she wrote me, ''I sell my kittens almost too rapidly, us some unborn are al ready sold.' She has put up u delightful cattery. But the whole cat story is by no moans finished. Our contempor ary tells of an enterprising and dis cerning huly who 'has bought a daughter of thu well-known Tom Esau.' Why Esau I we wonder. Another lady, Mrs. H. Woodhouse, h congratulated on her good for tune in possessing 'a litter of'fivo blues from Lobelia, by Kinglindor.' After that ono is prepared to learn that there is a 'Births' column. One of the announcements is quoted thus: — . 'Mrs. Gary Elwes' Persian cat Billing Sapphire, six bluo kittens, by Lndy Marcus Berest'ord's Zulu. August 22. New for -a suggestion of the b isi ness side. Take the following para graph :— 'Tho Hon. Miss Montague has been most unlucky, she tells me, with her cats this last two years, losing several with influenza. Sho has now u lovely lot r-{ eight hand some kits, bred by the' famous Wooloomooloo. She is thinkino- of selling her litters and keeping only Mousie. The kittens are priced at 35s. each— quite a giving-awny price ; but Miss Montague says sho must sell them.' Jn what flopartment of affairs now a-days will you not find the 'alarm- ing sacrifice?' Wo are told that there are pages of this cat business. Verily, mankind is a curious medley, 