THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarris, 46 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney.. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at tlie door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he •aid: " You want to know all about my case P Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering P " " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OFF WOKK, and I have done nothing Bince then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sidney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms P " " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They ivero for all the world like as if a PAW WERE CUTTING MY BONES in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly Ehivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave •me an order to the Director of Charitable o Intt'.tutionp." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No; I came home and went to bed, and liave been pretty wellin-bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; a in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then t'iat it was ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I waa in; I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinary voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetit3 and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink PillB, but I was too weak to use them, and now I dont want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see 1 am rxpidly gaining my strength." " He is a hundred per cent better," said Mrs Jar.-ip, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. '• The Pink Pills have SAVED HIS Ln>E, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at thie point said that JaTvis looked tetj.years younger than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarris, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to work in two months' time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. . ' Having wished Mr Jarvie continued speed towards recovery, our representative withdrew. 