MA.DRAMSAY. , ! ALB RIGHTS RESERVED. An Australian Story,' , BY AN AUSTRALIAN WRITER.! CHAPTER X.— (Continued.! . . "You stop me If I go wrong then, "said Chips, and his mate answering, "Aye, will I," he began, ."It's just as well that all hands ahnut the- niace should know. the truth of it, because if she goes down to Bourlce and dies the yarns will start again. I stick to them I make my stuff by, and that is and has been the Ram- says these twenty year and more; the old Nabob, who died, and this young fellow, whom some folks calls Mad Ramsay; though, if most folks had got their heads screwed on as well as him .there wouldn't be much chance for fools in the world. I've seen him a ramping and a tearing, and I've heard him a raging and a roaring, and there are queer tales of her goings on in town.but let the best of 'em try to have him in a big deal and see how they'll come off. "Well, about twelve year ago, the old Nabob was alive then, but Mr. Hugh, !he was in charge, and only him living here. Old Billy Jubilee's affair was down ,at what now goes by the name of Jubilee Timber. Billy used to run a bit of a one-lioss -circus an' show. Many's , the '.lialf-qqid I've parted to see the inside of his tent, and had better fun ten- times over at the shearers' ra ces. or down on the board. But Billy al ways had the gal with him; that's her, yes, Duigan's woman. She was no chic ken then, but she could act and mag, and ride a hit. An' when she was rigged out for Lady Audley's secret, or Ham let's ghost, or something of that sort, she was a bit different to anything we ever see out here. Well, Billy came to a bad end. I-Ie had heen showing at our shed, and the boss, nothing could bar him then, had kidded the woman up to the home station. Billy wouldn't put up with it, and struck thie show, and went down and camped at the Timber. He paid off the chap3 as was his orchestra, too. and sacked the blackfellow who did the tumbling, and the horse-keeper, and swore he'd get that woman back and take her dean out of the country. Two or three times he came to the station, and it was then you would hear the barking going on; begin to be afraid o' biting too. For Billy carried always' a six-shooter, and then, as now, you'd never lind the boss wiihout one under , his coat- tails. Tlie woman, she used to keep inside, and Billy, do what he would, could never get word of her. But nobody expected what came of it, and that quick. "One night, it was later oh than this, the boss comes flying homo, as he often enough .used to then, right across every thing, a wire fence wouldn't stop him, or turn him in the daylight. I saw him then, and I can sec him now. Over the rails of the hone-paddock he came, and, flogging his horse hard, right for the gate, which opened into the little paddock below the garden. The horse was a beauty, full bred out of a Premier mare, and lit to win a Grand National. But I expect he was dead-beat, for he rose too soon hit the gate hard, and came right over. The boss was slung clear of him into a heap of rails just pitched down there, and the horse lashed them about with his feet before he could get up, so that when we lifted the boss there was some above and some be neath him, and a pretty mess he was. Bruised and battered from head to heel. Blood running out of him in half a dozen places, and all his clothes knock ed to pieces. We got him inside, and killed one horse and foundered another fetching the doctor's out before morn ing. He had a couple of dints in his skull, and as many broken bones as sound 'uns. But that ain't tlie pint of the yarn." "Two days after wo picked him up. Patsey Duigan, he was boundary- riding then, sees a devil of a eorro- boree of crows down in the timber; and, thinking they was making too much fuss for it to he a horse or a bullock he rides across; and there, about ten yards from his camp, lays Billy Jubilee, i'ace down, and them devils trying to upend or roll him over, so as to get at his eyes. "Duigan comes in nigli as fast, though not quite so wild, as the boss, did; and, of course, we sends for the police. And then begun a devil of a mess. I'll be d d if some fathead amongst 'em don't begin to jine on the boss's trouble with Billy's murder, and the Sergeant he camps in the house, and two or three times comes pretty nigh to a stand-up fight with the doc tor, who couldn't put up with his med dling. But all that was knocked on the head in a week. For a tamper, with more brains than tho rest of 'em, he spots Blackguard Scotty, who hadn't struck a tap since last shearing, knock ing down money like mud at the punt shanty. . He pinches Blackguard, goe3 through his swag, and there's all old Billy's cheques, five hundred of it or thereabouts. Blackguard swears, of course, that he found Billy dead, and reckoned 'twas only natural to collar .what was about him, but that wouldn't have sav ed him. He'd have swung right enough if the trooper hadn't boon a mug for all his cunning." "tVhy, what did he do?" "That's what I'm coming to. The punt wasn't working; the river was too big; and he starts to take his man across in the boat. Blackguard could smell the rope ahead of him. and reck oned he'd take his chance of the water. Anyhow, right in the middle of it he sets to to rock the boat, and afore the trap could either stop or shoot liini, sends her over, and down the three of 'em goes. The puntman, he got ashore, but the other two were picked up ten miles down, and not till a fortnight after. .... ,i "Well, then, of course, that know-all Sergeant, ho quits us, and there is no more tail: about the boss. But the woman, she stays oh. She s nurse, she is, and by-nnd-byc, when he gets about again, reckons to bo missus, but that never was the way with tho Ram- says. He set her tip on a boss and for a while they used to go about toge ther in high style. She boosed things, too, up at the house, but the Chinaman told me often enough th7e r?.mr and ructions, and a good deal of talk ntiont the way the whisky and vine went It lasted about eighteen months, anyhow, with sometimes the hosr, oil the station and sometimes away In town. And then I suppose there was a bigger row than usual and she cleaied ' off where, God only knows. _ But about four months later who snould come hack again but herself, and no better nut on than a biacK iti. \» aiy and sorry-looking she was, to", hut he never took on with hei again. The bu"ffy horses were got out and she v i:n'- downyto Bourke. travelling al mght. I-Ie followed next day, and a i.eek la ter it turned out that Duigan had married her and bought out the shanty and the homes teal \Von "And now, doctor, and Bm>. mj vou've got the right and the ivron, of it And v-'hat'fl tlmt son of a :-uii to/ he' What arc yon nsohin- un at ss&a; st said the carpenter. Next morning Billy, the : boundary rider, was despatched with a letter to Mrs. Duigan and the Indian was sum moned to the office. It was asked of him if he would un dertake the work of cooking for the boss. He expressed Ms willingness; gave immediate practical proof of his ability, but required three days In Bourke to settle up certain affairs with his mates at the camel camp. The Ramsays had long desired to sell Gidyea Plains, and with that end in view were consolidating the property by buying out some few selectors. Dui gan was one of these; nevertheless his interview on the day of his wife's de parture did not result In a sale but a row. A fierce altercation was heard within doors, and then out came Duigan, fol lowed by Ramsay, Mad Iiamsay beyond all doubt at that time, with a hunting crop in one hand, a revolver in the other, and blistering curses parting his lips at every second. "Go to your kennei.you. dog," he said, "and creep into the shelter I made for you, and gnaw the bones I provide for you. If I had the ghost, of a witness here I would have you arrested for an infamos conspiracy." "I'll go, boss," muttered the mean and meagre Cyclops, "I'll go and I'll bide my time." Mad Ramsay returned to the house, and the whisky, and was very "sweet to steer," till at the end of three days his Indian returned. A break of wea ther came with the Indian, in the shape of two days' most welcome rain. The grass and herbage, wild cress and War- rlgal cabbage, crows-foot, wild oats, and blue grass shot up as if by magic. In a week there was a tender growth of green over the whole face of the land. Lovely pictures fringed the mirages, the scrub growths began to bud on the sand ridges, and there was evidence that in a. few more days tho wild thyme would be putting forth its bud, and that the myall would bo gracious with myriads of silvery sprays, and that Gidyea Plains would be as redolent of paradise as a month before it savoured and smelt of Tartarus or a charnel. Then came two letters to that part of the world — the one from John Ramsay to his brother, saying that a very likely buyer had appeared, an Englishman, with good bank references, and that he proposed to bring him up with a party, men a.nd women, both cooks and servi tors withal, so that a jolly time might induce a good deal. The other letter was from Dr. John son to his daughter, and was to the ef fect that he proposed to take a holiday and join the Ramsay party. He thought a winter's holiday in the warm inlands would be enjoyable and health ful, and also that Rose might as well take the opportunity of returning to town and espousing once more the more normal duties of life. He (the doctor) had been mindful of his com pact to keep her occupation and tem- poary place of abode secret from all her friends. Not that he held it to be of much importance, but he had always humoured her fads, and it seemed to him that she might as well begin to study his comforts. To the doctor's surprise, a wire came stating that the errant damsel would re turn immediately, and 40 hours later she herself appeared, bag and bag gage, or, as the doctor merrily ob served, the baggage with her bags. But not to stay. "I've just come down to get some new frocks," said Rose, "and then I am going out with you to the Ramsays' place. I should like to have a bit of liberty out in that broad country. I've never yet .been outside the hospital grounds, unless to and from tho railway." _ "But how will you meet Hugh so.y ?" "Oh, leave all that to me. I dare say he has become properly sane by this time. He was distinctly on the mend when he left." The doctor protested, but the damsel prevailed, and in the second week of July in that year sets out in response to a most cordial invitation from the Ramsay brothers, to spend a fortnight on Gidyea Plains. CHAPTER XI. — EMU HUNTING AND OTHER MATTERS. "I think I ought to know your face," said Dr. Johnson, as at a station on the wide plains fifty miles Sydneywavds of Bourke, a young man entered then- carriage and extended his hand. "You have a singularly bad memory if you don't, papa," said Miss Rose. "This i3 Dr. Carnegie, one of your old students. He Is in practice at Bo.urke." "How d'ye do, and I see," said the doctor. , „ "He is the doctor at the hospital, is the only living soul who knows of my being there, so you take care," whispered Miss Rose. "Ah, yes, I will," said the doctor. And then they talked of ordinary mat ters, and Dr. Carnegie told how he had run down by the mail train in the morning to visit a patient, horso flesh being scarce in Boruke just then." "What's tho case?" asked the doctor, with one of the sharp glances which had often startled a dreamy student. And it seemed that Dr. Carnegie was caught napping then, for he answered with a start, "It's a bless my soui, what is it, It's— ah— locomotor ataxy, I believe." ."Ah," said the doctor; "difficult thing to diagnose, isn't it?" After which, as Rose seemed disposed to be chatty to the new arrival, ho dozed away, as towards the close of a forty- eight hours' journey middle-aged tra vellers will. A certain train of reflection, however, was sustained throughout the doc tor's dreaming, and the pith of it was: "It took her ladyship a year and a half, but it's over now. Yes, by Jove, I think it's over, and though I don't sup pose he's rich Carnegie's a good man, belongs to a decent people, and I'm glad of it; yes, I'm glad." Rose and Dr. Carnegie talked a good deal, and seemed desperately in earnest towards the close of the journey. Rose, indeed, found it necessary to make some little memoranda of ar rangements entered into. At which ir. became incumbent on the doctor to einit a prodigious snore. The two con spirators smiled, but seriously, and then a new idea, dawned on Rose, whlcn brought first a blush to her cheel then a tear to her eye, and ultimately sent her across to her father to arous him with a tender caressing touch, ancl to whisper, "we shall arrive in a fe- minutes, dad." "What? Yes, I suppose so, and we olu follows do sleep so soundly, don't w< Rose? That's right, and this is Bourki oh? the city set on a plain? Wouldn't be much loss ir it sunk right through it. Shall we get any dinner hen Rose?" "Oh yes, depend on that, and after dinner I hear them talking of driving out to tho station by moonlight." "What! Why it's fifty miles. It will take till morning. I will 3ee John Ram- nay hangecl first. Got ft spare bed in your ward, Carnegie? I'll put up with nour accommodation first." But when dinner, very well served at the big hotel by the river, was over, and tlie moon arose, ana inc son wane light overflowed all that weird land, so that the full river rippled like molten silver between the intense black trees, and Mount Oxley rose over the mist far away like some mound or sacred monument of a dead and forgotten race, and all the hazy dis tance seemed full of promise of mys tery and of calm delight, the Doctor was no more eager for his couch than any other of the party, and about nine o'clock, in half a dozen well-horsed bug gies, tliey went out to the bridge which led to the northern shore( and over the now well grassed plains to the Ram says' home station. Thore for a week they enjoyed what to many of them seemed halyccn days. Hugh Ramsay was knocked into a bit of a moody fit one day by news Dr. Carnegie1 brought out, -that -Mrs.' Dui gan had died in the hospital. "Wo man we admitted on your order, you know; very far gone in phthisis." Ramsay remembered very well, and the familiar mad look come Into his eyes for a moment. Ho seemed to force It away by actual' physical effort, and answered "Yes; I remember. Duigan was the name; wife of a man on one of the selections down on the creek. An old servant of ours. By the way, I should like a headstone put oyer her grave, with name and date, and so on. You might tell the people in Bourke to see to it. Was Duigan with her when she died?" "No, Duigan, as I am informed, has been drinking hard. He will have no chance to see her. We have to be quick about burials up here." "H'm! Poor devil! You going out with us to-day. doctor? We shall have a run or two after the emus, though Johnson and some of the others are going down on the flats for snipe." "I'll go with you," said the doctor, "if you can find me a horse." Thus Dr. Carnegie, with Hugh Ram say, two of the Englishmen, Rose John son and two of the Ramsays' cousins from Melbourne went out to hunt the fierce emu. A half-dozen mounted men had shep herded three separate lloeks, and were stationed so as to , keep them when chased from making on to the wire fen ces. It was a day full of fife, and not without a dash of glory. An unclouded sky, a gentle southerly breeze. The hor ses ankle deep in grass, herbage and flowers. The trees in all the glory of a quick outburst of foliage — for a wet July brings all the bourgeon of spring to the vegetation of these Australian latitudes — care, and, as it seemed, the fear of care, utterly absent, the very atmosphere thrilling with all the zest of life. On the lakelike pools, where the waters of the creeks were held back by overshot dams, wild fowl Innumerable swam. Native companions, tall as storks, great pelicans sailing solemn and slow, ibis and cranes, swans, duck, teal, by tens of thousands. And with a whish and a. whirr, a rustle, a roar as of the sails of a navy flapping in the wind, they rose as the merry party broke suddenly on them, gallop ing through the timber of a sand 15 Another ten minutes and, behold, Billy, the boundary rider, dismounted behind a clump of budda bush, beckon ing cautiously. Steady then, and silence every one. Ride slowly, and now dismount and follow along where that snake-like belt of timber protrudes on the plain. Keep i down, signals Billy, keep down. And | so, horses' heads all down and riders i bent half-double, they creep along to where Billy stands. "Crawl just through there," says Billy, "and look." Tho men crawl to the edge of the scrub, and see, half a mile away on a flat below, fourteen great emus feeding or at rest. Tall as ostriches they ap pear, but sombre In plumage, fleeter, it might be imagined, and if attacked more wicked. Creep back and mount. Up, up, you get! There go the dogs. Away, with a half-dozen short, sharp yells, and there now go the emus. No fear of riding on to those hounds. They seem to gain on the monstrous, half-flying birds with every stride. But, no. The emus take many a stride before they fairly get way on. Soon spui's are dashed savagely into the eager horses, whips are plied even in the first burst, for the pace is terri fic. But the older hands say, "Easy," and Mad Ramsay yells out, "keep a tight rein and follow me; there are wire fences ahead." Sure enough; that is a line of posts on the ridge, not half a mile away. "We shall be on to it. Hold, hold!" No, out from a clump of oak dash two riders, with hats waving and wild hal- loos. The emus swerve, turn, and make away from due north towards east, with all the breadth of a ten- thousand-acre paddock to cross. And away goes the chase. Hoof -beats fall ing heavy and dull on the lush grass, or ringing clear on the compacted surface of a patch ,of higher ground. Timber rising as if by some strange art of grammarye, and pine ridges, lost in the blurred and hazy distance a half minute after thoy are crossed. Never a mountain or even a hill anywhere within ken, but the world's rim, un broken as on the ocean. Nearer now tlie fast-l'ailing quarry. The reed-like rustling of their harsh plumage plainly heard, long necks turning sharply from left to right, a stagger here and there, a desperate spurt of the dogs, and "we are right amongst 'em." There is not much pleasure, perhaps, and a good deal of the element of proper disgust, in the pulling down oi" any game. But the poor emus make a ghastly flutter when the dogs are at their throats, and there is nothing very picturesque in mankind dodging round them with stirrup irons and hunting crops. Mad Ramsay didn't care much for that work, and yet, as it seemed to be hove him. as master of the sport, to give the coup de grace to the game, ho dismounted, and went straight for a big cock bird, who was keeping off a couple of dogs, and letting out nasty kicks. "Take care, sir, take care, leave him to the dogs." It was the boundary rider who spoke, and of course in vain. Ramsay sprang in with a good and well' aimed blow, but stumbled as he delivered it, and got a dying kick from the beast across the back sinews of his leg. There was no wound, but it was such a blow as a stalwart man would deliver with a stout sapling, and it left for a while a sense of being ham strung. The doctor was quick with his assurance that no real harm had been done, but there was enough injury and pain and annoyance to render further hunting impossible. There was a waggonette at an out_ station seven miles away, "and the doc-' tor advising that it should be brought they led their horses a hundred yards along, to where a clump o low broad- crowned colanes made ample shade,- and a cluster of shallow water pools sparkled gem- like in the green grass. The doctor, assisted by Rose then, who claimed instantly to perform all a nur se's duties, cut away boot and trouser leg and disclosed the tendons looking very ugly indeed. A levy was made on the pocket- handkerchiefs of the company, and wot bandages applied. Through the pain and the vexation a strange solace seemed to steal into Mad Ramsay's being under the. firm, yet tender, touch of the strong and skilful hands of Rose Johnson. (to be continued.) 