Religious Questions Which Ought to be Asked. A SERMON BY C.H. BPURGEON.* "But none saith, Where is God my Copyright sermon published under special arrangement with the late C.H. Spurgeon's publishers, Messrs. Passmore and Alabaster, Paternoster Buildings, Lon- don. Maker, who giveth songs In the night ; who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser than the fowls of heaven ?"—Job xxxv. 10, 11. Blihu perceived the great ones of the earth oppressing the needy, and he traced their domineering tyranny to their forget fulness of God : " None saith, Where is Odd my Maker ?" Surely had they thought of God they could not have acted so unjust ly. Worse still, if I understand Blihu aright, h« complained that even among the oppressed there was the same departure in heart from the Lord; they cried out by reason of the arm of the mighty, but un happily they did not cry unto God their Maker, though he waits to be gracious unto all sach, a»d executeth righteousness and jirtgM—t for all that are oppressed. Both with great and small, with oppreuora. and oppressed, there 1b one common fault In our nature, which is described by the apostle in the Romans, " There is none that urider standeth, there is none thac seeketh after God." Until divine grace comes in and changes our nature there is none that salth, " Where is God my Maker, who giveth songs in the night ?" This is a very grave fault, about which we shall Bpeak for a few minuteß, and may the Holy Ghost bless the word. 1\. And first, let us think over these ne glected questions, beginning with "Where is God my Maker ?" There are four ques tions in the text, each of which reminds us of the folly of forgetting It. First, Where is God ? Above all things in the world we ought to think of Him. Pope said, "The proper study of mankind Is man ;" but it is tar more true that the proper study of man kind 1b God. Let man study man in the second place, but God first. It is a sad thing that God is all in all, that we owe everything to Him, and are under allegiance to Him, and yet we neglect Him. Some men think of every person but God. They have a place for everything else, but no place in their heart for God. They are most exact in the discharge of other rela tive duties, and yet they forget their God. They would count themselves mean indeed If they did not pay every man his own, and yet they rob God. They rob Him of His honour, to which they never give a thought; they rob Him of obedience, for His law has no hold on them ; they rob Him of His praise, for they are receiving daily at His handß, and yet they yield no gratitude to their great Benefactor. " None saith, Where Is <Jod ?" My dear hearer, do you stand convicted of this ? Have you been walking up and down in this great house, and never asked to see the King whose palace it is ? Have you been rejoicing at - this great feaßt, and have you never asked to see your Host 7 Have you gone abroad through the various fields of Nature, and have you never wished to know Him who«e breath perfumes the flowers, whoa* pencil paints the clouds, whoae smile makes sunlight, and whose frown la storm. Oh, it is a strange sad faot—God so near us, and so necessary to us, and yet not sought for ! The next point is, " None salth, Where la - God my Maker 7" Oh ! unthinking man, God made you. He fashioned your curious framework, and put every bone into its place. He, as with needlework, embroider ed each nerve, and vein, and sinew. He made this curious harp of twice ten thou sand strings ; wonderful it ia that it has kept in tune so long ; but only He could have maintained its harmony. He is your Maker. You are a mass of dust, and you would crumble back to dust at this moment if He withdrew His preserving power ; He but speaks, and you dissolve into the earth on which you tread. Do you never think of ypur Maker ? Have you no thought for Him without whom you could not think at all ? Oh, strange perversity and Insanity that a man should find himself thus curUms* ly made, and bearing within his own body that which will make him either a madman or a worshipper ; and yet for all that he lives as If he had nothing to do with kit Creator—" None saith. Where is God my Maktr 7" There Is great force in the next sentesc* : "Who giveth songs In the night?" That to to say, God is our Comforter. Beloved friends, you that know God. I am sure yon will bear witness that, though you have had ••Adam amb Eyb"; By 4. Lodwig.—From the German Oollcotion in the Brisbane International Ezhibitiua. THE QUEENSLAND MOUNTED INFANTBT CONTINGENT FOB ENGLAND. [Photo by Brigsd*-Sorgeoo LMttUnut-Colonal Thornton. very severe trials, you have always been eustained in them whan God haß been near you. ' Some of us have been sick—nigh unto death, but we have almoßt loved our suffering chamber, and scarce wished to come out of it, so bright has the room be come with the presence of God. Some of us here have known what it is to bury our ' dearest friends, and others have been short of bread, and forced to look up each morn- Ing for your daily manna ; but when your heavenly Father has been with you—speak, ye children of God —have you not bad joy and rejoicing, and light in your dwellings ? When the night has been very dark, yet the fiery pillar has set the desert on a glow. No groans have made night hide ous, but you have sung like nightingale amid the blackest shades when God has been with you. I can hardly tell you what joy, what confidence, what inward peace, the presence of God gives to a man. It will make him bear and dare, rest and wrestle, yield and yet conquer, die and yet live. It will be very sad, therefore, if we poor sufferers forget our God, our Comforter, our Song-giver. Two little boys were once speaking to gether about Elijah riding to heaven in the ■ chariot of fire. One of them said, " I think he had plenty of courage. I Bhould have been afraid to ride in such a carriage is that." "Ah !" said the other, " but I would not mind If God drove it." So* do Christians say. They mind not If they are called to mount a chariot of fire if God drives it. We speak as honest men what we do know and feel, and we tell all our fellow-men that as long as God is present with us we have no choice of what happens "to us, whether we sorrow or whether we ' rejoice. We have learned to glory in tribu lation* al«o when God's own presence cheers bur souls. Why do not they aleo seek to know the Giver of songs ? \- And then there is a fourth point. "None aalth, Where is God my Maker, who teach eth- us more than the beasts of the earth, -and maketh us -wiser than the fowls of heaven ?" Here we are reminded that God is our Instructor. God has given us Intel lect ; it to not by accident, but by His Cftft, that we are distinguished from the beasts and the fowls. Now, *f anhnals do not turn to God we do not wonder, but •ball man (forget ? Strange to say, there has been no rebellion against God among ' the beasts or the birds. The beasts obey their God, and bow their necks to man. There are no sin-loving cattle or apostate fowls, but there are fallen men. Think, 0 man, it may have been better for tbee if thou hadst been made a frog or a toad than io have lived a man if thou «houldst live add die without making peace with thy Maker. Thou glorlest that thou art not a beast; take heed that the beast do not con demn thee. Thon thlnkest thyself vastly better than the sparrow which lights upon thy dwelling : take heed that thou do better and rise to nobler things. Methlnks if there ' were a choice in birds, and souls dwelt n them, their minstrelsy would be as pure ' as now it is : they would scorn to sing loose and frivolous songs, as men do, but ' they would carol everlastingly sweet psalms of praise to God. Methinks if there were Tsouls in any of the creatures, they would 'devote themselves to God, as surely as angels do. Why then, O man, why is It : that thou with thy superior endowments •must needs be the sole rebel, the only creature of earthly mould that forgets the creating and instructing Lord ? Four points are then before us. Man doec not ask after bis God, his Maker, his Com forter, his Instructor : to he not filled with a fourfold madness ? How can he excuse hhnself ? 2\. Supposing you do not ask these ques tions, let me -remind you that there are questions which God will ask of you. When Adam bad broken God's command he did not say, "Where Is God my Maker?" but tiie Lord did not therefore leave him *kme. No, the Lord came out, and a voice, silvery with grace, but yet terrible with justice, rang through *he trees, "Adam, where art thou T" There wiH come eueh a voice to you who have neglected God. Your Judge wIH Inquire, "Where are thou ?" Thoiigh you hide in the top of Carmel, or dlve: with th« crooked serpent into the depth* of the sea, you will hear that voice, and you win be'constrained to answer IL Your dust long scattered to the wind will come together, and your soul wJH enter into your body, and you wMI be obliged to an swer, " Here am I, for thou didst call me." Then you will hear the second question, "Why didst thou live and die without me ?" And such questions as these will come thick \- upon you, "What did I do that thou shouMst slight me ? Did I not give you in numerable mercies ? Why did you never think of me ? Did I not put salvation be fore you r Did I not plead with you ? Did I not entreat you to turn unto me ? Why did you refuse me ?" You will have no answer to those questions : and Jhen there ■will come another question—ah ! now I wtob it would come to you while there is time to answer it— <rHow ehan we escape If we neglect s6 great salvation ?" To-night I put 4t to you that you may propose a way of escape, H your imagination to equal to the task. You- wfll be baffled even in trying to invent an escape now, and how much more when your time of judgment really comes! If you neglect the salvation of God in Christ you cannot be saved. In the next world, how will you answer that ques tion—"How snail m escape ?" You will ask the rocks to hide you, but they will re fuse you that dread Indulgence. You will beeeeoh them to crush you, -that you may no longer see the terrible face of the King upon the throne, but even that shall be denied you. Oh, be wise, and ere you dare the wrath of the King eternal and dash upon the bosses of his buckler, turn and repent, for why will ye die ? 3\. Now, if any seek an answer to the grave Inquiries of the text, and do sincerely ask, "Where to God my Maker?" let us ghre the answer*. Where is God ? He i« everywhere. "He Is all around you now. If you want Him, here He Is. He waits to be gracious to you. Where Ks God your Maker ? He is ■within eyesight of you. You cannot see Him, but He sees you. He reads each thought and every motion of your ,«plrit, and record* It too. He is within earshot of you. Speak, and He will bear you. Ay, whisper—nay, you need not eveu form the word with the lips, but let the thought be in the soul, and He 4s so near you—for in Him you live and move and have your "being—that He win know your heart before you know it yourself. Where le your Comforter ? He Is ready with hi« "songß in the night." Where 1b your In structor ? He waMa to make you wise unto salvation. "Where, then, may I meet him ?" My* one. You cannot meet Him—you must not Attempt it—except through the Mediator. " There is one God and one Mediator be tween God and men, the man Christ Jesus." If you come to Jesus you have come to God. "God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself ; cot imputing their trespaMQts unto them, and bath committed unto us the word of reconciliation," which word we preach. Believe in Jesus Christ, and your God Is with you. Trust your soul with Jesus Christ, and you have found your Creator, and you shall never again have to say, "Where is God my Maker ?". for you shall Hve in Him, and He ehall live in you. You have' found your Comforter and you shall joy in Him, while He shall joy in you. You have aileo in Christ Jesus found you* Instructor, .who shall goule you through life, and bring you to perfection in yon bright warld above. May the Holy Ghost use this tittle sermon as a short sword to slay your indifference ; for Christ's sake. There are four livings in the English Church .worth, under £8 per annum each ! It is stated that Mr. Benson, more general ly know* as the "Jubilee Plunger," is shortly:, coming into another colossal for tune^ Aa-.v,;..: . ••■ ■ . •' " ■■'.. 