S/Hr -'y « J TRANSLATED FROM TUF. FRENCH OF GITS DE HAl/L-ASSANT.) “ I can support great misfortunes with equanimity,’’ said Leon Bridelle, an old bachelor, reputed scoptical. “ When a soldior on tho battle-held I stepped over corpses without emo tion. Tho cruelties of nature or of men inspire horror and indignation, but they do not give that contraction o/ tho heart—that shudder which we feel at the sight of certain small hut touching incidents. What anguish equals that of a mother when her child is taken from her—that of a man when death bereaves him of his mother? Their torment is violent ; it rends and overwhelms, hut thoy recover from those catastrophes as from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas certain meetings, certain things, half-seen but understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painful thoughts, which abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of moral suffer ing—suffering which is compli cated, incurable, deeper because of its seeming mildness, more painful because of its impalpability, tenaci ous in it3 unreality, leaving in the soul a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of disenchant ment, which wo are long in casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things which otuers. assuredly would not have remarked, hut which nenetraled me like sharp, incurablo stings. lou will not, perhaps, understand that I yet re member and suffer from impressions so quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of but one ; it is of long ago, but as vivid ns if of yesterday. I am now 50 years old ; th.cn 1 was young and studying to be a lawvcr. Somewhat sad and dreamy of temperament, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I had no taste for noisv bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about 8 o'clock in tho morning, in the nurserv garden of the Luxem Oh, that garden ! It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges, unceasingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, senaruted its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of bright, blooming Uowers, boarders of shrubs as exactly ranged as a band of collegians out for a walk, lines of magnificent roses or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of tiiis delightful grove was inhabited hy bees. Their straw houses, skilfully arranged otr planks, opened to tho sun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths one met their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful spot and its long, tranquil walks. I went there almost every morn ing and road, seated on a bench. Often 1 would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to the sounds around mo, and enjoy, the infinite repose of that garden of a by-gone day. Very soon I perceived, that I was not its only early frequenter, for I often met, facc-to face, a strange, little old man. lie wore shoes with ] silver buckles, a long snuff-brown coat, a laeo frill instead of a cravat, and a remarkable gray hat, wide brimmed and furry, that made one think of the deluge. He was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions. His keen eyes were constantly agitated by a con vulsive movement of the eyelids, and ho always carried a superb gold headed cane. Tiie old fellow astouished mo at first, then I began to grow greatly interested in liim. I looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest ho should perceive mo. One morning, believing himself alone, he began a scries of singular movements. First, a few light bounds, then a low how. Next, ho cut with his frail legs quite a sprightly caper, and then he began to turn briskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll way, and smiling as if to an audi. ence. Then he curved his arms, assuming graceful postures, twisting iiis slight puppet’s body, and salut ing space with innumerable gestures at once affecting and ridiculous. He was dancing. I stood looking at him, so surprised at his curious actions, that I began to doubt the man's sanity. But suddenly, he stopped; ad vanced as actors do upon tho stage, bowed «nd retreated with smiles and comedy kisses, that he threw, with nis trembling hand, to two rows r trees before him, then with the ut most gravity, he continued his pro menade. From that day I observed him attentively, and each day he recommenced his strange porform I experienced a great desire to Epeak to him, and, after having bowed, I risked saying : “ We are having an exceptionally fine day.” He returned my salutation. “Yes, sir; the weather is quite what we used to have.” A week later wo were friends, and I know liis history. He had been daucing mastor at tho Opera, in the time of Louis NY.; his beautiful cane was a present from tho Count j do Clermont; and when we spoke j of dancing, ho grew enthusiastic to j such an extent that lie talked with- ! out ceasing. One day ho confided to me. "I married La Castris, sir. I will pre sent you to her, if you wish, but she only comes hero later in the day. This garden, you see, is our pleasure and our life. It is all that is left us of the past. It aeoms to us that we could not live if we had it no longer. It is so old, so unique in its beauty, is it not? The air that I breathe hero seems as invigorating ns it was when I was young. My wile and 1 pass all our afternoons in this spot, but I come in tho early morning also it is so lovely then.” AVo separated, but that same aftoi noon I returned to the Luxembourg, and soon perceived my friend cere moniously giving hia arm to a little woman, very old and all in black. With, courtly formality he presented mo to her. She was inded Ld CfteU'i*, that famous danauti adulation ami love from king and princess, who had been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant century which eoeins to have left in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leaves, bathing us in warmtli and light. There was no one near in tho .garden. From afar came the sound of passing vehicles. “ Toll me, will you not,1 said I to the old man, 11 what was tlio minuet ?" Ho started from his seat. “ The minuet, sir, it was tho queen of dauce3, and the dance of queens, but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone j the minuet ha3 gone ttitlx Then ho commenced, in pompous style, a long, diiiiyrambio eulogy, of which I understood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes of the dance, lie tried, but became con fused in his description. Exaspe rated at his inability to' make his meaning clear, suddenly ho turned towards°his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on the bench. “ Eliso, if you wish, it would he very good of you, we will show this gen tleman what it was. Will you ?” She glanced anxiously around, then rose, and without a word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I shall never forget. They advanced and recoded with childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along liko two old dolls set in motion by rusty machinery, somo wliat out of order, but constructed of yore by a skillful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely moved, all my being over whelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an apparition— mournful, vet ludicrous—the old fashioned ghost of a dead century. I wanted to laugh, yet was ready to All at once they stopped. They had finished all the figures of tho dance. For several soconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in tho most extraordinary way ; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left tho capital for a provincial tour. 1 never saw them again. When I returned to 1'aris, two rears after, tho nursery o-arden of tile Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished spot of other days, with its winding paths, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of tho past ? Do they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles? Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet ■— two comical ghosts—among the cypress trees of some cemetery, Hitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moon light? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never closes. I cannot tell why. Undoubtedly, you find mb ab Por painting walls or other objects ex posed to dampness, a mixture has come into extensive use in Germany formed of very fine "iron tilings and linseed oil varnish. When the material to be painted is subject to frenuent change of temperature, linseed oil and amber varnish are added to the first two coats. The paint may be applied to wood, stone or iron, and, in the case of the latter, it is not necessary to free it from rust or oily matters. It is stated that cast-iron pulleys can be lagged or fagged with leather, without the use of rivets, in the following manner : First, the face of the pulley is brushed over with acetic acid, which in a short time rusts it and gives it a very rough surface : after ward the leather is attached to the face of the pulley with a cement composed of one pound of fish glue and one-lialf pound "of common glue, the result being entirely satis factory. An artificial stone of excellent quality and adapted to various constructive purposes is now made by mixing certain proportions of Portland cement, powdered granite, blast furnace slag, and water containing silicate of soda. The composition may be colored to suit ilic taste. A New Zealand conifer, resembling the yew tree, has been discovered by experiment to lie remarkably rich in tannin, the percent age being as compared with 2-1.1S for sumac and fi.iio for oak, and considerable quantities of the bark have already been exported. To Test Steel-—Pour on the object to be tested a drop of nitric acid of 1.2 sp. gr., let it act for one minute, then rinse with water. On iron this acid will cause a whitish-gray, on steel a black stain. 