CHINESE SUPERSTITIONS; The Chinese are as" superstitious; as any" race in Asia,.or even Africa;- therefore;they, must. support : a." great army of. people : to. minister to thMe ":superstitions''i(s!iysia^writer in. rZippincoil's i-Magazine^In; addition to: their Temples j and pagodas, , their - -monas-' teries. and . .priests—all of them probably receiving' mbre,--in proportion--to the whole amount of money - handled,! - than •- do .-.the" churches and ministers of Christ:-in Europe or/the United;• Statesis-.thervipeojplodof:.China support idolmakers, geomancers, ' fortune tellers, physiognomists,"' soothsayete, astro logers, and interpreters of dreams,, an army of. each. 'You find these "people in all-parts of China.- .Most' of them • look as though it. were, no difficult-matter to: gain< a living by their own wi&'or the lack of wit In others. The position which" they occupy! is above the artisan; but below the scholar-or the priest.' 1 The idolmakers. are frequently'skilled work men from the various trades." Some are fine ivory, carvers, others silversmiths, blacksmiths, and woodoarvers. Theskill of the woodcarver is shown in the large grotesque figures upon the "doors and near the entrances of temples.'" Instead, of copying nature, they all burlesque herJjandiwork;. The fish-idol, tvhieh is- sower timjes!(suspenaed.from the eaves" of; temples) is ah"'example" 'bf " t his" grotesque style of " work. The'"" workman; who- toilswfoh'days;' or- even weeks, tb'make one; does not attempt- to pic ture any particular fish, but -tried to carve out something .which will frighten •' any'timid worshipper. He is not satisfiedwhen he gives •the wooden , fish a full set- of shark's-teeth; 'he- must add the large canine .teeth: of the savage quadruj)ed. '2. the. carver is working for1 merit, he may imagine- any amount charged to his account, but: the-actual wages which he receives will not bring-him riches,, thqugh'he'inay be better paid than one who carves tables and cabinets. * ' Geomancers are; those who search out lucky places, for the. burial of . the dead. There, are more, than ".the; usuaLvavumber ' of tricks to.tliis; trade, whieh-'ionly'the initiated understand.. " These -diviners- carry'a vcom-. pass* with"'which. -to ^locate .'..holatively the1 positions'-of rieighbofing- htreams.-an'd hills." After- various; mysterihbsA Calculations,v.they: select, .a spot; hndv- proceed.r.to.-;examine -the soil 'with. gr^tycare;;;'' Btoriy.^sqil-; isi:-con-! demned' at""bucelrred .eartlr.sis'-proiibuneed. good; while it ;is'!still betteb.if?a. stieahi of;, .water flows in; that -direction,* or iPthetehoseii idcatioWcoinmandst-a, 'broad view!"/. ;;If' -the client is dissatisfled'Aviih" the- diviner's tfirsf* choice he must: fee him handsomely before lie Avili Seek a more desirable spot. * These tricksters earn.a better living/than theaverage'workmeni who.support a' large number of them in every Chinese province. -*:;V ' : Tlie . clever Interpreter of: dreams. ba3 'a profitable position in- .the Orient; wh'ei;e; the people-beheVe; that" each dream has a'hidden meaning; ;/;If: a! vision-isf:.yivid;" or.-deeply impressed..,iipdn;.the "mind, - the •dreamer, calls immediately upoii an interpreter,1' avIio is1,not; only able—fbr a fee/To reveal' the meaning, tiuf will se'll a mystic scroll warranted to com bat-.-A'ictoriously - any' threatening: ' ill-luck.. Another thing' growing! out of Chinese super stition which is asourco of profit'touiiuny people "is the 'spirit: money: ' Festivals, .high: days 'aiid holidays, .birthdays 'and Times of" mourning, all call for supplies of; this"imitation :casli. Spirit inoisey is bvu'iied--whenever, offer ings are made *tof gods or'ancestors; forit is: supposed to furnish disembodied beings with the*1" legal/tender " of spirit land: . Each night householders, laborers,-and tradesmen pay this tribute to the powers of the air.Although by no means monopolising tlie trade, the singlu city of Shad-hing employs 100,000 men, women; and children to manufacture c;ish for ghosts. llie.peculiar superstitious of (Jiima. em barrass workmen . in- 'the pursuit ' of . their ordinary 'trades. For example, the carpen ters and builders, though receiving better wages than , .many' other workmen, .must spend inuch of . their .earnings iu neavy toll, for. the privilege of passiilg" along the Chinese turnpike of superstition. In the first place, they must . exercise great care, when building a house, to. select it: ridge beain having neither .cracks nor kriots. Orie small hole is made therein and filled with gold-leaf; then the beam is painted red- All this is supposed to bring the, future. inhabi tants riches and honor- A- picture of. Ghong-Wong-Yae,- the special god of car penters, is usually'hung from the rafters of a.""new .house." or one undergoing repairs. Theso portraits are rented, for a small sum, from the priest at the temple ; of ; Chong-, Wong-Yae, whither carpenters and builders resort, to make their offerings, iu order to ward off possible accidents. If a; house is to bb , repaired . wonderful forethought is necessary. ' The evil spirits which arc sup-, posed to occupy each dwelling.that.mortals have inhabited . cause the .carpenter no end of trouble, and no trifling expense. First an astrologer must be consulted with; regard to the most lucky day' for beginning the work ; then' a square suspended from, the ridge:beaui is a.notification- to the spirit- of darkness' that their, dwelling-place is to.be disturbed, • wherefore the square.-thing for t sm to do is to move out quietly and peacefully. Next the carpenters make offer ings to these unseen residents.... These, gifts seem to say; "If you please," spirits of darkness, accent this bribe, -and. speedily take your flight." Next .the neighbors must be warned that, these Yevil -in fluencfis are about to be' turned loose,- per haps to seek shelter under a neighboring .roof,, Every house on .that street receives a .notice, •that upon a .certain day . and hour , repairs arb. to begin on the -dwelling of All Sin. Each household can then pay the imps npt to enter, its, doorway, but to go. to the ,-next' neighbor. / .. . The first person in all the world- who raised silkworms for the purpose of. robbing the. cocbqu.-of. its soft covering;was..the-Em press Si Lung, Chee,. who reigned in China 2,700 b.o. 1 She ismow worshipped .as goddess: of the si."-'rk*tx\\. •wiwi-'iS festival1:Y. einprais; antl keck of Si Lflng'r^h;eg;v^.,Wi>J,r^. v. spirit money, • an rinsfafinenf lupon , cub . abb?'; which: CKina;6wes..t6.'her;; for.did she notmal^e. thb* iuay e'arii life's lTgcessities. .aud the rick may., rujtle shining gartnenta? 2, - ' 