COUCH DROPS. [Bt The Lohbnob.] ? What ie the matter with that alleged Blare system of voting P We were all. Hold last election that it was not only! H-erfect but eren. lovely, and now they] Kare.been pnlling it aU to pieces again/ Htytbe way, Alderman Duff has hadai ^migaiuea go at »t too. Ana wnemer tie Hkes it or whether he doeBn't is a bit of HTmyatery. for wbilBt the system of Hlaike and Hare was O.K. we hadn't Hhe machinery for carrying it out pro Herly, which seems tome to be something Hike working out a tote dividend without Hhe machine itself — easy enough on Kaper, but in the actual flesh quite Knottier matter. Still this is easily over Home, for Dnffi has a system of his own Hrhioh will knock spots off anything ever ?rotted out to confuse a respectable Hoter, and means to, have it set afloat Home day, so what we may expect Heaven only knows, but I notice the Hnsh keep there all the same. .- ^h * * * -ui H Ob, the majesty of wealth! Thei^V Hothiag like the ossb you know. It frtlfc ^Enable a man to be as meanasevtt'h^ ?booses, and the more he has thelftjtw K may become ii he likes. Th^pM% Hoes not refer to the perso? Wp ptif ?hased a bucket of mortar^K^ ^Bricks on ft auuaing man MS nt rw Hor a »hUling-but I mu^^^^S Ht was. TOien of coifflpMpjjiW--to ?trikea bargain-^^^^gSii are H^mw§i^^^^loae b? averfl E^^^^b but I don't HKBBBSSlBHBw'*^**' '—*? however, K^aSS^tS^owii, and declared KK» tbent with it to ^Kirlhe change with him anon. He Hraiit as be spoke, and not being over Hfmartat tie game he misBed his grab Hand it fell somewhere or other out of Height. Then they set to work to dram ? off the lime and wasted half of it. Then B theyraked the sand about and said lots H of things quite unfit for print. But it H never turned op, and where it is gone is H a m vstery, for after spending about half a ?.flay'looking for it they reluctantly oame Bio the conclusion that it had gone some ?I where on its own and had a mission to RJulfil, bo they gave it up for good, or |r--*therforbad. ? Allure's that half a caser gone f ? Bllthe*Hlikethedewatinorn1 I tin ' faT away. ? *- uere e that eighteenpanee of ohango P ? Yone beyond the vision's range, ? -^enredljr you may engage rw, m** «*«*»!„ j ^?fcre'e a public house »-j, arouno JHfe* who carrieaon ^f9U/ti'oU Wffigiji. and woavop euoh » JtilSfcjb to I JWthe flies ^2£§3m£* M so near its outer.jSg^fiSr«B V,nfl I f for 6% and wmfOmommgQ I many Wc^^^P^ra^^ MJrttoK h5*S3tftTe medium o ^i-'.jKn.-TJMfcwater.-iKitUes and other ?^tctct a inissiles. The other night ~ there aiiplite an extra turn up at that refraemfnt (?) stall and towards the small pours a batch of hastily-attired younf females made good a retreat by : the lick way of the pub. They could t only muster up one portmanteau amongst i the bt, but they made that hold a good . dea more than it was ever built for, and } stated for foreign parts. Then there arise a new difficulty. It was too heavy. £-mething had to be done for fear of Recovery, and visions of the vengeance which would overtake them if tho missua got wind of their (illicit pro ceedings sharpened their wits. They made a rope out of stay laces and pocket wipes with which they harnessed up and off they went. Fleesman X, who was on duty watching the back door of the bouse further down the street, says they made a handsome team, and now whither they wre gone history discloseth not. All stealthily away they stole In chinks their baggage chunk: Some apprehensive smiles they smole, And furtive winks they wunk. Boxed their bags within the box, Of stay lace made a stay, Coached to the game of coach and four, Weighed silently away I And spebMng about pubs, there are a good many ot them in the market just now I believe, if report speaks truly, and at fairly cheap rates. Here is a chance for an enterprising young man to try his hand at beer jerking. It's a poor house which won't keep itself, and if the profit is ever so email there is always a chance at the bankruptcy court in the end. A friend of mine the other week took this matter bo seriously into consideration that he determined upon giving the movement a trial. There was one draw back — he was a single man, and they can't get half the credit the married oneB can you know. I recommended him to loBe no time in makinc a change, as if he approached the brewery people with a blushing bride upon his arm, he was bound to look interesting, and quite cer tain to score, He took my remarks so very seriously that a few nighte after wards he was Been— well, I won't put him away, though liis voraion is that he was only taking a survey of the pre mises, subject to the lady's approval, with a view to permanent arrangements being entered into between them. I have always made it a point never to express an opinion about anybody, espe cially in the shop, for I've been nearly had already and am not going to give myself away in a hurry again, I promise you . But all shopkeepers are not so dis creet, to witness, that bookseller at jUuiaoeBten who collided with the new itlway party the other day. When he -as in Pojjtown he made a purchase of ome books, and was of course Bpotted as . new arrival right off the reel. ' Stranger, ir ?' ? Tea.' 'From Melbourne ?' Tea.' A pause. Then : 'Did you ever happen to meet Mr. So-and-So, the fellow who isgoipg South about that line.f 'I have,' was the reply, 'frequently, Another pause, during whioh the selection of -ooku was completed. Then : ' Ah— er —what sort of a fellow is he? I shouldn't take him to be tnnoh, going to try and put the trade into the hands of them lobart-towners, ehP' 'Well, yes, I be lieve you're not far oat, he's not up to much.'. ' I thougbltoot.' Another pause, and the parcejlijjlijgLup. 'Fit send it 'ome for yai^terSSSftJifee. What name, pleas«W^fia*15b, I'm Mr. So and 8%P^P# it along to my hotelfepoi APj'Meti the other looked^lf ^bB»^Uo»tbg figure, ??* ^syiiiP* ab°nt t? be ing a 8h)^wm|gB» dream, sat down to 4(hew^^^^eoUon. ^ '^itifflSwti&t; tiuni? °f the kind fliiillllljpr place at Queenstown, QtMnW^told him it was twins he Jt«p^*Pfething must be done to re iOJwBf loured reputation. His friends ^ve 4Sr?ones) congratulated him off jgplqiiipl others followed. By and bye ie *pi61e of the township rose to the mawon and said that it was thirsty too. jUT considering tne importance ot tbe rent (the appeal could not be denied, flut they charge sixpence down that way, and the price of some three thousand odd jig juices fitted up a tolerably fair figure. He doesn't like to be considered a mean man, but still you know— dash it all 1 Which was the proper thing to do, go in a bald header or appeal to their sympathies and ask Queenstown to shout for him P * * * I went over during the dinner hour yesterday and had a look at the new picture in the Art Gallery. It is a sea riece, so Dan, the boy who washes the bottles, and who is going to be an artiRt some day, told me, and it is painted upon the 'broad' principle. Well, it's all right if a fellow interviews it from Bellerive, and the contrasts between the lights and shadows I should say are very pro nounced j but I never could see the motive for putting on a bob's worth of white paint with a trowel to represent the deep, sad sea, when threepenny worth tinted in with a brush would come a deal handier. Besides, the artist doesn't do himself justice, and if that is broad treatment I'd a good deal sooner have the narrow. Which, by the way, puts me in mind of an 'ancient chestnut, but it's so old that anybody who ever heard it before must be dead now. It was told of a countryman who didn't know any better that after standing garping at an artist at work for a considerable time, said : ' I suppose it must take a person with a great deal of brains to do that there ?' ? Yes,' the artist paid, -you require a fair amount.' ' Ah, I thought so ; it requires such a great deal of brainB to understand it.' ♦ * * A loving couple up New Norfolk way recently returned from their honeymoon trip to that little hop gully to spend the rest of their lives in quietude and peace far from the maddening crowd of the city (I don't mean Hobart), and retired to slumber. But in the still Wall hours when the churchyards gape and yawn the wife, ever wakeful, heard tig sound of burglars on the front veran da. When he began to understand wAt was wrong he explained that it was jus} as well to let them stop where they weft, but in case they should come in and steal the contents of the store he would go olt and shoo them off. She clung to him In terror. ' Oh go not, my love, they Day be armed.1 ' Armed P What care lfor guns and drums and wounds ? I'm gang. Then as the ivy clingeth to the ruin. (I don't say he is a ruin) she clung to him, end finding him deter mined, Wvowed that she would go also. They dreseod — or partially dressed — in his/clothes to look like two men, you kno«) anl sallied to the front. The noise con tinued. They were certainly bold bur glars. It approaohed. The Tootlums retired a pace. ' Who's there ?' asked the male Tooclum. No answer. ' Shoo ! Get out, or I'll shoot you all dead !' AU was silent for a moment, and then the sounds approached again. Then two feet were placed upon the threshold, and a hideous visage peered at them through the gloom. They clung to each other in wild dismay. 'Moo — oo— ool' said the burglar. Then a momentary flicker of the candle, ns it was held aloft the better to take in tho situation, discovered the fearful visitor to be astray cow, * * # Scrub me mother ! A visitor to Ho bart cannot fail to remark upon the snowy white holy - stoned steps fronting the most dilapidated old shanties which ever a landlord destrained for, and wondering if the insides were as lovely, passes on his way still wondering. But he ceases to wonder any longer when he does get inside some of them, I promise you. It is an old time honored superstition with Hobart people, and is carried out to a degree of ex cess unknown in any other part of the world. And I was coming along Maoquarie-street last Sunday morning and there was the slavey down on her marrow bones scrubbing away at a flight of grey stone steps, whilst the slops ran down over the asphalt iuto tho gutter and dirtied the street. Surely no greater traveity on cleanliness could be found ! There it lay, a stream of dirty water staining the footpath for the good people going to church to hold up holy skirts and tip toe over. I have often wondered why they do this, but have never been able to tell why. No, ask me something easy. Why is a sausage ? for instance, Or how long is a piece of string P What is the matter with that wretch who has begun to act the ghost again ? It's a pity that ho is not dragged hold o by some able-bodied person with good hob-nailed boots who knows well how to use them and then be dealt with by the P.M. nest day. I have not the least bit of patience to descant upon the doings of a coward who delights in soaring helpless females into a stale of hysteria with bis contemptible praotices. It may be that this time he will not escape, for, to put it mildly, it is a nuiBance that our women folk may not go out after dark without they do so in fear and trembling. ? ? * One of those pleasant little visions a fellow sees occasionally when he doesn't want to, was a little while ago a customer of mine for nice odds and ends and I quite grew to her as it were, and began to think of how I could manage it on twenty- five bob a week, and only yes terday, Mr. Clipper, my heart fell down and escaped into a jar of Bj? blister I bad just mixed and has now become entirely calcined. It was all over a boy on a bike, who winked at her one afternoon when she was lumbering home from the sweating room. ? He did it in that wink and immediately, like the heartlesa wretch that he was, flew around the corner and vanished. Ah well, An awfully charming young creature, A buttercup fair as the roBe She'd a dimple on every feature, And a pout on tbe end of her nose. She loved a ewell biking man haughty And bold as prorerbial brass, Who winked at tue bits of skirt naugaty As he biked himself soalfully paBt. He winked at my dreamy yonng maiden With a wink like the dawn of tbe day ; 'Til her heart with her love was o'erladon, BM he winked and meandered away. Tob, he's gone and departed for ever, Like a wink he has vanished for aye ; And now she will try to endeavor To forget how he winked him away. Alas 1 for the winks that are winking, For the loves that are busted and dead ; To gage in a paeBionato blinking Is to meddle with wine when 'tis red. So let ns feel awl'ally jolly, For life's bat the span of a day ; Away with all dull melancholy We'll all wink and wander away I 