SOFTY. TVe- christened him Softy when he joined our regiment, the far-famed Bri tish Borderers, he was so fresh and soft And. simple, he swallowed everything we told him, he took all for gospel, did such • silly tilings. One night at an inspection dinner we persuaded him to go up to the general ■ and ask him whether he thought that -Julius Ceasar had first invented the or der of attack. The general, who was a jolly old cock, saw us all grinning, and said he’d let us know next day, when he . .so harried and hunted us about the drill field that we wished we had left the order for attack alone. ' He was the best tempered chap in the world. You could see it in his face; .fair and chubby and child-like—when we first knew him; his blue eyes were . so'round and wide open, as if with surprise and astonishment — and he was a good deal surprised' sometimes. Kothing hardly put him out. He would laugh with the rest of us, and shout “Ohi|f say*’’ when he saw — not very —we had/ done him again. Once-piily hi got reany lifleriri agCYSi'Ho that was when we "drew him.’’ He never minded it as a rule, but that night someone foil foul of a photograph — a lady, young, pretty, a regal ripper —and ; cried : "Here, hoys, look! she’s Softy’s mash! ” Softy made one rush. His eyes were blazing, and his face was first crimson, then dead white. "Drop that, Morti mer. Drop It,'or — T’t’s my mother. She is dead.” Mortimer was a great hulking rough fellow. But he knew how to behave. "Beg your pardon, old chap; of course, I’d no idea,” he said, handing him the jjhotograph, and we all went quietly As you may suppose, we got very fond of Softy. He wasn’t a hit of a soft in other wavs? he could do lots of things well. He was a nice lightweight and could ride above a hit; he was a smart field at cricket, and was tough to hand/’ with single sticks-or the'gloves. "We were' soldiering those days in Hali fax, Nova Scotia. It is some time ago, so I daresay many of the old landmarks are gone. The only place of amusement was a theatre known as “Ludovicl’s Ly ceum,” a glorified barn, nothing more, and the company the merest strollers. But Ludovici was a character in his way, an unrecognised genius according to him self, but with the making of a great act or. This making was, however, long delayed, and so was the fortune it was to bring. The Lyceum did not get much patron age beyond that of the regiment, and Ludovici never had a really good season. At last he all but came to conspicuous Srief; he owed for the barn, the “ghost never walked,” and ruin stared him in the face. It was Softy who found this out. He had always a hankering after, the stage, and seldom missed a night at the Ly ceum. Ludovici and he scraped ac quaintance. Softy's idea was that we should give the manager a benefit to help him through his troubles; an amateur per formance. assisted by . the professions. "We rather pooh-poohed the idea, but Softy was pertinacious. This was the first evidence of that dogged persistence about him which helped him so greatly in after life, and in the end we chose the “Hoir-at-Law,” with Ludovici as Dr Pangloss,. and Softy as Lady Duberly, “by particular request” of his brother subs, who thought to take a rise cut Of hirh whefrtti'ggbd put, tn petticoats. , and patches and pearl powder. At mess fellows said that Softy was "‘stage struck,” and money was offered , and taken that he would cut the service and go into partnership with old "Loo.” Por a long time we saw very little of him. This was both before and after the theatricals. It was natural enough at first, on account of rehearsals, and all that, blit afterward — why was he so much .taken up with Ludovici? What did he see in the chap? We never quite got the rights of it, •until one day Softy came to me — I was one of his best pals — and said he was going to exchange. "I want to get to India. A fellow has more chance there; seeing service, you know, and all that, and I’m sick of this peace business. I shall- try the shiny. Tull is' offering L300 to get into ‘ours.’ I’d like the money.” I smelt a rat and pressed him. Why was he so keen about collaring the stuff ? He was not such a wastrel; didn’t bet, or swagger, or drink, or waste his sub stance. I-Iow or why was he so hard up? After a bit I squeezed it out of him. He had promised to lend Ludovici a couple of hundred pounds. He had squared it with Cox. the army agents, but only on the condition that he ex changed and repaid the overdraft with the bonus paid. I was fairly mad with him, and gave it him hot. Y,rhat! Were we to lose the best boy that had joined us for years, all for this scheming, swindling old scoundrel. T found out where the Ludovicis hung out, and went straight to the house. They were rather poor lodgings in a frame house. An old slatternly negro woman opened the door and showed me straight up stairs. Ho Mr Ludovici — only half a dozen children, clean and tidy, round a tea table spread with rather a meagre meal. The eldest, a girl about 14, at “the un grateful age,” tall and gawky, with a Tale, sallow face, framed by a great mass of raven. black hair, and lightened by magnificent dark Italian eyes, rose and came to me with a questioning look. “I wanted to see Mr Ludovici,” I said, . a little abashed. “I am one of the Borderers, a brother officer of Mr Sey mour’s.” At the sound of Seymour’s name a pretty color rose to her cheek, and some thing indescribable, a soft,' sweet look came into her fine dark eyes. ‘‘Mr Seymour’s friends are our friends,” she said with a matron’s self possession,- putting out her little brown hand. “He has been very good to us.” ‘‘I love Mithter Theemoore,” cried a small voice, with her mouth full of bread and butter, and the remark was echoed round the table, ending with, “And Pollie lovth Mithter Theemoore,” from, the first speaker. Pollie, who was the lanky eldest child of the party, laughed a little consciously; then sternly chided them, and bade them be quiet. In the midst of it all Mr -Ludovici and Softy came in together. “Rex,” cried the latter, looking at me with more anger in his face than I thought he could show, “what on earth brings you here?” “I came to speak to Mr Ludovici on a private matter,” I stammered out, rather disconcerted. Softy came nearer and whispered fiercely : “I don't know what it means, but if you are interfering in my affairs, Capt. King, I beg you will drop it. There!” But the old actor had taken me by the atm and was motioning Softy away. “This is my private sanctum,” he said, leading me into a squalid, untidy room where he slept. There was a bed in one corner, and this bed, -with every other part of the room, was littered about with rubbish belonging to his business; old playbills, properties, rouge-pots,battered wigs, tin swords, a helmet, high boots. “I can guess, sir. that you have heard our young friend’s generosity, and that you disapprove. Believe me—or not, as you please—but I have been very loth to accept it. I refused several times. But' bear with me while I tell you my He had a rich, deep, persuasive voice, and I quickly understood the effect it would have on Softy. “I am a gentleman, sir, born and bred; one of the Merediths, of Durham. How I came to be this—a poor mummer”—he pointed significantly at the properties strewn around—“is immaterial. But I have had a struggle. I married a wo man of genius, but it was eclipsed pre maturely. Those are her children. They would be motherless but for my brave little Pollie, who—who—but words fail me to tell you what she has been to them and to me. “Now, when I have been in the very lowest water, at the last gasp, my luck has turned. I have an offer, a distinct and special offer, from”—he.mentioned the name of a famous London manager of those days—“an offer of an engage ment at the St. James's Theatre for next “It is my chance, at last—the chance _T have hungered for all these years ,, Name as; • H6* cation, comfort, everytiiTTp^S^JH I thought he overdid it a littlb, with all his tricks of dramatic elocution, rol\ ing his “r’s" and making great eyes. He had taken in Softy; he should not do the same with me. But what if his story were really true? It might be, on the face of it; and, any way, if Softy chose to make a fool of himself it was in his nature, and to keep him out of mischief would take me all my time. We came away together. Seymour and I, but he was evidently very sore at my interference, and would hardly speak to me all the way to the barracks. ' "Come young chap,” I said at last. “Don't bear malice. I was acting for your good. But if you’re determined to make a fool of yourself I’ve nothing more to say.” He thawed a little then, but held to his “I’d do it whatever you might say, Bex-; you, or the colonel, or the comman der-in-chief, himself. It’s not only for Ludovici, you see, but there are all the children, and little Pollie.” “Ah, yes, Pollie!” I interjected with a slight grin. “I tell you she is the most extraor dinary little brick you ever knew. She’s just splendid. Why, she’s everything to that family, a perfect Providence; slaves for them hand and foot; teaches ’em, dresses ’em, ay, and prays for ’em—she’s half an angel herself is that brave hearted, unselfish little mother of barely fourteen"’ So young Seymour exchanged for In dia, and we gave him a "send-off” that made every echo of the old Citadel bar racks ring. The colonel was present, and spoke such brave, kindly words of farewell that most of us had lumps in our throats, and Softy ran fairly blub bering out of the room. Then we escorted him down to the mail steamer, a whole mob of us, but he es caped at the wharf. He had other good byes to say, and we saw him the centre of a little group; the whole of the little Ludovicis were clustered round his legs, while the father, who always reminded me of Crummies, with a dash of Micaw ber, raised his arm. imploring God’s blessing on his young friend. Where was Pollie? Only at the last a little figure flew after Softy, caught at his hands and kissed them again and again. n; " . A dozen years and more rolled by: leave; 'and the.' first man I ran. up pghinst .in* tB‘6”ei'u'5-f>vas Softy. - He had. landed only that morn ing. Bronzed and bearded, he.was other wise unchanged. It was still Softy; with his bright,, kindly face and wide-open They had been busy, eventful years for him, bringing him opportunity, the opening for distinction, the rewards and reputation he had so richly earned. He had won the Cross in Afghanistan for the rescue of a wounded comrade under hot fire, an act of unquestioning, seif sacrificing gallantry ; he had got two brevets in South Africa, and made his name famous by his tenacious defence of an outpost with a handful of men against a whole impi of Zulus. Here he was, still youthful in appear ance, still a boy at heart, but a V.C., a C.B. and an A.D.C. to the queen. Greater honors, the highest preferments, were quite within his grasp. He might live to be a field marshal and a military peer. Softy and I piunged at once into pieas-. ant reminiscences, talked incessantly of old days, and only when all was exhaus ted touched upon the future. We spent the day together, lunched together, did the park, were to dine to gether and see a play. Like himself, I had but just returned from abroad, and was ready to take my fill of tlie delights of the town. Walking- down Regent street in the evening just before dress ing for dinner, Softy suddenly cried, “HuIIoa,” and left me at a run. A glimpse of a swaying skirt in front of me and a pair of glancing feet told me it was the old, old story, and I laughed to myself at Softy's defection, clearly perceiving the cause, as I be “Poilie!” he said. “Miss Ludovici! Surely I’m not wrong? But, oh, how you’re changed.” “For the better, I hope. Mr Seymour?” said his old friend archly as she paused and made him a coquettish little' bob there and then upon the pavement of the crowded street. Her cheek glowed with rising color as she met the undis guised approval of his admiring eyes. The lanky child had grown into the perfect woman, with a face to dream of, lighted as of old with those magnificent They melted into bewitching softness and filled with sudden emotion when he said 'joyfully.;, ; “So you have not forgotten'me?” “Was it likely, Mr --? I beg your pardon, is that right? You are a sol dier now. I am not clever at titles; but I have not forgotten you. But let us walk on.’ A little throng had gathered around them, strangely, as Seymour • thought, although Pollie understood. And there was a murmur of voices, and a quick ear might have heard the name “Mere dith”—'“Mary Meredith”—tossed about from lip to lip, in homage that was too genuine to be rude. Pollie Ludovici was more changed than in outward appearance. She had blossomed- and ripened into the most popular actress of tlie day, with a full measure of the highest gifts, the power to touch the finest feelings, to draw all hearts, to charm away melancholy and provoke unbounded mirth. “And what are you doing, Miss-?” he began, as they walked down the street together. “Pollie, please,” corrected his com panion, laughing silently at his strange ignorance. Had he come from the back of God speed? “Pollie; yes. Pollie, as of old. You are still the same. I can swear to that. The same brave, little Pollie—staunch, self-sacrificing, uncomplaning.” “Times have rather changed with us, Colonel.” “Softy, please.” ’ “Since Halifax,” she went on .smiling, but declining the suggestion. “For the better, thank God.” “Your father succeeded?” “Oh, yes! He did well, thanks ever lastingly, Softy, to you. He went into management, and—and”— She did not want to tell him yet that she herself was ' a' breadwinner now, drawing- a princely i salary, indeed making her own terms. “I may come and. see you?” “Why, of course.” “When may I come? Where do you live?” “Gome next Sunday. Hanover Ter race, Regent’s Park. Come at lunch time; we are all at. home then — father and all. Ethel—she’s next to me,you know—keeps house. Archie’s a*- a crammer's at Wool rich. He wants to be a soldier like—like —you. The youngest are all at school. They are dear, good children, and do me “Pollie, dear.Pollie, how good you were to them!” “And now, Colonel—Softy? Yes, it| shall be Colonel Softy. I have an en gage—an appointment.. Will you forgive me? I must take a cab.” i He turned to hail one, but she already had jumped into a passing hansom. “For a man who has only just ar rived from the shiny you’ve not been long in making some nice new friends.” He corrected me rather stiffly. • i That was a very old friend—Miss I of-the Halifax! . Would forget them. * you are not going to take up with that lot agsin.” I foresaw, knowing, nothing of the facts, all sorts of complications, the in jury. perhaps, and check to his career. -’Did the old villain ever repay you that 2000 pounds?” I asked. “Most certainly. The very next year. But enough of that, if you please. I think X know my own business,” be said, briefly, and to put an end to the subject, asked: “What have you ordered ? One’s first dinner at the club is rather an event.” Two days after Seymour presented himself in I-Ianover Terrace, and was re ceived like a long-lost son and brother. . With soldier-like promptitude. Softy declared himself directly he and Pollie were alone together. “X loved you, Pollie, X believe, when you were a child,” he said, simply. “Who could help it, seeing you as you were then, and what you did. It all comes back to me now.” “You were very good to. us. Col. Sey mour,” she faltered. “It was for love of you. I have thought of you always, all these years, as the best and sweetest of little women. I know, now that we meet again, that I cannot live without you. No one else shall lie v They sat there side by side, hand in hand. She suffered him to' take her into his arms, to kiss her on the lips, to whisper his endearments; and-he thought that she was won. But then, ciuite suddenly and abruptly, she broke away from him, and stood, at her full height, defiant,and with hands outstretched, keeping him at bay. "No, no, I cannot accept you. X must not. will not!” she stammered in a hard, expressionless voice. “ You do not understand. Softy, and I cannot explain—not now. If I marired you—yes—‘if,’ indeed, there is an ‘if’—it must make a great change: it would be a great wrench. —I—should have to break with-” I-Xe looked at her in utter bewilderment, to loyai and trustful to misunderstand her. as a more worldly-minded man might have done. "See, darling.” Once more her mood changed, and she came to him.placed one soft hand impressively on his arm, while the other sought his and held it. tight. “Softy, <1\. love you dearly, and I would! be proud; to .be. your wife. There is .no/ on thejspot. But something still, stands' between us. I am foolish pei-haps to let, it weigh with me. But it does, and X cannot1 bring myself to remove it, even at the cost of my happiness.” . Loverlike. he sought to silence her ob jections. but she held him back. “No, no:'I must have time to decide. You shall have an answer, I promise you, within a week, but not now. I mean that: I do, indeed. All this lias been far too sudden. Why, only think, three days have not' gone by since our first meet Two days later he came to me in the morning room of the club, with an open letter in his hand. “ I don’t know what this means. Someone has sent me a box for the theatre—the Royal Sovereign. Why is it?” • “Tribute to the victorious soldier-” “Rot! Will you come?” We hunted up the papers to see what they were doing at the Royal Sovereign. It was Romeo and Juliet, and ambng the short press extracts in the advertise ment we read that “Mary Meredith was incomparable: liers was the finest im personation of Juliet in this or in any age.” Neither of us—I can swear for myself, and, I believe, for Softy—connected Mary Meredith with Polly Ludovici. Nor did it, when we were seated in the stage box, the very best in the house, recog nise her in the least. It was a magnificent performance. I was greatly struck, greatly impressed, by it, and I said as much coldly and critically to Softy after the act drop fell. He did not turn at first, and when pre sently he did so. I saw plainly that he was still under the influence of strong, overmastering emotion; his eyes were moist, his hands shook, his voice trembled, and he looked at me as one dazed when I repeated my remark. “Wonderfully good, eh?” “Don!t you know her, man? : It's Pollie.” For the rest of the night I got no sense out of Softy. When the curtain whs up he followed Juliet with rapt at tion, absolutely absorbed; between the acts he drew back into the corner of the box, shut up in silent self - com muning. ' “Hard’hit, eh, Master Softy,” I said, with a poor attempt at fun. to which he disdained a reply. “Well, she is a splen did creature. I’d often heard of Mary Meredith; now I can understand.” “Yes, yes; I, too, can understand.” Tie spoke in riddles, but I know now that be had realised at last what she had meant by her hesitation to accept him. Would he ask her to give up her art for him? How could he permit her, for his sake, to let her genius suffer such eclipse? One forenoon, towards the end of the week, a brougham drove up to Hanover Terrace, and from it alighted a very dis tinguished. personage, who asked for Miss Meredith, and was at once ad mitted. She received him in her private sitting room, self-possessed and queenly, ■ arrayed in spotless white, with one crimson blossom at her waistband, an other in her raven hair. “It is very good of you, Miss Mere dith, to grant me this interview,” began tlie great soldier. "I should not have presumed to intrude, and in the in terests of another. Can you guess the objects of my mission?” “No”—she spoke very gravely—“it is not fitting that I should do so. Nor can I admire the good taste of-” “Stay one moment, please. Let me remove any misapprehensions. I come on behalf of Col. Seymour-” 1 “Ah!” she exclaimed. “But without his knowledge.” She motioned him to a chair, and com posed herself to listen to him. 1 “Miss Meredith, I am an old man. I 1 claim the privileges of age, and I am fortified by the excellence of my inten tions against any misconstructions of '• what I am about to say. x nave come to ask you it you know what Col. Sey mourlias in contemplation?” . ' “ Your lordship is frankness itself. May I venture to be equally frank? In what way do our affairs—Col. Seymour’s and mine—concern you?” “Miss Meredith, I will be plain and ex plicit with you. Col. Seymour came to my levee a day or two back, and an nounced his intention of leaving the army at once. Now, you know, Miss Meredith, that Col. Seymour is a most promising officer; he is already far ad vanced in a most distinguished career; with health and fortune, he may rise higher and higher. In any case, his ser vices would be greatly missed by the queen and country.” “Did he tell your lordship why he pro posed to leave the army?” asked Mary Meredith, looking up suddenly, speaking almost fiercely, .but with the tears very near her eyes. “It is none of my doing; I made no such compact with him. I gave him no right to suppose that I 'wished it, or that it stood in the way of-” Her eyes filled, and she could say no "I naturally asked him. I pressed him 5,-nlam- this hasty and, f as I. felt iT-J&l;'y wHity xTe aeons wish to lot her recover her self. “After much hesitation he con fessed that he wished to marry, that his continuing in the ' service was a stumbling- block—” “I never said that!” cried Mary hotly. “Not that quite, perhaps; but he im plied that he would be freer—that by surrendering his own career he might save the lady from a still greater sac rifice; and then—at last—I ascertained that it was you. I saw it all then.” There was a long pause, broken at last by Mary Meredith, who rose from her seat and impetuously took the stage, walking to and fro, wringing her hands in evident emotion, for, artist-like, she was easily swayed, and thif trait in her own dear Softy touched her to the quick. "Do you know our story, sir?” She halted abruptly, in front of her visitor and as the old man looked up at her loveliness and at the noble nature that showed through her streaming eyes he felt that to win such a woman a man might be well content to lose the whole And then she told him everything, from the .lirst days in Halifax till the present time,, far more .eloquently than 1\. old Rex King, Softy's friend, have set it.down. “And now, sir, he proposes to make the debt intolerable. We owe him every thing already; how could I repay him if I accepted this last and greatest sacri fice? A week ago I did not know my self. T was still so selfish and ungrate ful as to let the hollow rewards of my profession weigh down the balance against his love. I have thought much, lived much these last few days, and have settled clearly enough what answer I shall give him. I shall tell him, if he asks me, that I am ready to give up all, everything, for him, and to walk bare foot by his side, if he so wishes it, to the other end of the world.” And now she broke down, sinking back upon the sofa in a wild passion of tears. Then that distinguished personage, realising that he bad been permitted to see Mary Meredith in the finest scene i she had ever acted in her life, and not in play, but . in real, sober earnest, just touched her fingers with his . lips, and stole quietly away. . ! The news that the most popular ac tress of the day. was about to ma; ry and leave the stage fell,as a great bl^.w upon ;the towm^jehe’-rij •never: c£a-df lytJcnq .vague and mystei peared in the various versions romantic love . story. We—Softy’s old friends—understood it all. So did much more august people, for Lord —j—— did not quite keep bis own counsel. I When- Lady' Seymour was presented on her marriage, the greatest lady in the land kissed her and whispered a few kindly words' that implied much. And among the thousand and one pre sents bestowed on the happy pair, there was not one, I believe, more highly treasured than the great loving cup which bears the inscription: “To Pollie and Softy, from the Boarders’ Mess.”— Maj. Arthur Griffiths in the “New Il lustrated Magazine.” ^hts of the stc^^we ap' public’ printw givin; of Mary Meredith’: 