NO ONE SUSPECTED HI3£. CHAPTER I. TWO STRINGS TO HER BOW. ; . ' So she have,' said old Polfcook ; ' so she have, and 'tis better luck than the likes of she deserves. A good string's better than a bad bow anyways.' Poltook was the local Solomon of Pol giaza. By virtue of his age and extreme . wisdom he oooupied a pedestal aloof, from woicq ne scrapiea not to utter tne trutn ac cording to hia lights, even though the Baying of it might be most un«all«nt, as in the present instance. MUly Pritchard was the beauty of Polglaze. Perhaps no v other Cornish fishing village held her peer in looks. She might, indeed, have had 20 strings to * her bow. instead of two, but a couple occu pied all her time and attention. They were assertive beings both, and held their heads high, and wanted delicate handling. E.cb, . moreover, felt sure of success ; one trust ing to a purse that would some day be fat, as Polglaze purses go, and tha other feeling strong in the certain conviction that he was I the better loved, and the better figure of ? a man. Baaiity and the Beast the two men were . oiled. Beauty, in the shape of a brawny, sun-tanned Dick Btohards, was a fisherman, and had his business with the majority of companions, on the deep; while one John Macklehose, an innkeeper, stood for the Beast. Beast-like he was to the eye — a bairy-faoed man, with a round back and ape-like arras, strangely long. But none * bad anything against him, save his temper. That was tremendous, and wont to come in flashes, like bolts from the blue. His tavern, ' The -Trawler's East,' eiijoyed a good name enough. He kept it for his mother, and when she died the place was to pass into his hands. That he would be a rich man — perhaps the richest in Polglaze. / Macklehose and Richards were ' keeping company' with Milly when this weird passage in the lives of them began to un fold. She had told both men plainly that ,.her own feelings were undecided, and with cthe frankness of her class in matters of the heart, she led each to understand that he might hope. So they continued to pro claim confidence and devote themselves to Milly Pritchard. She managed the two strings with no little cleverness ; she temporised, and pro crastinated, and played the fool, and worked the men up to exasperation, but she would not finally decide between them. Mean while, both the publican and the fisher hang on her word. Polglaze watched the rivalry with muoh interest, and the subject of Milly Prit chard's sweethearts was always deemed an interesting one. People said she must be . waiting for Widow Macklehose to go, for she did not hit It off with the old woman by any means. Widow Macklehose, in fact, like the patriarchal Potlook, and one jor two others had seen through Milly long ago. 'Blue eyes and golden hair, sure .enough,' said Widow Macklehouse; 'so have them dolls in Mother Tempny's shop; but the dolls is stuffed with sawdust, and she ain't got no more 'eart than they, and ain't no more to be respected neither. I .- doubt but she's a forward wench when all's * said.' The Baast, however, would hear no word against hia heart's desire. He loved his little shrivelled-np parent well, and had been a model son, but he lovod Milly better than anything ou earth or in Heaven. The two men were about 30 years of age, and had been friends until the girl come between them. Now, though they were civil when they met, a volcano began to Smoulder in the breast of each. BelationB of such- a kind could not last for ever. In fact, every day tightened the tension, and all interested iu tbe trio saw clearly enough that their problem must speedily eolve itself for good or evil. Milly Pritchard lived with her uncle and kept house for him. He was an aged man, blinking out the autumn of his life by the fire through the winter, in the sun during the summer time. He had a email pension from the Government, bub it died with him, and Milly had nothing to expect for her services aava a Bliok or two of old furniture. She hersolf possessor! little ninr-* than 0 few gowns and a f«w trinkets. She was an orphan. Her mother had handod down a pretty faoo nmi son- bright hair to her; a drowned father bad handed down nothing, unless, mayb^, a vain riispnsilion i\nd am unstable nature. With her uncle Milly, of course, 4^ eg el^o yi«a?eij» i£o gave lies a home and food, and for that she paid him in kind, cooked his meals, mended his clothes and washed them, attending to his little comforts. That done, she argued, she owed him nothing, and though some charitable people, led astray by a fao as mild and sweet as an angel's, thought Milly was only postponing marriage from her duty to her old relation, this was not the case. A variety of matters combined to make the girl hesitate before taking the momentous step, but her ancle formed no part of the calculation. At this stage then we find matters on a day in march. Then a strange thing hap pened, and Milly found the necessity for a most abrupt decision suddenly thrust upon her by a dying woman. The Beast rushed into old Pritchard's cottage by the sea, shouted for his niece, and upon her ap pearance informed her that his mother was at the point of death, and had prayed to see Millie before shs was taken. CHAPTEE II. - ' YEA. ' OR ' N*Y.' Milly put on her hnt and hurried off with John Mackiehoae to ' The Trawler's Rest.' ' Mother's took awful bad in the breatb in',' he explained; 'and she reckons it's for death. So do the doctor. Sho's judged you 'ardly, Milly, but 'tisn't a time to mind that. I knowed you'J come.' The girl felt vnry nervous when she was presently brought into MMowMacklehoae's bedroom. A little withered woman, propped on white pillows in a big, old-fashioned bed, beckoned to Molly, took her white hand between wrinkled brown ones, and then fixed her bright dark eyes on the girl, and gnzed awhiie without speaking. ' I'm eoine,' she said suddenly ; ' I'm going, Milly Pritohard, and I wants a ' yea' or « nay ' from thee afore I goes. 'Tis time thee knew thy mind. For the love of the Lord, then, let a old, spent woman pass away In peace, as thee can now by spaakin' what's in thy heart. I only wants 'yea ' or * nay.' Thee b'aint bounden to say one or t'other. I knows which I'd liefer hear, but I be bent on hearin1 one.' She ceased, anrl Milly mechanically noted other nutters around her. Candles flired on l.ht» mantelpiece, and between tham an old clock ticked noisily. A fire roared in tho chimney, und a kettle, with a lon^, thin spout, Mchod steam ''nU tho room. Widow MscklehoHB, who brtuUicd hard, und uttered her speech with difficulty, now UniK'.ii froio tho girl to her «?.(», who stood uAt tUo uUj-j: fcido oi lUo bod. JAo was wait* ing in a tremble for the word that must make bis future life ottnar it. Even in the shadow of death the utter ance from Milly dwarfed all other considera tions. And the girl found herself in a position which is always distasteful to women of her calibre ; forced to make up her mind upon a question none could decide for her. ' Weigh the words afore thee speaks 'em, child,' said the old woman. ' Take time, though the Lord He knows thee've done that already. 'Tis a wrong thing to to keep two lads on thorns as thou hast. Better women than thee's got left maids for ever along of such foolishness afore now. Fix thy mind, and speak for my John, if so it ImuBfc be ; for the fisherman, if so it must be.' Milly wanted to say she could not decide yet, but under those terrible bright eyes no word of evasion would come to her lips. She looked at the Beast, but his dark head was bent over his mother, and he was moistening her lips. Then suddenly he turned to her and spoke. 'Mother's right, Milly, and you know it. Speak, and mind this : 'tis a sacred word you'll say, and a word that must he. truo. 'Tis a solemn time, Miily, an' God'Il tell you what to say, I guess.' Still the . girl was silent, and the old woman moaned in her impatience. 11 Lord, Lord, maidens b'aint what they was. Sa nnny of 'em in tbe world — so nianv, too many; and jet here's one as has blue eyes aud gold hair, and for that sets herself up to ruin the lives of two good lads. Speak, I tell 'ee, Milly Pritcbard. If thee loves John, for that love thee has (o him do what his dying mother bids, and if thee don't lova him, say it and have done. Afore God, girl, speak truth. Micd Michael Hardman as told a lie to m*3 dying brother. Tha Lord overtook him afore the grass was green on his brother's grave. Him or her as lies to the dying, them the Lord curses now and ever. So speak truth for thy immortal soul's sake.' ' It is so hard, Milly — so very hsrd ?' pleaded John. Then a sudden freak of thought helped tho girl towards decision. She saw the comfort of the old room. There were wooden panels around the walls, and solW furniture, and the bed on which Mother M;icklehose lay dying had a pplnndid p.;mopy an:! mighty pO3ta of carved black oak. Milly pictured h(-r3fllf in tho bad as tbrt owner iherenr'. She was not. wholly heartless oithor. SHe udmirecl th^ B.i'iwt; in ' l ''''?'? ' _, in. j i i ,^( dog-like husband, who would let her have |-,.^ her owa way— a thing she regarded as \\{s^' essential, Dick E'chards grew fiint just 1^* then — faint and fainter. Presently he \&'_\ vanished from her mind as she spoke. ''%'X 'I loves John with all my heart and !^4 sonl, Mother Macklehose, and only him I'll fW; marry, and no other,' -. f^ ' So help you God,' said the man, in a t£ shaking voice. K(/ 'So help me Crod/'she repeated after p7 him. :?? ,f' 'What's said said, then. The Lord of Vs Life make thee worthy of the best son ever -f, , mother bad. A good son do deserve bless- '^y ing in his home. Look to it, MHIy, look to f$~ it and mind what he've been to me these &' many years. And forgive a mighty old gp woman if she's said less than the truth of ff}' thee. Bliss me, maiden, and may the Lord i|fc make thee worthy of my son.' |;J Milly soon departed, and John saw her |;r to the door. When they had left the room , . jfe£ Widow Macklehouse whined in her physi- ^ cal suffering, and cried feeble tear3, which ^ 8b. e was too weak to rub away. But her |^p, tears were not for herself. , $ 'Empty, empty, empty as the dolls afc ' |? ' Mother Tempny's,' she kept saying over t';J° and over again. ' The dying see so clear, 1 1£' and the emptiness of her heart looks -~ [ few through her eyes.'- . j ||v Presently her son came back to her. I ^ «'Ib9 that tore in 'alf, mother— that :P| tore in falf 'twixt you and Milly. God be |?' good and spare you, mother, to : see us j j§|' mated yet.' . ] j&''r ' Don't be praying that. Bather pray ; §-£ that when I be gone the LordMi reward ! js*y ih.ee, John Macklehose, and give thee a 1 1''« £good wife for thy love of thy mother,' she ' fef 8iid. * ?'? ' ? II' Then the man wiped his mother's tears ' g| away and kissed her and sat silent beside ? |p her, praying to the Lard to lessen her pain. ||lt CHAPTER IH. : ?''..., II RECKONING WITH DIOK. .':.''? ';-: |f| The vision of Dick Bichards, albeit it , |C vanished beside the sick bed of Mrs. Mackle- 1 1^' hose, pretty quickly revived when Milly |£* went home ; for it happened that Dick was ! ^ waiting for her, He and her uncle were - ||v sitting on either side of the big wood fire, , Iff and as though some bad angel were bent ' kt on making things unpleasant for Milly that ' H evening, she found her second string had %' come upon important business. , |*S, As a matter of fact the fisherman had ' 'fff, heard that his rival's mother was at death's f , door, and he much feared the circumstances i^ might hasten a decision unfavorable to him.. ' |tt ' ' I bin talkin' to Mr. Pritchard, Milly, W 'bout our courtin'. Seems like you've had fly a brace o' lovers long enough. 'Taint §-£ possible to go on so, and Mr. Pritohard is ^ of the same mind ; which he's your uncle jNh and did ought to be 'eard.' ;j Mr. Pritchard felt extremely nervous at ^ being suddenly thrust into a position of '; such importance. ' 'Taint for me to speak, nor any other ; V only it's time you made up your mind , Milly , J ' I will say that,' he ventured. j 'And I've news,' continued Dick. !' ' Tbe mackerel's off the Scillies early, and I was amongst 'em the first yesterday. » c Our lugger's brought home nearly three j thousand, an' that's a tidy little bit of money a'ead as would 'elp. Now there's i' f irty-five poun' ia tha Post-office Savings Bank, and them earrings I gived you, j *, which is worth twenty-five shillings. i There's them, too, as wouldn't forget a gift [ if the day was fixed. Why doan't 'ee say is the word, Milly, and have done with it ?' | She looked at him ; and the picture of | the Beast, with his hairy, over-large bead | ' bent down by his mother waned somewhat. ' Richards was a proper man at any rate ; ' . not a mis-shapen thing with long arme r-J like a monkey's. Bat his cottage had - i such disadvantages ; acd there was no I mighty four-poster bed there or black oak ?' ' panels, and no parlor worth mentioning, jU and no garden — only a square yard with i , one rosa tree in it, and a pigsiye and a ]?' little tar- smelling place where where Dick , kept hooks and lines and nets. These sur- f roundings seemed so low contrasted with i ' The Trawler's Best.' { ^ Dick even hung great split pollocks out- ; side his windows to dry, and she knew he would continue to hang them there after ; marriago if ha chosa. He was masterful, * and she folt he would hava hia own wr»y. Yet that had beon in his favor than not. fl Women and dogs respect tbe strong band, | und like a loaven of fecr to their lovo. She felt, after nil, that tho husband himself, mast bo tho leading' figure iu her wr.ddad lifo. O.ik panels on the wa!)e, or even a full purse, vrera not so important m Ihe niav). Th*»t dpcWon was w*!l enonph'ssvi wiso, only cbs Lad csao uyoa ii too ialcvd She tad been wrong ; Dick was no vision at all, he was real flssh and blood well put together, and now she felt she loved him— loved the outside of him at any rate. Milly did not intend speaking before her uncle. She must tell Dick of the mistake Bhe had made and her promise to a dying gonl. She must hear if he thought aha might change her mind at this juncture, and if he thought so, he must stand up for her and fight her battle. ' I've much to say, and I'll give you a final answer on Sunday, Dick. We'll go out a walking up to the moors and the ?Lover's Stone.' Then I'll tell you the truth.' 'So be it,' saia Dick, uneasily. He feared that she was waiting to know how it went with Mother Macklehose. ' So be it, then, I'll meet you on Sunday up to the tin mine workings at the ' Lover's Stone.'' It was agreed, and presently Diok took his leave, and Milly went to bed. Then Chance thrust in his finger and tangled the skein of those three interested lives. Mother Macklehose was somewhat better after her interview with Milly, and her son presently left her awhile with a cottage woman who bad come to sit up through the night. He could not sleep, and knowing that Milly's uncle nsed to sit late over his rum and water, he strolled round presently to the little cottage on the Qaay to find out whether Milly had told Mr. Pritchard -the great news. He came full of one thought, which for the time shut even his mother out of the front place in his mind ; he came full of a vast happiness, chastened only by his parent's grievous condition. And pre sently he went home again ; but the joy had gone out of him then. Old Pritohard was pleasant enough, for he lifted Macklehose well, but he rather feared the interview, for Milly was the Beast's sole topic of conversation at moat times, and that night he cared not to speak of her. But the. elder man felt relieved at once, for Maeklehose's first word seemed to suggest that he knew the truth. ' So Milly's made choice at las!',' he said, sitting down and loading his pipe. 'Why, to be sure, I think she have, John. Dick was in here to-night a-askin' of her to choose final, and I ups and sez as I thought 'twere rip-» time she done so. 'Tis 'ard on both of you, and I'm main sorry as you've. lost~main sorry.' 'Lost!' ' Well, one of you 'ad to. Dick's a-goin' to 'ear the last word on it Sunday nest up -.. to the 'Lovers' Stone.' There We to meet Milly, and 'twill be 'Yes,' John. I seen it In her eyes to-night.' ' To-night, Mr. Pritohard ?' ' For certain. She loves Diok, my son, and him as she loves she'll wed. Her own ?way's the only road for her. Once her mind's fixed, then she'll never change no more for nought.' The Beast sat in shadow, and the speaker could not see his face. Had he done so, old fPritchard, sleepy and stupid though he might be as a rule, must have noted something wrong. The man's brow was wrinkled, his eyes glowing, hia face pale and wet with perspiration. Presently he got up, declined the rum and water offered, and went home. He turned at the door and spoke a laBt word. ' Don't say as I've been along with you So-night, gaffer. 'Twonld worry Milly maybe. On Sunday, then, we Bhall hear the news.' He went out a madman, but the night air cooled him ; the moon on Polglaze Har bour spoke of peace and truth to him, the voice of the wind rebuked him for his un belief. What could be clearer ? Milly was going to gently break her decision to Dick, away on the moor, where no man would have the chance to see Dick's grief. He told himself so again and again j but the devil of doubt was roused, and not to be laid by words, nor yet moonlight. It eat at his bed-foot that night and tormented him. It laughed at his ape-like arms and big head ; it gibbered and jeered and kept him awake. Then, in the early dawn, he was called to hfs mother's deathbed, and saw the old woman fight her laat battle and presently pass in peace away. CHAPTER IV. \- BESIDE THE OLD SHAFT. Mackiehose fought with the demon loDg after his mother's death, and the demon conquered. That meant that John could not truBt the girl who had promised him to be his wife. He knew the ' Lovers' Stone.' It waa a rough, natural granite seat, lying all moOB-g?OV7n and gorao«hidden hard by the disused engine-house of an old tin vould meet Dick and tell him — what? Chat he did not know, but meant to know. )ld Pritcbard had seen love in the girl's lyes. True the man was ancient and dim -f sight, but he had spoken with much lertainty. The next day was Sunday, and Mackle lose's great loss became known, but not lis gain. It seemed natural, therefore, to hose who met him that he fhoald wander -ut to the wilds, taking his. sorrow with lim, beyond the abodes of men. He tramped along with no eye for the icents and songs of spring. The glory of he young green, the glimmer of the white horn, the gold of the gorse, were nothing ;o him. But presently he found the gorse lseful. It grew thick around the ' Lovers' 3tone,' and there was heather also. Pre lently he found a plaoe where he could lide himself within five yards of the stone. There, by pressing his body half under a arge block of granite, with space below it, ind by drawing a littie of the dead fern ibout him, he would be able to lie within aarshot — silent and invisible, unsuspeoted is a log of wood. It was then midday. The hours-passed slowly, and only a hawk shared the man's loneliness. A few folks passed upon the main road within some aundred yards of him, but nobody plodded jhrough the gorse and bracken and heather 3ut to the ruined masonry of the mine or the ' Lover' Stone ' hard by it. At last, however, John Macklehose saw Milly's red Sunday dress fluttering afar off Dn the white flint road. Then he got him to the lair he had made, and lay there very still, hidden by fern, and gorse and granite. He heaid her settle to wait, and he knew that she was restless, for ; she sighed and moved repeatedly. But the suspense was short for both ; Dick arrived in 10 minutes or less, and then John Macklehose heard the truth, spoken by lips that feared no listener, and put the matter plainly. To repeat what Milly said avails not. The girl had weighed gold on the one hand against a man on the other. Now the man had won. Now she told him so, and ex plained that, forced to speak before a dying woman on. the previous night, she had lied through terror. Dick only she lovel. D'ck must fight her battle for her and protect her against the sure wrath of the Beast. He consented to do so ; John Mackle hose heard their lips meet, and his fingers gripped over the dry, dead furze whereon he lay, so that the thorns sank into his hands, bringing blood, and Milly decreed that Dick and she most not be seen walk ing home together. She bid her sweet heart go first. ' Maybe you'd best see him this night, afore he's time to tell it,' said Milly. « I'd Bleep better if I thought he knowed. Put it ao you will ; eay what you deem right, but doan't 'ee let him come no more to me. I'm that frightened when I thinks what he'll do that I'm most fenred to go back long at all.' ' I'll see him to-night. He's just a man for sure. You waa frightened into it along of the old woman dyia'. He'll understand if I put it so.' Milly felt she would be happier if Dick returned to Polglaza before her. At the end of a long conversation he departed, and the nun already threw Blant beams across the moors before he did so. Then, ten minuteo after he had gone, oomething stirred in the furze^ the dead bracken fell away, and a strange thing clad SS Wsefej With long wgty q fa\\\ h^d, ani a free puckered with passion, rose and looked over the granite between the furzes. Milly saw it and started, and grew ash grey. She tried to scream, but the hand that grips a man's throat in nightmare was upon her, and she could make no sound. Then the black figure wriggled over the stone like a snake, passed between the 3tems of the gorse and approached her. 'John, John, forgice me,' she said at last, lifting up her hands to him. His brow was all furrowed like an ape's j hia hand shook ; his words tumbled over each other, and there was a sound like the growl of an angry animal in his voice as he spoke. ' Forgive : you 1 Never. You've lied to the dyin' — lied to her as can never know the black truth. A oursed outcast of G-od you be — a blot that shan't stain earth no longer — that shan't never break another heart but mine.' Dick Richards, nearly three parts of a mile on his road home, heard a strange sound borne on the wind, and turned. The west was barred with crimson, and the moors glowed in the dying light. Away by the old mine a ragged, rained chimney reared its head aloft in the midst of the desolate waste. And, as he listened, a second scream, faint and far away, but clear, came to his ear again. With a sud den sense of evil at his heart, the man tamed his tracks and galloped baok. But when he reached the ' Lover's Stone' breathless, the plaoe was deserted and silent. Milly had vanished and left no sign. CHAPTER Y. A GOLDEN NEST. Neither Dick Richards nor any other man ever saw Milly Pritchard again alive. She did not go home, and her love?, though he tramped the moor till the moon rose, and came back from Polglaze again later with lanterns and a dozen willing hands to help the search, could not find so much as a glove or a feather from her hat to guide his steps. Dick told what there was to tell at the police-station, and a detective came down from Truro four and twenty hoars later, but his inquiries proved nothing. An official investigation was held at the little sohool rooni, and two justices of the peace made suggestions, and cross-examined old Prit chard and the fisherman. John Macklehose's name cropped up in the matter, but him they could hardly ap proach that morning, because he was burv ing his mother. Two sensations ia a month were unusual at Polglaze, but now the sudden disappearance of the local beauty, following thus hard upon the death of widow Macklehose, formed matter for much discussion. For many days the boys of the neighborhood spent all their time on the moors, wandering amid the deserted mine workings, and searching many wild acres of heather and gorse for a trace of the missing girl ; but nothing rewarded . their search. Milly had clean vanished, leaving a mystery that promised to take its place amongst those arcana of human concerns only to be unlooked oa Doomsday. Dick was a broken man. The matter went near turning his hair groy, but those who supposed that Milly had not decided between the two strings to her bow when she disappeared were amazed to find bow calm and callous John Macklehoso was upon tho subject. He never dispusaed the matter, and. showed suoh aversion to it that VflJSQS S&&4 Mgfe Jn fep myGtesy pnjj fe his bar parlor when he entered. Diok had spoken with him the. day after Milly'a 'dis appearance, while yet all; thought she must return to her home, or, at worst, be found again. And he had told his rival the story of a scene already familiar to him. But the Beast heard it all again patiently, and then sppke. ' I'm* sorry for thee and for myself. But I'd have you know this. She've. courted the worst the Lord can bring on her. The Lord uses all manner of strange weapons, but His will be often done, though maybe blindly, by them as know not what they do. She— Milly— spoke words to my '. . ? dyin' mother. She said how she loved none but me, and called the Almighty to witness it. And she went back on it, Dick Biehards, and thereby lied to one as was on the point ot death. And you know what falls oa them as lies to the dyin'. I'm & sorry for yon, but the Lord don't take no sount of men.' . ' ' If she's dead, who'd have done her to death? Wbo'd have raised a finger against she ?' asked the other,* and Macklehose shook his head. 5*-. ' The Lord knows,' he answered. ' You're 'ard, John ; cruel 'ard on her.' ' Not so, Dick Richards, I'm telling you the truth. 'Tis the truth that's 'ard, not me. I'd give my life for her to-morrow if 't wonld bring her back to yon, bub it can't be.' No man ever suspected John Macklehose of crime. Old Pritchard only knew that the innkeeper was aware of the contemplated ' ''** meeting between Milly and Dick ab the 'Lovers' Stone,' but he attached no im portance to the fact, and if he had done so, would not have hinted at it. He had kepfe his mouth shut through life, and was cer- * tainly not going to open it on such a peri lous matter. He missed ' his .niece sadly, and whined about his consequent discom fort, but to connect Macklehose with her disappearance did not enter his head. Many disbelieved Dick's story of the ' aerem, but, as Gaffer Poltock remarked, there was no better one forthcoming. More over, what profit could Dick have in a lie 1 The poor fisherman had to suffer, however, - ' for Milly's formal promise to the Beast ? leaked out through the cottage woman who had looked to Widow Macklehoae, and there . were some who hesitated not to hint that Dick knew more than he had said. But Time drew curtains over the matter in fulness of days. A month passed, then a second, May came and Polglaza, busy with its fishing, thought less and talked less of that strange event in March. Many noticed, however, the mark Milly'e losa had left on those moat concerned. Dick, ac cording to* the nature of his class, bad mourned extravagantly at first, bnt his - wound began to heal by firat intention, and golden-haired Milly faded little by . little from his memory. With the other man it was different. He had shown no overwhelming grief at first, but time appeared to increase his sorrow. Always silent and reserved,' he — grew taciturn and morose j always tempe rate, he now took' to drinking; as Poltock said, the man began to creep through life instead of to walk upright through it. Ha looked ghost-haunted, and ghost-haunted he was j but none knew, the awful memory that began to slowly destroy him ; none but himself guessed at that grim uprising ,' by the ' Lovers' Stone,' at that hurricane of passion, at the sudden knitting of hairy hands round a plump, white throat, at the murder done and the murder hidden. He had gone back home, holding him- , self the weapon of the Lord. He had knelt beside his dead mother and thought himself no sinner 'r and now, day by day, a mist was rising from off that terrible moment, and he began to see himself the toy of the Davil, and his deed as it really was. Drink oould not drown the truth ; time would not dim it. The_ dwarfish ? demon, grown to a giant now-— tho, foul thing that had first prompted him to play the listener— spoke load in the night watches, and another voice from wjthin urged him upon a different course. /He , know he must end the present sugponse or else go mad. He hesitated between giving himself up to manor to death ; between destroying himaolf or letting Polglaze know where Milly lay hid under sand and flint, .. And while he hesitated, the Powers that control human affairs chose another course, and wondrously revealed the trnth through the hand of an idiot and tho beak of a bird. Tommy Leng was a little hair- lipped Ira beoile, and a harmloas 'softy,' who rambled about Polglaze. The boy loved loneliness. Tho birds and the rabbits were his playmates. He sooted tho cliffs for fcha . sw wtf&i; fr9 Isn&w; wto too tm 0wfa built, and himself had gathered together a great collection of eggs, to which he added as each spring came round, and his strength and agility increased. His parents laid no injunction upon him, but let him go his dangerous way on the steep cliffs and else where. They thought it might please God to break the child's neck some day — the best thing that could happen — because certain it was he would never be able to earn his bread. This boy, on a day in early May, wan dering over the moors some half-mile from the ' Lovers' Stone,' came npon a marvel lous strange thing in the gorse, a nest gold lined — a yellow- hammer's nest — that bird which lays eggs written upon in a mystic language, which no man can decipher. And the eggs reposed in a soft bed, fashioned and wrought with a thousand interwoven threads of pure gold. The boy laughed and chattered to himself. He had never seen the like, and he tore the treasure down and took it home rejoicing. Hia father marked the gold for a woman's hair, and remembered, a sunny head that had vanished not long since. He cross questioned Tommy, kept tbe matter silent for the time, and on the return of Richards from the sea. showed him the nest. ' Hard by where the nest be you U find her,' said the idiot's father. ''Tia the Lord's doin', Dick. He confounds the learnin' of the wise and puts truth into the 'and of the daft.' Tommy proudly led the way to the moors nest morning, and there not fat from where the nest was found, wonderfully hid in a Bteep placet, only to be reached by a bird, aud climbed out by an ape as it seemed, they found an awful caricature of what had been the beauty of Polglsze. That night the gossips of ?' The Trawlers' XvoOll li»ltvau. IVUg auu ivuu) hum Vw**u Macklehose listened, but he made no addi tion to the manifold theories advanced on every side. In the morning, however, he cleared that mystery and told the truth. The post brought a letter to the police station, and at the breakfast hour the few authorities of the village were at the inn. But Macklehose was not there. He had cut his throat that night, leaving something to bury, nothing to be judged. Lady (applying the test) — ' Ah [ what a pity ! The handsomest gentleman in the company has got a splash on his waistcoat.' (All the gentleman present looked down in consternation at their vests. ) .;&?; ' Momma,.. was that a BUffl^plnm f;bu gave mo yeaterdayii? askeSeUtfclilpabel. 'f|o dear, it was one xif/Gould'sV^^r Pilla.' ^Please, may I have^iother ?'sSiH$oit now, dec*;; one of those niceSjHs is all|§|ihe^*vt presei£;|because every doE§§a efikotivefand yb^^won'l^ieed one £jf ala^pime.' ^ 5^| 