Tta© Ulht « bat Cart tin * MHdOW. CURIOUS Stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives ol India, who live Up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men bare devoted scores or year* to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the;" adepts," as these queer Hindus are colled, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the} same. One day the professor Winted to examine some ancient Sanskrit tnanu aprfpia. An adept went with him to a care wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. | J" I can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a Soft pearly light brightened the cave. He could iiot tdl whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-tt oatt not the tlightett .tatbu. . This i> k Story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of Vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason fortioobt except that all the lights you have aeenfeare castthadowi. Belief or unbelief com iUMfjnaM parallel with one's own experience. Ot johnson tattled at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane-ghost ' A man who hat been 111 for years, and failed to Slid a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him tf a medidne Which they believe will make him frell. Vhat else but doubt could result from < hU experience t Take an example ' "In the' spring of iSSt," wntes our cones-1 pondent, " I fell into t low, weak, and languid Milt. I felt low<tpirited and out of jiorts. At first my atmadr was deranged, my appetite poor, andafter eating I bad a pain and weight 1 was much troubled with wind, ipat up a soar Said, also bitter fsuftered from nervousness and A «f spirit*. "" I kept up niy work, a Muc of discomfort. Off and 1 In this way for twoyears, nothing MtUetfhg me.' At last t heard of ^Vs/rap, and piocortd a uippty. ' I hm taken only a "few doses I found food digested, and gradually all " ft me. Although I bad no reason any confidence in this medidne, Med it or (ceo it used, I now its value, and ita, power over my recoirery, for which I thank, Curative Syrup, I bare been in and splrita. In tlw interests iity l Meemlta duty io send y. (Signed) D. Griffiths, l|i Hockley Hill, Binning of difference between Mr. 'letterand the~"story about the l ahadow. The lattter may be Mt ii oinnot be verified without ®Btao ?it ';U worth. On the'other !*^tnst#oitby witness, who will $ftj>t«?fy, ana-can be found at bis . ing mystic or magical '» Curative Syrup. It act* tailmenti are but symp "of that universal disease rpsiaj it sues that, and alth and happiness over illnewand pain bad cast [shadows. And that is it told of its I 