THE SHARK AND THE WHALE. A MIGHTY BATTLE OF THE DEEP. We—a little gitl of six and myself—were *eatcd upon a high, fiat-topped,grassy headland of a lonely part of the northern coast of New South Wales, five miles from the old penal settlement of Port Macquarie., Three hundred feet below, the long Pacific rollers, unruffled by the faintest breath of air, swept in endless but «urfless succession arcund a chain of black, isolated, and kelp- covered rocks that stood out from the shore at the distance of a cable-length «r so. The tide was low, and some of the rocks raised their jagged, sun-dried summits perhaps six feet from the surface ; others scarce a foot, «o that each gentle swell as it came wavering shoreward poured over its surface in a creamy lather of foam ; others again were fathoms below, and their thick garments of kelp and weed swayed to and fro unceasingly to the :6weap of the ocean roll above them. And in and about the rocks, and hoverinng over the white gleam of sandy bottom that, like a great table of ivory, lay between them and the cliffbound shore, swam droves of blight pinkcoloured schnapp&r;, and great, lazily-moving blue-fish. Half a mile away a swarm of gulls floated motionless on ths blue expanse ; upon the time-worn foreshore boulders beneath us stood lines and groups of divers, with wings .outspread in solemn silence, gazing seaward. We had climbed the headland to look for whales ; for it was the mouth of October, when ithe great schools of humpbacks and finbacks <wt-re travelling southward to colder seas from their breeding grouiids among the Barnptou •shoals nine hundred miles away north-east. For three weeks they had been passing south, some* times far out from the land, sometimes within; .a mile of the shore—hundreds of thousands of j pounds' worth of rich blubber, with never a whaleship nor whaleboat's crew within two •thousand miles ; tor the brave old days of; Australian whaling enterprise died fully fifty! .years ago. j At last, a mile or so away, a jet of smoky: -spray, and then another and another ! Five humpbacks—two cows, two calves, and a bull— •only a small " pod "—that is, a school. Nearer and nearer they came, their huge, black humps gleaming brightly in tho dazzling sunlight as ;they rose to spout. A hundred yards in front the old bull rolls iazily along, '•' sounding " but rarely, for the sea is full of squid, and he and his couvoy, with drooping lower jaw, suck in the lovely morsels by countless swarms. Six weeks before, as they had roiled and spouted northwards to the great lagoons of the Bampton and Bellona reefs, they had pissed jwithia, perhaps a hundred yards of the headlaud upon which we sat. Perhaps, too, a fierce north-easter " blr w, and the chain of rocks that was now so gently laved by the murmuring .waves was smothered in !he wild turmoil of a froaring surf, and the great bull, although his huge, corrugated belly itched sorely from tho thick growth of inch-long barnacles that had so .tormented him of late, spouted regretfully and 'headed seaward sgain—he could not scratch his' giant frame in such a surf as that. But today it was different ; and now he could enjoy that long-delayed pleasure of dragging; his great body over the rough surfaces of thej submerged roc^s and tearing those dreadfully! irritating barnacles off his t wenty-five feet oi; grey-white ridgy stomach. For, suddenly, he i raised his vast head, and then sounded, straight: •on end, and the child by my side gave a gasp of: wondering terror as she saw his mighty tail rise -a good ten feet m air and then slowly vauisli beneath. Oa went the cows and calves, apparently; taking no heeel of father's sudden dive shore-, ward. He would soon bo back, they knew, asj ;Soon as the poor fellow had rid himself of those' tormenting barnacles ; and so with dim rsished: speed they kept in southwards towards Camden: Haven. But just as the great bull camo burst-!. JDg through the blue depths into the greeny huej •of six fathoms of water, we saw between himi and the " pod " two smal; jets, like spurts of : steam, shoot up from the water between him: and his convoy ; and in another second the; cows and calves had rounded its deadliest terror and were rushing seaward two thousand feet be-' 3ow. For they knew that- out there in the; depths lay their only hope of safety from their; dreaded and invincible enemies, the " killers "; ;smd 11 threshers " of the South Pacific—thej murderous savage, cetacean pirates that lie in; •wait for the returning " pods " as they travelsouthwards to the colder seas of Tasmania. As] the great humpback reached the chain of rocks.: and had begun to scratch, his foes had advancedsilently but swiftly towards him. Before them, swam their equally fierce and dreaded ally,| Alopias Vulpes, the " thresher." or fox-shark.: But, before I tell of that noble fight of giants! which for nearly two hours we gazed at on that; October morning from the lonely headland, let 1 ime say something about Alopias Vulpes and his' fellow-pirate, Orca Gladiator, the " killer." j • • • • • • i First of all, then, bs to the " thresher." He; •-is a shark, pure and simple, and takes his name; from his enormous seythe.-like, bony tail, which! form two-thirds of his length. His mouth is but; Kmall, and whales have little to fear from that,] but dread the terrible knife-like sweep andj downward slash of hia tail ; for each streke. cuts through the tough skin and sinks deep; dowfl into the bubber. Such is the " thresher ". and in every drove of " killers n there is always one thresher, sometimes two. The " killer " is actually a whale, for he is warm-blooded and rises to the surface to spout, which he does in a manner that has often led to his being mistaken for a humpback or finback whale. He is distinguishable only from the grampus by his mouth, which has teeth—and terrible teeth—in both jaw» ; the grampus has teeth in his lower jaw only. When he (the grampus) is a baby he has teeth in both jaw.*, but those of the upper jaw are shed and fall out when he is about half-grown. The killer has teeth in both jaws, as many a poo* humpback and finback has found out to hi-s cost, for the; fierce creature does justice to his name—Orcii Gladiator. The killers have a business, and they neveii neglect it. It i« the business of whale catching and killing. They are bulldog pirates of thq deep sea, and on the coast of Australia their headquarters are at Twofold Bay. Sometimes • but not ol't n, they have been known to attack the monarch of the ocean, the sperm whale. But they generally leave him alone. He is too big, too powerful, and his great ten-inch teeth and fierce spirit render him a dangerous customer to tackle. But with the right whale, the humpback, and the seventy-foot, flying finback, the killers can wi rk their cruel will. And cow to the fight we saw. For about ten minutes or so the great humpback dragged his monstrous seventy feet of fltsh and blubber across the tops of the submerged rocks, raising sometimes his vast head and sometimes his mighty flukes out of the 'Water, as with all the weight of a hundred tons or more he rubbed and scraped and scratched his itching belly against the surface ot the rocks. Suddenly, a long slender, greyish object swej.t like lightning upon him, and the thresher burieei his teeth in the loose skin of his "small" —that is, about fifteen or sixteen feet from his tail. And at the same moment with savage puffs of spray shooting high from their blowholes, the two killers darted at his head and seized him by the jaw. In ten seconds there was nought to be seen but a maddened whirl and sceth of foam, as the unfortunate victim sought to escape seaward. Well did he know that in such shallow water—there was but five or six fathoms—he could not sound far below into ocean's depths, and v carrying his foes with him, compel them to rise to air. Fifteen, perhaps twenty minutes exhausts the air supply of a killer ; a whale can remain below the surface for sixty. But he made a bold attempt. Raising his enormous head high in air and giving it a m ghty slake, he freed himself of one of the killers, whose body, twenty feet in length, he hurled from him as if it were a minnow ; but the ether, with his cruel teeth buried bulldog fashion in Lis thick lips, hung on with savage tenacity. And down upon his " small " the thresher, with his teeth gripping the loose, tough, and wrinkled skin, upieared his lengthy form, and brought his awful scythe-like tail down upon the victim's back, with a smsck that could be heard half a mile away,, It cut, and then, as the whale rolled in his agony from the bio w, a broad white streak of blu ber oozr.d through the severed skin. Before he could gather his strength for that seaward rush which octant life, the thrown-oif killer was back,and had seized him again by his starboard lip. Too late 1 be could not sound Knd could not flee, and the poor, worried animal seeir.ci to know it, for suddenly he lav Cjuiet. while the buildogs shook him and the thresh* r dealt him steady but fearful blows upon his broad expanse of shining back. " Oh, the poor whale !'' said my little companion, as she shudderingly clutched my arm. " Look at that The killer fasti nei to the left i&w; of the helpless, floating monster, raising his square white and black Lead about a foot or two out of water, gave it that quick jerk one sees a foxteriier gives to a rat, and brought away in his jaws A pi< ce of lip about a yard long—a thick ctrip of bloody white and rid. Aud, as a terrier throws a rat backward and upward, so did the killer throw aw&y; the gory mass ; it fell with a heavy splash upon the water seme fathoms awsy. Then with a mighty i< ap the wretched wh.le sprang clear out of the water, standing for a moment or two straight up and down,and as he swung his body round in falling we saw the blood pouting from his jaws in a stream. He I'd] upon his back with a terrific splash of foam, and for a few teconds was out of danger . gain he .raised his iiead—the killers were both fastened to his lips again,tearing o:f the biubbtry flesh in monstrous strips. Once, as he wallowed in his agony, he opened his vasty jaw, and ere he could close his mouth one of his foes thrust in his bulldog head and sought to tear away a piece of his great tonguo. And then came such a crashing and splashing and bewildering leaping of foam, * d his tail uprearcd itself ana swept round and 'ound in all directions, and then struck the water blow that sounded like a thunderclap, " Look," said the child again, " there are more of those cruel killers coming ; see, there they are, just below us !" Fifty feet away from the persecuted humpback, and sailing round and round in the green water beyond the rocks w«re five sharks. They had smelt the blood of the battle, and were waiting till they could join in, and, while the killers forced their bead into the humpback's mouth and tore out his toothsome tongue, feed upon the quiveiing mass of blubber and rend him in pieces from his head down to tls " small." The unfortunate animal was now becoming rapidly exhausted, and though he still struck the water resounding blows with his tail, he was convulsed with pain aud (error, aud swam slowly round and round in a circle, spouting feebly, and rolling from side to side in a vaia effort to shake off the killers, and find his vr«y to the open sea. Then, as if wearied with their attempts to get at his tongue, the two destroyers suddenly let go their hold aad swam away some twenty yards or so ; and the thresher, too, although he stdl lay alongside, ceased his fearful blows and let his long, narrow, and tapeiing body lie motionless upon the water,and the five grey sharks drew nearer aad nearer. But the killers had not left him, for after spouting once or twice, they slewed round and came at the prey with a savage rush, ana leapign bodily out of the water, flung themselves upon his back time and time again with the most cruel and extraordinary pertinacity. Aud so, at last, there he lay, his monstrcus head ;and thirty feet of his bark raised high out of •the waler, and the white seethe of foam in I which his colossal frame writhed and shuddered iu deadly torment was tinged dee ply with a ;bloodied red. Better far for him would have •been >he swift, death-dealing stroke of Ithe whaler's lance, or the dreadful " squish iof the bursting bomb as it entered his vitals,! ,and put an end to him at or.ce, than endure isuch tortures as now were his. But, presently, 1 leathering his strength for one final effort, one! : last spout slowly curled out, he lowered his! ihead, raised his tail, »nd dashed headlong sea-i .ward. And like demons from the pit th« two! :kilh rs followed him down. They knew that; j for a mile out tho water was too shallow for! jhim to get away fiom them. Behind, the five! [sharks swept in swift pursuit ; ahead of all; jAliopias Vulpes cleft the water with sharp j vicious " tweeps " of his long tail. • Five, perhaps six, minutes passed, and then,' iwith a roaring burst of foam and spouting' iqnickly, he raised his immense form half upt umt of the water and, supporting himself upon'; | us tail, spun round and round. Twice his (save like mouth opened and shut, and bs he |beat the sea into froth anei spume around, a -strange, awe-inspiring sound Eccompanied his ;last spout ; for the sharks were at him below, j tea ring and riving out mouthfuls of blubber, •and the killeis had dragged out his tongue, i One last shuddering gasp, and the now unconscious creature sank backwards, and describing I a circle in his final " flurry," rolled over, " fin !up," and gave up his greasy ghost.— Louis jBeeke, in the " Pall Mall Gazette." 