THE SINGLETON ELECTOEATE Dealing with the following sentence from tho Siugloton correspondent of tho Star : " Should protectionist candidates at tho next election bo patriotic enough to abido by the decision ?of the local len<; uc the selection of a candidate, the chances of Mr Gould'B re-election are vory remote," tho Xowcaetlo Times trench antly remarks : —" The Australian Star is not avowedly a comic paper, but is frequently (uuiutentionally 110 doubt) using. In last night's issuo it baa pouie "news"' from its Siugletou , correspondent, which id very funny, particularly to readers in JSewcn?tlo and district, to whom tho Singleton olectorate in almost u next door neighbour. Tho correspondent under notice says that tho local pro. tectionists are very nnioh . pleased at tho manner in which Messrs liolden and Conley represented thorn at tho late Protectionist Conference as dele gates from Singleton, and that, should those who are desirous of being pro tectionist candidates for Singleton at the next general election bo patriotic enough to abido by the decision of tho local lenguo in tho selection of a candidate, tho chances o? tho re election of Mr Gould, the present member, are ,rery remote. In vioiv of the ;nbsoluto facts of the case, this is simply comic. Tho truth is that the. Mr Conley above .mentioned represents, or professes to represeut, the democratic section of the Singleton protectionists, who are in favor of maintaining tho laud and income taxes and superadding- to tberu a protec tionist tariff; while Mr Holden represents what the landlord in " Martin Chuzzlewit'! would call " the gentlemanly iuterosts'' in regard to protection in Singleton—the interests which hate the land and incomo taxes and desire their romoval as soon as possible. Mr Holden, who unsuccess fully contested tho electorato at.tho last general electiou, is a very po?itivo little gontloman, with a number of crude iiscal and political ideas, derived from a continuous dovouriug of cer tain abstract economic literature, and an incapability of mentally digesting tlio same. He intends to come for ward at the next general election, and will have the support, as he bad at tho last, of a number of recalcitrant free traders, landholders, numbering among them the Eangars, the Dights and the Bowmans, who were freetraders until direct taxation touched their own pockets.' .''.But their support helped at last election 'to kill Mr Iloldon's chances, as the democratic vote went to Mr Gould. Now it is tho demo cratic .vote Mr Conley's section is augling for. The position, then, is this. Mr Holden will be a cortaiu candidate. Ho will not have the ghost of a show of eucceso. Should, liowover, lie bo induced to rotire in favor of a candidate who will bo ready to maintain tho land dud incomo taxes, and combine them with n pro tective tariff, then protection may gain a small part of the democratic voto, but tlio major portion will go with freotrade and land taxation, while tho " fashionable" freetraders aforementioned will ropent them of having gone astray with jirotection, .and will be found voting once ngain with fieetrado, on the principle of choosing the least of two evile. In those circumstauces, we should say that the chances of a protectionist being returned for Singleton at tho next general election are very remote indeed." 