TP PIN OF NI&fiT.; By HEADOX HILL, Author of 'Guilty Gold.' 'Zainbra . the De^ teetive,' 'The Xiajah's Seecmd Wife,' &c; CHAPTER 1. 'Deuce tako the luck.*' That was the phrase which embodied my sentiments as I Licked heels in the outer office of ttie Flower Steamship Company, while the directors de liberated on my case in the seclusion of the board-room. I was as certain of 'the sack' as man could be. I knew it from the pro verbial devotion of our board to red- tape; 1 knew it from the sympathetic glances flung ? at me by the clerks from behind the great brass-rimmed -counters; I- knew it from what good old Beatson— kindliest of skippers— pro- phesied when he promised to 'speak a word;' and. above all, I' knew it because I ftni a. sailor, and. believing in presentiments, believed in that which told me that my hours as first officer of the Dahlia were numbered. Directors are rond oC letting their jawtac kle run, so as they are safe for another ten minutes before they have me in for sentence, I may as well spend the 'interval in over hauling my log of what has thrown me on my beain^ends. My name is Cyril Forrester, at that time 30 years old, five feet ten in my stockings, sound in wind and limb, and hold ing a master's certificate in the mercantile marine, though never yet in command of a vessel, and under present circumstances never likely to be. The Flower Liine of steamships*, as everyone knows, plies be tween London and Calcutta, touching at the chief Mediterranean ports; and the little inci dent that, gave those grim old hunkses in the board-room the chance to get their knives into me occurred on the last voyage out. We had left London on a Tuesday after noon, and all went well till the following Thursday morning, when we were steering a steady fifteen knots across the mouth of the Channel. It was my watch, and except for the quartermaster, who was steering. I was alone upon the bridge, the captain being at breakfast in the saloon. The weathel' was thick, with a nasty choppy sea, and the third officer, who shared my charge of the deck, was forward on the fo'castle seeing that the lookout man didn't go to sleep. Suddenly my ears were startled by a scrunching crash from, as far as I could judge, about two hundred yards off on the port beam, followed by screams and shouts which told me as plain as words could speak .that two vessels were in collision close at hand. Almost at the same moment the haze broke a little, and showed me the black hull of a steam-collier slinking away to the westward, aiid a smart, yawl-rigged1 yacht cut down to the water's edge, and with scarcely a minute to float. I altered the Dahlia's course so as to bring , her round to the sinking craft singing out at the same time to the third officer to clear away a boat. As we neared the yacht I could see that all was confusion on her, and no -wonder; her one boat was stove in, and the rascally collier, instead of standing by to help, was already out of sight in the mist. To make matters worse, I caught sight of ladies on the sloping deck, and I knew that unless tbe yawl floated a' few minutes longer they would be in danger, since our ship came ; round but slowly on a jammed helm. I was keeping one eye on the men engaged in lowering the boat anil the other on the yacht, when she plunged forward, then stag gered back and went down stern foremost, leaving her people struggling in the sea.. | I Our boat was still at the davit, the freshly I painted gear working stiffly, and I could see I that anyone who was not a strong swimmer I would be swept away and drowned before I they could be picked up. It was no time to I reckon rules and consequences, and almost I before I knew what I was going to do my I shoes were kicked off and I had taken a I header from the bridge. I Our ship had greatly reduced the distance, I and a few strokes brought me to tbe scene of I the disaster, where about a score of people I were keeping themselves afloat in the best way known to them. --^Luckily the v.'icht was too small to have sucked ., them down. An elderly gentleman in flannels, with a life bolt on. was hanging on to a spar, and a man vrho looked like the sailing-master was sup porting a lady who was screaming at the top of her voice some word which I could nut make out. The rest— all men, and evidently the crew— were swimming strongly towards the Dahlia. I was beginning to think that I had been rather too officious, when a draggled wisp of blue serge, rising in the water between me I and the gentleman on the spar, caused me to I change my mind and feel glad that I had I coma It was the insensible form of a w.o I man. floating limply to the surface for the I first time after immersion, and on the point I of sinking again when I managed to grab her I by the arm. I noticed no more than that she I was young and lay quite a feather-weight in 1 my embrace, for my chief concern was now I with the arrival of the boat. Looking round, I I was glad to see it coming towards us fast, I while the Dahlia herself was standing on at I quarter speed lest she should run down the I yacht's crew, who were already reaching her I side. Seeing how I- was hampered, the third I officer steered his boat straight for us, and I after picking us up -went on for the sailing I master and his burden, last of all taking in I the man on the spar. I Five minutes later -we were all safe on I board the Dahlia, and the two ladies, who I were alone the worse for the accident, were I handed over to our surgeon and stewardess. I The passengers, who had come up from the I saloon to witness the rescue, crowded round I me with the usual fuss of congratulation and ?curiosity, so that another ten minutes passed ? before I could slip into dry clothes and join ? tbe captain on the bridge. He shook hands ? with me warmly, but he was looking as sol ? emn as a church. I 'This is going to end badly, Forrester, I I am afraid,' he said. 'You only did what I any decent chap would have done, but you I know as well as I do that it was dead against ? the rules. To leave the bridge -with no one ? in charge is a heinous crime -with the wise I acres of X,eadenhall-street, and I am bound I to log the incident.' I 'I never gave the rule a thought,' I said, I 'and I don't believe it would have made any I difference if I had.' I There having been no loss of life, the ex I citement soon calmed down, and we stood on I our course southward. It was ascertained I that the sunken yacht Norah had been char I tered for a channel cruise by Sir Simon I Crawshay, the elderlyvmanrwho had saved I himself by clinging to^a sp;arvand that the I ladies were respectively :iis* sister, Mrs. I Beauchamp, and his ward, i^iss Aline Chal I lcnor, the latter being the girl whom I had I managed to pick up. In the course of the I morning I heard that Miss Challenor had I quickly revived under the - surgeon's treat I ment, and that Sir Simon had decided to go I on in the Dahlia to Naples, whence he would I be able to take his party home overland more I expeditiously than from Gibraltar. I I saw no more of the ladies that day, but I during the. afternoon, being off duty, I was I talking to some of our own passengers on I deck, when Captain Beatson passed in con I vesation with Sip -Simon. The latter had I been fitted withdry clo£he^by;,s0irie ; passen I ger, and he. appeared to. pje^&on;'e the worse I for his dip. I cannot 'say 'tftatj ]tpttk;inueh I of 'a. liking for the man.' fcsaw b^ the fur I five, way he kept Jiis eyes uskaitice that he ?'?had recognised me, and one would have I thought that under' the circumstances toe I v.-ouid have wished to say something civiL I Em they passed and fepasseji Several tames I or. their 'promenade, SiE^ Sijpon always at I tliav moment-finding -an object «f interest -at I the other side of the deck! and Cap'taln Beat I sou too busy with liis discussipB?:|^i; notice I surroundings. At about?1fte S&h; fti^ how I ever, the skipper's 'eyes?cnaice^ ^yw^y, and I he at once brought his companion to' a halt. introducing1 me as t;he ' oSScer-^who had got Miss Challenor into the boat. ..'?.. Now though I' come of a. fairly decent fa mily myself, niy rather having been a clergy man and the graUdson of a peer. I went to sea so early that my dealings, with the aris tocracy have been limited. I was, therefore, not sure whether Sir Simon Crawshay's man ner towards myself arose from blue blood or from a black heart; bnt even if it was infra dig. for a baronet to extend his gratiijide to a mere officer in the merchant service. I thought it singular that he shpuld show such callousness about his ward's' escape. 'Oh, indeed! very interesting, and'all that sort of thing, I'm sure,' was the extraordin ary reception he accorded me, adding, . with an artificial smile designed apparently to show an expensive set of false teeth. 'And did you find the water cold?' Then, with out waiting for a reply, he put liis hand on the captain's arm and wheeled Jiiin round to continue his promenade. ....--.. 'He's a beast, Forrester— a perfect beast,' the skipper said to me when we were alone upon the bridge together that evening. 'His treatment of you was only on a par with his conversation with me. He is thinking a good deal more of the loss of his effects on the yacht than of the safety of his sister and his ward.' It was not till the next morning that Aline Challenor appeared on deck and I formed the acquaintance that was destined to lead to such wonderful things. I can see her now, as she came forward with both hands out stretched, a dainty fairy of a girl, with a clear, fresh complexion and reai violet eyes that could be frank without being forward. Her own simple blue serge yachting dress had been dried and put to rights for her, and I should never have recognised in the smart little figure the poor pale, half -drowned crea ture whom I had held in my arms the day before. As she thanked me in a few words for my help, I thought I had never seen such a pretty girl before, and — there! as the whole of the story hinges on it there is no need for secrecy— I fell head over heels in love with her there and. then. 'I am very glad to have been of use,' I said, trying not to show my admiration in my face. 'But there is really no reason why you especially should thank me. You see I just 'went it blind.' and. it -was as likely to have been one of the others I chanced upon as you. I am glad it wasn't, though.' 'You shall not rob me of my gratitude,' she replied. 'At any rate, it didn't happen to be one of tbe others.. and it did happen to be me, and — and I shall never forget it.' From that beginning our friendship grew rapidly, as it only can on ship-board, and by the time the Dahlia's bows were turned east ward through the Straits it had ripened into that later phase of friendship in which, with out awkwardness, there can be long silences. Sir Simon's demeanor towards me continued curt and distant— that of his sister, Mrs. Beauehamp, equally so — but he could not very well forbid his ward to speak to the man who had saved her life, and though it was plain that he viewed our increasing intimacy with cynical dislike, he probably counted on the coming separation at Naples to put an end to it. If so, he was out of his reckoning by about thirty hours. 'We were that time distant from our port of call, and I remember as if it were yesterday what a beautiful Mediter ranean evening it -was, when Aline and I shook off the chrysalis shell of friendship for the golden butterfly of love. I found her behind the aft wheelhouse — that time-honor* ed tryst of sea-going lovers. For several minutes we watched the white streak eddying from the screw without speaking. Then I said — 'Aline, are you sorry that your voyage on the Dahlia is so nearly at an end?' ? . . ? - It wasHhe first time I had called her by her Christian name— a fact of which the sig nificance will be appreciated by those who have ''been there' themselves. Her answer came, faltering a little, but prompt enough for me — f'You know I shall,' and then after a pause was shyly added the one word— 'Cyril.' This is no love story— there is sterner work ahead— and I have not space, even if I had the will, to write down here the words in which my sweet girl and I plighted our troth. All I can say is, that though I had seen thirty years without any sweethearting, it came na- ; tural enough at last, and that when we left the shelter of the wheelhouse we were bound by every promise to be faithful to each other against all odds, all opposition. As the time we should have together -was to be so short, we decided to keep our secret till my return from the Eastern voyage, when I could try to secure Sir Simon's consent to a formal en gagement. Aline would not come of age for a year, and in the meanwhile, under her fa ther's will, she was not permitted to take any step without her guardian's sanction, though in our new-found happiness we paid but little heed to possible opposition from that quar ter. At the worst there would be but nine months, from the date of my return, to wait before she would be her own mistress. So we parted, full of hope and mutual trust, in the bright sunshine of Naples Bay, and here I was, on the day after tbe Dahlia's return, waiting to l-e carpeted for the 'grave dereliction of duty' which had given Aline back her life. Even as I came to the end of my reverie a bell rang, and a clerk invited me to step into the board-room, -where one glance at the faces of my censors told me my fate at once. The chairman, an old fellow whiskered all round his- face like a cat, and having a fierce eye, rose at once — rose, too, as if he liked the job. 'We have fully considered your case,' Mr. Forrester,' he said. 'While -Juite recognis ing the gallantry of your act, we cannot pass over the breach of the company'Siirule which forbids an officer to leave the bridge till ano ther officer has come up- to take hi& place. As a practical sailor, you must see that the ship, and— ahem— the lives of the passengers might be endangered by such an irregularity. We regret it exceedingly on many grounds, but your employment, by the company must terminate with the voyage just concluded.' On the whole I managed to keei- my tem per, but I said a few polite things about then? rules which made the Old gentleman look very thoughtful before I- bowed myself out. and stepped down into the street, a cast-off servant. My first impulse was to charter a hansom and drive to the address inGfosvenor Square at which Aline said I ^should find her, but then there' rushed over 'me the sud-. den remembrance that the situation had al tered. For the present I' was a broken man; and, though I did not despair of getting.ano» ther berth, a feeling of pride urged me to take some steps to that end before presenting myself to Sir Simon. I knew not then that my girl was a great heiress,: and that a first mate's proposalior her hand woold be near ly as presumptuous as that of a penniless pavement-trotter. ' i I knew a restaurant frequented by mer chant service men near Fencnurch-street Sta tion where the shipping newspapers were taken, and thither I made my way to see if the advertisement columns had anything in store for me. Seating myself at one of the round tables, I gave an order 'for the good of the house,' and started to go through the list of vacancies systematically, but 'without finding the ghost of an opening In my line.' Finally flinging the papers aside in disgust, I rose to leave the place, when my eye was caught by a written notice .stuck on the wall. , It ran as follows: ? ' V'Jy 'The-owiters.of :tJie sci?e^-steamsbip Queen of Night 7-XW;tons, used-\as a. pleasure cruis er or ocean yacht, require i'a commander hav ing the necessary Certificates. In addition to 'the usual qualifications as , to . seamanship, &c.;, he must be of good spcial address and able to act as host to tbe passengers on terms of equality. ? Apply to Nathan ?and$Gtompany, 315 Harp- A^y^-Fenchurcli^street.'*- As I finished reading, and before I had di-r gested the words, a lean hand wa^Jaid upon my shoulder, while agarlic-fiaTpred'Toice croaked .hi my rear: 'The, riotJsb is to your liking, my -yoqngcaptaln,^I hope?' .. 'Turning' quieldy bniny 'heel, I %aw that he ?who had accosted joe was a little. shrivelled ?old Jew — or, rather, the quintessence of about; fifty Jews boiled into one, so' pronounced were the national characteristics of fleshy lip, hooked nose, and shining protuberant .eyes that looked up at me witir- a cunning leer- . .'V'-:-:r^~:i'. (To be continu'eal) - '? '' 