traveller. i Celestial Oddities — she Chinese wear | white during the periods oi mourning, never 1 black. They whiten their shoes with chalk ! instead o£ blacking them, snd mount their ; horses from the off side. The men in China . | wear the petticoats, while the women inva. 1 riably wear pantaloons. Men run the dress making and millinery stores, and every man carries a fan, cither in his hand or tucked in ! the collar of bis dress bchiud the neck, | Women smoke on all occasions. When a man ; ' has suffered an injury at the hands of another | and desires revenge, instead of killing his . offender he kills himself, believing that the man whom he hates will he held accountable for his death, and will be fearfully tormented by demons in this worid and in the next. If a Chinaman wishes to especially honor any one, he assigns him to a standing or sitting position on his left hand. Instead of a Japan ese woman compressing her feet as her Chinese sister docs, she has a custom far more disgusting. They naturally have tine teeth, hut when a woman marries she is compelled by custom to dye her teeth black, which pro cess is repeated every few years. The effect is hideous in the extreme. The most import ant article of a native woman's dress, is the obi, or sash. This is usually of costly mate ria1, and is tied behind in a huge bow with the strictest care. When a Japanese woman j becomes a widow and signifies herdetermina tion never to marry again, she ties the obi in front. They seem to smoke all the time. The tiny Japanese pipe contains hut two or three whiffs, and as the tobacco is rolled up tightly in the fingers before it is inserted, the ash when shaken out is a small fireh .11, from which asecond pipe is lighted. Ata Japan ese feast the same cup is passed from hand to hand, each person rinsing it in a bowl of water after using and before offering it to another. The lowest class of Japanese are buried in a squatting position, in a sort of barrel. It is a mistake to suppose that the : burying of the dead is universal in Japan. The rich and the noble are buried in square coffins, the body being partially preserved from decay by filling the nose, cars and mouth with Vermillion. After death the person receives a new name. This name is “ Okwuna ” or the accompanying name. It is customary on accasion of the first visit tea house to carry a present to the owner, who gives something of equal value on returning the visit. Cats in Japan are found with stumps where there should be tails. Some times this is the result of art, and sometimes the course of nature. All the temples of Japan, as well as of China, have guests’ apartments, which may he secured for a con sideration, either for a short or long period of time. It is wrong to suppose that there is : any desecration of a sacred shine for the pur | pose of using it as a hostelry ; it is the ctis j tom of the country. The practice of suicide by disembowelling is of great antiquity. On entering a Japanese house the native re moves Jhis sword, leaving only his dirk. The rooms of the house are divided by paper screens, which form partitions, and they may be made into one room at will. Dynamite for Sharks—There are not many ways of destroying this hated and dreaded sea-tiger. To harpoon it needs a practised eve and a cunning hand; more over the vessel should he at anchor or be calmed and the shark stealthily moving I within reach of the harpooncr's muscle. The j lump of beef or pork, the large hook con nected by a chain to the line, the tnlroit paying out of the bait in the true spirit of j malignant coquetry — these are the old j fashioned and still enduring devices, which i have been the reason of many thousand of | the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ! ghost, and then returning to the deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as fuod for other sharks. But, unhappily, this method of fishing is not sure. The creature often escapes after gorging the hook. To make his destruction certain it is necessary to blow him up ; and this has lately been per formed with such great success as not only to entitle those who undertook the business to the applause of the seafaring world, but to invite earnest imitation whenever oppor tunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related : A ship was lately laying off l’orfc Natal,when several huge sharks, some of them exceeding fifteen feet in length, were observed sweeping under the vessel’s counter and along her sides. A hook was baited and thrown over board, and was immediately swallowed by one of the biggest of the sharks, which quietly cut the line with his teeth, taking no further notice of it. The following stra tagem was then hit upon :— The breast of a buck that was rather “ high," and the fitter bait in consequence for sharks, who cannot be regarded as very nice in their eating, was weighted that it might sink ; and inside of it there was placed a hand charge of gun cotton, the whole being connected by a wire with an electric battery. No sooner had the venison reached the water than the shark made straight for it, but just as he opened his mouth to swallow the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws being completely shattered. The monster turned on his hack and sank in the bay. Here is a satisfactory assurance that there is one shark less in the sea, though such is this fish’s ex traordinary tenacity of life that, had the shark not made a sure death sign by turning on its back and quietly sinking, the blowing away of part of the head would not have persuaded those who knew the creature’s vi tality to feel sure that he was dead. Cut a shark into pieces, and like fragments of the everlasting worm, each piece will go on puls ing with a hideous instance of life. A Horse Story.—A short time ago the child of Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton Paden was very ill. The parents were very much alarmed about it, and never left its side if they could help it. One day, however, when the child was sleeping quietly, and there appeared to he no immediate danger, Mr. Paden concluded to go out in the field, about a mile away from the house, and do some ploughing, as the work had been neglected during the illness of the child, and had to be done. So he hitched up one of his horses, leaving the other in the stable, and went to his work. He had been gone but a short time when the child awoke. The mother, who was watching beside its cradle, fancied that its symptoms were worse, and was much alarmed. She decided to summon her husband from the field, fearing that the child might die be fore his return. But how should she send him word of the danger 1 She was alone with her sick baby in the house and could not leave it. Her husband was too far away to hear if she called him, and out of sight so that she could not signal to him. At last she thought of the other horse in the barn. It was usually worked with its mate, which was now in the field with Mr. Paden, and the. thought occurred to her that the animal would go to them if she turned it loose. The plan was worth trying, at any rate, and she could think of no other resource. She took a handkerchief and tied it to the horse's halter, and to the handkerchief pinned a note telling her husband to come home at once,' as the child was worse. Then she took the animal out of the barn and turned it loose. It stood still a moment as if uncertain which way to go, and then started off at acanteria the direction of its mate, which had been taken into the field to plough. Within twenty minutes from that time Mr. Paden appeared at the house, The horse had come to him in the field. When he saw it loose he knew that something was wrong and caught it. He then noticed the handkerchief and note, read the latter, and hurried home at once. Fortunately, he found that Mrs. Padeu's fears about the child were groundless, and it finally recovered. By anew process of toughening woodi it is claimed that the effect produced upon whitewood is such that a cold chisel is re quired in order to split it—this result being accomplished by a special method of steam ing the timber and submitting it to air pres sure. By this means, the cells and fibres are compressed into one compact mass, and it is stated by those who have experimented with the process that wood can he thus com pressed to the extent of some seventy-five per cent., and that some of the timber com, monly considered unfit for use in such work as carriage building, for example, can be made valuable by this means as a substitute for ash, hickory <kc. This method is applic able, of course, only to wood in compara tively small quantity of sizes. Bibulous and Jocosns were walking to v. tber on n hot summer day. More than once tocosus mentioned his thirst. “But why hirst?” said Bibulous; “ henj is a beer •dlar, where your thirst may be instantly iked.” Jocosu3 looked at him with an ex ossion of mingled sorrow and indignation. ‘ Peer 1” he exclaimed ; “ my dear Bibulous, i ordinary thirst may properly oe slaked • ith beer, but this thirst of mine is no or iinary one. That you, of all men, should' capitalize it at three pence 1 Fortune, najr dear boy, does not favor me with Bucnt’ thirst as this every day. I would not41 Ui furs you1 tal$e a pound note for it I” j,, 