; ITJEMSVOFTNTEIiEJST. Female cab-drivcre now ply for hire in NevV York. '?. ' ? - .-.'????. ' Football was & crime in Enginndduruig the reign of Henry V1LL .... There are more than 1,000 islands over which the flag of Japan floats. The third-class railway fares in Hungary only average Id. for aix miles. ' The bide of the hippopotamus in certain parts attains a thiekneaj ot 2 in. The mat. nf nrnmatintr a hodv in France is only three francs, equal to 2s. 6d. The life insurance in force in the entire world is estimated at £1,800,000,01)0. The largest wrought iron pillar is at Delhi, in India. It IB 6 ft, high and weighs 17 tons. It takes 72,000 tons of paper to make the post-cards used in the United Kingdom eaca year. The tallest and the shortest people in Europe, tiie Norwegians and the Laps, live side by side. Plucheria, Empress of the Eastern Empire, was the first woman on record to have her tace piotured on a coin. Blacksmiths' tools of the present day are almost identical with those1 used in the game trade over 'M0 years ago. A strip of laud to extend the Liverpool Stock Exchange was recently purchased at the rate of £l,0U(-, 000 sterling per aure. It is said that toothache can generally be cured immediately by putting a small piece of cotton saturated with strong ammonia into the hollow of the affected tootb. .For a wager three men recently tested their water-drinking powers. The winner swallowed 12 quarts, the second D, and the third 7. All died very soon after their feat was over. It in said that no fewer thau7,70'J school gardens exist in Austria, not including the eister kingdom of Hungary. They are con nected with both private and public schools, and are used for purposes of practical instruc tion in horticulture and tree-growing. The gas engine, which in Europe has now supplanted the steam engine for moderate power, is being used in France for ships. A new gosboat^on the Havre-itouon-Paria line is 100 ft. long and attains a speed of seven knots. The engine is a two-cylinder ono and is of 40 horsepower. The modern shark is deteriorating. In ages gene by there were ferocious sharks sued as would make ft mouthful of you without blink ing, 70 ft in length. Plenty of their teeth have been found winch are 5 in. long, whereas the biggest of the teeth belonging to sharks that exist at the present day are H in. long. Some interesting experiments were recently iniMJe as to the air pressure in bicyclu tires. As the bicycle stood alone the pressure on the front tire was 9 lb. and on the rear tire 26 lb. When the rider mounted the increase in the pressure in the front wheel was not perceptible, while in the rear wheel it was less than half a pound. The rider weighed 175 lb. If the human being possessed strength as great in proportion as that of shellfish the average man would be able to lift ihe enor mous weight of 2,970,000 lb., pulling in the same degree as a limpet And if the man pulled in the eanie proportionate degree as the cockle he would sustain a weight of no less than 3,100,500 lb. For a really original method of dealing with 'drunk and incapables' we must turn to Turkey. There the punishment for the first offence is the bastinado, the second and third offences are followed by chastisement, but alter the third offence the offender becomes ' privi leged ' and is entitled to bo carefully taken home by a policeman. JVL Peace, an ingenious Frenchman, has pro posed a novel way of reaching the Pole. On the assumption that the Pole is surrounded by open sea, ho suggests that it ought to be pos sible to outdo Kansen by taking a long dive in n, submarine boat from the edge of the land of icebergs. . He would come up occasionally to take air, dive under obstructing icebergs, and blow up anything that he could not go under or get over. Did anybody ever dream that in Scotland, of all places in the world, there are signs and. tokens yet remaining of the days when men kissed their bands to the suu and worshipped it '! Yet Balgreen, in Perthshire, is thu town of the Suu ; Grenach, in the same county, is the Field of the Suu ; and the River Oreeuan is the Sun's River. Even Grceuock was once (and is still to philologists) the Knoll of the Sun, and Gianton is the Sun's Fire. An enquiring scientist has made a pe culiarly interesting report on the results of a long study of the various kinds of fear to which children are subject. It Beenis that thunder and lightuiiig cause terror to more children than any other one thing, and fol lowing in the order named come reptiles, darkness, fire, death, domestic animals, disease, wild nuimals, water, ghosts, insucU, rats and mice, robbers, and high winds. The late Sir B. W. Richardson is credited with the following curiouB information on suicides : — The rate of suicides is highest in the last four days of June and lowest in Feb ruary ; more common among Protestants than Roman Catholics, and rarest among the Jews. It increases with education and bpreada with railways and telegraphs. More men than women are swayed by its influence and the average of suicides is set down at twelve in every 100,000.. According to an ex-sergeant of police, detec tives detailed to look after shopiiftere, pick pockets, and 'professionals' of that class always look to see if their suspects are wearing giovee. A 'professional' never works witn hit; gloves on. A detective caught eight of one of these men whom he knew in a street the other day, followed him up quickly, only to come to a sudden halt as he reached the man. 'He is all right now— lie is not working,' he said ; ' he has his gloves on.' The diary of the laraous Baron Fried rich von der Trenck, which purports to be written with his own blood whilst a prisoner at Magdeburg, was recently on sale. It is inscribed on 200 pages of an interleaved Bible (presented to Trenck in 1760 by the Princess Anialie, eister of Frederick the Great), and includes, besides a number of poems and letters, various social, political, and philosophical treatises, and a history of the prisoner's life, whioh ended in 1791 on the guillotine. He was condemned to death by Robespierre as a secret agent of foreign Governments. Spiders are not generally popular creatures with either sex, yet a lady writer affirms that they can be made into the 'dearest little pets in the world.' She tells how she collected j a common or garden spider and kept the sweet lady under a glass tumbler for three weeks. She watched her 'building her house of snowy eilk' and raising a family, and, says the writer, 'she Boon learned to take flies from my hand and drink water from a leaf which I gave her freshevery day.' There «e, indeed, aooording to this lady, few things bo agreeable as a spider, whether regarded as an architect^ a thing of beauty, a slayer of pests, or a household pet. Some toys of English make were Bhown at a late meeting of the Technical Committee of the Cambridge Town Council. The toys in question were made hy peasants of Wilts and Dorset in the long winter evenings, and as muoh as 30s. a week is now being earned by the raatio manufacturers, for the toys fetch good prices. So struck were the committee by the toys that a resolution was carried thataol&ss; for instruction in toy-making be started forth with at the Technical Institute for the good of the county. A skilled workman has declared that only six ineipensive took are required, and that 10 hours' instruction ought to suffice for the veriest dunderhead. ii l- ''??'?. '? 7 . ' 