?V\''a&.bJBMsr#:i'' Tfce Stwy ofa Staler. , / BY EDNA LYALL. CHAPTER XXXIV. '(Continued.)1 .- Old Goody will be glad to heat that -,her propheoy has come trae, and that I vras' the one to lay tbo ghost,' one thought to heraolf, with, a omilo, oo oho turned to leave tho building, ond then a remembranco of that paot timo whon lier loTor had otood besldo hor in tho ?bright spring morning, when oil tho world had teemed fall of bliss, brought the. teare to her eyo8 ; and as ohe crosaod ' the park, she cried quietly but. very bitterly m she thought of the hopeless gulf that now stretched between them. ?? The children told legends most of the way baok to Guildford, and neither Mollle nor little Brido guessed, her trouble ; but Una knew all about it in ?pit* of the dim light, and the dung to her friend with that pathetio, loverllke devotion which amused and yet deeply touehed Doreen, \- She is thinking of Max Hereford/ thought the ohild to- her*elf. ? There ie .very little I can do far her, but I will be to her what Slebel waa to Margherita' ; and all through the drive a phrase from Siebel's song rang in her ears, — . 'IotiaMpfaW'amlooalcuor.' ? ' -Th«.j»ea* day the separation took plaoe. Una, i» eh&rge; of a homely and eessibla. German nurse, and with her violin master in attendance, was dee* patched to Bay allo nntU May j and Do reen,£teUng like anything but a' strong xnlnded woman,' took leave. of the.calld ren and started for Ireland by the night But her spirits rote when, after a night et woe oa the Irish Sea, she stepped on Ahore at Kingstown just a* the day was breaking. Many other things had failed her, but her drcam.of working, for Ire land was to come true; andrindeed, bo fore many houro . had pabsed', oho found herself .ostabliohod at a desk In the offloo of the Land League in Upper Sae&viUe; Street, laboriously entering upon & ohoot of white ruled f oolsoap cortoin- entnoa under the following heads : — 'County. .Porioh. Landlord. Dioburcer . of Grants. Obcarvotioao.' The obcorvationo came oo a sort of bokne douche Qttho ond, and woro oome times intorootingf Thoy conoioted chielly ot the amount of reliof givon to tho ton ante, tho nomo of tho person who could beat supply information, dotailo of how to reaoli out-of-the-wey placoo by rail, boat, and oar, and now and thon a re mark that ouoh and ouoh a tenant hod been' coneiderod unworthy of relief,, and that tbo case should be closely inquired Jnto. - After about a week of offico work, oho was ? allowed, to her great doli&ht;, to travel into a romoto part of Donogal- where they aucooodod in oupplyinc huto to some of tho mioerablo pcoplo who hud been ovictod. Sho had nove? boforo witnessed anything liko tho doplorablo condition of thooo poor f olio w-oouo isy men of hors, their indoooribablo sago, their hcK- otarvod loo!;. Ao fas co obo could mate- out, thoy lived principally in the hard tfcO3 upon oou-wcad, Ind;oa meal being, accounted a luxury for feuti vals. Surely holp wao nvcontly domon , dad for pooplo in ouch extremity 1 Thoir ' patient onduronco notoDiahod hor, 'Vioit- ?' ing one of tho mioorablo cabino, from which the tenanto woro ospootcd chorCly to .00 oviotod, oho dqw that tho bed elothoa for a family of oix ohildron oon alstod only of a coaplo of old oaoko. * How do Moy kcop warm thooo bittor coldnigutor' olio cokod, pityingly. ?X)bh! thin, lady, yo ccothoro'o a dalo o' warmth, in childron,' oaid tho motkor with a patient omilo on her thin face. Thoro might bo a ' dale o1 warmth,' but there was noimuoh strength im the onildten, as DorM*. speedily discovered. . She Bad1 tung a bright, - oheery song to them, t* the huge* delight of all. ' 4 Now you tXng tome/ she said. ' Let me bear yon stag* l God save Ireland.' ' And th»y trfctf obeaiently, but the pof-r littto half-starved children could not manage even one song- and Doreen went away with tears in her eyes, re fleotlng that oven* Jenny Llnd on a diet of cea-trood might chance to lote her volco. Still, bitterly aa she felt the oruol onfioringo of the people uider the. pre cont oyotota of landlordism, she could not always agree with- all that waii said at the varioaa indignation meetings got upjby the Ladleae' Land League, nor could they ever ibdooe her to'spesJr.; ? I have not come to talk,' she always replied, when, urged to take part in de noonoing the Govwmnunt. .'I havo come to. see and to help the people.1 And her practical help proved bo prompt and satisfactory and carafnl that they were obliged to take1 her at her word and believe that sto had no gift for public speaking. , . One evening, when ehe waa talkiog by the fireside to Donal Moore's wife, while his little son sat eo: her knee making impressions en hie plump am with that same eaal. which she had played with at Ox; time of bet lather's anett, the door, opened and one of the etcrttaries of^ihe League entered. «MJse O'Byaa,' she aald when *? greetings were over, *I have oometo aakif you will go'down to the aonth with me this evening, I have just z» oeived newt that some most harsh avia tions are to. take plaoe to-monow-mern,« Ing on Mir. Hamaa'a estate, and the only, chance of preventing 'them is to go, o^ at bnoe by the 7.45. I think yon can do good- serviee. Will you come with me P ' Ooreen gave a ready eonsent, and it waa arranged that she should meet the secretary at Eingabxidge, in time for tho train. Although she could not nncak in publio, sho was & very practical and uaefal assistant, being well uoad to travelling, underotonding tho rroyb b£ tho country, and poaoeaeing that cheor* f ul buoyanoy of naturo that tello co , much in a campaign. * You look ao pleaood as though you had recoived high promotion,' oaid Mro. Mooro, whon thoy woro once more loft alone, . . ... ' ' It is oxaotly what I like bast,' said Doroen, ''and coming at ths end of Eovoral day a of doolc work, it io all tho more delightful. One payo for it aftor wordo, though, in tho dreadful momorloo atampod on cue's brain. Thoro cro ocenee in Dtraogal that I can nevor for got oo long co I livo,--:tho hopolooo mioory of tho pooplo, tho woy in whiob , for yeora nnd yoaro, it hno bo&n; mad^ oimpiy iapoaoiblo for them to otrngglo on to bottor things. I don't wondor thot thero boo boon.dicordor and orimo tho only marval io that do many havo boon found to ortduro1' bruvoly. Ttoy couldn't havo dono it but for the unoon' quoroblo hopo thot ono 6?ay thif horrible oyat-jm of landlordiom oholl bo abolished. Thoy couldn't hovo otrugglod oa with aacb dtsporate pationco had. it not been for thoir otrong faith that thoro io a God who will, aomohow, bring good out of oil thooo centurioo of ovil.' Ao oho opoko, oho had boon softly coreoaing tho littlo ohild'o shining curia. Ho drow hor hand down, and preosed it tv liio lips, with a pretty, graoious littlo gcaturc. ' Doar hand 1'- he oaid, in a tone which aade them both otnile. 1 That child is jaat like a lover to you,' coid Hro. Moore. « Bridget dot a lover what walks on Sundayo/ nsidl tho littlo boy. - Havo 'oo dot a lovor ?' She ohook her Bead, \- Z buy 'oo one on 'oo next blifdey/he said generoualy. : '? .' '.' '; ,~. She laughed, and carried him off 'with' her while she got ready' for the trainy and Mrs. Moore gheard her ainglng to' him, aa she paoked her bag ;— ' Far he wanderod, t we he wandered, But hla epirito foundjno xeit; For hla thonj(ht3 uoro eyor turning lt- tho groon Iale-in the Weft 'All hla travels, all his travel!. Over kind and over tea, Mado bio heart more soft and tender To Ireland and to me/ CHAPTER XXXV. ' Wo must net fall, wo must not fall. Borreror frond or forco assail j i By honour, prido, and polioy, By Hcavon itcolf i— we must be free. '?' We-tDok cho otarrinu poosanf 8 mite ' : To-ald in winniDj? baok bio might. j Wo took the priceless trust of yoath % Thoikfeosdom must redoom our truth. ' Wo promisod loud, and boasted high, ' To break our country's chains or die' j And.ohould T7a quail, that aountey'a namo Will be tho synonym of oharao. . . ' But— cabs, my soul 1— ire promised true Her dostinod' work our land shall do; Thought, couropte, patience will prorail ' We ohallnotfttU— wo shall not fail!' THOMAB i-AV10. ' Curled; nf Ul1 the' corner of a railway carriage, with' her fur cloak closoly wrapped- about her,- Doreen fell asleep 'that rifgnt, cad dtaamt comforting draams of Mask It waa somewhat dreary to wake in a badly lighted ata itfon, td-atamJUe oat eleepily in the small hoanyfttid to* have*, to superintend thV conveyance of the hats, whiob, ail ready, for erection; were being brought to these forlorn people In the sou*. There wsa littie4hepe that the evictions could be prevented^ but they hoped, by making a Tetjr early etart In the morning, to get to the plaoe before the BOb-sheritt, and warn the people. Unluckily, at the last inoment, there-was* some little delay In getting a car; ondi to their great annoy ance, whon, in tho faint morning light, thoy net ott on thoir bleak drive of thirteon miloa, thoy found- that the oub BhoriQ hed gos tho otart of'thcjat- Qqcom' ponied by bio boiliiTo, ond attended by q forcD of oixty polio o. Tho coantry, with ito low etdno wolla and dreary otrotohoo of bo^, looked do oolato indood, and tho pioroing wind modo Doroon ohiver from head to foot. TLo thought of wholo fomilioa boing turned out of thoir homes in ouoh bittor wcathor raked a otorm of indignation in he: heart. If only thoy could manago to rooiof; but it waa littlo likoly that tho pooplo would bo proparod, and, though tho unfortunate dolay in otarting thoy seomad to havo loot their golden opportunity. ? If ye could bat go as the crow flies, ma'am,' oaid their jolly- looking car man, ' it would be foine and oaoy to bate tho oub-ohoriff ; but ye can't drivo an outoido car through a river.' .* Io thero thon a ohort out in that dir ection ?' coked tho older lady, looking down at tuo rivor whioh flowed lazily olonjj to the right ofi tho toad. \- Shuro, thin, 'tio but & mile through yondor fioldo till yo como to Mnurico Mooney'o farm, but by tho road its fivo mi loo round intirely.' ' May bo thoro io a ford,' a aid Doroon oa^orly. ? Stop ond lot uo aok 6hat man who io coming along.' The man, a rod- haired, hungr- -look- ing follow, whoao giant ououlUoro wero' plainly vioiMe through the grt-at holoB in nio ragged shirt and oo&t;, ropliod thai ttioro certainly trtto a ford whoro o man might orooo Cue riven woll enough. ? Could you cacry c lady acrouo ?' oaid tuo ooorctary. 'Tflo miiQ looktia clublouoly ut nia ragt). He repliud thut no could do ii- easily onough if tuo ludy dooirod it. ? Let mo go, pruy, lot mo yo,' ouid Doreon, npriuging down ; and bor coin puuion roileoting that olio woo lit^hlb?, and likoly oloo to walk more briukly, gavo pormiaaion, and bade tho ccr-man to drive on. As for Doreen, she scram/ . ,-. '.'? - bled : ove'rthe'etohe wall, /ran dbwn the* . ^ |*rMsy bank- and fervently hoping.' thai ... .; ; °. Ifie red-haired knlghverraatf was sure-; . . * . . footed, btgai to contider how sho wai ; ? tomouttt'his'baokt , '. '?-. !.S'-''£ ?'? V:., ?..??. : ..; He stooped gallantly,: and shakin|V* ,S. ?' with laughter she scrambled' up.aa.besV :' '. . ahe could; then with a horrible lurch; ,. her bearer rote;- and stepped- cautiously ?'.? *-V- ? down into'thb- rivers ? ? ' -J ' ? , . 'You aro llko- St. Christopher^' ehe' ' . - 8oid. ? Ho opent a- groat part of his life, . ' . ; you know, in oarrying travellers orsa'a river, r want to reach Maurice Moon-* ey'e farm to* wain hint' that the sub sheriff is coming:' (to b» coUxiirtJinJ).- ' . 