: The Christian. JJY HALL CAINE, ' ; Aoriiblt'op" "Tjui JIassm-w?.": THIRD BOOIC. —THE D E VI L'S ACRE. VII; "Glenfabn, The Oilan. "Oh, gracious- and grateful friend, at length' ye" have remembered the existence of the 'poor, lone crittur' living in dead-alive land! Only that I lack gall to make op pression bitter I should of course return your belated epistle by the dead letter office, marked ' Unknown' across your 'Dear Glory/ there being no longer anybody in these regions who has a plausible claim to that dubious title. But, alas, I am hot my own woman now, and with tears of sliamc l acknowledge that any letter from London comes like an angel's whisper that is breath ed to ine through the air. I dare say you have been unreasonable enough to think that I ought to have written to tell you of my arrival, and knowing that man is born to vanity as the sparks fiy upwards I have more than once intended to take pen in hand and write, hut there "is something so sleepy in this island atmo sphere that my good resolution lias hither to been a stillborn babe that has breathed but never cried. "Know, then, that my journey hither was performed with due celerity aud no further disaster than befulls me :wlien,.ns usual, I have done those tilings which I ought not to have done, and left undone those things which I ought to have 'done, -the former in this instance' having reference to various iouts of crying which drew forth the sym pathy of a compassionate female uharper in the train, and the latter to the cateli of my satchel, which, enabled that obliging person to draw forth my embroidered pocket handkerchief in exchange. ."I was ill good time for the steamboat" at Liverpool, and it was crowded, according to it's wont, with the" .Lancashire ' lads and hisses in whom affection is as contagious as the mumps. Being in the dumps myself on sailing out of the river, and thinking of the wild excitement with which I lmd sailed into it, 1 think I should have found that I had not done crying in both senses, but for the interest of watching an amiable Bob llrierly, who, with his arm about the waist of the person sitting next to him, kept look ing nrouud at the rest of the world from time to time with the. innocence of one whose left hand didn't know what his right hand was doing. But we had hardly, crossed the bar when the prince of the powers of Abe air began to oiivy the happiness of these dear -young goo dies, and if you had seen the weather for the next four hours you would have agreed that the devil must have had a hand in it. .Up came a wave over- the after quarter, and down went the passengers below decks, staggering and screaming like brewery rats, and then on we came like the Israelites out of Egypt on eagles' wings. Having lost my own sea legs h litUe, I thought it prudent to go down with my doggie tucked under my ami, and finding a berth in the ladies' cabin I fell asleep and didn't awake until we were on the cross" current just off- the island, when, amid moans and groans and other noises, I heard the tearful voice of a sick passenger asking, 'Is there any hope, stewardess?' . life train got to Peel as the sun was set- ing behind the grim, old castle walls, and when I mw the dear little town again 1 cropped half a tear, and even felt nn insane desire to run out to meet it. Grandfather as at the station with old Caesar and the f. ' ®ISe' a"d when I had done kissing failL-: done pantingand puffingnnd V;. "s. nouscnse as if I had been Queen mil the Empress of the French i m MO, I could have cried to see I "nd feeble lie bad become since dint i . a.wa' could not get oft' imme- hn ! J' ,.,'.n '""simple joy nt my return ww i?V , everybody and everybody m>« f n allti tile dear old Pharisee mnrtf , ' "k his trumpet so often in the men fl ? rCi l'mt ',e m,'sht have Glory of to Pin - I ,lousht we should never get up f'mt night. When wo did so at rat? n i .I iumt'es- wore waiting at the serin .J ! broke into exclamations t... 'tt ,'lt she grown tall? Look nt aunlii.ni"! sllc' now-' Whereupon the well' t ",p tllcil' l'arable with,' .'Well, Safari' « 'c. Aw well, now! Well, ye I had k; ,"m-Vrth9L.timo X-got through Was as r Sf Overyhody n dozen times, and limn . 0Ver t!i.e c>'e3 as a grouse, first fivn o wen t into tlic house, and for the comet",'"!11111?, 1 couldn't tell what had 'dmo-in r? to mac 60 small rooms hmi ,U w«sU3t.us if thewalls of the somplm 1? eowa a'concertina there '""i suddenly shut them. But the landinl !lg olooh clucking away on Traddle- " there was Sir; Thomas ikem wore tK m8 " the dearth rug, and "od the nn m " 6ainc P'atca on the dresser, Pkce mi ',?f ,u?p of Africa over, the fire- "The mon?, "where my father died. I wont to l.n/i n!8|.st,cnil'e on t'! sea when in the morall? n,Bht' "n.d 1 eotuP and a erow i t sun was ohining on it, and I hoard will(low, cawing, w'f on the natn. Ahmmin8r to him- 8Pe)l in London ?w" And after my long ' ""d my railway journey of . i Porebasod ThtUate10 Victori» ha» the day before, it was the same as if I had , as'edP in a Sale on the high seas and awakened in a quiet harbor somev/licre. So here I am back at Glenfaba,in my old little room, with my old little lied, and everything exactly as it used to be, And 1 .h?gfn to, believe that when you went into that monastery you only just got the start of me in being dead. There used to be a few people m this place, but now there doesn't seem to be a dog left. All the youngsters Imve gone foreign,' and all tiie oldsters have gone to—' 'goodness knows which.' Sometimes we hear the bleat of sheep on the mountains, and sometimes the scream of seagulls overhead, and sometimes we hold a convocation of ail living rooks in tiie elms on the lawn, "\Vc take no thought of the morrow, what we shall eat or what we shall put on, and on Simdnvs when the church bell rings we go out like the Israelites in the wilderness in clothes which wax not old after 10 years, though they may bo a little out of fashion.' Ml!?1!? n!ie r?st week we watch tiie blue buttled knocking then heads stupidly against the ceiling, and listen to tile grass hoppers whispering in the grass, nnil fall asleep to the bum ot the bees, ami awake to the hee-haw. of old NeUiw's 'caiiury' (donkey! -buck is the dead alive life we live at Clenfnba, and the days of our years arc three score years and ten, aud if— o-hdr! (a yawn). . J «. '/,iiUP,i08?.i.fc '2 bn8,cli' ."ngrateful of rac to talk like this, for the deiir place itself is Jo\ eiy enough to disturb one's nope o£ para- discv and this very morning is as fresh as the dew on the grass, with the larks singing above, and the river singing below, and clouds like little curls of foam .'hovering over the sea. And as for my three dear old dunces, who love me so much more than I deserve, I am 'ashamed in my soul when I overhear them planning good things lor me to eat and wild excitements for me to revel in, that 1 may- not lie dull, or miss the luxuries 1 am accustomed to. '"Do you know, I'm afraid Glory doesn't care so much 'for pilij-ane after all/ I heard grandfather whispering to Aunt 'Anna one morning, and half an hour afterwards he was reproving Aunt Rachel for pressing me too bard to scrve.at the soup kitchen. . Govern me like a child m pinafores, and of course Jike a child 1 revenge hivselt by governing nil the house. But, oh, dear, oil, dear, gone are the days when I could Jive on water gruel and be happy in a go- cart. xcs, the change is in me, not in them or m the old home; mid what is the good of turning back the clock when tiie sun is so stubbornly keeping puce! 1 might be happy enough at Ulenfaba; still if 1 could only bring back the days when the garden trees were my gymnasium, and I used to rock myself and sing.Iifcc a bird on a bougli m the wind; or when I led a hand of boys to rob .our own orchard — a holddecdfor which 'Bishop' Anna oft times launched at me .and at all her suifragaus her severest censure; it wns her slipper I remember. But 1 -can't run barefoot all day long on the wet sand now; with the salt spray blowing in my face; and a young lady ot one and twenty seldom or never rushes out to play dumps and buggy-mug in public with little girls of 10. . "As a result, my former adventures are now limited to careering on the back of little Caesar, who has grown so ancient and so fat that lie waddles like an old duck, and riding Mm is liking working your passage. So I coulinc myself to- sitting on commit tees, and being sometimes sat upon, and rubbing the l-unes for grandfather and clean ing the milk pails for Aunt Anna, and even such holy-kill-times us going to church regu larly and watching Neilus when he is pass ing round' the plate after 'Let your light so slime before men' — light to his practical iu- tellcct being clearly a syjioilyui for silver in the shape ot' three-penny bits. . "But, oil, my! 'Oh, -my! I am a dark character iu this place for all that. The dear old goodies lu\vc never yet- said a syllable about my' letter announcing that 1 had gone over to the enemy (i.e., Satan and the music hall), and there is n dead hush in the house us often n3 the wind of conversa tion veers round in that direction. This is nothing. though to the white awe in the air when visitors call, and I am questioned as to how I earn my living in London. I hardly know whether to laugh or cry at the long drawn breath of relief when I wriggle out of a tight place without telling u lie. But you can't hide nn eel in a "sack, and 1 know the truth will pop' out one of these days. Only yesterday I went district visiting with Aunt Rachel, and one of the Balaams, of life, wlio keeps a tavern for iisiicrmen, lured us into his bar parlor to look at a portrait of 'Gloria' which lie had cut out of an illus trated paper, and pinned up On the wall, 'be cause it resembled me so much!' Oh,- dear! Oil, dear! I could have, found it in my heart to brazen it out on the spot at tins sight of my evil tame, but when I saw poor little Auntie watching me with fearful eyes, I -talked away like a mill wheel, and went out thanking God tlint- the rest of the people -of l'eel were not as other men arc, or even as'tliis publican. ' " I . have been getting newspapers myself though, sent by my friend Rosa, and as long us the mis-reporters concerned themselves with my own doings and failures to do, and licil. as tenderly as an epitaph about my dis appearance from London, I cut them up and burnt them; blit .when they forgot me and begun to treat of otlierpedple's triumphs I made Neilus my waste paper basket, on tiie understanding that the papers were to go to the fishermen just home Iroiu Kin- i=ale. Then from time to time ho told me thev were 'Goin' round, Miss, goin' round/ and gave me other assurances of 'the greatest circulation, in the world,' which was li'iie enough , certainly, though the old thief omitted to say it was at the paper mills, where they were being turned' into "Wt lieigho! I don't, need newspapers to remind me of London. Like St. Paid 1 have a. devil that beats mo with fists, and as often as a clear day comes and one can see things a long way off, ho makes me climb to the top of.Slicu Whallin (a mountain in Alan), that I may sit on the beacon by the hour and strain my eyes for a glimpse of Eng land, feeling like Lot's wife whea she looked back on her old home, and tlieu coming down with a heavy heart and a taste or tears in my mouth as if I had been turned into a pillar of salt.. Dear old Loudon! But I suppose it is going on its way just ns it used to do, with its tides of traffic and its crowds and carriages, and wandering! .merchants and' hawkers crying their , wares, and everything the same, just the same, although. Glory .isn't there! "Ihad to interrupt tiie wvitingcri mi-Tet ter this morning owiug to an alarm of ill ness seizing grandfather. He had boon taken with a stuldcn faintness. -Of course wo sent for the doctor, but before he ar rived, the taintuess had passed, so lie looked wise nt ns like a prize riddle which had to be guessed before his next visit, left us his autograph (a wonderful luevogfvphie) and wont away. ' fcuicc then grandfather has been lii -thc liauds of a less taciturn prac- .titmiiei' whom he culls the 'flower of Glen fabn (that s me!), and after talking non sense to him all day and playing chess with him all night 1 have putfiiin to heel laugh- ing, and come hack to my own room" to finish my- letter with- an easier mind, l-'or the last half hour the aurora has been puis- mg in tiie northern sky, and I have been thinking that the glorious phantasmagoria must bo tlio sign oi a gale m heaven, just as sleet and mist und black wind are the signs of a gale on earth. But it lias tripped oft into nothingness, and only the dark night is left, through which the dogs nt Knockaloo are keeping up their private cor respondence with tiie dogs at BoJlaiuoor, by the medium of their nightly howl- "Oil, dear! Only 10.30! And to know that, while we are youig to bed by coimtrv hours, with nearly everything still and dead around its. London is just beginning to be stir itself! When I lie down and trv to sleep I shall see the wide squares, with their statues of somebody inside, and the blaze of lights over the doors of the theatres and all the tingling life of the great and wonderful city. Ugh! It makes one feel like one's own ghost wandering through the upper rooms -and. across the. dark 'landings, and hearing' the . strains of the music and the sounds of the dancing from the ball room below stairs. .' "Rut my goodness! (I can still swear on that, You see, .-and not be foresworn). What s the odds if you're jolly? and "I alius -is! How's your dog?. Aline would write you a letter, only her heart is mori bund, and if things go on as they arc doing sha must set about making lier will. In fact, she is now lying at the foot of my bed thinking matters ont, and bids me tell you that after various attempts to escape Home Ride, not being (like her mistress! one of those natures made perfect through suifer- ing. she is only 'kept nlive by the force of her own volition' in tiiis house, tliat is full of old maids aud has nothing -better in it than one old eat, and he isn't worth hunt ing,' being destitute of a tail. Naturally she is doing her bcBt (like somebody else) to keep herself unspotted' from that world which is a source of "so much temptation, hut she is hound to confess that a little 'divilment' now aud then would help her to take a more holy and religious view of life. "I 'wish you liappy' in your new enter prise, but if you are going in for being the champion. of woman iii this world ot her wrongs, I ivurii you not to be too pointed in your moral, for there is a story here of a handsome young cm-ate who was so particu lar in the pulpit with 'Lovest thou me?' that a lady followed him into the vestry, aud admitted that she did. Soberly, it is a great and noble effort, and I've half a mind to love you for it. If men want women to be good, they will be good, for women dance to the tune that men like best, and always have done so since the days of Adam, not forgetting that gentleman's temptation, or yet his excuse, about 'the woman Thon ga- vest me,'- which shows he wasn't riibch of a husband, anyway, though certainly he hadn't uracil choice of a wife. "My love to dear old Loudon!- Sometimes I have liuif a mind to skip off and do my woo ing myself. Perhaps I should do so ouTy that Rosa writes that- she would like to come and spend her summer holiday in Peel. ' Haven't I told you about Rosa ? blie's the lady jour nalist that Mr. Drake introduced me to. But let's to bed. Said Sleeov HeaiL "GLORY. "P.S.-r-Important. — Ever since I left Lon don I liave been tormented with the recol lection of poor Polly's baby- i She pud biin out to nut'aifc3wi'tbsithti'iMi«.,i.rui>e'i3!bli5thelfl-| of, and that person put biui.out td'souie- bodv else. "While the mother lived I had no business to. interfere, but I can't help thinking of the luotlierlcss lirite now, and wondering what has become of Iiini.- I sup pose that, like Jesliurim, he waxetii fat and kioketh liy this time, yet it would be the act of a uian and a clergyman if anybody would take up my neglected duty uud make it his business to see that there is somebody to love the poor. child. Jits. Jiipe's ad- ilmco ie S.\ Tl»r» TJf.Hi> Turnstile. «roinc from Holborn into Lincoln's Inn Fields/' vin. It was on a Saturday morning that John Storm received G loir's letter, aiul on the evening of Ike same day he set out in search of Airs. Jupe's. The place was not'easy to find, and when he discovered it'at length, lie felt a pang at the thought that Glory herself had lived in .this dingy burrowing. As he was going up to the door of tlic little tobacco shop, a raucous voice within was saving, "That's -what's doo on thebyeby, and till you, can py up , you needn't he n- kciiimin 'ere no move. ' At the next mo ment a voiing woman crossed him oil the threshold. ' rihe was a little, slender thing, looking like a f.'ower that lias been broken by the wet. He recognised her as the girl wlio hod nursed the baby in Crook-lane on the Uav of his first visit to Soho. She had been erring, and to bide bor swollen eyes she dropped her head at passing, and he saw her faded . ribbons . and soiled straw A woman of middle age behind the coun ter was ciitlscving to his clerical attiro, and a little girl at the door of an inner room was looking at him out of the corner of her eyes, with head aslant. "Father Storm, f think, sir. Come in, and set you down, sir. Mind the shop, 13oo-hoo. My 'tishaud 'as told me about ye, Sir. "You'll know 'im nt onct, Lidjer/ 'e sez, siz 'e. No, 'e nint 'ouio from the club yet, but e might be a-kemmiu' iu any time now, Sir." John Storm had seated himself .in the little dark parlor, and wns looking round and thinking of Glory. "No matter; my business is with you, Airs. Jupe," lie an swered, and at that the twinkling eyes and fat checks which had been doing their best to smite took on a look of fear. "Wot's the' matter?" she asked, and she closed the door to the shop. , "Nothing, I trust, my good woman," and then he explained his errand. 1 Airs. Jupe listened attentively, and seemed to lie asking herself who 'had sent him. "The poor' young mother is dead now, as you may know and " "But the father nint, said the woman sharply, "and, begging your pardon, sir, if 'e wants ter know whore the byebv is 'e can come 'isself and not send somebody eke." "If the child is well, my good woman, and well cared for " "It is well beared for, and it's gorn to a pussou I can trust." "Then what have you got to conceal? Tell me whore it is and " . "Not me! If it's 'ecs child, and 'c wants it, let 'im py for it, aud interest ep ter dite.. xlient swells is too fond of gcttfn' parsons to pud their chestnuts out uv the lire." ."If you suppose 1 am Uere'iu the interests of the father, you are mistaken, I do assure you. "Ow, you do, do yer?" . \- Matters hail reached tins pass .when the door opened and Air. Jupe caine in. Off weut his hat with a respectful salutation, but, seeing the cloud on his wife's, face,, ho abridged bis. greeting. The woman's apron was at, her eyes m nu instant. i . 3 SV'iu' H11'" he asked. John Storm tried explain, hut. the woman contented herself with crying. \\\ oil, it s like this, don't tchor see, father. Aly missus is that fond of childring - and it hi-i lies 'or 'cart . . ' ,\\\,sThc man a fool or a hypocrite? 'Ml'. Jupe/ said John, rising, "1'iil afraid your wife Has been carrying on an improper and illegal business." 1 "Now stou tliet, sir," said the man, wag ging his head. "I respects tiie Reverend Jawn btorui a good ileal, buhI respects Ali-s. Lidjer J upe a good deal more, and when it comes to improper and illegal bhriness— " 'Down t miud 'nn, 'Enerv/ said the wife, now weeping audibly. .'And down't you tyke on so, Lidjer/' said the husband, and they looked as if they were about to embrace. John Storm could stand no more. Going down the court ho wns thinking with- a pang ol Glory— that she had lived months in the atmosphere of that procuress aud impostor— when somebody touched his arm in the dark- ioss- R was, the girl. She was still crying. T rcekerlce -seeing you in. Crook-lane, sir, the day we christened my baby, and 1 waited, thinking p'rhaps you could help me."- . . ... ''Come this way," said John, and tValking by'lusside-kloiig tlie blank wan of Lincoln's Inn Fields, the girl told lier stOryi She lived ill one room of the clergy house at the back ot his church. Having to earn lier living; she had answered an advertisement in a Sunday paper, and Airs. Jupe had taken her baby to muse. It was true she had given up all elann to the child, but she could not help going to see it, the little one's .ways were so- engaging. Then she found that Airs. Jupe had let it out to somebody else. Only for her "frieiid" she might never have heard of it again. He laid found it by accident at a house in Westminster.' ft was a fearful place, where men went far gambling. The man who kept it lmd just been released from eighteen months' imprisonment, and the wife- had taken to nursing while Uie husband 'cms in prison. She was u frightful woman, and lie was a shocking man, and' "they knocked the children about erhel." , The neighbors heard screams and slaps and moans, and they were always crying shame. She hail wanted to-take lier own baby awuy, bat the woman would not give it up, because there were tlnee weeks' board ' owing, and she could not pay. ' "Could you take me to this house, my child?" "Yes, sir." "Then come round to the church after service to-morrow night. The girl's .tearful- face glistened like April sunshine. "And will you help me to get my little girl? Oh, linw good you are! Everybody is saying what a father it is that's come to ... . " She stopped, then said quite soberly, "I'll get somebody to lend me a 'shawl to bring 'or 'oine in. l'coplc say they pawn everything, and per haps the beautiful white perliee I bought for 'er . . . Oh, I'll never let 'er out of my sight again, never! "What is'yoiu- name, my girl?" . "Agatha Jones," the girl answered. It was nearly II o'clock on Sunday night before they wore ready to start, out on their errand. Meantime Aggie had done two turns at the foreign cluhs, mid John Storm had led a procession through Crown-street and been knocked down by a missile thrown by a 'Skeleton/ whom he declined to charge. At the corner of the alley lie stopped to ask Airs. Pinclier to wait up for Mm, and the girl's large eyes caught sight ''of r the patch of plaster above his temple. "Are you sure you want to go, sir?" she said. "There's no time to loose," he answered. The bloodhound was with In ill ; he had sent home for it since the attempted riot. As they walked towards Westminster she told him where she had beeu, and what money she had earned. It was 10s., and that, would buy- so many things for baby. "To-morrow, 1 11 get a cot for her— one of thosewickeroncs.iron is so expensive. She'll want a' pair o' socks' too, and by and. by she'll 'ave to be shortened." But John Storm was thinking of Glory. He seemed to be retreading the steps of her life in London. The dog kept close at his ; heels. "She'll 'a bin a month away now— a month to-morrow. I wonder if she's grow'd much— I wonder! It's wrong o' people let ting their childring go away from them. I'll never go out at night's again— not if I 'ave to tyke in sewin' for the slop shops. See this/ laughing nervously and showing a shawl- that hung on her arm, "It's to bring lier Tome in— the .nights is so chill for a byeby/t ... John's heart was heavy at sight of' these little preparations, but the young mother's face was radiant. (To be Continued.) 