Cycling. About 25 cyclists in Terowie. The membership of the N.A.C.C. now numbers neatly fifty. Probably a tandem or triplet will be on exhibition at the Petersburg oval on Easter Saturday. Local cyclists will be glad to hear that Mr T. P. O'Grady, the representative of the N.A.C.C. in Adelaide, is about again. Five started in the sweepstake on Saturday The limit man gave up the ghost at half a mile. Mr Richter had a 76 gear up on Saturday. He usually rides 80. A racing man is not always angry when he gets his back up. Mr and Mrs Nicholls, in their ride to Melbourne, averaged 118 miles per day of 24 hours. " Surrender ! Hands up !" shouted the bushranger. " Can't," answered the novice, " I'm only a beginner." Messrs Pinkerton, Edmonds, Bottril, and Gage (Petersburg cyclists) have entered for the events at Port Pirie to be run during Easter week. Edmonds rode well on Saturday. Ditto, Burgoyne. Pinkerton still holds the N.A.C.C. 10-mile record, with 26mins 18 1.5 secs. The pacing on Saturday a great improve- ment on former occasions. What's the matter with a local cycling carnival on 20th June ? The Terowie cyclists are moving in the matter of forming a local cycling club. A Danish invention is a bicycle with a frame built on entirely new lines and weigh- ing only 24lbs. The value of bicycle exports from Great Britain, whole or in portions, was last year a million and a half sterling. One of the newest cycles accessories for the fair sex is a toilet box, the object being to enable ladies to dismount and curl their fringes by the light of their lamps. Richter's fastest mile in the record was the 7th, 2mins 33 1.5 secs. Pinkerton's was the 8th, 2 mins 24 1.5secs, whilst Bottril made his fastest time in his first, mile, 2mins 36secs There are two things that it's never safe for one woman to recommend to another—a bicycle and a dressmaker. " Gone-a-cycling " is getting a rather common excuse for absence from church choirs. On a recent Sunday (says The Hub) more than half a dozen choristers were not in their places in a big North London church and it was stated that they were all spending their Sunday on wheels. At a meeting of the N.A.C.C., held on Monday evening, it was decided to hold a small cycling meeting at Petersburg on Easter Saturday, if the necessary arrange- ments can be made. Amongst other events it was proposed to include in the programme a half-mile record, to be paced by a tandem. RECORD-BREAK1NG Over a hundred persons assembled on the oval on Saturday afternoon to witness Mr A. W. Richter, of Orroroo, in his attempt to lower the N.A.C.C. 10-mile record. The weather, though not altogether perfect for record breaking on account of a slight wind blowing, was fair, and the pacing again showed an improvement. Mr Richter was unsuccessful in lowering the record, but, however, rode well, doing the ten miles in 27mins. 22 4.5 secs., a little over a minute behind Pinkerton's time. Great interest was taken by the spectators in the proceedings and the Orroroo rider met with a good reception. His times at the different miles were :—1st mile, 2mins. 33 3.5 secs ; 2nd, 2 mins. 42 4.5 secs ; 3rd, 2 mins. 41 4.5 secs ; 4th, 2 mins. 45 2.5 secs ; 5th, 2 mins. 50 2.5 secs ; 6th, 3mins. ; 7th, 2mins. 33 1.5 ; 8th, 2mins. 47 secs ; 9th, 2 mins. 42 secs ; 10th, 2mins. 44 3.5secs. Total for 10 miles, 27mins 22 4.5secs. Messrs Burgoyne (Orroroo), Edmonds, Pinkerton, Bottril, and Gage were pacemakers. Messrs B. F. Rushton, and J. McGuire acted as judges, Mr W. H. Hill as lap-scorer, Messrs J. Sharland and C. Earle as referees, Mr D. Roberts as starter, and Mr J. J. Bennett as timekeeper, all of whom carried out their respective duties with the greatest satisfac- tion. A one and a half mile sweepstake was also run off during the afternoon, resulting in a win for F. H. Edmonds (60 yards), with — Burgoyne, of Orroroo, 85 yards second. Time, 2mins 57secs. AV. Pinkerton, (scr), A. Richter (30), and W. Gage (100) also started. Messrs Morphett, Sharpe, and Bennett, the club handicappers, allotted the starts. 