THE FAITHS OF PRIMITIVE RACES." LECTURE BY THE REV. MR. FRODSHAM. The first of a series of lectures on "The Faiths of To-day" was given last night in the Cathedral School, George-street, (by the Kev. G. H. Frod- sham, M.A. In introducing the lectures, the speaker reminded his hearers of the existence of. a considerable number of men and women whose religions are non-Chris tion. It is usual to denominate all these people as "heathen," but what- ever may be said about the aboriginal blacks, the word cannot, unless much qualified, be applied to the inhabitants of China and India. There are to be found religious books older than the greater part of the Bible: institutions incomparably more ancient than the i British Constitution; and, in fine, na- tions, that were civilised when the Eng- lish were wandering half-naked savages on the steppes of Central Asia or fishing on the cold shores of the Baltics. De- velopment can be traced in religion as in everything else, and there is a vast dif- ference between the animism of Aus- tralasia or the fetichism of Africa and the lofty conceptions of the sacred books of India. The point, however, the lecturer wished to enforce was that behind the rough-hewn face of the black and the small, dark eyes of the China man is a human soul, needing and seek- ing after a divine reality, and that the God the Christians know is the God the non-Christians mean, however imperfect the 'conception and however stuttering i he utterance. Myths are of peculiar interest to the student of religion, as showing the early stages of "feeling after God." They are attempts made by the savage man to express his con- ception of powers transcending his own. The form of the myth is determined by the peculiar surroundings of the savage. The character of the power personified is a reproduction of savage character. The "black" makes the sun, the moon, or "Ghoon-yah," the Creator, speak and act exactly as he would speak and act if he was the sun, the moon, or "Ghoon yah." In parts like Australia, where droughts and floods are of frequent oc currence, the blacks conceived that things good for men are in the power of hostile forces, and they have confined their attention to the bad forces, who can do thom injury. The medicine men of the tribes had the power to pro- pitiate, or to "raise," these evil powers. At this stage there seems to be a turn ing-point in religions conception. The savage begins to apprehend that the various forces which he has personified as divine are working under some posterior force. Gorulasso de Ia Vega tells the story of an Inca prince who argued that if the sun was a free monarch he would walk aibout the sky as he liked, 'but as he went daily like a tame boast, something inore powerful must make him do so, and he accord- ingly raised au altar to the " Unknown God." The same point can be perceived in other savage myths. The aboriginal.! of Victoria used to believe that there . was once a time when the sun never went down, and the " blacks got tired," Unit a 'big medicine man, by incantations, forced the f.un to burn up his internal fiubstanco daily. Ile now goes down below the earth every night to gather fresh fuel. In the Maori myth the sun used to race through the sky at racehorse speed, but a great hero caught him and beat him so ¡badly that ever fiince the sun has limped slowly across the heavens. The difference between the Peruvian 'story and the Austral- asian myths is that the first made an advance and the others sank back into polytheistic or anthropoinorpic ex- planations. Tlie advance can 'be noticed in the early religion of India. ,The lec- turer went on to speak about "anim- ism," or the ibelief in the indestructible ncs of the spirit, which spirit the savage conceives can "bo found in a tree, or rock, or animal just as much as iu a man. This explains ancestor worship, belief in ghosts, fetichistn when the spirit of any particular deity is thought to inhabit the piece of wood or clay, "daubed with paint and orna- mented with feathers," which they wor- ship ; and totemism, when 'there '" is thought to be a kinship between men and animals and with inanimate objects. Some lantern slides of fetiches, burial customs, and'other savage religious cus- toms were ttirown upon a screen, and explained, so concluding the lecture. The subject of the next lecture will be "The Great Faiths of India-Ilin dooism and Buddhism." Y,7hc-n a man takes your hand wjth a firm, cordial grasp it is a sure sign that his heart ia full or his purso empty. A MOTHER'S TESTIMONY. Extracts from pnvate letter :-" J do not think I should be doinc my duty if I did not speak up for Bengor'B Food. It lias simply been the moans of brlnfjins my baby boy back to life." Benger's Food is most delicious, nutritive, and digestible. It is invaluable for Infants, Children, and the Aged. Sold by all tho leading chemists.-(Advt.) 