HUQMAN SACRIFICEDf. Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a do Ecrip'ion of vitis which he tas paid to Bcnin and to the African chief Rana's town. At one time Beain City was the celntre of the slave' trade, the Portuguese slavers being the pur chasers. Thel'ortuguese 'barracoons," or pits, were still to be sct na at Bouin. Mi. Swainson was the third whiteo man who had op to the time rf Lis firt visit been aren in Benin. The nam her of the Kina's bodyguard is eltogi.ther about 20-nll nLked, and each with a braes ring on one of Lis ankles. The King recrivad Mr. -wair son in s very friendly way, and also his pereoarnte of ri.k and cloth with equoal readiness.. T e King promised to do oall he could for trade,, but he would not remove the "JaJ J.," or fanaticalemcargo, from tbh copal and the gum. The King told Mr. Srwainson he was going to hold tone of his L.uman sacritices. and asked him if he would lilke to mse it. This Mr. twainson clcited, and he hurried out of the town, fear ing the safety of his own head. The sights that were witnressed by the Englishmen were of the moat revolting description. On one tree whicth had been trained for such purposes, a wiman had been crucified. This wae because there had been too mouch un for the crop, and to piropiliate the King;'s .lu Ju " the wcmati was tied ep, with bands and legs outoiretched, on the tree. The third time Mr. Swainsuon vesited this sepilcl.hral city wn in 1892 with Consul Captain Gallway. Dr. HICley, and Mr. Bulton, sai wtas to try nitd get tae King to sign a trreaty. The King kept hin risiha rwait ing two bours for the * palaver." This was to show his Royal dmguity. When be appeared he wen atrersed in a suit of coal.o ey hiecyu, uose, finger-tips, siu toos being visible, and so rigid was the garment that the King could neither stir nor do anything for himself. An immensi umnbrella was held over him. and fan. heaiers had all their work cut out to keep their cable ruler cool and the flies off. Eventually the treaty was signed. and then the King in rited the white ment to rse him " kill his father." This, it was explained, did not mean the cetatl murderof the former King, as he had been dead matny yearsbut it wars the snniversay of his death, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, andti " to lay the ghost," 18 men were killed. Captain Gallway not only declined the invitation, but told the King, thrucigh the inter preter, that such hotrible sacriirees would not be permittel in future. Whether the interpreter conveyed the full meaning of the words to the King could not be known.but the King laughed, and the matter endedl. The 18 men were killed atter the C'ommissioner had left. The mode of sacriices was most shocking. A rope was tied round the neck of the victim,the other end being fastened to the bough of a tree, wnich was bent by the weight. The hoad of the victim wao then cut off with a sword or large knife, end the bough of the tree flew back, hurling the head into the air,and allowing the body to fall to the earth. 