M ANDERS V. NORTON. LIBEL ACTION, Tiie action instituted by Albert Staines hlamloi's, of Sydney, against John Nort on, 1 editor of 7 hilli, to recot'cf' ' Compensation for llio publication of nn alleged libel. wns commenced on Monday in h.vilncj . The libel complained of consisted nf_ cer tain "coimuoiitg nindo ill respect of the "Diamond JtdiHee Carnival. Tho de fendant, from whom damages to the amount of .92000 nro claimed, Is charged with having lilrtilc iuiinUntliins about the plaintiff, wlio was tlio jlronlotor of the 'carnival, and tho necessity for somo person of good ropiitntion and standing hcingtho promoter and manager of fotca organised for tho bonolit of public olmrities, John Wilkinson was cnllcd, nnd said ho was ft stllit'llili1 qf Allitiry, nnd prcsidonl of (lie 5Icellnnics' fitslitillti there. In cross-examination witness sntil he recol lected blunders when lie was a resident of Albm'y. ltd was cli gaged, in connec tion with en exhibition hold there us nmnsgee. 5tr, blunders travelled through tiie country collecting exhibits, and the result was a profit of about £135 or £137 10s. Tho exhibition romainod open for two months. 5Ir. l.fnnders worked for nbotit. eiglit or nine months, nnd ho re ceived £92 and a benefit of £30, making the totitl £120. Tin, drr'aifgoiilcnt wns thnt Menders was to receive a per cent- ago on tho not nrn'.it 1 of tlio exhibition. At the close of tho exhibition ho iiisdo nil .estimated statomcut of tho probable profits, and lid bollovod lio stated tlmt they would |irobabiy nnfomil to about £500, am! whether or list llio Govern ment subsidy wero included in that esti mate when, ho made the stntomont ho did not know. Ho would not swear that lie said the profits would be about .£700. A balnncc- slioct had beou propnrcd. 5Ir. blunders remained in Albury after the exhibition. Thn commiUoo had givon him 0 testimonial. He signed it on be half of t he committea. In liis opinion the appointment of blanders to the commis sion of tho pcuco did not croatc a scandal. He wits aware that petitions wcro got up for and against his appointment. Mr, Norton thou went into the box. He said lie had known the plaintiir for yearn. He wan proceeding to givo evidence as to specific transactions when liis Honor ruled unit lie could only givo evidence ns to gonoriil bad cliariiel er. Defendant then said ho had learned both in Sydnoy and in Albury tlmt which caused htm to watch the pluintifil. IBs general reputation was had, vory bad. Mis reputation, to defend- mil's lainwlodgc, was tlmt for tlio last 8 or 9 years lie iiad I1c.n1 a sort of cliuritiiblo Chevalier d'liidnstric, a professional phil anthropist, a man wiio had no lawful visiblo means of support outsido those cliuritiiblo movements (hat he wiih con stantly promoting, His general reputa tion was and is that lie is a swindler, that lie is in ilobt to everybody, to dozeiiH of people in Albury, to scores of people in Sydnoy, Of defend nit's own knowledge, lint more particularly from ganeral ropnto, Menders was n llngi- antly dishonest man. He deemed it is duty- Mr. Wise objected. Mr. Norton, continuing, said tlio repu tation he Bpoke of was not relatively hut absolutely notorious. Manders' name in Allmiy was a term of opprobrium, blun ders increased his ban roputulion, if possible, by bis action in connection with St. blary's Australian Fair. George Arthur Thompson, mcrchnnt, of Albury, nnd ox-blnyor, said lie know blunders iu connection witli tlio Industrial Exhibition in tlmt town. Taking every thing into consideration, ho hardly thought the exhibition was ji'rolitnblo to the bleehanies Institute. It was blanders' duty to soe tlmt ail tho accounts wcro sent in to tho committee, but witness knnw some nccoiints cnino in after tiie plaintiff left tho town, blunders received moVol-dinunoriition than lib wns entitled to. blanders' general reputation at Albury wns not a very good 0110. lie should dc3cribo a ninn with blunders' reputation ns 1111 adventurer. His appointment to tlio magisterial bench was considered as unsuitable. Many of tho magistrates objected to it. Cross-examined by ble. Wiso— Except tlio sweep incident and tlio fact- that ho owed moiioy, he did not of liis own know ledge know anything against blunders' reputation. He concurred in tlio resolu- lionofa committee lieeliug giving blunders n testimonial. Ho did not suggest, tliut blanders misappropriated nay of the moiioy. Daniel Abbott, of Albury, un amateur athlete, said ho ki.cw tlio plaintilf. His reputation at Albiir/ was not too good. Frederick bVillintn Tietyens, solicitor, of Albury, said ho l.nuw the plaintiff. Ho regarded his reputation in two phases, lie did not soe tlmt any objection was tnken to his clmraclor until lie conducted a paper called TuMe Tall.'. He got into disremito in connection with 1 lw« nnnni- bl millers lost his reputation by matter uppenriug iu certain parts of the paper, which was low, scurrilous, and untruth ful. Cross-examined by Mr. Wise— He did not recollect Bonding paragraphs to Table Talk. He may have sent two nt the beginning, but that was beforo lie objected to tho character of tlio pujicr. It gradually dommoratcd. Francis Corlette, professional shorthand writer and journnliut, doposcil tliut ho was the writor of tlio ailogoil libel. Ho had known blandors for 18 years. He first knew Mnudors iu Melbourne. Witness wns nt the timo on tlio Melbourne Ifenihl and the Age; Ho would have to speak of blanders' reputation in very strong language. Among lircssmou ho was known as a — — Bcoundre). . Ho linil not spoken to blunders moro than two ortliroo times. He suggested the articles, nnd then he learuou that tiie sub- editor had previously talked the matter over with Mr, Norton, of which lie knew nothing. Mr. Norton— In fact; tho ghost of blanders wus haunting Truth, W. M. Sherrio, a journalist, part pro prietor of the Albury llmhjXme, deposed tlmt ho knew the plniiitilf. He knew liis reputation well.. . It was' thnt of- an ad venturer ; n parasile of sooioty. (Laugh ter.) :Mr. Norton — We nro gotting biological now. Witness (continuing) — Unfortunately, Iio had business transactions witli Mauiiers; his firm printed Table Talk for blunders, mid they held dishonored bills of blunders to the extent of £330. Me. Norton— And ure you prepared to garnishee the verdict lie may gut hero / (Laughter.)— Yes. Do you feel very joyful about it?— Not oxeessively so. Witlicss (continuing) : blunders had not threatened him witli a libel action. lie bad rapiiblislied tlio ulloged libel from Truth, . Cross-examined by Mr. Wise : His opinion of Mnndo-s iu liis capacity of editor of tlio Uuil;/ Newt wnn similar to tlmt which Iio hud given in the witness- box. Mr. Wiso road a highly laudatory para graph concerning the establishment in Albury of Mandoi-s' business of a tele graph agent, wliioh appeared ill the Daili/ New. Witness admitted the publication, lint explained that the- paragraph was writton by Manders himself. At llml timo tlioy know vory llttlo about Man.lers, and bail to talto him un trust. , Witness admitted "having written 11 paragraph concerning, the Aliinry Exhi bition, in which Manders wus eom'pii- immtcd. lie said lie roforrcd to Mauiiers thero simply us a showman. lie could not Ray how long 11 won after Manders want In Allniry that Slaadefa Was a para- silo of society. John Murray, a collector, living iu Kiug- stroot, deposed tlmt ho knew Mnmlcra in Melbourne about four years ago. His goncral reputation there was had.- Mr. Norton then closed his evidence for tlio dpfeiicS: Evidonco in reply was given as fol lows : — Richard Orongli, superintendent of polico, Albury district, deposed tlmt lie romombored blanders having been ap pointed 11 justice of tlio ponce. He re ceived instructions to inquire into the antecedents (Jf tlld defendant He made the inquiry. He iienril infilling ilgnlnsl blanders' character; ' add eniisequclllly endorsed tho rceoiniiienilntloii. E. W. O'.SiilliVitii, M.I'. fot Qucenlieyan, dopoHod tlmt lie bad known tlio plcifitill' for about 20 years. H11 knew Ilia repu tation pretty well for tlio Inst live years. So far as witness knew llio rojmlntion of tlio plniiilifl'wns'n good one.' Ilewns lint ftWare of blandors being n gambler. J. 51. (jllnntot, M.I', fur Dimiliqiiin, uoposod tlmt be was oil llio emmiiltloo of tlio Diamond Jubilee Gnrnifal. Mr. Mnmlcra. was appointed, general limpilgor of tlio carnival. -In 'eoiwoqiionco of stnteiiioiils made to him by Nolkin liu visited Allniry on behalf of llio commiltco of tlio carnival. I Id Spoilt lilt hour ill tlm tmvn, ami i'miilo inquiries, ns d feslllt of which bo made a report tu tin) commiltcn. He came to tlio conclusion thnt tlio writor of tlio articlo in 'Truth laid -been mis informed. Tim stntoimmlH made to him by Nolkin wero not Imrno out. by liis inquiries. Detective Iliads deposed in having known tho pluiiililf at Ailiilahle In 1887 nnd 1888, at tho time of tho exhibition thero. . Iio .regarded liis repnlalion as goad. To Mr. Norton : Witness hud been the subject of attnoks in Truth. IIo would swear tlmt Iio never threntoiied to givo Norton a good, hiding, hut iio lioliovod Norton find said lie Would ilefnnd Itliu self liy slionling hiiii it Iio did. William Miami, advertising agent, slated Hint Iio had known Mauiiers in Melbourne, and Ilia reputation wna good. He did not think Ilia plniiitilf had ever ilono any pencilling. Albert Rtaiaes. blunders, (lie plaintiff, deposed tlmt Im was in business for 21 years in Melbourne, He carried on llio Manders' Telegram Agency. lie went iasiilvont in Melbourne in 1888 ; at Hint lime flo Was In partnership witli liis brother. The insolvency wits citiiscd by partnership debts, from "which Iio thought ho was free. At Allniry ho slurtcil a tolegrapli ageney. Ilis cniiiieelioa witli tlio ltnliin llood sweeps was thnt lie should tilmmgu the advertising and printing, and get 25 per emit, of tlio profits, lie laid reprcaoiilativcs at all racecourses, lie left Allniry a month after tlio exhibition closed. Then I10 eamo to Sydney. The first, employment lie got in Sydney was in ciiiiiicction with tlio Australian Fair. Tlieii lie was appointed iimnager of tlio Diamond Jubilee Carnival. He produced testi monials from a large number of oxliilulnrs at tlio Adelaide Exhibition, iuuliidii-.g 0110 ns to his ability to limiingo exhibits from Sir H. Sniiilford, anil one fro.il Mr. W. H. Biddings, who represented the Adulaidu Atlverliter at tlio exhibition there in 1888. He ulso produced a testimonial, signed by John Wilkinson, 011 heimlf ol'lliu eoiniuil- toe of thc.Exhihilioii.; .His experience of tlio witness Nolkin hud been thai Iio had requested him to publish a paragraph about a mail in Alliury. lie. declined In do it. No one liuil ever told liliu that tho ltobiu llood sweeps were 11 swindle, lie never laid a bet 111 liis life, Willi refer ence to tlio engagement of Bench for the Albort Park Lagoon, lie nclcd as tho ser vant of a ooininittoe. The. cniiiiiiitlee paid tiie expenses of Bench nnd liia trainer to Melbourne, ami then Bench refused In row, so tlmt lie did not gel his mum-y. Witness wits (lie honorary rcprcsenhilivo of tho coiiiinittee. lie received £88 from the Diamond Jubilee Onrnivnl. lie worked four months for' il. Tho slnle- liionl 111 till! alleged libel thai there were no lion, treasurers or linam.-e coiiiiuitlee In the carnival was not true. There was 110 truth iu the (illegal inns that lie Was acting dishonestly in eonneclinii. willi tlio ear- nival. Ho hnd not left a mass of unpaid debts in Allniry ill coiuieelioii with tliu Exhibition. In June Iio milled In see Norton at liis office about llio carnival. Ho asked him to give a paragraph nlmul the show. Ho then had a conversation with him. Ill a subsequent conversation Norton told hint if he got rid of two men on tlio coiiimitteo ho would I100111 tin: show, otherwise he would knouk it lo pieces, lie was iu Truth office two weeks before tiie first attnek on him appeared. IIo asked whether, the carnival adver tisement had been received, ami tlm man ager complained tlmt Hiey only Imd a small advertisement cm the previous wcok. Witness replied thnt llio advorlisements wero sent 011I 011 the instruct ions of Iho committee. Tiie case stands part hoard. A 1111111 named James Quimi was found 011 Wednesday in a pnddook near tin: Murray, covered with mils. Evidently lie Imd laid a fit, ami hnd lain exjioseil io tlio sun since tlio previous day. Ho wns taken to liis home, but died shortly after wards. An inquiry inlu thn identity of llio man wiio wus found drowned iu ' a lagoon noar Alliury on the 4lh inst., was opened on Monday. Tho affair is surrounded with a good ileal of mystery. No satis factory evidence wn3 forthcoming and tho inquiry was further adjourned. Mr. E. 0. Borchgrovink, the Norwegian explorer who visited Victoria Land in 1895, is about to inako a 'further nttompl to explore tiie Antarctic regions, lie lias purchased tlm steamer Pollux, of Ohrist'mniiij and is lilting it out for tiie purposes ol another Antarctic expedition. A recent lady passenger by one of tlio Union S.S. Go's limits complained tlmt site lliul lost iior bonnol, veil anil gloves. Asked where dim Imd put. them she replied -. "In the little cupboiird with llio round glnS8door." Tlio "lit tlocupboard" proved to bo a port-hole ! At Ooogcc on Tuesday night a young cotiplo wero driving iu a sulky whon u dog rushed at ami startled tlio horse, which shied, and Mr. Booth, wiio was driving, fell out. Tho horse then lioltoil down a stoop rond, where Miss Hooper was thrown out and her skull smuslioil in, dcuth boing instantaneous. The following are tlio drawers uf placed horses in Tattorsall's consultation 011 the Nowcnstlo Clip, 50,000 subscribers, fully paid :— 1st, .1 . Williams, Winton, Queens land, £4500 ; 2nd, D. i toiler Is, P.O., Oliatswnod, New Smith Wales, £1350; 3rd, A. 11., Bridge-road, Forest Lodge, Now Soutli Wales, £900— all net. 