CONGREGATIONAL UNION. ANNUAL MEETTXOS. Tho Stow Church Guild-room was well filled on Wednesday morning, when tho annual meetings of tbe Congregational Union aiid Home .Mission were continued. The Kev. F. W. Cox Dresidivl at a. H»vnttnn%l nicetins which preceded the passing of a motion moved by the Her. \\\\*. H. Newbold. and secondo-l by the Rev. T. Hope, conveying fraternal grvct ingi to the Perth Union.' OK-;axic ISWX OK OCRfllfWHE*. Tbe Rev. Dr. Jci'i*eMi-, before reading his auch-looked-for paper on 'Tho organic union of our Churches,' said that a seutunce had appeared in the morning papers which had struck him with horror. (Laughter.) He had been reported as sayinir tha: thero w.v- not much in the olticc of Cbairnsan of tho Union, j Laughter and ' That's- e\:«.tiy what you said. *:) He did not deny the U'so of the words, but there was a context to lie taken wish thsni. He explained tliat what hu meant was tha: not murh power »?».?. entriujcd to the oexupunt of that otiicc. which wa« on« of the moat honourable positiuas in the trhoio o: Christendom. 1 »r. -I v.t kes::s expressed the opinion that few subject.-* were in^re worthy ot their deeper thoughts than 'The urranic uuioa of our Cuurctu-*.' .f:«st now CoiijTre^atiynahsm diil not stem in perfect harmony v.-i:h the spirit of the ace. Th.itui^ht l*e a tnatttriorct'n^ratti ja'.iou. bat it rertainly ha.l a depre^-in^ inriues-jc. In Australia* prcft-Tcwcc was given to Chun?he.-i in which much power wasjr rantotl to the clergy, aiul to th--.su in whiih r.ucocratiu »c:Ljrity was claimed and uividcl. He found some explanation of this in the tcur that wabcsiettainuti of a faLe dt-mocracy u-ithout ??afeguards againbt di.-order or de.*potijm. They were in greater repute titty ycarsago, when inJiviiltulisw wabth-? popular piii!o-'j»:jy. Tne true phiUrsophyo: ii:c Christ ia:i iife iay tioit'icr wich indivi.iualistu nor with collectivism, but with the goldec mean midway between the tv.-o. l'erliap.-- tiicra was no problem of greater imp-jrtaao-: th.i:t the .vljuatiii^ot th« balance butweeu liberty ami or !.:r, between t!ie freedom of the ic-li vidual -iml the re,rula:ed strength --i :i3«ocia.tion. That w:ia tho pro blem, so far as. th«ir C'!iurc!io» '.vcrcconcernoii. that th-jy were to consider. Let them con tcoiplate the possibility of making -ume advance to-.vartia a greater eorporatt- unity. The existing variuU3 Chnreh-»« might be grouped in four leading division*. T:iey had a»toeracy— pjveruiucnt by .1 sinzlo nja::*aa in the Papaey and the-al vation A rmy : cpi#-:opa'.*y — govcrucient by Diocesan ISish'ups ?s in tho Church of Kusl.iud, and i:i 0110 lar^e section of the Americ.in MethcdUt Church : Presbyterianism, or o'overnment by a number of cocutial eiders, as in the Kirl: of .*5co:bnd and n'-sleyan Methodism: and Congrega tionalism, or government by the sinjrle fellow ship, as among thenuulrcs. Each of those might receive the divine sanction for certain purposes, %z certain time.'. an-l mtnon^- evrtain people. Thuss who preferred the Congrega tional way. knowing it to be tho way of the Apostle?, would cas^ no scorn upon tho^c wh-.i though: that a:i expaasioa of early Cbri.-tian methods was required for :';e iuiva'jcamcut of Christianity. Indeed, as was the e^nteiition of many. Congregationalism needed to ad vance, aud its tnio line of pr-jizrvs* »'.i* towarila x-cci^tion or c-jnfcd«ratiou. But to them pro;jrei» would not be progress- if their essential principle* v.tc abandoned, ;uul thc-e ;urunjai-i^i.ii wt-re : — 1. That every selt-snp. portin? fellowHhip of Christians is a Chuiyii, absolutely co:npioti.* in itself, under Christ. 2\. That the Nov.- TcMasivist j.« the ualo text book of Christian doctrine. :-. That every Cburyh has the rii;bt to determine its owu members, to choose and appoint) t« otrn oilicer*. to odiuiniator cho sacraments, and to ifcttlu the form of «.r.icr of divine worship. 1. That every i.'hiirvh has the sole resjwnaibilitr of ad m:ais:ertng«^-ins:ian aiMupiinu. i: tucygave up ihom th«?v a'jan'loned thair right to exist x-« a s-parxt© and integral part of tho Christian commjuivcalth. T!io»e e.irdin.al princip'.-.'s of ;!i*ir pjiity did not hinder sepa rate felloivih:|- from trntvriu; into u:ii-m with one asocher. A brotherh:i-xl of Churuhes was required as ,mn';!i as a brotherhood of soul!!, aad the union tlier wero now tiiinkincof wa« b--tw-:Cii t!ic-j who«e fundamental views of the Christian po'iry were identical, and who wtjrc therefore ai-l-j t-j enter into a ;n--rc defi nite aad pra'-tiou! union. In m-M--:ire t!:i* hail iw.'U d y\'i. Tiie Conzrc^atioHa'. Union was a cjnfe- Jeratio:- of Christian C'liirchea, and thoy could uot have clone what it wan in tbeir h'jarcs to do if they i«.vl not been effectu ally joiaeu together. The bo-is «f t/10 Union was voluntary, and the r(';t?-tion was could they make it more effective without limiting tin.* ConL'Pisaticnal liberty^ Let them con sider the work that lay outside tho work of the 1o-t.1 iV.I'jw.ships. and which was done only by the Churches a-.-ting together. There w..-r»j tiie proclamation of t!io -.io-ipcl to the neglected masse* of their f«:'low- cj!intrymcn : the varryin^ *if the '.'hri.'tiau niev.a.ge i-i the natinno which hvl not ye; enji-r.:'.xil Cliri. tianity : and tho founding of C::urc!i«-4 of their own order. In matter* of elucitioc, a!jo, many demands wcpj :ua-Iu u;-on them. U'hy sliould th-;y be i-otn polled to -s.-nd their children to Episrop:i!ian, or Wvsleyan, or Bible « 'hri'tiau Col.egesV And herJ he ex pressed lii-- regret that moro titan thirtv years ajo he had op- nisi-d tho found ing of a College un a Congro gational ba»i* in favour of ?.ue on unsectirian lines. The outran'-L- 10 their collo^os must be cuardel a,;ai'i?: iiujinpe tenet.-, even if it 1-? a-.-compauieil by much piety, and the entrance to their 'pnlpif against ha'.i-educatoi aniatour?. who often had little ta reonunicnd them but a fatal fluency anil a dre'*-' severely etvlesiastiraj. Tholi in tin* lifo hi-torr of ' th»ir Cnureh.?* thi«g« happened wlitoli ii.'|/.iir-.'l lir^'-iivriy intervention. Thura wa« a good dv.il of human nature, in iniui-ttery, ci(.-aco:i«, anil Church member*, and if there ou'd be uo court of appeal wa.s ther- t-- be no tnetho i of arbitration? lirothcrly l'»'e ould n-Jt oi:mt for much if it wa-. utiab'e tn devine ni^!n- U of reioii?iiiatiiin. liut ttii* -ould bo effectively ppividi^d only by dctinite organic u:i:o:i. l^-itly. there wort! curtain relations of a practical nature between Ic-jvernmcnt .1:1 1 their Churches and l»e:ween otiu-r earjiorate ec-jle^ia^tical iwJies and th.-ir own which showed ttiu nv- jl for a duiy autliorir.ed resputLsiblc hi-ail to furnish inforra.-.tiDn and execute acts on behalf of all. Much of this wa- don«* by the Congregational Union, but much was -ioiu- imperfectly or not at all. He pleaded tor a toderal union of t'ueir Churche*. I5y that h' m»nat that, wiiilc each ft-derat-.' 1 Church siio'ild d«eide on all matters belonging spccully t.i its-.-lf. a federal union should Lx- created l-y o.'il.ir^in,: the fuueti .iim of tb*» pra.*ent C3n-^r»-ra:i--aal Union with auth--ritv to d-.*«-:dt on all matturA that wero of rjnrnon and universal concern. All 1 jciil c in rreritional uiattcr.n wo-.iid remain as now, uu-ler locai onrrol. but all general ?.natter- woul.l bi eo:n:nitt- 1 to geiicra! eoa trol. Thar wj-i!d adram.t) libcriy to a great height, and help it tu s*c«ro a g'ro*ter inilu ence, anil instead of rheir standard being pitched liko the standard of Dan in the rrar ward of the tribes, i? would ??» pitched like that of .ludah towards tlw ri.-ing of t!io sun. Onco only, upon a large «cale. had Congrega tionahsia had an opportunity to slipw what it could do. It used that opportunity nobly. It maiic New Kngland. and through Xew Knghnd it mould**d tho life of tho United States. He ventured to say that the volun tary and jr^anizod association of the Free Churches undtr the leadership of Ciiri-jr otfered the best guarantee for ti.e ultimate triumph cf Clirisri:mity. An ani nat*d dwc:u-.«ion followed. Tiie Rev. ?'. C. Kftnv could obtain ny deep conviction from thj paper, and said that Dr. .lefforis evidently wished them to turn into Presby tcriaav- a r»mark which the author of the pxper repudiated. Oth«rs who took part were t'le Kevs. Jo.«cph Robertson. (';. Kavner. T. llo-;. .1. Chapman. J. \V. Pl.itt. and F. VT. C)x. Dr. ?Telferid fouod more friends than enemies, and Mr. Kirby was twitrod for his apparent dultijai in not bcine able to grasp thu tncaaing wnveyed in the p»prr. Dr. -Tevker:~ in reply to a vote of thanks said be bad urc-vl them to combine for the real purpose of im-reasinff their freedom. AITEH.V11OV. The Rev. .1. Lloyi-. Chaircian-eSect. was welcouietl and ho acknowIcHir;-! the honour whieli had been conferred upc-n him. rr 1:1.1c wohs'h'p. The Rev. S. Lenton rvad an inspirine raper on 'Public worship.' whxh h« only attempted to describe, nut awrclr as prai:-(». noryet at prayer. E.-r both of the-c to^etier. It was theso with in«pirati-.»u and *p:ri: which infiisod both with lifo and moaninc. Worship must be a duty more than ^ driipbt. He laid special *tn-*:» on the need for *;ol«m*i:ty be:n? obeerved during thi Church HfrviceV, and coaplainc-l of tho whispering and tittle tattling that went on Iwfore the boginmsg of tho services. The Kev. ? r. Ravner did not believe in ap proaching God iu a shivering aad tr.-in(ili:ir manner, and deprecated tiie iutroJin-tion of unn&tur.-ilnvsr.; in the attitude of rhe concr?^a tiou. lie liked worship '. ? bo uum.i.i and beautiful. -'r. K. IJ\\-Ft and the H-sva. |ir. ?Feiki;!::-. C MANTiior.rK, and T. KvrKalw spoke, and Mr. l.cnt'n ua-: rhankvd. :-u;::i.-» tiv voiTii. Mr. ?'. .!. YtR'.o follc.wciJ with a pointed paper u:i 'Tue j-eriU and saiV^uaio.* »»:' youth.' Ue i:if.tanci?d many dangers whii-h a:f««-to.l t:;- yo-m,r. including the -j.rcaii of ir.Tai.-iou* 'iturature an-l lack of p*r«-n::-.! control. ilo Liid spe.'ial stros-« ori t!io gramii'.inz «vil, and protested a?a;n.-: the le^aii/ation of th? tota'ii.v _-r. i'U-it:ng t!i» utterances of many p:;{»!;v nr.-u on thi* subject, aai extracts frvi:n !--sd:::z articles in 1%: R';h!-r. A-l'T-ifr, and S-n-li,. Tin't. aad tin1 »:wisl article wl.ic!: roocutiy ipp«\\-.rod in 7?!' /'? v.'tr - on ga:uhlinc. Mr. Virgo could tiot »e-» h-'-w. in ta-v «??:' t!:e '.infivonra');* criticisai* pAi#cd oa th..- «-vi' hy the lov'al daily papers, mch a lot of space was dev.jf^j to sporting, nor could he understand why the result* of the rae«»» were posted on boards. He referred to the responsibilities and possibili ties of th* Sunday-school teacher in we ildmg tha character of the joung, and sdvia-4 ? *autiou in any pubh'c action which was taken ?gainst the perils which affected them. It was no use approaching tho authorities in such a manner that no hope of any good resulting could be entertained. Several deputations bad waited on the Government, but wliilo he appreciated tho motive, tho lack of organiza tion was apparent to him. They must first creato a healthy public sentiment, and much croocl could Iv* wrought by the individual ! Christian life, while lamily warship was of i itnmenio value. Abovo all was the iniUtor.ce ! which should be brought to bear on children I by parent*, who could efiect much which was beyond tho powers of any institution. A sympathetic di.^cussion followed, and Mr. Virgo was accorded the hearty thanks of the Union. The di-cus3ion led to the following RE-OI.VTIONS being unanimously passed, the first ono on the motiou of the Kev. .Iost.ru KouektsuN, seconded by the Hsv. C. Hi.uviE — 1 hat tliis Council deplore* tUc eunrmou* extent Io «?):: ;'j tlic curse '''sOGlilin:; \ixt ?i'«:i i:i this i-um-s:;ntty. It pr---:t.-«t-- asiiust the l^.-.lizin;; of sambiinz )-y tbt.- TuMlbator Act, ami attri -?'*:?.-- iimoh of ihe evil to that ? iu«e. It iirs:e- on all thu imp-irc.:nce ui u-in^ crery tucim p^-iliie to stein the t^rriMe lorronl o' thi- eril, and to bs ic;uly to support every e'f -rt tor the i-.liic-.iuoti of pulilio opinion un the s:iSicct. :iii 1 nriien an opening may iri-e to lis-lp any li'ulcrtakin: 'or altcrin: the pri-scnr »tite of things : ;»r.il that a copy of this re-i'l'ith'U bs for'ani^-l to the Cioverame:il. The Uev. J. C. Kiur.v moved, aud the Rev. T. KvTr: seconded, the follo^ving re&oiutiou.; which was carried — That 1 lie 'iurrrnuieiit tie rminpxte-.l tn indoce the k-sU'.-.tnre t--pass a law sivit'C t'i'' P'»'ice piiwer to oMisi* parent* t--rcinuie their chKurea nml*r til-; .lie *»f fourtria years ;r»m the streets alter an hoar to !«: fixe', it nua.te:i-!f«i. A Jotter was read from Mr. -I. H. Sit:?lair. President of the Christian Endeavour 1'ni'jn, asking for con-ji-.lcratioii of the advi? ablcncssnf a union of thu various Christian I organizations in Adelaide, by way of a com mit inc. with a view to ?-?onevrted action in order toaWi-.h the totalizator aud effect reforms in S!i:i'i-s;.--cL-=ing, ternperuncu education, aud social uurity. A motion was carried at the im-tanceof Ur. JEitKn:-. sccou'lcJ by Mr. .1. -f. Vim.o. atfirtuiug that it would be unad visible to create a no a' organisation since the Council of Churches is already charged v.ith tiiis inv port-inl dutr. The Rev*, .r. W. Platt -iuestioncd the advisablencss of passinc the fir-it two re*jlu tions. and wa^ proceeeding to give l:is reason* wlicutlio Ci'drman ruled him out of order betv.ii-o no motion was before the meeting. Mr. I'latt— ' Well. ' I don't wish to be a resolution-monger, but if the Chair is against me of course 1 collapse.' Tri^ valuable services of the Rev. W. S. Fernie. who i* about to leave the colony, were placed 011 record. The annual meeting wa' held at Stow Church its the evening, wli-n the Uev. W. P. ?(ones presided over a large attendance. The Kev. T. Hope read the report of the Executive Comniittw. which has already been dealt with in our column?. The Rsv. G-. Kayner gavo atwcnty-minnte»' adJr----» on ' Congrc-gatioualism,1' in which his rhetoric ami sentiments were 'listened to with equal piea«ure. The most important noud of their Churches wad tho b.ii-ti«m of the Holy Ghost, not in a ripple, but in a Hood. A so't wave broke muaically on the -bor?. but think of the zreat ocean ljehind it, and what power for good had a man swept forward by the mighty tide* of the spirit of God. They needed to make progress, and there must bu joy in the Churches which would result from a fulucss of the Spirit of God. The Rev. Jo-Ern Robertson* said that the world aud Church owed more than they could tell to the formative power and inspir ing influence of a noble sentiment, asd every one ouzht to have a love, a religion. .1 country to die for. The importance of pood citizenship had 5-c»a inui-h emphasised of bte. and he was glad tu sec tlut the Kndeavourerrt were bt'.'nir indoctrinated with its principlos. Much had ltsi-n salt! about the riirlit of the Church to discuss that matter, but recent crontn in this city made them feel {rlad that the public conscience was to be regarded, and iUustrate-.l the truth that wickedness was iv.-aknev«. Good citizenship depended on pio'.y. and he contended that the Church had a right to take part in the building of the nation, because upon its inllucncc largely depended the joy and prosperity of tho pcop'e. Ho-r could they live bettor than to serve Christ and ths uommnnity? During tho evening the Stow Church choir, under Mr. James Shakespeare, rendered s;-''ial music, wliich included the chorus 'The glory of the Lord,' from 'Th* Me*»iah.''an'l the '50.0 'Comfort re,** suiigbyMr. l-o!-?y: ?olo, 'Eternal rest,'* by Mir* Jessie Symo: the anthem 'O. Saviour of the World t' aud the nuthem 'Whoso dwelleth.' in which Mi.-n 1 rluy.v took the koIo part. l)urin^ the meetings tho V.M.C.A. Rooms have been placed at the dispoval of the dele gates, aud tho consideration of tho inansge ffcent has been appreciated. The session will oIot-u tt-day with meetings in tho morning and af tor noon, and a limelight lecture for young people by Mr. J. ?!. Virgo in the oven in;. 