OUR GHOST-STEPS. By E. S. M. " Tliey are only the ghost-steps, uncle ; you need not move." ) " Ghost-steps ! Nonsense, my dear." Ho halted a moment, looking ut me in amaze , ment ; then went to the door to lot in, as he thought, my father and mother. They, wore rather late, and we were sitting up for them. They had only gone out for a rubber of whist at tho Murray's, two pad docks away, and TJncle Will had arrived from up country in thoir absenoe. Ho came buck with tho amazement intensified on his sun burnt, genial face. " " What's tho meaning of it ? -1 heard steps on the gravel, I'm certain. Didn't you ? " " Of course I did, but I told you those were only tho ghost-steps. I know them quite well; wo all do now from our own steps or any one else's." " But—my dear Nellio 1 I thought you were a sensible girl." " Wait a bit, you'll hear them again.'.' Ho sat down, and we went on with our chess, but ho made foolish mores, and in lire minutes up he started again. " Do you mean to tell mo those are not stops ? X tell yon, it's your father's step. I'd know it anvwhore.". " X assure you it is not my father's stop, and you may as well sit still." He sat and listened for a knook at the door, but no knock oame. '.'How long have you heard these steps ?" " Oh, ever since we came here almost." "I didn't hear anything of them when I was down before." "Unless wo aro quiet of course we don't hear them, and I suppose you never hap pened to be as quiet as we have been to night, for instanco. We havo got rather proud of them ourselves. It's romantic to have a harmless ghost of this kind attached to a house. It's an old house, too, for Aus tralia, but wo didn't think it would havo been old enough to keep a ghost." Undo laughed, and bent his hoad over the board. '' Pawn en passant, yonng lady. I forbid." But again the stops sonnded, heavy, but this timo thev were slower and half falter Ile rushed as noiselessly as ho could to tho door. I followed. Only clear, still moon light on tho wide sweep of gravel, and not a sound hut his own hurried breathing. He looked this way and that, then started for a tour of investigation round tho end of the house, behind a rosehedgo, round loquat trees and orange bushes,. then hack to tho verandah, whore I stood. "What does it mean, child ? Is it one of tho boys?" "No they are fast asleep. We don't know what it is. It may be an echo from the road." "Why, tho road is half a mile away." "No, it takes a turn and runs round that rise in front. You can see a glimpse here and there between the trees." " But I heard the orunohiug of the gravel hero close under a good heavy step." "Hark! Hera it it is again." There it came slowly up the drive while we listened breathlessly, nearer and nearer till the sounds were within three feet of where we stood. A heavy, unhappy tread it seemed. There it ceased, and as we listened we heard the gate open and shut, and the sound of voices. It was flesh and blood this time. "Hullo, John, old man. What's thiB | humbug about a ghost ? " " Oh, only some echo, I suppose. Whon I did you turn up ? Why didn't you wire and [ be met?" " Well, I'd no notion of coming just now, but I had to meet Macmillan in Albury, and I thought I'd run down for a day or two as it's Christmas time. I can stay over Mon day if you're not full." Of courso not. Has Nellie given you any- | thing to eat ?" " If she hadn't she'd have bad a bad time | of it." " Come iu then, or sit down here on the I verandah and let's havo a smoke. Ma won't [ have smoking in the house." Monday was New Yeur's Day, and Sunday had been very hot. If made it an easy mattor to sit up and see the old year out, for indoors it was stifling. Alice and Goorge Brock bad come over, and the boys bad taken ohairs out on to the gravel for my father and mother and Uncle Will. We younger ones had taken cushions and camped on the grass under a white cedar. But it seemed too hot under the heavy branches, and we got up and began to stroll down the drive. The old folks wore diseussing the ghost. I The - scrf[.„-»(.-« in evidence lo- uiglit, and Uncle Will had twico started and stopped ,talkiiig at tb» scuod. Ho stared at the | gravel as though ho thought to see some one, or something appear from below. He had watched the previous evening at one spot and anothor, and had traced the steps to tho garden gate, and some distance down tho avenue that wound through the wuttle pad dock outside the garden, but oould find noth ing to account for them. Indeed the echo theory, which had been rather satisfactory to us, had collapsed under the scrutiny. An echo there might be against a stone house, but an echo would not be likely to travel along a winding avenue with an equal strength at all points. As we came up to the I group my mother was saying—" Did you hear, John, what Jane asked me this morn ing?" " I heard her como to tho door, but I was half uslcep, and Ididn't hear what she said." . " She asked how many she was to lay breakfast for. I told her for Will extra, and she said, ' I thought the people that came in the night might havo stayed.' I told her no one had como in the night; but she said, and persisted in it, that a lady and gentlemen had come in a buggy about 12 o'olock, she thought, and had driven round to the front. She thought they were expected, and that I the gate was open for them, for she says they drove straight throngh without pulling up. Yon know she can see tho drive from her window where it winds round outside tho first gate." "She was dreaming," said Dad. " The | gate wasn't open, was it ? " "It wasn't open this morning ; I went | down to see as soon as I was dressed." ' Why didn't you tell me ? " ' Well, you know it puts you out of hear- I ; of t'aoso curious things." 'I should think it did, such ridiculous | nonsense." Uncle Will smiled at his sister ; indeed I'm I afraid ho winked and they left the subject. There are moments when it is as well not to | argue. Wo strolled on, not straight to tho gate but making a dotour all round the lawn. I The path merged again into tho drive just in front of the gate. We were nearing the gate whon we heard tho sound of wheels outside iu the. wattle paddock. A moment more and a buggv came in sight, and in it a lady and gentle man. Tho man's was a handsome face, but I distorted with rage, tho lady's was pale and sot with terror and abject misery, but young j and sweet-looking nevertheless. Qeorgo Brock was walking in front with | mo ; Alloc and Jim wero only a few feet be hind. . " Why, hero are your midnight visitors again," said George. "Who in the wido earth can tlioy bo ? Hold hard, sir. I'll open the gate." Wo were not ten yards off it, and he ran forward, but—it seems almost incredible to write—before ho reached it, horse, buggy, and occupants passed through the gate, as though there were nothing in the way, and drove rapidly by, evidently seeing nothing of us, though wo stood on the white ground in J full moonlight, and on up to tho front of the house. Geovgo turned round his face, ashy white —I never knew before what ashy white | meant—and simply staggered back to where we stood, all of us lialf-paraiyeed by tho | shock. " Good heavens ! " gasped Jim, then, with one blank look at each other, wo fol- I lowed tho phantom as fast as our shivering ] limbs would carry us. A horrible sound ! What was it ? We were actually shivering with cold, though a fierce hot wind was blow ing. Our elders in front of the house wero much in tho same statB. We looked for tho buggy —there was none ; not a trace of it, nor of man or woman either. " Whore are they ! " I managed to say faintly qs I took hold of Uncle Will's arm. ; Dad shook his head. They all stood grasping their chairs, which tliey had seized to drag out of the way. . My mother was tho first to command voice enough to tell us that they had seon it com ing, and hastily tried to got out of tho way. When,, as they thought they wero under tho horso's feet, all had vanished. " Tho driver pulled up in front of the door just where wo wore Bitting, as though he did not eeo us, and then " "All disappeared in a moment," said Uncle Will. }' No, Will, no. You must liavo seen that ho pushed tho poor dear out. She fell under tho wheel and tho horse startod on, and she was crushed. Then all was gone in a mo ment. But her groan ! Didn't you hear it ? " turning to us. Yes wo had heard it. It rang in our ears still. " Hear it ? said" Undo Will. " Good God, I hops I shall never hear such, another. What's the good of thinking of it f Thoro's nothing to be done hut leave this place, ana you'll do that to-morrow, John, if you take myadvioe. Let's go in." Still no word from Dad, but his color -was getting more natural. ' Did you see the poor thing's face ?'' said my mother. /'Come in, I said," said Dad, in a voice meant for thunder, but so hoarso and queer it almost made us laugh. The spell was broken. " A Happy Now Year to you all," sang out the cheery voice of Mr Macdonald, and his burly figuro nevor hove in sightnt ainore welcome moment. He dragged out of his pocket a bottle of champagne, and out of tho others a bottle of whisky. " It's for luck, you know, an old Scotch' custom. No offence I hope. The first that sets foot in the house on the now year must bring a present for luck, and these were tho first things I could lay hands on. "And, by George, you all look as though you wanted some. What on earth is the matter? Bad news? Well, come into the house and have a nip. You'll excuse mo, Mrs JReid. Now I go first. No one has been in before mo, I suppose—no visitor." 11 TO, norfninW nn nno '' fiflioDnd. fi 11(11 n No, certainly, no one," said Dad, finding a still hoarso voice. Thank heaven our unearthly visitors hud not done that. ; " Come in, oomo in. Uncommon glad to soo you, Mac. Get glasses, Jim. I suppose Jane is in bed." " The ladies and tho boys can havo the champagne, and we'll have tho whisky, we old fogies. It's liko croam, I can tell yon." Wo took our nips and woro thankful, every one of us, and Mr Macdonald went on : "Now, what's tho mattor. You all looked as though you'd seen tho ghosts of Wilson and his wife." "That's just what wo have seen," said Undo Will, "and I tell John, I wouldn't stay anothor day in this place." "No, you don't mean it ! I'vo hoard them say it's seen, hut of course it's all rub bish." " I'm sorry to say it is not all rubbish." " Oh, come now, Mr Jennings, you're try ing to take a rise out of mo ; eh, Reid?" and ho looked at my father. Dad shook his head. "We've just seen what passes my comprehension, at any rate." " And what did you boo ? " Tho scene was described, Mr Macdonald's face growing longer and longer. "Thatis just as it happened, anyhow," ho said in great astonishment. " It's most extraordinary, but that's just how it hap pened. Wilson's man was waiting to take the horse and saw it all, and told it just so at tho inquest. It's close on 20 years ago, long .before any of you came to the colony. "Wilson was a brute, no doubt about that, a son of J. T. Wilson, you know, and he only married her to get his father to pay his debts. Sweet young thing she was, too, much too good for him. Had her choice of anyone almost, but set her heart on him. • " But, man alive, I find it hard to believe a thing like this," ho went on. . "The Almighty couldn't let that poor girl ho doomed to haunt tliis spot for years, and bo murdered over and over again. Whero'd be the justice of that ? 'Twas through no fault of hers." And tho good man rubbed his chin. - " I liko to think." put in Alice Brock (she was a very scnsiblo girl); " that these things are only a reproduction of tho scone by some kind of mental photography, and that tho souls of these people may bo at rest, know ing nothing of all wo havo seen." " I should like to thinlc it might bo so, my dear," said Dad, "but I don't see how." " Sounds impressed on the phonograph are reproduced any number of times, Why not scenes imprinted on surroundings in some at present unexplained way, and to Bight as well as sound ? There aro those who say It is so, and it is not' unthinkable, to say tho least." " But what of the steps we hear so often f " " Oh, the story is," said Mr Macdonald, "that it's tho poor girl's father. She was the apple of his eye, the only child, and they say ho was not easy about her beforo it hap pened, and used to come up hero of a night to soe that all was well." "And what was done to tho husband ? " "What conld be done. It was an acci dent after all. But, strango to say, his horso threw him a fow days after, and he died withiu a week of lils"wiler~-Xuu migLt call it retribution. I don't know. It's very little .we know of those things, hut I like Miss Alice's idea. It's awfnl to think the other thing." Wo all liked Alice's theory, and felt a sense of relief in it, hut Dad gavo notice next day nevertheless. One such New Year's Evo was enough. 