ML W; ' OR, geKFI£LD MYSTERY. THE0 aN s J|Ar AGNES FLEMING, jvMKS (Continued.) fJ1Arn:« N-** liana. Cecil went thai pretty azure and shu must Then she opened and 11 was ve r = ^ l-.vir's le; c-r, thouph h» I 8 " le -ir>ir long-standing engage '• • - - •' lie conseien He told her of on? and decorait- spoke of the , planned. imped—when he ,...,"Yliere its mistress. He tot 1 - 3 i,.,', the spirit of love that I f^l'v'warmed and rendered him wanting, i... „,;«!ivrs will reign in Treslie laid it down; yaid. as all her faults, will •"rtiii-T mistress than J. She n- iiir.i now. perhaps; but she .. / 1 ii i.ni'd I'.uysland will one i,i* wish—liis daughter will without delay; enough to vrite, knowing . "•-],.,«• ..f him. I J mgloved e m?; the task would be a is—Though lie may t.i himself—J)is re- I ^ V V relief." warily a very Ions letter, 'prised the whole story of jlfitivery—the discovery that l^^e'jiWerlield was Lord Ruys- KliHiM- tlie discovery that i * Pnnjrerlield and Miss Hern- | jl r(- and the same. She L-1I1 011 the liol.Ie self-abnegak 1 1 ;'S -luuvn i.i the end—of all r®, ! i,Wn made to suffer, of her M* t r {.raveness. ln-r generosity, of P i -fli- lti anil renunciation. Lastly, * ,if herself, jelling him her own v-ipa^inc him hran the arfor}'. 3:1 alliancet„vose.evea had' tved one ansaid this. In L",r.i'«ould still have it mipht have meant nothing I jsfli M a 1 -words I was hound how far he- I-j™. t in * I'inh 1 was. But it is no *Ln,,,v When I fay. Sir Arthur, this 1 mv fart-well. I mean it. You I n0- ;rv t.i shake my resolutions. 1 Z j., 1.0! 'care for me—in that way, 1 1 n from the first. I might have ( in to the end. and done you and the still greater wrong- of marry- • -on The woman you honor with I should love you as you de- . loved—as you will yet be I K?a 1 foresee. Again. I entreat you, from anv mistaken idea of I j,™-. flavor to shake my resolution. H iwt to he shaken. Farewell. Tour Hi I rannever b' your friend I shall Hhvays. CECIL, juw days after and the remains of jtniet Harman •were laid in Castleford I fcchvard. A new and nameless grave, fc^e "which no one lingered, except irtrhora all the town looked upon a£ feEarl of Ruysland's daughter. Why & should kneel by the grave of the iai inman-why she should linger tes in the n'f-y of the summer evening ria fvfr." one else was gone—CastletareuH not understand. And why trthe fri-y slab at the head of Kathe- BiDanjfffleid'F grave the brief innfjtionstiould be obliterated, and the SUE left nameless. Castleford could not utostaid either. By order of Mr Jeny Otis, who six years ago had put | Inp, this iras done. MrOtis had returned to London with | Jjps ElunaiL t.9 find Katharine there Wott Go. trtiat transpired at . that fiia iaten'cF no one ever knew. The iramoi telile was at an end. • The djj might rame that would make her a tale, but never his. Perhaps Cecil Hire rassof the only one to whom tameintliiif of the truth had come—that I t feeling of lore for Redmond O'Don ifl Mi in the eleventh hour, heen her lKillmak» my home here if you will k er." she had said. "Your mother Ik ten the kindest of mothers to me, !m the mort faithful of friends, the test o! brnthers. I should like to have itae-rhe thought of a lodging-house E3 nrangrers is terrible to me. I am M. Ber.ry—tired in body and soul, itbEylon^and sinful struggle. Thank 3-iva that it is over—over for ever— te it is still not too late for repent- Maid a nejv life. Let me stay here if®aiB—if you can look upon me as a cot else." irsragn h" could not have given w&assuranoe.; He could give it to Kir an truth lo-day. Kven such love Stimus: starve and die without hope "fee ra. He had hoped against hope "•life was over now. my mother and I have MjEitherine," he answered, "I don't raklieed tell you that home is yours, "fitly you forget there is another ™lusa Claim upon you now. Tou are j»l'!®r a free agent. Ton are the "Stoof the Earl of Ruysland." Ja Katherine Dangerfield. The old name that was mine in the I was happy and innocent ® lie mine again until I die. For WHnysland, I shall never be more to I fethyjno ISO now. He would be the last to fepi: I'uand ! his pride shall never suffer through me. Ladv Cecil CUve *th;name she bears-I should 1 c"^ SO my own way. .^fnr all that is past if I can. ^ in me- Jeauy.Ifear Whatever is With a smile—"the old remain unchanged Cr, K nd \- ° ,,c her address I ^ a private inqui.Y a?ent. whose -Ola instinct had put him on the •tvS; -0 ™ 0 ' vilh ^dy CecU, 1 U n d she ,lleant w keep her n me be your Eiste r " vo,;, J ,ears I'ave 3r Nsh? v ame ' rank, your \""ST harp , r81Ve you - »1o by my i t " Catherine inter- "•fe'PiL or " eVer sha " a Eate- ^ I ^^t^er Jlue tlia^,, r 0 - T7 Tou tI,<,UShtSareaI1 were kind to ine ^ ^r tol Sa i d " " Ka therine, what r t n l ! : ou? . Wian can I say?" ' ^ nr S ;;re She Interrupted, ^1® 5 !- C 6 you , blame In fc! e, i'ad T^ "tae, is aH the t t'has not ™ 1 Can forgive ^en adventuress, ana ^shy] no fear for me. The EeCret thro u Sh aU timt % - ' ^ow. Lajjy CecU my toen^ hamue ss-at least,. I think I Imow e to say—it wlJ! be V o t t o s r a aT7 -l,;™, ! r e m a i ^ ^ f c ^ returns you. When you come to visit me. I gladly welcome you - vm,™r IZ are r vay 1 w \- i«ar from J * o p e a n d > t '^oice in your welfare, ilake the story too™, take her place ' : ™ r V S ray father ~I never will! And the laws of the Medes and Persians, w,ih her old, rare, bright smile ^ ^ broken compared They remonstrated, they ar5ued. they entreated in vam. NoUiing could move her All should remain as though Kathei-me Uangerfleld indeed had never risen from among the dead. She would remain with Sirs Otis; they return to their own world. •And what will you do?" his lordship asked, in a broken voice. Something in her grand renunciation touched lnm, as nothing perhaps in his whole life had ever touched him before It won for her what else she might never have won—his honor, his love. I will teach music—not a verv hard life, after ali-and I will live with mv mother and brother—here. Ah never were mother and brother in this world more loving, more fatihful than they" And. as 1 said, you will come to see insometimes, and you will try to believe this—that I shall not be unhappy. The knowledge that I am doing right—that 1 am atoning for the wrongs of the past —will be happiness in itself." i The tears of Lady Cecil, the earnest urging of the carl, were alike in vain. Katherine remained. There was a smile on her race as she watched them drive away—a smile that made her the Katlienne of old. Hfer dark, earnest eyes, lingered last-on the sweet "flower face" of La Heine Blanche. "She will be happy as Sir Arthur Treg-enna's wife," she thought. " It will be an easy task to learn to love him." Lord Ruj-Sland and Cecil went back to their stately room at Fenton's, St. James's street, to find Sir Arthur Tregenna, in a fever of impatience, awaiting them. On the receipt of Lady Cecil's letter, with an extraordinary intelligence. he had hurried up from Cornwall. followed them to London, and stood before them now. still wonrteriug, incredulous, almost indignant. The earl left them alone—he knew what was to. come. "It is all perfectly true," Lady Cecil told him, calmly. Miss Herncastle. or Katherine Dangerfield, as she chos» henceforth to call herself, was Lord Ruysland's daughter. She herself But what need to repeat that story? And he was free—nothing could alter that. He pleaded as though he had really loved her. The story made no difference to him—she was worthy a ducal coronet. Let all the world know it, it would be the great happiness of liis life to make hers. "Ah! hush!" she answered, wearily. "Tou know it can never be. Tou are all goodness, but you cannot deceive yourself nor me. T.ou do not love me— you never have. No—do not speak—it ! is no fault of yours; only, why try to make yourself believe you do? And 1 do not love you. My pride, my ambition, would not let me tell you before. To gratify them I would have married you. Tou deserve better than that. Sir Arthur. If I were heart free I might, in spite of all, yield to the temptation. and accept your generous offer. But it is not. It is due to you to tell you I love one from whom I have parted for ever—one whom I never expect to see again. I have loved him with my whole heart for six years." He was not surprised. He would not acknowledge it to himself, but a great, a sudden sense of relief filled his heart at his freedom. "I think I must have dimly suspected all along." he said. "It is " A pause. She finished, the sentence quietly. "It is' Captain Redmond O'Donnell." CHAPTER XXXL—HOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. That never-to-be- forgotten August, - and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn, the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing ail the land in living green. The bright afternoon was at its brightest as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the King's Oak, her sketch book in her lap, the flickering lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy played at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Dangerfield. in the drawing room, played waltzes on the piano; and Lady Cecil let books and pencils fall listlessly, and sat "lost in memory's mazes." Eight months had passed and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Tregenna liad stood by her side at yonder sunny boudoir window. Eight months since, in the hotel parlor, he had pleaded with her to marry him—pleaded while all his heart was another's—pleaded, and in vain. They had met but once since then, and then how differently! He had gone abroad, and resumed his wandering life. Before going, however, he had called upon Katherine—a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meeting for both. Why lie had grone lie could hardly have told: some "spirit in his feet"—some spirit in "his heart. He went because he could not leave England for years withoiit seeing her. There was very little to say on either side—a mutual restraint held them—the interview had been silent and short. He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face;, into the sad, large eves, and loiew more strongly than he 'had ever known it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was. the only one lie ever had or ever would love. And khbwing lt be had left her. Was it not. wisest? E&rl; Ruysland's daughter elie might be, injured beyond al? reparation she might be. but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud—proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent. No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escutcheon? She had suffered greatly.'-but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She hadT>een an actress".' She had been at the 1 very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that; superstitious Sir Peter's, fears—to play, the ghost She had .acted a lie, acted a: doubly deceitful part. ' And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wandering over the world/striving to forget. , •• • •< . . * ^ *• But forgetfuihe&s; would not come: "How is it under our control to Jove or not to love?" He could not banish her memory. or the love with which she bad inspired hlm,..from his heart. - The pale, wistful lace, the -dark, sad eyes; followed - Mm; "haunted- him wherever he went. Aiid Just'three months alter his departure there came to Miss Dangerfield -a letter, post-mariced • Constantinople, pouring- forth all bis doubts, iail hls Bcrui^es, all lis love—a fiill confession. He could not be happy without Ser—would she be Inn "wife ' Her .answer teas a refusal "I would indeed be unworthy the great compliment you payjne, 1 " she wrote. 'Sf I accepted your generous offer. My life Jias gone wrong from first K Y N E T O N ! ^ ^ that ,,-!„ , — —^ JIMIO uiai are to "rthur C f ° r feW renri" . T,c » eima ~s wife must be above l?ft ° ne in the shall ' ' ^ f of ^"r". say the last me ^ t>y marrying tW t U , tt " rIy im P°ssible, Sir Arthur, ^ He knowth 50ur a ' 1 won a heart so true, so noble. Will brighten all my life " had W , i Uen to J,er a » ain > and she in^ ; i " S T <ai ' e ' J - Srently. but with unllinchlll resolution. Again he wrote, again she ieplied.and the correspondence went one l j r " I 1 "-'"- Duri n " winter came ^ wi! eVer > ' came to the residence of He„rv ,,us. ^Jid so-they hardly knew liow-ihey grej to understand one another as thoy nught never have done else. She learned as the months went by. to look for ringed Uiccom.ng messengers , of those as .-.-leam pleasant ...nshino white in her sober, drab-colored life. \s for him - how eagerly Sir Arthur .1 legenna received and welcomed the replies. only Sir Arthur Tregeiinu kn-w Lord Ruysland had gone abroad Th'-rwas always a little amusement and pmbl'/ig at Baden-Baden and Homburg. To Baden and Homburg the nobl» earl went. For Cecil, her heme was still at Scarswood—occasionally fining duty as governess, vice Miss Heineas'tle resigned. In Ixindon Katherine's was a busv nf.? She had as many music pupils as she could attend, and she worked indefatigably. Her home in the Otis residence was a peaceful, a pleasant one ;o0 mother could have loved her mom tenderly than Mrs Otis; no brother half so well as Henry-Otis. She had her foreign letters, too, grawing strangely precious, and as winter warmed inti spring th"rc was a sudden and most unlo wed-for visit from their writ-r. "in the spring a young man's fancv lightly turns to thoughts of love." Weli not quite that, perhaps—Sir Arthur's thoughts turned lightly up;n thin^= least of all that. A =jreat Ic.n^ing no see h"r. to hear her, h:id come upon j,im far off in Africa. AH one v.-hite Eastern night lie lay awake, watching the yellow stars through the opening of his tent, and thinking or her. Next morning he skirled for England. AH the rest—his jiumeyinsrs |,y sea and land—was butfeverish ,!r»;;m. t-ntil the reality .31115. nr.a he wss r.t-inding in the little <lra winsroom :it Mr Otis's holding her hand, and looking into the sweet, gravely tiiouelufu! eves. Was she growing lie-mfiful, he wondered; was it only the blindness and glamor or love, or—and this lets m-.st likely— was it tli6 serene sweetness of an altered life shining through the deep troy eyos? Aguin he pleaded—again she refused. "It cannot be—it cannot: • ih believe it, and forget m-^! It is impossible that I. .-ifter all that is past, can »ver rnnrry!" "Always tlie past:" lie cried bitterly. " Does all your suffering, all your wrongs, all your alonenient go for nothing? If I can forg?t ilie p-jst, Katherine. surely you may?" "Tou forget it now. In the years to come you may lie forced to remember it: and. as your wife. I don't think I could bear that." "Am I a scoundrel in your eyes!" he cried out, a passion in his voice very new there, "that, having won you for my wife, I should ever give you cause to repent it?" "I did not mean that. I think nothing of you but what is generous and noble. If you repented, I know well I should never see it. if you could help it; but I think I should see it for all that. She who was once Helen Herncastle can never be Lady Tregenna." He turned'away from her—such keen disappointment, such bitter pain, written in his face, that her heart relented. She lilted him so much—so much that she began to wonder if the liking Were - not loving. It was hardly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love as his should «iot beget love. "Oh, forgive me." she penitently cried, "if I have wounded you! Indeed, I did not mean it! I do like you. but it is for your good, your happiness. I speak—cannot you see that?" "I can see nothing but that without you my life will go wrong—will be utterly miserable. Katherine. I love you! What more can I say? Love me in return, and be my wife!" He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute—longing, yet dreading to go. for his sake. "Come to me," he pleaded, "my -bride —my wife! Forget the past has ever been—it shall never come between us! Come, and make the happiness of mv life!" And then, os hp enfolded her. and her head fell on his shoulder. Katherine knew that peace had found her out at last. (To be continued.) 