MELBOURNE LETTER. (FROM ODR OWN" CORRESPONDENT.) A certain class of charlatans aro always ready to seize upon the death of a prominent citizen, as a peg on which to hang the humbug prepnred by them for the confiding public, and the latest instance-crops up in connection with the terribly sudden death of Sir William Clarke. Al ready one of the palmistry brood is to tho fore with an announcement that “ Some months since I had the honor of reading tho late baronet’s hands, and I warned him,” etc. Now, anyone who had the acquaint ance of the deceased gentleman will refuse to be galled into the belief that he was weak enough to consult a palmist. Tot tho individual re ferred to has the audacity to state that he “ paid a professional visit to Sir William’s city residence, and there unfolded to him—.” Enough ! No doubt this nicely-prepared pill will be swallowed by many people. In fact, this appears to bo the pill period. No matter what their color, there are eager months waiting to swallow them. It may interest you to know that the orders received by the Melbourne florists for decorations iu connection with Sir William Clarke’s funeral exceeded £600 iu value. My in formant is the manager of the estab lishment which supplied some of the handsomest designs. I hope the Socialists in our midst won’t seize upon this fact as a subject to harangue upon now, when the winter wind is keen. Mr Justice A’Bcckett has untied a good many marriage knots in the Divorce Court during tho last few days, and there are more to come be fore him. One of the co-respondents is stated to be a member of a cer tain metropolitan church whose pas tor holds advanced views. What a naughty old gentleman—not the pas tor, the co-respondent. While the confiding husband was away from home he used to sing hymns to his wife. Of course there was other evidence against the singer. I must tell you that in one of the cases to be tried shortly the co-respondent is tho consul for a powerful nation. Now that the Supremo Court of New Sonth Wales lias followed the decision given in England by five judges sitting in the Queen’s Bench division, namely, that cash betting on racecourses is illegal, we may look for a prosecution with the object of testing the question so far as this colony is concerned. It is not to ho expected that a matter of such im portance to all the colonies will be allowed to rest without an appeal to the Privy Council ; but certainly the odds, according to present appearances, are against the book makers. Wo have not yet heard what followed the English decision. Did the “bookies” in the mother land close up their bags meekly, and cease to roar out “ Three to one bar nine?” I wonder. Fancy Cup Day at Flemington without the presence of the gentry whose noses, as Marcus Clarke once said, “ cast deep shadows on the sward.” More than half the pleasure of the race-meeting would begone if the privilege were taken from ns of dropping gold pieces into the bags of the innocents who throw up their arms aud gnash their teeth whenever a first favorite gets home in a big event. By the way, this is the time for tho supporters of the totalisntor to array their forces. We want the machine, bookmaker or no bookmaker, and an additional argu ment in Favor of it is the English ruling that cash betting on race courses is illegal. And talking about betting, I am reminded of an interesting case in connection with Chinese lotteries, which was heard here tho other day. A Chinaman who had invested sixpence in one of these lottery “ banks,” sued a fellow-countryman for its recovery, and he alleged that he had been swindled out of money legitimately won at the game. Of conrse tho evidence was contradictory and the Bench dismissed the com plaint. How is it that the pulice permit these Chinese swindles to flourish in Melbourne ? There aro at present time six “ banks” “ drawn” in the heart of the city every day, and any Saturday night several hundreds of men and women may be seen investing portions of their sarnings in the luttery shops in ; Little Bourke street. Years ago the game was played fairly, according to Chinese ideas of fairness, odds of i twenty to one being laid when they , should have been about ten times as many; but now the poor player hasn’t a ghost of a. show of winning, , the wily Chinee having found oat a i way of increasing the odds from millions to billions, against the in- ' vestor securing the maximum number i of marks on his ticket, and propor- i tionately so down to the minimum i number. The detective police know i all about the matter; bnt they are : silent. This winking at the Chinese i lotteries on the part of the authorities is one of the blackest spots in the i black side of Melbourne life. I The poor of Melbourne are evi- i ieutly going to have an enjoyable i time during Jubilee week. Dona- > Lions of all kinds are reaching the i jommitteo who have charge of the I irrangements, daily, from loaves of i bread to sets of artificial teeth, and books to read after the repasts are i sver. But all the poor will not be < reached. This is well nigh im- I possible. The “genteel needy”— i and there are very many such in i Melbourne this wintor—will continue 1 to hold up their heads, albeit their i stomachs are poorly fed. Their i white hands will shrink from search ing for the bread of charity. The young woman who suggested to her lover of niueteeu yoars—as ; was disclosed hero during a court, , case tho other day—that he should chalk the figures 21 on the soles of his hoots, so as to bo in a position at the marriage ceromony to assure the officiating clergymen that he was “ over 21,” displayed a re sourceful mind. She was anxious to secure the youngster as her life a partner, quickly, and she certainly taught him how to lie without lying. But somebody spoilt love s young dream, so far as he was con cerned, by informing the police that, this clever female’s first husband was in the flesh, and now she is in prison for bigamy. Melbourne, it appears, is not tile only city whore the people turn out in large numbers to witness the funeral of someone who has achieved some prominence in tho community. Tho English newspaper record that the streets of Leicester were lined by sixty thousand people when tho funeral of A. W. Harris, the well known professional cyclist, took place in the early part of last month. The proper thing, I understand, is to attribute this to an expression of regard on tho part of the people for the deceased. I attribute it and similar processions to enriosity. When Tom Sayers, the pugilist, was buried the streets of Loudon along which the cortege passed could hardly contain the people, and a similar condition of things took place in Melbourne on the occasions of tile interments of Whistler, the athlete, and Corrigan, tho jockey. 