Billy Steiifiel ! i "YES! he's qualifier! to hunt, sir. Aged ?-hardly left bis dam; Hp can take his fences nice, sir. Steady !-keep 'im movin', Sam. I .viil give you any trial-over rail, or ditch and bank Jump at water? Weepin' Rachael!-you could send him at a tank ! Just you take him down the paddock, Sam, and let him have his head Can't you see the strain of breedin', sir ?-the 'orse is thoroughbred ; And' it's twenty quid I'm askin' for a 'orse of pedigree Yes, it's twenty quid !-you're wonderin' what the h - 's come over me Yes, it's twenty quid !-it's crucifying such a 'orse as he For to go an' throw away a colt with such a pedigree ! " Take 'im steady round the paddock, Sam, and show the gent 'is stride ; And for Lord's sake stop your funkin' "-(these few words were spoke aside ) " Did you say his legs was groggy ? -bless you, that's 'is pedigree ! That ihere leg can recomend 'im, for he got it, don't you see, From 'is noble dam, who strained 'er leg a-jumpin' six foot three ! Now, I hopes you read the Gospel, sir-the Gos ain't no liar, For it says the colt must suffer from the sins of dam and sire, An' a man what blames the progeny-I calls tha man a chump ! No ! Ije shouldn't boy no 'orses-Now i you watch the young'aa jump !" See 'im prickin' up 'is ears-now 'e's goin' ! - good boy, Sam !" -^ays the stranger-" That's a bru«h jump-sort of fencing (or a ram." . J last be patient for a minute, sir-now watch 'im lake the rail" - (In the meantime Sam was saying prayers, his features set and pale) - " Whoo 1 whoop! he's risin'-Holy Ghost!-he ought to let him out!" But the stranger says quite calmly-" Does the beggar always clout ?" S.ivs the stranger-" Is he qualified to hunt be hind the hounds ?" "V ,it a jiffy till 'is blood is up-'e's cheap at fifty pounds 1 " Now he's goin' for the biggest fence on this side of the vale - Gosh 1 -it bangs the billy firmament !-I've never known !im fail." ( \nrl then aside-" I'll slog that kid, the crimson little skunk") - ' I oughter rode the colt, sir, for my bloomin' boy's a funk ; Why I'll ride the little 'orse myself-just come down from his back, You're a lop eared sort of jockey for to show a gent a hack ; Of course the neddy would'nt jump-My 'orses 'as some sense 'E wouldn't jump ?~he knew you couldn't sit 'm at a fence ; My 'orses don't for get the honor of their ped igree Why, 'e oughter get a medal for such Christian Charity !" 