GOSSIP ABOUT M.P.'S. The House of Commons (says the Whitehall Re view) contains a few boxing men. We all know of 'Colonel Saunderson's prowess within and'without the '.ropes. Mr. D. A. Thomas, the Welsh Orlando, is a prize belt-holder, though he looks like a professor of theology. Mr. Logan, the man who must live in hstory as the author of the famous ' fight in the House,' is an athlete who ijeriodically spoils for a fight. After a hard week in the House, or during ' a bit of liver,' he will turn on for 5s one of his father's navvies, who obligingly suffers his young master to imagine himself Tom Sayers taking it out of the ' Benicia Boy.' When John Burns ' gets low, we mean in spirit?., ihe goes into Battersea Park and works like a galley tslave on the i crease, Mr. Manoherjee-Merwanjee Bhownaggree's main claim to the fame of nations jlies in the fact of having translated ' Leaves from tthe Journal of our Life in the Highlands ' into iGujerati. Lord Curzon, a musician of no nnean order, has appeared at the Monday ?' Pops,' and Mr. Sidebottom is a Mus. Bac. of Oxford and a vice- president of Trinity College of Music. Mr. Dunbar Plunket Barton is known as "Paddy," probably because of his brogue, which is as racy of the soil as Mr. Carson's. He rides ad mirably, and is a man of pleasure. Lord Oompton, the Radical member for Bibblcs wade— who but a Radical member could sit for a constituency with such a name ?— began life as a soldier, fought at El Teb, then left the army, and now gambols in the city alternately as a ' bull,' and, anon, as a 'bear.' He wears the most ' stylish' of hats and the most 41 marketable ' of coats. Mr. Elliot Lees, the ?' Owdham Lad,' is known in the Hcuse as ' Young Randy' ; and Mr. Hozier as the ' Red Xord Randolph'; Mr. Powell Williams is now ' ghost ' to Mr. Chamberlain ; and Mr. Jesse Col lings is 'Boswell' to his renowned chief . ciir J. 'T. Brunner is almost a cosmopolitan ; his father was :a Swiss, his mother a Manx woman, and he himself is a Lancashire lad. He is genial, but a tyrant. Mr. Percy Thornton, the ' irremovable,' of Clapham, is the son of an admiral, and looks like a general ; he is an athlete, runs ' half-miles,' and writes books on banking. The 'New Cut' has the honour of raising Mr. Flynn, who once did his 21 days under the glorious Coercion Act. Mr. Charles Darling is known as ' Deptford's Little Darling.' 