GENERAL NEWS. The Federal Convention. —The Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.O., one of the South Aus- < tralian delegates At the Federal Convention in Sydney, returned to Adelaide on Thura day. Another Royal Celebration.—We have received from Mr. A. S. Neill, Consul for Sweden and Norway, the following circular issued by the Press Department of the Scan dinavian and Russian Exhibition" The Jubilee in celebration of the twenty-five years' reign of King Oscar II. will commence ou fche 17th of September next. The fes tivities will be continued for five days, and will be finished with a great festival .of Northern singers, in whioh a choir of more than 1,000 singers will take part. Grand arrangements have been made for the Jubilee. In the evenings whole Stockholm will be illu minated. Beeides the members of the Boyal Danish family, the following royal persons have up to August 20 announoed their intention to partake:—The hereditary Grand Duke of Baden with his consort, the hereditary Grand Duke of Luxemburg with his consort, Prince Friedrioh Leopold of Prussia as the representative of the Emperor Wilhelra, Prince Christian of Sohleswig-Holstein as the representative of H.M. Queen Victoria, and Prince Chira as the representative of the King of Siam." Memorial Chapel to Archbishop Rey nolds.—The funds collected for a memorial to the late ArchbiBhop Beynolds are about to be utilized in the erection of a memorial Chapel at the Orphanage, "Holyrood," Goodwood, Bays the Southern Cross. The amount col lected was £450 7s. 3d., which was vested in the Bank of Now South . Wales in the names of the Very Bo v. Dr. Byrne and Mr. Aloysius MacDonald. This sum has been supplemented by an anonymous friend, who generously donated £400 for the purposes of the fund. Plans have been taken out for the work by Mr. A. S. Conrad, architect for the Archdiocese. Viceregal—His Excellency the Governor had intended to visit the Vatala Labour Prison on Friday, but owing to the absence of the Sheriff in the South-East the inspection was postponed. On Friday evening Sir Fowell was present at th9 Eastern Annexe to hear a lecture by Mr. E. W. Hawker. M. A., eutitled "Hints to Mining Directors." Bun Over by a Baker's Cart. — On Thursday evening the daughter of Mr. John White, of Rosewater, was run over by a baker's cart driven by Mr. F. Norden, jun., at the intersection of Canning-street and the Junction-road. The child, who is three and a half yoara of age, was playing on the road with a companion. No one seemed to have noticed the accident until the child was dis covered under the horso'a feet. She was picked up and taken to her home, and medical attendance was sought. Although no bones were broken, it is feared that internal injuries have been sustained. Reported Loss of a Fishing Cutter.— On Friday morning tlio signalman at the Semaphore Informed the President of the Marine Board that ho feared that a fishing cuttor had been capsized in the Gulf. He stated that at about 9 o'clock ho saw a small vessel under shortened sail on the Schnappor Grounds, about two miles south-west of the jetty. He did not keep a particular watch oyer her, but about an hour later she had disappeared frofu sight. A steamlaunch was promptly dispatched from the Semaphore Jotty in the direction whoro tho cuttor wa3 last observed to bo. Tho launch returned to tho jetty shortly after 2 o'clock, but the men reported having discovered nothing whatever of the- cuttor. Later on it was ascertained that a fishing cuttor had entered the Port River, having put back on account of tho rough weather. The two are thought to be identical. Beware of Hawker Impostors.—Several reports have beon received with reference to cortain hawkers, principally in tho suburbs, representing thomselves to be from the Prison gate Brigade and Rescue Home. Wo have spoken on the subject to tho officer in charge of the department of the Salvation Army concerned, and he has informed us that there are undoubtedly grounds for complaint. In stances havo occurred in which the Army sought to tako action, but wore dissuaded by the persons imposed upon requesting thorn to be lenient. We understand that there is only one hawker representing tho Prison-gate Brigade, and that nono of the other depart- ; monts have men selling goads for them. This one man, who is at present engaged in the Parkside district, may easily bo distinguished, as ho is always accompanied by the cart on which is painted "Prison-gato Brigade." A ' correspondent under the nom dc plume of "Caution" has specially directed our attention to the. above by reporting that 'in a suburb I saw a man of most seedy appearance hawking a few sundrios of wood and brush waro, and using as his plea that he represented the Rescue Home of the Salvation Army. Not having about him the least semblance of the army uniform or any bona fides of his representation, I venture to suggest that his statement was a fraud, and I would caution the woll-iiitontioncd against boing ontrapped." A Mining Claim Settled by Arbitration. —Tho arbitration case between Mr. Harry Biekford and the liquidators of tho Royal Mint and Tron King Goldraining Company, No Liability, has boon settled. It was mutually agreed that Messrs. John Darling, jun., and L. A. Jessop be tho Arbitrators." The claim was for £1,000 cash and 1,500 shares in the said Company, and the award given by the arbitrators to be final. The report from the arbitrators concludes as follows:— "Having examined and duly considered tho allegations, proofs, and witnesses of tho par ties respectively, we do award and direct that tho liquidators for and behalf of the said Company shall pay to the said Hairy Biek ford £800 cash, and also tho liquidators for and behalf of the Company shall within a reasonable time transfer or cause to be trans ferred to the said Harry Biekford 1,000 fnllv paid-up shares in the Coolgardie Mint and Iron King Gold Mines, Limited, and which said sum of £800 and which said shares we do adjudge and declare to be justly due from the Company to tho said Harry Biekford in respect of the claim of the said Harry Biekford." The arbitrators also awarded Mr. Biekford the costs of tho arbi tration A "Bomb" on South-terrace.—-No man i probably laments more ainoerely than a certain gentleman residing within a mile of the General PoBt-offioe having neglected to observe the old injunction "Look! before you leap." " Having enjoyed an ! excellent dinner on Sunday, it is alleged, ! the gentleman in. question retired to | indulge in a siesta, but judging from his after ' actions it is apparent that his sleep was not bo peaceful as he would have desired. Visions of Anarchists abroad had a most damaging effect upon his nerves, and he eventually deemed it advisable to go in search of fresh air. A walk around the garden, however, did not have the desired effeot, but slightiy intensified matters; for on looking into hiB neighbour s garden he noticed what, in shape resembled what-has been described as an ''infernal machine." Horrified at the thought of an ex plosion, the gentleman retired to calmly con sider the situation. A few moments' contem plation convinced him of the absolute necessity for bringing the matter under the notice of the police, and he immediately set off post-haste to the City Watchhouse. It is alleged that he reached the head-quarters of the guardians of tbe peace almost breathless, but never theless he managed to brace himself up and make a request that a police man should be sent to a certain house situated on South-terraoeto remove a "bomb" whiobhe had discovered lying in the front garden. The offioer in oharge, always anxious to oblige peaceful citizens, told off a polioeman to attend to tbe request of the informer. Tiiey wont in company to the house in question, and the constable cautiously opened the gate and proceeded in full view of eoveral specta tors in searoh of the " bomb." This the man in blue ultimately dis covered, and tbe spectators were almost breathless witb excitement when they perceived him to make a kick at the_ infernal machine. Every one expected to bo instantly blown up. But alas and alack, Tbe " bomb" came back, and the policeman, who had discovered that the " bomb" was nothing more than an orna mental ball which had been knocked off the fence, is reported to havo retired to head quarters "with a naughty little twinkle in his eyeswhile the gentleman who had given information was left wondering whether it was all a dream. : Monument to an Old Explorer,—Mr. It. | N. Wells, of Coolgardie, according to the Border Watch, recently instructed Mr. T. Kelly, of Mount Gambier, to prepare, accord ing to design, a marble monumont to bo erected in Penola Cemetery to the memory of his father and mother. The work has been completed and put in its plaoe. The bottom base is of Mount Gambier stone, moulded base dio, pliuth cap and column, with urn. The monument is neatly fenced with a massive twist rail with chain and tassel. The insorip tions areTo the memory of Henry Edmund Wells and Ellen, hifi wife; Thomas Allen Wells, William Hobart Wells, and Charles Frederick Wells. Tbe inscription as regards the last-named gentleman refers to his having perished in the exploration of north-weBt Australia. The seventh verse of Gordon's poem "Gone," slightly altered, is appro priately added. It roads as follows:— Then grant that whenever, soon or late, Our courso is run and our goal is reached, We may meet our fate as a eidy and straight As he whose bones in you desert bleached; No tears are needed—our cheeks are dry, We have none to wasto upon living woo; Shall wo sigh for one who has ceased to sigh, Having gone, my friends, whore wo all must go? The Happy Valley Reservoir.—On Satur day the Commissoner of Public Works,_Hon. J. G. Jenkins, visited tlio Clarendon weir and the Happy Valley reservoir, and found that although only a small quantity of water is coming in ju3t now the roservoir_ contains upwards of 2,000 million gallons. When full, some 3,000 million gallons will be available. The City Council.—At the fortnightly meeting of the City Council on Monday after noon the Mayor, in answer to a question by Councillor Downs, promised to give the necessary instructions to ensure the better protection of tho trees around the Adelaide Oval. _ Replying to a furtlior query from tho same source about _ "disgraceful ' conduct" alleged to bo practised on the banks of tbe Torrens between Victoria Bridge and the weir, tbe Mayor said tho attention of the authorities would bo drawn to the_ matter. Councillor Myers, who was anxious to ascertain whether it was in the Chiof Magistrate's power to ordor the lake to be emptied with a view of recovering the body of a supposed suicide, was in formed that in emergency cases the Mayor had such power, but to have exor cised it in an instance referred to would have involved a breach of faith with the rowing clubs, probably without aiding in the search, beaidoB which the lake might not have refilled this year. Tho Socrotary to tho South Australian Gas Company wrote replying to certain questions submitted by the Lighting Committee in regard to the merits of tho Welsbach burners, and it was resolved to appoint a sub-committee to interview the Gas Company and asoortain tlio lowest price at which the Company would contract to light the city street-lamps for terms of three, four, and five years, and to enquire into the approximate cost of lighting the city with olectricity. Councillor Bruco was anxious to secure the assent of his colleagues to a motion affirming tne advisableness of laying down King William-road two bicycie-tracks, each 12 in. wide, from Government House to tho top of tho North Adclaido Hill, but on the suggestion of the Mayor he agreed to bring the matter on at the next mooting of the Council. None but Christian Men Wanted.— Mercia was a Christian woman. There is no doubt about this, because she went to tho lion's mouth and proved unmistakably her undying faith. But in these days when Christianity is made easy, so to speak. when there are no torture chambers or lions' dens to test the purity of man's religion, it is rather difficult to make a hard-and-fast rule upon who are and who are not Christians. In this respect the Rev. J. G. Raws raised a nice point at the anti-gambling mcetiug of the Council of Churches on Monday afternoon. After suggesting methods for sweeping away the evils, he stated "that he did not want men who were not Christian men to take the lead in agitating for those reforms." Christian Endeavour Resolutions.—The Premier has consented to receive u deputation of Christian Endeavourers in tho Town Hall on Saturday, Ootober 8, at 2.15 in the after noon, when tbe President of tho Union, Mr. J. H. Sinclair, will present the following resolutions which wore passed at a large meeting of the last annual Convention held on August 23:—1. This meeting records its indignant protest against tho flagrant and continuous violation of the law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquor on Sundays. 2. This moeting intensely deplorcB the great and growing evil of gambling, which is declared by competent authorities to be among tlio prin cipal causes of increasing juvenile vice and crime. 3. This meeting therefore respect fully urges the Government to adopt measures for securing the observance of the Sunday closing law, for suppressing the practioe of gambling, and for the repeal of the Totalizator Act. The Mayor, Mr. Tucker, has granted the use of the Town Hall, as it is expected that the deputation will be too large to be received iu the Government offices. The New school Hodbs. — The pria ciple of, local option and the referendum has been brought into. play in several dis tricts to -decide the question whether the .publio sohools should open at 9 a.m> or 9.30 In the district administered by the Orroroo Board of Advice the plebiscite of parents resulted thus:—Orroroo. for the alteration 46, against IB; Black Book, for 8, against 26; Morohard, for 8, against 9; Walloway, for 7, againBt 5; Bye, equally divided; Goomooroo, all against ex cept 1. The poll at the Dawson school in the Petersburg district resulted in a vote to adhere to the old hour of opening—9.30. 'In the suburban schools many of the parents iare finding it inconvenient to have the children coming home at 12.30 and requiring lunoh or dinner at that hour instead of at 1 Kensington Oval.—This beautiful recrea tion ground, on which wickets have been pre pared for crioket, equal to any prepared even on the Adelaide Oval, has, owing to its distanoe from the oity, proved more or less an inoubus to those who have had control of it. It belongs at present to the Burnside District Council. The Council recently placed the JO val under offer to the East Torrens Electo rate Crioket Club on lease, but inasmuch as the ground is not in the centre of population the club deolined to treat. The Council, therefore, decided on Monday to consult its solicitor concerning their power to sell the ground either in one block or in allotments. Visit op Sir Somkrs Vine.—Sir John Bichard Somers Vine, K.C.M.G., reached Adelaide on Thursday in the P. & O. mail steamer China. He is visiting the colonies with a view of consulting mining authorities with respect to a Mining Exhibition proposed to be held in London in 1899. In 1888-89 Sir Somers Vine toured the principal British colonies m the interests of the Imperial Insti tute, of which he had been invited by the Prince of Wales to act as Assistant Organizing Secretary. It was stated a short time ago that Mr. John Lowlea, M.P., who visited these colonies lost year as a representative of the British Empire League, was coming to Aus tralia witli Sir Somers Vine, but his name docs not appear in the China's passenger-list. Chinamen on Strike.—Mr. H. J. Scott, who has just _ returned from Queensland, relates a curious incident showing tho independence of tho Chinese in that colony. Ho was a passenger from Cairns in tho steamer Lass of Gowrio, en route to Towns ville. Calling in at tho Johnstone River to take in a cargo of bananas, the captain found that the neap tides had rendered the bar almost impassable that tido, and he could not get out unless tho Chinese worked double gangs in loading bananas. He offered Is. 6d. an hour, hut the yellow men struck for 2s. an hour. The captain refused this demand, and the result was that tho vessel was stuck on the bar for twenty-four hours. This incident should surely gain the Chinaman somcrespect from tho " Now Unionists." Rough Weather.—Tho squally weather predicted by Sir Charles Todd visited tho coast on Tuesday night and Wednesday, and rendered boarding work at the Semaphore anchorage exceedingly unpleasant. Heavy seas prevented the boarding of the mail steamer Cuzco for four hours after she had arrived from London, and for fear of smashing up the gangways or breaking^ the launches visitors, passengers, and officials were com pelled to climb up a precipitous rope ladder to reach tho dock of the steamer. With the fall of tho tide the troublous seas moderated, and communication between ship and shore was accomplished with greater freedom. No greater evidence of tho need for an outer harbour could be given than that presented by tho weather yesterday. Tho sailing of tho Oroya for Loudon was delayed a while in con sequence, and altogether' matters were lively in the extreme. No difficulty was experienced by the vessels at tho anchorage in riding the galo, and so far as is known the damage sus tained by shipping lias boon practically nil. At Davington, in Glanville, however, the Bower Jubilee cottagos were inundated with the tide, which completely surrounded tho buildings. It is feared that unless an ombank ment is thrown across the river frontage the foundations of tho structures will bo liable to be injured, even if they are not. damaged already. A Christian Lawyer Wanted.—The Rev. Joseph Berry, in apologizing to the Council of Churches for his absence at tho meeting called to discuss the subject of gambling on Monday afternoon, wrote urging that some thing effective should be done. "Cannot any man be found who would make this his life's work for a few years?" wroto tho pastor of tho Kent Town Church. " I have been wondering whether tho Rev. H. T. Burgeps could be secured for the work and paid something, but I have not had the opportunity of saying a word to him on the subject. If a Christian lawyer could be had with some leisure and moans and pluck, that would be better still. Try and find one." How unconsciously dry and subtle! Mark Twain could not have been more doliciously funny. There is an inex plicable something about tho terse and expressive sentence of suggestive command "Try and find one" which conveys a spirit of hopelessness which, of courso, was never in tended. Tho Secretary of the Council read tho four words in something of a plaintive tone, too, which inspired the thought of tho double meaning. St. John Amijulance Association. — Lady Victoria Buxton has been taking an active intorest in the formation of a ladies'"first aid" ambulance class, in connection with which a number of ladies on Tuesday morning attended at Government House for the Bret lecture of the course, as proscribed by the syllabus. Dr. M icliie is the lecturer. ' A Candid Teacher.—Before proposing a vote of thanks to His Excellency tho Governor on Tuesday afternoon at the Church of Eng land Dayschools' Demonstration, and just aftor His Excellency bad made a speech of at least fair length on religious education and other similarly diverting topics, the President of tho Teachers' Guild mounted the platform and, raising his arm to command silence, cried, "Now, children, you must be very quiet during all these dry speeches." A smile began to spread as tho audionco gradually applied this remark, and ouo listener was heard to say "Rough oh the Governor!" • Churchof England Dayschools.—Avery successful demonstration, which is to bo made an annual event, was inaugurated on Tuesday in the Albert Hall, Pirie- street, by the Church of England dayschools. The exhibition of work was declared open in tho afternoon by His Excellency the Governor in the pre sence of a large attendance.^ Various attrac tive competitions took place in the afternoon, and in the evening a promenade concert was held. A W.C.T.U. Delegate.—Mrs. J. K. Barney, who has been commissioned by Miss Frances E. Willard, the President of tho World's W.C.T.U., will visit South Australia during October. Mrs. Bamoy is interested in reformatory work, and has advocated the employment of Police Matrons where ever female prisoners are detained. She has twice visited England, aud her services liavo been highly valued in the colonies she has visited. A reception will be tendered to Mrs. Barney on Monday, October 4, at the Union Hall, Pine-street, and on Sunday evening, October 3, she will occupy the pulpit of Pirie-street Church. She will be the guest of Mrs. Lvall. the Colonial President. Ferguson Relief Fund.—J. E. P., 2e. 6d. t "Keusington,"2s. 6d*; Sympathy, Is.; R.D., 2s. Gil* .The Aged Pooe Select Committee. —Mr. W. H. Carpeniber, Chairman of tbe'Houteof Assembly Select Committee 'appointed to report ''.as to the best meana forthe relief of the aged poor," has returned from a visit to Melbourne, where he has obtained information respecting a .similar .Committee which has, been sitting .in Victoria. Mr. Carpenter en quired into the general principles which would be of service to the Committee hero. Pro bably the first meeting Of the Committee will be held on Tuesday next. It is hoped that tlra investigation will be concluded ■ before Parliament prorogues, so that it will not be necessary to appoint a ttoval Commission. Aooordingly the busmoss of" the Committee will be pushed on without delay. . The Late Mb. T. R. Haldane.—The death is announced from consumption of Mr. Thomas R.-Haldane, an old resident of Adelaide, who took considerable interest in charitable and Church work. Mr. Haldane was a native of Ayrshire, and not long since he contributed a very interesting article to the children's column of The Evening Journal on an adven turous trip to Ailsa Craig. For many yearBhe was a member of the Wakefield-street Presby terian Church. The deceased fondly hoped to return to his native land, but circumstances prevented, and he ended his life in the Home for Incurables at Fullarton. Intercolonial Riflemen.—The express train which arrived in Adelaide from Mel bourne on Thursday morning brought the Victorian and Queensland riflemen who intend to fire in matches promoted by the South Australian National Rifle Association. At-the station to meet them were Colonel' Makin, the Acting Commandant, and several other officers. Tne. Victorian team is com manded by Lieutenant- Colonel Umpherby and the Queenslandera by Lieutenant-Colonel Hutohiaon._ The teams are - constituted as under:—Victoria — Lieutenant-Colonel Um pherby and Gunner McNeiee (Permanent Artillery), Corporal .Tootell (Permanent Engineers), Quartermaster-Sergeant Webster (Victorian Rangers), Private Todd (3rd Regi ment), Messrs. Minsborougb, Mitchell, Gunther, Willoughby, Williams, Newenham, Baldie, Gary, Kirk, Walker, and McDonald. Queensland — Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchison, Lieutenant Johnston, Colour-Sergeant Grant, Corporal Bradley, Privates Grimes, Gibb, Gargett, and Patten, Messrs. JV Clacker, Thorn, Hodge, Mitchell, and Collott. Lieu tenant-Colonels Umpherby and Hutchison went to the Military Club, where Major Dean welcomed them. Colonel Umpherby said the Viotorians intended, if possible, to win the MoGrcgor Cup. Tho trophy, as they all knew, had been presented during the Vic torian Exhibition by Mr. VV. M. McGregor, the Chairman of the Victorian Commission, and was to be shot for by the riflemen of the colonies for twelve years, the oolony win ning it the most times during that period to retain possession. Victoria had won it on four occasions, Queensland twice, and South Australia, New South Wales, and Tasmania once each. The eup had come ovor on the train. Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchison thanked the South Australians for the cordial way in which they had received the Queensland team. The Case of Mr. Burton, of " Burton's Circus."—"G, Owen," a former employ^ of the subjeot of his letter, writes:—" Vou have called attention to the case of Mr. H. Burton, than whom a more gentlemanly employer it was never my lot to meet. From a humble beginning years ago Mr. Burton toured the colonies as a circus proprietor, gaining the confidence of all with whom ho had business, and ultimately he became the leader of a numerous circus company, and did more good by example than some who pose as. lecturers on temperance. I enclose my' mite, if you can send it on to Mr. Burton. Fickle fortune has played me very hard, but Mr. Burton will take the will for the deed, and.I trust the appeal on his behalf will be liberally sup ported, for who does not love an honest man and a gentleman?" Our correspondent has sent 2s. Gd. with hiB letter. The Death of Lord . Inverurie.—Our London correspondent wrote on September 3: —"Lord and Lady Kintore have received a great blow by the death, after a very short lilneBS from peritonitis, of their eldest Bon, Lord Inverurie, at the age of twenty years. He died at Lord Kintore's town house in Lower Berkeley- street on Friday, and the body was removed to. Scotland, where it was buried at Inverurie, the family seat. Lady Kintore was with her son during his illness. Lord Kintore was in Scotlaud, but by taking a special train was able to see the youth before his death. Lord Inverurie wbb a young man of considerable promise, and a very clever artist, especially in watercolours, and an ardent fisherman. In fact, only a week or so ago Chief Justice Way tried to persuade Lady Kintore to let him have a few of her son's pictures for exhibition in the Art Gallery in Adelaide. Since his brother's death Lord Kintore's second son lias taken the title of Lord Falconer. The Bishop of Bath and Wells hurried North to officiate at the funeral. Amid a orowd of sympathetic letters Lord and Lady Kintore had one from the Queen in her own handwriting." The Mail Steamers.—Exceedingly rough weather was experienced in the Gulf on Wednesday morning, when the mail steamer Cuzco, from London, anchored. She arrived shortly after 6 o'clock, but no attempt was made to board her. for it was not deemed safe or prudent to go alongside with a launch in such turbulent seas. The Health Offioer, Dr. Toll, was at the Largs Bay Jetty at 5 o'olock, but was glad to seek the shelter of the railway station and wait patiently for the weather to.moderate. The lighters which had been talieh to the anchorage to receive the Cuzco's cargo were sent back to the Port at the beginning of the gale. With the turn of the tide the sea moderated somewhat, and at 10 o'clock it was decided to make an effort to board the steamer. The Health Officer put off in a launch, and on arrival alongside ascertained from the ship's surgeon that the health of the passengers was satisfactory. Pratique was granted without delay, and the deok of the steamer was reached* by means of a rope _ ladder thrown over • tho side. The Adelaide mails were sent away with commendable dispatch, and later on the inter colonial mails were put on board the largest launch available and conveyed to Largs Bay, and thence trausliipped to the train a waiting them. There were 108 passengers on board the Cuzco, of whom forty-eight landed here, in cluding the Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C., from Albany. Five members of the Victorian rifle team which took part in the Bisloy rifle matches were passengers for Victoria, and Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.O., was booked for the same colony from Western Australia. Tho cargo was discharged under difficulties, but m the ciroumstances rapidly. Communication with the outward - going Orient liner Oroya was interfered with to some extent, especially in tho early part of the morning, but towards sailing tune the launch service was better able to ooDe with the traffic. It was particularly unfortunate that two mail steamere should require atten tion at the same hour, but it was manifest the service would have been carried on with in finitely less difficulty and danger to passengers had one of the steamtugs been available. As it was, however, the tugs wore either under going repairs or otherwise engaged, and the mails and passengers had to be carried in the launches. The Oroya tripped her anchor at half-post 2, and at half-past 5 the Cuzco fol lowed hert • TheTilletx Incident at Ballabat,—The ] followiug is a copy of t letter sent'to tbe Mayor of - Ballarat by tbe Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. C. Tucker—"Mayor's Parlour,. Town Hall, Adelaide,. September 28, 1897. Sir—I am. in receipt of your letter dated some days ago. It was'not my intention to reply to a correspondence" which you professed to close, had I not subsequently found it had been sup plied by you to tbe Press, an action quite con sistent with your initial breach of honour, and I leave with'you the paltry capital you have sought to gain from my endeavour to honour a prominent municipal representative from the metropolis of the old country. During the re cent reoord reign celebrations in England the municipal authorities there were called upon to roceive civic dignitaries from the Aus tralian capitals, and an Alderman and an ex Alderman from this city were the recipients of much attention at the Guildhall and other places. In faot, they were honoured as it is customary to honour all distinguished visitors. Hehoe my desire to display a kindred spirit when Alderman Tillett s visit to this city afforded me the opportunity. During that visit I accepted Mr. Tillott's explanation to me of the Queen's toast with the same assur ance as I would have accepted an explanation from yourself had I met you similarly as Mayor of Ballarat. My telegram accordingly was sent to you, sent in good faith, and with goodwill. I cannot allow you, unchallenged, to cause an impression based on the usual j brevity of a telegram that I advised you in ! the slightest degree as to your reception of Mr. j Tillett, -for it is no concern of mine as to ! whom your city honours nor the style of recep tion it extends to visitors. The congratula tions I have received from several of your citizens go to show that your line of action falls far short of having met with unanimous approval, though it may have the support of your Council and some others. _ For my own part, I view with regret the spirit that has in duced an important municipality to avoid on such a pretext the entertainment of a civic dignitary such as Mr. Tillett—a spirit which 1 prompted you at the outset of this correspon dence to sacrifice an essential principle of honour for a measure of applause.—I am, Sir, yours faithfully, Chas. Tucker, Mayor." Return op the Federal Representatives. —The first of the South Australian delegates who have been to Sydney attending the Federal Convention returned to their homes by the Melbourne express on Sunday morning. At the station to meet them were the Acting Premier, the Com missioner of Public Works, Hon. J. G. Jenkins, M.P.; the Under-Treasurer, Mr. T. Gill: the Secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. T. Duffield; the Secretary to the Minister of Education, Mr. J. Bath; and tho Engineer-in- Chief, Mr. MoncrieS. The train was half an hour late, and the time was spent in threatening consequences; but Mr. Jenkins put the biatne on Victoria. When the train did arrive there was a large contingent of tho Federalists on board. The Treasurer, the Hon. F. W. Holder, and the Minister of Education, Hon. Dr. Cockburn, were first out of the boudoir car. Besides these two there were Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C.; Mr. J.-W. Haclcett and Mr. H. Briggs, of Western'Australia, delegates; and Mr. King O'Malloy. The Hon. J. H. Gordon and several of the others remained in Melbourne. Among the ladies who returned were Mrs. and Miss Cockburn, Mrs. Symon, and Mrs. and Miss Gordon. Neithor of the Ministers cared to unburden his mind to the interviewer. The Treasurer remarked that they had been hard at work; but perhaps the hospitality which had beon lavishly showered upon them had told upon them as much as the work of the Convention. Notwithstanding the hard work - and the hospitality, all the mcmbors of the party looked well. The Mel bourne express which arrived in Adelaide on Tuesday morning brought- two South Aus tralian aud two Western Australian delegates, who havo been representing their colonies at the Federal Convention in Sydney. The Hon. C-. C. Kingston, Premier of South Australia and President of the Convention, returned with Mrs. Kingston, and were of course wol couied back from their visit to England. Mr. P. McM. Glynn, M.P., who loft Adelaide a bachelor five weeks ago, returned with his bride, and was also warmly welcomed at the Railway Station. Messrs. G. Leake, M.L.A. and W. H. James, M.L.A., of Western Australia, also returned by tho express en route for Albany. The Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., has gone to Cooma on a brief visit. The Hon. J. II. Howe, M.L.C., and Mrs. Howe, and Mr. V. L. Solomon, M. P., and Mrs. Solomon are at present staying in the Blue Mountains. Sir Richard Baker, the Chairman of Committees at the Convention, is visiting Queensland. Mr. E. G. Blaokmore, the Clerk of the Convention, will not leave Sydney until Sunday. < The Adelaide Press representatives at tho Convention (Mr. C. J. Stevens and Mr. C. R. Wilton) were pas sengers by the express. The Hon. A. W. Sandford, M.L.C., who has been at the Con vention and touring the dairy districts of New South Wales, also returned home. The passengers by the Melbourneexpress reaching Adelaide on Wednesday included several WeBtern Australian delegates to the Federal Convention which was recently held at Sydney. The Premier of the western colony, the Right Hon. Sir John Forrest, and Lady Forrest, Sir James Lee Steere, Lady Leo Steere, Miss Lee Steere, and Mr. H. W. Venu, M.L.A., were passengers. The Western Australian party were met at North terrace station by the Premier, theTreasurer, the - Commissioner of Public Works, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, tho Minister of Education and Agriculture, the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. C. Tucker, and several ladies, among whom were Mrs. Kingston and Lady Coles. Sir Jenkin Coles entertained the visitors at Parliament House during their brief stay, and at 10.32 all tho Western Australian delegates at the Conven tion excepting Mr. A. Y. Hassell, M.L.A., who had already taken his departure, and tho Hou. F. T. Crowder, M.L.C., left for Largs Bay to join the Oroya, for Albany, some of them having arrived before Wednesday. A special carriage for the returning Western Australians was attached to the train, and in this were seated Sir John and Lady Forrest, Sir James, Lady, and Miss Lee Steere, the Hons. J. W. Haclcett, H. Briggs, and A. H. Henuing, M.L.C.'e, and Messrs. G. Leake, W. H. James, and Venn, M.L. A.'s. Bank Holidays.—Half Bank holidays have been declared at Kadina on Ootober <i and at Moonta and Jamestown on Wednesday, October 13. The Marine Board Appointments.—In Executive Council on Wednesday the follow ing gentlemen were appointed Wardens of the Marine Board of South Australia:—Messra. J. H. Phillips, nominated by the Chamber of Commerce; J. H. Gibbon, nominated by tho Adelaide Underwriters' Association; W. Hamilton and W. R.- Cave, nominated by shipowners; W. Berry, A. S. Neill, and A. Campbell, nominated by the Government. Reynard in State.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands was inclined to doubt that there were foxes at Ulooloo, and so the owner decided at the first opportunity to remove that doubt. There is now .to be.secn in Mr. O'Loughlin's office a beautifully prepared skin, head, and brush, and all complete of a fox caught on the station above-named, and presented to the Commissioner by Mr. John Melrose. The skin has been most"artistically prepared and made into a beautiful mat by Mr. Lawrence, of Rundle-strcct. Andres's .Pigeons.—" It-was high time," says the Daily Chronicle, "that "somebody of .authority told the truth about Herr Andree's pigeons.. , Mr. .Tegettneier, who knows as much as anybody living about such a subject; denounced in the field a few weeks ago both thefeasibility and the humanity of employing carrier, pigeons in arctic exploration, ana yesterday he returned to the charge. The popular view is that a carrier pigeon possesses some mysterious instinct which' enables it to fly straight home when released at a long dis tance. This is nonsense. The homing pigeon has to he most carefully trained, first by being thrown up at the four points of the compass at a short distance from its loft, in order that it may grow thoroughly familiar with its own neighbourhood. Then by flights at distances only gradually increased it is trained to return from comparatively remote points. In fact, the pigeon Bees its way home, and if taken without training 600 or 700 miles away it could no more return—except by a mere acoident— than any other fast-flying bird could. To throw up pigeons in the Arctic Circle therefore is merely to condemn them to a miserable death." Mb. W. Johnstone, S.M.—Mr. W. John stone, S.M., was too much indisposed to take his place at the Port Adelaide Police Court on Wednesday morning, and what little business came on was therefore taken by local Jus tices. The Salvation op the Habvest.—Further reports from the oountry emphasize the immense^ value of the rain that has fallen since Friday. The fall, although in but few places it can be termed a downpour, has been fairly general south of Port Augusta, and the farmers everywhere are rejoicing. Shows held at Kapurfda and Laura were interfered with by the weather, and the Agri cultural Societies fo.und their coffers at the end of the day much lighter than usual; V>ut this, instead of causing the officers to repine, waB regarded as being of minor importance in view of the benefit that will accrue to settlers from the timely fall of rain. Our special reporter at Laura states that the mud and slush were looked -upon by those present as the most satisfactory features of the Booyoolie Show, inasmuch as the weather that caused these temporary inconveniences meant the salvation of the harvest. The New Wool Exchange.—The wool brokers of Adelaide have made a distinct ad vance this season by providing for the con-, venience of their clients and the dispatoh of business an up-to-date Wool Exchange. Hitherto the local wool auctions have been held in various halls in the city, latterly in the Banqueting-room of the Town Hall, but with tho erection of Brookman's Building in Grenfell-stroet arrangements were made whereby the Woolbrokers' Association should rent during the season a commodious room especially fitted up for auction sales and public gatherings. Tho apartment is on the top floor of the building, and measures CO ft. by 50 ft. It is exoellently lighted and ventilated, and |b easily approached. Access to the top story is by lift, while tho room itself opens out of one of the wide passages. The floor has been con siderably raised, and descends from the rear in tiers to the opposite end, where the auctioneer's rostrum nas been placed. The seats for buyers are immovable, and are fitted in front with a narrow desk. There aro six rows of these cane-bottom seats, behind which are ranged chairs for the general publio or others interested. Accommodation has been provided for forty-five buyers. The rostrum, which is movable, is placed on a platform, and commands an excellent view of the buyers. The wood used for the fittings is yellow pine, blackwood, and kauri. The design of the Ex change, was drawn by Mr. A*. Wells, who visited the other colonies in order to note tho arrangements in the Wool Ex changes there. The work.. was carried out by Mr. J. Leahy, contractor for the building, and much assistance was given by a com mittee of woolbrokers. Pastoral Royal Commission.—A meeting of the Pastoral Commission was held at Parliament House on Wednesday afternoon, when seven members were present, the Com missioner of Crown Lands being in the ehair. It was decided to meet on Friday mornings at 11 o'clock, beginning from October 8, in order to take evidence from pastoralists and others qualified to express opinions on the necessi ties of the pastoral industry. The Surveyor General and his fellow-members of the Pastoral Board will probably be the first witnesses examined. _ Several applications have already been received from gentlemen in different parts of the colony desirous of giving ovidence. It was decided that witnesses should be examined as circumstances would permit. Death op a Sooth Australian in England.—An old South Australian colonist, Mr. J ames WilliamB, died suddenly in England on September 20 from failure of the heart. He had reached the seventy-ninth year of his age. Mr. Williams laid the foundation of the business now carried on by Messrs. Sands and McDougall, and was tho first to start the manufacturing of bank-books and cheque forms, and he undertook to make all books necessary for commercial business. For many years he was tho stationery contractor to tho South Australian Government. The deceased gentleman was very much respected in this city, both in business and in private circles, and the announcement of his death will be re ceived with very much regret. Mrs. Williams survives her husband, and her daughter is the wife of Mr. J. Konyon Hawthorn, of London. The Governor to Visit Jamestown.— His Excellency tho Governor will attend the Bolalio Show to bo held at Jamestown on October 13. The arrangements for the reception of His Excellency the Governor, on the occasion of his visit to Jamestown on Show-day, are (says the local paper) now practically complete. His Excellency will be accompanied by Miss Buxton and a member of his staff, and tho programme arranged for their entertainment will include a trip to Bundaleor Forest on Show morning, the presentation of an address on arrival at the ground, and then a lun cheon. The Bundaleer Water Commission.— Messrs. 11. W. Foster, M.P., Chairman; the Hon. W. A. Robinson, M.L.C., and Messrs. E. A. Roberts, M.P., and I. MacGillivray, M.P., members of the Bundaleer Waterworks Royal Commission, left Adelaide on Monday evening for the purpose of visiting the head works and catchment area of the Beetaloo Reservoir. The inspection will be made under the guidanoe of Mr. Hicks, the Resi dent Engineer. The Commission are anxious to look over the catchment, which is a small area in striking contrast to the 244 square miles which is available to supply the pro posed Bundaleer Reservoir. The party will join the other members of the Commission at Port Wakefield on Wednesday, where evi dence will be taken, not only from those in the neighbourhood of the town, but also from settlers on northern Yorke's Peninsula as far as Clinton. Their programme also includes visits to Nantawarra and Lochiel on Thurs day, Mount Tcmpleton on Friday, and Balaklava on Saturday, whence they return to town by the evening train. Tenders for Carting Ironstone.—By advertisement in another column tenders are invited by the Broken Hill Proprietary Com pany for the cartage of ironstone . from Corrunna Station, west of Port Augusta, to the Beaboard. . The Outer Habbo.be Scheme.—A reporter ol The Observer has had the opportunity of inspooting at the office of Mr. C.. M. Muir head, the attorney for the London promoters of the outer harbour, the proposed plans for. the constructionL of ' the narbour and dock at Largs Bay. It is claimed that when complete it will be the finest harbour in the colonies. The plans have been prepared by Mr. W. G. P. Joyner, and all the soundings have been taken. It has been found that there is ample depth for the largest mail steamer to lie alongside the breakwater, which will extend some two miles out towards the Port Lighthouse. It will provide shelter for - all weathers. This scheme is not connected with Mr. Cave's proposal to extend the Largs Bay Jetty. It is proposed to expend on the first portion, j which will consist of breakwaters, dredging, screw-pile jetty, and railways, about £500,000, and if neoessary afterwards to construct a large basin and graving dock on Lefevre's Penin sula in connection with the harbour. The Earl of Kilmorey is one of the promoters, and the Company is. to be floated in England to carry out the work. The suggested under taking practically carries out portions of the scheme propounded by Mr. C. T. Hargr&ve;, C.E., many years ago m connection with the canal to cut through Lefevre's Peninsula to the Port River. Produce Export Department.—A circular has been issued by "the Minister of Agri culture inviting poisons in the service of the Government to send in applications for the position of Manager of the produce export branch at a -salary of £300 a year. The position ha? been vacant since the retirement of Mr. E. J. B. Ebdy. Early Closing Revived.—" Early olosing is going to boom, and it will soon be a success, said a speaker at the mass meeting of shop assistants in the Trades Hall on Monday night. Whether the prediction.be fulfilled or not a. large number , of the retail assistants intend to exert themselves anew with the object of securing the boon for which they have been fighting with more or less en thusiasm for some years. . The Retail Assis tants' Association, finding itself less influential than formerly, has given up the ghost, and a new organisation is to carry on the early closiug crusade. At the meeting on Monday night, which was attended by about 200 shop assistants, it was agreed to form a now^Asso ciation, "The Early-closing Association of South Australia." A committee of the old Association has drafted a series of rules for its government, and these will be printed and circulated amongst the shop assistants. The sum of £130 has beeu handed .over. from the Retail Assistants' Association to the newly created body, which it is-intended shall be affiliated with the Trades and Labour Council and the United Labour Party.... The Late Mr. R. B. Colley.—Tho late Mr. Reginald B. Coliey, whose death is announced this week, waB the third son of the late Mr. R. B. Colley, of Glenelg, brother of Mr. Rioliard Colley, of Victoria-square, and a brother-in-law of Sir-Richard Baker, Presi dent of the Legislative Council. He was born in 1855, and educated at. St. Peter's College, Adelaide, under tho Rev. Dr. Farr. He served his articles as a solicitor in the office of Messrs. Baker & Barlow, and was admitted to the Bar. The deceased' gentleman married Miss Scott, of Glenelg, who survives him. Death op Mr. W. A. Cawtuorne.—The sudden death is elsewhere announced of Mr. W. A. Cawthorne at tho ago of seventy-three years. Mr. Cawthorne, who had been in the colony for a great many years, was at the time of his death Secretary of the National Build ing Society. Mr. Cawthorne was the father of Mr. Charlos Cawthorne, head of the well known firm of musicsellors. The Elder Scholarship.—At a meeting of the Council of the Adelaide University held on September 24 tho report of the Board of MuBical StudieB concerning the holding of the examination for tho Elder Scholarship in November was, subject to the approval of the Royal College of Music, approved. The Sisal Industry.—The boom in the sisal industry in the Bahamas, about which so much was heard a little time back, has now fizzled out, the price of tho fibre, owing to tho competition of other countries, having dwindled down to a point which barely leaves room for a profit on working expenses. Most of the large English-capitalized concerns are now abandoning their holdings, and it is said that Mr. Chamberlain's sons, who opened an enormous plantation on Abaco some years ago, have also determined to retire from their enterprise. Saul Seeking his Father's Asses.—Ed ward Trickett, the ex-champion sculler, told a story to a Christian Endeavour audience in the Melbourne Town Hall about over hearing on the Murray Bridge a retort made by au old man to three young fel lows who had plotted a lark with him. The retort was to the effect that ho was seeking for his father's asses. Several corre spondents of the Argus wiito to Bay that Mr. Trickett's story is narrated in Dean Ram say's " Reminiscences of Scottish Life and Character," published in 1870. In the face of Mr. Trickett's statement that ho "over heard" the conversation, and tho fact that lie told his story at a religious gathering, tho correspondents hesitate to do more than characterize the coincidence as a coincidence. Freemasonry.—Mr. R. Kyffin Thomas has been elected Worshipful Master of Lodge St. Alban. A Lodge of Sorrow, in memory of tho late Brother Richard Bennett was held in the Port Adelaide Masonic Hall on Friday evening, September 24. Deceased had been a member of Adelaide Lodge, No. 2, S.A.C., and the ceremony on Friday was a tribute to his worth. Tho IV. M., Brother R. N. S. Baker, conducted the servico, and P.M. Brother A. A. Fairweathor delivered an oration. The proceedings were most impressive. Railway Revenue.—The railway revenue for the week ended 25th instant amounted to £21,052 as against £10,534 for the same period last year, showing an increase of £1,518. The Record Reign.—At the meeting of the City Council on Monday afternoon the following letter was read from the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to the address pre sented to Her Majesty tho Queen through His Excellenoy the Governor, upon the occasion of tho celebration of the record reign :—" Dowu ing-street, 13th August, 1897.—Sir—I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch, No. 21, of tho 23rd Juno, and to in form you that I have safely received the ad dress to the Queen from the City of Adelaido, the bill of lading having been sent to me by the Town Clerk, in a letter dated 24th of June. I havelaid this beautiful address before the.Queen, and I have received Her Majesty's commands to return her heartfelt thanks to the Mayor, Aldermen, Councillors, and citizens of Adelaide for their loyal congratu lations and assurances of allegiance to her throne and person on the happy occasion of the completion of the sixtieth year of her reign.—I have, etc, J. Chamuerlain. To the Governor, Sir T. Fowell Buxton, Bart,, K.C.M.G." Deep Drainage in Prospect and Fitzroy. —The Commissioner of Public Works has obtained reports on the proposed extension of deep drainage to parts of Prospect and Fitz roy, and as it is shown that the work will pay interest on the outlay he has given instruc tions for having it done. The extension lias been asked for by the inhabitants for some time past. 