MAD RAMSAY. JALL 'RIGHTS RESERVED. An Australian Story. >; - - DE& AN AUSTRALIAN WRITER.1 ' %'"V CHAPTER IX.— BESS. "forty mllas north-east of Bourke Ithere is an hotel at whose existence in such a place folks unfamiliar with the life of the land might marvel., It .is on road . leading out to, and in from, /the wilderness. A sandy channel which sometimes carries a considerable river »f water, is in the rear, and low- jcrowned, dark-foiiagcd box-tree lino /that channel. A few clumps of gidyas stand out on the red plain, and on the /northern horizon, . though visible only )at the dawning and closing of day, is a sand ridge crested with pines. Far away (to westward a tongue of timber reach es out on to the plain. It is box and malah timber, covering a bit of a hil lock of good land, and unless the sea- Bon has been very dry there is always fwater to be got in a few crab holes, phoy are on spongy ground, and last lout long after the river has gone be low. Travellers who have 110 money, and Siawkers who don't care about the phanty, camp at that timber, though amongst some of the older hands it has an ugly name. On an evening of mid-May in that year, an Indian .hawkeu came plodding across the plain on a. very sorry hack. They saw him .frcfin the verandah of the shanty while yet three miles away, and then lie mi&ht; have been anything, so strangely .was his whole figure distor ted by -tWe refracted strata of the air. At timed he seemed huge and gaunt as a camel, in a little while he would awindl, till the boundary rider, camp ing tcfc a spell, laid drinks with tlio Boss he was a swagger. He moved very slowly, and it was a full hour (before /he dismounted at the one-mile /gate, and it became clear that he was nothipg1 more or less than an Indian hawker. "A camel-driving Afghan," said the Station hand. "A Syrian, yes," said the boss; "won't Spend a bean in the country for all he takes ,o,ut of it." And they went aside to let him pass, agreeing that he would never -stop 'less to ask some stupid (Question, and wouldn't be worth shoot ing '"fcept for his skin." The Indian, Afghan, Syrian, or wliat- tever he might be, did not pass. He pulled up at the verandah posts, dis mounted and entered. His dull red tur ban and dingy linen clothes were pow- d.ered with the red dust of the track. Dust lay thick on his black hair and beard and tawny skin. He approached the bar and laid down a shilling, "want .dink horse." The boss picked up the coin and looked at him, half in wonderment and palf in wrath. 'Want dink horse — camp here?" "Oh, I see; two shillins, then. You're ia civilised sort of customer, you are. Give us another hob. Two shillins a drink now." i The other shilling was produced. "Are you going to shout a drink for us?" "No." "Thought not, you hungry- lookin' Scab. Co-me out here, then. D'ye see fchat timber yonder?" "Yes." "Make right along to It, and you'll get water if you look for It." ' "No tank here?'" "No, you painted leper, there ain't, (and If there was you wouldn't get to t. Now make tracks, will you?" " "How far?" asked the stranger. ."A bit short of four miles aswe makes Jem here. You'd better scoot if you don't want the crows to get you." The traveller urged his poor horse (along. The boss shied a couple of clods at Jilm by way of encouragement, and re turned to the bar. "Billy, I'll shake you for drinks." "Didn't you have htm cheap enough jto stand drinks?" "First have I've had since Christmas, pome on, rattle 'em up." The challenge was accepted and Billy Svon. They drank the measured out thim bleful of rum and discussed matters of (backblock Interest till at length Billy proposed another shy, and after a suit able Interval the boss yet another. And /this transaction was in progress when Jthe thud of rapidly beating hoofs was (heard, and both sprang o-utside. 1 A figure enveloped in a cloud of mov ing dust was first seen, but Billy's trained eye a second later recognised (horse and rider. ""Ghost, Its the boss!" said he, "and my bloming prad hooked up to the ifence." The rider pulled his horse on his Siaunchea four feet from the house, and .Addressed Billy first. "What the devil jare you doing here?" "Horse a bit done, sir; had to run feome emus out of the pine paddock." "You're an infernal liar. I'd lay a ifiver you have- been loafing here the ./whole day. Take this horse and keep .ihim moving for a spell. He's hot, and I Won't want him chilled." ; "It would be a pity, sir, you ought to (collar the handicap with liim." , Billy knew well enough the weak place, and was certain everything waa '.Tight when a second later the boss's (fingers were running down the back (tendons of the fore legs. ; "Yes, I won't take him out again. Get Jilm into the sunshine." .. He himself strode into the bar, where 'ihis greeting was returned, but in no (very cordial or conciliatory tone. . "How's the missus?" ' "Just as bad as she need be, Mr. (Ramsay, and I tell you I'm about full MP of it." "Why tell me that?" asked Mad Ram- f ay, an unwholesome sneer curling his ips. "Because I dunno who else to tell, and because too many folks have died ; crooked in these parts, and I /ain't a goin' to have any woman I'm. mixed up with waste away and die, and presently the police come along on my track as hot as they did over Billy Jubilee's job." Pity they didn't hang you over that Billy Jubilee job, as you call it; there (would be one scoundrel less In the '.world," "There would be one too many left janyhow," muttered the uncouth host. (Aloud he asked, "Do you want to see per?"' "Yes, but I want, a drink first. Open gne a bottle of beer." This having been done Mad Ramsay leaned his arms , on the counter and asked, "Has the doctor seen her." "Vas " "When?" "Three days past." ! "What did he say?" , "Best ask her yourself." : "But I ask you." 1 "And I don't choose to answer." "You are an ungrateful beast, Dui- gan." "What have I got to thank you for, anyhow." "For life and liberty, you scoundrel, for keeping you out of the. logs for not sending you up for sheep- stealing and woi-se, for putting you here where you could make a loaf ing living, if not grow rich on rob bery." The long draught of ale he had taken (tvas flushing Ramsay's face; he hand- jlpd his heavy hunting crop loosely, and Hooked ugly. Dulgan's lips were par ted, showing gapped and foul teeth. His one eye, a black patch covered the 'cavity which should have -been occu pied by the other, glared. He was med- (Rating words whose utterance would,, have bred strife, when a door behind the bar opened, and a woman's face ap peared. "There's enough of that. Mr. Ramsay (will you come in here?" Mad Ramsay strode down a side pas sage in a way which betokened fami liarity with ' b a interior. and entered the, back room. Duigan drank .what re- mained of the beer, and lapsed Into his attitude of semi-repose on the bar. The woman had resumed her eviden tly familiar place on that cruel and crude arrangement called a colonial sofa. A worn and russet 'possum rug was drawn over her, a thin brown hand lay exposed.and a thin brown face and wisp of grey hair were seen amongst the folds of an old tartan shawl. "My God, Bess, you are had." "Yes, I am bad." "But what's the matter? Can't any thing be done? What did the doctor say?" ' "The doctor. Do you think all tlio doctors in Australia could cure a woman of eight years of him and two of you, not to speak of all that went before." "Do you mean to say that you are dying?" "Yes; at least I hope so." "Tho deuce! And is there nothing to he done?" "Oh, yes. plenty to be done. Just put me back in the condition you found me ten years- ago. and I'll perhaps, yes, perhaps, get better." "It wasn't such a very prosperous or hopeful condition either." "No." She buried her face in tho shawl, and a cough whose import could not be mistaken shook the frail couch, and all the rickety fabric of tho room. "Bess." he said at length, leaning over her, "can I get you anything. Could you take a wine, delicate food?" There was no answer for a while. Per haps she was nursing her strength, per haps meditating words. At length, un covering her face. "Yes, you might get me a little patience to endure this, and a little innocence to help me to meet that. You might give me back a few of the poor old rags of womanhood, of which you stripped me, and you might give me a message' Hugh Ramsay, for the old man when I meet him." He drew hack contemptuous of her first, and wincing at her last words. "Always the same. Bess, hungering af ter the impossible." 'Are you married yet, Ramsay?" "No." "Then never do marrv. It wouldn't be good for you. I might learn some queer things over there, and find means to tell tliem to your wife." "My poor woman, this Is all absurd between you and me. Granted all my obligations to you, you must know that ten years ago all the odds of knowledge and experience were on your side, not mine. You took your own course and made your own bargain." "Yes, that is so, and it is just like- you; you were always the same. You bought me and paid for me, got tired of me or found me a nuisance, and got rid of me. If I had been a little bit harder I might have done better perhaps. There have been chances enough to do a bit of robbery here; it might have been necessary to murder perhaps, but that does not matter, I suppose, if one is hard enough. "You know I could do nothing else at that time. I had 110 control of money." "No, and I was afraid of the city without money." "Come, be reasonable; money is, no obstacle now. Let me take you out of this, send you to Sydney. You will get better there. I will give you a fixed yearly income or a large sum to enable you to leave the country." A return of the cough seemed- to answer this proposal, and It was un- mistakeable as the knell from the church tower to one who has travelled far and hopes yet to greet a living friend. It seemed a long time before she looked up to him again; it may have been ten minutes, and then, though her voice was low, the words spoken were clear and determined. "You wanted to know what the doc tor said." "Yes." "Well, he examined me carefully, and found a little bit of everything left, which, all put together, meant a little bit of life. A week or two, or a month or two — not longer, certainly. I knew it well enough, but wanted just for sa tisfaction sake to hear it from another. Having heard, I began to think of how I would spend it. At first I thought of making sure of going out with the drought; of . drinking hard and getting hot, and savage and desperate; of dying amongst the dying bullocks when the crows are thick. It seemed to me the proper and natural end for such a life as mine. But the drink made me fearful, superstitious. Folk say you know a lot about drink, Hugh Ramsay. Does it always work that way? Do you see ugly things when you drink? Do you dream ugly dreams? , He was tapping his hoot impatiently and looking as one who is impatient, vexed, and expectant of relief. "You don't care to talk about these things. You are reformed now. Well, so am I. I am going to die properiy, decently, as I suppose the priests and the old women say, and you can help mo a little In that way. Don't hurry now, I am coming to an end, I am go ing to tell you just how you can help me and be for ever rid of me. Go into the bar, will you, Mr. Ramsay, I don't think you will find any wine or delicate food there, but bring me a little brandy." . He obeyed, and after drinking she sat up and said. I think I shall live about a month, and just as a contrast, per- hdbs, to my first idea I should like to live that month in a hospital, where clean living and kindly women will be about me, and priests will eome and read and pray. I don't know If I shall be able to pray; I don't know If I shall even try, but I shall have what I never had before. That, however, Is my business. Now I will tell you what help I want. I suppose nowa days you give subscriptions to those places, and could write an order, but I want a little more than that. You will write, if you please, a' letter, and say that your family is under some ob ligation to the poor woman who bears it, and that you desire her to have all the atentlon her condition requires, and that yon will pay its cost. "I will do that." "Of course you will. Isn't it a chea per got out than you over expected?" "Is there no chance of our parting kindly, Bess?" "No chance, no hope, no desire what ever. I want you In addition to that letter to give me your word here that you will never see' me ,or seek me, or In quire aftr me, living or dead. Pro mise that. Swear It, swear." "I do swear It. It shall be as you wish." "Then go. There is no good-bye. It If only the closing of a bargain. Write that_ letter to-night. I shall be ready to start at. nine to- morrow morning. Let one of your men deliver It to me here before that time. Once more . she sank back on the couch, concealing her face, he, understood it was not in collapse, but with intent to intimate 'hat their interview was closed.He wait ed- five minutes, then turned and back ed towards the door, opened it, and paused on the threshold for an instant. She made no sign, and he walked very softly along the passage Into the bar. Duigan was there In his familiar at titude. "She Is going Into Bourke to the hos pital to-morrow." "So she told me." "I shall write a letter making my self responsible for all expenses. It will be delivered here by 8 in the morn ing." "Might as well write a cheque for me when you are about it." "A cheque for you!" "Yes, I'm full up of this. I tell you it ain't safe for folks to live about here. There's too much dying going on. The country ain't healthy, boss." "You'd better come up and see me to-morrow, Duigan. I'll buy you out if you want to sell. Good night, to you." 1 I-Ie took his horse from the boundary rider and rode away in a subdued mood. The track ran just across that, tongue of trees where the Indian had been told to seek for water. It was still an hour from sunset when lie arrived there, and beheld that personage standing by Ills horse and looking fixedly Into the (lam ing west. The horse looked dead-beat and famished, nor was there a blade of grass or a leaf of edible scrub for miles around. It went against Ramsay with the peo ple of the district that he had a weak ness for Indians.Posslhly itwasa weak ness of the blood, some responsive stir of the strain lie had Inherited from Ills mother,- or It may have been, as was generally alleged, that lie liked any thing cheap. He had been amongst the first to favour the camel-carriers with their Afghan drivers, and had frequently threatened to establish a complete household of Indian servants. "Good day," said he. "Salaam, sahib," replied the Indian. "You know English?" "One, two words. Hungry, horse hungry, no food." "What are you doing?" No reply. "What sell?" He touched the pack on the saddle. "Pack all gone; horse eat him, eat me." The boundary rider was coming up behind. Ramsay beckoned him, "Bring this fellow along to the station and let liim camp at the" hut to-night. I'll see him in the morning. He might suit me for a cook." The Indian seem ed rapidly to grasp the meaning of the arrangement made, and 10 minutes later was riding in solemn silence at the boundary rider's side, who scowled at him for one mile and cursed at him for another with equal lack of effect. _ Their pace was painfully slow, and it was long past dark when he pushed him through the open door of the hut, saving to the cook, "Here, doctor, a mate the boss has sent you; better look him up some chow-chow. If he's hun gry as his moke he wants it." Not one, of the men within the hut offered any greeting, but the Indian bestowed an obsequious salaam on them all, then -passed quickly along by the table and squatted down on his hams by the mighty fire. CHAPTER X.— OF BILLY JUBILEE. The antipathy Australian bushmen cherish against a yellow-skin of any creed does not render them brutal to wards him, at least while he eats theh salt,1 and this Indian, having fed, was permitted to occupy his place by the fire free of insult or reproach. He smoked and offered others his curious ly-knitted pouch of very good tobacco. He muttered "Cold, cold," at times, and the doctor brought in huge logs, and essayed to explain how the fire might be kept in all night. "You campee there; 'spose coldee putee 'em onee. See!" The Indian salaamed a good deal, and with difficulty made it clear that he did see, then fell to meditating, as the others to pitching. Had that In dian's understanding been equal to his hearing this is the sort of conversation (somewhat deprived of its pith and point by necessary expurgation) which would have entertained him: — "So the boss copped you, Billy?" "He did; had me to rights. But his bark's worse than his bite, an' I reckon he was thinkin' too much about her in side to pay much attention to me." "His bark's all right, so long as he don't begin to bite; but It's look out then, I can tell you." "Aye, It is." The latest contributors to the dia logue were the carpenter and the blacksmith of the station, fixtures on the place for twenty years past, as men of their class frequently are. The ooolc or "doctor," who was but a one-year man spoke again, half resentfully, "What's the yarn about his biting, anyhow?" "You'll leai'n that in good time may be. Still I'm not for saying that he don't get better as he gets older. But if this drought holds it may put liim wrong, and if that woman gets any crankier before she dies R's hard to say what may happen." "She's going into Bourke Hospital to morrow. Duigan told me that." It wap Billy who spoke, and the two old hands muttered "Aye" and "Oh," and relapsed into silence. "Who Is she, anyhow?" asked the cook. "What's crooked about her?" "That's a long story," said the carpenter. "Longer the better. The night's long, and we're all at home." (to bb continued.) 