HAUNTED. CHAPTER III. "No, no!" cried she, quickly shrinking back, her voice full of fear. "I mean," she added, striv- ing to resume her ordinary manner and tone, "that I won't go on look- ing at the sky." "Did you see the sunset?" asked he, coming close to her side, hoping to detain her, if but a few moments. It was so sweet to him to be thus alone with her. Oh, that he dared feel that this was the propitious moment to tell her of his love. "The sunset?'" said she. "Surely there was no sunset to notice to- night?" "Yes, such a remarkable one. Miss Earle meant to make you look at the sky." "Ah, yes. I remember now!" exclaimed Delia, hastily and con- fusedly, with the air of one who strives to recall a forgotten circum- stance. In truth, the trouble pressing upon her had chased small occurrences away. Lord Lindsay could not help say- ing to himself, "What is it that absorbs her, and why was she so troubled at my appearance just now?" But the affection he had for her overpowered those minor question- ings, and he said in a tone low and lover-like, "I had so looked for- ward to to-day — to the happiness of spending some of it with you! And it has been so long, for I have counted the hours as they went by, because your society was denied me. Are you really better now? Were you going to rest here till dinner - time?" "I — I wandered down here for a little change," stammered she, "I will go and find Fay. But I will not talk much now, or I shall be stupid instead of agreeable this evening." "Never aught but agreeable to me!" breathed he, softly. And he had already imprisoned her fingers in his own— how un- naturally cold they were! — when the sound of voices, the opening of the door, the entrance of Mrs. Ashley any Fay, interrupted him. "Since I dare not accept the love I feel that he would offer if I per- mitted him, let me avoid the dread- ful pain of having to reject him in so many words," thought the un- happy girl. "I will spare him the mortification ; I will spare myself the task which would be too great for me; I will avoid him, and he will understand. It is but for a few days more!" Several times that evening, as Lord Lindsay sat by her side, did he detect the large tears swell to her eyes— tears which she forced back. Once, indeed, the effort was too great for her ; she had to rise hurridly on some pretence to con- ceal the tell tale anguish in her face. But a moment after she turned and faced the assembled party with some gay remark, and no one de- tected her sorrow, but he who watched her so lovingly. "She is grieving about something — something she is trying to conceal Oh, that she would let me share her unhappiness, and take all her cares upon me!" And then it was natural that he should ask himself what secret cause of trouble she could have. She the heiress of Larch Abbey, with the whole world at her feet? Who approaches her without defer- ence or affection? No one. As soon as darkness came creep- ing over the January sky on the following night, she left her room (in which she had remained the whole afternoon), and sought the library. But she had hardly entered it when she became aware that Lord Lindsay, her brother Reginald, and one or two people besides, were chatting round the fire. Immediately she retired ; without being observed as she imagined. But Lord Lindsay had seen her, and instantly followed her into the hall, in the hope of ex- changing one precious sentence with her. She did not perceive that he had followed her, and what was his suprise at seeing her go to the entrance hall, open the door (which was only locked) and pass out into the cold air. Uncertain what to do, not daring to follow her, he stood irresolute ; and as he hesitated, asking himself what it meant, Delia returned shivering, and as if suffering from suppressed excitement. It was plain, also, that she was greatly disconcerted at finding him await- ing her there. But she strove to speak lightly. "When one has a stupid head- ache, a dose of fresh air sometimes does more good than anything else" said she, trying to smile and to prevent her agitation betraying itself. He was silent ; for she spoke with a forced smile, an assumed calm. "But perhaps it was unwise to to go without any wrap, and so late," continued she. "However, it is but just five o'clock." "Will you forgive me?" said Lindsay, approaching her and speaking with infinite affection in his voice, infinite tenderness look- ing out of his eyes — "will you for- give me if I ask to know what it is that troubles you— and — to share it?" The avowal of the devotion he felt for her trembled on his lips ; he longed to tell her that he was there henceforth to take all her cares on himself, when she prevented his further speech. "You are not to assume that I have troubles, Lord Lindsay, and I must not stay shivering here, or I shall soon have an undeniable trouble in the shape of a cold," And she left him standing there, and ran upstairs— left him with unspeakable anxiety and pain in his heart. Delia carried with her even a deeper grief than his. She had rushed round at all hazards to the library window, and there had found the letter she sought. That was the weight she carried, and with it mis- ery without end in this life. She burst into uncontrollable tears when in the retirement of her own room, and, as soon as she could still them, took out the fatal letter, or rather packet, for such it was. Bending down before the bright fire blazing in the polished grate, her shaking fingers separated the many letters in the parcel. What where they? Oh, she dis- cerned easily! Full well she recog- nised the handwriting of a dear old aunt, now abroad for the winter. Here were many of her letters, sent years since to her nephew James in America. She had always corres- ponded with him, and would remember him well. Here was proof indeed! But the letter from her outcast brother contained many proofs, for in it he alluded to much that it was impossible any stranger could have known. And there were letters from her father and his. Delia knew the writing well. Could she cherish a doubt any longer? . Alas! she knew now that she could not. The letter from her brother him- self was as follows: "If these enclosures are not suffi- cient proof, what other can I offer you? But can you doubt that I am indeed your brother, Delia? — erring indeed, but suffering and repentant and still your brother? "See me but once— I have no right to petition for more than one interview— and we can then arrange a way in which you may transmit to me money for my pressing wants. You must see that it is impossible we can correspond in this way. Anyone may find our letters, or may see you or me at the library window and then all sorts of surmises might arise, unpleasant to yourself. Let me persuade you, then, to grant me one interview. It is your own brother who implores it. To-mor- row I will be at the deershed in the Park, in the hope that you will come to me there ; and a few minutes will do more towards arranging future matters than could many letters. I will be in the deershed at eleven o'clock. "Oh, Delia, do not fail your wretched brother! And do one thing before you come to settle your last doubt as to my identity. There must surely be several of my letters to my father still in existence. Compare these with the writing in this note to you, and you will find the similarity, even though a broken wrist has disabled me from entirely preserving the firm hand I once wrote. "Your troubled and unhappy brother, "James Larch." The last hope was over for Delia. Kneeling there in the firelight, with every luxury surrounding her, she felt the cold chill of actual despair. "He has slain a man, perhaps ; and is a forger," she went on, murmuring to herself ; "and I— I am his own sister. What right have such as I to the love of Lindsay Deane?" Overwhelmed with grief, she knelt on, forgetting all the passing events of the hour. Her maid's summons at the door first roused her. "I knocked ten minutes ago, miss but you did not hear ; but it's just within a quarter of an hour of dinner, and I was afraid there would be no time to dress you." Delia sat passive as her maid re- arranged her hair. That individual, after a short cough or two, ventured a remark. "There's bean great excitement in the servants' hall to-night, miss ; and I've made bold to tell you because of the handkerchief which was found miss, and the figure you thought you saw on Christmas Eve." Delia felt a chill run through her. "What of that?" she said faintly. "Why, miss, the under footman, John, was going round with a message to the stables just after dusk, and he'd nearly reached the back court when all at once he saw a tall figure, as black as night, in a sort of wide-awake hat, glaring on him with a wild stare. John was that terrified he'd no heart to seize him ; and now some of the old servants say 'tis a ghost, miss, and 'twas well John left him alone' (To be Continued.) 