A GREAT TOUR BY THREE ENGLISHMEN. LIV. As one of tne party spoiie .uurmese J •we got along capitally with tlie natives. They would insist, however, on address ing us as their lords, which might have been embarrassing' in Piccadilly, but was amusing in a Burmese jungle ham let. As cigars are not expensive in the land—you get eight for a penny—we scattered seeds of kindness in the shape of cheap cheroots. The greatest com pliment you can pay a Butman is to hand him your half-smoked cigar, which he will suck at in a much delighted state of mind. The inconvenience arises when he returns the compliment. Few of the j Burmans had watches, yet they told the J time very accurately. Their cocks crow at sunrise, noon, sunset, and midnight, which was very kind of them. On in quiring the. reason why these eastern chanticleers were different from Euro pean cockerels, we learnt that whenever the priests got hold 'of unlawful litera ture. and burnt it the local cockerels al- i ways gobbled the ashes. Thus they r acquired certain cabalistic powers, and ' crowing four times a day was one of them. And three ofthe cyclists that day L ■tin0' .thexlire necessity of of the crowning Tlirie" the slaughte __..... pieces in order to provide food when we pulled up at a. wayside bungalow and found, by no means regrettingly, that one of our friends bad sent on his ser vant overnight with hampers of good things. And in the evening when we finished our day’s spin there was still another servant with more hampers. In the early afternoon we slipped from the darkened jungle into the great open sweep of rice or paddy fields before us. For miles and miles were stretches of slush. Buffaloes wallowed in it, drag ging rude contrivances to plough the mud. There were no hedges or trees, only slightly raised banks that did noth ing but prevent one man’s slush from mixing with his neighbor’s. A higher raised hank did duty as road, and along this we whirled in single file. Rice, we were informed, grows with hardly any labor. This admirably suits the indolent Burman. At harvest-time only the ears are sickled off, the straw being burnt to fertilise the land, which however, is so rich that it needs not fertilising. A Bunnese farmer pays about 3s an acre, and as the average yield is eighty bushels an acre, and the selling price of rice in Rangoon is 4s 6d a maund (SOlb), he ought soon acquire riches. But he is a squandering, im provident, happy-go-lucky fellow, and the British rice merchants are sharp men of business, learned in all mercan tile cuteness, Therefore at the end of the harvest John Burman is by no means so well off as he should be. Still, he always has a harvest festival, when he gives baskets of rice to the .priests, and invites the young people of his village to partake his hospitality. And, just as at the harvest home in Eng land, it is a lime of real happiness, and love-making and coquetry. The senti mental swain sings about the sapphire lakes where the lovely lotus ever blooms, of the beautiful butterflies and the melodious birds, the odor of the jas mine, and the brilliant peacocks and noble white elephants. Then the wag of the village' will sing a ridiculous tra vesty of the whole thing. The girls, after due persuasion, also sing, this time love ballads in a soft, lisping tone, ac companied by swinging of the body and the jutting out of the elbows. And as the night advances there are creepy ghost stories, anqi the young fellows fall to talking Qf them prowess in hunting, and the young giifls talk about frocks — in far-off Burma) is just’-.the same as England, thg oply difference being 80• dashing along the narrow bank that lay like a wand across the paddy’ fields, we began congratulations on the absence of rain. On that point we should have been silent. At the first word of congratulation up swung bat talions of black clouds, and when dir ectly over us they opened fire. In solid sheets the rain struck us. Those who owned mackintoshes put them on. Those whc>4 did not were speedily splattered with reddish mire. We were still twelve miles from Pegu, our destination, and the wet had set in for the night. It was a case of every man for himself and the devil take the- hindmost. We slithered and spluttered and splashed our way, and reached the dak bunga low at Pegu in odd ones and stray twos, in a desperately filthy and sodden con dition, but all swearing the ride had been splendid. The actual distance co vered that day was fifty-four miles. But one of our companions said this was a mistake. He was positive we had come 119 miles, and produced his cyclometer as corroborative testimony’. It was mildly hinted the cyclometer was wrong. The suggestion was a revela tion. "Ah!” he said, “that explains why it is that for months past I’ve secretly j prided myself on being the scorcher of ' Burma, whereas” — with a sigh — “I’m just an.ordinary rider after all.” All night it rained, and in the morn ing it was raining; the sky was full of rain, and the earth was covered with fain, together with a solution of mud. It was the 22nd June, the Queen’s Dia mond Jubilee Day, and we thought it distinctly unfair that Queen’s weather should all be used up at home whilst we, wandering Britishers, had to put up with showers And as we sauntered about and kicked our heels and whistled and waited for the weather to clear up, the idea struck us that maybe in Eng land they were also having desperate drenchings. The mere thought seemed to ease our trouble. Most of our friends gave the journey up as a bad job and went back to Rangoon. Within an hour of their departure there was a cessation of overhead hostilities. We got hold of a gaudily’ clad Burman to lead us across , swamps to see the famous reclining figure of Gautama. On his advice we took n coolie with us to carry us across the worst parts, or we would have stuck thigh-deep in the mud. It was a nasty uncomfortable journey’ but the image was worth seeing. It is made of brick, half as large again as the Sphinx, the face, arms, and feet well modelled. It is a singular monument, about which, were it within reach, tourists would go mad and. have their photographs taken in picnic groups in the open palm. As it is, it lies across a ditch almost hidden by enormous trees, visited rarely’ even by the Buddhists themselves. One would think it an admirable place for contem plation. We called on a couple of yel low robed priests living in a little temple close by’, and distui-bed their wonted serenity by giving them Egyptian cigar ettes and receiving presents of fruit from them in return. When we got back to Pegu we decided on a start. Our way was through greasy lanes that laqghed defiance at our non ' slipping Dunlop tyres. We charged through pools of water and were soon again splattered from head to foot. Do zens of fanciful temples, with quaint eaved spires showing over the planta tions indicated our approach to villages, which were every three or four miles. Often we dashed to the nearest hut for refuge from threatening downpours. Everybody was kind, especially the Chinamen, who are almost as thick as the Eurmese. There was no attempt at imposition such as we had experienced in other countries. If we gave too much for something, change. was handed to u-fl We met one Chinaman who spoke' EngS lish. “Come with us, John,” we said, “\vB are going to your country, to Shanghai, w “No fear, sir,” he replied, "too mucliyl darney rain.” 1 Therefore we hod to go on alone. It j was a day of plodding out slow progress- i ing, frequently along thin strips of trodden track, so that the rank jungle j grass scraped our face as we rode. . That j night we slept in a hut made entirely o£ i bamboos. The wind howled and the rain ! slashed as we ate with our fingers a J bowl of rice cooked by a native. We had come back to uncivilisation after after several 'weeks tff feting and lionis- j ing. It was a dismal Queen’s Jubilee ; day, and till we lay down on the floor and sought sleep we passed the time | picturing what Fleet street and the Strand and Regent street were like just then, and wondered if any of our friends 1 were also wondering what sort of a day i we had spent. j YAMETTIIN (Upper Burma). For six days our clothes were in a sodden, clammy, uncomfortable condi tion. In the day-time they became wet with the rain. At night we spread them out, hoping they, would dry, but in the j morning they were as nasty as before. I With shudders and ughs we crawled into them. True, we spent a whole Sunday endeavoring to get the wretched things into a wearable state. Yitth difficulty ^“..sJecnred a. wood fire. fBa hut, and hanging our Clothes' to .watch that a bla-.ee was kept going, j In the afternoon, he brought us our pro- j perty. The feet of two different colored j stockings were burnt off. and the hind i portion of a certain under garment had j disappeared, leaving but a singed trace 1 of what Darwin would call the rudiment. We saw that if we really wanted dry clothes we should end by having no . clothes at all. When the native asked to be recompensed for his trouble we gave him the shirt and odd stockings. Since then we were content to ride in : damp clothes. There was nothing else j for it. The atmosphere was so sur charged with moisture that even under cover nothing would dry Our shoes and our bicycle saddles regularly went green with mould every night. It was only by keeping the bearings and the driving-chain constantly oiled that the machines were at all rideable. Articles packed away in our bags were affected. Matches refused to strike, and when, after the eleventh effort, patience was rewarded, the cigar was altogether too / damp to be smoked. If anybody at home wants to know what our experiences in Burma were like let him picture the very worst, sloppy, slushy country lane in England Let him picture that lane interminable, with big, flooded ruts, and by the wayside only a few straw-covered shelters, which are annoying, because there is certain to be a leak above the back of one’s neck; let him struggle along this lane with frequent divergences into thick copses, where there is a faintly- traced path, and his face is»slashed with tall, rank grass, or scratched by prickly ■jioughs. And all the while it is raining, ever raining, and when he meets a man he can’t explain wbat he wants—then, maybe, he’ll get some idea of our trials in Burma. It is well that folks in the East don’t call their downpours rain. They always emphasise bad weather by speaking of the rains, for certainly the plurality is necessary. Though we were a wonder to the natives, we were still more a wonder to the few Englishmen we came across. “Goodness,” they always exclaimed, “how on earth do you find your way?” We could never tell them, because we did not know ourselves. We only knew that by pushing on we would get some where, and the somewhere was generally the place we wanted to reach. Occa sionally, however, we reached somewhere Our abiding- difficulty was (he lam guage. It is monosyllabic, rapid, sliort, and soft. Few Englishmen are able to speak Burmese intelligently, and the Government maps with which we tra velled have the names of places spelt phonetically, or as some official thinks they should be spelt. Therefore our pronunciation of one officially-spelt vil lage was frequently different to the name given by the country people them selves. We worked our way from Nyaunglebin to Nyaunchidauk, to Kywebwe, to Myohla, to Kyidaunggan, to Hngetthaik, and to somewhere else_ every name pronounced as though the speaker -were in a hurry—with anything but ease. Now and then we ran into towns where there were small ■ colonies of British, such as at Toungoo, at Pyin mana, and Yamethin But it was gene rally dusk when we arrived, we were glad to lie down and rest in the dak bungalows, and then we were off again shortly after daybreak, so that we saw' little of our countrymen. Besides, we had grown reckless about our personal appearance. Collars, even woollen ones, were superfluities, our knickerbockers were mud-stained, and,-further, v'hen a razor has not been near a man’s chin for ten days, he is hardly in a call making state. Our great reason, how ever, for making no halt was anxiety to get out of the rainy region into the dry zone of Upper Burma. One day’s journey W’as woefully like the preceding day’s journey. There wras a plentiful lack of excitement. It vras just possible we might have met a tiger. A spot was showm to us w’herc the day before a tiger had killed a bul lock But luck was not in our way. At one spot our route led to a river side. In far-off days there had been a bridge, but the planks had disappeared, and all that remained w'ere the rotten upright posts and a few wobbling con necting joists. The stream was muddy and swollen, and rushed with a roar tw'enty feet below. It wras a risky undertaking, but it was obligatory to get to the other side. Lunn made the first essay, and balancing his machine under his right arm, went gingerly for ward. There were several ominous cracks, swayings, and tiltings-up, and every moment v’e anticipated he would fall into the river. Anyway, he got over. The other two of us, however, lost our nerve when about half-way. It was a curious sensation. XVhen a man carry ing a loaded bicycle weighing 751b. over a twisted rotten four-inch beam with a. fast river beneath him discovers that his knees have an unaccountable shakiness he feels an ass. It is all very well to be heroic and say, “Knees, be still!’’ But they won’t be still, and in our case there was no persuading them. So we had to sit down and reason with ourselves over the absurdity of any prospect of a fall. That was no avail either. So, with help, and in the most undignified of crawling attitudes, we got ourselves and our bicycles off those whetched beams. The next day we were confronted by another river. This time there was not even the skeleton of a bridge. Half a dozen Burmans crawled out of their huts, and by signals we explained that we desired to get across. In reply they signalled we must undress and wade. One of them started to ford the stream, and at the deepest it was up to his armpits. We did not appreciate the prospect, and we shook our heads. Then they produced a raft made of four ham- ! boos tied together. It would just carry 1 one man if he knew how to manage it, I and even if one of us succeeded, how were the others to be got over? So the raft was out of the question, it took a long time getting it into the heads of the jungle-dwellers that if there was a bridge within twenty, miles we would go that way. At last there seemed a glimmer of intelligence, and when we ]ur_ The',; with bl^^P^^^^^ncTi;nel ___ EnormousVi^W; slim aW^^eathery headed, rustled aloft, and through the branches and in the leaves was the eternal swish of the rains. Gnarled trunks, blasted by lightning, blocked the narrow path, and over these and round we had to drag our mud-clogged Rovers, frequently ourselves sinking above the shoes in the black squashy mire. In front . trudged the Burman. quite content with, a cheroot, as large as a carrot and the same shape, stuck be tween his lips, and then the three of us came in Indian file. Now and again wo called a rest, for it was arduous work. Standing in the matted thicket wo were frequently impressed by the awful silence of the jungle. There was no rustle of beast among the grass, no scurrying squirrel, not a bird to be seen or a twitter to be heard. On later days, when there was half an hour’s cessation of the rains, and when we listened for the songsters, none were to be heard. It was [always the same rank, /tropical vegeta i±-.— . i-„t..nf\\-eiTi_breaking twig to dis- / turb the terrible hush; And so through this dense, silent world we pressed a way. "How much, further is it?” we kept asking, in out desperation, and the Burman, slowly moving his cheroot, and telling quite well from our countenances what the words were, would grin and wave his hand ahead. We followed. We were just beginning to marvel what sort of ' quagmire we would find ourselves in, when suddenly our guide gave an excited shout. We peered under the branches and saw telegraph poles. In another two minutes we had thrown our bicycles over a wire fence, and were on the little narrow-gauge railway' that runs from, the coast on the Gulf of Martaban up tcv Mandalay. And there, sure enough, was a fine iron bridge spanning the river. We decided to keep close to the line.. There was a path on the side trudden by; the feet of coolies, and along this we rode long distances. Occasionally the walk: was hard, and we could spin at twelve miles an hour. More often, however, it was soft, yielding; sand, through which the machines.-re fused to go or soft mud in which the wheels, would skid without progressing. It was impossible to make any compu tation how much ground we covered in. one day. We did cover sixty miles once, but the next day we only managedl twenty, and with infinitely more labor. At intervals were huts for the coolies. lit these we sheltered when the rain was taking exercise by a doubly- vigorous downpour. Our enforced stoppage one time was for over four hours. Them was nothing to do but to twiddle our thumbs and wait and wait and wait. As long as we were on the line we kept meeting Burmans with a smattering of English. They were buoy-ant-spirited. keenly enjoying a joke, and we made friends with many of them. We had! only to mention food to receive an invi tation to go to their houses. If we ad mired the rainbow tinting in a Burman’s' silken headgear he would immediately; say, “I give it you; yes, sir, y-ou do me great honor by accepting it.” We al ways refused these effusive kindnesses, of the Burmans. Some curious sidelights on the Bur mese character flashed, across our path. For instance, we were glad to learn that Friday, the next day on. which we started our cycling adventure, which (is usually regarded in the »iS£st is looked! [ upon 'byTthe Burmes^m5£^pa?flB|B^ happy- day-. We were so rudely inyusi tive as to ask one gentleman how often, he washed his head. He said only once a month, because if he put water fre quently on his hair, he would annoy the spirit residing in his skull, and then; there was no telling what might happen. One man, with a wide, laughing mouth and shelving eyebrows, evidently, of some education, and who ought to have known better, said he supposed we were travelling in a northerly direction;, to miss Nagah? We confessed a complete ignorance oC the gentleman. “Why-,” exclaimed oui; friend, “he is a great monster, like a dragon, that is always crawling ancf crawling round the world, tailing whole, year to go once round. If you go front his tail to head, you all right; but if you; go other way, you sure drop into hiss mouth. Now that beast has head to north, and you go all right.” W.e thanked! him for his intelligence, because we might ignorantly have gone wandering; to the south, and it would have been awkward to have fed Nagah on bicycles till he started feeding himself on us. Another Burman we met was de lightfully childlike and bland. When he saw one of our much-vised passports,, “demanding and requiring in the name of Her Majesty- the Queen,” he at once concluded we were officials sent by- Lord Salisbury- to ride through the Burmese jungles on bicycles and submit reports to an eager and impatient Parliament. “You will meet Mr Robinson up coun try,” he said. “You sure to know him. He came also from London.” We mentionally incidentally there were at least four Robinsons, may be five, and very possibly six Robinsons in London. “Well, it is very strange if you not know Mr Robinson up country. He very great man. Another man, with big stomach and gold chain, he come to me three years ago, and he say if I send rubies to London, he will sel} for me, and' send money. I send five hundred rupees’ rubies to London. No money- come.. Then I write my friend, put his name and address very plain. But letter back. My friend not to be found—gone away. Very much singular, my- friend not discovered, and me not get my money!” Every day our eyes were kept very " closely bn. one' panticuiai- A; stroke on the map, for that signified the line where we were to leave the rainy region, and enter upon the dry belt o£ country-. It was as experience had. taught us to expect. Our first day in the dry zone was the wettest and most wretched we had experienced in Burma. We truly got a little weary of the jog along the footpath. Little scenery- was hy- the way-, except the far-away range of blue mountains bordering the Shan, States, cuddled by the long, white arms of billowy- clouds. One night we accept ed the bare comfort of a station wait ing-room. We turned out to watch the Mandalay mail train halt. The plat form was almost deserted, and we could see half a dozen Englishmen; lounging lazily in the saloon. One of. us stood close to the carriage, and, imi tating the Underground porter’s voice,, shouted, “Sloane square, South Ken sington, Brompton road, and Earl’s Court only; third behind.” It was at strange Cockney twangy noise to break’ the night’s stillness in Upper Burma and as we popped into the shadow half a dozen heads popped ouit of that sa loon window. Then we heard laughter : Four railway companies, the Great Western, the Great Eastern, the South Western, and the North-Western, bring into London about 20,000,000 gallons of milk every year. 