4 MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE, AND VOUCHED FOR BY A ' PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED UNUURABLE BX ThE FIRST PHiBiUlAjSS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR ±-& WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. ? (From the Australian Worhnay,.) On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home uf Mr. Thomas JarviB, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursinsr a two- vear-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Syd ney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. ^ In reply to the preliminary ques tions, he said : ' You want to know all.about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that 1 had to leave off work and I have done nothingsince then. About five years ago, next Christ mas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was1 forced to give up my billet at the; Glebe Island/' / '* What were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. , The pains were something terrible. They were juat about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuis ance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shiverinc and shak ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a ' well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions.' 'Did you make use of the order?' 'No ; I came home and went- to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctorwas attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or. progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the 'spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbance of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. 1 read in the adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit my own, I determined to give *Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as mar vellous as is was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the .fifth box, lean walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality, You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvi8, who bad come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day that I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the man telpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows ine has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this coun try of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such as anosmia, pale and sallow com plexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, neryous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our re porter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused ad mission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowen was, there fore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are ob ta nable from all leading chemists, orv from the Dr. Williams' Medi ci- e Company, Queen's Piaco, S dney, who will forward (post p id) on receipt of stamps or post o d er 1 box for 3s., or £ dozen for 15s. 9d. 