SERMON FOR SUNDAY Elags of "War. By the Rev. Be. Talmaqe. In tlie name of God wo will sot up « our ban- ar."— Ps. xx. G. The tbrco buimers of tho Lord's hosts uro tho frinuer of prnclurnution, tho banner for veoruite, und tho bunuor of .viotory. 1\. The bunuer of proclamation. "YVhen a nation feels its rights infringed, < or its honour SnnitHn/1 wlmn ir.u niti'/PiiM hiivn. in fnrmim dimes, been oppressed, und no indemnity lias boon offorcd to the inhabitant of tho ropublio h kingdom, a proclamation of war is uttered. On tbo top of batteries, and arsouuls, and custom-houses, and revenuo offices, Bugs aro Immediately swung out. All who look ujion them realise tho fact that uncompromising war is declared. Thus it is that tho Church of Jesus Christ, jealoutt for tho honour of its Sovereign, and determined to got buck thoso who bavo been carried off captivo into tho bondago of Satan, and intent upon tho de struction of wrongs which huvo so long ourscd the earth, and bunt upun the extension of tbo Saviour's roign of morey, in tbo namo of God vets up its bunuor of proclamation. At tho gato of Eden tho declaration of per petual enmity was nuido against tho sorpeni. The tumult round about Mount Sinui was only tho roar and flush of God's v artillery of wrath against Bin. Sodom on flro was only ono of God's flaming bulletins announcing hostility. Ninoyoli and Tyro uud Jerusalem in awful rum murk tho track of Jehovah's advancement. Thoy show that God was terribly iu earnest when Ho announced Him self abkorront of all iniquity. They mako us believe that though nations belligerent and rovengoful may sign articles of puaco and como to uu amicablo adjustment, there shall bo no cessation of hostilities bstweon tho forces of light and tho forces of darkness until tho kingdoms of this world liavo become tho kingdoms of our Lord. Affrighted by no opposition, discouraged by no tem porary defeats, shrinking from no exposure— fcvory man to his position, while from tho top pf our schools and churches and seminaries And asylums, "in tho namo of God wo will sot up our baunors." 2.. Again, it was tbo custom in ancient times, for tli'o purpuso of gatlicriug armies, to lift an enrign on tho toi> of sorno high lull, so that all who saw it would feci impelled to ruily around it. Iu moro modern times tho sumo plan has been employed for tho gather ing of an army. Thus it is that tlio ohurch of Christ lifts its flag for recruits. Tho eroas of Jesus is our standard, planted Dti tho hill of Calvary. Other armies demand that persons desiring to ontcr tho lists of war Bhull bo" botweon such and such an oge, lest tho folly of oxtromo youth or tbo infirmity of advanced ago be a clog rutlicr than uu udvnutugo. But riono aro too young for Ohrist's regiment ; nouo can bo too old. Many of you havo loug ago had your names written on thn roll of celestial troops, and you liko tho servico woll, although you now hoar tho soars of multitudinous couilicts, nud can recount nmuy a long march, and tell of sicgo-guus opened on you that, you thought novor would bo spiked. But thero may bo some who have not. yet enlisted. Your being horo may imply . that you ure seriously thinking about it, und your attention makes mo hope you uro ouly looking for tlie standard to bo hoisted. Will you not, a hundred of you, with all tho aroused enthusiasm of your nature, como bounding into tho ranks while "in tho namo of God wo Bot up our bunnors?" Through natural modesty do you hold hack nnd say, "I will boot' no advantage to1 Christ ; I am too uwkward to lcarh tho step of tho host, or to bo of any sorvico in tho shock of battle?"' To you I make tho reply, Try it. Ono hour unucr Christ's drill, uud you would so woll understand His rules that tho first step of your murch heavenward would mako tho gates, of holl tremblo on their hirigos. Wo may not bo us polished nnd trim as many Christiana wo huvo kuown, and wo may not us woll understand shurp- shooting, but tlioro is rough work which wo , can all accomplish. Wo do. not euro whoro, ! wo do not ouro what— if wo win only help in tho cause of our King, and sliout as loudly ah any of thorn at tho conquest. Thero aro non-professors who havo a vory correct idea of what Christians ought to ho. You say followers of Christ ought to bo honourable, humble, and selfi>donying, und charitable, and patient, and forgiving. Amen !. So thoy ought. Como into tho kingdom of Christ, my hearer, and bo just that glorious Christian that you havo do- loribed. Every church 1ms enough stingy ?ion iu it to arrest its charities,' and enough proud mon in it to griovo away tho Holy Ghost, and enough luzy inou in it to hang on behind till its wheels, liko PharaohVohiiriots,' , flrag hoavily, and onough worldly men to exhaust tho pationeo of tho vory olcet, and enough snarly mon to ihuko appropriate tho Biblo warning, "Bownro of clogs." If any of you mon on. tho outsido of tho kingdom oxpoct to niuko such Christians as Unit, wo do not want you to come, for thot ohurch has already a million members too many of just that kind. Wo do not want our ranks crowded with serfs ' when wo can . have them tilled with zouaves. Thero uro men now, as in Ohrist's time, : _ possessed of seven doyils. . . In somo instances' it seems as though at cou version , only six of thoso ovil spirits wore ' cast out, 'wliilo thero rorauins still ono in tho hoart — tho dovll of avarice, tho ' dovil of lust, or tho doyil of prido, . 3. Again, wlioh a; grand viotory hns been won, it is bustomavy to anuounoo it by flags floating from publio buildings, and from .; trees, and from tho mnHts of ships. Thoy are ; tho signal for oulogy and rojoioing. So tho ( > ensign tho church hoists is u banner of vio- " toyy. k. Tlioro was a timo whim tho roligion of Ohrisb was not oonridored respectable. Mon of learning and position frowned upon.it.- \- Governments nnathomatisod its supporters.' To bo a Christian was to hn an undorlingi But mark tho difference. Religion 1ms com pelled tho world's rcspoat. Infidelity, in tho 1 tremondoufi offort it luis made to crush it, has complimented ils power ; and tlioro is not now a single civilised nation but, iu its constitution, or laws, or proclamations, .pays homage to tho roligion of Christ. Wo point not to fortresses and standing armies And navies as tlio ovidonco of tho ohuroh's progress ; wo point to tho mon whom Ohrifit nuB redoomod by His blood. What if arBonals and navy-yards do not belong to tho ohiiroli P ' Wo do not want them. Tho weapons of our warfaro aro not carnal, but spiritual, and mighty through God to tlio pulling down of strongholds. Thn world and Satan havo no Idea of tho strongtli uud heroism which God will yet lot out against tlio foroes of dnrlcnoss. As yotthoy havo had only ono round from tho flrstrogimont. Tlwlord of hosts will soonappoitr iu tho flold at. tho bond of His troops. Be- pond upon it that, when God inspires tbo soul with a now life, lie puts in it the principle of "novor give up." In nil ages of tho churoh thore have boon thoso who lntvo had a faith that was almost e'qual. to sight, looking through persecution and roverses with (is much oxpoctatiou as through palpable acbicvomonts. Thero havo been men for Christ who havo acted us did tho favourite troops of Brieu uttaoked by. Fitzpatrick of Ossory. Tho wounded soldiers begged that they might enter tho flgbfc with tho others. Thoy said, "Lot stakes bo stuck in tlio ground, and suffer -caoli of us, tied to nnd supported by one of these stakes, to battlo in tho ranks by tho sido'of'U sound nmn." It is- said that 700 or 800 mon, pale and emaciated from- former wounds, and thus supported by tlio stakes, struggled through tho combat. Tlius lias it bceu that multi tudes of tho children of God, ' though fooling themselves weak and- wounded— perhups in soul, perhaps in body, perhaps in estate— supported by the staff of God's promise, liavo warred it up to tho hilt in tho subjugation of a world of wiokcdncss. Wo uro mighty in this cause, for wo havo tho liolp of angelic messengers from high hcuvon. They stand behind us to keep us from ignominious rotroat ; thoy go beforo to oncourago us in tho strife. Wo go not alone in tho flold. Wo havo inviuciblo allies .in tlio dumb elements of nature. As Job said, wo aro in lcaguu with tho very stones of tho field. Tho sun by day and tho moon by night, directly or indirectly, shall favour Christianity. Tho stars in their courses uro marshalled for us, us thoy fought against Siscra. Tho winds of heaven aro now us certainly acting , in favour of. Christ as iu Reformation times, when tho inviuciblo Armada, iu its pride, approached tho coast of England. As that proud navy directed its guns against tho friends of Christ and roli- gious liberty, God said unto His winds, "Seize hold of thorn! " and to tho sou, "Swallow thorn!" Tho Lord, with His tempests, dashed tlioir hulks together and splintered them on tho rooks, until tho flower of Spanish prido and valour lay crushed among tho waves of tho soubenoh. AH nro ours. Aye ! God tho Father, God tho Son, and God tho Holy Ghost aro our allies. By-und-by you would hardly leuow tho earth if you saw it. Tho- world as a wholo shall ho as greatly improved as tho individual heart by conversion. Fraud, leaving its triokery, will go to work for an -bonosb living. Knavery shall begin to mako righteous bar gains. Passion shall- answer to tlio control of reason. Scoffers shall bo changed into wor shippers, and sceptics into Biblo-lovors. Christ shall bogiu His work on earth. Whether or not Ho then descends on the earth in person and establishes a government at Jerusalem, 'it will certainly bo an cm of moro than Augustan splendour. Thut is enough. Rhowing this, wo can novor despair. But as wo sec thoohuroh of Christ putting on her beautiful garments, wo will say, with tho enthusiasm of Oliver . Cromwell, who, standing beforo his siclc nud faminc- strickon\ soldiers at Bunbar, saw tlio sun rising out of tho morning, mist, and, poiuting to it with "his sword, uttorod a prayer which hurled liis men upon tho orushod foo liko a sky full of thunaor- bolte, "Ariso, OGod! letThino enemies be scattered;" With tho our of faith I catch tho sound of tho latter-day glory. Churoh of Christ, unsheathe thy sword, and this moment into tho battle I In the namo of Christ, march on ! My subject has taught you that in this contest wo aro not without onsigns. All wo wantnowismon to carry them. Before I sit down I must propose to cocli of you this groat honour. Becoming a Christian is not so ignoble a thing us many liavo thought it. "It makes a man stoop," you say. I know it, but it is only the stoop of an heir of royalty, who on his knees is to reooivoacrown of dominion. Wo want standard-bearors iu ull pulpits, in all places of business — every where. Without any condition, without any rcsorve, in tlio numo of the God of Isruol, I offer you tlio honour of carrying tho churoh'n ensigtis. Bo not bo nfraid of tho assaults of a world whoso ranks you desert, nor of devils who will opposo you with in fernal might. It woro moro hleBsod to fall hero tluin stand auywhero olso. Christ Iiqs declared it — "AU who aro not with Mo uro ugainst ine." Lord Jesus, wo surrondor. 