Tocun Gossip. Brief, then-What's the news.-KisiG JOHN. Mr. W. Moon's daughter, Emily, who has been suffering from typhoid fever, is still very ill. Mr. J. 0. L. Fitzpatrick is to speak at the Hospital Sunday Demonstration at Mudgee, this Sunday, April 4. A splendid programme has been arranged for the concert in aid of Windsor School of Arts, to be held on Wednesday. Mr. Elston, who has been employed at our looal contemporary's office for some time past, left the town on Monday last. E. Board's heavy flannelettes 2/11 doz. Heavy Melton cloth, 8/9 for lull dress, all colours. New serges acd curl cloths.*.. The sale of entrance gates, booths, &c.;, in connection with the Hawkesbury Races takes place this Friday afternoon, at S p.m. Mr. 0. Day, son of Mr. E. Day, of Mac* quarie-street, has been laid up during the week. Mr. and Mrs. C. Day are staying in town. Several of the local storekeepers still complain of the high price charged for gas, and threaten to cut it off unless a reduction be soon made. At the local Land Court on Thursday last, an application for an annual lease of 640 acres in the parish of Maroota, county of Cumberland, was made by James Henry Johnston. A big land Bale takes place at the local Court House on Wednesday, 21st inst., at 12 o'clock. A sale of the intestate es tate of Charles Alfred Owens will also be conducted at the same place this Friday. Now that the new bridge is almost com pleted, all sorts of enquiries are being made as to when the official opening will take plaoe. The new structure looks first-class and reflects great credit on the manager Mr. McCall. S If you want one of the latest pieces of music and songs go to R. A. PYE, Chemist, George-street, Windsor, where you will have hundreds of pieces to choose from. Don't forget the leading pharmacy before purchasing your goods, t Mr. Fred Yealding, who was billiard marker at the Fitzroy Hotel room, at present occupied by Mr. J. Bateman, when it was opened some few years ago, recently fell in for a fortune, and has gone to the fold country to take possession. Mr. R. W. Duns tan, who met with an Accident at the Windsor sale-rooms a fort night ago, through being knocked down by a, dog, is still confined to the house, and is being professionally attended. He has been, and is still, unable to walk. The pavements in front of both the Fitzroy and Royal Hotels ara at present in a very rough and untrafficable state, and unless the Council effects alterations or re pairs, some pedestrain or other will be get ting a leg broke shortly. Then there will l)e damages to meet. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Rivett left Windsor for England on Saturday morning last, travelling overland to Melbourne, where they have been enjoying a stay. It is their intention some months hence to return to this district. Report says that there is a fortune at stake, henoe their trip to the old county* The fatL^otts cure for many diseases, Viney's patented j?ipe-apple Rum, cures la grippe, bronchitis, influenza, sore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, catarrh, croup. This liquor to be had in any quantity, and at any price, at t b« Railway Hotel ONLY. Advice free at any tiute. Angelo J. Viney, Railway Hotel, Windsor;, proprietor. Estab lished 10 years.f Complaints having been made by River stone and Rouse Hill subscribers to the effect that they did not receive their GAZHTTE of March 20 until the following Tuesday. We find on enquiry that the papers were placed in the wrong bag at Windsor Post office, and were sent to Wiseman's Ferry. It is to be hoped this mistake will not occur again. It is very easy to discover whether local Oricket-clubs win their matches or lose, without attending at the ground. When they win, the scoring-book is left with re ligious regularity at the GAZETTE Office; when they lose, we have to send all over the town for the scores, oftentimes without getting them, because of the fact that they are lost." Both sides to a district match should send the scores along- and ^heo we would be sure to get them. Windsor C.C. play H.A. College O.C. at Fairfield this (Saturday ) Mr. John Nagle has taken a farm " on his own" at Freeman's Reach. Mr. Walter Wilbow, of Pitt Town, who went to West Australia some time ago, came home this week. The local Half-Holiday association hare arranged a picnic for Wednesday afternoon next, at The Terrace, Richmond. The members of " A" Windsor Company will receive pay for the past quarter at the Barracks at 7.80 this Friday afternoon. After the Oouncil meeting on Wednes day night, one of the aldermen and a local business man had a rather warm debate on matters municipal. Mr. Duberg, from the Works Depart ment, Sydney, visited town on Thursday, to settle matters in connection with the completion of the new bridge. Men's heavy Colonial Tweed Trousers 3/11; heavy cotton cord trousers 8/11; Navy serge trousers and vest 8/11 ; boy's velvet caps 6d each. E. Board's Cash Stores.'. DISAGREEABLE MENTAL TRAITS Are nothing less than symptoms of nervous ness born of dyspepsia. Wolfe's Schnapps re-establishes digestion, and tranquilises the nerves. At the Council meeting on Wednesday evening, it was resolved to raise the wages of the waterworks engineer 2/6 per week, from the month of October till the month March, inclusive. The lecture and limelight entertainment given by the Rev W. I. Carr-Smith, in the C.E. School-room on Monday evening laet was one of the most interesting given in Windsor for a long time. A few bargains in Men's Clothing. Flannelette shirts, extra heavy, 1/6 each. Men's mole trousers 8/9 pair; Men's undershirts 1/- each. At Grimwood's, George-street, Windsor. *.* The annual general meeting of the Windsor Volunteer Rifle Club will take place at the Barracks this Friday evening, when the office-bearers and committee for the ensuing year will be elected. Mr. Eckford Frith, Principal of Eton School, intends to prepare students for the next Junior University Examination. The school quarter commences on Monday next, as notified in our advertising columns. The religious service at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday will be marked by an address to and the singing of hymns by the Sunday-school children. The worship at night will take the form of a song service. A resident of Richmond has had a law yer's letter sent to the Windsor Borough Council, olaiming £20 for damages. It is alleged that injury was done to a horse and harness through defects in George-st. Mr. Linton, a former Pitt Town settler, went to Western Australia some time ago. He was followed later on by his wife and son. It is now reported that Mrs Linton died recently of typhoid fever. Tenders for the supply of firewood to the Windsor Gaol were opened at the Court house on Satursday last, before Mr. J. K. Cleeve, P.M., and the tender of Matthew Thompson, Pitt Town, was recommended. Mr. Carlton Primrose, son of Mr. W. Primrose, slipped down on the pavement in George-street on Wednesday evening last and put his wrist out of joint. The in jured limb was, however, soon put to rights again. Several of the trees in the Police paddock have been killed lately through the horses eating the bark off them. It seems a pity to see such fine trees ruined ,when at little expense rails could be put round to protect them. In connection with the Kurrajong Church of England, a bazaar is to be held on the 20th and 21st of this month. The ladies of the parish are making active prepara tion, and the bazaar promises to be a great success. A large area of land in the parishes of Bilpin, Wheeney, and Burralow will be open for Homestead Selections after May 20\. Lithographs can be seen at the Court house and the different Post-offices in the district. All that remains to remind the Dight street people of the late lamented monkey is its ghost. One or two people living in that locality declare they have seen a melancholy apparition sitting on the fence . after nightfall. Mr Jack Walter, who has gone to Bun daberg, arrived there safely on Tuesday. Tenders are called in this issue for re pairs, &c.;, to the local Presbyterian Church. Mr. A. Grimwood has purchased a large grocery business nt Byron Bay, to which place he intends inline a trip shortly. A concert .ikus place this Friday evening in the School of Arts, Sackville, the pur pose being to raise funds for that insti tution. Mr. J. T. Row thorn, who has been laid up for a fortnight with rheumatic gout, is about again, although he is still very much a cripple. Mr. De Lissa, who has been the guest of the Rev. B. Keenan for the past fortnight, left town of Saturday last, He is studying for the Bar. E. Board's shot sunshades 3/6. New capes. All the leading makes in corsets. New velvets and bead trimmings. Gash Stores, Windsor. Rumoured that a big slander case, in which two residents of the district are the chief actors, will come before the Courts shortly. Damages, £2000. We are informed that the money collected for the local Presbyterian Church, which amounted to something like £100, was col lected by several ladies of the congregation. Richmond Road, from the corner of McQuade Park to McQuade's Hill, is in an abominable condition. What with the dust and ruts, it is becoming almost im passable. Jack Lamond, the well-known tonsorial artist, possesses a parrot which is learning to talk like a man. If the bird couldn't use its tongue at a barber'B shop, where would it do so ? Some special lines in flannelettes for winter wear, 28in wide, 2/11 doz; 88in wide, 4/9 doz; black and red reversible, 4/6 dozen. A. Qrimwood, George- street, Windsor, v Mr. S. Gosper, son of Mr. W. Gospsr, who has been connected with the A.J.S. Bank at Ballina for some time, has been appointed to the branch of that bank at Byron Bay. Most of the trees and shrubs in the en closure in McQuade Park, near the Rich mond Road, have died. They were injured by fire when the grass was burnt off in the Park some time ago. Mr. W. Gosper pulled five acres of corn during the week, which will average 70 bushels to the acre. The cobs are very large, and the grain equal to anything we have seen in the district. ? Mr. Lyall Johnson, whose singing aroused such enthusiasm in Richmond recently, is to sing two of his best songs, besides taking part in two duets, at the Windsor School of Arts concert on Wednesday. On Saturday Mr. Jim Pickup left for Merewether, at which place he has received an appointment in the Post-office; and Mr. Jack Walker sailed for Bundaberg, to take up a post in the Commercial Bank at that place. The Grammar School students started Football last week. The captain (R. How ard) is getting his men in form for the season. This young athelete has been also very successful with the School Cricket-club this season. Miss Primrose, daughter of Mr. Aid. Primrose, and who has been staying with her sister^ Mrs. F. Onus, for the last two years, arrived in Windsor from the Bulga on Tuesday evening. Miss Primrose has brought with her Mrs. Onus' 14-month8 old boy, and will return to the Bulga after spending a holiday with her father. The " Gulgong Advertiser" says : The Windsor GAZETTE has made a dead set against the penny-an-inch advertising man. So have we, and yet out of over two hundred country newspapers in the colony, we believe the GAZETTE and this paper are the only ones refusing the advt. in question. Whilst advertisers can secure space at the miserable rate referred to, they are not likely-and would be fools-to pay more. The marriage of Miss Minnie Wood, daughter of Mr and Mrs W. Wood, of Church- street, to Mr Jones, of Paddington, was quietly celebrated at St. Matthew's Church of England on Wednesday morn ing, Rev. S. G. Fielding officiating. After the health of the newly-married couple had been drunk at the residence of the bride'B parents, they left for their home by the mid-day train. Mrs. Jones takes from Windsor the best wishes of a very large circle of friends for her future health, happi ness and prosperity. Next qu a rteHy ficens! ciourt atA/Vind« sor will be held on Thursday, April 15. Messrs Nickels and Stormon have re linquished business in Windsor, Mr. C. J. Pitt, late Inspector of Public Schools in the district, is now located at Braidwood. Tenders are called for the erection post-and-telegraph office at Wiseman's Ferry. A little kerosene-propelled laHfieh Mta up to Windsor wharf last week, from the lower end of the river. Mrs. J. V. Dunston, of Wilbefforee, has been seriously iU during tfteweek, but has recovered again. Several of the farmers in the Corn wallis have pulled their corn, and;in most. parts fair yields haue been realised. Mr. R. J. Tout rendered great assist ance with his cornet at the evening service at St. Matthew's Church on Sunday eywi ing last. On Sunday last an amateur fider, a stranger to the town, received a 'from a horse in George-street, but luckily es caped uninjured. Ladies buying Winter Millinery Should see E. BOARD'S Showroom. Latest styles. Lowest prices for trimmed and untrimmed Hats.* We understand that there is no truth in the rumor that Mr. George Curl, Uktyi of Pitt Town, is laid up With typhoid fever in West Australia. A travelling troupeplaiyedat the School of Arts on Monday evening, to a very limited audience-scarcely sufficient bring taken to pay rent of hall. At St. Matthew's Church of England on Sunday evening last, the chofrttng the anthem, " How Beautiful upon th* Mountains," very nicely. Mr. Lines, of the Wilberforce Village Settlement, has grown a nice lot of peach tomatoes this season. He is proeffif^|Bg fairly well at the settlement, land deserves to succeed. Several river residents, including -Mr. James Turnbull, of Wilberforce, have been out on a gold-seeking expedition to Capertee Valley, and it is said that they have discovered good indications. Mr. J. Miller, of Cornwallis, now sends all his milk to Sydney. By die 'Vtjtfihe met with a slight mishap early this Wfftjfj but the only loss he suffered w*s when 9} can of milk was emptied out on the (Mid way. District correspondence is solicited, from residents of all Hawkesbury Settlements* and the proprietor will be glad to. receive from any contributor stories or ,r4mini> iscences of old times in the district, ti sufficiently interesting they will be pkid for. The Wiudser School of Arts oon^frt takes place on Wednesday next Jit is to be hoped that it will be lajrgely put* ronised. Townsfolk should sh6W' tbifr appreciation of the endeavour to provide an excellent concert, andat the same time help a deserving institution. The carriage-way in George-street needs patching»up in several-pisttasv and particularly in front of the. PjceAfterian Church, where it is in &-pbsmvefy dan gerous condition. The Council should give this street a thorough repairtng-~but stay, we forgot they had no funds. A big row occurred up Catherine-street on Thursday last, in which several .mem bers of the "very gentle" sex of that locality participated. It was, however, terminated by the police being sent for* Such scenes as these are not uncommon in this locality, and the more respectable folk are awakened at all hours by un earthly rows. Mr. H. Fletcher, of Nelson, near Windsor, is becoming a very popular story- writer, and in addition to running * serial (" Old Manton's Money") through the " Sunday Times," he last week had » very readable tale, " Old Johnny," in the " Bulletin"-a paper which, truth to tell, always holds out an encouraging hand to Australian litterateurs. A party of Sydney visitors, including Mr. George Anderson, M.P. (Waterloo), Mr. J. Bridle, Mr. Aid Smith, and others, accompanied by Mr. W. Plummet, of McGrath's Hill, and a namber of local men, made a trip down the river in the Colonel on Sunday. There were about 20 gentlemen in the party, and the Outing proved most enjoyable* 