A LEGAL PARADOX; AND, A LEGAL PAIR 0' DUCKS. ? « — ~ — A I'Aiti icAr. fragment including the episode of 'ihe Snook-Cocking Kid, and tbe Jibed Justice. (Br Seehy Leavings.) Scexe : Interior of a Temple oE Justice iu Macedonian Turkey ; in background a half- blind slot machine statue of Justice, armed with lop-sided scales and a Japan eeB Bword (sliarp one side, blunt tbe other ) J udicial aud Legal mercenaries ; the public as chora9. D INSCRIPTIVE ABIA. (By Sucking y.C.) 5\. Q. C. : In solemn and dignified manner the Law Usually grips what ifsreached with its claw, Usually knows how to worry and gnaw, Usually gulps what it bas in its maw— If tne Crown Prosecutors are able di6puters, Subtle and bold, But firm in their hold Of sinners whose sins are the succulent bones Toothsome to those whom his DetilBhip ownB. Chobus : Usually, usually. The succulent bone For tne sharp ' Devil's Own.' 6\. Q. C. :i Whom the Crown very kindly supplies with a job, I By which pleaders pocket the comforting bob. That's the short for the fee that they get for the brief, To harry the game of their great legal chief, Who, for reasons judicial, and ne'er the re verse, SayB the game must be blei in the region of purse. Chorus : He is ne'er ths reverse, and never perverse, Political spite, or base private spleen To that Demigod's sight Is simply unclean. Hurrah I C Chorus whesl Varhu-avds, Ihe Great Pan jmtdrtim comes down front.') The Gbeat p. My duty most unpleasant is to guard The bleBt administration. Chobus : Show elation I ( all do so) The G. P. : Of J nstice, and no matter what the peccant parties' station Chobus : Congratulation I («?? before ) The Ct. P.: For TRUTH is here my guiding star, I guard it 'gainst pollution. Chobus : And when you don't know when yon are ? THE G.P. I order prosecution. Chobus. He orders prosecution. Lest someone should attempt By nasty low contempt, Tbuth's fragrant stream's pollntion ; Nor bosom friend Xor tony pal Woald hinder prosecution I A Judicial Dignitabt (aside). Ves, yes ; its true, I knowl Sucking Q.C. With all the Law's rigours Though coats be three figures. A Jubob. And defendant is not a great millionaire? 8.Q.C. HE's euch a Panjandrum that's not hia affair. For the rnles of his conscience are —And proud 1 am to state 'em Treat all poor sinful folks slike 5 hough he love 'em— Chobus. He love 'em f (From J.Qnion 'Punch.') S.Q.C. Or he hate 'em. Chobus, ' Though he love 'em or he hate 'em. [7 lep.'at twice and end with a soiling moan.'] Chorus go off gradually into hypnotic sleep, in which state they get cricks in their necks, and cheerfully pay several untaxed bills of costs. A Gbeat Judicial Dignitabv (sings), [ Affectnoso Con Sum-upj-o.] In this cold stony world, in an era of brass, How good 'tis to find that the Law's not a Hass ; That it treats with benevolence ricb ones and humble. In spite of the words of parochial Bnmble. That yon never have fonnd, though a poor man's been fined, To a plutocrat syndicate Justice is blind. ( Some one putt a penny in the xtot of statue in back ground ; scales go even in stantly '.) Magna est Veritas e t Prevalelit. ] Statin's sword falls with a clang-'all wake up.] Chobus. Hullo I whaf s that ? Oh I stow it a wee bit A. Voice. Tbuth of a 100 and costs has been mulct ; Yet others who far bigger boodle have balked Paid just the same, though to tbem 'twas a breath, Their action, too, hounding a man down to death ; But the Bench, in a singular manner agrees To break down the penalty efr.sta.ux de fritt, And somehow it juggles away down its « wizen,' ?Pay or the Jug' 11 require yon'— .that's prison ; And gravely they state they 'regard the position Of Scallywag, Smerald, Twinkler (suck-in edition),. I And the decorous Noose, so wouldn't make order Ihe bosses should rest in the arms of a warder. Thus the State's Justice-ship shivers the mlzzen While the Press criftyay eff, and no talk of prison, Yet somehow we feel we've a dim recollec tion Of a certain His Honor with difFrent as pac tion, When an editor said he'd not time to pre Fresh defence for contempt— ill he got for his share Of the courtesy mentioned in t'other Preu tale, , ' If you haven't it ready, you'll just go to [ gaol I' f Great Dignitary Ivrttn into teari. ] | Sucking Q.C. Let me explain I i Cbobub, Yon can't 1 Sucking Q.C. 1 can .' CflORUS. In va ia I But still, we'll let you try. Sucking Q.C. i must explain or die 1 Gbeat Dignitary Qi.-ide), I do hope he dorsn't peg out I Sltkixk ! Q.C. (-(«'/?-? J'efrexhrrtff'), Oil sweet consolation, mellifluous thought, 'io know that in case of Contempt ot Court The question of whether a man Bhould be tried No cheap Jack in Offica is left to decide; Our One-Man-Grand-Jury's a source quit# piquant, It gives all the flavor that Justice can want. Highly polished, transparent, most perfectly planned, No lacquer is lacking it's trebly Japanned { And, ergo, it cannot Btand vulgar reflections Upon its subordinate queer predilections For ladling out sentences gentle and weak On persons whose morals are— well, say oblique, Comes more prosecution — 'J'was cearly s miss Look on that picture ; now look on this Pnt back the clock to the year '03, Methods quite different there you will «es. That year's Attorney-General's views . Were different, rather, in re the ' Nooze' Comments on burglars, a juvenile trio, Committed for trial, for a jewel'ry spree, oh { And though the whole case was pendente lite Nobody reckoned tbat editor llighty, Though portraits (such libels the scoffing ones hinted) Were published, aud words beneath them were printed, Suggesting, when tried, each house-robbing wretch Should get what is tertnei an extra long stretch. Mr ? — saw in that screed nothing improper, And the Noose wasn't dropped for tbe ghost of a copper 1 But we wish to remark that Attorney G. Went out of power year 'J3. ( i'oi'h-eijri Stafuf tumbles off per eh, and flours greit Panjandrum o*~ Lavs.) Tbe Gbeat P. (imploringly to. Great Judi cial Dignitary) : - *~ Youroner, please, dowu on my knees I ask you to deliver Opinion as to what's exempt From, and whkfB this thing Contempt of Court ? j, .. . Chorus : Yes, do ; but cut it short, ( Grca' Judicial Dignitary very v nviUinjly ?s ?''»?#.) Yon are asking me a question I don't want to answer, But I'll do my very best, you know, the very best 1 can, sir. Contempt means snch a lot of things, for just trust me and you, It rasts on Gout, on Liver, Nerves ; it's r hart/ n a son pout. For, say you have a jumping tooth, What matter it it is the Truth, The jurisdiction absolute, May be, perhaps, a wisdom's root, Whilst nasty bad attacks of bile Will spoil the soundest judge's stylj. Chobus of Lawyers. Indeed, indeed, the Truth, We knew it in onr youth, And those who've crossed Life's half-way river Confess no witness acts like Liver I Gbeat Dignitabt. I'm really glad to hear such straight con census. Chobus. You need not try to influence ns, Come, say : What is, what'B not exempt From this Law Sphinx, this charge CON* TJSHPTT Great Dioisrrfjtt bit/ins to eonsider ; he goes on considering ; Chorus go on snoring until they wake a* he criex: Eureka I [All listen to patter song,] Great Dignitary. I will sing yon a song of a barrister mild. Who defended the claim of an innocent child To treasures and boodle, a splendid estat;, 'Gainst 10 wicked uncles who wanted III plate, And 21 aunts who wanted the lace, And Sit nephews who wanted the place, And 65 nieces who wanted the cash, And 82 cousins who wanted to mash 1 This innocent one-year-old kiddy. ; The posthumons son of a widdy. C'HOBUS — '{Repeat last lines), Gbeat Dignitabt. Well, the baby was brought right into tlw Court. It seemed to consider the case was in spofb As it sat on the lap of its foster Ma nurse It swallowed itB dinner (we swallowed its pnrse). I was the counsel (I'd just taken silk) And the satisfied baby'd sufficient of milk, And I'd made my reply to the rival Q.O., When that infant appeared to be wanting to see What was going to be done to this kiddy, The posthumous Bon of a widdy. Chobus ( Repeat ). ? Gt. Dig. The Jndge he summed up dead against the poor kid Bad the jnrymen done as Hisonor had bid Every cousin, and uncle, aunt, nephew and niece Would have swallowed his wealth to the reif last piece. Bnt I took up the yonngeter in these manly arms Won the jurymen's hearts by bis infantile Wgjicharas ; They gave him a verdict, ne'er leaving tha box But that kid gave HUoner some unrehearsed shocks I Oh, it was a saturnine kiddy, That posthumons son of a widdy. Omnes. What did it do ?— Do tell 1 Did it say ' go to—?' Usees. Silence in the Ooort I . Gbeat Digkitaby. Sear me, no I ( impressively ) It crawled from my arms, to theitable it goes It sprawled o'er my books pnt its thumb to its nose, As it grinned at the jury, it scowled at the Judge; It jnst cocked a snook— in dumb show Said 4 Fudge I' And though 'twas a. terrible kind of eon' tempt, That is all I know of what is exempt As for what's not, as that kid's now a youth, Far better ask him— ^ he'll tell yon the jflrsitA. Curtain. In the long Arctic Bight then is a con stant difficulty of keeping awake. Greely, tbe explorer, had to make very strict rule*, to keep bis men awake. Beds were aot allowed to be made, and the men wetti compelled to got op and move sbont 