LITERARY GOSSIP. ' A tasto for boolts becomes more and more common.'— Macau lay, Messrs. Longmans, Green, and Co. have in hand for tho autumn season two new books by Andrew Lang, The first is a ' Book of Dreams aud Ghosts,' containing many modern stories of tho super natural, now published for tho first time, whilo the second book is Mr. Laug's usual Christmas book, to be called the 'Pink Fairy Book.' A London weekly paper ob serves : — ' Mr. Andrew Lang has, perhaps, attained distinction in more various departments of literature than any other living writer, As a student oil folk-lore he has proved himself no un worthy antagonist of Mr, Max Mtilloi1, whom ho chaffs unmer cifully about his sun-myths. His translations of Homer and Theo critus establish his claim to be considered a classical scholar, His loading articles in tho Daily News are full of learning put lightly like powder in ' jam ;' and ho turns out a ballad after tho style of Villon as deftly as any man need. Only as a novelist has Mr. Lang failed!' This last state ment is open to question. _ Many a young novelist, struggling for recognition, would bo only too thankful if ho could 'fail' to the same extent as Mr. Lang and for the same terms. Mark Twain's book about his trip round the world, to which ho is now adding tho finishing touches in London, will appear in the autumn. It is said to bo written in tho stylo of ' Innocents Abroad.' In a recent letter tho author refers to tho book as follows : — ' I am more than satisfied with it these latter days, I wouldn't trade it for any book I have ever written, aud I am not an easy person to please.' The title is not yet an noimced, We are not likely at the earliest to get the biography of Professor Henry Drummond for 18 months, Ho was a considerable letter writer, and had many prominent friends. His correspondence ought there fore to be an attractive feature of tho work ; but us to the materials available little can as yet be said in any definite way. Tho choice of Dr. George Adam Smith as Drum mond's biographer has commended itself to everybody. The two men wore intimate personal friends, and in gifts nnd characteristics they had much in common. At last thpre seems to be a pros pect of the ' Lifo of Sir Andrew Clark' being published. This biography is ono in which Mr. Gladstone, tho most eminent of the lato physician's patients, has taken a deep interest, and a tributo to Sir Andrew by Mr. Gladstone will bo one of the features of the book, Miss Ethel Turner's new work for tho coming season is entitled ' Miss Bobbie,' and may bo ex pected in September. An increased number of illustrations by Harold Copping will form a special fea turo of the book, which will bo en larged in size, although tho prieo will remain tho popular halfa crown. The favorite authoress has dedicated this volume to Mr. W. Steole, Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co'ri. Australasian manager, who hiis been closely associated with the fortunes of her pre vious books, Mr. Alfred Austin's ode which was published on Juno 21 was not tho only jubilee poem which the Laureate has written. Another appeared in the New York In dependent of Juno 17 under tho title ' Victoria tho Good.' Hero is the first stanza : — Tbo (low v.'iis on tho summer lawn ; Tho rosos bloomed, tho woods wero f'reen, When forth there came, as fresh as dawn, A Maiden with majestic mien, Thoy girt a crown about her brow, They placed a sceptre in her hand, And loud rang out a Nation's vow, ' God Guard tho Lady of the Land!' Mr. Hester has written the ' Annals of England ' in 200 pages of doggerel verse, of which the following is a fair specimen :— We annexed the Transvnl, and then slow The Tran6vanl'6 dread, the fierce Zulu. No longer by their foes nlarmod, The Boers for independence- mined, Thoy beat un at Mnjubn Hill, And, resolulo, achieved their will, This is almost equal to the famous but auonymous stanza: — Joshua, son of Nun, And Caleb, son of Jephunneb, Wero tho only two That ever got through To tho lund of milk and honoy. The Berlin National Zeituna has been following an example made in Euglaud, and asking competent experts to answer, the question 'What Do the Peoplo Bead?' Tho cheap edition of Schiller's 'Toll' heads the list with a ealo of 619,000 copies. Goethe's ' Hermann and Dorothea ' follows next with 490,000. The third . and fourth in the cataloguo are tho German translations of Sir Walter Scott's 'Ivanhoe,' with a salo of 45,000, and of tho 'Pickwickier' of Charles Dickens with 40,000. The German equivalent for ' a double million magnifying gas microscope of hoxtra power ' would bo a philological curiosity, The literary World tells of the shock received by Punk and Wag nails, an American firm of pub lishers, when the advance sheets came to hand of Alphonso Daudot's 'Sappho,' which thoy had pur chased tho right to issue in tho States, (They wore a firm uboc! to publishing religious workfi.) ' Thoy mado haste at oneo to cablo to Daudet, ''Sappho' will not do,' Thiscryptograuimatio cable message bnflled Daudet. It was so long since ho had had anything rejected that ho did not know what it meant. Ho consulted with numbers of friends,' andthis was tho conclusion at which thoy eventually arrived : -—'Sappho' ill Fronch is BpelKul with one ' p '— ' Sapho,' In Eng lish it is spelled with two. Au unusually acuto friend pointed this out to Daudet, which much relievod the novelist, and ho cabled back to Funk and Wagnalls, ' Spell it with two pV Tho pub lishors wero moro astonished at Daudet's reply than ho had bcou at their cablo message' 