THE STRAHAN RAILWAY ACC- DENT Sir.-At the inquest held at Strahan on Monday touching the death of Mr Ed. Fisher, the usual verdict of accidental death was returned. The jury might have added a rider, but they did not. Permit me through your valuable column to make good this omission, which, by-the- by was not the jury's fault. Unfortu- nately on the West Coast of Tasmania we are often forced to use the railway line, simply because , there is no other track available. For instance, it forms the only direct communication between Zeehan and Strahan and in future between Zeehan and tbe Mount Reid district. To close, therefore, certain parts of the railway to the public would be a downright injustice to the poor. As regards the present acci- dent, I think that it should never have occurred. There is no excuse for keeping the erection between West and East Strahan open for a footpath. West Strahan is connected to the post by two good roads one ending over the hill, and the other one alongside the railway line. The railway authorities in allowing pedestrians to walk along the line on this particular section are simply courting the chance of accident. Is it fair to the public? Is it fair to the engine drivers? Anyone living down here must be surprised that not more accidents--particularly with children- have taken place. In days gone by, when there was no road, the -use of the railroad as a road was a necessity; today it is not. Adults use the railway line, and children follow their example. A bridge over Manuka Creek, at the end of Innes street should satisfy even the most fastidious regarding communication be- tween West and East Strahan. But there is another point to be raised in looking at the circumstances connected with the late accident, vis. the unsuitability, of the cow, catchers. They are aptly termed. What- ever they catch will never get out of their grip again. The bars are too far apart, and it should be constructed under a more acute angle. Fissher, no doubt, fell, and instead of being pushed off the line his feet or arms got through the bars of the cow catcher, and then came the mangle. Why should we not have cow catchers of the same pattern as obtain on some of the other lines? The present accident, as already stated should never have taken place. If there is any truth in dead people's ghosts going about, then I hope that Fisher's ghost will insist every night upon shaking hands with the General Manager until the section between West and East Strahan is erected and new cow catchers provided.— Yours, etc., 