EARTH TREMORS AMD GHOSTS. INDIAN EXPERIENCES, ?\ro,ra a private letter received in Adelaide on Wednesday from a gentle roan in_ Calcutta, we take the following respecting the recent earthquake which occurred in India i-« When the earthquake came I was playing golf with one of the High Court Judges. J j ^ indication was inability to stand steadily, which we both attri. buted to giddiness, Then we beard a noise like musketry, and on looking up saw the bricks rolling out of the spire of the Cathedral, aud falling on a corrugated iron roof underneath, which caused the noise referred to. Then the Bteople toppled over, and at the same time various other houses collapsed, sending up clouds of dust. The trees and buildings all round wore playing at seesaw, and the ground Beemed to heave up and dowu like a sharp swell on the ocean. After a few moments it subsided, and, as the ground did not open and no volcano appeared, we thought it was all right and went on with our golf, A couple of hours later when we got back to the pavilion we found the Judge's wife, with terror, stricken face, saying that their house, as well as several others, had fallen. The next morning we all bikod rouDd to see the damage, and the scene was moat extraordinary. I doubt if a single house in Calcutta had escaped damage of some sort. Many had fallen down, others had big gaping cracks showing daylight through, and others, the least damaged ones, were cracked all over bo badly as to let water in, and thia increased the damage when it rained, What made matters worse was that rain broke the night following the catastrophe, At some of the tea gardens the damage has been more serious. One man writes that bis bungalow and all bis tea houses are levelled, and that he and the coolies round about bim were thrown to the ground by the shook, The railway was damaged extraordinarily. In places it is twisted like the letter S, and in j otherB the line has subsided and left rails suspended in the air. Bridges innumerable have collapsed. Fortu-1 nately the loss of life has not been j serious. So far only one European is ' known of, but of natives the loss will I be 2,000 or 8,000, the bulk of them at a place where they get a rainfall of 600 inches in a year.^ The house we have taken refuge in is a very famous one -Hastings House, the official residence of Warren Hastings. It is a raaguifl cent house, standing in a park of about 100 acres, but as it possesses numerous ghosts it has not been occupied for many years. My host bought it two or three years ago as a spec, with some other men, and had it renovated} but no one would occupy it, so we have come to drive the ghosts away, The duel between Hastings and Franois (author of the letters of Junius) about the Cbadenapoor half.caste French woman, who afterwards became Princess Talleyrand, was fought jn the ground, and many other hitorical incidents are connected with the place, The principal and beat authenticated ghosts are-(1) A coaoh and four whioh drives through the portico occasionally at the witohing hour ; (2) a headless man and a lady who appear out of the wall of the room in which I am sleeping j and (8) a lady who (very improperly) walks through certain bedrooms and takes the blankets off the sleepers, We have not seen any I of the ghosts yet, but we are living in lopes, I have given public intimation through the servants that the first one which comes will be presented with & charge of shot out of my gun, which I keep ready loaded."->jRegister, 