MrsJ yttttarts Travelling Companion, . ;V COMPI'ETB. tfrewn , ' ; . JiY f L. G ALBRAITH,/ , Author 'of "Tho Spin of tho Coin," " Pretty ' Miss' Alliiigtou," "Now "Ghost Stories," &o.;' (COPYOIGHT.j ' , i tl _y e . .": .. J!£OLAKE your, soats please." . , ' , raib ®18 guard paused, with a respcot- .. fully; impatient hand on tho door, . T wliilo tho two ladies kissed each : olhcr, ondMrs. Vuusitturtstepped info her compartment , "Good bye, May,"- sho said through the window ; don't wait any longor, or. you'll bo late for your appointment with Viola ; besides it is so unlucky to look after a departing train." " Well, if you really dqn't mind, dear. I hopo you will havo a comfortable journey;'; Suroyou'vo everything ybu wunt ?" : " Quito sure, tlidtiks ; good-byo." , The girl wuved her bund as sho turned; away, and Mrs. Vansitturt settled herself in a corner, drew lier fur rug round hor, and turned over tho pilo of papers sho lmd bought! to boguilo tho tedium of her journey.. Tho express for th'e north was on the point of departure. " Tho .bung of closing doors grew fuintor as tho portera rail up tho long train. Tho whistle soundod. The engino gave a premonitory shriek as it stirrod into motion: A belated passongor rushing from tlio book- iiig-offico n.ado a'fruntio iittompt til seramblo into a third- class 'carriage, and was dragged back by tho officials, expostulating with indignant vehemence. I'm so glad I got a compartment lo my? self," Mrs, Vansittnrt murmured, as she opened hor favourito illustrated. Tho words were scarcely past Iter lips whon a bag shot on to the opposite seat, und a mun swinging himself dextoreusly into tho carriage, rcoloscd tho door just as the train glided into tho tunnel. The rapidity of liis entrance fairly loon Mrs. Vunsitturt's breath away. Wliero liad ho come from ? Sho could have been pusitivo no ono wis on tho fore part of the platform a second earlier. For II moment slio stnreil blankly at tlio intruder, a well- dressed mun, with rcgtiliu' features and a small pointed beard and moustache. Not quito a gontlcmim, slio decided, with quick feminine instinct, perhaps a foreigner. Then sho became aware tlmt, her scrutiny was boing returned with interest, nud , retired behind her paper with a little "tnouo" of aunoyunco. Tho train riished out of tho tunnel, and tho ourringo was lilted witli thin, winter sunshine. Mrs. Vansittnrt continued to read, hut sho folt herself growing restless. Sho had tin uiiconifurtsblo impression that sho was being watched, that her fellow-passenger liad moved his scat, and front the farther corner wns steadily gazing at her. 1 She shifted her position and spread out lior paper, witli thotixoddotormiuatioiiofromuin- ing serenely unconscious, hut sho could not coiic.ontrato her attention on the printed page. Involuntarily hor oyes stolo towards tlio cornor, always to' meet those .other eyes fixed unswervingly on her face. Now Mrs. Vansittnrt, who was familiarly known to her many friends us "Mrs. Van," was twenty-eight, nud being an exceedingly pretty woman, was ucaustomcd to ulttact a considerable amount of casual attention, but something in hor companion's guzo perplexed and "troubled her. It was not tho mere expression of vulgar admiration, unrestrained by tlio fetters .of conventional courtesy; it wns a deliberalo scrutiny. 'Tho man was studying her — trying to read her thoughts. Sho folt. herself in the Eositiou of an insect impaled for observation y a scientific dissector, livery moment slio grow more uho'usy. Iu ' vain sho looked through paper after 'paper,' hoping to distract hoc thoughts. Sho opoucd tho novel with which sho had provided herself, but her bruin refused to reoeivo tho senso of tlio words she mechanically followed with her eyes. All her faculties were on thu ulcrt to catch tho slight est movement at : tho further , end of tho carriage. For twenty minutes tho tonsion lasted ; thou sho felt tho magnetic strain removed. Tlio mnn had turned nway uud was fumbling in his'bag. There was ii rustic of paper. "Mrs. Van" glanced furtively from behind her book. Ho was tiikiiig out various articles of wearing appurol, and ranging thorn with orderly precision on the opposite seat. Presently ho drew something from . his breast pocket, und deposited it behind the bug in tho corner. Then ho shuffiod lo tlio centra of the carrlugo, and sat still looking at her. "Mrs. Van's" heart began to boat in irregular throbs. Odd little sensations crept over her. Her pulso quickcucd. She folt sura something wus going to happen, nnd sho thought of uil tiio tales she bad hoard of women attacked during 6olitury journeys, . robbed, murdered even. Her diamonds wore in her travelling hag, at least two hundred pounds' worth. Of course tho mun cauldn t know they wore thoro, butho had seen lior purse, which had been lying oil her lap, "and sho was wearing a jowollcd watch . nnd ouo or two bungles. And thoro was no stoppage before Peterborough— half an hour and livo minutes. She wondered what sho lmd hotter do. Her lips quivered. She bocaino conscious of u wild .desire to call for help. Then sho rosollccted that sho liad no valid reason for complaint. So far ihe num had dono nothing but look at hor. Sho tried to reason uwuy her fear, hut her nervousness ' only increased. Sho had u conviction that ho would presently spcuk, und tlmt if ho spoko sho would dio. A . niomont luter sho folt that .unless, ho did. spcuk 'she would certainly scream. Her hands shook till tho linos of print wriggled tip und down liko animated worms. , It was impuasiblo to kcop up tho prctonco of unconsciousness any longor. Tho nocossity for faoing tho duuger, if danger there wore, had booomo imperative. .. "Mrs. Van," pulled horsolf together, dropped tho novel on her lap, .with a -simu lated yawn, ' und glanced witli well-nssumed ; carelessness ucroqsitha carriage. Tho man wns smiling. Ho raised his hut with a Blightly exuggomted courtesy. f'Mudamo is tired of literature P'l lio said politely. His accent whs that of an English man assuming tho rolo of it foreigner — tho brokou English of tho stiigo rather than that .of a Frenchman speaking in an unfamiliar tongue. ' _j. i Mrs.- Vnnsittert looked out of . tlio window, Sho did not wish to outer into casual- con versation, " Tho soenery, it is ohnrming, is not that su ?" tho stranger continued,' "it would repay, how do you Bay V contemplation, If iiiudumc would kindly but turn lier bnok and continue to study the vlow for flvo Iittlo minutes, alio would greatly oblige mo." All sorts of wild oanjoctures hummed through " niodftinu's " hraiu. Could sho be shut up with u lunutio ! Sho was not iu tho least inclined to tuko lior eyo off this oxtraordinary speoimen of humanity,- to afford it xiossiblo maniuo an opportunity of knocking her on tho head in an unguarded moment. Cudgelling hor hramH for it sultnblo reply, she coloured norvously, and remained silont. Tlio man looked ut his Watoli und a slight frown ooutrnoted liis strongly-marked oye- brows. : ..-' " Look here,", ho snid, brusquely, droppi'ug all protoneo ut a foreign accent, "I'vo no timo to spare. I don' t want to hurt you. If yon do as you're told I shan't Intarforo with you in any way. Put your head out of that window and keep it there till I givo you tho word." - : ' " Tho rough authority of his luno stirred Mrs. Vansitturt s Irish blood. Sho citino of a .good fighting sfcook, which, had novor sub mitted tamely to being bullied. Hor ucrvons- nass gavo place to indignation. "What for?" she inquired coolly, and looked her antagonist straight in tho face. "Bscauso, if you will havo it, I'm going .to ohango my clothes and I rookou you won't care about u front seat for such an ordinary show as that." Tho iittlo woman turned soarlot. In- stinotively hor eyes sought tho alarm bell, and sho perceived with' a, pang of gouuino dismay that it was at tho other ond of , tho carrlugo. ? ;q' " " Oh, it's no uso yon're looking at that," hor. companion remarked, " pushing oside: his ;bag, and pointing to u revolver lying -ou' the .seat, " I'vo ' told you;, I'll run- straight with you so long us you're quiot, but'if you try to raiso tho orowd on mo, : . . , \- His fiiigors stolo towards tho woapou? In tho face of real danger, "Mrs'.' Van's"- courage renssertod itself.' " Sho met his' scowling- ghmce with soronO indifforonco. ' ; ; f '/ Don't; Usb throats to inb,'; ploasol,! jj sho; answered, 'with'snlrit. "Arerilt you'mq'n of; tho world enough to know that te pi'dor 'a: woman 'to do a thing is' tho' surest'' way -'(if making her refuse. I can't' imagine", what' right yon havo' tir.tqrii tho-' company's onriidgo intd.'h' dressing-room ; ' but. if : thiit is; your ihtcniiou, tho lonst you can do is to:ask my pOrmiusiou oivilly." " " - ; ' Sne laid a little stress oh thu last word, and sat up very straight. For a small woman, sho could bo exceedingly dignified. For a niomont tho man stared at her, then ho broko into a ploRsaut lnngh. - . , , , " Well, you're a cool hand and'ho mistako ; most womou would havo cruniplod up at tho sight of tlio hulidog; Here goes tlion, for timers money, and more to mo just- now;. . Will you mind looking at tbivcountry for a bit ,whilo, I change. 1' shan't bo over a iniiiute or two." . For answer, Mrs. V:iuuittert thrust lior head nnd shoulders out of the window: Tho : swift, air bent against hor facoas:tlio train swept,. on. An odd souse of unreality took possession of hor. Sho felt as though slid were, watching a- stugo scene, iu, whioh tlio leading part was'played by a person1 'curiously familiar in uppoaraneo. She wondered idly what would happen next if bcr travelling companion woro really an escaped lunntio. Ho looked anno enough, but his uctious woro those of tho veriest madman. Someone tounhed hor lightly' oil tlio shoulder, and a voice -shouted in liev -oiir, It's all right, you can como inside now." _ Sho turned with a start, to find horsslf confronted by a navvy in dusty, travul-staiuod clothes, and heavy ' hoots, a . red-spotted handkerchief knotted loosely round his throat. Tlio neat leather bag had disappeared, only a workman's bass and cap lay ou the scut besido the revolver. " Quick chaiigoi' o'i ? " ho remarked, cheer fully. " I suy, have you got a glass in your bag? ITund it here, will you?" Still lost in speculation, "Mrs. Van" obeyed. . , . - ; . " I must do a sliavo,". ho remarked, meditatively. "This don't look tho gonuino article." ' : ' He dived into tho bass, and produced soino loilet requisites. Propping tho little mirror aguinst tho cushions he knelt on tho floor and began operations. . Tlio train swung rauiid a curve, und the mirror collapsed. Tlio shaver swnro softly, and Mrs. Vunsittart good-naturedly camo to tho rescue; "Let me hold the glass,'" sho volunteered. "You will got oh niuuh faster." . Ho thanked her gratefully. " Mrs. Van " watched his quick manipulations with interest. It struck hor that in tlicsn rough olothes, - freed from ull pretention towards spurious gentility, he was really a singularly handsome man. She began to , outer into tho spirit of the situation, and laughingly- suggested that ho looked "vory clean for a navvy." "I'm not- complete yet,'!- ho said, "You wait u bit." .- . So sho waited, holding tho mirror, and following with childish umnsemont the progress of a "make-up" as faultless as oven Mr. . Clarkson himself could bnvo achieved. When it was accomplished ho turned to her triumphantly. "How's that now? Could you havo picked no out for tho'clmp who started with you, if you'd boon shown me among half a dozon others in tho station-yard?" "No, I'm sure I couldn't," sho admitted, frankly. " It's a splendid disguise." Ho looked pleased: " That's alt right"' Ho replaced his properties, tied tho handles of tlio bug togothor, and pinked up his cap. "I must oleav out directly," ho suid, with somothiug like un accent of regret. " But we don't stop before Peterborough'." " Thut's so, but I leave at tho lumiol." . "You mean that you are going to got out while tho train is Tunning ? " sho said, and then added in auddou terror.' "Oh, don't; pleuso don't, I'm sure you will bo killed." Ho smiled again, thnt odd, pleasant sntilc. "No fear, but if I urn, one can only die onco, uud it's a long sight hotter to ' go ont ' on or.u'n own, than to bo jorked into eternity at. tho ond of it rope." Sho gavo a sudden recoil of horror. "You — you — nro——" "Wauled; oh,' yes. There'll he a big reward oiforod for mo to-morrow, I rookon. Why, you didu'-t think I was just pluying tlio fool, did you? See Ijiere, you'ro a pluoky woman, tho besl-pluekcd ono I over, camo across, or evor want lb, and I.heliovo you're a'ruight. It can't matter to you whotbor I'm luggod or got off, aud — so help mo God, I nover meant to do it. The old fool would follow inc. I gave him fnir warning, but ho wouldn't stand and I hit a bit too hard. AH tho same, if I'm caught I'll swing. I haven't hunnodyou, I don't threaten you now,' hut u. man's lifo's . his life. Giro me forty-olglit hours, and I shall get clear off. All Scotland Yard ctmt stop mo ' then ; put thorn on tlio soont to-infy, und I'm as good as ii; dead man. Whioh' is it to be? I'm in your bunds. If you koop this journey dark just for two days, I'm sui'o. If you hreiitbo ono word to any living soul, I'm dono for." Ho stood looking down into her byes. In his faco was . a contending strife of emotions, hungering -anxiety, remorse, misery, and beneath them all,' ouo trembling ray of hope. It was as though lio had staked his ull, nnd was wuitiug for tha turn otatlio card which would makenr mar him. v : " ; Mrs. Vansitturt burst into-toars. ... " It's so dreadful," sho.sobbod, "and I'm so sorry.. Why. did yon do it? Oh, ymi .must got away, I won't tell anyone,, not- oven niyjiusband.; ;' I givo you my word of honoiirT wteu't,.'":'. .. . :,' v . , " Tliauk,yoii,!''ho drew a long breath of relief., I' Thoy nay a woman's word- oouuts for nothing, ;but — soraohow, I'd go uny whore on ynurs. And look liore, you'll know what I mean when you sea tlio ovoning papers; 1 don't' think worso of mo than noed ho.' Before God, I novor mount .-to do for him.; Your husband's a soldier, isn't ho?- ' I hoard . that girl who bow you off say, . '.Give my love to tKb colonel.' . , Well, hold kill.a man liko a fly,, and you'd, think nouo tho,worsp of hlm, ., I did no more, - and ,it was!,in.1»clf-, dofonao too.',' : ;,„y. V Ho waited,-' n if oxpootiiig hqr to spook,' hut. tho train rushed on. ' Li four minutes thoy would roaoh tho tunnel. "Well," ho said, with evident disappoint ment, "I suppose it was— inurdor, and you oim't got over it.- You nnodn'toi-y uny more. I'm going." Houookoted tho revolver and took up Iho.bug. Bnforo ho oould roaoh thB door, Mr. Vansittnrt caught him by the arm. \- "-Wait ti momout," sho cried, snatching hor ptirso, " you will wunt money. I wish I had more in gold. Notes would not bo safe, would thoyP But -horo is seven pounds— take it, do take it." Instinotively his hand slid out; then ho thrust it resolutely behind his hack. "I'll lio hanged if I tako a penny of yours," ho said, briisquoly; "put it nway. I'vo got enough without." "But," alio ploadod, "I want io help iu some way. , I am sure you didn't intend to — to do that dreadful thing. I couldn't bear you to bo taken and perhaps— perhaps Tho oir wiib rout by a long whistle. " Wo'ro there," ho Boid-; " I must. go. I won't touoh a farthing, hut— if you -can bring yourself to do it— I'd liko to shako hands." Sho gave him.hbr hand unhesitatingly. ".Goodbye. I Bludl pray that you may get -nway safoly and— perhaps it was too hard for jrou horo ; hut when you start tho now life, in n fresh country, you— you will try to run straight, won't you P" Au odd expression stole over his dark face. If it was iny lsak word,: I'm speuking tho .truth," he said. 'I'U do iny lovoTbost,- und if I'm saved,, body.', nnd soul, it- will bo heeauso a' good woniiin mid n. lady, too, cured whethor I wont.to the dovil nr no."> >i ; - ; " 'h Shyly and awkwardly ho kiiised hor gloved hand. ' -.. . ,- .- 1 . t'Thou qho '. opened' tho door and cautiously swung liimself 'oh to tho footboard. j ' - . t , Mrs:.Vahsittart hold hor breath, her 'fingers olehohed on -tho arms . of -lior soat, till tlio haiidlo turned ouco agaiii, and tho -fuco'ut tho window vanished. - . . ( ' ' ' ' : . \- Then sho sprang, up, und peered wildly through tlio darknoss, but there wub nothing hut the: roar -of revolviug wheels and " tlio fantastic flight of light und shadow on tho black walls of tho tuunol. It in an odd' thing," said Colonel Vun sittart; ;u' fortnight later, ' "tliat they don't got hold of tho'' Cuttlioqip Grange mnVdo'ror. ' Hero's iinbtlici- mini set at' liberty. That is tlio third urrest ' that has cume to nothing. Tho.'police seem as if tlioy couldn't hit tlio scout." " And they novor will— now," "Mrs. Van" answered, with conviction. There wus a gonerul ltutgh. Tho Iittlo party, gathered rnnnd Mrs. Vansittnrt's cosy tea-table, argued tho point with .light- lioartod indiffereneo. "Tho mail couldn't get out- of tho country." " It's only a question of iime. Ho'll_bo trucked down, and liaugod in tho long run'; and ho deserves it, tho brute." Only tho liostens remained unmoved. "Ho wasn't it lirutc," sho said, "and lio won't ho Imaged." Tlio colonel broko into tho chorus of expostulation whioh followed ou hor words. He was rather puzzled by Ids wifo's insistent cliutnpiotisltip of this sensational criminal. " Woll," io said good hiitnottrcdly, " limo will prove, and it is not a piirtimdaiiy pvolit- ublo subject for discussion. My wifo is vory ' eook-suro' tli.it lin'll get oil', but slio lias no real reason, oxcept, indeed, tho proverbial feminino ono." " Mrs. Van" opened her lips ns if to spcuk, but tho hull-formed words died in a Iittlo laugh. Sho had a reason for tho faith that was in lior, but from a motive which sho, horsolf. could hardly undorstimd, sho nover told it, not oven to lier husband. 