THE LAST STROKE. A DETECTIVE STOftfc ^ By LA WHENCE IiJ LtfNGH (Et Murdoch van Deventer), author of- -'No Proof. 'Moina.'.' -etc ... . ?:,' CHAPTER XIV.-r-Continned.) TJie detective's face was very; grave, and he did not speak at once. 'Is it possible.' she ejaculated, 'that yon find anything In the boy'e story?' Ferrars leaned forward and took her hand. 'Mies Grant,' he said gravely, 'I believe that poor foolish Peter saw Charles Brierly's mur derer.' He got up quickly. 'Do you think the boy could be got to show you where be saw this, apparition?' . , : ,..,.. ;. . : I asked him that^ He thinks he might dare to go if he *weje protected by 'bigf mans.' ' - ? ~ ?? 'Then, arrange to leave your school for a short time, at, say two o'clock. I shall get Doran and his surrey. Have the boy ready ? ' 'Pardon me, I will say nothing to Peter. The surrey will be enough, he is. wild to ride.' 'That will be best, then. I shall lose no time. I have a strong reason for wishing to see the precise place where this ghost ap peared.' The sight of the surrey filled poor foolish Peter with delight, and he rode on in high glee, sitting between Hilda and Perrars, whom he had learned to know, and like, and trust. When they were abreast of the hill Hilda bent over him. r 'Now, Peter, tell me just where you saw that ghost.' Instantly the boy's face blanched; and he cowered in his seat, but Ferrars with gentle firmness interfered. Peter would show him the place, and then he would drive away the I ghosts. Gbosts were afraid of grown men, I he averred. And at last, hesitating much, and full of fears, Peter was finally persuaded, yielding at last to Doran's offer to let him sit in front 'and drive one of the horses.'- j As they reached the lower end of the Indian j Mound, the boy's lips began to quiver and one \ arm went up before his face, while he extend- i ed the othey toward the thickest of brushwood before described by Ferrars. 'That's where,' he whimpered. 'It corned up out there.' 'From among the bushes?' 'Ye-us.' 'Did it have any- feet?' 'Oh-oh ! Ony head and arms— ugh!' 'Turn round, Doran,' said Ferrars sharply, and then in a lower tone to Hilda, 'I shall go to the city to-night' When Hilda reached her room, at the close of the SPhOOl. shp found this lprtor n-nrniHTio. her, 'left.' Mrs. Marcy said, 'by her cousin:' ] 'Dear Cousin, — Even if you had been dis- I engaged, I cculd have told you nothing ex cept that what 1 have learned to-day impels j me to look a little more closely to the other j end of my line. For there is another end. I 'Now that I shall have the two men on duty ] in the south end of the county, and with the ; Doctor and Doran alert in G ? , not to men- ''? tion yourself, I can go where I have felt that ! I should be for the past week or more. Will you keep me informed of the slightest detail that in any way concerns our case? And will you do me one individual favor? I trust i Mrs. J ? may not leave this place until T see i you all again, but should she do so, will you inform me of her intention at once? You see that I am quite frank. I should deeply re gret it, if she went away before I could see I her again. Destroy this. 'Yours hopefully, 'Ferrars.' . CHAPTERr XV. : d.1.'; ' May had passed, and June roses were in late bloom. The city was horrid with the warm sun-filtered air after a summer shower, and Robert Brierly looked pale and languid as he stepped from an elevator, in one of the. great department houses wherein Ferrars jjad his bachelor quarters, and walked slowly to his door. ' , . ' Possibly it was the warmth of a very warm June, or there , may have been other causes. At any rate Frank Ferrars's face wore an al most haggard look in spite of the welcoming smile with which he held out his hand to greet his friend, for friends these two had grown to be during the past weeks. Friends warm and time and strong, m spite of the fact that the mystery surrounding the death of Charlie Brierly remained as much of a mys tery as on the day when foolish Peter Kramer led the detective to the scene of his ghostly encounter. There were dark lines beneath the keen ! grey eyes, which, Rob Brierly had declared, i 'compelled a man's trust,' and the smooth, ; shaven cheek was almost hectic, symptoms i which, in Ferrars, denoted, among other things, loss of sleep. ? There was a moment of silence, after the men had exchanged greetings, and it seemed, I almost, that each was covertly studying the; j other, and then Brierly tossed down his straw ] hat, and, pulling a chair directly in front of that In which the detective lounged, said, abruptly: 'I shouldn't like to quarrel with you, Fer Eafs, but I've something on my mind, and I'm here to have it out with you.' 'Oh! Then I am in it?' the detective spoke nonchalantly, carelessly almost, and a9 ; the other seemed hesitating for a word, he i added: 'Give us the first round, old man. j I'm apprehensive.' I 'H— m! You look it. Ferrars, do you ! know that for weeks, ever since my return I from Glenville, in fact, I have been under ] constant surveillance?' 'Constant sur ? . Excuse me, it's not po lite to repeat, Brierly, but what do you mean?' 'What I say. It's plain enough, somebody is watching me, following me day and night.' 'Pshaw! You don't mean that, man!' 'But I do. And that is not all.' He leaned forward and fixed his eyes upon those of his vis-a-vis as if watching for the effect of his words. 'I have been slowly discovering that I am being controlled— consttalned-tfin many ways.' ':=?:.-'';??'??' 'Upon my word!' Ferrars '-was leaning back In his chair with his face a mask, ex pressing nothing but grave attention^ 'Make it plainer, Brierly.' 'I wilL I'll make it so plain that there will be no room for misunderstanding. When I first came back from Glenville* I did not go out much, especially evenings, but when I did, I began to fancy that I was spied up on, followed, and, after a time, I became sure ! of- it' 'Stop! Wfren did yon observe this; first?' 'I think it was on the third night after my re-tarn. I was going down to the Iiycenm Club rooms, when something caused me to glance at a fellow oh- the other side of the street You know my eyes are good!' 'Unusually so.' 'Well, I came out in a very 'short time, alone, tod the same fellow was lounging so close to the entrance that I recognised ritm at once.' 'A btmgleiv; evidently.'' 'Perhaps. Well,l met two men whom I: know, jnst outside; and they dragged me back/wife them. When at last I lef t the place, I started to %S3k home, and when I got upon tne qntefer streets I *soo_n became conscious of some' one ^Seeping- tsp evenly opposite .me'; across the street, that I began to watch, anil as the fellow glided as quickly as possible under' a street lamp, I recognised the same m&nJ;' I - ,: ; ?'? . '.': '^-^:- ' ? '? ? '?' ' :; '' ' ^And you have, iseen iim: since?5' : 'Himself 'or another. A. T disguise is . easy^ at night I have been watched, at any rate, and followed again and again.' ,- ;^ ?'All! And could you imagine his motiye5' -#Na' A^look that was almost of^ajigfeE crossed Brierly's face: ^But I have^ic&icLer-; ed If It was .the same as yours, arid- Myers, when you have contrived to keep -jme from going here and there, or doing. this or that, unless accompanied by one or the other; of you two.' j He bent forward again after this utterance. His eyes seemed to challenge an answer. _^Butrit;did not come. Ferrars only isat with j -;W£U#o6lJ of grave inquiry still upon his face, j ?He ??fciTfr *'i'.e man before him. - j 'F£Maii:s,;'iexelaimed Brierly, when he saw ; that, iia -answer, no defence, was^to be niade, j 'will you look me in the face and say that ; you, and Myere also, have not 'connived to ? keep me under your eyes? To accompany - me when that was practicable, and to prevent , my ' going when it was not? I can recall several occasions when- — ' He stopped short, checked in his utterance by a sudden, subtle change in the face of Ferrars, who had not stirred so much as an eyelid, but who spoke at once quietly, but with a certain tone of- finality, of decision. . 'Briefly, .do you believe that James Myers ' is* 'your''' 'friend, 'm the full meaning of the word*'-- '* -;' - . ''. . . 'I do! ' It is not that I doubt, or that — -' 'And do you believe,' went on Ferrars, putting aside his protest with a peremptory ! gesture, 'do you believe that, while thus far I seem, to have failed in unravelling the mys- ; tery in which your brother's death seems en- ; shrouded, I have given it my most faithful \ study, my tune, thought, effort and labor? ; That, in short, I have been true to your in- ! terest at all times?' I 'I know it. You have been all that and more. You must hear me, Ferrars. And I beg that you will answer me. Why am I \ watched, thwarted, cajoled? Why do you and Myers fear to let me out of your sight? A few weeks ago you found, or seemed to find, your chief interest in Glenville; yon looked for clues, for developments, there; and j yet you have no.t .visited Glenville since you ' left -It so suddenly. Even 'your own personal interest has not drawn you there for a single day.' ? 'By my 'personal interest7 you mean what, Brierly?' ' 'You know what I mean. Pardon me, and do not misunderstand me. I could not fail : to see that you were interested in . Mrs. ? Jamieson, and why not?' While Brierly spoke, the detective arose, and began to pace the floor with lowered eyelids and slow tread. Brierly watching him, was silent a moment, then he seemed to pull' himself together and to speak with enforced calmness. 'Ferrars, do you know what thought has taken posses- ' sion of my brain until I cannot shake it off?' 'Assuredly not' going on with his pro menade. 'But I shall be glad to hear.' 'I have begun to fear— yes, to fear— that you have found some reason for suspecting me, and that your horribly acute logic has even caused Myers to doubt too.' 'Man!' Ferrars swung about and sudden ly faced him. 'Much meditation has surely made you mad. Now, in heaven's name, so far as may be, let us understand each other. First, vou are utterly wrong.' 'Ah!' 'Next, you speak of Mrs. Jamieson, and of my 'personal interest.' I admit, willingly, That I am interested in that lady. But my personal feelings and interests must be subT sc-rvient for a time to your business. * 'Pardon me.' 'And now, I did leave Glenv.'lle to follow you, and see that you did not spoil my plans by any rashness.' 'You are talking a puzzle!' 'Let me talk it out then, for you have forced my hand. But for this I should have gone on as before. And I did not dream that Mr. Myers and I were playing our game so stupidly, so openly; nor that you, owing to : your present preoccupation, would prove so astute.' - - 'You have not bungled,, be sure of that. You have been most wonderfully keen and clever, but it was this very preoccupation, as you call it, my abnormal ssnsitiveness, in fact, .w.hich made me study your every word and set me searching for its hidden meaning; and,' -so I could not fail to see that 'you were handling me: hedging me about for some purpose.' ? . 'Ah! You have said the word. Brierly.' Ferrars resumed his seat opposite the other, and his tone became once more composed. 'We were trying to 'hedge ycu about' to put Up a wall between you and the assassin who killed your brother. ' Wait! Let me say it all. It is little enough, ? Do you reinember telling me of an 'assault' upon your brother, made by footpads, not long before he came to Glenville?' 'Yes.' 'It was that which gave rne my first real clue. It confirmed one of the few theories that fieem to fit, or cover, the case so far as known; but it wanted confirmation. I found nothing in Glenviile that was in any way opposed to this theory which I was growing to be lieve in, but, on the other hand, I found no thing there to strengthen it. When you left that place, I meant to follow soon. Mean time I had confided my theory to Mr. Myers, who promised not to lose sight of you be fore I should arrive.' 'But why? Why?' . j 'Because I then believed, as I do now, that that attack upon your brother last summer was the first act in the tragedy which has robbed you of him. I believed the plot to be far-reaching. It may be a case of vengeance, a family feud. The motive is yet to be dis covered, but I will admit to you that I have had, from the first, a reason to think that the affair has not yet ended; and so, as soon as I could. I followed you to town. It was well that I did so. Before I had been your shadow forty-eight hours, I had proof that you were being otherwise watched and followed.' 'Great heavens! And that is why ? ' He stopped short and bowed his head. 'That is why Myers and I have been such' officious friends, why we have advised,, re marked, and why I have tried to trace to his lair the man who has been your very frequent shadow.' 'And you fhinlr he is ? ' 'The assassin himself or his tool.' i 'Good heavens! And you cannot guess his j motive?' j 'We might guess, of course, half a dozen motives. What I have hoped to find was i something,- some fact in your family history, your father's life, or your mother's, perhaps, that would fit into one of these guesses or theories, and make of it a probability.' And then the two went all over the array of I possible reasons and motives, and Brierly j again protested his leek of any knowledge I which might serve as the feeblest of guides j to the truth. ; . ., '? 'There's one other thing,' said Brierly, at I last 'I want to know if the new man, whom Myens took on soon after you came to town, is one of your sleuths? -He has annoyed me more than once by his persistent attentions.' \- Ferrars smiled. 'I never supposed you a reader of the penny dreadfulj±$rierly,' he said, 'and 'sleuttfis a word which makes the actual detective smile, and which is not known to the professional vocabulary. TTjpfry; is my man; yes. And he has followed you j by day and night when you have not had the j company\of. either Myers or : 'myself.' ; . ? . j Robert Brierly threw - backJUs head and ! folded hie arms. After k moment of silence lie got up and stood before the 'detective. 'Ferraxs,' he said;'- 'I owe -ybu : and my .absent friend an abject apology for my un worthy suspicions, my impatience viander t&-, straint. And nbw,-I 'beg of ybu^let ''this end.' I -am warned, and- p do noV think myself a rash inan. /: :I belieire £T ^ai ^protect Sny&}£ and how can I^endure^Jie thought that I must be -hedged -about by this -Icoratant .guardian ship, which may last ^Indefinitely? With ;dEaw^,Hic^^^Uld'^°^^V-'^Pllr-.''o'wa valuable; .-'time -to' betta';tm^ii^'V:.S$ther''£han.-s5 about knowing myfielf so fenicj^Tin and guarded, I j will lock myself up in the attic, and remain a' recluse and invisible, 'fieav^ns, man! am VI j so stupid 4-rreowai-dly a man not to be.abtej to cope with An enemy; whoin 1 know to be ' In ambush at my verylheels?' . . * j w GHAPTERXVI. Much as Ferrars regretted Brierly's dis covery, he was not. very much surprised- by it, nor could he avoid or refuse an: explanation. Robert Brierly was not a child. He was a strong man, and a brave one; and Ferrars, putting ^himself Jn the other's place, .felt L. at once -the force of his words,' the 'right of his position; and, after a day or two, he withdrew Hicks from his post. At the same tiuiL1 he observed with- surprise and some misgiving that the shadow was no longer on duty. With 't\jro trusty and able men, by turns, always on watch within sight of the Myers place, no glimpse of him had been seen for more than a week. And then, like a lightning flash from a clear sky, the blow fell. It was Sunday evening, and in the aristo cratic uptown street where the Myers lived there reigned a Sabbath quiet, for the habi tues of the little park beyond had left it with the fading twilight and had already passed on their way townward. Robert Brierly had been indoors since morn Ing, and now, shortly after Mr. and Mrs. Myers had walked down the tree-shaded street, toward the church on the avenue three blocks away, he came out upon the broad front portico and stood for a moment looking idly up and down. There had been concessions on both sides, since that interview between Brierly and Ferrars hi which the former had demanded an explanation; and the withdrawal of Hicks had t»een but one of the results; another had been a promise: given by Brierly, whereby he pledged himself not to walk the pity streets alone after dark, but if unaccom panied to take a cab, there -being a stand only two blocks away, in the direction of the park. These cabs, when wanted, we^e to be called by one of the servants, and to take him from ,the door; but on this Sunday night as Brierly looked up and down with a growing wish to drive about town and have a talk with Fer rars, he remembered that on Sunday the ser vants were allowed to go out; all save one who must remain in charge, and decided that it would be absurd to stand there 'like a prisoner bound by invisible chains' and wait for a chance to bring either carriage or police man. He had received on the previous even ing lettere from Glenville, from Hilda and Doctor Barnes, and his curiosity had been aroused by the contents of both. He had not . seen the detective for four days, and he fan | cied that he, too, would have had news from . the little lakeside town; more explicit and i satisfactory news, doubtless, than that con j tained in his own letters. 'How absurd!' he muttered, apropos of his ? own thoughts. 'No doubt I'll meet a hack ! before I reach the corner,' and ' he lighted a cigar and went down the steps, glancing, from sheer force of habit, for the street at that moment seemed quite empty, ' up and down, as he went toward the cab stand. 'I was sure of it,' he said again, . as he neared the corner, at the end of the block farthest from his home. 'There they are, both of them.' I (To be continued.) 