Some True Ghost Stories- Mr Andrew Lang lias just written a book to conviuce the sceptical concerning dreams and ghosts. One story related by Mr Lang- of the manifestations which accompanied ouf Bolter, a trader's clerk on a Pacific island, is facile princeps. Mr Lang tells this as a genuine adventure of a kinsman of his, a man of education, an artist, and a student of anthropology andethnology. who lias passed much of his life iu the Pacific. Bolter, who became this gentleman's com- panion, was distinguished by large black eyeSj with a peculiar dull, dead lustre. He could see in the dark, reading writing hidden in an inner pocket, and so on. The niggers thought him a devil, it seems to the ordinary reader highly probable that they were right. Sleeping in the same bed with Bolter, in a one-roomed" hut, Mr Laug's friend was awakened in the night by finding th door open, and 1'our or five big black dogs romping round the bed. He turned them out, thinking them flesh and blood, but discovered afterwards that other men, who had shared Bolter's couch,,had been disturbed by the same nocturnal visitants. Although the author does not state so, we are in clined to conclude that they must have been thehell hounds of ancient legend. The worst, however, was to come. Bolter could not be awakened. Hitface, always pasty white, was now like marble in the moonlight. And, meanwhile, the blanket was being gradually dragged from the bed. The narrator pulled it up, but it was jerked away violently. He hung oh, held fast, then faster, until it seems to have become a grim game of "pull devil, pull baker." The climax is thus teld :— " To get a better hold, 1 had taken a turn over my head (or perhaps simply to hide), when suddenly I felt a pressure outside on my ho ly, and a movement like fingers—they gradually approached my head. Mad with fear I chucked off the blanket, grasped a hand, gazed on it for a moment iu silent horror, and threw it away ! No wonder; it was attached to no arm or body, it was hairy and dark-colored, the fingers were short, blunt, with long, •claw-like nails, and it was minus a thumb ! Too frightened to get up, I had to stop in bed, alter fresh vain attempts £o awaken Bolter." In the morning an old Maori was found murdered in the garden, and the old man's hand •was the thumbless object which figured in this scene. Most people will be at a loss to know what conclusion to draw from this attested narrative, save that of all room mates, the uiediuwistic Bo}ter was the least desirable. On the whole, the stories which come nearest to impressing us with the notion that " there are more things in . lieaven and earth," &c;,, axe the • historical ones, which are. or should be, well known. Lord Lyttelton® ghost, declared by Dr. Johnson to be "the most extraordinary, thing that has jhappened in my day," is a specimen example. Lyttelton was .a type of the wicked lord —froue, a debauchee. On 24th November. 1779, he declared to Rowan Hamilton, to Captain Aeeough, and several other witnesses that he bad seen a ghost (variously described as bird and woman), who had warned him he should die in three days. Although in bad health, he pmfes-ed two days later that lie " was very •well, and believed he should biik the ghost." But about midnight on '28th November he (died suddenly in bed, while his valet was afcsent for a few minutes. There wss wo in-. quest, and Horace Walpole's suggestion of a premeditated suicide, with the story ot the phantasm thrown in as a last practical joke, is rather a farfetched hypothesis. Lord Brougham's story has a close resemblance to a host of others, all tending to sup port the theory or superstition that the wraiths of the dead may rppear to the living at the moment of dissolution Brougham tells it first in hi diary, then iu his autobiography. In youth he made a compact with his close friend, G-—, that whichever died first should appear to th other, iind so solve any doubts they had entertained of the life "after death. They actually drew up aud signed the agreement with their blood- G went to India. Brougham had almost forgotten his existence until, when taking a warm bath in a Swedish hotel, he turned round towards the chair on which he had deposited his clothes. e There sat G- looking calmly at him, and the future statesman sprawled senseless upon the floor at the sight,, G , it proved afterwards, had died ou that very day. Lord Brougham thinks he must have dreamed in his bath, and calls it a " singular coincidence." Mr Lang does not appear to agree. There is not only the extraordinary co incidence ot the " dream" synchronising with the death, but the fact of the early compact immensely multiplying the mathematical odds. 