THOMAS JARVIS .INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, oar representative made his way to thp humble homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest mon in Sydney. He was . up and about ablo to answer the knock at tho door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical Illness, and a period of pain; it was very clear that he wnBan invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. . In reply to the preliminary questions, ho said: "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facta may be of value to those who are stricken as T was." " How long wore you suffering ?" " Wei), twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I havo done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I WAS badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street* Sydney. Since the accident I havo been in failing health, and aftor four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up ray billet at the Glebe Island.0 u What were tho symptoms ?" " Simply.indescribable. The pains were something torrible. They wore juBfc about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were outting my bones in two in every part of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and, everyone else. I was incessantly-shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly Jiopelesa. However, he gave me. an order to the "Director of Charitable Institutions." 41 Did you make use of the order " No, I came.home and wont to bed, and havo been pretty well in bod ever since. Five weeks ago I could nob walk across the floor ; in f ict, I could not got out of .bed. I felt then that it was all over with-me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did all ho cou'd, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was In. I was under him for five or six weeks. He caraa to tho concuisfon that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spiral cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, an (J difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments, He told mo that T might last for tep years, and that I might never get the use of my logs, (Just then the patient .kicked, his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just'as a drowning man will gra^p ata straw, Igrasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the euro effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give tho Pink Fills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was ablo to eat and sleop as though nothing was tho matter with me. It was the first npootito and rest I had for many a day. It was, incredible. I imrne* diately loft tho bod and was able to movo about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pilla during t ho paat four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with tho aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They wero made for mo before I got tho Pink Pills, but I was .too weak to usa them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He ia 100 per cent, bottor," said MrB, Jarvh3, who had come in and taken the baby on hor knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ton years younger tliat day than ho did a fortnight proviously. VI can now," continued Jarvis, "havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am,' I hope to be able to resume work as a boilor-muker, and you know I have to be in thotvery pink of health and strongth to work at that trade. I am better to-duy than I hav,e been at any time during tho past five yoars. I uBcriho ail the change and benefit to tho?o Pink Pilla. They have saved my life; I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a now roan. On tho mantelpiece the?o is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But tlioy can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows mu has been amazed at the chango in nib. They can hardly bellovo | their eyes. My being about again has caused ! quite a eens-atiqn out hero." | Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in ail tho chief news papers of this ooun'ry of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pilla for Palo People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and opinal disoaso, also the many disorders ,whioh arise from an im poverished statu of the blood, such as ansemia, pale, and sallow complexion, genorat musaular weakness, indigosi ion, , loas of appetite, short ness uf breath, pains in tho back, nervous headncho, etc. 