BIANCA LOVE STORY. It was in a pretty, old-fashioned country churchyard that I heard the following story. The sexton had been at work at a little dis tance, but he observed the interest with which I had stopped to gaze upon a straight shaft of white marble, on whioh was cnt the simple inscription, ' Bianca Morelli, aged 17.' never beheld a prettier girl,' said he ; ' eyes so big and dark and shiny ; a com plexion like ivory, aud the reddest lips. She was a fine figure of a girl, too ; tall aud elegant, though slight ; and the regular blue-black hair that I've heard belongs to that kind of beauty. Her family consisted of an uncle and aunt, and their son, to whom she was engaged to be married, and whom she seemed to bate worse thau poison. 'It isn't likely that I would ever have known the family affairs of folks so far above me, even in a country place like this, where everything gets talked of, more or less, but for the circumstance that I pos sessed a nephew, who was about the hand somest young fellow that ever the sun shone upon. He was as fair as the Signorina. Morelli was dark ; his eyes were blue, like violets, and his hair like gold ; and, bless you, sir, when theeo two young people first saw each other it was as clear a case of love at first sight as any other Romeo and J uliet, and just as natural as the flame between fire and tow. ' My nephew — his name was Reginald, and we called him Rex for short — was the organist of the little church over yonder, and tho young lady sang in the ohoir, though she was such a grand one. ' In that way tho two young people first met. and their acquaintance progressed rapidly, as you may suppose. The cousin to whom the Signorina was engaged used to come to church with her. I reckon that Italian fellow loved the girl in his fierce way as well as he conld ever love anything, though it was thought he eared most about her money. ' Of course he was as jealous sb a Turk, and if looks oonld have killed, poor Rex would not have lived long to be his rival. But neither my brave Rex nor Miss Bianca cared a bit for the Signor's black looks, and then, yon must know, the young lady never really agreed to the engagement. It was all made up by her relatives, and she always declared she would die rather than marry her cousin, declaring boldly that ehe loved Rex Haywood, and would never marry any other man. ' Aud one day, with his bright face shin ing with triumph and merriment, Rex hurried away to the ehuroh to practise his music for the next Sunday. But it was a very different music that he played when that sad day oame, for on the very next morning I tolled the bell for Bianoa Morelli, who had been found cold and still and white when her maid entered to dress her for breakfast. This was a Friday, and the funeral was set for Sunday, and you may be sure, in a plaoe like this, there was plenty of talk about the sudden death and the hurried burial. ' But my nephew — poor Rex ! — said noth ing. He seemed turned to stone, but he played the most beautiful music that ever was heard in our church for the funeral ser vice of the girl he loved ; and, though they wouldn't allow him to go near the grand mahogany coffin in the church, J took oare he should help me to lower it into the grave, and he stood beside me aud dropped a great bunoh of red roses down on to it as I began to shovel in the earth. ' Well, well, my poor Rex 1 I hope I may never see such a face of despair again ; and as I glanced at him from time to time I felt sore that his would be the next grave I should fill in. ' It was late that night, and I was just thinking of going to bed, though Rex hadn't come home ; and I was mighty uneasy about him, when I heard the click of the door downstairs as it opened and shut, and then I recognised his step, quick and hurried, as he came upstairs — not a bit like tbe slow, drag ging steps of the last two nights, but even lighter and quioker than it used to he ; and I hadn't done wondering when the door opened, and the next moment he was beside me — wild, haggard, pale as death, and with his great blue eyes almost starting from his head ! I'm not a nervous man, but I jumped up, worse soared thau if 1 had seen a ghost. Before I oould utter a word, for my voice failed me, Rex caught me hard by the arm aud whispered hoarsely— ' Don't speak, unole, but j ust listen. Bianca isn't dead. I hope an", believe she is not dead ! Look ! — read !' and he held before my eyes a scrap of paper, on which was sorawled these words : — ' ' Hex, sny darling, if I die, or seem to die, believe them not!' Have me taken from the ooffin within twelve hours of my burial, and all may yet be well. You will not fail me, dearest. Adieu ! Bianca.' ' I read this extraordinary message over more than once before I took in its meaning, bnt as it flashed on me, I saw as well as Rex how little time we had to lose, and I fore stalled his words. ' Come on, in Heaven's name !' I whis pered. ' It must he close on twelve o'olook, and as safe as it will ever be for such a work. Fortuuately, it's a pitch black night, and all the moon thore was has gone hours ago. Come on !' ' While I spoke I found a little dark lantern, and we were already descending the Btairs, and next moment we were stealing through the churchyard, with my pick and shovel in hand, which I had caught up as we passed by the outhouse where I had kept them. It was terrible work ; but in less time than I had ever used a spade before th3 newly- made grave was opened, the coffin rifled of its precious contents, which Rex and I carried to our home, wrapped up in a huge shawl which I had brought for the purpose. ' Gh, my ! But it was the unoanniest night's work that ever I did since the hour I was born ! We laid the body on my bed, and we chafed the cold, white bands, and listened in vain at the pulseless heart. But I saw no sign of life. She was as beautiful as a figure of alabaster and as lifeless, for aught that I could see ; but Rex declared that she was not dead. 'So, as it was necessary that I should restore the empty coffin and fill in the grave again, I was obliged to leave him there, on his knees beside her, wildly kissing the poor, coid hands and calling on her to open her lsvely eyes to see her lover by her. But I had no hope that anything but some fearful trouble would come of it., and marvelling and terrified as to what might be the end of the business, I hastened away to the work that awaited me. 1 But they were right, and like a stupid old man I was wrong ; for when 1 returned the trance-like sleep was broken, and the soul had awakened within that apparently lifeless form, and the lovers sat holding each other's hands, her head resting on his shoulder, while he sought to calm tho fearful agitation which had taken possession of her now that she began to realise the horror of all that had happened. ' Ah ! that was a brave girl, aud a story- writer might fill a volume with her history and all she went through in those . few months from the time of her first meeting with Rex till this awful night. But I must I cut it short., for the night is coming on. To be brief, then-.- She had never told Rex half, or indeed a tenth part, of what she suffered with those wiofeed relations of hen, especially the cousin who wanted to marry her. ' At last their persecution readied a point when she conld bear no more, and she dis covered a plot by whioh she was to be hur ried away to Italy, unknown to anyone, and she knew well that she would never see Rex again in this world if this plan should be carried out. She waB in despair. ' The Italian saw that she had discovered the plot, and she was immediately looked in her room, all communication with the outer world out off. Even ber maid was in the pay of her relatives, as she knew, but the girl seemed to love her personally, and, driven to the last extremity, she found her self obliged to make a confidant of her, and to trust her life to this girl's discretion. ' She proved worthy, and gave her entire assistance to her young mistress. They con cocted the desperate plan, whioh-, by means of some mysterious Italian drug, they managed to carry out, with such result as I have described ; and while I was still 1 ston ing to a story more wonderful than any romance I had ever read, this same faithful servant joined us. ' I found the door open,' she said to the Signorina, ' and hearing voices, knew all was well, and oame directly here.' 4 But it was easy to see from tho young lady's agitation that all was not well ; and I guessed that if some change was not coming soon she was in danger of dying in earnest from exitement and consequent exhaustion. My mind was speedily made up. I knew our good minister to be one good man pioked out of ten thousand, and I was soon at his - bedside, telling him the whole story while I helped him to dress. ' Never have I seeu a man more dazed ; but he soon took in the situation, aud helped us out of our perplexity. He went with me directly, and a special license was obtained at once by Rex, so that next day the young couple were .married and driven by me (in the minister's one- horse carriage) to a dis tant railway station, where they took the first train for London. ' Of course 1 need not say that Maria, tbe maid, aooompauisd them. She had proved herself invaluable iu bringing clothes for her mistress, and a box of valuable jewels on. which Rex raised a large sum of money when they reached London. ' The next day there was a great hue and ory over the disappearance of Maria, whom, the Italians called a thief and a monster of ingratitude ; but they never suspeoted the real cause of the girl's running away. All this happened years ago, sir ; but I hear from my nephew now that his wife is at length so strong and well that they are going to make their appearance before the Italian cousin and claim the Signorina's great fortune, whioh that villain las been enjoying ever since hiB return to Italy. ' I don't doubt hut there will be a great time over it, but we will he able to prove our story — for there is the empty coffin below there, and the living ocoupant ; mj self, who played sunh an important part ; and the minister who married them, thank Heaven ! is still alive and hear<y. And now good evening, sir ; I've my work to finish, but I suppose you don't wonder now that I laugh when I look ai that handsome white marble headstone !'— -W. Stone. 