ASTOUNDING I.OC0MOTÔ1! ATAXIA CUHE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASK HOPE-. LESS. HELD TO BE So"liT MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYl^EV M.L.A. lî.CAP.S TES TIMON Y. (From the AuttraVan Hoilnian ) Our representativo mude Iiis way to fióme of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Cionn-li Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is ono of the best kui residents of that thickly populated subi He was discovered nursing a bu by, and face declared him to bo one of thc happ men in Sydney. In reply to (he preliminary questions, euid : 11 Vau want t'i know all shout my cu Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell y The facts may bo of value to those who -stricken asl was." How long were you sufleriug ?" " About (ive. and a-hulf years ago I met \v an accident ; I wan badly ECaldcd while taki a bath in l'ilt-strect, Sydney. From tile di of the accident my heall h began lo fail, u after four years of gradual development {locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up II billet st thc Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains we something terrible. They were for all tl World like as if a saw were cutting my bo» ?in two in every part of rae. I had no coutr over my bowoLs or bladder, and was a nuisam to myself and everyone else. I was ince eantly shivering and shaking, and caul neither 'eat .nor sleep. I saw a well.knon doctor, and he told mc that my case wu utterly hopeless. " I came home and went to bed, and hav been io bcd pretty well ever siuce. A fci weeks ago I could not walk across the floor in fact, I could not get ont of bcd. I fel then that it was all over with me, and onl; a question of days when I would give up th ghost. My doctor was attending me, am did All he could, hy opium aud morphia pills -to ease the agony I was ic I was under hin for five or six weeks. He came to tho con elusion that I was suffering from Locnmotoi ¿taxis, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, s disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patieut kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) " Well, juBt as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describ- ing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I road in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise- ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' rink i'm « (rial anyway, and sent for a box. Th effect wat magical. I was able to eat ani deep as though nothing was the matter witl me. It was the first appetite and rest I ha< for manya day. It was incredible. X im mediately 16ft the bed and was able to moví about. When taking the fifth box, I wai able to walk about with tue aid of a atiek ano was gradually but surely recovering my formel vigour and vitality. You ace those crutchet there t They are perfectly new, and I bav< never used them. They were made for mc before I got thc Pills, but I was too weak tc sue them, and now I don't want them." Mrs, Jarvis, who bad come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved bis life and made auothër man of bim. A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years youuger that day than he did a short time back. "loan now," continued Jarvis, "bave a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in roy legs, I expLCt shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to. be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day i han I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all tho change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I ara in no pain now whatever, and feel like u new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor give' me to deaden the excruciating pain, ut they can stay where they arc, for I no tonger need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the cbauge in me. They oan hardly believe their eyes. My .being about again has caused quite a sensation ont here." WHAT MR. LABOUR-LEADER M'fiftWEiV KKnWH Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowcn, M. P., leader ol the labour party in tho N.S.W. Assembly, waa alto teen in connection with (he remark- able case of Mr. Thomas Jarvie. He aaye he bas known Jarvis from infancy lie also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which bo developed. Ho afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that lhere was little ohance of his reoovoty. He understood Jarvis was ref uaed admission to tboSydocy Hospital, as his- case had been pronounced Incurable. Mr. M'tîowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew tho facts, astounded at thc complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the ouro of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after-effects, and are a specific for all disctsosof women, such aa&ncemia;, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They arc not a purgative medicine, hut brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pille are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from thc Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Qoccn's-place, .Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt nf stampsfflrpost order, i boxfor2s. 0d. or half dozen for 16s. 3d. i 