The Storytelled. THE LOST HEIRESS. . j (Continued from Wednetday't isiue.j ; CHAPTER X. — (Continued.; ' ' .'Not that tbe Professor could not have given a . Mora .substantial and UBefnl education, if he had ehosen; for,- strange as it may seem, he was a learned man, having reoeived a olassloal eiuoa . lion, and being master of more than one modem language. Bat tbe mkn objected to the straight course ! on any snbject. An honorirable; honest eareer. did not snit his mean intellect, ana ae woaia ^ .work twioe as hard to gain anything dishonestly, bb to earn it by honest labour. . ' In person, Mr Smidge was small, wiry, and active, the very jeverao of Nanoy, which might, perhaps, have formed a bond of attraction be tween them. In any oase, the arrangement Was -satisfactorily -oonoludei, though Bill did (iot quite see the advantages, of it, and Mr. Smidge removed to Nancy's abode. One of the next changes was to give up baby tarming. It had served as a cloak, it is true ; but it was ia troublesome cloak, and receiving stolen £oods could, without doubt, be managed without So tbe children were disposed of in various trays; no others were taken, and tbe peculiar branoh of trade which they had chosen was Vigorously entered upon. , And' during all this time nothing had been heard of Jack Brown. For the first three or four years of his ab sence, his sister was daily, almost hourly, think ing he would return, and wondering what tale the could invent that woald satisfy him about the child be had left behind ; but, as the time went on, and still no news of the missing sailor reached them, she came to the conclusion that be was dead. The month is July, and the hot sun streams down with scorching power, making the stones in Bride's Alley, Drury Lane, hot enough to be painfully unpleasant to many a pair of little naked feet pattering over them. In a room overlooking this delightful locality — in the front room of the first floor ot a house in Bride's Alley, the windows of which were thrownCpen. with the futile hope of a breath of fresh air — sat Nancy. One ought to call her Mrs. Smidge ; but as she seldom takes the trouble to do so herself, it is, perhaps, unnecessary. ' Good gracious ! the 'eat will be the death' of me 1' she gasped. ' Well, these are melting moments !' returned Mr. Smidge, oomplacently, puffing away at a small blaok pipe, then regaling himself from a tumbler of what, at the first glance, might have been taken as dear cold water. ' Talk o' roasting taters 1' panted Nancy. ' Being pitched into tbe fire's nothing to it 1' ' Ain't it though ? Shiver my timbers 1 but it's nothing to the equator,' said a voioe at the doorway. ' Why, Nan, lass, don't you know me ?' and the intruder, whoever he was, pro Oeeded to embrace and kiss the fat woman, in a way that the Professor by no means approved of. 'Jack,' she cricd, 'this is my old man ! Smidge, this is ray brother Jack ' No sooner did Smidge understand that this intruder, instead of being a rival, was, in fact, only a brother, than he held out his hand to welcome him. Jack eyed him critically — even disdainfully for a second ; and then, with the remark, ' You're a queer old lubber, yoc are, but I don't mind shaking your fin,' gave Smidge eaoh a -grip as made that worthy gentleman wince with pain. 'Where have ye bin, Jack? Wethoughtyou was dead years ago. How was it you never oomed home ?' ''Cos them 'ere .savages wouldn't let me. But where's my little beauty. She's a big lass how, I reckon, isn't she f' For the moment Nanoy had forgotten the child asked for. Then she remembered it all thought of the lost little one, the fifty pounds paid for it, of the second child whioh she had made suoh a good bargain out of, then the visit of the lawyer and detective following close upon it ; and her rubicund visage became pale, her hand shook, and she seemed for tbo moment to lose all her self control. ' Now, then, what's up ? Where's ray little lass ? I want to know,' continued Jack, re garding his sister suspiciously. ' She —she's dead ?' Nanoy managed to gasp out. '.It's false 1 Tell me where she is— give her to me, or I'll have tbe law on you I' he said, fiercely. ' If she's dead, you've murdered her.' ' It's true, I tell you,' replied Nancy ; ' She died when she was quite a little 'un.' ' Did she ?' returned Jack, mookingly. ' As that's the way the wind lies, I'll make a oall at the next police-station ; mayhap they'll be able to help me there.' And he walked towards the door, evidently intending to do as he had threatened. ' Police — police !' echoed hiB liBtenerB. ' Are you mad ? Here, man, stop 1' Thus saying, Smidge sprang between Jack and the door. ' Here, my fine lubber, I'd hook off a dozen like yon before breakfakt any day, and think nothing of it. Put down that knife 1' he added, With a gleam in hiB eyes which looked dangerous, ' or ril make you I' Smidge was no coward, but, at the same time, he was no mateb for the burly sailor ; and though he did not drop the knife, his pea-soup complexion became peraeptibly several shades more pallid. 'You'll ruin us. For Heaven's sake, listen to reason 1 Here, Nan, tell him the truth, and the whole truth.' ' What shall I do ? If I does tell him the truth, he'll be as wild ? ' ' No, I won't,' said Jack, firmly. ' I know the truth when I hear it. No spinning yarns 1 to me, my lass. Mayhap what's done can't be I undone ; but it will be worse for you if yon don't tell me all.' ' You won't be angry with me, Jaak ?' pleaded the woman, evidently afraid of him. ' I don't know : that depends. Out with it, whatever it is.' Whereupon, with many excuses for herself, Nancy described how the child had been lost — earned away by a stranger— that warm afternoon fourteen years ago. She dwelt upon her own anxiety and fruitless ?earch for the little one, and then she paused. ' And is that all ?' asked Jaok, regarding her intently. Nanoy was frightened into telling him the truth— nay, even the Whole truth. When he baiL that, he conld have no more, she thought ; and so she confessed the whole affair, even to having received fifty poundB as quittanoe of all future claims. ' But, you see, { couldn't help it,' she con tinued. ?? He said as how he'd call in thepolioe, and go before a magistrate, and get a border from a judge, and wonldn't restore her to me till I'd proved my right to her, which, in course, I oouldn't do; and he so jawed me.thatl was glad e to get away, and to know the little 'un was safe s till you came back. s 'Ah 1 then, you know where she is?' c ' No, that I don't ; for when I went to seek Iter them, six months arter, they was all gone, a and nobody knowed where.' t ' You know the name of the man as tooked v her, and where the bouse was as he lived in then, a don't you?' asked Jack. ' Oh yes 1 I knows that, and his naraeis t! Swindon. & 'Whose name's Swindon?' asked a voice a from the doorway ; ' and,' continued the speaker, regarding the sailor intently, ' who are h yon?' % w The intruder was a young man of about one h or two and twenty, tall, slight, with an air of tl semi-gentility about him, which yon would be n puzzled .to account for, considering the Btock d '™m whence he Bprang and the training he had jj*en allowed to pick up himself, rather than had p been conferred. upon him. This polish was the n 'ost superficial imaginable, however, the v varnish being so thin and scantily laid on, that w ; coarse material beneath was for ever show- fl ,ag and obtruding itself. n You would scarcely recognise in him Bill, the ?T™ little monster who had frightened and ai 'eaten the baby Fieya, until he had become a fi l^rtect terror to her ; and yet all the old, cruel, *v≥ nature was there, added to a sly cunning, a whioh made him still more repulsive, and far more dangerous. ?' It's your uncle Jack, Bill,' says Nanoy, hastily, fearing another scene. ' Hasn't the boy grown, Jack?' she went on, turning to her brother, and trying to mark the impression his nephew made upon bim. ' Yes, he's grown. And it's you who lost my little Freya, is it? Perhaps, my lad, Til make It worth your while to find her. CHAPTER XI. lots. cabiiTon's Ball. To girls in their teens, I am aware that thirty seems middld-age ; and if the lady oompelled to admit this number of summers is still unmarried, the inferenoe of her younger companions is, that her matrimonial ohances are over. That this is a mistake, daily experience proves ; for women of from five-and-twenty to thirty are often far more fascinating than at any earlier periods of their lives. This, at least, was the oase with Elfie Carlton, for Elfie Carlton she is still. Thus, at the age of thirty, we find her looking for a possible peerage, and, with the secondary object in her life partly, but -only partly accom plished. Perhaps the principal cause of her not being married was, she had vowed to win her consin Malcolm Glenoairn's heart. This was all the more fooliBh, from the faot that Malcolm was by no means an eligible parti. The second son of a by no means wealthy Scotch laird, he had studied for the English Bar, and was slowly working his way upwards. Very slowly, however ; and two hundred a year, which was all he possessed, besides his uncertain and occasional fees, was not enough to support himself, muoh less to keep a wife upon. But Elfie oared nothing for this - thought nothing of it, indeed, though the question of in come and fortune formed an important item in estimating the value of her other suitors. Maloolm's very impenetrability, his affection ate though oousingly indifference, all added zest to the pursuit, and though, in these many years, she had entertained other likings, and listened with a willing ear to the words of love, she had always returned to that first feeling whioh had taken so deep a root in her callous heart. 'Elfie's greatest rival had been the idea, which still held: firmly in the heart of the young man, that it was his duty to find the missing daughter of the late Lord Felspar. Years had passed by, hundreds of pounds had been Bpent on the search. More than onoe had some alue been found which seemed to oonfirm his Idea that she was still alive, and yet she was not found. Long ago now— soon, indeed, after he had been entered at the University— a letter had been re ceived by Mr. Fenton, the solioitor, stating that little Freya Stanbury was alive and well, but that as it was well known there was a plot against her life to obtain possession of her title and fortune, she would not be brought forward until the time mentioned in her father's will — when she would be eighteen — had arrived. The letter stated, however, that she would be educated and brought up as her future position demanded. The letter puzzled the lawyer — puzzled him more than he cared to admit. In consequence of the absence of the heiress, and uncertainty as to her fate, the conditions and oontents of the will had not been made public; but this letter implied an intimate knowledge of it, which seemed at onoe to narrow the circle of his suspicions. It was not signed, and week after week, month after month, nay years, passed awav without his having obtained any clue to the writer, or being able to verity tbe statements contained in it. Whoever the author might be, whatever cre dence might be placed upon it, the object with which it tvas written was accomplished. Uncertainty and doubt were past upon every thing _ conneoted with the title or estate, and, believing that the personal property was already well invested, the trustees and exeoutors allowed everything to remain very much as it was before the late peer's death. Thus had fifteen years gone by sinoe the wreck of the (l Drifting Snow,' and more than once had efforts been made by the next-of-kin to assume the title. Here, however, another difficulty arose. The peerage was claimed by two distinct branches of the same family, and, as a lawsuit appeared to be inevitable, and so much time bad already elapsed, it was at length mutually agreed that the matter should stand over until the eighteen years, now needing but little more than one to complete them, had passed, when the ac cumulated fortune, as well as the peerage, would be the prize to be contested for. Six months before thiB, Elfie Carlton knew that she had succeeded in one of the chief objects of her life — knew that Malcolm Glencairn loved her, for he had told her so, and asked her if she could endure a life of comparative poverty, to be his wife. And Bhe had replied as he wished her to do, though for various reasons, which she made appear plausible enough, she wished her engage ment kept secret, even from her mother. ' Mamma will make so many objections Mal colm dear,' she said, persuasively, ' that we won't tell her just yet ; we'll gradually break it to her ; but you must leave it to me to do it. You know she has suoh ideas about a suitable income, and has expected suoh great things for me, that I cannot let the disappointment oome upon her suddenly.' And Maloolm reluctantly acqniesced, knowing that what she said and implied was true ; he was a very poor match indeed for one whose fortune was small, but whose personal charms and possible expectations were so great. Still he did not like the secrecy, and it galled him more than he cared to admit when she de sired that he would not take his mother or brother into his confidence. Why she made this stipulation it would be difficult to say. After her years of waiting .crowned with suc oess, she had certainly no idea or intention of going into the paths of deceit or deoeption that' her feet afterwards strayed into, and yet, strange as it may seem, even in the hour of her triumph she was dissatisfied. It is evening. The London season has only just commenced, and invitations are flying right and left for balls, ooncerts, and parties of e very description. It is the beginning of May, and Nature is pat ting forth all her power and seoret resources to beautify the earth, and make the country lanes ind orchards bud and blopm like a very garden of Eden. ' But the dusty, busy, exciting, intoxicating metropolis has far more attraction for the plea sure seekers and votaries et . fashion than the most glowing scene which nature alone could tfford at this particular time of the year. In society, and yet belonging to the fringe of it, rather than firmly established on the broad garment, is Elfie Carlton and the clique to which ihe belongs. As Baroness Felspar, supposing aha ever gets ihe peerage, she will she assures h erself, take lie lead where she is only now admitted as one )f a train. Still, she is in tbe chagibed circle to i certain extent, and she and her mother make t point of giving two or three balls besides lundry dinner-parties at homes, and kettle Irums, in the season. This evening Mrs. Carlton gives her first ball, ind on the principle .now in fashion of asking wice as many people as thehoiase will Con veniently hold, more than two hi mdred guests ire expected. Very lovely is Elfie Carlton be she walks li rough the rooms prepared for tlieir guests to ee that everything is complete betfore the first .rrivals. Splendidly handsome she might be termed in ler flowing dress of rose -coloured satin, trimmed rith real lace, from each small point of which inng a bead of pearls, while aronnd her neck, hat it vied with in whiteness, was a real pearl ecklace, which a duchess zniight not have dis abled . No one would suppose, who did not know outively to the contrary, that she was a day lore than five- and-twenty, fat she was at the ery zenith of her beauty, and her heart swelled rith pride and vanity as she saw her own re ection in the large glr-s8es with which her DOms were hong. ' I ought to be a peere. a,' she half muttered, s her eye took in ev'iry detail of her stately gure; ' and I will — ye s, I will 1' Her lips compressed themselves closely, and - light came into her; hazel eyes, whioh took all the soft and awn-like sweetness from them, ' made them look hard, cold, and capable of any , cruelty— that changed, in faot, the whole oha- ; racter ot the woman ; tbat made her look years 1 older, wlth;8omethlng diabolical in her beauty, i and that even frightened herself as she jaw it, 1 wad made her turn away haEtily, covering her ^ faoe with her hands, struggling with her own j better Belt ior. the mastery. i She had scarcely regained her usnal compo sure before her mother entered the reception ro^m. . . ?: Mrs Oarlton has changed but slightly. . ' I don't know what it is,' Bud Urs.' Oarlton, critically surveying Elfie through her' gold «yp glass': ' your dress is perfeat,— absolutely -per-~ feet, but 'yon don't loiik yourself to-night— fax from your best; and theEarl.of Ventnor is coming, one ot the best partis of tbe season ; just come'into his title and fortune, and only five-and-twenty.' ' While I am thirty,' returned the daughter, bitterly. ' And what if you are ? Five years iBn't muoh, and you look muoh younger than you are. But what ails you to-night?' ' I don't know ; I am not quite well, and I feel tired— Ninette was so long in -dressing me ; I shall be better soon. Ah 1 there they begin to come. ' I wish it were all over ; giving balls is so muoh more trouble than going to them.' And the young lady aotually yawned in anti cipation of the heavy duties whioh this evening would fall upon her. The guests now began to pour in. one after .another, blooking np the rooms, passages, con servatory, and every available nook and comer ; while the drawing-rooms, whioh were unusually spaoious,' were given up to thb danaers. ' Miss Carlton, may I have the pleasure ?' and his affeoted lordship bowed 'as he -solicited the lady's hand for a waltz. ' The lady calmly smiled, and the next moment Lord Ventnor Was steering his way amohg the crowd of dancers, with the fair Slfie in his arms. ' She knows 1 don't like her to waltz with ia stranger,' muttered Malcolm, savagely, between his teeth, as - he watched the oouple ; and he was only roused from his gloomy abstraotioh by a hand being placed on his arm, and the voioe of a friend ana brother-barrister Baying : ' See, Glencairn : there's Swindon, tbo author — the man, you said the other day, you would so much like to know. Come along, and I'll introduce yon. I suppose that's his daughter with him. By Jove I did you ever see such a beauty ?' Maloolm turned as desired. i His eyes rested a second on the author, then wandered on to the figure by his side. What is it that makes him start, tnrn pale, and seize the arm ot his friend as though tor sup port ? Can he know that strange faoe ? Can there be any seoret in his life mixed up with it ? But it starts before him as from a dream ; a familiar, vivid memory of it— a memory of having known, and dreamed of, and loved it ; and yet he aannot fix or assooiate it with any part of his life. It is rather the ghost of some dream— the vestige of some imaginary state of pre-existenoe ; or, perhaps, he had seen that faoe in a pioture, and from dwelling upon it, thought' he must have known the reality. Be this as it may, a ball-room, with curious eyes fixed upon him, was not tbe plaoe in whioh to indulge in any great emotion ; and though his astonishment, tinged with something akin to horror, was still upon him, he conquered it with an effort, made some remark to his friend, and was following him through the crowd for the promised introduction, when Mrs. Oarlton, whom they happened to pass, said : ' Malcolm, I want to introduce you to Lady Nugget and her adopted daughter.' (To be continued in Wednesday' t ittite.) 