"PUNCH" PICKINGS.. South Australia will be,sixty one years old on 28th December. :A new weekly started in Kobe, Japan, bears the awful heading, The "Kackling Kagmag." Ranjitsinghji is understood to have once harboured a political ambition, and thought of standing for Brighton, Eng land, interests. It is not at all certain that he will not even yet do so. Sir Edwin Arnold has married a Japanese lady in London. In this, Sir Edwin is only acting up to the senti ments he expressed about the little Jap in his "Daily Telegraph" articles on the the Land of the Crysanthemum. Accord. ing to these articles the Jap girls were simply little angels in tiny wooden shoes. Does Sir Edwin's marriage accodutbt for the rapture in those articles, or does the rapture account for the marriage ? "How many children have you?" an English cricketer asked a popular Austra lian bat. "Seven, not out," was the reply. An up country Queensland policeman arrested a dead man for being drunk, and when being called to explain said ? ' Well, that's the way they get dthrunk up here -ye can't tell the difference." ' I will not be responsible for debts contracted in the name of my wife," advertised a Sydeey man. "I would not be so foolish to do what you can do yoirself," replied the wife. A facetious editress, asked how to raise ghosts, supplies for an answer a receipt for Christmas pdding, We would suggest Queenaland rnqr aqd plenty of it, but in the latter casq the goblins might tsae the fo.rm of large fat white spidors... SCarnegie, the American" millionaire and author of "Triumphant Democracy," began his businesp career as an office-boy. He afterwards bought the building in which he had been employed, I've swept out this place scores of times,".he told a brPgter millionaire. There Is a story of a certaiu tlogrt official who signed documents in such an off-hand manner that a practical joke originated amongst his associates, and they drew up a long document and pre sented it for the usual signature. It was jotted down instanter, and then the official was shown that he had signed a warrant giving authority for His own hanging. .q .aujitsinhji's first visit has e SrigoteP toXor'ksreh a t Oct abou? t?hat he did- not unders tan ' wr "o ngfih ecedpt " How's .th at}" and'! Out." ?ose. nqently he was criticised as audibly and freely ?s if he had beeg lpaf, dop, ai 4 blind, All sFq4 of fippat ~l .question able rpmarks werepois'd upqn his appear ance, *c,, and his critics were quite at ease until after lunch, when the Ttdian rose and made a short speech 'in cultured graceful English, The writer has been shown a clipping from an old American paper, a letter signed Cora Brown Potter, in which Mrs. B. P. apologised foran " unseemly display of bosom" in her performance of Cleopatra on the previous night, Forq pleaded agpident atii p@roitn"pFs" IgigtX11' the marner in wii rs Potter' dressed sonle of her parts in lboi?r?e on the ocoassion of her last season here, she has quite recovered from the squeamishness that inspired that letter. 