SURVIVAL OF SUPER: STITION. SOME QUEER IDEAS. OF MANY PEOPLE. , Tho present age delights to draw from tlio skejolon or the past, descant upon tlio grotesque figure which It presents, and aim shafts of ridi cule at Its fear of witches, elves and demons. ". It la wholceome to remember that Alan IB user -u luum, w vnui ibucu uiu ,w.»eu UP, But ho will have a .wild trlelc'of his ancestors. While there are yet "fatal periods and unlucky days," and mauy a charm and amulet put up agalust their appearing, one can no longer sigh, With St. Chrycostom: — "Tlio people suspect everything, and are more In bondage than If thoy woro slavos many times over. This or that man waB first to meet 1110 when I walked out, therefore Ills lunumerablo will befall mo; my servant handod me ray left shoo first; this Indicates dire calamities; I star ted out left foot foremost, a sign of misfortuue; my right eyo twitched upwards on Issuing forth for a walk, this portends tears. Tho braying of a donkey, a sudden sneeze, the crowing of a cock, will Indicate something or other." Unlike cvon the Augustan ago of Queen Anno, tho present does not seo "a rusty nail or a crooked pin shoot up Into prodigies;" yet scarcely a day passes that a nolghbour does not bring forth for our edification a SIGN OP WARNING, as old as tho sibyls or the troe-woruhlppera of tho Rhino. Tho dally press chronicles the finding on the street of a left hind foot of a. rabbit by an hon oured teacher of public schools and Its careful prer.orvatlon as an omen of unwontod prosperity. The public learns without concern that a pro minent citizen, grown grey In the service, desist ed from an undertaking owing to the appearance Of a black cat lu his path. In the privacy of his own soul the reader may havo llkewlso looked upon this ancient embodiment of Satan, and fied. The fear of "thirteen," potent from the days of the Paschal Supper, caused much trepidation at a banquet In honour of a number of men notable for courage and rectitude. On the discovery that the failure of a guest to bo present left but thir teen to sit together about tho feBtal board, hur ried search brought forth a small, obscure per sonage to occupy tbe vacant chair, lest the prlnco of 11-luok, finding it vacant, should Invito himself to be present. "I myself do not believe In such things," com mented a matron of 40 years, "but at the same time I would have run no risks." Even the thoroughfares echo with suporBtltious questionings. On tlio evo of the new year two young women wore hastening along a crowded street, busily engaged in converaation. A yellow dog emerged from aome unknown quarter and trotted in front of them for a short distance. Suddenly he dash ed across their couruo, almost throwing ono of thorn to the pavement. "Oh, May," exclaimed her companion, "I'M SORRY FOR THAT. We'll have bad luck during tho new year." And they passed from view, apparently much de jected. One meets with remnants of ancient credulities In strange quarters. As a party of ladles woror being driven over a ra ther unfrequented road In ono of ths Southern States a small grey equirrcrl ran across in front of the vehicle. "Bad luck, now, sure, "called out the driver. When presently he drove over a small log extending Into the road and detached a wheel, he manifested neither surprise nor chagrin, but met his Iosb with tho air of one who was powerless to contond with adverse fortune. This was a survival of the old dread of hares passing in front of a travoller. Formerly it was oustomary to carry a tinkling boll to warn them lest thoy should approach. Thoy were supposed to be a vehicle of witches, and the ancient dame who was first mot after passing a hare was likely to be burned or hanged. V&rloun; allusions to this may bo found In the poote: — Nor did wo meet with nimble feet, One little fearful Lepus, That certain sign, as some divine, Of fortune bad to koep us; There are many SUPERSTITIONS REGARDING BIRDS, especlaliy among sailors. In the "Rime of tho Ancient Mariner" tho al batross is ho harbinger of good fortune: — And all averred I had killed the bird That made the breeze to blow; Ah, wretch!" sn'd they, 'the bird to slay That made the breezo-to blow!" While To see one raven Is lucky, 'tis true. But It's certain misfortune to light upon two. And meeting with three Is the devil. What number of staid, practical people have seen ghosts! Wherever a company is gathered for a social hour, lot but tho opportunity present Itself, and some one will A talc unfold To harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young bluod, Make thy two eyes start from their spheres. Thy knotted and combined locks to part. And each particular hair to stand on end. Like quills upon the fretful porcupine. Dignified men and women well up In the slopes, of life can recall listening with bated breath to stories told In "the quarters" In the evening, until the child eyes peopled '.be cobwebby corners and smoky rafters with homed terrors and beheld in every glimmer of tbe light of the blazing logs tbe "red eyes and fiery breath." That ecstasy of terror Is vivid after the lapse of years. At a very recent date in many parts It was a sign of bad luck for a hen to crow. Just why. It 1b difficult to trace; perhaps because It was considered the assumption by a female of mas culine prerogatives. Whenavsr a hen dared at tempt It she was immediately run down by the united efforts of all the children on the premises, and hor bead paid the forfeit. A recent traveller in Kentucky writes that while visiting at the country home of a friend a hen was heard to crow. Instantly the cry was raised, "Catch her! Kill her!" He Interposed In tho hen's behalf by reminding his hosts that tbls was an "ago of Tights," and she was therefore not guilty of any wrong-doing. They scoffed at Ills hetero doxy. and the clamour that fallowed prepared him for the return of the pursuers bearing the. bead of the foolish fowl. AMUSING EVIDENCES of the survival of superstition are met In the social circle. Some ladles who were devoting an afternoon to the paying of calls met In the house of a mutual acquaintance a lady whom they had purposed to visit- They told her of their design. "Ah, I might have known some one meant to call; my nose has been Itching all day," was tbe surprising response. Every community has Its wise sayings, its "'bad signs," and Its "doctor," who may be that usoful person a "water-witch," or have the co veted power of removing warts and corns by a look, or at most a touch. A young woman who went to a hack district to teach a summer school related with much en joyment her experience with one of these "doc tors." She was tho possessor of a most un sightly wart, and some sympathetic pupils sug gested that sho consult "Uncle Joe," who never failed to remove these appendages. Ono morning he happened to stop at the school grounds for water, and she was quickly Informed of his pro- sonce. Sho hastened to enlist his services. Ha glanced at ber hand; within a week the wart dls- , appeared. It would seem that, while the witches and their allies do not pursue their vocation with such ve hemence as la tho days of Tain O'Shanter, they are wont to break tboir trueo upon occasions and quicken tbe beating of many a heart. 