CORRESPONDENCE. IS. HE A IIUNTER? TO THE SPORTING EI)ITOtt OF TUB LEADER. Sir,— I regret to note the indignation ex pressed by Mr. Hubert Miller in bis letter pub. lislicd last Saturday, ns I bad no dcairo what ever to make a personal charge against him, n hen mentioning that Mournpool had not been eeen to jump a fence, I «poke solely from the exjKirience of eoveral gentlemen who wore out frequently during tho Benson, and beyond this I, of course, could not speak. If Mr. Miller himself declares that tho horse was hunted on Eticn anii sucb days, and jumped the fences encountered to his own view and knowledge, I should readily accept the truth of his remarks. I tender this explanation because I would not make a personal attack upon Mr. Miller or any other gentleman who has done so much to pro vide sport for tbe followers of the chose under cover of u Aam de plume. My object in writing was merely to veutilAto the question of tho qualification u hunted fairly " in the interests of hunting folk in general, nnd having intro duced the subject I shall take no further part in the debate.— Yours, kc... FAIR SPORT. iiu uciouer. Sir, — lie calls hunted fairly a horsa that has barely Uoett stripped for a trot within «!gbt of the hounds. a Mournpool tella his own and story. The ob jection is not that be is a thoroughbred. Don't Jet Mr. Hubert Miller make any error- about that. The real ground of objection is that Mournpool is not, and never was, a borsc that has been hunted fairly ; nnd tho inference, and not by any means an unnatural ono, is that he wan kept for a certain race for a certain pur pose. Tho market showed what tho followers of the stable thought they knew. Two to 1 on, o s and 10's tar one. .,u it doesn't matter what the public !n«V AYe get tack to tho same question — una the horse fairly hunted?" And might «» ? r MiUor what his iden of fairly hunted " may bo ? Surolv uot when a HJ80 !s ut to see the hounds at a diBtanco I Ahu Mournpool evor follow tho bounds, oven as far na be could? The evidenco of eye wit- aesBcs can prove that ho was aimplv like a ne glected child— out at nurse. Mr. Hubert Mil- «r alleges that on ono oocasion he tried to jump a stone wall and received an injury. ' Mr. Mfiler should understand that oven ho raimot treat with contempt such on allegation uas beon made against him, and that ovon he Y?. not permitted to bluff the racing public. u use of strong language, such as audacity KAi-;. lln!y"jenco, reminds mo of tho good old it®' i ho case— abuse the other side." tow nas Mr. Hubert Miller bad control orthe Fimlon Harriers that he should siiv, For many years I have welcomed ail." &c.;? I hat Monrnpool was never used as a bona fide hunter is beyond all question. Men who have regularly followed the Melbourne Hounds, as well as the Fitidon Harriers, agree upon one point at any rate, and that point is that Mourn pool was never pod as a hunter in the ordinary acceptation of the term. If ho was a bona fide hunter, why was he never ridden bvMr. Hubert Miller? and though he was only ridden by a hunt servant, how is it that he was never seen with or near the hounds while running? The allegation that he was driven in a buy is sheer nonsense. I have seen a Melbourne Cup favorite driven down Collins-street in a hnnsom cab, but that would hardlv make him a cab horse, and would scarcely qualify him as a hack. Might I not ask Mr. Albert Miller if he re- presontcd to . Mr. Dakiu that Mourned was " an infinitesimal quantity that might bo dis regarded, ' aud that he was a mere buggv horse aud hack ? And Is it true that ho subsequently apologised!© Mr. Dakin for inadvertently mis- Jading him with regard to the horse's capa bilities ? Wasn't Mournpool in everybody's muimi; u so, wny : Wasn't the master of the Findon Harriers backing him on the hill ? If so, why ? Isn't it a fact that Mr. Gnton was not informed of the name of his mount till he went to scale ? And again, if so, why ? If Mournpool is a hunter, why did he not start for the Melbourne Hunt Club Cup, where on paper he was thrown in ? Lastly, di<l I mistake my hearing when I -fancied I heard the acting master of the Mel bourne Hounds using language " within tho meaninor of the aet" vvhniv lUniminAnl romno in?— Yours truly, PASHA'S GHOST. ui>u weeouur. Sir,— -What a storm in a teacup, and wlmt a lot of writing about a thing that can be Betticd in six lines I All the master of the Findon Har riers has to do to smash up "Fair Sport," "Pasha's Ghoat" and the other nameless Nim- rods is to say" whon Mournpool was hunted and who rode him. Give it 'em hot; Mr. Miller ! I don t nMthi'fVtn t.llia fiRniivmniia nppttaftfiftn Imal. ncss. Give it 'em hot, I say, and get off the mark quick ami lively, like a characteristic Mill Parker. Tell us all about the facts and make these nameless traducers souinn.— Yours, kc.. harkaway: 