TREASURE TROVE. SHORT OUTS TO FORTUNE. That very suspicious story of the dls- land reminds tiie (writes An occasional correspondent) that during the past year or two there him grown up something the direction of hunting fir lost treasure! The people who huve developed the naze the most keenly are the .Ynieri- Mr Knight's trip to Trinidad Islet hi search of the bullion and jewellery sup posed to have been deposited there for nafety from the sank of Lima In Peru Is now a matter of history. More recently we have had on hand the search for the. treasure of the Lullne. which wept down In 1799 off the court of Holland with M.200.000 in gold and sliver bullion; ami lied Seas with the Intention"! 'picking up. If he may. the untold gold lost ulong Unit Immemorial trade rout.; from the and afterwards In the llJd S-". wealth worth ut tho very least LSOO.OoO.OOO. lie has the writer's very best wishes for A Long Island man In building just now a curious submnrhie vessel, with tho ocean In seareh treasure. Tin; ves sel will be eighty feet long. From a preliminary account ..f her w gather corny by means of heavy weights attach- ed to long wire cables e.mnrcied with drums at either end of the vessel. Hy the operation of these drums the vessel will In. drawn to the Ivotiom uf the sea. Punning fore and aft arc axles with with an electric motor. "In this way." we are told, "the ship will be transform ed into a vehicle. Sufllee It that the In ventor iM'lleves in It. and luis convinced himself, further, that by Its means he will become richer than the Yundcrhills In twelve months." He has a carefully prepared list of treimure ships lost slnre the days of Drake, and the latitude and longitude of the spots where they are supposed to rest beneath the waves. He will tlrst make a bee-line for L'Orleiii. which was sunk by Nelson nt the buttle of the Nile. She had a large amount of jewellery and plat, ami l.w.eoo In the wreck of the Do Prank, lost olT the Delaware In 17iO. with a great amount of Spanish specie aud bullion, tin tils list is also the Golden Onto, sunk off 1 (altera in the early ilft'os. ami simply lllled with gold from California. Only a few weeks ago we heard of the Ppanfsh doubloons, <Ud to have been that""" "f " Spa!ll!'1' Vl'as''1 " rtW<MUn lh« other to .« .! reli for pliat? 'treasure lt'-'ir «"t1 " V" 1"1""'1 '.'f <:ran'1 West'ln l!'" 5 it'oole the who retired to the ,|ul,.t ,uve» whlell abound between the Mosquito Count and South Florida, when they desired a rest This expedition was associated with tho pirate .lean l.atHte. who Is supposed to have secreted somewhere about the This man's name is a synonym for pir acy among the half-mllHon people who Inhabit those parts, .lust ask them. and they will point out a thousand things associated with him. and will call their grandfathers to Ml you enough grlslv not on !'f t|hlm l" "" a li,,0k Tll,'IV lS along the Gulf coast froni IVu'sacola a bayou, creek, bay. lagoon or crooked waterway In ail that country but bus Its dark tales of Lafltte nnd his hidden treasures He Is their greatest luro. Ills father was a Frenchman who eml- grated to the West. Indies, where he had possessions. Hut n negro revolution .drovt, tl„. family to NYw ork-ana. wla ri. the ami tank to smilBcllna. Tlu-it nc- ctlrrf-.l tliu ravolt aKt.lnst Spain. A itp- Tii? ii.?vSinK'ltl'l'lr! "',al"l"'',,rL: l-rfsfnti'tl in M|-\V Oi-laana by a ronim!,,- Plon.-r, I.'nn .lopa Maniit'l H.-rrrra. I.rom iiarrt-ra Lurittn olitain,.', tit. a litKiint- t'l""1 l'/."'! ,1'ov',nlur "f titular ami harrifil tl,!?1Sp.at!b,Tda\\!c,'in|naUy''|'l; tually on Iila u,vn .tfr aini.' it L' i'.'.'y",!,! out-allon that In, ,11,1 not .-mulm, Ilia at- '!" C'at Vaina'in 'hil/'way! will, till tivasttry? That la just w)„lt hit? " l "10 1"' '"'l""'rc J-'a" '""Itt'o thry Itttvo' llIu<fou"n(o'ftcMi'1 "viu',' hotkT t.iamn„) for thy i., „v,,ry of other ttv.i- tlmy !md duifup ."Sins ati'd co?rlo!! It away. From this every native knew LulUta'a liurloil troin'orok"" Jt'"" a row mlloo aotitli of llUox'anB"!)' tval periiajiK tiie fttvorlto resort ,.f Ijillttr. th' '"i"1 'lwu,ae t'lcri'; aU(1 t,lc frame of path /leads. through' timnYdento -the heneh. U|Min whleh a gate opetuHl nml.l a lit rnne ' t haVT me"? "'t U ver>' not dig under the old wcather-beaien story that ghosts of men dangling ftom roi»es and of men In the act of walking blindfolded Into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at thl.dreury spot. Hons of the Jsland.tnil ut Hiloxl. where the pirates frequently eunn\ A hint from any very old negro will set a lot of gold hunlcra to work vigorously. Just about the time when the ira- borhood'of theDeiYwanf Capes for the L5,0W.iyM) In Spanish gold said to havo gone down In that neighborhood In tho privateer Do Krnuk, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt, after tho same treasure, and need scarcely be said Mblc task to locate tt wreck In the shift ing sands that He off those Capes. A lit tle earlier In the year an expedition was lilted out at New York to search for the sterling— which undoubtedly went down time of tho revolutionary outbreak on Hell Gate In !»ng Island Sound. This States from the Delaware southward la the other nnm who formed the earlier generation of pirates. There Is probably tint an acre of ground south of the Cape that has not been dug on for sunken treasure. \W n-vet heard of more than and going" nbmg the heiL-li tlle'eaptafn found the end of a chest sticking out of the sand, lie took It aboard, and get ting safely away wont to Iiostou. The chest contained a quantity uf gold and silver-plate. Jewelled arms, and -some money, supposed to huve U-lonpvd to 7) radish Ten. Kldd's llrst mate, who es- raped when the captain was taken. The ship Is asetlhod to Ten seem very In- No fewer limn three several searches were made last yenr for the treasure the Gulf of Florida, i.y an old miserly ex-mlm-r. named Nicholson. It was nt tirst thought, we are ton, that Nlchol- wolf from the door. Hut one day a visitor surprised him ns he was bending were ten and twenty dolla- pieces enough to till the rude table on which they were plied, besides many '-slugs," hlml him. ' But' whaT\lb"u full of gold ? The fortune-hunters rush ed in by the dozen; searched everywhere about the hut nnd Its vicinity; turned tip every sod in the garden, and then plouuti'd Hi- sands of the shore alt round the Island. One of the men who last year endeavored to locate the bul lion took a divining rod with him. Ho 