CONGREGATIONAL UNION. 'THE ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission were continued on Wednesday jit the Stow guild room, when there - was a large, attendance.- The opening devotional service was led by the Rev. F. W. Cox. The Rev. W. Penry Jones (chair man) took charge,- of the council meeting, -which commenced at 11 o'clock. It was resolved that fraternal greetings be sent to the Congregational Union, of West Australia, which commences its session next week.- ' Dr. Jeffehis read a paper on "The organic union of our churches." He said at the present time Congregationalism did not appear to bo iir harmony with the spirit of the age. This might or might not be a matter for congratula tion. Even in • democratic Australia : the church which gave most power to its clergy was generally the most popular. Fifty years ago Congregationalism seemed to wcild_ a greater power than at present; then individualism, was the dominant note of society, now organisation , was the_ greatest force.. The true philosophy of Christian life did. not lie with either individualism or, col lectivism—it was' the' golden mean which utilised the best ,forces of -both. The New Testament -did not enforce or -teach any specific form of church government; the Early Church was a great brotherhood, and it was democratic, but not it was " cribbed, cabined, or confined." The various Christian churches of to-day comprised four classes—Autocracy, •; Episcopacy, Presbyterianism, and Congrega-. tionalism. He held that Congregationalism needed to advance in the direction of organisa tion. The cardinal principle of their policy Was—1. That every self-supporting fellowship of Christian was a church- of - the/Living: God, 2. That tho'Now Testament was" the sole.text book of Christian teaching. :; 3. , That every church has the right to determine its own. members and to elect its owrt: minister, arid 4\. That every church should administer its own discipline. . These principles did not hinder ] the separate churches from entering : into: union with others, , There, should be a, brother- ] hood of churches just as there was of Christian: souls. The union that already existed had given evidence of power aud ; had assisted in bringing about some , valuable reforms in'State and Church and had been influential in .the overthrow of abuses. / Combination was re quired for the work at home, and "was more emphatically necessary.for fthe mission: work in heathen lands. In. matters, of education they also needed united action. Why should they be compelled; to send their children to the schools of • other "denominations 1 They had not yet founded a Congregational college. This should have been done 50 - years ; ago. .They ought also to have ■ a training • college for ^ . ministers. The duty of making suitable provision for tho maintenance of the aged ministers could only .be adequately discharged by means:of/ organic union.; 'He pleaded for a federal union of their churches, whiclxshould be created by enlarging the functions of the present Union; By this; means local interest would remain tintouehed, while the general interest of the denomination would be secured. When they got this unity there would bo no polity in Christendom so ' much in harmony with the 'spirit of the age as tho Congrogational Union. Only once in history had Congregationalism had the oppor tunity of doing anything on a large scale, and on that occasion it made New England and moulded tho religious life of tho United States. / The Rev. J. • C." Kiiiby said lie was not a strong advocate of cohesive union. . There was such a thing as idolatry of numbers. : He thought that nobody, had wielded _a ; greater power in moulding the political institutions of the Australian colonies than their own church:. He was of opinion that Dr. Jefferis's proposi-. tions would lead 'them in the direction of Presbyterianism. There might be some disad vantage connected with the present system, but if they would have: freedom they must pay the cost and undertake the . liabilities of freedom. The Rev. T. Hope spoke in terms of. appre ciation of the paper read by Dr. Jeffcris.. Tho Rev. J. Robeutson thought that while they stood for freedom it might be necessary to sacrifice some amount of freedom for the sake of enlarging their power of exercising the freedom which was left them. The Rev.' J. ; CliAPiJAX, of Port Pirie, was disappointed that no scheme had been evolved for coasuniating the union advocated., The Rev. ti. Rayneb said there was a danger in connection with training ministers of edu cating therii beyoncl . their brains. It was quite as possible to over-develop tho mind as'it was to over-develop the body. He was of opinion that] there was too great a desire to get into harmony- with" tlie tendencies :of the, age. Almost every department of human progress owed its greatest victories to men and societies who have opposed .the tendencies of their own age. " The Rev. J. W. Pratt said tliey had heard a great deal about liberty—he wanted to know where it was and what was being done with it? He would rather see a church pf DOO.mem ber3 who were intellectually strong than one of 50,000 members who were intellectual cowards. There'was too . much talk about what the fathers had done for them; it was time they let the fathers go and thought: for themselves. He urged that every man who stood up in a ; Congregational: pulpit should be -. free, to teach what ■ his • heart, - conscience, and intellect- told him was The- truth; They should stand • fur- science and intellectual depth. . .. . . 'The Rev. P. "W. Cox also spoke. Dr. Jei-'FEMS, who was cordially thanked for his papor, said in. reply that the intellec tual freedom for which Mr. Piatt had con tended should: be extended to the layman as well as the ministers. It would bo monstrous if. they allowed ministers to teach doctrines that their congregations dissented from. He I'wanted to say . to Mr. Kirby that his speech had led bim to'the conclusion that lie was ah anti-federalist both in Church and State. He had not advocated colieaivo: lurisdictiou. The sole aim of his paper had been to appeal for a combination which, would secure and not sacri fice liberty. At-tile" afternoon session the Rev. W. P. Jones again presided. The Rev. J. Lloyd, president-elect, thanked the Union in a graceful speech for the honor they had conferred on liim in appointing him to the ofiicei The Rev...3: Lenton contributed a paper on \- ."Public worship." . He said the term worship camo to themfrom the past-Ioaded with a sense of cruelty and intolerance, as well as with some of the holiest aspirations of the human heart. Worship was not merely praise and fellowship,.but consisted of the spirit which niade prayer and praise liolv. Often it was silent in its highest form. There was a form of worship winch all offered to some- object or being; but the worship of which he spoke was the . adoration of the spirit centred on the Living God, and was a. duty and sometimes Ta delight. He deprecated the flippant, irreverent way in which some people conducted them-, selves in church before and.after the service. The present trend was towards the liuman element in worship; but he objected to the use of such terms as sky piloting"; and " other worldliness." There was a tendency to be content rf the public worship satisfied | liumaii needs, and they were confronted with the danger tnat their services should become little .-"more than entertainments. He held that they might learn some valuable lesson's .from the Anglican Church in the matter ofy worship. There a more reverent spirit pervaded the service than was found in their own church. The Rev.: G. Raynee thought • that the paper cast an aspersion- on Congregational worship. He held that it was a healthy sign that there was a tendency to go into the presence of God in a perfectly natural manner. Dr. Jefferis, the Rev. T, Kite, the. Rev. C. Manthorpe, and others' took part in the dis cussion. :r Mr. Lijnton wa3 warmly, thanked, and in reply said he had no intention or desire to cast any aspersion on their own services.' Mr. J. J. "Virgo introduced a discussion on "The perils and safeguards of youth." He regarded the perita as consisting of a super cilious apathy to' spiritual things which was indicated in persistent absence from public worship. There was also the peril which at ! tended reading when unhealthy literature was resorted to; ' then followed scepticism, and this was especially deadly when it was intro duced into popular religious instruction. ■■ One painful element of peril was the patrolling of the streets late at night by young girls and boys. Although the public conscience was being : awakened : in' regard to the sub ject of gambling, this still formed one of the most deadly perils to the 3'oung. Turniug to the safeguards of youth the speaker considered that these could be best secured by proper parental training, by suitable efforts on the part of the church, by efficient .Sunday school teaching, by united action on'the part of religious organisations for the suppression of the means which make some of the perils possible. He deprecated going to the Govern ment with petitions which they knew would not be acceeded to. But he could see no reason why the Church of Jesus Christ should not unite in such' power aB to enforce their de mands. ' A discussion followed and Mr. Virgo was thanked for his paper. . PUBLIC MEETING. There was a large attendance at the Stow Church on the occasion of the evening session. •The chairman of the Union presided, and the meeting was devoted to short speeches. After the annual report had been read by the Rev. T. Hope, the Rev. G. Rayneu spoke on " Con gregationalism." He said although they were all agreed that there ought to be continual progress, they were confronted" by people who told them that the denomination was losing ground, power, and acumen... The ques tion naturally arose, how was the best progress to bo obtained? Some there were who told them they needed to organise more .efficiently. Others bade them look for loyally endowed men —men who could manipulate the machinery they already possessed to _ the best advantage. Another class of ' critics taught, thatali the difficulties arose fromtheelassdistinctiousof the rich and poor—the lettered and the unlearned. He. deprecated classsgrQiudice. HeJield-thafc a noble man was of more value than anoble poem or picture^ no matter to what class he belonged. He thought that the supreme need of the church was the baptism of the Holy j Ghost. He did not mean by this a mere. | ripple, hut an abiding flood. They -must not be blinded to the fact that men may be taken up and swept forward by the mighty energy of ; the: spirit of ' God. The Holy • Spirit was able to fill every member of every j church ;> connectedwith the denomination. If they had a spacious, magnificent nature filled with the Holy- Ghost there would be splendid results.'1 A poet cannot .inspire hiru j self, ^e sometimes waits helplessly for hours,1 days, maybe months, but by-and-by the afflatus , descends upon him,; and while satii-; rated with it he peus_ golden lines'which be-! come the joy of a nation. The Christian man was equally helpless until the energy of God filled him with Divine passion. He held that hot only did they require progress in the church, but thev wanted joy. There was too much pessimism at present. They had many species • of it. There was the pessimism of Prometheus chained to his roek and that of the'modern connoisseur cutting the pages of his'catalogue. This should be displaced by the joy that the indwelling presence of the Spirit would give. The Eev. J. RoBERTSON'dealt with the power of sentiment. He said that the church and the world owed_ more - than could be estimated to the formative power of: a .sentiment. ' John Ruskin had spoken eloquently of this power, and Macaulay had made this the motive impel ling the heroes of his great poem" The Defence of theBridge." Those three noble men were held to their Iieroio conduct by the sentiment they cherished concerning the "ashes of their fathers and tlietemplesof their gods." He was glad that - public sentiment was being awakened to the importance of good citizenship. The Church was. the. best safeguard of - the - home and the State. Filial affection and love of country depended upon devotion to God, and : could only be en sured and regulated in correct proportion by fidelity, to that devotion. He held that they were in the habit of spending proportions of their incomes on enjoyment and indulgence, altogether; out of proportion, to- the amount they spent on the Church of God,-- He wanted, if possible, to stimulate their zeal for" tho church, and ' country, ' and. . home. - The 'old time hero;had 'asked, ' 'How can a man; die better than facing fharful odds for the ashes of his fathers and the temples of his gods." But he wanted to ask how can a man live better than by devoting: himself to God, and man, and country. During the evening Mr.' Doley sang '.'Com fort ye": (Handel); Miss J. Symo, "Eternal rest*' (Piccolomine), ,and Miss Gluyas took the solo parts in the anthem "Who dwelleth be neath the shadow of the Almighty" (Martin). The chorus " Tho glory of the Lord'' (Handel), was rendered by the choir, the ■ singing throughout being splendid.'. Mr. Shakespeare presided: at tho -organ, displaying his cus tomary artistic taste.r ■ 