PERSONAL AND POLITICAL. Things must bo looking up in Batliursfc whoro tlio demand for income tax papers exceeded the supply. This ig another reason why Bathurst should bo tho federal capital. Cardinal Moran is very ennguino that Sydnoy shall be selected as tho site of tho federal capital. Wellington Haynes, M.P., amused a big audienco in Castlareagh-atreot, Sydney, on Saturday night by hia ready repartee and olover mimics. Ho said Sydney should be tho federal capital, because it was sanctiflod by the blood of tho first inhabitants. So was Wellington and Pinoh Gut for tho matter of tliat. Ho was a wild-eyed politican from the back blocks with unkempt hair, bashed straw lmt, and stablo broom board, tie confidentially whispered that ho was keeping his federal candidaturo quiet, for a day ov two, as he thought ho would bo invited to join tho " prudential " and " patriotic " bunch. " Don't bo suvprisod," ho said, " if X am returned. I think I can beat Barton anyway." There is an uneasy feeling in ministerial oirolos that Mr. Roid will not be among tho first five of tho ton aolected for tha convention. Tho income tax returns havo 'tormented the electors at a critioal moment, Tha premier too, displays an unwilling ness to throwing himself vigorously into tho cam paign. The question now is had Butlor an accomplice in Australia? Ho displayed an anxiety to obtain .a signal "yes " or " 110 " from the pilot. Ho was on very, confidential terms with a young woman at Nowcastlo, who had plenty of money. Was this j blood money and was Bhe the banker? She myster iously disappear© 1 and Butler when arrested had ouly two sovs. in his possession. What became of the fow hundred pounds possessed by Burgess ? Threo weeks beforo any cry was raised in connec tion with tho disappearance of Leo Weller a metro politan newspapor published a paragraph stating that a " greater than Dooming was in business in Now South Wales." The writer evidently know something, or elso made a wonderfully oorrect hit by accident. The point is who supplied thai para graph ? Tho labor candid ites aro very much perturbed, over the cardinal's candidaturo. Tho poll will be immeasurably heavier especially in the country eiectorates, which do not pin much faith in I ho pro gramme of the solidarities. Thi} safety of tho solid arities is in an cxolusivo campaign, that is one con fined to the metropolis, Broken Hill, and Newcastle. Those who vote for tho cardinal are not likely to oast many votes among tho labor bunch. The cardinal it must bo remembered has declared him. solf ogainst tho " mere experimentalist" and tho j " wild theorist." The labor bunch are being placarded as the mouth pieces of democracy. Evidently the " loud mouth pieces" is meant. Saino people do iinagiuo they havo a wonderful mission in this world. Butler says ho is coriG lent he can prove his inno cence when he reaches Atmralia. The ghosts of his victims will have to enter the witness box and swear him guiltless before the public will change qheir opinion. A telegram from Narrabri to tho morning press says that Dan O'Connor's fedora! speech was tho must brilliant address over delivorod in tho district." Now did Daniel dictate that telegram? Ex-Mayor Lees of Sydney is back from a tour of liio world. He was fortunate to witness two great OVMI'.S-tho arrival of tho C'/M' in Paris and tho election of MeKinley to tho Pfuaidcnoy nf the United States. Mr. Lees saw London for the first tiiuo and was amaze ! at the vustiiuss of the world's metro I'ulis. 