PUBLIC OPINION. THE INDUSTRIAL CLASSES. (To the Editor). Sir, — Tho socialists who assembled in Sydney prior to the last election to formulate the planks of the lubour party exhibited very poor foresight as to the result of many of the Items when passed mio law. -ine genuine labour classes of the colony wanted no such excessive or unreasonable taxation as Income or land, which, as was supposed by the framers, would cause the capitalist, land owner and commercial men to dis gorge some of their surplus means. That the narrow-minded socialistic ac tion lias been counteracted is quite plain, inasmuch us the payment of both falls upon tho working classes, who wanted neither. II was. and is. simply the desire of the genuine working classes that the labour party should throw in their whole support in estab lishing the policy of protection, which would provide them with work. There are plenty of spirited and speculative men who would open their purses to start and build up Industries, which would provide us with plenty of work and satisfactory wages, if our State management would provide such oppor tunity. The class of workers above re ferred to do not want the State to find them work, and regard It as unfair and Improper that it should do so, and if properly and honestly managed there would be no necessity for such a thing. It requires no great philosophy to find a remedy for the present de pression existing amongst our working classes, nnd the remedy should be at once adopted, viz., tiiat on the assembl ing of- Parliament Mr. Lyne bring for ward a motion condemning the exist- ing policy. in suggesting tills step i. may also suggest to the labour party that tlielr whole support of this motion : Is tho only means by which tliey will i obtain public absolution for their many ' political sins during the lust IS months. I I have been a working man in this colony for the past 20 years, and was always fairly successful till 1895, when work became intermittent and wages j Iluctualed; but during 1S96 I Ira- j veiled south, west and north of the ; colony, and only secured one month's i work during the year. The wages for the month's work I will not mention. 1 scorned to present myself at the La bour Bureau, or join a gang for the Bogan scrub. I want work, but not from tho charitable funds of the State. I would lay my body out anil give up the. ghost in one of the lonely gullies of the bush sooiier thun accept such work. If you will give tills space I shall feel obliged; it represents the opinions of hundreds of genuine poor workmen I have met In my travels. — lours, &e.;, a swag man. The camp. Orange Common. 