3UisccUimeau5. A cow belonging to Mr. Robert Adam, fanner of Lima, near Benalln, met with a singular denth. Shortly after being turned oat of the milking yard, tho animal gave a loud bellow, And immediately foil dead. Mr. Adam cut the beast open, and after a abort examination dUcorercd a lady's hat-ptni about 8 in. long, located in the region of the heart. Tho pin had evidently been swallowed, as the hood was insido the paunch. His cows nro in the habit of being fed on greenstuff every day by his daughter, and Mr Adam concludes that in depositing the fodder in the Btalls tho pin must have fnllen from a hat. The gold produced in tho Temora district last year totalled 40CGoz 15dwt 13jr, tho value of which was £16,094 Hi 8d. News from Normanlon to tho offoct that John Forbes, a drover, in cliarge of 14,000 shoop, whilst travelling between the Flinders Rivrraifd Eastern Creek, was lost in tho busb, and whilst searching for water, died from thirst, together with tho whole of tho Bhoep. Tho latter were the property of Mr. William Allen, of Now South Wales. William Martin, the deceased man's mate, had been sent to ntarch for water, and found it, but was not able to get Wck in time to Forbes, who subsisted on sheep's blood until ho perished. Two recent Supreme Court decisions con firm tho opinion so often oxprcsscd here, that a light ing rate could not bo enforced upon a ratepayer unless there was a light within a reasonable dis tance of his residence. The Ursulino Convent, Quoboo, was com pletely destroyed by fire, and seven nuns lost their fives. The Indian bubonic plague is spreading, and assumed a moat virulent form in the western province of Bombay. Tho mills in which natives were largely employed are dosing down. The city of Bombay is in a state of panic, and 345,000 of its inhabitants have fled to tho coun try districts. Dr. Nansen, the chief physician of the native hospital at Bombay, is among the A stamp dealer in Victoria has confessed to cleaning used postage stamps with citric acid and trading them off again on the Government us new. Mr. Harry Muigrove, who managed tho recent tour of the Australian cricketers, tolls tho Argus that Arthur Roberts, the leading light of the Xxmdon music-hall stage, has talked about coming to Australia, but need hardly bo expected. He was very anxious that tho Australian Eleven should play a mitch against a theatrical eleven before they started their regular season. Tho ' lion comiquo ' possesses a trick bat, which ho finds very useful for theatrical cricket matches, because it is about twioo the size of an ordinary bat, and has a stage strap in front, which admits tho ball when it strikes tho spot into a conveni ent inner receptacle, bo that tho ingenious player con run his century all off at once, if the other playen do not club him before it is finished. Mr. Musjjrovtt was obliged regretfully to decline tho promising fixture proposed by Mr. Roberta. Jack M'Elhone, when the Savings Bank Amalgamation Bill was in Committee, asked the Chairman to gaze on the physiognomies of legis lators, and to point out which of them he would trust with tha management of a banking insti tution holding millions of money. The Chair Stated that an English firm has been fined £10,000—' sub-rosa '-in one feU swoop for deceiving tho L T. Commissioners. Tho firm was exposed by a sacked accountant. The most expensive sacking over purchased. Tho Salvation Army has 11,200 brass bands in different parts of tho world. A female elector in the Pahiatua (N.Z.) elec toral roll describes herself as a ' farmer's drudge.' The first Australian gallows were erected almost on the spot whore St. James' Church fiUnds in King-street, Sydney. It is stated that tho wifo of banker Phillips, murdered at Carcoar by tha epileptic maniac Glasson, has been partially insane over sinco tho event. Her delusion is that she sees the terrible tragedy being enacted over and over again. General regret will bo felt over this painful development. Mrs. Muhlhsra, a widow, residing at Kemng, was bitten by a snake, which she was endeavor ing to kill, and she died somo hours afterwards. lAdy Scott, John Cockorton, and Aylott havo pleaded guilty to a chargo of publishing a de famatory libel concerning Earl Russell. Owing to tho caution of the Cape authorities, and the apathy of Groat Britain, says Mr. Rhodes, a vast territory would have passed to foreigners but for the formation of tho Chartered Company. Tho members of the boat's crew from the Taupo who boarded the bark Swanitilda have recognised the portrait of Butter a* that of one of tho men tbo- saw on board. The Coolgnrdio water scheme is tho biggest thing of its kind in tho world, and will coat tho Government £2,500,000. Every public school in Paris has now its own canteen, where meals are norved at Id a head to those who can pay, and free to tboso who can not. Tho new Bishop of London (says tho Daily Neics) has a keen sense of humour. During a confirmation tour of tho diocese of Peterborough Dr. Crcighton put up one evening in an old manor house, and slept in a room supposed to be haunted. Next morning, at breakfast, the Bishop was asked whether ho had seen tho ghost. ** Yes,' he replied with great solemnity, ' but I have laid tho spirit ; it will never trouble you again.' On being further interrogated as to what he hod dono, the Bishop said—' Tho ghost instantly vanished whim I asked for a sub scription towards tho restoration of the Peter borough Cathedral.' Oscar Wilde is reduced to a state of tho utmost weakness. He is subject to the most rigid prison discipline, being governed by tho silent rim. For merely turning his head to see person next to him ho has sovontl times boon mado to sleep on the baro floor. His sentenco has only six more months to run. Mm. Wildojs to rejoin her husband at tho expiration of his imprisonment. Thoy will probably retire to some obscure continoutnl town. The late Lord Chiet Justice of En 'Li ml used to tell his friends this anecdoto at his own ex pense : Driving in his coupe towards his court one morning, an accident happened to it at Grosvenor Square. Fearing ho would bo belated be colled a cab from tho street rank, and bade the jehu drivo him as rapidly as possible to tho Courts of Justice ' And where aro thev t' ' What, a London cabby, and don't kn.,wr where the Law Courts aro at old Turanlo Bar 7' ?? Oh, the Law Courts, is it ? But you said Courts ' Do you know that pearls get ill 7' said a y?1WLn-V.rn J°*oller '^'Uy. ' They do. and, like children, they require a change of climate vhon their health is bad, or eke they oramblo and die. I know of a case once whom a Lidv wentlntoajeweller'switha magnificent set uf pearls that were losing their luitro and bein nip? to look dead. ** Thoso pearls are Rick ' said the jeweller upon examining them, ' and unless you take or send them to a decidedly different climnto at once they will become worth Jess.' TbBy were sent off, and within a month woro as bright and pretty again as they liod over been.' Archhlthop Garr, when railway travelling down GippjUnd (\ ic) on one occasion, hod an old digger for a companion. The latter was ' Anxious for a chat, and to train his object ho fixed tho Archbishop with, ' Can yez tell mo to settle a bet for drinks, sor, how old the divil is 1' «k My friend,' replied the Archbishop, with a merry twinkle in bin oye, 'you stojld keep your own family record.' ^ 