CFROH OUR CORRESPONDENT. ) Sunday, 8th August. Music IN- THE PAKK.-Owing jto the in clemency of the weather this afternoon the Borough Band could not give its advertised numbers. After rendering two il limbers the rain descended, and those in attendance had to make ft hasty retreat. I TEA AND CONCERT.-At the ^"resbyterian Church on Wednesday evening a tjea.'and con-' cert will be held in aid of the Sunday school. A good programme lias been prepared. A "GHOST" AT CALIFORNIA GUI.I.V.-Like the " Ta-lanoola tiger" which used to! turn up at most, unexpected places and times! the report oflA ghost having baen-seen in any locality generally produces a crop of the^e nocturnal terrors in other parts. A fully equipped ghost is reported to be carrying on operations at California Gully. It ..is signilicant that the "Tantanoolaliaef'! also was alleged to have appeared in tliis quarter, and the then guardian of the pcace an exciting hunt, discovered him of a large dog. The " ghost," howuver, has Hp peared in more tangible form, ported^ to -be about sis feet high, white. Several fenV-UeS-have beci; by this individual, who is supposed there, after n the shape He" is re ajid' clad;inT frightened to be a mad Chinanrin who carries a gun. Th(: police and others have been making inquiries, and itris-to be hoped the offender will be captured at' his: senseless performances. TuesffayO,P^h'-AugusK.' :.' SELK-MADJ', MES^'fr'Tho,.Kiy. W. Bettiss lectured to-night in the Bible Christian Church to alair audience. The subject,! " Self-made Men," was ably treated by.'ifro reverend gentle man, who took the fullest .advajitage of the subject. , Cr. F. Clark was in. the chair. The Rev. W*. H. Pattinson at the conclusion moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer and a similar, compliment-was paid the ehairmanJ The choir, under Mr. -T. Haibert's direction, rendered some. nice musical items. . L ' ..toLibR" COURT.- Mpss'rs., .M.. Thomas; "F. Clark and , .T. M'Kenzie,. Js.P. adjudicate! this morning., Mbunted-qonstaifyvMyers summoned ^ames JuU- Namara on the .'charge ;of| cutting live .t'hnber on Crojvn lands at ilyerel Creek. A fine of lOs'was imposed, v/ith .2a casts. Pierce Hatton, for a like offence, 'wai fiticjl 5s. Donald Henderson was charged with-being drunk and -behaving-' in' an, 'indecent' inanjicrt Constable jl'Clcllarid giivp evidence, an'i^qfondant was fined.as in each case. 