trim mwa. [(From the: Home Papers, j English Wars in Ireland. ^"SpBtfcBnj the English historian,' hn s described "the "English methbd'bf war ihltoland. JSe was an eye-witneBS 'of'the measures pursued* by' his mas ter and p&t;'fotf, Iiotd Gtey de Wil ' ton; to'Bidbdue Mdnstier, in 1580. " By ttiifc "tfiethbd' a 1 iho'st pbptilbtis aiid plentiful country, "he sa^B, spe&k; itig of the difficiilties of the English i<&ve;'thnife'nt for1 satisfying the1'English " arihy tor their Ser^ichs, " Was' suddenly lift' vbid of inan! "and bebst, bb' that' (to tifce'the'language of'the' Irish afifcialists) th'elbWing of a cow* nor the voice*of a hefdihian watf not heard from Diin iq(hih;'ih0Kerry; to' Ciehel, in'Mutator.4' "It-cbnsifeted," again sayb Speriber,1 in his "Viewof the State rif Ireland (1596)," "in sO placing garrisons so as to confine the Irish to,some narrow fastnesses. The English then' destroyed the cattle-and growing crops in the neighborhood, and rbtabvedawayor spoiled all those that bbrdefed oni those pirts,: that the eriethiy i might find no succour-; and the Irish being closely} penned up, and their cattle prevented from running abroad, they were soon consumed and the, people starved." '' In one year and a half;" again says this English author, " they were'brought' to strch wretchedness as taiiyTstony heart wbuld have rued the sight. Out of every corner, of the woods and glynns they came forth on their hands, for"their legs could not bear them —-11167 looked like anatomies of death, and spioke 'like ghosts out of the grave ; they flocked to a ■ plot of watercresses &b; to a feast, though it- afforded them staall nourishment, and ate dead carrion, happy when they could find it, and soon after scraped the very carcasses out of the grave." Yet this gentle poet only describes this warfare, and all its hor rors, in order, to recommend it for adoption by the.Earlof Essex in the war then on foot+agaSfflst Heigh O'Neil, Earl of Tyrone. And though Essex did not carry out this ruthless plan, Lord Mountjoy, who superseded him did, burning the houses and destroying the corn and cattle, till the dead lay unburied in the fields in thousands. Car rion and corpses became the food of the survivors; and, more horrible still, chil dren were killed and eaten, and the poor wretches who killed them were tried and hanged for it by those that drove theM to such horrors. Archbishop UsSher, who was ordained on the very day! that Tyrone's war was ended by thb defeat of the Irish and ' Spaniards at Ttinsale, and, therefore, speaks of what was within his knowledge, relates how women were known to lie in wait, and to rush out like famished wolves, upon a rider, to drag him from his saddle and to seize and devour the horse. The war in Ire land in 1650 was of the same nature ; but the resistance was more general. The process, consequently, was longer; the methods were the same. It may seem strange to hear counted as military weapons issued to the soldiers, among swords, .powder and shot, 'eighteen dozens 6f -'scythes, land forty reaper hooks." '-With'- th'fese the "English sol diers cut down the growing crop, in order to starve the Irish into submission. The following letter of the Commissioners for Ireland to the Eng : Iish' Pariiaineht thUs describes the actions of the English in destroying the crops i— " Dublin, Jhly ' l, 1660.—Last Monday . Codon^l Hewson, < with a considerable body from, bejnee, 'marched into Wicklow. "Cqlonei ^e^oh doth nOtv intend to make "hsi'bf th'e "fccytKeB atad sickles that were mm bver; -Wfibh fthich they- intend to out . dofrni the' cuhf > ; growing in those parts : which: the • enemy .is to live upon in the wintertime, and thereby,, for want of bread and battle, they may be left desti ' tdte of provisions, and W - forced ^to shb mifc'atid -quit thtse'places.'' 1 Nbtless 'strange'is it to hear of-the Bible (the DtoteBtant version) being served outofstore, with theirother ammunition, ] to the army^; "yet they had no bloodier implement," says the historian PrCnder gast, " in' all thbiraraeriAl" of war." By ' Adecree'iBSUed at Dtiblin, August3; 1652, 'it'tawordered,; " that the: Governor of BhblindojgiVe -warrant to thecommissary of'the >.stores . in . Dublin to issue t^e Bibles,now in' the stores to the several cdtbpameS of fbote and troopCB of hbtse "wffhih ^the' said pirteciht1 of; -Dublin', ■ Ac ^^difig'tb-iritater^—ithafc'is'toiBayione Bible to every file ; and 'that the ;6feveral commissaries < of < the musters within -the 8dd'pre(mct h°ave'6r3fer to" every muster to Bee the fluid*Bibles accounted for by the officer so " commanding the said troope or company; and when they find the said Bibles to be wanting upon mus ters as aforesaid, to certify the same to :tHef/(&Vefhbr; arid comriiissaiies of 'the reveriueiiithe respective' pfeciricts, that 'deffdcationrmhy be- mtule of the B&id; troopes or company's pay for such Bibles' .as are. wanting." In a similar order issued at Dragheda, .we' find 'the following "yovi are desired forthwith to deliver out ; ofs theritor'esone hundred1 BihleS1 to ' Mir. Rbbert Clarke,tObe'by him disposed of -for-, the-userof the forces and others' as may bee for the. propagation of the Ops pell within the precinct of Galway as hee shall dfeb carise.'' 