ORIGINAL STORY. MARY. (Continued.) [ B y “ G£.b n6bchy.”] [ Written for the Tasmanian Notes J' ut Then, p'raps a rabbit Y says Jarvis. “ not but what that would be hard on the squatters, wire rabbit-proof fences is well enough for live rabbits, but for the ghosts of rabbits they’d have to get mosqnito net.' “ ‘ Young man,' eajs the old fellow, 'd o n 't joke.' " 'W e wouldn't d o it for the world,' says Jarvis. / " Well,* says the old chap, -whispering low, 'th a t hut is harnted witb a ■corponion, a triaotulator, and a gbrate big ihnake.' " H o’iifmt the full brogue on then, mother, I oau tell you, aod Jarvis and me, we laughs and goes for a gallop, but by crikes it was a lark." "T h at must be the old man worken for Macleren," said old DooIbd, his low timid voice scarcely breaking the silence. He was a .gentle, subdued, little man, who lived in awe of hia wife, accounting himself as much beneath her in the way of education as a new boy might regard himself as beneath bis m aster; for Doolan could not reed, and the loss had plaoed him at a disadvantage with his fellow creatures. A t toe mention of Macleren's name oey a ll glanced meaningly at Mery, aod enny went so far a i to wink at his other, an action to which she replied y a majestic updrawing of her heed, nda look of reproof, which made even he intrepid Denny lower his eyes. "Y es, it must be the same,1* she said, tooob of her recent grandeur in her one. " Maclaren give him a hut and & it of land, so Oive beard " •‘ Well, I'm eo rry for him and tbat'e ll. It's too hot to sit here any onger," said Mary, gettiog up sudenly, " it’s Christmas weather." * Well, Christmas ain't far off," said enny." “ Six weeks." More time was spent washing up the deep blue ebina ana placing it upon the shelves, designed and elaborated by Mrs Doolan and Dennis. Tbev were e rre d shelves, wider in the middle than a t the ends, and American cloth cht in points depended from tbeih. The wide fireplace bad alio been ah object upon which this pair, with their gleamings of arti&tie; notions, had expended their imagination. The board which formed the shelf was papered with a roselattemed paper, the edge being cut in leep soallops, each eca'lop containing a ose. The walls were washed a curious blue : olor oontrived by Dennis from a bucket f lime and a fig of blue. Small muelin urtains, held hack with glu ed calico ands, hung from the windows; the floor aa hardened earth whitewashed and verlaid with fibre mattiDg. As a rule this rhom represented to ennis and bis mother a triumph and an nending satisfaction. At lest the place as " tidied," the hearth swept up, the shes flong over the glowing logs, and Mary was free to run away into her tiny bedroom, where in snmmer, when the bagging was uatacked; viefts of grern frAas and trees bould be plainly seen hrough the wide slabs. She dressed hurriedly, her face flushing beoomiogly in her haste, and seeing her mother and Dennis engaged in feeding the pigs a t the back of the house, she slipped softly past her sleeping father out of the hot room into toe fragrant air without. aThe exquisite odours of a mid-summer’s night were in the air, there was rerio from the trees, the soent which the earth gives up when the dew has touched it, jasmine from a vine over the cottage, d a Woody perfome from some wild flowers eloie at hand, while the moonlight Clear and fall obliterated all defects. This mysterious spirit of beanly unconsciously touched her, she felt joyous, nd hope rose again brightly—she could Scarcely keep her feet from dancing, as she flew along the narrow foot- worn ath. Soon after her departure a buggy' topped at the white gate, and Mr Maclaren slowly descended—fat and lderly, it was no easy matter. Dennis, oming in from the pig-feeding saw him ad hastened out to assist him, b ut the ffer to help, the sight of the strong oung arm angered and irritated the lderly lover. " Is your mother in P" he said brusquely, " I have oome to see her." Dennis did not reply ; for his mother, haying due regard to the dignity of her visitor, was standing at the door to eceive him. " Oi’m glad to see you, s ir ; it’s a ovely noight, isn't it P" H er dignity was preternatural, and her one was appropriately sad, but the espect, which her quick, Irish tact inused into her manner, soothed his ounded pride. " I wish to speak to you alone, Mrs oolan." This was intended as a rebuke to the fficious Dennis, but the object of his rath was already grooming bis horse n the small stable, and whistling "T h e aird o' Cockpen " to himself. “ I have oome, madam," he began jly, " to ask for a definite reply ▼onr d aughter; a week has now lapsed since I expressed my wishes on o il ■abject.'' “ Indade an’ it's thrue, 6ir, but young irls will be young girls, and the houghts of leaving her father an* me its over Mary. Ye'll be afther havin' atienoe with the child, sir." M rs Doolan leaned forward and said he last words in a soft tone, whieh she endered perfeotly into something beween a wail and a seductive prayer. M r M adaren was softened. "O fcourse, of eourse," he said with n important air, " I should be the last an to ooeroet the la s t; but when may I xpeot to hear from you ?" M rs Doolan looked rcfleotively out of he little window at the curtains puffed ut by the breese and the white jasmine hrusting itabranchei inside. "W ell, this is Thursday, suppose we ay Saturday. W ill that be convenient o you, air P" '• W ell s yes, yes. Then let us say Saturday, and I may impress on you, my ear madame, that auoh an offer does not oome to a young lady every day. I ettle the wool upon her at onee. Yes, I have determined to settle toe wool upon e r,' end after m y death, should she survive me, th e shall be fittingly provided for, and her children, madam, shall alio be suitably provided for. 1 lso propose taking m y wife to England, bould I wish to re-visit the old world 1 left when I was a boy, and I probably shall wish to do so." M rs Doolan waa suitably impressed by this magnifiesnoe. ‘‘Oi’sn sh u n , sir, Oi hope she'll be desam n of tuoh goodness." " W ell, good Evening madam. I will expeot to hear from you on Saturday." H e hobbled to the door as he spoke, anquished.the diffioulty of toe stone steps, and clambering into his buggy rove sway, F abhiokb.—Soothe colnmnheaded "The asmanian W oman" in the News every ednesday. Bpobtskiv,—Every Friday’s issue of the nwe contains a Spotting Colnmn up to " fititah, stitch, stitoh. In poverty, hnn er, and dirt. Evidently toe poor wratcheid n rt use "M agic* Soap, for'twill sate n n b U °m Ml:d«T«El™tibfldDwa and 