CHAPTER XXIV. At 3J.ahseii.lk3. Everything heiug thus smoothed for him, Martin found himself at Marseilles as soon after as it was possible to reach that port, for, it is needless to say, ho and his very useful companion, Dar ford, travelled on through tbo nest night. Some slight breakdown on the rail way had necessitated a brief stoppage here, Martin all the time consumed by anxiety .to get on to Cannes, where Emmie then was. He toot no heed of the unwonted sights which otherwise would have claimed his interest; to reach Emmie, his dying sister, without the loss of a moment, was his heart's cry. 'Will you walk a little way, sir?' asked Darford. ' I am sorry thore is not time to conduct you to the grand promenade, which is three miles long, and you would get a view of the sea and of the islands.' ' But we must not risk losing the train,' replied the hoy, anxiously. | 'I will hike care that you do not, sir.' . lfartin, who had sunk upon a seat, ! now rose and looked about him vaguely; seeing without realising what was I around him, .because of the one thought always beating at his heart, that Emmie was ill, dying, and that he might not he in time to see her; dying when sho ! might have been well and happy if -sho 'had not been separated from Leigh. That was. what was killing her; she had not strength to go on living now that lie was dead. Darford, watching him, noted the sorrow on his face, and - wishing to change the current of the lad's ideas began to make remarks on the persona near them. 'Ah, sir, this place is as busy a highway as ever is London bridge,' said he; 'some coming, others going, all day long.' ' Yes,' replied Martin, absently. ' 'Tis wonderful how many foreigners one meets here,' continued Darford, ' and how many of our countrymen cornr here. "What a mixture of French an£ English and Arabs there are round uf now, hut the first glance generally telle the Englishman from • the foreigner, There is one going home, I fancy—and —and ' The man broke 'off in so queer a manner that Martin's attention was roused by it, and he looked him ques tioningly in the face. ' Do you know him, Darford,' asked Martin. 'Do you know him, sir?'returned Darford in a strangely shaken voice. Martin, as he gazed at -the individual whom the valet had pointed out, shook with strong emotion. It can't he he, Darford,' he whis pered hoarsely, clutching the valet by the arm. ' You sit here, Mr. Martin, and let me go and see.' ' No, no,. For God's sake don't let either of us lose sight of him,'-cried Martin. , ,'.Then come along with me, sir.' The two made their way through the . group near them, towards' a Shabbily ..dressed- young man, • who,. apart and wearing the air of an invalid, was] ' apparently awaiting the train for.Eng lund. Wlion Martin and his cbmpanion got nearer to him, the former grasped Dar-! ford's arm, ejaculating faintly :. ' Dar- ■ ford ! it must be he!' Then with a cry ' which caused everyone, startled, to look round, Martin sprang forward, calling out in a piercing voice ; ' Leigh ! \- Leigh ! Are you alive then ?' After which he fell hack into Darferd's arms, and lost consciousness. 'It is you indeed, Mr. Furrowcs!' stammered the valet. Leigh, almost as much overcome as! they, faltered out that it was indeed! . himself! ' And they think of me at home as dead.-I suppose,' added he. 11 am sorry to say they do, sir. It has been too much for Mr. Martin.' Leigh was helping to support the hoy, weak as he was himself, when Martin opened his eyes, and clinging to his friend, called out again : 'Leigh, Leigh, are you alive ?' ' You thought it was my ghost, then ?' said Leigh, with a faint smile. ' Mow, we mustn't miss the train for Cannes, sir,' interposed Darford. ' The train ! Heavens, Leigh! I am going to see Emmie. She is very ill with grieving for you. I don't think she cares to live without you. Ob, Leigh, why didn't you write ?' 'Itwas impossible,' returned he, in great distress. ' Martin, I mu6t go with you. I must see Emmie.' ' You shall,' cried Martin. ' I don't think they will prevent it now.' And then the hoy hurst anew into tears, which roused to the utmost Leigh's fears about Emmie. Darford again interposed: 'Mow, sir, Mr. FurrowcYs unex pected return may do more foi- the young lady than all the doctors in the world. I will secure a ticket for him. .Wait here, if you please, till my re turn.' Left alone for a few moments, Leigh asked disjointed questions about Emmie —how long she had been ill—whether she had sent for Martin—and how it was that she was at CanneB ? . ' She came out.with Margaret Thorpe leigh, as she could not recover from the hews that you had been lost at sea. Your return may save her yet, Leigh,' rried Martin, a gleam of' hope breaking through his misery. 'Oh, Martin! suppose that we- had not met here.' This overpowering thought held them speechless; and now they saw the valet again making his way towards them. ' This way, if you please, gentlemen;' said he, coming up; and very soon afterwards the two friends found them selves speeding towards Cannes in a first-class carriage, Darford having seated himself in another compartment. I.eigli and Martin could now freely exchange confidences, hut at first they . were uuuble to converse connectedly— the thought of Enfifrie absorbed them. ! Fast as they sped on their way they were not a day too soon. Her father and mother had just arrived, and the pale, emaciated girl had greeted them :'n a feeble murmur, while a few tears, ror very weakness, fell down her beautiful face. • .' Can nothing he done to save her?' asked her father of the medical man in attendance. . . '.Mothing short of a miracle can save her. She has lost the spring of life,' replied he, shaking his head gravely. ' Martin has not written; I should have thought we should have found a ' letter to meet us, as I mentioned that his sister was ill,' remarked Sir Ber tram. Lady Lawford was silent. More than once that day she had again wishecfthat Leigh had never gone out to China; it was so infinitely sad a sight to watch her young daughter slipping out of life. She was going so fast; indeed, that it could not be called certain that she would be with them even a week hence 1 