The Shadow of Wrong.] CHAPTER II. THE 8BAD0W IN THE VILLAGE. The shadow paised away from the boiom of t bo great city, and glided over hill and vniloy until it fell on the dark faco of Bonja __ min Brogden, Esq., M.D., at the Tillage of Cnyerlord, in Kent. Very skilled was Dr. Brogden in the pby sioal maladies tbat flesh is heir to ; very Rkillod was he nlso in tbe moral and mental maladies of men and women ; and he pat his knowledge of tbe mind and body to wanderfal usfis. He was a quadroon, and in bin boy hood bad been a slave. Escaping from .thral dom, he had gone direct to Canada, where his oaie was, ventilated among tbe olergy of tbe various oharohee. Ho made friends ; an \ once possessed of .these, he taagbt them vto perceive that be possessed extraordinary abilities, and that these abilities directed themselves almost anoonsoionsly to the slndy of medioine. He was aappliea with money wherewithal to educate himself at the univer sity of Montreal ; and he afterwards, with courageous industry, eked out big slander allowance by doing duty by night as a police man. ? Blaok Brogden,' as thoj called him at oollege — partly from his oomplexion, and partly because be was isolated in position aud raierved in oharacter. In due coarse of time he took his degree with honors, to the no small surprise and ohagrin of his fellow students, who) although Canadians at that time, looked down upon colored people with an ill-disguised feeling of superiority, and had rery little real sympathy with ' Exeter Hall philandering. Shortly afterwards he set sail for England, and immediately after his arrival disappeared for Home years. On his reappearance, he set up in business as a qualified medical practit'oner at tbe little village of Caverford aforesaid. Cayerfoad, being the oontre of many resi dences of the landed gentry, is rather conger Tative; and the appearance of a new dootor, in tbe person of a man of color, was looked upon as an unpardonable innovation. Before long, however, the knowledge and skill of Brog den, displayed ia several very extrome cases, caused the tide to turn in his favor; and as oonntry people generally go to extremes in these matters, he soon beoame the furore. Old Dr. Doming, who, for many years, had absorbed the entire practice of the neighbor hood, found his patients gradually slipping away from him ; and, being of a sensible dis position, gave ap tbe ghost at the right mo ment, and left his wife n comfortable inde pendence. Thenoeforth Benjamin Brogden, Esq., M.D., Reigned supreme — tbe lord of birth and death in a place where the women were fruitful. He beoame the idol of the married ladies, and the friend and confidant of happy fathers. He made money. The young ladies bagan to set their' caps at him — to lure him on to tbe intricate maze of matrimony ; bat he was not a prise to be easily won. One fine day he played a bold and dangerous stroke, by bringing down a young lady,' a stranger, and introducing her to the society of Oaverford as his wife. Sooiety was offended for a week it was strongly inoluded to deny to the married man, the support it bad given to the baohelor ; but, tbe cholera passing by just then, Society swallowed its pill and resigned itself patiently to the healing hands of its physician. Very little was seen or heard of Mrs. Brogden ; but she was known as a pale, quiet creature, very pretty, and a great many years younger than her husband. She was an invalid; but sooiety never forgave her for, marrying its dootor. The doctor himself was vary popular. As he iooressed in years his natural reserve had worn off, and latterly he became a model of gentility and urbanity. He mixed himself up a good deal in publio matters, aid wrote long letters to the Tunes on great poisoning oases, and on the evils of tobaooo smoking. Ho was an author, too, 'and published in the Lancet & number of admirtblo papers on vaccination. But it was among the simple villagers of Oaverford tbat he was most esteemed. Liberal tothepoor, and ever, ready to attend the sick-bed of the veriest pauper, he ooald not fail to be re speoted and loved. The same popularity followed him into the geptlemejijaf houses; Lady Harietto Noel, whom' he treated for neuralgiai described him as a traly admirable perepnr 'T-b^riph widpw_ BninpBj whose has band went mad and died in the attempt to double a. fortune of twenty thousand pounds —accumulated in the coal trade— thought him a duck of a man, and would have married hint at a moment's notice had he been single. Mrs. Vanhemrigh Vine would eome all tbe way from London during the season to consult her pet adviser on so trivial; a matter as an attack- of toothache or infiuenea. ' So it ia not surprising that Dr. Brogden throve, nor that people said he might have thriven a good deal better but for an invalid wife, who would. never bear him any children to oomfdrt his old age. It was ? pity, oer tainly. Did he himself begin to think that young wife of his a drag, and to grow cold towards her, and to wish she were out of the way P 'Perhaps. There was Miss Joieo Harwood, daughter of the retired naval offioer' Oapt. Harwood, who was beautiful, who had large sums of money in her own right, and who would no doubt have aooepted the hand of so admirable a gentleman as the Doctor, for Brogden found out long before his marriage tbat his oomplexion did not injure him in the eyes of a woman ; that, on the contrary, it was novel, and rather a re oomojendation. He was certainly handsome, s-ne! the dark, tawny, hue of his skin, whtoh ho kept fastidiously olean on all . occasions, made him look romantic. There was a con* fident boldnois about his manner which charmed the' sex ; they felt that he was courageous, reliable, and they knew that he was' clever. Was he a good man ? The question is a 'difficult one to answer, and most sensible men when it it pat personally to them, refer it to their wives. What was MrB. Brogden'a opinion of her husband ? Could that have besn ascertained, no donbt we might oomo to some intelligible cooclnsion. Mrs. Brogden, however, had no opinions, or, which cornea to the same thing, she was supposed to hare* none, and, even bad she posioasod them, sho would never have attempted to arbitrate on ?o difficult a subjeot as to the ohuraoter of her husband. All abo had lo do was to be ill, and to be tenderly nuraed by tho worthy man, her husband. Ho was stupidly fond of her, tbe dootor. People said that he would never recover the shook if she were to die. Aimi va It ntottd-e. Because Dr. Brogden was devoted to , bis young wife, people thought him a dear, ill- used creature. Had he, on the other hand, negleoted the invalid, people would have oalled him a brute. So tbe shadow passed out from tbe oity and fell on Brogden's dark face as be rode leisurely and slowly along the oountry road in the direotion of ehe residence of Captain Harwood, R.N. It was a bright, clear September morning, and the rain, which had fallen fitfully during tbe night, sparkled to the sun from the wet stubble and the slanted sheaves. The almost bare hedges murmured under the touoh of a sharp, low wind, which orept upward here and there to the trees by the roadside, and plunged down again to tbe ground in a whirl o russet leaves. Tbe road along which tbe dootor was riding passed by farm-houses and fields, with here and there a gentleman's mansion stand ing in the minds of its own grounds, and it roughened here and there into small bills, on the shoulders of which the hop-ricks were gathered darkly. A mile behind the dootor, as he rode, was his large, finely-famished cpttage, aurrounded by its large garden, and. in one of the ohambers lay tho Dootor's lady, languidly awakening from a fretful sleep. 'Ijhe shadow passed over her face where sht lay before it reaohed her husband, and when it was dark upon her, he was saying to himself— ' Die 1 I will it. Die I Under my ban, you cannot live. Die ! I will it. You musi die I1 ' An expression of iron pnrpoae was in hie eyes, and he waved his hand backward with a,strange movement. A rustic lounged past, and immediately the fieroe look gave plaoe to aj benign smile as the Dootor greeted the man heartily and by name. (To be Continued.) 