FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. There were many objections to be urged against the variety entertain ment provided by Mr. Wybert Reeve at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. Incompleteness of arrange ment was one fault, an inexcusable vulgarity in an alleged comic song by rMr. Frank Ries was another, the very feeble warbling by the Smith children was also a cause of complaint, and in other respects there were indi cations of amateurishness that might have wrecked the show. Mr. Reeve recognised the situation, and he has already made amends, though even now there are turns which, like the piano organist, "never would be missed." The sensation of the even ing, if an exhibition of animals can be called a sensation, is contributed by Mir. Leoni Qlarke, whose trained cats, rats, monkeys, and other animals, with the addition of an acrobatic cockatoo, have been responsible for a good deal of hilarity at the Royal. Mr. Clarke's patience, which is not perhaps realized by a contemplation of the results, is deserving of commendation, and he has nightly received a round of applause on the termination of his portion of the programme. The boxing cats, Charlie Mitchell and Jim Corbett, meet with the most favor, and the ascent of one grimalkin to the dome of the Theatre with its descent by means of a parachute is certainly both a novel and clever feat. Provo, the juggler, has been frequently seen in Adelaide, and h8 has improved on his work of the past, his balancing acts being neat and generally reliable. Since Saturday Provo has he6n re sponsible for a shadow pantomime, which is amusing. The Smith family of trick cyclists give a welcome item, their command over the whirling wheel being certainly astonishing. JMr. Smith can ride any kind of wheel 'y indeed, one of the gallery boys remarked on Monday that he would be at home on a Catherine Wheel. The cycling act is just long enough, and is very cleanly carried out. The Miatens are fairly proficient ban joist.3, and their " turn " wherein they twang their tink-a-tinka instruments and dance at the same time is something out of the common. Mr. Frank Ries may be a comic vocalist; what he apparently needs is a comic song. Miss Hope "Nation was so excessively nervous on Saturday evening that she can only be said to have scrambled through her numbers. Since then she has regained some of her confidence, and while she is by no means in the first flight of vocalists, her efforts have met with some appreciation. Miss Nation may be advised to lay " Ren Bolt' on the shelf • the nautical gentleman requires a rest. Rexo, who also appears under another name, is an expert roller skater, and gains considerable applause. Miss Chrissie Angus joined the company on Monday evening, and contributed three serio comic effusions in appropriate costume to the evident delight of the audience. Miss Angus is vivacious, and makes her songs " go." On Tuesday evening Miss Ada Colley, who is on her way to London, made her appearance, and was warmly welcomed. The extra ordinary soprano voice of this lady has many admirers, although its lack of sweetness of tone militates against the success of the vocalist. The effect is curious rather than soul-satisfying. There will be a change of programme on Saturday evening, and if Mr. Reeve will further trim down the performance in the directions which have been in dicated he will, as other performers are to be introduced, have a successful season. Herr Hajek, the Austrian Hercules, who is going West, will be oil the bill next Saturday, and his exhibitions of strength should prove a delight to an athletic community. * * * The Dampier season at the Theatre Royal closed last Friday evening when " Hamlet " was produced in the presence of a large house. Of Mr. Dampier's Hamlet it is possible to speak in terms of the highest commen dation. It was intelligent, consistent, and, almost without exception, elocu tionarily effective. There were at times, it is true, slight suggestions of other characters such as Captain Starlight and the Count of Monte Cristo, but these must be ascribed to mannerisms and, as they only ob truded themselves at rare intervals, the general excellence of the imper sonation was not seriously blemished. Mr. Lachlan McGowan gave an admirable presentation of the loqua cious Polonius, and Mr. Edmund Holloway made a conventional ghost. Mr. Alfred Rolfe was a capital Laertes, and the first grave digger of Mr. George Buller was in accordance with tradition. Miss Rose Dampier as Ophelia was altogether over weighted. She is better vocally than histrionically. The rest of the cast calls ror no special comment. Manager Richardson is busy pre paring for the reception of a host of country visitors at the Cyclorama of the Rattle of Waterloo this week. The fine picture is always an attraction at show time, and the war cloud at present in the East should give addi tional interest to the representation of one of the greatest of modern fights. * * * The Cinematograph, which has been shown with much success throughout the country districts, will be on exhi-1 billon at the Victoria Hall to-morrow evening, when a short season will be instituted. Thirty pictures will be on view each night, and as there must be numbers of Adelaide people who have not yet seen Lumiere's marvellous in vention crowded attendances should be the rule. * * * It seems only fitting that the S.A. Cricketing Association should arrange for a display of fireworks on the Ade laide Oval after the brilliant one innings victory gained by South Aus tralia over Victoria on Monday last.1 Of course this is not the object to be celebrated to-morrow evening, but it will pass. At any rate, the Phoenix Fireworks Company will give an ex hibition which promises to rival any thing of the sort yet seen in Adelaide, and Mr. Ores well is working energeti cally to make the proceedings an entire success. It is many years since Ade laide had a pyrotechnic entertainment, and the large attendances attracted at that period warrant the assumption that the men at the turnstiles will be kept busy to-morrow night. There will be a number of set scenes and fancy designs, while the more ordinary work of the pyrotechnist will be in abundance. A concert by the Military Band will occupy the first portion of the programme, and at 9 o'clock the heavens will be illuminated by the blaze of light furnished by the Phoenix Company. * * -jt Country visitors to the Show are reminded that the Zoo is just now more attractive than ever it was. Mr. Minchin's admirable collection of beasts and birds is well worth an extended visit, and the recent rains have made the gardens themselves a highly pleasurable place of resort. ijc Mr. Will. Crackles, comedian, was in Adelaide on Tuesday, He left for England on the following day. 