OLD BWEE'IEARTS, BY THE ATui-osi of " BETIIAt AIcUNDEL." "O,01 love for a year, a week, a day; But alas for the loveo that loves alway.' -" Sweethearts." The drawing-room in a certain fashion a. ble ladies' club in London was emptying a little as the tea-hour passed. To.day, "in spite of the dismal sleet outside, the dining-room had been so full that one gay -party had migrated t6.the drawing-room, 'lwhere a smart maid set the tea table in a corner. But this gay quartette, too, had gone, and the room was emptying slowly, when an old lady, white haired and erect, and-dressed very richly in black silk and velvet, with nodding plumes over her white hair, entered, and quietly took a chair in the centre of the room, drawing the "Lady's Pictorial' towards her an, gh . ncing over it absently. She drew off her gloves presently, and you saw delicate slender hands, on whichi sparkled, a few. old rings. They were characteristic hands, and fitted well with the charm of her face. It was a face to attract the observant still, for all that Time had. very long ago "stolen away the beauty of youth and. colouring. Her skin wasof theclear tint of old ivory, her features were exquisite still, as if they had. been_ carved on a caineo; and..the eyes, of a deep, lucent blue, looked:at the outside wdorld with strange ..brilliancy under her strongly pencilled eyebrows and soft, white hair. A patrician face, a proud ace, a very sad face! ." Half- past five Pc tps the wea ther-" - She had consulted a jerelled watch bracelet ; but-just then te'tedoor opened, and a tall, soldierly old r i14 stood in the doorway, immaculate in attife, his long frock coat showing a rich sillt front, his dark moustache drooping over &hhandsome; mouth. In his way he was as god- look ing as was the lady, patrician in pe, too, but with languid eyes that had none of her hidden fire and life. As he hesitated, holding a furryd elove in one long, lean hand, she adva iced to him, bowing with a polite smile. " Colonel le Manton 1" He bowed low, and she pointes o a chair, which he took, opposite to h.r,. "My dear madam, 1 am drsol s at being late : But I was detained de tained at the very door-buttonhole1 by a bore, who wanted my opinion as to the points of a horse. You, with your kn aw ledge of life, have, of course, met s?a .ny bores. You know their density, i. oir \- lcdchlilk: qualities, their obtuse delib a tion." She smiled slightly, turning round het then to give an order to the maia.to bring tea to the vacated table in the corner. "Tea and crumpets or mu no, colonel' ?" "Shall we say nmuffins ? My dear dy, it was too good of you to ask me he: -a mere stranger. And yet, since I lve read your charming .sketches in the 'London,' I have felt indeed that I .?new you-that you were an old friend !' I? "Yes?" - She had put down her gloves, at now sat twisting her rings round lii: her fingers. "I was emboldened by your ld and most flattering letter to ask you ,to meet me here. I am leaving Englanil for the South.', " I am very sorry to hear thal., "What will the ' London' do 1" "There are so many writer!, new and sparkling, and young I I l~tav often wondered, indeed, that the editors care for the work of an old woinan like me." "' Age cannot wither' someopeople," the colonel quoted , gallantly,;" ' nor custom stale their infinite variety.' My dear madam, if'I may say so, wisdom like yours is like'old wine -age only improves it; and, to carry the simile further, the years have ;not robbed your writing of its sparkle-they - only add to it; 'I have noticed and admired your work for years ; and yet I only know you, now, under.your. nom ide plume 'Erin.'. Are you, then, Irish ? The-' London" forwarded. my letter to you, but they. were discreet, they did not'give she the address." Tea hadocome by this time, and the old 'lady poured it out, the colonel handing her the cream, and waiting on her with old-world'courtesy and empressement: Once or twice:it might have seemed to a keen observer that the fine old lips opposite him twitched slightly. When he had lifted 'the cover from the crumpet dish and helped her, he took alknifo and fork from the tray, and folded-his napkin over his knees. "I always beg for these.o We row fidgety in our old age ; and "-he held outlhis fingers delicate'iy- " one has to go on to one's club; later, the niemiory of departed joys in the shape of butter is scarcely pleasant. She was eat.in, her toast slowly, listen ing. Those who knew her well would have found the old lady oddly silent. *""And you are leaving England ? To return, of: course; wheu spring makes London bearable once more ?" "No, I do not thlink I shall ever return. The doctor8s have forbidden me to live in London again." : "Ah ! A sentence of banishment." "You always loved London," she mur mnurted, half iivoluntarily, then seemed to remember something, and continued rapidly, "That is one reason why I broke tlrough the bonds of conventionality, and aisked you to meet me here. MIy town house is dismantled,.and I thought two old people--" "MIy dearrmnadam, .you honoured me. : Besides; ILain iatlher s-elabituo of tea at Sladies' clubs'. I have two 'frinds who tale me to the Aibemarle. Ialwaysenjoyr myself. They ask their friends, and we hear a good deal of. oit and dalliance. 'Whipped creame' SirW:-alter callpd it. But it is.frothy-very frtihy ! Even wit, I take it,:is not what it ustddo be. Young people, nfowadays, whein they are hoa riding a hobby to death, are too bored to be witty. Il my youug days (but I'm afraidl I only bore you ?) people said things * that one can quote still. What could one quote that is said to-day 1', "I am fortunate in that respect," she said gently, "for I happen to know some young people who are very sparkling. One is my nephew. A little more tea, colonel' And that brings me to the recollection that I think I should tell you frankly I asked you hero so I could tell you hie story, and could ask a favour." He bowed, one hand over his heart. "I y dear mIadam, you have only to command.me inany stvay. Your sketches Sin the 'Londons have given me the purest pleasure I have knows for years. I was born and brought up in Surrey. Every place you mention -" Ber eyelids flickered a little then, and the hand holding the sugar-tongs tremb led suddenly. Something was stirring the old lady's heart as it had not been stirred for years ; and perhaps she had deemed herself stronger than she was." "1 know Surrey well," she said then. "1, too, was born there. One writes easily of the ground whose very stones are dear." "But your nephew !" " He is at a turning.point in his career," she said, and stirred her tea slowly. "He is young, and clever, and impressionable -hard-working and brave. An honour able and upright young man. I wantyou to understand and believe that. He comes of an old and honourable lineage, but of mere worldly pelf he has at present little." " And the turning-point ." " He was fortunate enough to be highly recommended for the post of editor of a magazine lately bought by a-by an old soldier-a very good magazine, and he was almost certain of the post, when it came to his patron's knowledge that the young man aspired to his niece's hand. Will you allow me to finish, colonel ?" He bowed. There was a little disturb ance visible in the way the lean hand caressed his moustache, and once or twice he glanced at her oddly and almost un easily. "The uncle of the girl asked, and my nephew confessed. He had not spoken to this Alice Clare, but he hoped to win lher. He was instantly told that the post could never be his. She was intended for a richer man. I learned the story from my nephew, and after thinking the matter over, thought I would see what an old woman could do. Perhaps I was unwise to interfere." She paused then, ancd suddenly loosened the delicate black laces about her throat. " Colonel le Manton, if one has suffered one's self in one's youth, I think it makes one lotl: o see a chance of the same suffering being inflicted on others. Young, happy hearts, with such a capacity for joy and sorrow ! Quick to enjoy-but, ah me!-quick, too, to suffer horribly ! I have seen your niece, and-I-I liked her ! I almost felt as if I were looking at the ghost of my own dead youth. And I saw before me, in a prophetic picture, the weary path her feet might have to tread If you gain your way, and part them, I think you will be sorry. You have not an unkind heart, only all your life you took pinchbeck for gold !" He had echoed her words ii a strange voice, as if they struck upon some chord of memory, and he hardly knew he had spoke aloud. " I-I am afraid I acted hastily; and yet, poverty is a very cruel thing, madam ! You with your knowledge of life, know that." " There are more cruel things than poverty," she said slowly. "I may speak, for I leave known both; and I have known, in these latter lays, wealth. And mere wealth will never fill the human soul, or content it. Has wealth, all these years, contented you 1" It was a home-thrust, and he winced under it. .God knows it had not! To please a wealthy uncle this old man, in the days of his hot-headed youth, had given up the girl whom he loved, and who had loved him and waited for him, and the shadow of that deed had seemed to cover him all his life, He had inherited the old place, and sought her again, but she had disap peared. And, indeed, even if he had found her, he knew very well that he had lost her love ! Leonio had sat looking at him with such strange, wondering eyes. She had ac quiesced at once, and given him back all the little love-tokens. All but two -thel red-reo-e the??y had iathered togetlher and oxclhanged in the Hail garden, and which they had sworn to keep for ever, and the locks of hair - sunny gold and dark brown. He had never married. Her eyes had come between him and every other woman's face, however beautiful and imperial they might be-those sad, wondering, awakened eyes. " No," he said slowly ; "wealth did not satisfy me, for I made a mistake. And even my profession did not content me. Now that my days of war are over, and I am a cman of peace, I have only an old ageo of club stories and club dinners; and, after that, a short round to Kensal Green." His languid cynicism and old-world stateliness had dropped from him like a cloak. It was one of those brief moments in which the soul is laid bare. "And yet you, in your turn, would run the risk of bringing the same loveless old age upon two others-another man. and other woman." She spoke clearly and resolutely, and the colonel roused. " Madam, I will reconsider the matter. I had forgotten these things, and" bowing-"I did not know that. Htrry Carisbrook hlad the honour 'of possessing ' Erin ' as his aunt !" " You will see, and get to know him. That is all I ask." "I will, indeed. I give you the word of an old soldier." She smiled faintly, beginning to draw on her left glove. The colociel, watching her, suddenlystarted a little. A curious old ring (formed of two hearts, one of diamonds, and one of rubies, surmounted by a crown) seemed to attract hini, iand he looked at it eagerly, till roused again by her voice. "You will like lhim, I think-I am ahnostsure." "I shall write to him. He shall have the post. I bought the magazine; it was rather a freak, but I aleays had a fancy to have one of my own. Let me see, his address-I had better take a note of it." He drew an old pocket bbok from his breast pocket, and opened it very care fully. It was of red morocco, clasped with a gold band, and had a crest aue motto on the side nearest her. The old lady looked at it, and hler lips trembled. She gave a slight imperceptible start. He put it then on the table, and fumbled in one of the inside pockets for a card. The roomn was quite empty now. The tea parties had dispersed; in a very little it would be time for dinner, and the .few ladies left had gone to the silence rc om to' write,letters. Something had made tihe colonel a little nervous. He drew out a card hastily, and with it a little some thing wrapped in tissue paper, at which he stared suddenly, as if he had seen a ghost. And. then he laughed abruptly and oddly. " It is the ghost of my ovnc romance ! An odd thing-an odd coincidence, after our conversation! MIy dear madam, it is difficu!t to realiso that I was once a young lover, with these few spare flakes of snow on my head now-but it is true! And this ".- he unfolded the tissue paper care fully'--" this was a lock of hair from the golden head of the girl I loved ! Forty years ago I If she is alive it will be White hair now ." She Ihd bent forvward,. and she, too, gavoethe faint ghost of a smile. •"Since we are on theesubject of love tokens, look at mine, colonel!" She had unfastened a'littleold.fiashioned heart-shaped locket, hung by a slender gold chain round her neck. Onone side was a curl of dark lhair, on the other a few brown, 'faded leaves. "An old-ivoman, who should be done with romance, if a woman is ever done with that; and I don't pretend I always wear it. I only put it on again to-day. The lock of hair I exchanged forty years ago; and the rose leaves were red and dewy and scented- forty years ago !" "In the Hall garden? LLonie !" He uttered the words brokenly, in a low, shaken voice, and they stood there mute under the electric light; these two, who, forty years ago, had loved each other dearly! What tho'ughts, what stirring memories, were in o~ther heart -Heavon knew ! So strange is love, and the power of love -ay, even in this weary end of this weary old century-that I think they were both transported by its power. They only.sac" the winsome maid and the handsonio man each had loved ! They saw golden looks and upright figure, and eager, springing step ! They saw the-Hall garden, and the standard roses, and the bees droning over the mignonette. They heard each other's voices ! They were young once more, and happy ! Then the vision faded. Some ladies had entered, who, in their turn, found an old, soldlierly man, dressed carefully by a Bond-street tailor, and an old, white-haired lady, who had the wreckage of beauty in the pallor of her white face, still standing silently in the centre of the room. " I will see you-to your carriage." "Thank you." In utter silence they walked downstairs, and into the hI.ll. The porter handed the colonel his gold-headed cane, and the old man said "Good-night to you" absently as lie received it. "Good-night to you, sir. Tihe lady's carriage? A brougham, madam ? Yes, it is here." They were out then on the pavement, and he handed her in. "Leonie ! I never knew you I And yet your voice wrung my heart !" She had given him her hand, and was looking at him pitifully and gently. " Shall I see you again, Leonio ? I shall do all I can for your boy. If she loves him, lie shall win Alice." " Thank you, Hugh." "And when shall I see you ?" "I leave town to-morrow. I fear this is -good-bye!" He stooped suddenly in the dark, the old bare-headed muan, and kissed the frail old hand. T'hen lhe stood back, the foot man, touchingc his lhat, leaped up behind, and the brousgham rolled away. lnside the old lady lifted the hand he had kissed and held it softly to her face'. " It is the most marvellous thing in the world, Alice I And I can give you no ex planation at all! Absolutely none ! He wrote and asked sme to lunch at his club, and gave ime the post of editor. And the salary is more than tthought. I had just time to tell Aunt Leonie before she started for Cannes. And then cameo this invita tion to dine and go with you to the Lyceum. After dinuerl asked if Imsight speak to you. With the work Aunt Leonie get for me on the ' London,' in her place, I could tell him of quite a comfortable little income ! And lie just nodded in a queer, absent way, and said ' Yes, olh yes.' Alice, darline! it is like the work of magic !" " Very nice magic !" the pretty Alice whispered smilingly. " He has been so odd aud absent lately, I have noticed it. I have not once heard him say a cynical thing; and when his man tied his tic bady this evening lie scarcely said any thing. I hope lie is not going to be ill." At which her lover laughed. But the colonel was not ill, and some weeks after lhe was walking down Picca dilly with Alice, with the old soldierly step,vlwhen she told him that Hugh had left town for the Riviera. They were openly afflianced then. He started and looked at her quickly. "The Riviera. Why?" "His old aunt was found dead in her bed. She wrote, you know, such charm ing little idyllic sketches-worth their weight in gold, Hugh said. He will in berit her money. She had a good deal left ler late in her life." Ho was walking on quite steadily, but ii.s oye.woro very farvay. Ho asw nO thing of the passers, of the eddying stream of vehicles, of the clubs, of Alice in her smart hat by his side. He was looking again into the white, old face, and tihe eyes that bade him a mute farewell, and lie whispered under his breath faintly and slowly : " Leonie, Leonie !" 