THE PHANTOM CYCLISTE. ( Writlen Specially for the "'News.') AT the close of a warm though not un pleasant day last Christmas-tide, I found myself pedalling along a dusty road that led to the gates of ' Armadale,' the resi dence of my father's old friend,1 h1r. W. Thornhill. He had written askiiigj me .tovisit him and spend a few weeks, and I had accepted the invitation very g adliy. Armadale was eighty miles or so from 'Melbourne, and having cycled' all the Away; I was not at all sorry when I saw that the end of my journey was at hand. I had not seen the Thornhills for many years-not since I was a boy-and was curious, perhaps just a trifle anxious, to know what changes time had wrought in them and in their bsautiful home. Not :that I was 'n any d,,ubt as to the cordi ality of my reception-I knew them too well for that. The gates stood open, and I pedalled down about a mile of beautifully shaded carriage- drive. I think that was about the pleasantest mile I had ridden for many a d1ay. I was in just the frame of ,n-·"a ri,:whc was suited to my environ 't in high spirits, as I had eighty miles had a3rauly-but in SI can only fall vord ' pleasant.' ndeed, there was every reason why I should find that last mile enjoyable. I had had no mishaps on the journey no punctures to repair, no head wind to face, no broken cottar-pin, snapped chain, buckled rim, or any such annoyance and I had left the cares of business be hind me in the restless city. Further more, and perhaps most important, there was the anticipated recreation of a few weeks at one of the pleasantest little nooks in the country. As the house came in sight, its quaint little brick towers ruddy in the last lin gering gleams of the setting sun, I won dered for the twentieth time at least what sort of a voung lady I should find little Amy Thornhiill. When I had last seen her she was a frolicsome fairy of nine or ten. Since then I hadi always mentally ass, ciate.i her with my t~:tor able accident at the F lrd. This Ford is a crossing over Grey's C:eek, which flows through the Armnadale estate. The -Ford is aplroached on the north by a picturesquely winin lg path, very smnoth -but so steep that the thought of riding down it would mnke the iothe t seasoned cyclist's hair stan I on end. It was down this pa h tlh at I rode one day a decade bcfore, when ' ordinaries (high bicvycls) were in vogue. I did no)t l?mw A\rnind.ale the,, and was w ziz Zing down to a stony destnuction before I half realds d the fact. Little Amy up oUt I' li .d f~il house fo fracturce 'bruises eraiI ovit Sreawii i It wuiit I Beside as a talii .piroud u boy five a vague daugite: Thoruhi But tiiii of his le to his so ~.t:ude of. I avas "amielr glad "fi:ft`'tl ietets"'isThnly.. the old gentleman at home to receive me, f',r after cighty miles over the dusty roads I was not very presentable. My luggage had arrived by train, and my room was prepared. By the time I had mile the necessary chsnge in my appearance, dinner was ready, an I the rest of the family greeted me. .The adopted niecs was not:;there, but I forgot all aboult her in gaiiig on the: piquant, debonnaire loveliness of Amy Thorthill. She was tall and fair, as I had pictured her, but there 3-is a sort of laughing diablerie in h?i'clear blue eyes which rather discounted the demure expression which she seemed to think it incunmben t upon her to wear. They made quite as rmuch of me as I had any right to, expect, and my holiday :prmlnised to) lbe as dedhtful as-as in fact it proved In h,. Amy and her ,raj:her, Dick, were both votaries of the whe.l, anl we were all three of us up before breakfast the very next nimning, etiijying an hut's ride. I asked Amy if .,he remembered my ride down the hill into the For 1. She looked at l)ick, lie looked at her, and toth suddenly bcamtne grave. SYes, I renemtiber, Mr. Fentoni,' she said, in a low tone, and atlmst coldly. I was snrprised, but supposed she had -'-m-e r,-son for not earing to discuss the sulb?et. Th.n, as luck would have it, n asting about for stam o:her topic 1 ,k e of he" uon in, wvli -' nanie, E'dith i ls. I niw re?-,,')iertcd. But I an 4 t7)i'ave pjit n'; foot in it worse than ever this tinw,, for Amy put on a startled look, ant DickL muttered ' Poor Elie !' 'Iis she deal ?' I asked, in alarm. Dick n Ided gravely. \We are all so grieved about Edith,' said Miss Thornhill-' especially papa and mamma. It's two years since we lost her, yet they can't bear to hear it mentioned. So, if you please-' 'I shall say nothing, Amy,' said I. ' Dick will tell you how we lost her,' she said, and rode on in advance. I looked at Dick, and was astounded to see that lie was nearly falling off his machine with suppressed laughter. But he immediately pulled himself together, and his merry face resun ,d its firner gravity. .. 'Lt's nothing to laugh at,' he said in a penitent tone; ' but when I think of the shines that girl used to cut-but i'll tell you all about it. You see, she was as hartam-scarunm as they make 'em, and used to get tp to all sorts of games. She used to ride my bike at night-got me to teach her. (We had no lady's jigger then-Amy learnt on mine.) So Edie made herself a set of rationals, and used to go out every night-just riding about the grounds, you know. But you woulda't believe ho-w she took to coast ing ! Anything exciting was right into her hands. She used to wish the Ford wasn't at the bottom of the hill, so she could coast down. Well, last Chiist mas we had some heavy rain here, and the sand in the creek silted up over the Ford until it joined the end of the path, and there was a level forty yards of it, pretty solid except where there was a narrow channel near .the other bank for the water. So as soon as Edie sees the sand she gives a jumip, and she says this was fine. we could coast down now .al right. I didn't reckon there was enough level run at the bottom, but she was bent on trying it, and she d d. I never saw such nerve. She just put her feet up on the crown-plate, held the handle-bar with one hand, and sailed down like a good 'un, pulling up on the sand. I tried it myself a couple of timis. but didn't cotton to it like she did. My word, she used to look fine, as she skimmed down in the moonlight, her h:ed thrown well up, and her black hair streaming out straight behind her.' ' And did your parents allow this sort of thing ?' I asked. ' They didn't know. If father hlad known he wouldn't have let Bill Jeukln shift the sand.. Bill wanted some s iln for something or other, and he took a cartload or two, leaving a great hole and a bank the other side.' So" p'or Elie sailed down the same niglht, for the l:st time. She ran fair into the hole, struck the bank, and was thrown about a d ac:i yards on to a rock. Her spine wa\s broken, and she died a few hours after. Of conrse we were awfully cut up. and mother and father haven't got over it yet. Tlhy can't bear to hear it men tioned.' 'Naturally,' said I. 'Of course I full in, but I reckon it was Bill .Jenkins' fault for shifting that sand. The old ass-lie might have known what we were up to by the wheel tracks. But I haven't told you the most interesting part.' ' Wh:at is tha>. ?' 'Poor Edie's ghost rides down that hill every moonlight night.' The idea of a ghost on a bicycle m:ule me laugh. It seemed so irv: mgruous. Dick appeared to be offended at imy scepticism. ' It's all right, you can laugh,' le said, ' but it's perfectly true.' ' A ghost riding a bike !' ' Well, they've be i seen on hor.-s, and why shouldn't th!ey ride bicycles ?' I remenmbered seeing Father Hilary, an excellent (lcr,_-ym.in or my acquain tance, riding his mIunhine to a Iiuse in which a younn girl lay dying, for hi purpose of adm:nisti; rin ii ?c: :e !n.: tion. That ihad secined inlongruuiiz, yet it was really nothlingl of the sort. IBut, a -!host on wh-e:s! I c,!,in'ii' in bro:ad diay e doe hauL iia gll",lst of ili·· I Iii01 d oti-a 1-i 1 10:. eS Up.,, it lne night. we knew it Id~f m ins ý know. S: within t hear es las;\t words.l j :i'toil to l61l0!\ ^ettier, ;srvsaK,) wrvun a -slitgit frown at Dick-' though of course there is no real objection.' She spoke in a gr.ive and almost haughty tone, which deterrel men from asking her to confirm Dick's tale. It seemed to me that it would be an iai prtinence. As to the story itself, I b-gan to think there might be something in it after all. Though not a believer in ghosts, I was far from being a scoffer. I had never given the subj'ct much thought, and had no settled belief either way. In a word, I was open to conviction, for or against.. I am willing to confess that Amy Thornhill was much more in my thoughts that day than the phantom coaster coastress, I ought to say. Amy's at tractions were rnany and various, and had the appearanrre, at leasf, of b-i.g inexhaustible. She was sir)iiL.tii s t:n talising, but always clhirmng. Thl day was very warm, an I we did not g out again. ' We ' means Amy and L. Dck went to the township for something he wanted, and stayed all the ofternoon, so we were left together, and I thought more than once how pleasant it would be to fall in love with Amy Thornhill. So the time passed very pleasantly, and when Dick returne.l at dusk anid signified, with a wink and a smile at his sister, that be had ' got it all ir i"t,' we were on extremely companionab' terms. Thi evening was still more delight ful, though Dick was considerably in the way. I had forgotten all about our ap p intment to see th:t up-to-date ghost of his, and when he remindel me, about nine o'clock, that ' the moon was getting up,' I felt a slight flatter at the heart, and looked towards Amy. She was grave and thoughtful. ' Will you come ?' I said. ' o,' she replied, in a low tone, ' I think it is a sort of sacrilege to l-ok more than once upon such solemn and mysterious sights.' So Dick and I set forth. The hill was not far away, and the moon was still pretty low when we arrived at the spot from which, as he said, the phantom cy cliste could be best observed. It was at some distance from tlhe path, but nn doubtediy commanded the best view that could be oltained. We sat down on a garden-seat, I with a cigar, Dick with a cigarette. Dick was, boy-like, very fidgetty and impatient, and was continually looking up at the rising moon with a reproach ful glance, as if he took it very ill that the satellite did not use a little more exped ition. As the silver rays began to illumine the fatal pathway, the boy becamn high'y excited ; and I, too, forgot everything else-even Amy-in the dread anticipa tion of 1.oking upon a visitor from tile other world. The moon went behind a cloud, and when she reappeared the path was light ed up for a distance of n-arly two hun dred yards, at the lower end of which it took a slight turn and was lost to view. The spot where we sat was a sort of knoll which overlooked that portion of the path. Suddenly Dick clutched me by the arm, and cried, in a hoarse whisper, ' Look-there it is !' With one hard lightly resting on the handle-bar, white face uplifted, black hair streaming straight out behind with the speed of its flight-just as lie had described it-a female figure on a bicycle rushed with silent but terrific velocity down toward the rocks of the Ford. So swift was the descent that the fig ure, with a graceful inclination, had swept rmou-d the turn before I had fully realized the verity of what I saw. Yet so lifelike was the apparition, that I found myself listenifg intently for the crash which a real machine would have made on the rocks of the Ford, and which uinst have been distinctly audible from where we sat. But there came no sound. The ghostly rider d:sappeared in the midst of a silence like that of the tomb. Noo trace of it remained. It had vanished into thin air. I cold no longer doubt that the de part-'d spirit of . ? - .t - ..... Wells ' revisited the glimipses of the moon,' Ihough not exactly 'making night hideout,' for the spectacle, however ter rific as a vindication of priatier-nature, c ,ild only be describcd as weirdly fasci nating, strangely beautiful. With a sinnglar exaltation of soul, I accompanied the boy home. It seemed to me that a new epoch of my existence had commenced- thlat this experience set me apart, as it were, from the vast majority of mankind, enrolling me with that favoured band (Amy also among them) to whom was given the high and awful privilege of meeting the Superna tural face to face. It was not until afterwards that reflection corrected this view, and showed me how egotistical it was. oi'r of course anyone who hap pened to be there, people of high or low natures, philosophers or fools, might look upon that amaizing sight. When I saw A:my in the morning, she took my hand in hers. ' You saw it then ?' she sa'd, gravely. 'Yes,' I replied. That was aF, nor was the subject again referr- d to. But that liying at piariion seeni-d to have brough't us clis.r t, g-.tlher. I th,uizht her more su!d'id, le.s volrcile and variable, perhaps not qu'it so brilliant, but infinitely more lvab!e. All t:ai day my thonulhts w;re divided bet Vwee A:ny and ihe piiintino cylisie ; t he latter s'em,.d to have is miuch fas eination for mi' .is thie irunner. I had a feeling that Amny woi,'d :int wi'ii i me to an i' view ibo appariliun, yet I knew I sh1 .11d not bhe able to res:st o'in . so. Ti. ce wais s1,ne it.n!etic ihnfence, 1 kn wi.njt olil:t it was, wxhiih di'ei w tm to that. f. l ihill. Tlbs tiin I. went alone. Th' moon was oi' co'ursa later in rising, but. it was not until her rays illuminat' d the path way thl .t. tll.,, l: n wri hr rushingo d sc-iit. T.ougi the elffct was salin s s thrilling a. at first, my glanre was lmorlre -c!iore .onsi vts. 1 saw thle far i of th pe:it's as they heat the air, and of the' s.pok.'s ; L saw that lh fit ure wore ia little "reen plash cap, faC t IIned wit a 'w.?l d pin that gleaniird in the cold S.li sit of the Imoenr u. Bt Iore than theIs, in the careless, d.bder intir grace wllth which ihe figure roeinded thlat dr'adful turn, there was soimrthing wildly familiar, which increased the beatin± of iofy heart. Again I involun tarily l'stened for the crash on the rocks, but all was n -il .nt as itulfore. [ had no opportunity of speaking with Amy alone next morning, but; after lunch we found ourselves together for a moment. ' You were there again, last night ?' she said, looking into my eyes. ' Yes,' I answered ; ' the sight has a fascination for me-I can't keep away.' ' What is the fascination ?' shie asked, a strange smile hovering over her lips. ' A peculiar resemblance to you, Amy,' I said, in as low and tender a tone as I could assume ; ' I couldn't tell what it wa< at frst, but now I know.' She turned pale, and her lips trem bled. I was aiout to take her hand, whien Dl)ick rushed in. ' Oh Hal !' he cried, ' my tyre's blown oat, and I've -got to be at the cricket n chiii at IR ssvaie in half-an-hour.' ' Take my machine. then,' I said, im patiently, and with a word or two of thanks he rushed away. But lie had succieded in spoiling a very tender little scene, and 1 did not exactly bless him. Amy had gone to the piano, and was playing something very sparkling. She st'opp d suddenly, and said ' You will go again to-night, then ?' I saw that slie knew I would, so I did not reply. "It will be vnur Inst. time,' phe said, with another of her strange smiles ; ' the. moon will not he up till ttwele to-mor row night, and your ghost never rides after that hour.' TheIn she crashed out chord after chord, and I saw that it was no use renewing my tendiT speeches. That evening I ex:mmin,,d nmy machine, and in tightening the cotter-pin on the chiainii sid, I put in unnecess:;ry force and olf came the nut. I threw down thi spanner impatiently, and left the bicycle as it was. Whe:i the tinme arrived, I w?-s ready, waiting for the phantom to hippear. 1 was not disappointed ; bit this time a terrible variation took' place. As the rider came opposite to where I sat, there was an omin.us sound. The crank and sprocket-wheel came off, the chair .a: twisted am nmg the spokes, the machine gave a sudden turn, and there was a shriek from the ' ghost' as she was pre cipitated into the low shrubbery that bordered the nath. I rushed forward, and picked up the insensible form. It was Amy. This was the end of their practical joke--her's and Dick's. The story of EIlith Wells' death was a pure inven tion. That young lady had married a worthless fellow, which was the reason her adoptive parents did not Wish to hear her name spoken. The conspirators had at first intended to ' play ghost ' but ti,e once, but whnn. Amy found I was in love with her and at the same time fascinated by ihe supposed pbantom, it amused her to be her own rival. Dick's b'cycle being disabled, she took mine, unaware that the cottar-pin was br,,ken. And why, it may be asked, was she not dashed to pieces on the stones at the Ford ? Simply because there was a hid den path into which she turned, and on which she had a level-run of about four hundred yards. I must not forget to explain that the black hair was a wig, which Dick had borrowed from a friend of his in the townslhip. - Amy was not hurt by her fall. The shrnbbery saved her. As Mrs. Harold Fenton, Amy no longer plays practical jokes on unsus pecting visitors, and she always walks clown steep hills. 