Conflict and Conquest. CHAPTER II. IN THE GROTTO. ' LET US come to tho window, Fleckya,' said Mrs. Beeson, when it was decided that the latter should tell her story. It was a still night. The deep blup of that southern sty was studded with a myriad stars that flashed with that rare brilliance peculiar to warmer climes. A tender, timid-looking, crescent moon shone palely ainid the brighter stars, looking like the shy, half-averted face of a retiring girl. All was very quiet without. The only sounds that broke the stillness were the soft murmurings of the waters of the almost tideless Mediterranean as they lapped the beach fifty or a hundred yards away, and the dim hollow bay of some bound away out at sea, probably on board some anchored or passing yacht. Through the open window the warm breath of the sultry night came up laden with the mingled odour of many flowers. There was light enough to show the beauty of the broad-leaved fig trees, and dark, handsome myrtles as they sil houetted sharply against the lighter opening behind. 1 Like apples of gold in pictures of silver' literally did the golden oranges show themselves framed amid the clusters of their silver-like blossoms. The view from the window was weirdly beautiful. The deep-hued, silent waters of the sea with here and there a faint reflection of some heavenly light or star or wavering shimmer from the pale young moon, Btretched away and away until the rising waterline and the deep violet, almost blue-blaok, skyline joined hand* and the two became one to the naked eye. What looked like a long, huge, but tapering-bodied boa-constrictor of foul, dull blaelc hue, drifting across the bluer heavens presently resolved itself into a cloud of villainous smoke from the funnel of a distant steamer. Nearer shore, at two separate points, two gleaming eyes-one crimson and one green-shone with dull, moving distinctness, whera two smaller oraft showed, the one her starboard the other her port light. It was amid such beauty as this that the two women sat down hand in hand by the open window of the guest cham ber of the Villa de Mignon, and Mrs. Beeson commenced her story. 1 My father was a military man, who for many years oocupied a very impor tant Government position in India. My mother was the daughter of an Anglo Indian judge, and I was the first-born of the family, and first opened my eyes to the light of day in India. I grew up, as other parents of English children grow, "craggy, and spare," my father used laughingly to Bay. Then the time came that, with my two sisters and with a favourite ayah for an attendant, I was Bent to England to be educated. I re turned to India when nearly nineteen, and then began the gayest round of pleasures I had ever known. My love of the world and its seducing, unsatis tying joys grew madder and madder, I almost begrudged the time when sleep or withdrawal from the fierce tropical heat of India's day compelled me to be absent from the giddy whirl.' ' Then a year after my return to the oountry, I met a young Englishman, a captain in one of the best regiments, and for the first and only time learned »hat it was to love. I hid flirted shamefully -at least, it appears thus to me now with many of the young men whom I had known during that first year, but there was not one of them for whom I had ever felt the faintest breath of real regard. But I think from the first hour that I saw my Ralph I loved him, and as he afterwards told me, his own ex perience was the same as mine. Within three months of our first meeting we were formally engaged, and henceforth life for me meant nearness to my lover. I still attended all the various gatherings, social and otherwises,, to which I had been wont to go, for I always met Balph at these places, but the pleasures them selves lost all their charm if Balph was not- there. I remember how often, when aloQe, I caught myself singing.: " What made the ball to fine? Robin Adair. What made the assembly shine t Robin Adair. What when the play was o'er. What made my heart so sore ? Oh ! it was parting with Robin Adair." Fleckya sighed, and all unconsciously to herself pressed the hand of Mrs, Beeson as though she would silently say, ' Ab I bow well I know that experience.' Bending forward, Mrs. Beeson pressed a warm kiss upon the cheek of the fair girl. Then, without remarking on the heavy sigh, she continued her recital. 'We had been engaged nearly six months, and douhtleaa merited the name we earned in society-'Spoons,' when an event happened that was destined to change the whole course of my life, and to-well, I will not forestall things, but just tell you what occurred and how. I was spending a little time with some friends among the hills, and one morn ing, early, was in the garden with the three daughters of the house. We were all talking and laughing together and having a very merry time of it, when suddenly a strange nondescript kind of figure stood before us. ilis dress W&b; half clerical, half civilian, but it was evident that he was almost utterly care less about his personal appearance. It was clear that he was well known to my three girlfriends, for they addressed him by name and introduced me to himi. 1 1 The moment he opened his mo uth 11 perceived that he was either German or Dutch. ' I vas vary clad to meet yoa, Mees Gordon,' he said. 1 While he was speaking I caught a glimpse of the faces of my three friends, and read sufficient to prove to me that they, for some reason best known to themselves, regarded the Gorman a>s a kind of mad eccentricity, from whose company they would only be too glad to escape at the first opportunity. But for th& Grst few minutes there seemed no opportunity for this, and all the time the missionary, for such he was, was talking more gravely than I had ever before heard a man talk. 11 do not know bow they managed it, but presently my three friends slipped away and left me alone with the mis sionary. At first I did not nptice their absence, so engrossed was I with the talk of the German. But when he sud denly glanced around and Baid, with a little sad smile, " Ah, de Miss de Limeys haf runned avay from me, but dey cannot run avay from Gott, from de trufe," it was then that I discovered that I was left alone with this strange man, who, in spite of his eccentric appearance and grave words, seemed to fairly fascinate me, to hold me as with a mesmeric power. I know to-day, dear Fleckya, that this power was that of the Holy Ghost Who dwelt in him. ?Close by where we were standing was a beautiful natural grotto of rock, fitted with seats and a table. The German missionary said, 'See, Mees Gordon, here is a nice leetle rcst-place, vere de sun vill not scorch you, and vere ve can haf the leetle talk, if you do not moocb object," ? I had no power, it seemed to uie, to object. I wanted to hear hiB words, yet I somehow feared them; but as to bowing and saying, " Pardon me, I must return to the house," the thought never once entered my head. 'We entered the grotto and took seats. There was a sudden silenoe, and I looked across inquiringly at my com panion, His head was bowed, his Hps were moving, his features were working as though he was silently agonising in prayer. This was the fact; he was pray ing to be made a blessing to me. ' It is strange how often in the mo mentous crisis of our lives our eyes and our minds fly off at a tangent from the great matter before us-to some appa rently trivial thing. It was so with me at that moment, my heart was greatly moved at the sight of this man in prayer, yet as I lifted my eyes and glanced out on to the garden my mind became sud denly engrossed with the movement of a i pair of bumming birds. My mind, thus 1 diverted from the praying man at my side, flitted rapidly from objeot to object upon whioh my eye lighted, while crowds ; of new thoughte^lled me, suggested by ] the life and tieauty of all before me. For that garden was really like a bit of paradise. ' A little bright-eyed lizard ran down < the Bide of the rook entrance, and paused | within six inohes of my faoe and ex- , amined me inquisitively. I put out my | finger for bim to run upon, but lie 1 turned and fled a yard away, then 1 paused and looked baok at me. ' Pretty ( littie fellow,' I said, speaking unconsci ously aloud. ' " And as goot as he is pretty !" said the voice of the German at my elbow. , ' I turned to meet his sad* earnest eyes fixed upon me. " Why do you say that the little thing is as good as it is pretty, Mr. Gervaoh f" I asked. 1" Because it does do naturally vats mens and vomens never do naturally I" tie replied. ' " How do you mean ?" I asked again. ' " I means dat all de tings iu Nature vich Gott haf made do vot He made dem for-dey does Gott's will." '" And do not men and women do this also!" I pursued. 1" Alash I no, dey does not. Haf not Gott himself said dat 1 de ox know hisli owner, and de ash hish master's crip, but dat Hish people doth not know, never does consider Him.' Do you for de instance, Mess Gordon, do you know and serfe Gott. Do you iofe and serfe Him I Tink what He haf done for you. You vas ruined by de fall, and for to SBfe you from de seoend deafe qf Eternal separation from Gott, He came down to dis earth Himself in the Person of Hish Shun, Jesus Christ, and pore your shins in Hish own pody on de cross, dat you might pe saved from wrath and bell, and might lif in holiuess and righteousness all the daysh of your life, and might thus rheflect His image ou dis earth.' ' I think, Fleokya, I could not have been more astonished had the earth sud denly opened in a wide gulf at my feet, or if the Bky had parted and nn angel visitant had suddenly dropped from the aerial fissure and spoken the words which this sad-eyed Get man missionary bad done. I 1 He had paused a moment in his | speech. He Was looking eagerly into my face. There was, in the whole aspect I of the man, such a desperate earnestness as I have never seen but once besides on the face of any man The other case wa£ the look in the eyes of the cock swain of a lifeboat on our English coast, who was steering his crew on a desperate life-errand. 11 need not detail, dear Fleckya, all that he said to me, but there is one thing which I love to think of, and to emphasise, that is, that in ten minutes this man whom I had never seen before, and whose whole personal appearance was against him, did for me and my soul what all the sermons I had ever heard had failed to do-brought me face to face with my true position before God. ' I suppose I had always known in a kind of abstract way that I had a soul that must live for ever. But as he, like another Paul, reasoned with me of righteousness and judgment to come, I, like Felix, trembled. But I did more than tremble, I cried out in real soul anguiBh, " Oh 1 what muBt I do to be saved ?" 'Tank Gott!' he said, fervently. 1 Tank Gott I Mees Gordon, dat you vaB cry dat prayer, for it is sho true dat: . "All de fitness He requirelh Iah lo feel your need of Him." And now you vas veol your need of de salvation, He vill Boon come to you.' ' We knelt together in that grotto, Fleckya, and with the Word of God in his hand, and in strange, quaint, broken English he fihowsd me Gbd's wondrous love in Christ Jesus, and how simply tin soul could, if it would, take the greai salvation provided. ' Mo one came near the place to die turb us. I was alone with God and Hii angel of . the day. My soul seeme< closed to every thought save the need o the moment; I believed God's word as i was shown to me, and it was accountec unto me for righteousness. I rose fron my knees saved, and though I have hat heaps of doubts about myself since, 1 have never doubted God or the work o His grace for me and in me from thai hour to this. (To it Continued.) 