"in1 A Lady Who was Buried Alive. : A VERY. curious story .is told in. tho.-north-. wost of Somersetshire concerning n ; lady's who. ?-./> lies buried in St. Decnman's Ohnrch,'situated between Williton und Wntcliet; Sir William ' Wyndham, i who died in ? October,, 1683,* mar-' nod Frances, the daughter .of Anthony.Hwn- . gerford, of (Fairley ¡Castle. . They: lived ?. happily together in tho old- manor; house of > Kentsford.. , Sovnval sons and daughters, were Ut hörn, to I hem, and then, much to the grief of her lord, the lady fell ill, and apparently . died. Sho was put into a coflln, carried .up the hill side, and laid in tho family, vault in St. Decnman's Church, hesido , another - ; knightly Wyndham who had died several . years previously. Tho mourners returned to the now desolate home, ate the funeral balee-; , meats, drank the consoling cup. and retired; to rest. At midnight the sexton, one Willv Attewell, might have boen seen creeping stealthily ulong the northern aisle of. the church. Ho had u lantern in ono hand ¿nd' :" a chisel and file in tho other. Proceeding tb the Wyndam vault he forced open the lid of . j tho collin, which had boen deposited there à j few hours before, and the feeble light froni tho lantern fell on the pallid face of Lady Wyndham. Her thin, white hands "wera crossed over her breast, and on the fingers ? gleamed tho jewelled gifls of her loving hus hnud. At the sight of these the sexton's eyes'sparkled with delight, nnd he began to remove them from her tapering fingors. 'One by one they slipped oil the fingers, but 'a beautiful diamond ring, the choicest gem the lady wore, refused to leave the'had of its dead mistress. The sexton took- up his file, nnd began to cut through the circle of gold. As he did so tho file grated on tho flesh', and ' I a drop of blood oozed out.. How .strange . i that a corpse should bleed! Then the hand ¡- - j was slowly withdrawn from his grasp, and ' the lady sat upright in her collin. The'sex- ?'. ton gave a shriek of terror and fled. Reub's i \ng what had happened, Lady Wyndham sprung ont of her coffin, took up the lantern which the sexton in his terror had left behind ?>'.' him, and ran to her old home. The family, had retired, but the noise eventually aroused r ti maid servant, who lookedoutof the window*, .' und then ran shrieking through tho house, " My lady's ghost is at the door !" Sir Wil liam was awakened, wont to the window and.' looked out. " Oh, William ! William ! open; quickly, for I am ' very cold," plaintively A pleaded the upturned face. "In the'name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy 'Ghost," : ? ho replied, " I adjure thee, Ü poor ghost, why . troublest thou me?" ' " Oh,William ! VV il liani !" sobbed the white-robed figure,' " I am no ghost, but your own trno wife^alive'an'd .' in the flesh. Open, William, dear, : or' I -- perish with the cold." With a great cry the VJ astonished husband ran downstairs, unlocked^ the door, thiew his-arms around" the breath ing form of Lady Frances, and carried her to her room. There ho learnt the means of her .': revival, and how it had boen brought about.'. Lady Wyndham, so strangely rescued from a living tomb, recovered health rind strength, : .' and lived nw ny years in the happiest union with her husband. In St. Decnman's Church v.v the tomb of Sir William Wyndham may be, soon,- with figures upon it which are pointed ?. out in confirmation of the story. ?<?.?. fuwe^.-v; 