LITERARY NOTES. (FROM OCR BPIiOIAL CORRESPONDENT.-) LONDON,. 8tb October. Authors like prophets have seldom much honor in their own country— or, perhaps, it should be written county. Even that amaz ing person, Jerome K. Jerome, is no ex ception to this rule. Recently lie gave a lull-vest homo supper to his peasant neigh bors in the vicinity , of liis new place in Ox fordshire, uud afterwards the local parson proposed the. host's health. Mr. Jerome re plied. unctuously. Two of Hie guests were presently overheard to urguc as to what made Mr: Jerome famous. "He writes books," said one, definitely. "No, lie don't," was the contemptuous retort; "he .rowed three men in a boat nnd then won the race. That's what lie done." Mr. Owen: Seaman, , who succeeds E. J. Milliken as "Punch's" private poetjenino to tlio front first ns a parodyist in tlio "Na tional Observer.',', He was one -of the few discoveries of Mr. Henley's successor in the editorial .chair of tlmt journal, rind also did good work for the "World" over tlie signa ture, "Nnuticus." None of you wlio read it are likely to have, forgotten liis burlesque of Davidson's famous "Ballad of a Nun," called "The Ballad of a Bun." I don't know a cleverer' or, a more .penetrating" parody anywhere. This and other of Seaniun's gobd tilings will be. found reprinted' in "The- Battle of. the! Bays,"- published by Jno. Lane. - ; Mention of Henley reminds mo Hint a re vised edition, of liis poems,' embracing- 'nil - 'Hint is best' in tlio "Book of Verses" uud "London Voluntaries," will be issued be fore Christinas, by David Null. Since Hie little daughter and only child—to whom lie wus passionately, attached — died sonic years ago, W. E. Henley's' muse seems to liavo withered. At least, if ho ' lias written many poems they, haven't been published. For this tlie world is distinctly the poorer." Men, especially young men, glory in Hen-, ley's verse. Kipling read, marked, learned und inwardly - digested it to some tune. ' In all his best- things one can trace tho inllu- enee of "William-Ernest Henley. The latter of course was the -first to' realise the power of: the "Barrack Room Balluds," and to offer,. them sanctuary ' in " his columns. , lu return -'Kipling became, aud still remains, the -older poet's devoted admirer, Tho idea, for" "The Finest Story ill the World," which many consider his most successful imaginative effort, was based on one of IIeuicy'8 "Echoes," beginning Or ever the knightly years were gone With liie old world (o the grave, I was a king in Babylon, And you were a Christian slave. The first volume ot Chas. Haddon Spur- geon's , Autobiography, compiled from; diaries, letters end other records by his wife and' private secretary (Mr. Hat-raid),.' will be .published -early in December in a. half-guinea volume. Ill order, however, to bring it within reach of tlie narrower 11011- eomfonnist, purses, the book, will- nlso be issuedlin shilling monthly parts of 48 pages, eaeli commencing next January. Volume 1 deals with Hie famous pastor's life from childhood (1834) to 1854, and contains the stoi-y of his progress ."through- much tribu lation" to conversion. Chapters aro also de voted to Spurgcon's early religious impres sions, -to his' experiences after conversion, to liis life at Cambridge, and adventures ns a Boy I'leiiclier in Hie fens to liis Iirst essay ns-a soul-winner, and finally to the commencement of his pastorate at New Bark-street Chiipel in London. The editors furnish a lengthy preface of introduction, of which the following is Hie iirst paragraph: — "The publication of this work carries out a plan loiig ago formed by Air. Spurgcoii. In the occasional intervals of comparative leisure that lie was , able to snatch from his busy life's labors— nnd mainly in tlie bright- sunshine at.Mentone — lie recorded many -of Hie principal incidents of his won derful career.- As each one was completed' lie used joyfully to exclaim, "There's an- olheip chapter for.- my; autobiography,' . uinl itad lie been spared long, eiiougli; lie would doubtless -liavc given to the church -und the world a full account! of his life- as it ap peared from his own; standpoint. .This lie lias virtually done frqm the- commencement, of his public ministry, though' not in 'Hie connected ' form .in -. which it is now issued. His . preaching wus always so .largely. / illustrated- -from , his per sonal experience that his true bio graphy; is delightfully enshrined in the whole series of." his sermons, while 'his own. magazine,' — "The Sword und the Trowel' — was confessedly autobiographical during "the entire period of his unique edi torship. .His 'many other published works ubuutid in allusions to the Lord's gracious dealings with -hiinj and these are now for the first lime gathered together into a con tinuous narrative. .-The record is given en tirely in Air.; Spurgcon's own words, except here and there where on explanatory sen tence or two liad to be. inserted, 'or. where letters, written to -him and references' made by others to the - incidents he described seem to' he necessary to Hie completeness of the history-" Air." Hai-rald disclaims hav ing ; been Spurgeon's Boswell, but admits ' - he - often made notes . of interesting" '-/conversations ho heard. ."When,'' lie told an' interviewer the other day, "I used -to- 'go -to Alentoue with Air. Spnrgeon ; for several -weeks or months of every year, ho often took occasion, to write u-chaptor of autobiography. Some of these have been published, but others were never seen except by himself and mo. It often happened/ tod,- that friends staying at the hotel, or at a villa, to which we -were in vited, would ask him to recount some inci dents of liisTife. -I remember one occasion on which four canons'w'ero .aiming his audi: ence. Air.- Spurgeon used to tulle,, and I carefully rioted dowri'what lie said.- At Hie Pastors' College, : too, ho would often give a chapter of autobiography, and there I. wus always with liini: Or again, as we drove home from "the Tabernacle after 'service, some incident would-eome back to liim in u flash of memory. Air. Spurgeon- used to col lect everything about himself Hint appeared in Hie newspapers. At Westwood there are some 59 volume's 'of cuttings, letters, &c.; He - meant, tb. use these ultimately in the preparation -of liis life, for there is' ho doubt that until nearly the end he hoped to 'reach a good old age, and to gather together ull ilie records' of his busy career." " It took the. discriminating Britisli public 19 years to discover Air. Hugh SeoLt, or, us he prefers to bd culled; "Henry- Sctou Aler- riman,"- but now his merits are 'exploited tliey. read ' inm : vigorously. ; Sixteen large editions of "The Sowers'' have been sold in ns many .months,' and- "In Kedar's Tents" is tlie new novel of .Wic season. When read ing "Flotsam" I was' half afraid success' might not -agree with Air. Alerrinian. Bn t 1 "lu Kedar's Tents" lias entirely dissipated' that doubt. -Like "With Edged "Tools," 'it is-'a capitally - constructed story; brightly and graphically, told. Air. Alerriman's men arc, pearly always good; : in This novel tliey arc excellent. .The'- narrative begins briskly enough .-with' a. Chartist riot, in tlie course of/ which, a foolish yoimg fellow, Geoffrey Horner, accidentally ' kills the only aud dearly loved, son of .a fumous barrister, Sir John I'leydell. The row occurs in Hie dark, and no one can be 'sure who struck the blow. Horner confides his danger to liis friend, Frederick -Conyngham, and the latter, an easy, liuppy-go-lucky young fellow/hungering for adventure, proposes to divert suspicion by bolting abroad h'imself. He makes for Spain, and takes service with General Yin- cento against the Curiists. Hardly lias he arrived than, an act of purest chivalry in volves the 'Englishman in a web of intrigue, suspicion and conspiracy. Circumstances make him seem a traitor to both sides, and yet his frieudH qannot believe him false. After being .stabbed in Hie back, Conyng ham recovers, ' and readies Aradrid. There iie finds Sir John Plcydoll, wlio lias pursued his son's supposed murderer, witli the idea of kidnapping him and conveying hiin back to England and Hie gallows. In an excellent scene Sir John confides liis intentions to General Vmeente's A.D.C. — not, of course, knowing who. lie is/and Conyngham replies by huudmg out his card. AVliat follows it would not be fair to relate. Suffice it to add excitement piles on excitement, and the story ends with a scries of thrilling scenes. Airs. Ohphnnl's nqvel, "The Lady Walk," was written (or rather, I should sav, dic tated) -when the cancer fiend lmd already had her in liis clutches, and to com- pare it with her other work would be un fair. It is, liowever, a- readable ghost story, nnd liad it come from a less eminent hand we should probably have praised tlie talc! Airs. Oliplumt's "Alqmoivs of the Ilouso of Blackwood" will be next Tuesday. These two volumes were written and partly revised by tlie dear lady before her fatal illness, and tliey bring the story of the Blackwood House and of "Ataga" down to tlie death of Alajor Blackwood, in 1861\. Tlie titles of Boriio of Hip chapters— The Tales of Al'y Landlord, The Alagazinc, John Gibson Locklinrt, Christopher North, The Ettrick Shepherd, William Alaquimi, Coleridge, Do Quinccy— indicate the scope of volume!; while in volume 2, in addition to an account: of later., contributors, sueli as Stimucl Warren, Alison, Douglas Jcr- roM, Bulwor Lytton, George Eliot, The bio grapher tells of The . personal and domestic life of the Blackwood family, most of whom she knew well. "lily ilcnr Ranji, — More cricket and less jaw,". This, .1- regret to say, is alleged to be the: British boy's reply to tho highly edifyiug epistle from the Indian batsman to English youth in The- current "Windsor Magazine."' I confess I sympathise. entirely with , it. Ranji on cricket will always be lis tened to witli deference; but Ranji .on the high Iiorse enunciating moral platitudes is a bore. Personally, too, I consider the adora tion of the athlete overdone in England ; nowadays, :lt soaks our rising generation through and Through. Andrew Lang, who declares— - "To mc the meanest ball that's bou-icd can give Thoughts Unit too often lie too deep for tears." gives a felicitous .instance of this. He says;— A little girl wiis lately observed to 'wear an Aspect of solemn oy at breakfast, which she 'ate in silence. "What's the matter, Jenny?" said her- father;, "you seem to liavo something on your mind." "Don't you know, what day it is?" replied ihe little maid, "It is Atlewell's-birtliday!'' "Sheila Al'Leod," Guy Boothby's last, is a short and 'unpretentious -story of the South Australian back-blocks, 'which re minds one on every puge' of "Robbery Under Arms." Tho hero, Jem Ileggarstou, is own brother to Jem Alarston, of Boldrc- wood's famous romance, and liis misadveu- tui es witli Whispering Pete bcur a remark able family likeness to some of those oE That hero with Starlight. No doubt, how ever, both authors dre.w llieir inspiration from Hie Eame upcounlry legends. Tlie chief objection I have to "Sheila. Al'Leod'' is its price. Six shillings for a tale of Hie length and quality of ail ordinary shilling shocker- can .only be pronounced a mon strous imposition. The trick happens to bo one nn increasing number of publishers are playing, and it is quite time somebody protested. We don't want to buy novels by weight, and a book needn't bo us long as "The Christian" to be worth Gs. But in bookselling, as in oilier things, an appear- anee of fair value should at least bo given. For Gs. one expects more - tliun leads and large type. Air. Boothby is most likely blameless; probably lie sold tlio story out and out and had no say in the form oE publication, but 'lis his reputation will suffer. .Tlio feelings of country folk who send for "Sheila Al'Leod," naturally expect ing to.got a yarn of at least the length of "Dr. Nikola" or "A Bid for Fortune" (published at 5s. each), can be imagined. At Hie outside, 3s. Ud. should have been the biggest- price usked. Tlie really wise course, however, would, have been to adopt a catchy title and. issue the tale in a picture cover at Is. or 2s. Tlio admirers oE "Nikola," who belong to 'the 6d. rather Hum the 0s. public, would then have rushed in their hundreds of thousands to buy it, and we slioiild liavo seen bookstall counters , piled high with the story for months "to; come. Jii its . present .form, the trade will, maiiy of Hicin, leave it alone altogether. 