THE ORDINATION SERVICE. On Monday evening last, an Ordination Service was held in the Ce itenary Hall. There was a good attendance. After the singing of a hymn and prayer by the Rev. R. Bavin, tne Secretary (the Rev, W. H. Rogers) presented the Rev. H. E. Andrews, the only candidate for rpv,,. w — 1 ? 1, wjLvxxi_iauj.uii. j.iic xicv. uiiuics tv uumuu^u cailed npon Mr. Andrews to give a brief account of his conversion, his call to preach, and his present Christian ex perience. The Rev. H. E. Andrews related his experience, and said his probation had not been uneventful, for twice God had. snatched him from death. The President reaa the form of service provided. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered to the candi date, the laying on of the hands took place, the usual questions w-?re asked and answered, after which the exPresi dent, the Rev. W. G. Taylor delivered, the following charge :? — ORDINATION CHARGE, Centenary Hall, Sydney, By Rev. W. G. TAYLOR, Ex-President op the N.S.W. Conference, Monday, Maech 8th, 1897. Dear Brother, — I very warmly con gratulate you upon the successful com pletion of your probation. No Church guards more jealously the entrance into the Christian ministry than does our own. Think of it fur a moment. First, you were allowed to exercise your gift as 'an exhorter' by the special per mission of your minister. Then by direct voce of a meeting of local preachers you commenced a period of trialaslocalpreacher. That terminatedin the safe-guard of a trial sermou, a public examination, and a distinct vote of your brethren. From that step you advanced, to the position of candidate for this holy ministry. At the very threshold, the whole Church, in the persons of its official representatives, voted as to your suitability. From thence you went before the synod of your district, and trial sermon and difficult examinations again were faced. Successful here, you were passed on to the Connexional Committee of Examination, who sub jected you to still more searching tests as to piety, aptitude for our work, and. knowledge of our theology and polity. At the ensuing Conference your case was carefully investigated, and by direct vote of that Conference you were received as a probationer. For four years you have beetii watched over and trained and examined, over and over again, both as to general knowledge and as to preaching power. These protracted tests all culminating in the final vote, after examination, of your brethren in this Conference. By a vote that must have been gratifying to you, you have been received to the full work of the Christian ministry, and solemnly set apart, by ordination, to the full res ponsibilities and privileges of a minister of Christ. My brother, in the name of Christ I welcome you as one of us, and pray that the spirit of your noble father, better still, the Spirit of your father's Christ, may rest upon you from this solemn night. My last official act, in vacating g the responsibilities of the Chair of this Con ference is to deliver to you what is known in the phraseology of our Church as a 'Charge.' I may possibly be found digressing somewhat from beaten tracks. In place (Continued on j-age 10). CContinued from page 7.) of a detailed survey of the privileges and responsibilities of your future, I prefer giving you one thought — that I pray God may act as a noble inspiration to you in the laying out of your life's plan. That thought you will find expressed in Acts v., 41-42-' And they departed from _ ? _ r _ r\ ? :i ? one presence oi tne \juuuuu, rujuiumg that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for His name. And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and to preach Jesus Christ.' The great truth demonstrated in this Scripture is the power of sanctified ENTHUSIASM. These men were the Apostles of the Lord, and as such, we, you, stand in very intimate and direct relationship with them. I claim that you, ordained this day by the imposition of our hands, are as literally in the Apostolic succes sion as was ever Bishop or Priest of either the great Eastern or Western Churohes. Pray never forget that! xnese acts oi tne aposues are cnieny oi value to us as furnishing a divinely appointed ideal of the true Christian Minister's character and service. Ex actly in proportion as we reach that ideal are we in the true succession. No laying on of hands, no Episcopalian, or other benediction, can ever make you a true minister of Christ, without there be joined therewith THE TRUE APOSTOLIC SPIRIT which from the first, chiefly found ex pression in a Holy enthusiasm that gathered its inspiration from passionate love for the person of Jesus Christ. I want you to weigh well that fact. I repeat it : — I. ' The enthusiasm of these men was one that gathered rounda person for His name.' Enthusiasm in itself is not necessarily a blessing. The darkest deeds of earth have been dene by enthusiasts. It all UJ^U-U U-UtJ Ui-LttjLUjUUUl. ui out) force from whence the fire has been enkindled. Byron uttered but a truism when he wrote : — ' What is enthusiasm, what can it be, But thought enkindled to a high degree ; That may, whatever be its ruling turn, Eight, or not right, with equal ardour burn, That, which concerns us, therefore is to see What species of enthusiasts we be.' My brother, my prayer for you is that you be an enthusiast. You had ML VUUVVJL gU fcU JLU. U1 l/U following the plough for a living, rather than settle down to be simply a cold, respectable, ordinary, unimpassionate, humdrum minister. The world has little place for more of such. But as an enthusiast, I would have you catch the fire where these men caught it. For a moment, consider two pictures* It is a peculiar fact, that although the apostles were easily drawn by the moral attractiveness of Christ, to give up their worldly pursuits in order to become His personal followers, yet during His lifetime, they never caught the en thusiasm of their Master. For three years they were His daily companions. They saw His absolute self abnegation, they listened to His words of burning indignation as he lashed the Pharisees of. His day. They watched the effects of II is words of hope upon the masses who' everywhere crowded His pathway. They were the privileged audience to whom He opened the secrets of His heart and revealed the mysteries of His kingdom. And yet, as the Americans tersely put it — they never ' Caught on.' They were cold, phlegmatic men. 1o the end of the chapter. If it were possible to misunderstand Christ, they did misunderstand Him. Their little petty naughtinesses must have been a continual thorn in His side to the very last day of His life. And yet now we behold these same men all but mad with en thusiasm. Fearing neither priest nor Sanhedrin, they abandon them selves with a sublime indifference as to consequences, to the heroic task of subduing Palestine for their new found King. Probably not three months have passed since the mournful tragedy of Calvary, and already we have seen these man twice in prison. We are charmed by the glowing eloquence of the forgiven Peter, as he flings into the teeth of Ananias, and Caiaphas, and John and Alexander, the crime of having murdered the peerless Jesns, and fills them with a perfect paralysis of fear as he boldly preaches the hated doctrine of the resurrection (read Acts iv. 10-12). We follow these men, as all aglow with enthusiasm, they hasten to their com panions. Utterly iguoring the high priests' threats, they tell the story of their trial ; and then follows a scene that baffles description, one that is un paralleled in the history of Christianity (read Acts iv. 28, 27-81). And so the fire burns ! Confounded by their zeal, and alarmed at the possible consequences of their teaching, the members of the Sanhedrin are resolved upon one final effort to close their mouths for ever. The story is given in' this fifth chapter. The stratagem of the priests ; the deliverance from prison by the angel's touch ; the horror of the rulers ; the holy boldness of the conse crated band ; the determination of the court to proceed to extreme measures, only frustrated by the skilful intervention of Gamaliel; the cruel scourging of the backs of the apostles ; all culminating in the scene of the text — a fire, that went on burning until it reached its climax m scenes that led to the utterance of the historic cry of the Thessalonian rabble : ' Those that have turned the world upside down are come hither also.' — Acts xvii. 6. Whence obtained these men this fire ? This marvellous transformation, this spiritual reconstruction. Whence came it ? Brother, may you obtain it ; may I. I want you never to forget that it was Pentecost that revealed Christ to these'men. Up to Whitsunday morning they were timid, doubtful, ordinary. The ' cloven tongues like as of fire ' that touched them, the Holy Ghost that filled them. That made the difference. By that they were transformed. By the magic touch of the Divine hand, these men at once were ennobled, en thused with a amuTTTTAT. TWViArm tvyd/tip that thrilled through every nerve, and once and for all, led them to consecrate to ' His Name ' every power of their being. My Brother, — Have you had your Pentecost ? Without it, one word will describe your ministry — 'Failure.' I was never more profoundly convinced than I am this day, that the difference between Ministers — between the suc cessful and the failures — is not the difference of education, or of training, or of temperament, or of aptitude. Oh, my Brethren, I beseech you, let us honestly face the New Testament fact — let us be willing to confess the/ truth, — the difference between success and failure is exactly the difference between Pentecost and no Pentecost. Young man, God forbid that I should mislead you. I hold no brief this day for an uncultured Ministry. I have no desire to decry intellectual force, or all the neces sary endowments of study, industry and attention to all the minute details of a minister's profession. As you go along, you will need all your brains, all your books, alL your common-sense, all your application. Still I say this, that Pentecost will explain what no College curriculum, what no Quarterly Meeting balance sheets, what no ' Book of Methodist Laws has ever yet been able to demonstrate. Your foes are spiritual, and these never have been, and never can be, overcome by weapons that are merely intellectual or professional. The spirit of evil can only be destroyed by the overmastering spirit of goodness. Sin can only be conquered by grace. The thousand-fold powers of the devil can only be crushed by the enthused energies of the Holy Ghost, possessed by you as His messenger. This is my word to you this day — j HAVE YOU HAD YOUR PENTECOST ? If not, at the very threshold of your ministry, go and shut yourself in alone with God. Settle the question of your future. Fall upon your knees and listen ; it matters not how long : — Listen with eye fixed upon the living promise of Him who sits upon the mediatorial throne, listen, though duties press for attention, and your flesh cry out for weariness, listen day and night, week in, week out, if need be, listen until God speaks, and the Holy Ghost is revealed ; until there come from heaven a sound that will mean for you a happy crisis, a crisis that will open out for you. I will hot say necessarily, a life of brilliance, but certainly a life of power. And thus will be demonstrated your claim to work as a direct successor of these anostolie hemes. II. We have here an enthusiasm that raised these men above such petty personal complainings as too often act as a ban to a successful career. They ' 'rejoiced that they were counted worthy,' etc. Not one word, of complaint. Think of their position. They have been badly, even illegally treated, their backs are . raw from the cruel scourging ; an embargo has been laid upon their fcrvnOTms ? nn lnno-Avaro t.Tiuv -fcn cnoalr m ? ? D ? ? ' His name.' It is as if a cruel night blast from the North Pole had come upon the tender young plant, bidding fair to destroy all its fragrance, and to .wither up its beauty. But what care they ? They are nothing, their Master is everything. Their reputation, what of that so long as their Lord is exalted ? They have solved the problem about which we speak so glibly in class meeting, and sing of so unctuously in Christian hymns, but which few of us are prepared to act out. They are literally willing to become 'fools for Christ's sake.' Brother, at the threshold of your ministry, master this peerless truth. The true secret of success lies in the ienoriner. the crucifying of yourself. The New Testament Scriptures are full of this thought. It was Christ who set the world on to this new way of thinking: — ' Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall eay all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake, etc , (Matt., 5, 11). That marvellous man, the type of all that is best in the Christian minister, St. Paul, has emphasised the great truth here taught, ' And not only so, but we glory in tribulation also' (Rom. v. 3). Again, ' Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in perse cutions for Christ's sake.' It was this Christly enthusiasm that so completely possessed Paul and Silas in the filthy gaol at Philippi ; with feet fast in cruel stocks, and blood running from scourged shoulders, that 'at midnight they prayed and sang praises unto God, and the prisoners heard them.' A very unconventional proceeding this. I sup pose the correct thing would have been to send for a solicitor, and .seek the vindication of their character. That is generally the nineteenth century mode of proceeding. My young brother, there is a lesson for you just here. Be willing to leave your character to God. Rarely trouble to fight the battle of your reputation. Whatever you are, be not a complainer. Learn to face the sun rise. If somebody says you are no better than you should be, sit at ease. Be good : that is everything. You can then afford to leave all the rest. If the furniture in the parsonage is not all you | could wish it to be : the beds antide luvian fibre instead ot' cosy feathers, remember that gaol in Philippi, and think of the glorious Wesley lying on bare boards, studying astronomy through the broken roof, and calling out in the ? middle of the night as he tries to get rest by turning round, 'Thank God,. Sammy, I've got one side whole yet.' If, in some of your country appoint- _ ments, you are tempted to complain at the coarseness of the fare provided, tnins oi the same Wesley revelling m the fact that the blackberries were ripe when no house opened its door to give him his dinner. If some predecessor has given you a wrong impression about the condition of the members' roll, do not trouble to write to the Methodist ' about it. Do not complain. Count your mei'cies rather than your miseries. Don't spend your precious life flipping mosquitoes. Catch the spirit of these men, who so far from complaining at their unfortunate lot;. 'Went out from the presence of the Council rejoicing.' Remember the grand theology, and the bewitching poetry you will find in one of the hymns your fathers loved to sing : — 'The love of Christ doth me constrain Tn cost ? C . a.\J mc; IViVUUUllug BUIUB Ux U1UU , With cries, entreaties, tears, to save, To snatch them from the gaping grave. For this let men revile my name, No cross I shun, I fear no shame, All hail reproach and welcome pain ! Only Thy terrors, Lord, restrain.' , Remember also that had these blessed men been complainers, the Acts of: the Apostles never would have been written. III. But further, we have here an enthusiasm that not only filled them With - jujr in out* jLuiuou ui auutjnu^, u uu vvmiju. carried them further, and made them to realise that no greater honor could be conferred upon them than that they should thus be permitted to share with Christ in His dishonour.' I feel that I am here bringing you on to ground that is holy. In some of the Museumsof Europe I have seen specimens of pottery and of glass that it is not pos sible to reproduce. Their manufacture is a lost art. I fear me the Christian Church to-day furnishes counterparts to these Lost Arts ! As the ages have rolled round and customs and methods have changed, by the ever altering currents of thought ; or by the varying and pressing- - clamour for the new and novel ; we are in danger of leaving behind us some of the SECRETS OF POWER possessed in the Apostolic age. In few things do I see a more marked contrast between the 1st and the 19th centuries,, than in the attitude assumed on this question of suffering. We' don't like it. We prate about our sacrifices, we magnify our inconveniences. To us, quite a number of New Testament passages are but illustrations of a lost (Continued on page 15.) (Continued from page 10.) ( -art. We liave forgotten how to ' suffer ' .shame.' Where is the man among us who glories in his infirmiti s,'' in order ] ? that the power of Christ may re.-t upon 1 Jbim ? ( These men puzzle me. I have lost ( touch with them. I admire them at a * ? distance. 1 find it hard to grasp their 1 ^-spirit. ' A lost ait.' Look at it for a 1 ?moment, my brother Can you help us * to get it back ? Think of the heroic ^ \--spit it that led Paul to explain: 'Now £ ?thanks be to God which always causeth -us to triumph in Christ, aud maketh 1 manifi-sc the savour of H-s knowledge I ?by us in every place.' — 2 Cor. ii. 14. 1 That word 'always,' covering what Paul 1 refers to as the sacred ground of suffer- j ing ' for Christ's sake.' Listen again, ' he speaks of ' always bearing about in £ the body the dying of the Lord Je^us, ! that the life also of .Jesus might be : made manifest in our body. For we, j which live, are always delivered unto ' -death for Jesus' sake, that the life also c -of Jesus might be made manifest in our j mortal flesh.' — 2 Cor. iv. 10-11. And * yet further, in referring to his magmfi- , -cent prospects in the world, prospects j that he had cheerfully surrendered 'for ' ' Christ's sake,' he gives this as his * ? chief reason. ' That I may know Hiai, ' and the power of His resurrection, and 2 the fellowship of His sufferings, being made conformable unto His death.' — ? - Phil. iii. 10. And so he hands on the £ same privilege to others, to us, to you, . my young brother, ' For unto you it is .given, in the behalf of Christ, not only to 1 -believe on Him, but also to suffer for J His name.' — Phil. i. 29. Such was the spirit of these men. Never a word 1 -about ' good circuits ' or a parsonage 1 that is very comfortable. In theii e . -''reading of the stations,' there crops j up no word about the conveniences of the j family, or a thousand and one other things j ihat we worry about. If they ventured j .an opinion at all, I can imagine these | travelling preachers saying in their , Church Conferences, 'send us anywhere. ( The more suffering the better, only, let , us go forth unto Him, without the , ? camp bearing His reproach, and we j .are content.' I fancy I can hear the j ?echo of their voices as they fully grasp , the meaning of words like unto those -j we read at oar covenant service, but so , rarely live up to in our lives : — ' I put myself wholly into Thy hands ; put me j to what Thou wilt ; rank me with whom . Thou wilt ; put me to doing ; put me to . -suffering ; let me be employed for Thee ; . ?or trodden under foot for Thee ; let me : 1 be full ; let me be empty ; let me have .all things; let me have nothing; I freely ' .and heartily resign all to Thy pleasure , and disposal.' I have it laid on my heart to say, not alone to you my brother, but to all the .younger men of this ministry — Oh my ; brethren, aim at all this; at all costs , labor for this. Some of those who are ?the fathers of this ministry, some of us ? who are gradually creeping over the brow of life's hill, are realizing our .mistakes, and mourning over them with . many bitter tears. Oh, you show the ; people a more excellent way. Be more .spiritual than we have been. Grasp this spirit of sanctified enthusiasm, i And what will follow ? Whilst we have been able to slay but now one and now i another of the Lord's foes, to you will be given the honour of carrying the battle to the gate ; and thousands will \ -catch your enthusiasm; and thus will be demonstrated our right to live as a ?Church ; and thus will be solved, once ..and forever, the wearying worries of your official life as a minister called to proclaim this great Evangel. IV. Finally — We have here an en thusiasm that touched them at every point of the ordinary details of their ministerial life. 'And daily in the temple and in every house they ceased not to teach and. to preach Jesus Ohrist.' (verse 42.) Full of this ' holy fire ' away went .. .' these men to win converts, to instruct the ignorant, to proclaim the kingdom, ?to praise, to pray, to exhort ' in the temple,' to illustrate the Gospel in the home, to win little children, to iomfort old people, to cheer the worried louse-wife ' from house to house.' 1\. These mt-rr were preachers. 'To preach Jesus Christ.' Do not try to mprove upon apostolic methods. The loctrines that turned the world upside lown are good enough for you. Preach lesus Christ 1 am not in sympathy ivith the new 'up-to-date'' style of preaching that obtains among some of )ur brethren. The style that quotes Browning, or Emerson, or Ruskin, a jreat deal more than it quotes Jesus l!hrist, I te l you such preaching is pedantic and egostistical. The only preaching that really lives, is preaching ,hat from beginning to end, is saturated ,vith Christ. The wold smiles at the iffectations of the elaborate essayist, jut trembles and yields under the spell of the Nazareue. You are lothing but a messenger, what right lave you to dazzle the people with ireworks that do but make the good folk ihink ' What a clever man is the prea :her.' Hide yourself behind the Cross, ind never trouble about what people ihink of you. You have simply got to save men, and to save them for Christ, rhat is your worn. Now, pray remem ber my one point. You will need this iposiolic gift of sanctified enthusiasm in ihe pulpit if your words are to burn. If four congregations see Christ in the lash of your face, and hear Christ in four tongue, and feel Christ in your ippeals, they will be converted. i do not say burn all your old sermons, jut a fire stick in many of them will do aobody any harm. But old sermons or aew THEY MUST BE OX FIRE ! svith the story of Jesus Christ. Other wise, be their intellectual dressings ever so attractive, ihey will be fit only fur the jurning. A Presbyterian minister was iving with a Methodist aunt of mine. Be was of the old school. Oh, how he aboured at his sermons, and how dry ;hey were ! He became engaged to a ivarm-souled Methodist lady of my icquaintance, and married her. Contact svith ker made him restless about his style of preaching, and the morning of the wedding, he brought a bulky parcel to my dear old aunt. They were his sermons ; she was charged to destroy bhem. What to do with them the uear soul knew not. The conventional English grate would not burn them. At last she bound them together (she diii not even add a stone) and walking on to the bridge that spanned the river at the front of her house, she quietly dropped them over the side. Straightway they sank to the bottom. They were built upon the lines of the heavy Calvinism of olden days, and they have never been seen again to this day. But I pity the fishes ! But didn t that man preach afterwards ! And did not his congregation wake up ; and was he not a blessing ! He had caught something of the enthusiasm of these men. Perhaps there are some present who will take the hint !! (2) These men were Teachers, — ' And to teach Jesus Christ.' Every preacher is called to be a teaching John, as well as a proclaiming Peter. To become a true teacher you will have first to be a good learner. To speak well, you must first learn how to listen. To give out you must first receive. The Church has no room for empty drums. The world is intolerent of the common place. 'Ihe cry is for wells not tanks. Study hard. Make your 'den' the cosiest room in the house. Do not make the most prominent features thereof your carpenter's tools, or your garden seeds. Have your Bethel, your Holy of Holies, in one corner, and oft times resort thither. Fill your shelves with real books, and make everyone of them your friend. Go to the expeuse of a useful study chair that you can take from circuit to circuit with you. In that chair sit, think, brood, ruminate, listen ; and above all, that your teaching may be all powerful, hearken ever to the Master's voice as He speaks into your very soul the words ' Learn of Me.' 3\. ' In the temple.' The pulpit is your throne, but the prayer-meeting, the Bible class, the class- room, these are anti-chambers to that throne. Learn to use them well, to give out Christ in them all. There is sad need for sanctified en husiasm in the social means of grace. Brother, fire them tip Make these means so at tractive, so Christly that people will long for prayer- meeting or class-meet ng to come r.iund. That is the best solution of tue class- meeting difficulty I know of. 4\. 'In every house.' These were apostolic pastors as well as apos tolic preachers. There is no department of ministerial work that so sorely needs reorganising as this. You have probahy already found out i hat the people who complain most that the minister rarely visits them, are. not generally the people who long for you to preach Jesus Christ to them in their drawing rooms. Beware lest you fall into the trap that puts a premium upon 4 o'cIock teas, and tennis parties, and social evenings. Make these things but channels through which you mean to win for Christ those you meet. Take a living Christ with you iuto every houie yi-u enter; and whether always welcome or not, you will always be a blessing. Brother, lift the pastorate, I beg you. LIFT THE PASTORATE. Never forget a smile and a winning word for the little ones. Be a ' children's minister.' Remember that serving maids have souls. Speak personally j aud pointedly with the young men of the family ; if they are not in the homes seek for them elsewhere- Button hole for Christ and His Church, the heads of every household. Make your visit as a ray of sunshine Be a benediction in every house. Ever reach out to the higher meaning and the higher possibili ties of the pastoral office. ? ' In every house,' do not go three times to rich Mr. A. for once to poor, infirm old Mr. B. Partiality will kill your work. (5) If you consult your revised version, you will find another reading of these | words, ' And every day in the temple and at home, they ceased not,' etc. ' At home,' — your own home. 'Write deeply upon your soul Paul's admon itions to Timothy on this point. Be as good a man in your dining room as at tne sacamental table. That parsonage is the Lord's, keep it in healthy order. That furniture is consecrated, use it carefully. ' Cleanliness is next to Godliness.' Please put it a little nearer thereto than some have done. You will have infinitely more influence in winning your people for Christ if all in your own home are Christ's. ' Show piety at home.' (G) 'Daily.' Let all this be the habit of your life. Regularity, continuity, that is the idea. Some ministers are like a house on fire one day, and like exploded soda-water the n-xt. The thought here given is, work by rule, make a plan of your work, and keep to it. It is simply marvel ous how much more the orderly, methodical man will accom plish, and with how much less outlay of strength than the spasmodic man. And now, my dear brother, I leave you with these thoughts. I have aimed at giv ing you a word in season. I put you now in the Master's hands, and pray you never to forget that happiness, power, success in holy service, all gather around such a type of sanctified enthusiasm as is illustrated in this Scripture. I want that the mantle of these Apostles should rest upon you. You are in the same ministry. You found redemption at the same cross. You are an inheritor of the blessings of the same covenant. You have promised to you the same Holy Spirit And tbe Christ of these men is ' the same yesterday and to-day, and forever.' Therefore I pray you, claim their spirit, drink deep draughts of grace at the fountain that filled them, and your success shall be as theirs, and circuits will bless you, and Conference will honour you, and converted men will praise God they ever listened to your voice. The Lord bless you and make you a blessing ! Amen and Amen. 