THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET, Christ Church concert-to-night. Another ghost in the Onkaparinga district. Hahndorf was greatly in evidence at the Mount Barker Court on Tuesday. Half-yearly meeting of -the Mount Barker Dairy Produce Company this evening. . The erection of the Lobethal Institute will probably be begun in October or November. Sad fatal accident near Balhannah—Mr. George Attenborough killed by a kick from a horse. At the Mount Barker Court on Tuesday an auctioneer's licence was granted to .Mr. Fred. .Paltridge, of Mount Barker. The Onkaparinga Agricultural Society has decided to invite the Governor to its annual allow in November. Tiie St-rathalfayn Agricultural Society inviting ■ applications for the position of secretary. The first of a series of illustrated letters from a youthful contributor, " Tommy," appears on our fourth puge. Our "District Geography" lesson this, week deals witli Woodside, and in our next issue information will be imparted on Murray Bridge. , \- A meeting of ratepayers will be held at Macclesfield next Friday afternoon, August 6t-to discuss the advisability of dividing the district, into wards. . ]Aii entertainment and social will be given in tbe Macclesfield Institute- hall on Friday evening, = August 13, by the pupils of St. Joseph's School.... Mr. William Bartley whb appointed member .of the Gumeracha School Board of Advice -at the meeting of the Executive Council on Wednesday. Mr. A. H. Sexton, who has been trans ferred by the Post, and Telegraph . and Bail way Departments from Callington to Goolwa, entered iipou the duties of his new station vesterdav. " Changes in several of the "Southern police stations are rumored, and it is probable that { M.C. Uppington, of Strathalbyn, will be transferred to Murray Bridge, Corporal Miller, of the latter place, going to the city. ; At :Mannnm on Wednesday William fjraeber' was sentenced to four weeks' hard labor for stealing small articles and a purse containing about 10s. from tbe resi dence of Mr. S. Awege. " The erection of the organ chamber at Christ Church, Mount Barker, has been completed, but the fine instrument presented by Mr. and Mrs. Barr Smith will not be put into posi tion until December. The second of the series of entertainments in connection with Christ Churoh, Mount Barker, will be given in the institute-hull this evening, the program consisting of vocal and instrumental music, children's chornseB, and tableaux. The first case under the Mining on Private Property Act heard at the Mount Barker Court was dealt wil h on Tuesday, when tbe granting to Mr. R. S. McDonald, of Prcam immea, of the lease of a seclion in the Hun dred of Monarto was recommended by the bench. The monthly meeting of the Mount Barker Band of Hope was held in the institute-hall oil Wednesday evening, Mr. R. Daniel presid ing over a large attendance. The program consisted of a song by Mies E. E. Tonkin, recitations by Miss Daniel and Mr. A. B. Fry, pianoforte duet by the - Misses Atkinson and Chilian, an address by the chairman, and a dialogue by Masters B. and R. Barker, H. Nockolds, and 3. Johnston. On Monday next a deputation will wait on the Mount Barker District Council and ask that the streets of the town should be lighted. As we mentioned last week, a sum sufficient tu provide IS lamps and uprights and to pay for their erection has been subscribed by the residents, and the feeling is so strongly in favor of the proposal that it is hardly likely that the council will begrudge the cost of maintaining the lights. —♦— (From Our Own Correspondents.) Woodside, July 27. On Saturday afternoon the remains of the late Mrs. J. Halstead were interred in St. Mark's Cemetery, the Rev. J. S. Wayland officiating. A large number of mourners gathered round the grave. The deceased lady did not long survive her husband, who was buried in the same spot about three months ago. A deputation from Forest Range waited on the distriot council on Saturday and urged upon them the advisability of having the new Forest-road placed on the schedule of main roads. The council viewed the matter in the same light and intimated their intention of securing the services of the members of the district to attend with them as a deputation to wait on the authorities in whose hands the matter rested. The committee of the Agricultural Society met on Tuesday evening, the business beiog the revision of the prize-list. The work was carried out expeditiously by the various sub committees and concluded satisfactorily. Among other business it was resolved to invite the Governor to the forthcoming show in November next, the township having not yet been officially visited by bis Excellency. —♦— Blanchetown, July 27. I am very pleased to be able to report that the river, which for the pa9t two months has been lower than for the last 15 years, is on the rise and is once more navigable. The trading steamer Victor passed down on Saturday and the passenger boat Ruby yesterday. Showery weather has been the order of the week, but the grass is very " backward in coming forward." Cases of sheepBtealing are not uncommon in this district, but from various causes a conviction is not always obtained, tbc old warning, "He who takes what isn't his'n, when he's cotched must go to prison," being often disregarded. This was the case with a farmer named Stanitzky. Owing to the low state "of the river sheep would often get bogged while watering, and although pulled out alive (though sometimes dead) they would invariably disappear by morning. Some weeks ago a sheep was taken out and so marked that it ponld be identified, and notice was given to the police. On Tuesday M.C. Shanks, who had charge of the case, exam ined a quantity of skins carried by a hawker and wbb successful in finding the marked skin. Stanitzky wss brought before the Truro Court on Friday and sentenced to two months' hard labor in the Adelaide Gaol. —♦— Forest Range, July 28. " The brditiary meeting of the Literary and ' Debating Society was held on Saturday even ing, wlien Mr. H. Waters, sen., presided over a good attendance. The program for the evening consisted of prepared speeches. Mr. G. Monks, who was first called upon, delivered himself on " Bimetalism," and Mr. Fred. Green chose for his subject " The Abolition of Capital Punishment." Several other members who had promised speeches had to bottle them up until some more convenient season, as the two above-mentioned provoked so much discussion that the evening was far -spent when the criticism ceased. Steps are being, taken here for the forma tion of a branch of the Agricultural Bureau, : which should prove very useful in the ex change of ideas and experience. —♦— Strathalbyn, July 29. In one of my previous letters I mentioned the illness of two of our prominent towns men. I regret to state. that Mr. J. W. Hugall has been gradually getting weaker, and Dr. Shone has not the faintest hopes of the-old gentleman's recovery. Mr. W. D. Stephenson is very ill, but it is hoped that a period of complete rest will quite restore him to health. . The visit of the Adelaide Hunt Club on Saturday, August 7, is being looked forward to by the residents, especially those who possess horses of a jumping order and can ride them. The course .hss been carefully mapped out, and, given anything like good bunting weather, the run should be a most enjoyable one. To give.everyone in the town an opportunity of joining in the fan all the local atores will be closed from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. The course is a pretty stiff one and will include about 70 jumps—a big day's work for a horse out of training. The hunts men will be entertained by the Hon. J. L. -Stirling. The. committee of the . Amalgamated Friendly.Societies* sports have made one or two departures from their usual program. I have always deprecated the idea of. giving such a large prize for a Sheffield Handicap, as it simply meant getting up a race for an outsider to step in and take away, bnt this( will not be the case this year. With so many cyclists in oar midst the committee should receive -good support, as there are several whetlinge rents and tbs prices are sabitan tial. The pony-jam pingli&s; been done away with and the/money givenforjuvenile sports, which will be more satisfactory to towns': people and to the children.; A meeting of the Agricultural Society was held on Monday afternoonVat the Terminus Hotel, the Hon. J. 11. Stirling presiding. The ground committee reported that they had arranged with the "Secretary to hold his position until after the society's next show and had appointed Messrs. H. Tucker and W. F. Adams to assist him in the work, on the understanding that those two gentlemen ehould, on Mr. Steplienson'e retirement, receire the appointment. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. J. B. Jackson, seconded by. Mr. Hassan), that applications should be -invited for the position, and .on Monday, August 9, the general committee will make the appointment. The receipt of the Govern ment grant was reported, while it was also stated that there was now a balance in hand. The prize-list was revised and a sub-com mittee formed to interview the ladies with reference to providing the lnncheon. Some time ago a minstrel troupe was formed in our town, but owing to removals amongst its members it lmd a short career. There being a credit balance in hand, the secretary (Mr. W. F. Adams) was instructed by the majority of the members to forward the amount to the,Children's Hospital, which has been done. —♦— East Wellington, July 28. Feed is now growing nicely, and the stock will soon begin to pick up. The result of next Saturday's. election for the District of Albert will be anxiously awaited. Great interest in the contest is being taken here, and I have no doubt that a large percentage of the electors on the roll will record their votes. Efforts are being made to float and cork one of the punts, which ha9 been laid up for some time, with a view of' repairing it, after which it will be taken1 over by -the Govern ment for use up river. —♦— Blumberg, July 28. We hare been favoredwith splendid grow ing weather lately, and thegress is improving very faBt, so that if the frost beeps, off we shall hare an abundance of feed shortly. The fortnightly meeting of the Literary Society wsb held on Saturday erening, the program consisting of short papers by Mr. Burpee on " Punishment,". Mr. J. Foote on " Gambling," Miss Pfburo on "Nelson," and Mr. A. E. Milne on "Matri mony.'' All the essays were well thought out and proroked a good deal of criticism. The following officers were elected for the ensuing half- year:—President, Mr. T. Pflaum; rice-presidents, Messrs. A. E. Milne and J. Foote, jun.; secretary, Mr. Burpee ; committee, Messrs. J. Formby, jun., and W. McCnrmick and the Misses A. and M. Pflaum and Heinrich. —♦— Murray Bridge, July 28. On Monday morning a man named William Graeber, alias Anderson, was arrested near Glen Lossie Station by M.C.'s Gibbons and Birt for suspected housebreaking and larceny in the hundreds of Finniss and Forster. On Tuesday M.C. Gibbons took the man to Mannum, where he was tried for the offence and awarded a month's " hard." The laying of water on to the township, which has been approved by the Government, has not yet been begun, although intimation was received that the work was to be started at once. It is understood that the un employed of the distriot will be taken on in preference to outsiders. ' Owing to the rise in the river navigation has been again partly restored in the Murray aud Darling. Three steamers arrived this week—the Victor, the Baby, end the Murrumbidgee—and are loading for up-river. Tiie Queen, the Florence Annie, and the Ariel have taken their departure up-stream. —♦— Charleston, July 27. Quite a gloom was caused here by the sad accident which deprived young George John Attenborough of his life, and great sympathy is expressed for the parents in their bereave- ment. The funeral, which took place on Tuesday afternoon at the local eemetery, was very largely attended, and numerous beautiful floral tributes and letters of condolence were received from those who were unable to be present. This was one of the largest funerals that has been here, and there must have been fully 400 assembled around the grave, the little churchyard being crowded with people from all parts of the district, while the traps lined the road for a long distance. The wreaths and floral devices were so numerous that a special vehicle had to be used to convey them to the grave. After a short service at the house, conducted by the Rev. J. J. Salman, of Woodside, in which the Rev. R. Lang, of Mount Torrens, took part, " Rock of Ages " was sung, and the cortege moved towards the cemetery. Heading the procession were about 20 members of the Union Rechabite Tent of Woodside, to which the deceased belonged, the hearers also being Rechabites, who wore the funeral regalia of the order. The Rev. J. J. Salman officiated at the grave, while the Rechabite service was read by C.S, Bro. H. Rollbusch. 