A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGER FIELD -.MYSTERY BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XIV— (Continued.) '"It is of no use — all vital power is gone. He never will sign his name again," Dr. Graves said; "he is exciting- himself dangerously and uselessly." The dying man heard, and understood. His eyes turned on Katherine with a speechless anguish terrible to see. "Too late! too late!" they heard him groan. "Oh, Heaven! too late!" Katherine's arms encircled him. She pressed her cold face close to his. "Papa, darling," she said, softly and i sweetly, "I don't want you to grieve for me — to think of me even. You are very, very ill — very ill, papa, and — had we not better send for a clergyman?" - He made a feeble motion, but it was doubtful if he heard her. A stupor — the stupor which precedes death— was gath ering over him; his dull eyes closed; his pale lips muttered; he moaned ceaseless ly. The great last change was very near. The sun was high in the blue January sky now, the whole world jubilant with the glad sunlight of the New Year. And in the town of Castleford people talked with bated breath - " the strange, dread tragedy at Scarswood, and of nothing else. In a house in the remotest suburbs of the town, Gaston Dantree lay, sense less still, while life and death fought their -sharp battle above his pillow. And in that stately and spacious chamber at Scarswood its lord lay dying, while cler gyman and physicians stood by, useless, and in vain. Katherine never left him — she neither slept nor ate. As she had been from the first — tearless, noiseless — so she was to the last. Morning came and passed. The short January afternoon wore on. The sun dropped low, the blue twilight shadows were gathering once more. That cele brated physician from London had ar rived, but all the physicians in the great modern Babylon were of little avail now. Lower mod lower the red, wintry sun dropped, flushing earth and sky with rose light, and as its lest red ray faded and died amid the , trees of Scarswood Park, Sir John Dangerfield passed from Scarswood and all earthly possessions for ever. Without sign or struggle, the shadow that goes before crept up, and in one quiet instant shut out the light of life from all the face. Up an<J down, up and down in the crim son splendors of that New Year sunset, Peter Dangerfield paced under the leaf less trees. No pang of pity, no touch of remorse, came to him — it was not in his nature to feel either. He only waited in a fever of impatience for the end. ' It came. As he stood for an instant, his eyes fixed on that red radiance in the west, thinking how fair and stately Scarswood looked beneath its light, Dr. Graves approached him. One look at his face was enough! His heart gave a great leap. At last! at last! — his hour had come. "Sir Peter Dangerfield," the physician gravely said, "your uncle is dead." "Sir Peter!" He turned faint' and giddy for a mo ment with great joy, and leaned speech lessly against a tree. Then he started up, his face flushing dark red, and made hastily for the house. Never before had the old baronial hall looked half so no ble, half so grand; never before had the fair domain spread around him seemed half so stately an inheritance as now, when he stood there, in this first Janu- ary sunset, master of Scarswood. CHAPTER XV.— "DEAD OR ALIVE!" The funeral was over, and a very grand and stately ceremonial it had been. There had been a long procession of the carriages of the county, families, of the Dangerfield tenantry, and the tradespeople of Castleford. . The funeral was over, and in the pale yellow glimmer of the January sunset the mourning coaches and the family carriages went their way, and the dead man's adopted daughter was driven back home. The pale yellow glow of the sunset was merging into the gloomy grey of even ing as they reached Scarswood. Her faithful friend, Edith Talbot, who had been with her from the first, was with her still. The blinds were drawn up, shutters unbarred, but the servants, clad in deepest mourning, moved about like ghosts, with bated breath and hushed voices, as though the lord of the manor still lay in state in these silent upper rooms. It all struck with a dreary chill on the heart of Miss Talbot — the gloom, the si lence, the mourning robes, the desola tion. She shuddered a little, and clung closer to Katherine's arm, who was white as death. At all times she had been pale, but not like this— never be fore like this! As she had been from the first hour of the blow, so she was still — silent — tearless, rigid. She drew her friend's face down, how ever, and kissed it again and again. And Katherine held her tight for one mo ment, and then left her. Katherine was not alone, however. There had followed their carriage to Scarswood another, and that other con tained the heir and the late baronet's lawyer. Mr Mansfield, the Castleford solicitor, was talking very earnestly con cerning that unsigned and invalid will. They reached Scarswood, Sir Peter and the lawyer. The old house loomed up in the chill, grey, wintry twilight. "I am going to the library, Mans field," the new baronet said, with cool familiarity. "If you or — Miss Danger- field want me, you can send for me there. Only this premise: I will come to no terms with her in your presence. What I have to say to her I shall say to her alone." 1 He opened the library door, entered, and closed it with an emphatic bang. The elder man looked anxiously after : kim on the landing. "What does that little reptile mean? I don't half-like the tone in which he speaks of Katherine. He doesn't- mean to — no, he daren't. — no man dare insult her in the hour of her downfall." .Mr Mansfield sent a servant to - an nounce his presence, the French girl, Ninon; she returned to him in a mo ment, and ushered him into the room where Katherine sat, alone. She looked round and held out her hand to her friend, with the faint sha dow of her former bright smile. "My dear," he said, very gently, "I do -not intrude upon you too soon, do I? But I could not wait; I came with Sir Peter straight from the funeral here. As things stand now, the sooner your affairs are settled the better." She lifted her head a little and looked at him. "Peter Dangerfield here— so soon! He fs in haste to take possession. Does he intend to remain all night— and am I to leave at once?" "You are not to leave until you see fit, for a thousand Peter Dangerfields! I don't know whether he intends remain ing over night or not; certainly not, though, I should say, if you object." "I?- What right have I to object? The .house is his, and everything in it. He is perfectly justified in taking possession at once, and in turning me out if he sees fit." "He will never do that, my child; and J think— I hope— I am sure he will act 368 as common justice requires, and give you at once the three thousand pounds your father bequeathed to you in that unsign- ' ed will." She half rose from her chair; a light flashed into her face; a rush of passion ate words leaped to her lips. But all at once she checked herself— she who never before had checked a single erao- J tion. She sank slowly back into her ! seat, and a strange, set expression har- ' dened her mouth. . s ) "You think so, ..Mr Mansfield — you' think he will be generous enough for that? And it is in his power not to give it to me if he -ikes — those three thousand pounds?" "Certainly, it is in his power; but no one save the veriest monster would think of acting a part so thoroughly mean and base." She listened very quietly, the shadow of a scornful smile on her face... "Mr Mansfield, I am afraid there is something wanting- in your knowledge of human nature, in your opinion of Sir Peter Dangerfield. You forget that some months ago I. refused to marry him — that I even insulted him — my abomin able temper, Mr Mansfield. I think Sir Peter is a gentleman who will conscien tiously pay every debt of that sort, to the uttermost farthing." "Well, anyhow, he wishes to see you," added the lawyer. "He is in the library. Shall I go and send him here, or would you lather it were to-morrow?" " Send him now, by all means," she said. "Let us see how .generous Peter Dangerfield can be." He g-ot up, walked irresolutely to the door, hesitated a moment, then came suddenly back. "And, Miss Dangerfield— Katherine," he said, impetuously, "if you should fling his miserable dole back in Lis face, don't fear that you shall ever want a home. I have no daughters of my own; come » wirh me to Castleford, and bright-en the lives of two old hum-drum people. Come and be my daughter for the rest of your life." He gave her no time to answer; he hurried away, and rapped smartly at the library door. Peter Dangerfield's small, ' colorless face looked out. "What is it ?" he asked. "Am I to go upstairs ?" "You are," responded Mr Mansfield, curtly; "and, a.s you deal with that poor child in her trouble, may the good, just God deal by you. " I shall remain here and take her home with me to-night, if slm will come." Peter Dangerfield smiled— an evil and most sinister smile.. "i think it extremely likely she will go," he said. "The two- storey brick dwelling of Mr Mansfield, the solicitor, will be rather an awkward change after the gaiety -and grandeur of Scarswood; but then, beggars mustn't be choosers." He walked straight upstairs, still with a smile on his face — still with that exult ing glow at his heart. He opened the door without ceremony, and walked in. The room was brightly lighted now; Katherine had lit the clus ters of wax tapers in the chandeliers, and stirred the fire into a brighter blaze. She had left her seat, and was leaning lightly against the mantelpiece-, her lhands hanging loosely clasped before her. He took his place opposite her, raid they looked each other straight in the eyes. It was the grave defiance of two duellists to the death. "Well, Katherine," he said; "I wonder if your name really is Katherine, by the way; I must ask Mrs Vavasor. I came here, at old Mansfield's request, to talk business and money matters. You look like a 'queen uncrowned' to-night, my tall, stately Miss Dangerfield — not good- looking, you know, my dear; you were never that; but majestic and dignified, and all that sort of thing. And yet there isn't a beggar in tihe streets of Castleford poorer than you." She stood silent, looking at him. .How bis eyes gleamed; now glibly his veno mous tongue ran. His little form ac tually seemed to dilate and grow tall in this hour of his triumph. "And 'that other night," he went on; "do you. remember it, Kathie? Oh,, let me call you by the old, familiar name to the last! That other night, when I — a poor, pettifogging attorney, as I think I have heard Mr Dantree call me — I had the presumption, in the conser vatory, to ask you to be my wife. It was presumptuous, and I richly de served the rebuff I got for my pains; I deserved even to be called ' a Hcketty dwarf!' You served mo right, Kathe rine, and now, in return, I am to come before you to-night and offer you three thousand pounds— mine to give or keep, as I please." He paused, his whole face glowing with sardonic light. Hers never changed. "Go on," she said, in a perfectly steady voice; "Katherine," he said, "I can do better for you than that. What is a pitiful three thousand pounds to the late heir ess of eight thousand per annum ? I can do better for you, and. I will. Why should you leave Scarswood at all ? Why not remain here as mistress still— with me ?" "Go on," she -said again, in the same steady tone.; "Need I speak more plainly ?" He drew a step nearer, and' all the devil of hatred and malignity within him shone forth in the gleam of his eyes. "Then I will— it would be a pity for us to misunderstand each other in the least. Last September I asked you, the heiress of Scarswood, to be my wife. You re fused — more, you grossly insulted me. To- night I return good for evil. Let us forgive and forget. As lord and master of Scarswood, I offer you again a home here — but this time, not as my wife. You can stay here as an outcast from so ciety — a woman without name, without character, without reputation. You can stay, beggar as you are, by my favor! Do you understand! So long as you lease me, fulfil my will and pleasure ! You understand me." The words were- uttered with concen trated venom. His hate arid revenge had given him a diabolical cour age to say what he never would have dared to say in cold blood. But at the last he drew back. He was a coward to the core, and she had shown herself before now to have the fury of a very panther. And they were alone. She might murder him before he could reach the door. His first im pulse was flight, and she saw it. "Stop!" she cried; and he stood as still as though he had been shot. "You coward! You cur!" No words can tell the unutterable scorn of her low, concentrated voice. "You have said it, and now hear me. This is your hour — mine will come! And here, before Heaven, by my dead father's memory, I swear to be revenged. Living, I shall pursue you to the vgry ends of the earth 1 — dead, I will come b'ack from the grave, if the dead can! For every word you have spoken to-nightyou shall pay dear- ; ly, dearly! I have only one thing left to live for now, and that is my vengeance on you. The fortune you have taken I will wrest from you yet; the shame, the misery, the disgrace that is mine, you' shall feel in your turn. I swear it ! Look to yourself, Peter Dangerfield! Living, I will hunt you down; dead, I will return and torment you! now go!" She pointed to the door. He looked back at her once as she stood there, the leaping firelight full on her white face and black robe, and as he saw her then, he saw her sleeping or waking all. the rest of his life. Then the door closed, and Katherine was once more alone. I CHAPTER XVI.— BEFORE MID- I , NIGHT. The hours of the evening wore on. In . her pretty, wax-lit, crimson-hung room, Katherine stood, long and motionless, i where Peter Dangerfield had left her. The sonorous clock over the stables, striking eight, awoke her at last from her trance. She started' up, crossed the room, like one aroused to a determined purpose, and rang the . bell. Ninon came. "I'm, going out, Ninon; I'm going to Castleford. It may be close upon mid night before I return, and the house will probably be shut up. Wait for me at the, door in the southern turret, and when I knock let me in." " But mademoiselle," the girl cried, "to Castleford so late, and on foot, and alone?" " I don't mind the lateness — no one will molest me. For the- walk, I can do it in an hour .and a quarter. Do as I bid you, Ninon, and say nothing to any one in my absence-." The French girl knew her mistress too well to disobey, but she had lingered for a moment at the cloor, .looking back wist fully. She loved this impetuous young mistress, who scolded her vehemently one instant and made it up the next by a present of one of her best dresses. She loved her, as all the servants in the house did, and never so well as now. A few minutes later Katherine glided down the stairs, dark, and noiseless as a' spirit. She met no one. Sir Peter" was busy over papers, the servants were in their own quarters, the house was .more silent than a tomb. Softly she opened and closed the ponderous po-rtico door, and flittered out- into the n-jght. The walk was unspeakably ioiw! v. Un til the lights of the town gleamed forth through the starry darkness she did not meet a soul. She had walked so rapidly, that she was out of breath, and in a glow of warmth. She slackened her pace now, pausing , finally, before the quiet, roomy, old-fashioned hostelry known as the Silver Rose. "Does a lady named Mrs Vavasor stay here?"- The landlord of the Silver Rose started to hi.s feet as the soft accents fell upon his ear. The next moment he was bowing low before the slender, black-robed figure and the two grave, grey eyes. The heroine of the day, the talk of the town, the reputed daughter of the late Sir John Dangerfield, stood before -him. "Yes, Miss Katherine. Please come in out of the cold. Mrs Vavasor does lodge here; but at pre-sent she happens to be out." "Will she soon return?" "Well, Miss Katherine. 1 really could n't say, but I think it likely. She don't often be out even as late as this." \- "If you will show me up to her room I will wait,"' the young lady answered. "I must see her to-night." The landlord held a candle aloft, and led the .way upstairs, and flung open a door on the landing above. "This be Mrs Vavasor's sittin'room. Take a seat by the fire, Miss Katherine, and I dessay she'll be here soon." He went out' and closed the door. Katherine stood in the centre of the room and looked about her with a cer tain .amount of curiosity in her face. The door of the chamber opening- from this apartment stood ajar, and, looking- in with the same searching gaze, some thing familiar caught the girl's eye at once. In the centre f a table stood an In dian box of rare beauty and workman ship. Katherine recognised it in a moment. It was one of hers, a farewell gift from a miltary friend when leav ing India. She remembered how, more than once, Mrs Vava sor had admired it among the other Indian treasures in her room — how, all at once, it had vanished mys teriously, and now here it was. Kathe rine's short upper lip curled scornfully. "So," she said, "you are a thief as well as -an intriguante and an adventuress. You have stolen my box. Let me see to what use. you have put poor Ensign Brandon's gift." She walked deliberately into the sleeping room, and took up the c-asket. It closed and locked with a secret spring; she' touched it, and the lid flew back. It contained a slim packet of- letters tied with ribbon, and an old- fashioned miniature painted on ivory, in a ease of velvet, ornamented with seed pearls. The dark side of Katherine's nature, that might have lai'n dormant and un suspected even by herself for ever in the sunshine of prosperity, was assert ing itself now. She deliberately re-ad the address on the letters. The paper was yellow with time the ink faded, but the bold, firm, masculine hand was per fectly legible still. "Miss Harriet Lela- cheur, 35, Rose-marv-place, Kensing ton" — that was the address. She turned from the letters, pressed the spring of the picture-case, and looked at the portrait within. Like the letters, time had faded it, but- the bold, masculine boyish face smiled up at her with a brightness that even a score of years could n-ot mar. It was the eager, handsome, beardless face of a youth in the first flush of manhood, Avith lips that smiled, and eyes that were alive. . "A brave, gentlemanly face," Kathe rine thought. "What could a man like this ever ha\\-e had to do with her? Is this the lover she spoke of, from whom my mother parted her? Are these let ters from him? Was her name Harriet Lelacheur, instead of Harman? You may keep my Indian box, Mors Vavasor, and welcome, and I will keep its con tents." With the same steady deliberation she put the letters and picture in her pocket, and walked back into the -other room. There Avas a hard light in her eyes, an expression on her face not pleasant to see. ,"On the road I am walking there is no turning back. To -accomplish the aim of my life I must do to others as I have been done by. Mrs Vavasor and Peter Dangerfield shall find me an apt pupil. Ah — at last! here she is!" She turned and faced the door. As she did so, it Avas thrown impetuously open, and the woman -she -hated stood before her. It was Mrs Vavasor's last night in Castleford — her last night, she had made up her mind, for ever. It was .all over. The romance, the re venge, and the triumph of her life were finished and done. She -had Avrought out her vendetta to the bitter end. Her price had been, paid twice over; With twenty thousand pounds as her fortune, she Avould return to Paris, launch out. into a life of splend-or, and end by mar rying a title. She was singing softly to' herself as she ascended th-e stairs. Everything had gone so well! She had h-ad her ven geance and made her fortune at one clever throw,- and after to-night a long vista of Parisian pleasures and Parisian life floated before her in a rosy mist. With the opera tune on her lips, she opened her door, and stood face to face Avith — Katherine- Dang-erfield. She stood stock -sti'll. The song died o-n her lips — the sudden, swift pallor that overspread her face showed through all the pearl poAvder she Avore. She had said she wa's no coward, and she was not; but in this hour she stood afraid to the very core to. face the girl she had wronged. Katherine had arisen, and stood be side her, and Katherine was the first to speak. "Come in, Mrs Vavasor — the room is your own; and you need not look such a picture of abject -terror. I haven't come here -to murder you — to-night." Her voice was perfectly clear, perfect ly steady. An angry sullenness came to the elder Avoman's relief. S-he came in, closed the door, and defiantly faced her foe. ' " This is a most unexpected pleasure. What can I do for you, Miss Danger- field?" She threw herself into a chair, stretch ed out her daintily- booted feet to the fire,, and looked across with the -same defiant face at her enemy. Katherine turned her grave eyes from the fire, clasped her hands together on the little table between them, and lean ed slightly forward as she spoke. " Mi-s's Dang-erfield is not my name. You are the only one Avho knows. Will you tell me what it is?" "No — decidedly." "That is one of the questions you will not answer. Here is another : Is ray- father alive?" "He is." "My mother is dead— really dead?" "As dead as Queen Anne, Miss Dan gerfield. I suppose - AAe may as Avell continue to call you so to the last, for convenience sake. Your mother is ' dead; and, Katherine — you've been brought up as a Christian, and all that, and you ought to knoAv — do you suppose the dead see what goes on in this reel ing, rocking little globe -of ours? Be cause, if they do, I sincerely hope your late lamented maternal parent is looking down upon you and me at this moment." "You are a good hater, Mrs Vavasor. Now I should like to knoAv Avha-t my mother etrer did to you to inspire such deep, -and bitter, and lasting hate. You hated her aliAre, and vou h'ate her dead, and you visit that hate, as bitter as ever, years and years after upon her child." Mrs Vavasor . laughed — all her airy, easy, self again. "And you realty are anxious to know why I hated — Avhy I still hate your dead mother? Well, I am in the -humor to gratify you to-night. I haAne locked the past so closely up for such a length of time that it is something of a' relief and a pleasure to unlock it to-night. But to think I should tell it to you — to you ! Why, look you - ! I might have been a good woma-ji — a rich, woman — a model British matro-n — sitting at the head of a husband's table — bringing up children in the AA-ay they should walk, going three times eve-ry Sunday to church, visiting the poor .of the parish. I might have been all this, Miss Dangerfield, and I wanted to be, but that dead mother o-f yours stepped forward, interposed her wand of authority, and lo! to-day, and for the past eighteen years, I have been a Bohemian — houseless, friendless, pen niless, and reputationless. N-oav, listen — here is the story. No names, mind; no questions when I have done. All you are to know I will tell you. Your father lives — you -have hosts, o-f relatives alive, for that matter, but I don't mean you shall ever see or know any of them." She sank back in her ch-a'ir, played with her watch-chain, looked at -the fire, and told her story in rapid words. (To be Continued.) 