Church Golumn. On Sunday evening the Rev. A. Gamble delivered his farewell sermon in the local St. Mary's Church of England. Mr. Gamble, who has resided in Morwell for the past four years, was a member of the Oddfellows lodge andabout forty mem bers of the Morwell branch marched from the lodge room and attended the service. Mr. Gamble also wore an Oddfellow's sash. The church was well filled, members of the Wesleyan and Presbyterian denominations being present. After the orthodox formula, at the commencement of the service, had been concluded the rev. gentleman referred to the Oddfellows; he said he was pleased to see so many present at his farewell service and considered it an honor and he was wearing the sash he had on to show that he belonged to the order. On theq sash was written the words " Friendship Love and Truth," which was the Odfellow's motto. However, a man might be a good Oddfellow and a poor Christian. He however was going away, but he wanted to meet them again if not in this world in the one to come and referred to the text.-" He that believeth on me hath everlasting ' " ". 3s a la cn eluded his remarks to the Oddfellows by advising them not to set their affections on things of this world but to lay up treasure in heaven, to turn neither neither from the right or the left. The Oddfellows' principles were good, but the teachings of Jesus Christ were far better. Mr. Gamble in his address to the congregation took for his test part of the 29th and 31st verses VIII Corin thians.-" Brethren, the time is short, for the fashion of this world passeth away." The preacher said he felt that it was a very solemn occasion, his four years mission among the people of this district had come to a close, and he looked back with feelings mixed. He had much to be thankful for and things to regret, but for all his sins of omis sion and comission he asked God's forgiveness and their forgiveness. It had been his desire to be faithful to God as his humble servant, and faith. ful to his people as their minister. They could sow the seed and water it. but it was God alone who could give the increase, and it war necessary they should sp end moreitime in prayer and in reading God's word in which would be found something to suit everyone. I spoke of gladness, and sorrow, wisdom and mistakes. Time was short, the fashion of the world was passing away. He, as it were, had come to the. division on the road which separated him from them, (his con gregation,) they had been going along together for solme time, and they had shared many up. ant downs, but it no use looking back, it was the present and future they had to prepare for. Mr. Gamble also said he was thankful to have had so many friends, but he was afraid he had not made proper use of many opportunities he had had, he had no doubt often spoken harshly and uncharitable, or perhaps he had not spoken at all when he would have done so, but he earnestly asked forgiveness for all wrongs. I conclusion he said he would like to give a few words of advice to the con gregation-If there had been any misunderstangs between them, he trusted they would forget them and let bye-gones be bye-gones, and be Christ's deciples and love their neigh bours as themselves. It was true that alllives were spent as a tale thetis told. Next Sunday a new voice would be heard in his pulpit, but although he would be away he would not forget them, and would look forward to the time when they would meet in God's kingdom. He did not know how to say good-bye but thought he could not do better than use the apostle's words " Finally, bretern, farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mihd live in peace; and the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God and the communion of Holy Ghost be with you all." 