pA iLOUS TASK. BSIlt BbSlJr talicI flat there is no BBffijpmemlthe' Bhadow of the British fei jMonforfamstely, this ides ' is ggzffllBB&aut;'bT facts. Inonr West ginMMMins tnere ere many slaves, PgrajpSflCTythB nose of Comol end potroBiditttt, too, tbos'gh generally. Biheefntode u by no mesne severe— jPoWhmSnt sees to that. WKftoS role, when, on extending: Bntfaofitr into heir districts, the white RioffijieiSlinfl a man in the possession of BjawflSaVee, they leare him in peace, so lhgStbb'latter are not ill-need. It pboBwned not very long ago, when jfefaTjiktrookB destroyed the etockade Km a|ro>her-headman in the Oil Bivers, Hnotjli' ' Oonsnl allowed the friendly HfgiMtrtejtrom the coast to appropriate for use the offender's elares. ESjisMidid hecanse he fcaew they wonld off nnder hie own eyes Bmaninlthe power of the bneh tyrants. Bmfagitoe Niger creeks, too children Btre tnhuble wsset, for their parents pffl||piia openly, snd it would be in- PeihSdhg'to k now how many natire wires Eteomeiof Ihe white traders hare porchased Kat Sreippnnds worth of cloth a head, pf'.. 'JftSpjiifae British Gorerament winks |Sat siihV.things, for the simple reason Rtoat/theBe slaves are secure from ill- Ptreatment or. the risk of being sacrificed gpto jri-Tn dBTtis, while beneath its pro- teotion5 hnt it has entirely enppressed toesWpment of black ivory abroad, and gfloee'wiktit can to pnt down the ex- litansiwBllra&c; in hnman flesh, and the opiwtibfo taidnight raids and village bnrn- ing, which goes on to-day in the wild l_- "? hinteriand Thet, !>. it it;-; hi 'doni of Ashantee, -bfyonri . is aw..tjr/ -"est of the coast, a tract of ir; t: y, covered with itrt'Tg nlarcv c--.— -r. which was once »' the caotrc ' " : r I :-.ade in the small African ; ' fvr ». cream-oolonred jbeastf., ii.f dt:«isn Alderneys), and tlio the tiro: s- : : ctb, which comes fiamftcio .« : ; io, in the far-off ... Kanssa Use!. <ji i:\ owing to the ex- " tension of trxtge rs,h the white men, -the natives .cread a -nore profitable to tsid "their «r»ih-i : . I'houre, and sell I 'thotfors'sns t - mahogany and \- jgriluirro'n'jtrio; ii.'" ; ters of the fainter- 'y-_%Wuf r' '" . iipit'iiitie winV- tgr. . iocnrred to the \- vrtfld OoGSt antb: ' Bat it was time that kind cf thina v - pnt a stop to, I ' and aecord'cgir s <:> ,f HanesaB was eent np into tbi" jion.. . On? scorch:':, noon, the two -white officers >. rt of the detach- iBtot icangvii . . "-skin chairs in tl-6 secvtj sweeping palm branobr?. 'r . . Jt r District Gom- ssissior.rr be; - : . to his friends -;ar "lie lev Hell.'' icaa-a back against btofcfc'bvjtsi-jrork hnt. jad his clothing' laPpiMBted of,gsnzy. pyjamas and native apippers. 'fHe wonld have dispensed gwSjjjfe lite, too, hnt for fear of the i»oringi|gger insect, for he was not ISamm ;ofteatentioiiaI ideas. The other MSaS iientenant 7 lately from England, ld|htNiiieqrisf EaUd uniform,. Sjvy phh:Mmet, and plated buttons, jjjjriiffiiafl iffiini beliel in his own ability fe;thit3taight geoerally in the groresdandrhoce he got the chance. A ppBurilwhia hsre k&own; better, for | for the Enropesn I apyAet Amrm. fad the negro is case- SmefliffltS'hasty dvilisation. gen-iientenant St; John broke Sgffpfence.2'J|lan wb do nothing to pnt Mpwn-' the Awaiilnable raids," he said, ®hro cararmsdriven off to Dahomev nfimflijsA-disgrace to cirilisa- rg-r gpoomitgMt, Eog&rd; yawnad a& l« Mgwa.jiigdy, softly, man catch spaSsA«ood proverb. We can't pBBg|Bwri(><fl3'!We lean catch him ghalaves faands— and he is too Bgiir idr'p Besides, the ,Gov- jwjwi.-AiS -that there mnat be fejdopdshedwfljnBilace is a 'strong iSBtgglswk at It ptmisnrMd-his dyes north- lgfayes of nppliBg BBgS'ATOiteaiteih qmreired s a l6hely,'Bat- |Pfoas,sing «hrnpQy from »lpTOfejs%'aM : dnalj phrple gjaljavens. Then a MBWHMMllTOMaMwien Ttoagne heat : : the : cool mafjatrrptausddiere. HHwagijWwit written npon tbhir IwmjwKTOBritta.-rhile before <dd and WMBBaMWgBtMgWfaMlS of rgoafo ithsilisliligia strings of the lahn- int MwSmiwMBtled »Wy, [?] T r - - -m— aky that ' Gtrelo hah aibig csriftad -df elites otfthhm6tintflie?%n4 thktKkn show ns a hidden path. There'l\>stdh to night," and the Gommissioner chnckled. Then he added: " I suppose yon ate not, afraid o! ghosts P" /. T'What fooloiy is this ?" was. jme answer,' and the;\3ohimiiisidher liqjljAa agun'ashs Baid : '' There arennlimited ghosts in Africa, ghosts- of mos,'ehttle- and' feats; ghosts of poisoned «Wws and'lpefkrs, ahd legionB of .evil spirits. Aiijway, it'h rather a ghtly place, I believe." Afterwards W spoke sharply inthfe'tfnnsBti tongue/' Take bim stray, sefgeiht, "and feed im. Every man- phder Srins in tw/hours." J,ate that .night half a company of TTahssew Boggled ont of the plume grass, and 'cast themselves down, phnt- iug, upon a Bhelf of rock which over looked a deep ravine. The phrspiration streamed— into the Lieutenant's eyes, and his smart tunic was stained with the acrid, yellow dnet of the grass plhmea, which smartca eyes Snd nostrils intoler ably. His hands Were 'slashed by the ' saw- edges of the whitening blades : and he began to realise that setting things straight in West Africa Was neither an easy nor a pleasant process. Ananseat- , ing odbn'r rose out of the black ravine, while npon its farther side the Gwelo moaotain rose dark, and shadowy over- bead. Commissioner Bell said wicked things about the beat, then he drew out his big revolver;' and ostentatiously loaded every chamber before the Jn-Jn man's eyes. Languid as he seemed, there were few men, black or white, who could over reach the Commissioner, and he had a way of always turning np where moBt wanted. Then he gave the order, " March ; any man who fires a shot deals with me," 'and with a Hansen bayonet on either aide, and the Commissioner's revolver at the back of hie head, the Jn-Jn man led the way down a winding path. When they reaohed the bottom it was pitchy dark, and a clammy mist filled all the pit- like hollow, a faint phosphorescence gloaming here and there among the wet grasseB. There was no sound to break the stillness, until, with their fingers tightening on the rifle stocks, the Hanssas moved forward, and then a harsh " ornnch-crnuch," and a sharp snapping of something dry and brittle, rose oot of the mist, and presently Lieutenant St. John felt a choking in his throat and faltered in his stride. " Hold np ; for Heaven's sake don't break down. It's only the damp and the smell. Here, take a pnll at thiB. Down with it, quick," said Commis sioner Howard, handing a brandy flask to his shaking comrade ; and the latter gasped, "Thanks, I'm hettrr now. Pah 1 Let's get out of this awful stench. Where are we, anyway, and what's all that bine shimmering ?" Meantime the Hanssas had halted as though by no means anxious to go on, and the Commissioner raised hie voice a little. " Forward there. Are the Moslems afraid of dead heathen ?" he said sternly, and turning to his com panion, added, "We're apparently in the Gwelo cemetery or something very like it. Elementary foneraie here, tiiey tip the departed over the cliff, thongh there are places where they eat him." The troops went ahead again, while Commissioner Howard swore hard under his breath, for the valley seemed filled with the lond crackling, and every now and then a Hau3sa tripped np, and went down with a rattle of arms, fall length in the tangled, wet grass, from which he emerged ahiveriog and shaking. At last, inst as thev nearod the steen. tree-clad ascent, which rose above them, Lieutenant St. John trod npon some thing soft, which yielded beneath his feet, and turned deadly sick as he hnrried away. Then they climbed up wards into the murky blackness beneath groves of paw-paw trees and cotton- woods vmtil the font odours of the death valley grew fainter, and the fragrenoe of acacia fihwers filled 'the air. Presently the soft tread ia front ceased, the Hans bbs came to a standstill, and the white men hurrying forward saw two tall wands setup on either side of the path, decorated with tassels of enrions charms. "Great is the magic of the heathen. Even the Moslem dare not pass here," said Commissioner Howard. "Every man to his trade. Bring np Mepbis- topheles, yonder." The Jn-Jn man advanced towards the staves with an ugly smile npon bis face, and muttering some incantation, held aphis 'arms while the troops passed, the Hanssas casting uneasy glances over their shoulder as Gray went by clenching their rifles. A little later -the' Lieutenant enraae aside, for something whistled eat of the bash and bang past his bead, and next hkoment a light-shafted apear struck quivering in a paw-paw trunk. The eight of a tangible -Weapon and certain danger 'beted like a tonic on the white man,1 and - shaking off the vagne, half- 'snperstitions dread which had crashed downiris-conrage, fae drew the weapon forth, saying Sarcastically, " This is the -ghost of a spear, I s'nppose." " No," answered Gommissioner Bell, fingering die blade, " very real steel tfai i time, and poisoned, too; bnt if tha; fellow gets asWjf it's all np with onr raid. Don't shoot, for yonr life," and hh' grasped his comrade'e arm as the latter pointed his revolver towards the bosh whhrelfahre WaB a faint rustling. The . pffirar shook biff- Iris grasp, and woold liare -bounded into -the "shadows, for hi grew qnite hot with indignation at this cold-blooded attempt upon his life ; bnt ifhe CommislBioimr's fingers gripped his 6f>llar,and he hand stem voice any, " Be ptiU, yon madman. Do yon want tp bring the whole place abont onr ears ? >He will hardly .escape toe Haasaas." i. No tor a space they waited, breathing hard, and listening to the crackling of imdmgrpwth and rattle of palm branches, while the' Jn-Jn man in the iron grip 'of Itiro' soldiets, and the Oommissioner's taeto met as he Wondered if the Feddafa dMibiij'sd toein. It would have gone Are -hud with him if he had. Then nlUDthrewnm out of tha blaeknsss, pared# > breaking of taMg.did «l"to men ran forward toey/ aiw -a 'Hanssa in a. desperate stzngglexritonnikedirigro. TanGom- iWiiwOTeiirerolyBririittfall Idea aBledge lmir AffKm tira black forehead and mritii . -moftn. trhtlAihn inm' iiPgliteuiedJ Us back And JpBto'ihis -io'ira' waistdoto M|Sippw|iltetirinH"J' far breath latA' <%' Mineath the rofe-Ufi brftccheeof 8> tu." 'The joke of thO matter is that he has donbtiess armed sentries and a nioe tittle ambnBh and barbed spears prepared for anyone who approaches his front door. This patois evidently only need by the Jn-Jn priests whkn thiey descend to toe oSmetery for some ghastly pnrpose of their-5—" He broke off suddenly, for there Was a dattenng otoriraad, and along, einhous object, gleamiOg feven in the blsckhess, slid down the carving fronds of toe palm, and fell at the Lieutenant's feet. Then there was an angry hiss, and Gom missioner Howard said hoarsely, " Don't stir if yon value yorir life." A rifloh'ntt name down with a doll thud, and' the white man spring aside from something writhing in the leaves. Presently stoop ing down he made ont a big snake lying 'before him with a broken back, while a Hanssa, robbing his Snider beel-plate in toe mould, said in the vernacular, " No mini may escape his fate, bnt the officer mkn was very near his death this night." As they moved awky Lientenant St. John felt that a little of this kind of thing wenld go a very long way ; then he tamed tonnd, for he heard a sonnd of doll blowa, and saw a group of shadowy forme dancing like pigmies aronndtoe reptile. " Only black monkeys," observed the Commissioner. " There's war to the end between the ' monkey tribes end the snakes. They are taking it ont of him now he's helpless. I've seen hnman beinge do toe same." Eventually, worn ont, dripping with perspiration, and drenched with dew, the little band came ont npon the fiat top of the hill, and at a low order sank down behind festoons of trailing creepers on a low n age woicn com manded the village. Before them lay a narrow strip of clearing, and behind it the black outline of a stockade. There was a dry rustle of palm fronds over- bead, and from beyond the barrier rose the monotonons " tap-tap" of a monkey- skin dram and the croon of a monrnfol chorus, while at intervale a flickering light moved from hnt to h at. " We mast wait a while. They're sure to get np some kind of a feast to celebrate the raid, and that's always held in the dark. When they're stnpid with palm wine we'll seize the gate," said the CommiBsioner softly, after con sulting with the Jn-Jn man, and Bilence settled down. Presently a woman lifted np her voice in a long, eerie wail, and Lieutenant St. Jobn shuddered as he lis tened. " The death howl ; her hus band's dead," said the Commissioner softly. Afterwards shrieks of pain and the sharp cracking of glass-edged whips of manatee hide rang ont through the steamy darkness, and the Commissioner ground his teeth as he listened to the cries of the unfortu nate slaves. When the eoand died away the red glow of a fire blazed np in front of a hnge basket- work house, aud a hideons din of native drums rose into the air, followed by a full-throated and by no means unmusical chorus ; and the Commissioner smiled grimly. He knew that inside the chief's hoose headman Gwelo was making himself drank among his guests with Jnmbo wine, and that presently he wonld mock at the British Government and revile the name of the White Qeeen, ignorant of the fact her hand was already lifted to crash him. "Confound them," said Commis sioner Howard, softly bnt viciously, shaking the heavy dew from hie thin jacket. " I'll be down again with fever after this. Why those brntes always feast at night I don't know, any more than I do how to get in, and Apollyou here can't tell me either. We could storm the place, bnt then someone wonld get themselves killed, and the Governor wonld talk. It's a case of ' soffiy soffly ' again." Another bnrst of fierce merriment rang ont, mixed with drnnken shonts, and so, heeding not the handwriting npon the wall, Chief Gwelo, like Bel- shazzar of old, held high festival and boasted before hiB gnests, knowing not that the enemy were already abont his gates, and that he wonld be sternly called to account for the innocent blood that he had shed. Meantime the two white officers and the Hanssas lay still as the dead among the undergrowth, drinking in germs of disease with every breath of reeking miasma, with the Jn-Jn man among them, the Commis sioner's revolver mnzzle a foot from his breast. Then a gate creaked noisily in the rear of the village, and fonr dark figures came forth, the flickering glow of a torch falling npon something long and heavy they carried between them. They halted on the verge of a cliff which overhang the valley, the light sbone fall npon the rigid figure of a dead negro, and again the Lientenant ebnddered. A boaree voiee oried aland, there was a swaying of ehonlders, followed by a Sickening thud far below, and the torch went cut suddenly. The Jn-Jn man rose to his feet, and, whispering to the Commissioner, went forward alone. When he bad a start the little parly crept ont into the clear- ing, and,- while some move! like flitting ghosts towards the main entranoe, 'iririto'wsh'rofttoe one that lay nearest, the rest followed in his steps, keeping carefully in the loom of the palms. Then fire men moved from the cliff side towards the opened gate, and Commis sioner Howard gnawed his moustache as halting in the shadows he wonders 1 whether the wily Feddah had doped him after aU. A moment later there was a sharp challenge from the gateway, and by the smoky glare of a torch the white men saw the Fetish priest waring the sen tries imperiously aside. The men hesi tated. Chief Gwelo's oidere were sharp and stem, and they knew he visited hie displeasure upon the disobedient with keen steel and scorching flame, bnt they feared the Jn-Jn devils even mora than Gwelo, and the gate was opened wide. Lientenant St. John canght hie ireatt fca Ira waited for what wonld hap- ran; hntel a low whistle sounded, snd be. raard Jus comrade shouting hoarsely in toe Hansa tongue, and there was a rash of many feet towards toe gate. Next moment Ira was through the stock- ads, and charging down too main street of toe village, revolver in hand, among toe bayonets, toe Shantis flying wildly before them, nntil again there was a sharp order, and, while half toe men faoed outwards into rifles at the ready, toe rest Bprmd a shining are of steel abtmt the doorway of too Chiefs honse. , ' A tnotofng vajrose above toe arias cf toe " vxllagera, "Come fbrth, Gwelo J the Great," and toe redoubtable raider J Imtoed drankenly forward, shooting! rithrageat toe sight of the exultant EOfc Looking «tapidly about in search | faf sir skpon, and Ending none, he stag gered forward, aid wonld have leapt npon the bayonets to grasp at his be trayer. A Hanssa seigean; called, " Slay him not ; smite with the butt," and-a-private-'swnng Mb snfafer by toe mnzzle, and etriking the brad man 'across the Bhins, a negro's roln<Table point, the big warrior went down bead foremost within a foot of the! shining Steel. i Then, as the slave raider and dealers cams ont one by one, the Government interpreter proclaimed aloud that after fire minutes' grace every man shen with arms in his hands wonld be shot, and, furthermore, that the town would be fired if they did not deposit their Wea pons before the white men in that time. So, finding no escape, for tbeie was a guard at both gates, the Gwelo people yielded with the beet grace tbsy could, and thns, without the spilling of a drop of blood, the raider was taken red- handed. Early next morning, leaving a pile of snapped spears and broken flintlock gnus behind them, the troops marched south, convoying the liberated slaves. Gwelo is iadnrance vile, and it will he long ere he raids toe hinterland again, while the Jn-Jn roan, who was prevailed npon to visit Accra as a cnrichity, re ceived a liberal reward, and then, after attempting to poison a sick offirial, who was foolish enoogh to test his powers, fled suddenly by night, and his where abouts are unknown. Probably he did not return to Gwelo for urgent reasons. Commissioner Howard smiles his usual languid smile as he tells the story, bnt the heathen of the Hinterlaod now treat the warning of that officer with much consideration, and are ho wise eager to incur the wrath of the White Queen. 