Keith Hope." i BY WILLIAM A. CAMERON I Author of "Idylls o£ lhe Dawn'„ I CHAPTER XI. After breakfast the next il groom brought the buggy round to n"®, tha 1 of the" hotel. Mr. CoUwoTd and I and wo first drove to my office for 1,;'"' I Then, as we went to the b-».L- i sc- I "Perhaps you would like to drive LT1' I Mr. ltusden?" Unvc l(H%. I "No, thank you," I replied; "I Ilcv,p , I so now when I can avoid it " d0 I With a trace of shainefncedncss in t;, I manner, ho said, with some hesitation « I suppose you will have a good deal to J I to JIiss Summers during the drive?" I other"' t,lln'C we 1,<lvo lnucl» to tell each I The expression on his face said, as nhi„it I as words, "So far, so good." Yet J I drew up at the bank, I could see there wl? 1 still something lacking to complete 2 I satisfaction. I had no difficulty in cm-!, 1 what he would have liked to say to me hi I I not been almost an entire stranger A, I he had been so obliging to Keith, I remit I him by letting him have what lie wanted I without forcing him to ask for it. As if fl requesting a favor, I said, "If it" can b» I conveniently arranged, I would like that I Ella and I sit together going home today I It is the best opportunity for private con- I vernation that we shall have." I "The best possible arrangement," he an. I sworcd with enthusiasm; "as soon as they I come out, you hustle around and get !itr I on the buck scat." fl While he was speaking the door opened I and Ella, Miss Gerty and Mrs. Godfrey- came I out to the verandah. Here the html kiss- I ings too place, and Ella coming out first, 1 I assisted licr to her seat. Then, J lies (icrt- I -and I having got in, we started, Mr. Cols- I wold evincing his joy at. the way in which I things lind been munngod by making the I i lioi-scs spin along the metal road at their 1 very best pace. In a few minutes we were I out of the little township, and presently we I were travelling along a bush road, and con- I vcrsnlion became possible. I I thought it best that Ella should know I precisely how matters stood. Accordingly fl I told her all the evidence that had Ira I given at the inquest and the police court, fl softening nothing, and showing how tor- I ribly strong it was against Keith. I "Hut lie is innocent, Mr. ltusden," she fl said, when I had finished. "Yes, Miss Ella. But how arc we to fl prove it?" I "It will be proved. God will not permit I such a great wrong to be done as that Keith I should suffer unjustly." - I I looked in her face, and for a moment I fl believed she was right. I. declare that iufltf'.l sweet blue eyes no shadow of doubt Was fl visible. I "In any case," I said, "we will do our ut- fl moBt to save him. What I want to do lint fl is to' see the spot where your brother's bod; fl was found." fl "I will take you to it to-morrow." I "Dcfyou know it?" ' fl "Yes. I got father to drive me there one I day soon after Charlie was buried. Both I lie and I wished to sec it, bo lie got Billy fl to give him a description of the place, and fl wo found it quite easily. Ah, we did not I know then the terrible crime which W fl been committed, or I am sure I at- least fl would not have gone." fl "Perhaps you would rather not go nor fl it again, Miss Ella?" I said. "Do hot com! fl if it will distress you. I may be able (» fl get Mr. Summers to accompany me; there fl are obvious rensons for not taking the half- I caste. Unfortunately I am such a pool fl bU8hman that I shall require a guide." fl "Oil, it would distress poor father s fl much as it would me to go. Resides, it ii . only in trying to servo Keith now that I fl ; have any happiness. If I suffer a little in M doing so, all the better, for think ho' much he is suffering for me. AlltkB I trouble tliat has come to him is my fnnj I Mr. Rusden." Arid then the poor pa H j bitterly blaming herself, gave mo her » count of the quarrel she and Keith had j> Clirislmas, when lie kissed her. "I shonB . have known my own heart then, Mr. Bis- j den; but I did not, and drove Keith away. Had he been coming continually to tM liouso at the time of poor Charlie's dratn, fl ' as he used to como before I was cruel to fl him, Charlie nnd he would not have hi nny quarrcj about the dog, and the on; fact the police can discover to explain motive of the crime would not have ens In vain I tried to persuade her that shn fl was blaming herself unjustly. , fl "Nb,'Mr. Rusden," she said, l»j cruelly. I knew how greatly he cared me, and how much I was making iwa "Keith should not have done what he W | Miss Ella. Yqu only treated liirn as i « served, and as any other woman won done. At the same time, I «av , puzzled my old head trying to un why most women do torture tlio love them best, to a greater or less By. way of throwing light on a . hitherto unexplained mystery, . j fl mind giving me your reason t y, - Keith in banishment as long as y meII One of the greatest charms Ell Jc(srt had was that frequently she I her most secret tliaughts W1 funess of I directness and transparent t y can- fl a child. I can give her words- t£ I not reproduce the sw eet art r young face fl voice or the innocent look o to keep I as she answered, "I thmk l heart fl my liberty. .You sco somethipg- fl /All. Victorian rlglita'Tin . tbls.gjader." I purchased.!)/ the proprietors o I -717(1, „t I belonged to Keith Hope— j ,v»s his altogether- and I rebelled, the more my heart kept saying 'You I nro his'' th® 11101:0 £rig'ltenc<1 1 grew o£ I '"Thank you, Miss Ella," I said, "for your I „fi, lance. You will not find that it is mis- I ahced And if you belong to Keith you havo I ill satisfaction of knowing that it ib a fair I lltanec, for you nre never out of hw thoughts." And then I told her of all. the conversations that Hope used to have with I ""flwere having a beautiful day for our I drive It was now the beginning of April, and although it was so warm that the la- I .lies liad to wear white dresses for com- I fort 5'et the stifling oppressive bent that I ,nd' mode most of the summer nlmost un- I bearable, had almost left us. Overhead was I clear blue sky without the sign of a cloud, I while the earth, owing to some recent thun- I der storms, wns clothed with short fresh I green grass, very pleasant for the eyes to I 'hiniitTmy conversation with Ella I lind I raid little attention- to the two on the 1/ Knnt scat. I now looked at them, I ml could see that Miss Gerty was | talking volubly. Good girl,, she was evi- I tenth" doing so that we behind might feel I certain of perfect privacy. . I Ella had been sitting silent for a consider, I able time. Now, with some, hesitation, in I Lr manner, she said, ''There is something I I would liko to tell you in strict confidence, I Mr. llusden." I "What is it, Miss Ella? -' I "Mr. Leasing has asked me to marry | ""When did iie do so?" I asked in amaze- I ""Two days ago. Do you know, I distrust I and dislike that man very much. I have an I instinct that lie is bad and treacherous." I "J feel much the same way myself about I hiin; but 1 know nothing against him that I would give mo a valid reason for my aver- I sion Did lie make his proposal m such a I wnv as to offend you?" . I "'I was offended, because I am sure he I must have known how matters stood be- I tween Keith and myself. But he gave me I no opportunity of taking offence at him. He I was very respectful. He sard lie had eared I for me for a long time — nlthough I do not I believe tbnt he cares for me at all— and lie I said that he had got father's permission to I speak to me." I "Did you (ell Mr. Summers? I "Yes, and I was alarmed when father I said that lie would not he displeased if I I chose to mnrry Mr. Lessing. Father told I me that some weeks earlier he had given I him a proof of how much lie cared for me. I cannot understand it all at once, but lie I seems to have impressed father very favor- I ablv." "Have you told. Miss Almyr about I this?" "Yes. Everything seemed to he going the I wrong way, and Gerty is always very good I lome." I "What did she say?" I . Hie ghost of a smile flitted across Ella's I face for a moment as slie answered, "She I said it was like the impudence" of tho old I .crocodile." 'This was so like what Miss Gerty would tayhijier lively way tliat.I could not help laughing.. In a minute, however, I was quite serious again. H "Does Mr. Hummers know about you and Keith?" I inquired. "1 am afraid not, Mr. Rusdon," Ella an- cwercd. , "1 am afraid I am very much to blame, but it is only since Charlie's dentil that there has been anything to tell. Keith asked me again and again to let us be cn- gaged, and to permit liim to ask father's sanction, but I kept putting it off." "But don't you think Mr. Summers must have observed how things were going?" "'Ob, you don't know father, Ml, ltusden, He is one of those big mnnly men that never teem to Eee these sort of tilings nt any time; and since poor Charlie's death he just goes about hip work in a way that would break your heart to sec, and never seems to notice anything." I 7 ninke nny remnrk when lie beard H im!, " been arrested?" n hen 1 told him about it, nnd snid I uas sure that Mr. IIopo was innocent, he J troubled, and snid, 'I hope he is, H utlc girl. .He always seemed a good fel- H low, but one never knows what will hap- B leli'ev VC1'' Tel'ri'oxcd to know what to B things might bo worse," I said -v'O'JO'deriiig the evidence that is against tb, if Mr. Summers will believe that he NR !? junoecnt till he is proved to be guilty, H Mil5 ?s .mnc'' ns we can reasonably expect. „!tvicw docs Miss Summers take of the IB matter?" B i.ij ,can!?t understand Aunt Jane at all , s'e was very much grieved at H ii fl» i nIKt seemed to brood over B ii,„ ,, .nK time; and now there seems to B til i !"o else troubling her a great deal. B im l. '? has taken no interest nt all in B ,l, W' doings, though before Christmas B KiiiT ? "vuys some remark to make if B 1 . W"!111, ?le U"J' 1'ttle attention." B (inn i , m, v,,e had arrived at the sta- ?ai that only Miss Summers wns B Un ,' s!' told us that her brother had B Il.Ti- , 111 the morning to go to the B aw!! le,n1n.1> nnd that Mr. Leasing had B he m'? , S'le thought it would B imS.Mlng el9ro they returned. I was B tEli v aurl'"scd nt the graciousness of B fUm ,- -1. , 'c accorded to me personally. B rimutf8' , I""?' thus express it, so lnbo- B liaJ nn eurdinl, that I soon suspected she B tcfow, uXCj t'rind- She had, as I found B TmLi da>' wns out. I over \<l ,(38,son mady, and when it was B Wnda'h fm. , n,i" t went to the ve- B fluent ,!! aiBimo,k?; £y companion was a B ,cMunt i?fCr )r r I nni£ 1' Save me nn B years T? i"s, \ the past eight or nine B Werswr in %e?. Ivat jackaroo and then B im 9P o£ which Mr. Almyr B '"to a en three years ago, coming B Stinger iml1110"?5'' gone to station UP ns stock and D He Wast1 ',9 was doing fairly well. B !"> tarecr n«n« 8 8om? nmusmg incident in B 'lis cloquetiri "ew,c'lu'm, when suddenly B f?-»ereXa "W "l he himself be- B 18 Raze, i?»wing tho direction of B Pra(®- too?rv,i l'88, Gerty walking in tho B 111 to lenvo mi i0 s, Politeness forbade B ave we timi ti too abruptly, and tlmt B frre is somnit?, 8a\'' p-ocuse me, please, B Almyr," and Tlifi i IV1S'' to say to Miss B i0UBS wan will L i!m doubt if tliat B KowmiIar oceo«iom courtcous n8a"> B '"owoftadi' Minfi forty's lively ways B " — i im I.. 1 'had learned by this I have been told something to-dav Hint- t cannot understand at all " 8 y tlmt 1 1 was pleased to see that Miss Gertv'o face grew as serious as my own. "I am only a„ S J! ' , ATr. Rusdcn, and have not seen a great deal of the world, ns you have; but any lielp l can give you you are u-clcomc to Fl'wifi !B whAt 7,b,'nuilinS me, Miss Gerty. Ella tells, one that Mr. Lessing lias asked her ".""'i;?; !"m: hut she says she is quite cer tain that lie does not care for her. Now I have nuzzled my brains ever since to find l.iv'V 'T.t'Vo.T-essing can linvc for want- liig liei for lus wite, if lie be not in love with her. I he mail who marries Ella Summers does so only for her own sake, for I ni n sure that _ her father has no fortune give with her.. I could vcrv easily understand anyone caring so much for liillft that he would be proud and happy to get her in the gown she stands in; but, I repeat, I cannot comprehend wliv Lessing, if he do not care for her, should wish to win her. Girls seldom err on the sule of believing too little of a lover's pro- ffsioiiH, yet, do you think that it is just that Ella may have done so in this instance? ft is the only explanation that occurs to inc. 1 would like your opinion, as you have had a number of opportunities of -observing the gentleman with her." .-, ".You must only tnlce my opinion for what it is worth, Mr. Rusden; but I must sav that it never struck mc tbnt Mr. Lessing eared for Ella. Of course you never know how any particular man will show his re gard; yet if you find all the ordinary symp toms absent, you may reasonably suppose that lie is not smitten very badlv. it nt all." "And you have never seen anything to lead you to suppose tlmt Lessing cares more for Ella tbnn she believes?" "Only one little trifling tiling of no im portance." "Tell me what it was, please," "Tho evening before poor Charlie was murdered, Ella and Mr. Lessing nnd myself all went for a ride. When we came home Ella and 1 went into the dining room nnd she at once took off her hat 111111 gloves and laid them on the table. Then, I think, I said I wns thirsty; and we cut two lemons nnd squeezed the juice into tumblers 011 sugar, and went out to the verandah to fill our glnBscs at the water bag. After n little when we returned, we found that Mr. Les sing hail roine in in the meantime. 11c was standing beside Ella's lint and gloves, anil seemed to be touching them, but lie moved away at once when we entered the room." "What did you think lie was doing?" "Well, bad he eared for Ella, he might have wanted to take one of her gloves; or, if he had wished to give her some in a pre sent, it would have been a good way of finding out the size she took. "And which do you think ho wished to do?" "Well, both gloves were left; and I knou he never gave her any, for I asked her; but perhaps poor Charlie s death may have put the matter out of his head." "And that wns the only thing upproacli- ing a 'symptom' you ever noticed? Thank you, Miss Gerty. By the way, how many odd gloves havo you got at home? The shrewd, serious girl nns gone, and the arch, lively Miss Gerty was back in the twinkling of nn eye. "That would be tell ing, Sir. Rusden. You are real mean. I ll never help you again." _ . "Let us part friends, Miss Gerty; I am going to efface myself now for the rest of the eveniug, before the gentleman on the .verandah, who has all the 'symptoms,' comes and takes my scalp." So saying, I left her and went into the house. I was glad to find the diningroom empty, ris I wished to write in my notebook the information which Ella and bliss Almvr had given me. I had procured copies of the depositions of the witnesses at the inquest and police court, and had carefully arranged the notes I look of what Keith told me in the prison. The plan on which I meant to work wns— first to gather the particulars of everything Hint had happened for some time' before Charlie Summers's murder; of everything that had happened since to those in nnv way connected with him ; making a note of things great and_ small, even when tliev seemed altogether irrelevant to the ease; aud then, having got my materials, to sit down nnd study them diligently, and try and worm out the hidden clue to tho mvsterv. I admit that very many of the tilings " I noted then were never of the slightest use to me, and I will, therefore, trouble you with few of them; yet, I think if vou consider lion desperate was Hopes position, you will understand tlie enger- noss with 'which I clutched at every strap. Perhaps, also, a reason why I -wished to spend time 111 accumulating these ininutuc wns that I dreaded the hour when they would all be gathered, and I would have to nslc my brain to master them, nnd solve the enigma. I lind grave misgivings that in its dulled condition it would be unable to read tho riddle. These unpleasant thoughts were inter rupted by the entrance of Miss Jane Sum mers. She had a book in her hand, which I was somewhat surprised to see, when she laid it down, wns "The Poems of Frances Ridley Havergal." I had not seen lier since her nephew's death, and I felt constrained to offer tho usual conventional condolences. After I had done so, and was sitting silently wondering whftt I could' say next, the lady, relieved iny embarrassment by taking up the conversation herself. Out of "Frances Ridley" she produced a sheet of writing pa per, nnd said, "I wnnt you to do me a favor, Sir. Rusden, please. Everybody says you nre a very clover lawyer; will you kindly read this paper?" I took it from her, and found tlint it was evidently copied from n Government form. It wns headed "Victoria," nnd showed that one -Robert. Summers wns tho owner of a toun lot in Melbourne. "Is this the copy of a paper in your pos session, Miss Summers?" "Yes, Mr. Rusden. "And bow can I serve you?" '"Will you please find out if the land it relates to is worth anything?" "Certainly I will do that much for you. May I see tlie original?;' The question wns evidently unexpected, and Miss Summers hesitated before she an- swered, "I am afraid I could not lay my hands on it just at once, Ml. Rusden. I think I must have mislaid it. Poor Char lie's dentil upset everything, so. "Olil Did you make this copy before "Yes," bLc said; but I thought she hesi- tnted even more than at first ns she an swered. There was always a look of latcntcunning about the woman's moutli, nnd, most un fortunately, ob I found out afterwards, I thought 1 could perceive the reason u'liy she would not let me see the original docu ment. I believed that she was afraid to trust me with it. The real reason vou who know what I did not learn till after wards, .will readily guess. Although none too well pleased, I put the paper into my pocket, promising to communicate with a friend in Melbourne who would get her the information she desired. Soon afterwards she left the room, and I was slightly amused to notice that "Francos Ridley " having served her purpose, remained be hind on the table. It was late that evening when Mv. Sum mers and Leasing returned. The latter gen tleman gave 1110 the same impression flint hp always had clone, of living in 1111 atmos phere ol his own, which my mind could not penetrate to got at the real man it enve loped. He had not changed in any parti cular from tho first time I saw mm, and was ns silent and as inscrutable as ever. Mr. Summers, on tlie other hand, wa,. mo- fully altered. I could scarcely believe that the sorrow stricken man who sadly shook hands with me nns tlie jovial gentleman who had given me such a liearlv welcome at Christmas time. I had decided not to nave nny private conversation with him that night, und 1 wns relieved when the evening wore out, and it was time to retire to bed. (To be Continued.) 