THE SKETCHER. Down a Gold Mine. BY A LADY PERIPATETIC. To visit Ballarat and not to go down a mine is rather like seeing Rome and missing St. Peter's, or going to Paris and forgetting the Louvre. I de- termined to take a trip down a mine when I recently paid a flying visit to the "golden city." My friends assured me that it was a dubious, not to say a dangerous, pleasure, and threw out vague hints about mysterious and stifling gases and trea- cherous machinery in a manner calculated to alarm a woman who does not pretend to be a Sister Dora or a Lady Burton. I was also in- formed that going down in the cage is something like taking an anæsthetic and not being quite sure of waking up again, which is hardly a cheer- ing definition. As a matter of fact, the only alarming part of going down a mine is the cos- tume one is obliged to wear. It would have trans- formed Venus into a plain and unattractive young person and have brought Marie Antoinette and her laundress to the same dead level of dowdiness. It consists of a dingy white linen skirt, gathered with fine, unfashionable impartiality all round; a white coat of corresponding dinginess relieved by splashes of mud, men's laced-up boots ornamented in the same way as the coat, and a very dirty miner's hat flopping over one's eyes. When a woman has the courage so to attire herself, all other dangers appear but as sounding brass and tink- ling cymbals. The women of our party were each given a lighted candle to carry, which in combi- nation with our singularly unbecoming garb must have given us the appearance of mediæval peni- tents. We stepped into the cage, and before we left the upper air our guide tied our skirts round the ankles with a stout piece of string. This was to prevent any drapery from flying out and catching in the machinery. The cage is a rough lift, made of iron and without sides, having only an iron bar in the centre to hold by. It is not at all like the cushioned and mirrored elevators that convey luxurious townsfolk up and down city buildings. It is worked by huge ropes that act as pulleys, and I learnt that if a rope should break a couple of iron bars would instantly spring out from the sides of the cage and fall into niches made to re- ceive them all down the sides of the shaft. Our guide gave the signal and we sank swiftly down for 1600ft., and found ourselves in an under- ground world. The mine is worked during the whole 24 hours, the men taking turns in eight- hour "shifts." It cannot be a comfortable place in which to spend a third of one's existence. The earth was catacombed with low timbered "drives" or tunnels, each with its truck line. They were unlighted except by the distant glimmer of candles, and wet, muddy, and slimy under foot. Supplies of fresh air are brought in pipes from the top; but the atmosphere seemed fairly stifling after the sweet, keen air of the Ballarat hills. The guide was surprised that I found the level close. "Why," he said, "it's beautifully cool here. In some workings down 3000ft. of shaft the men can only stand the heat in short spells." But even to this working the graphic expression of Edward Dyson, the miner's poet, might be ap- plied, The atmosphere was like a second suit. It is not wonderful that years of working under- ground should often bring on miners' consump- tion, a disease engendered by bad air. After the cheerful sunlight this underground world seemed gloomy and vaultlike, and I should scarcely have been surprised if a company of gnomes or dwarfs had met us as we toiled painfully along the nar- row, wet, tunnels, or the ghost of a miner had glided past into the darkness. But we saw nothing less substantial than a gang of miners timbering a drive. This is the most tedious and expensive work in a mine. The miners drive down to a certain depth and then work upwards, timber- ing as they go. Each drive is lined and roofed with huge, seasoned, wooden pillars. This must all be done before the working for gold begins. In spite of the size and strength of the timbers, they soon give way, under the perpetual pressure of the drives above, and have to be renewed. Too often the timbers fall unexpectedly, and then we hear ghastly stories of the entombment of living miners. Such accidents do not always end as happily as Fred Baker's adventure in Dyson's spirited poem named "The Rescue." The sight of these mighty pillars, bending beneath earth and quartz, brings to mind the mining hero immor- talised by Bret Harte as "Flynn of Virginia":— Thar in the drift, Back to the wall, He held the timbers, Ready to fall. Then in the darkness I heard him call: "Run for your life, Jake! Run for your wife's sake! Don't wait for me." All this time I had taken the fact that I was in a gold mine, on trust. There was not the slightest appearance of the precious metal anywhere. A line of trucks of broken quartz buried in mud met my eyes as I left the cage, and I was told that gold would be crushed out of the dingy heaps; but the glittering stuff was hidden away from the eyes of the uninitiated. At last, after walking miles on slippery rails, with many slips into sticky mud, we reached a cavern, where I was told I should see gold- bearing stone. Here miners were at work with pickaxes on the rock. It was not at all like one of the magic caves of the "Arabian Nights," where gold appears in the shape of fruit, hanging on trees and ready to drop into one's lap. The cavern was of dark slate-coloured stone, with seams of white quartz running round it in forks or spurs. By the candle-light I could just see tiny specks of gold flashing in the white surface. And this was good paying stone. "Things seen are mightier than things heard." and no description, however graphic and vivid, can bring a miner's work before one's eyes like a trip down a mine. Standing ankle-deep in muddy water, and seeing the truckers pushing trucks of quartz along the truck rails to the cage, I thought of the time, little more than half a century ago, when women dragged trucks on their hands and knees in English coal mines. We had ad- vanced a little since the dark days before the Earl of Shaftesbury exerted himself to put a stop to the employment of women as beasts of burden. To the uninitiated, the labour of a miner in a gold mine does not seem complicated. But it demands the strictest integrity, stout muscles, endurance to bear turning out on a winter night for the "mid- night shift," and the pluck of a soldier to face the risk of death by suffocation or entombment. "It's no fish ye're buying, Monkbarns," said Luckie Mucklebackit, "it's men's lives." Perils are not all seaborn, and the minted sovereigns we give and take so thoughtlessly are equally "men's lives." A truck line ran from the mouth of the mine to the crushing battery, to which we made a pilgrim- age after we had been steeped in mining terms and mud down below. In the poem called "The Native Born," Kippling speaks of The growl of the sluicing stamp-head. The stamp-heads or stampers of a battery do not only growl, but roar like an angry ocean. They look like great organ pipes or pillars of iron, standing in a box and fitted with iron shoes and saucers. The stampers are the most imposing part of the machinery of a mine, and crush the quartz trucked to them to fine dust. This precious dust is then run by means of water across slanting plates covered with quicksilver, to which gold adheres. This is the sluicing operation. The last process is the drawing off of the quicksilver from the amal- gam and the placing of the gold in stone crucibles, where it is tried and refined by fire. The mining industry of Ballarat is peculiarly interesting, as it furnished one of the few pic- turesque breaks in the smooth flow of the stream of Australian history. From the battery could be seen the dim distant outline of the dwarf tower that watches over the site of the Eureka Stockade. It bears this brief inscription:— "Eureka Stockade, Sun- day morning, 3rd December, 1854." Here a hand- ful of diggers, maddened by what they considered the unjust interference of the police in their search for gold, took "arms against a sea of troubles." The monument marks the spot where for the first and only time in Australia's story the Queen's subjects and the Queen's soldiers met in deadly conflict. It stands on a bare rise all "hunched with hillocks," not of Nature's making. They are the remains of old diggers' workings, and each unbeautiful clayey heap could tell a tale of the hopes and fears, successes and failures, of the early miners, whose only stock-in-trade consisted of muscular arms, a few rough tools, and a cradle. 