IS1--T1SST MARVELS OF SCIENCE. tfBBBOYALbOOl^'SSOnoa collection of oil in an unusually interesting collection of tîSs -entitle wonders at the annual f"LZ*c'tho Royal Society which was held S"-?"?? T, TTcus on the 10th May and was as first half past;' !" c as vast as the most striking wheat was 'SS.. nUcleus «,1!--,lcal »'?"1.-"!0 i', "T,-. BALLOT "In between the tor "-gate-post on the tables It is admirably fees does a mahogany and plateglass case ' but he will n to i headed scrubs, so as to -4 on. in their eyes for reporter -leaving ¡¡Äh,Tno,5 -machine was. lent by tins and risings the Crystal Palace for its Com ''Messines but being subsequently in "A behalf the Victorian Exhibition a' Pi, are being produced the 1 largest and finest v».iU'teiu the world, being three times "tbmeoliU cm Sydenham Apparently »-"Clchms enûrul53,,ow in the shape of a f^'TS"Illusion were the photographs sister -Pte by Mr Ene-tuart colonies]- ""gular, hemp rope blue s" aS images" which exist only in the all us "l'°;?l?l "Pantoscope The instrument was 'alleged to Stories of ISM and 1801 and EAS- °_iadchpiosont to the mere ghost stain which other object, can be seen -!" by the transparency of the aerial l'-ojcot.oijs most interest to the boatman in was Mr F C Inf rownR indicator, showing continuous six ordinary indicator diagram recorded As far more: Tt'c""'IJ a file pressure for an compresses the spring During the J Imrirard after a stroke has been recorded, S earwiails the due in strip into a new ' In while other oca- oh allis o diagram, of saw every lift', stroke With this intent ideals with rest and both to style and horse spirit of a course of TO strokes uL E S Land- Ihomp'nu exhibited an enormous _jf3»Herir."". transmission and also two L Thermo sir This homes showed a ^TriulrPtat..-. an mr made by the Cambridge , 27th Corner It i -lies at a speed of lm turns per minute Professor Oliver Lodge M ed a v cry dclic de demonstration of German's äJWto'»«« of words lines by the for of a magnetic him on the source of light iTa,pertops the greatest novelty of the even I "A or Lodge has only just succeeded in her carrot or li do the lines reader, but split "six threes and even more This may turn it to be (as if si-riutica.net. An exhibit by Lord riwrrraafferdeUv-cmnhlir-atioii of the peculiar "flriic-ld-hi-ration of micro- lcnidopter., and (îT-n-Bcld ills.' used the curious effect on each! of different temperatures applied in the pupils OF ____-_?_-_----_-----.---" 