A STRUGGLE IN QUICKSAND. ' In a story of a traveller, just returned from iSew Mexico, is a thrilling description of an escapo trom a'quicksancl. Tlie story, as given in the New York'Sim, relates the adventures of a writer and his companion, who reached the bank of the Rio Grande in a buckboard. -They-were-looking for a place to ford, when they n>et au.old.man who showed them a placd where/ihey' might- get across by carefully following his direction. These were that they must go straight across, not turning a 'step to the right or left, and not standing still for a single minute. If they failed in any of these matters the old man saidj nothing [could save them from being swal lowed up by the quicksand. "We under; stood,says the traveller, " and ive drove down the bank and into the river. Once in the water there, was no turning back. Our wheels.at once .went down to the hubs ill the fine sand of the "bottom, and our -horses sank in__it> -to their- knees. Our I on]}- salvation was to keep; going. The water I" was anywhere from one to three feefc.deop^-j | the loose sands beneath it could have engulfed i cathedral and left no sign of where it-had stood. Plunging into holes where the horsei went under almost out of sight, and the water "rose above our knees as we sat in the buck! board, again rising to shallows were the water ran only a few inches deep aboi e the sands, we managed to keep our course. ^ dozen, times the horses came to a standstill; unable for a moment to keep the buekboard in motion, and we could feel how fast w'e were sinking. Then by a great effort they pulled thy buekboard along, and \ye weresavedagaini The breaking of a trace—a delayof ten seconds from any cause—and team and buekboard would have been hopelessly lost, and it would have been the end too of my companion and me.' : We were glad when we pulled up th$ opposite bank. I hope I shall never have an experience like'that again." j A Ghost Story.—A party of people had been telling ghost stories, the ghosts in every case being accounted for in some matter-of, ■,fact ;wny->y^ich aroused .tha .laughter :of;:th^ listeners "when they came to an end. At last; 'the'host'was-Bsked for his ^contribution.-X1.1 saw a ghostonce/' lieadmltfed;'-'''and- although it's a. good while' since' I've" thought of it I can well rememlier my'friglit. I was a boy about twelve years old> and-I- had- beeri oif fishing all day. I stopped' to take supper ' at my uncle's farm on the way homo, and after supper went, out to the barn with my cousin Sim while he did the milking. Then i Sim and I sat down in the hayloft for a while discussing some plan, I have forgotten what, and ifc was dusk before I started on my lonely w.ilk'home:' I had never known what it was to be afraid, but I did remember, as I started down the long lano close to the graveyard, that some foolish girls had said ghosts walked | in that lane after dark. Just after I had j turned into the lane I saw what seemed to be a shadowy figure walking, or rather flitting, j a short distance in front of me. Involunl tarily I lagged a little ; the shadowy figure seemed to do the same. Then I hastened my steps, and still the flitting figure in shadowy garments kept before me, at exactly the same distance. In spite of myself I began to feel frightened, and when I turned out of the lane on to the loneliest stretch of road anywhere about and saw the hovering figure still before ' me, the perspiration started out of my forer head in beads. I put up a damp hand to a still damper forehead and brushed away ,-i wisp of hay which had been hanging from my hat-brim in front of my eyes ! I saw no more j of my ghostly companion, it is needless to ] say, and I was so ashamed of myself that it was years before I could make up my mind to tell such a joke on myself. 