in The Nfclc of Time. The Thrilling Expeiienca of a Tele graph. Operator. Mira Lily Somers, night telegraph opera tor at the Floodwood station, sat before her ■table, on which a .telegraph instrument ■dieted busily, a ^thoughtful expression on her iace. Floodwood was a ’ forlornly desolate fpot and one where r.ny woman except Lily would have been afraid to come, much less to utBy alone at night, with nothing cat the wind sadly sighing through the wires overhead, and tho thrill shrieliB oi the wild cats away up on tho mountain eide to keep her company through her nightly vigils. But to her there wee. something fascinating in t'no very desolation of the place. From early childhood ehe had been accustomed to oommuno wirh nature in tho wildest scenes, and played and wandc-red at will in the mountain glenB and earone. With no foolish old woman or siliy nurse-girl to frighten her ehildiBh seneo with stories o£ hideous ghosts and monstrous goblins, she had grown to womanhood naturally bravo and ienriesB. In truth she did not yet understand the.meaning of the word fear. Her office was nothing more than a roughly-built shanty, seven or eight feet square, with a small window in each end, and one in the door which faced the rail road track. It had been hurriedly put to gether with green lumber while the road was in course of construction, with tho intention oi only using it temporarily until a letter one could be built, but ss usual in suohcases, it had done duty for its original purpose over The rough, unpainted boards were now badly warped and shrunken by long ex posure to the elements, and in many places ltr.-e knots had fallen completely out. Ino doubt in the winter time the bleak mountain wind cheerily whistled through these many apertures, and while one sice of the unhappy operator was being nicely browned like a piece of toast by the red-hot stove, the other sido would be refrigerated like s frozen rabbit. J t was about one o’clock in tho morning when Lily received an order from the train dcapatcher, which read as follows : “ To Operator, Fioodwood.—Ilold No. 21 until No. 2i arrives.—E.Iv.C.” Oa receipt of this order she immediately displayed the red signal light-, which is fur. uished all telegraph stations for this purpose, in G oonspiouous place, in plain sight of pas sing trains, and also where it could bo seen from the office window. The necessity for this order and position of the two trains, briefly stated, were as ioliows : No. 22 had arrived at Silver Creek, ten miles west of Floodwood, a few minutes after No. 21 had passed Eadwood, which was thirteen miles oast of Floodwood. As No. 22 was late, and could go no further on the schedule, according to the rules of the road, they would bo oompelled to lay at Silver Creek until No. 21 arrived there, unleea they could get orders by telegraph to meet them at some ether station. Floodwood being the only intervening telegraph office between the two trains, tho despatcher gave the above order to that station, and as soon as it was properly acknowledged by Lily,.ho sent another order to No. 22 at Silver Creek, which read in this manner : “To Conductor and Engineer, N.o. 22,— Meet No. 21 at Floodwood. Approach care fully.—E. K. C." The intelligent reader will readily under stand that by mesne oi these orders two trains would meet each other at Flood-.vood in pcrleot safety, notwithstanding that one of them knew nothing of tho arrange To explain: If No. 21 should arrive first, they would be Etopped by the red light which ehowed there were orders for them at the etation. The conduotor and engineer would immediately proceed to the telegraph office, where the operator would deliver them a copy of the order to hold them for No. 22. This would be sufficient,and they would wait until No. 22 arrived. If -No. 22 should arrive first, the execution of tho order would he yet moro simple. No. 22 would take siding, and as soon as they were clear Lily would be at liberty to take down the red signal lantern, and allow No. 21 to pass without stopping. If both trains should ‘happen to arrive at t,be same time, the red signal would stop No. 21, and, as No. 22 had insiructions fo “approach carefully,” they would do so, expecting to find No. 21 occupy ing the main track. Lily perfectly understood tho importance of-the order she had ju3t received, and dur ing the long hour, which wore slowly away, she kept careful watch of the signal light, which, however, continued to burn brightly as ever. At last she heard a rumbling noise nwny in the west, which gradually became louder and louder and more distinct. By this sho knew that No._ 22 was coming, and would probably get in on the siding before No. 21 should arrive. The rambling became louder and louder each moment; tho earth began to tremble, and the peculiar vibration in the air which gives warning of a rapidly approaching train hummed loudly in her cars. Sho began to feel anxious, as they were evidently coming at a high rate of speed, and not approaching as carefully as their order had instructed them; she nlso had not yet heard the whistle which i3 always sounded by trains when approaching a station, and this ommission increased her fears that something was wrong. But eho was given no time for farther re flection, os tho train now suddenly dashed around a curve not a hundred yards distant, running at full speed. Lily flew out and stood between the rails, swinging her hand lamp wildly acroca tho track and shouting at the top of her clear young voice. But no attention was paid to her signal, the train coming madly on with such a rattle and clash that it drowned the eound of her voice. The roaring, rushing train was now upon her, and she barely had lime to spring from the track ami escape with her life. With n rattling crash ami an awful ius'11 of air the hissing, throbbing monster sped .swiftly past her, while the clank, clank, clank c.f the car wheels parsing over loose splice near hy was so rapid that it resembled the qubk hammer ing on the anvil in a blacksmith’s shop, For a moment Lily was unnerved and he wildwnd, but suddenly ardueiog hereelf to action she rushed into the office, and, seizing a piece o! fire-brick that did duty as a stove leg ebe turned and hurled it through the window t>( the caboose, which was just pee, Bing, An instant later the redlights on the rear end of the train had disappeared around a curve in the out, and the rattle of the runaway train quiokly lessened in the dis Lily’s heart (hrobbad painfully, and she was seized with a eudden fit of shivering which most persons of delicato organisations are subject to when under great excitement. As soon as she had somewhat recovered, the went iDto tho office and calling to the train despatches who answered at once, she “No. 22 passed at full speed and No. 21 not yet arrived !” “My God!” telegraphed back the des patches as swiftly as his frightened fingers could iorm the letters, “ the crew must bo CEleep. They wiil strike in that cut and pile up fifty feet high I Heavens, this ia horriblo 1” Lily then wont on to explain that she had attempted to awaken them by throwing a brick through the caboose window, and on hearing this the despatcher opened bis key without waiting for her to finish, and said, excitedly : “Run to the east of the siding, and if yon eee them backing up throw tho switch and let them on the Eiding. No. 21 is not duo hero for five minutes, and there is a chance for them yet.” “ I have no switch key,” said Lily. “ Break the lock with a hammer, a rook, or anything,” wae the quick reply. "Bun— fly!” Lily seized an old axe that was lying handy, and, with a vague idea that she might also need the red light, she took it in her other hand and fletv up the track with the Bpeed of the wind, at the imminent risk of falling and breaking her neck in the inky darkness. Ones she stumbled and fell, and the lantern was dashed from her hand, and went rolling along the ground far beyond her reach by the sudden impetus which her fall had given it; but without pausing to regain it, she sprang to her feet and bounded The switch at tho cast end of the siding was fully half a mile from the office, and about'the same distance from tho beginning of the cut. If No. 22 could be on the siding in time, they would be safe; but if they attempted to back down the main track past the telegraph office, they were liable to be overtaken by No. 21 before going half the distance, as, according to the deepatcher’s figures, No. 21 should now be very close. As Lily reached the switch, a pair of gleaming red lights suddenly appeared around the curve in the out, and eho knew that the train was already rapidly backing up, and' that eho had not a moment to lose. Feeling for the lock in the darkness, she. then struck it several heavy blows with the' axe, which she still retained. Luckily, one of ti;e blows took < fleet, and the broken lock dropped to the ground. She then grasped the switch levc-r, and attempted to throw it over, but it resisted her utmost effort to move it. Tho train was now only a short distance away, and, with the energy of despair, she braced her feet against the switch-standard, and, putting forth her strength in one mighty effort, the obstinate lever come over with a sudden jerk, and No. 22 glided safely in on the siding. The shrill scream of a whistle was now heard in the cut, and ns soon ns the linin was clear the again exerted all her ot her strength, and threw the switch back to its former position. A headlight was now flashed around the curve, and a moment later No. 21 rushed roaring hy. Lily, by her bravery, promptness, and presence of mind,, had averted a terrible oalamity. At the official investigation, which took place a few dayB later, the entire crew o! the runaway train acknowledged that they were asleep, and that the conductor hr.d been awakened by a brick thrown in at the caboose window. The only excuse they had for their neglect of duty was that they had been cn the road for thirty-two consecutive hours without sleep or rest, and that they were completely worn out. Notwithstanding tho fact that the manage ment of the road were responsible for requiring the men to run this long double trip, the entire crew were summarily discharged for criminal neglect of duty, as though man’s endurance was an infallible bank, to be drawn on at pleasure. 