CHAJPTEB. Xl. There were strangers - " off-conies " they call "them in-that part of the world. at the Gate Farm. The new inmates had bought Jerry s stock, and had pur- chased other cows, which they drove, as Esther had gi often driven Daisy and Dolly, io and from the beck-field. On a certain March afternoon the solemn troop of fawn, dun and red kins caine up the laue, as usual, a carolled psalm behind them betraying the presence of the milk-maid who followed at their heels, knitting as vigorously as she chanted in the warm evening. A sturdy figure, with red hair, and in a seamaulike suit of dusty rough serge, seemed to await the passing of the herd. He leant on a gate about a hundred yards from the farm, and looked, with glances of recognition, upon the cows. They passed soberly j>ast him, and then the figure of the singing girl came into view. 1 She was dressed in the ordinary garb, of a farm-girl, and had broad, red cheeks and coarse hair. Th6 man who bent over the gate eyed her with a mixture of relief, disappointment, and curiosity. Then he opened the gate, took a step or two into tue road, and joined lier. " You are bidin' at t'Gate Farm, missis ?" he said enquiringly, after bid- ding her good-day. ; " Aye," she responded, glancing up at him, and seeing an unknown counten- ance. " How long ast'o bin there ?" " What's yon to you ?" asked the girl ?>rusquely. "ItVa deal to me. I ha' tramped all day across country to get here to-night, thinkin' that the folk I used to know war here still at t' Farm." 4 " Dosto mean the Jupps ?" asked the giri, standing still- in the road, and letting her kine turn in at the gate of their own free wilt. "Aye, Wheer are they flitted to?" | "Owd Jerry's laid i' th' churchyard, Tim's away somewhere t' South, and th' gran' lady, as was their cousin once upon a time, is bidin- wi' her mesther, I reckon." "The gran' lady?" repeated the other slowly. "Are, Mrs. Sandys, 1 think they ca'edher." "I ha' heai'd nought," said the stranger, taking off his cap, and running his hand through his hair. "Maybe you can tell me about it, for I feel fair muddled." " Then yo' mun come in t' shippen," rejoined the girl, " fori mun be off after t' cows." She humed across the cobble-stones, and the other followed her slowly, glancing round at the familiar objects. The girl sat down to her milking, and a man in a smock brought a stool, and went to the further end of the shippen. The milk frothed from the two pair of hands into the pails, and the sunlight streamed in at the open door. The blue-coated stranger leant against the wall, and, to these accompaniments, heard the story of Esther, her grand kin, and her marriage. " Thank ye, missis," he said, when the girl had finished, " thank ye." He made no other remark, though he breathed a little heavily, and asked for some milk. When he had drunk it he took up his stick aud bundle, and moved to the doorway, looking back overplus shoulder to ask a question. "Is Mi's. Phizacklea alive, up at th' ?Croft Farm ?" he demanded cursorily. " Aye," said the girl, looking round the cow's tail atrium, "An* Mrs. ShaùMin, the school- master's wife ?" ^ " Aye," was again her rejoinder. " Then ye can tell any .as care3 to know as" Josiah . Phizacklea is home again, au' as he' had adventures fit to make th' hair on the etallies at Over- stone drinkin'-fountain stand on end." And the stranger, as he ^delivered this speech, shouldered hb stick, with the bundle slung to the end of it, marched, from the shippen across the yard, and set off in the direction of Overstone. "She war my wife," he said to the hedges, as he tramped along. " She war my wife tight and fast." He chose firab to go down into O rer stone, partly because ne had no affection for his aspiring heirs up at the Croft Farm, and partly because he had a series of thrilling adventures to relate, which were to make him the hero of the hour. He desired an audience for his tale, and an audience, moreover, as large as Over- stone could yield. He reached-the grey cold-looking town at about sis o'clock,' without-meeting any acquaintance' upon the "road, and turned into the nearest,' public house, his shoes sounding heavily upon the flagged floor, as he closed the door with ii3 tingling bell behind him. The landlord came out, and, merely perceiving a burly figure in the passage, gave his conventional greeting and opened the door that led into the room behind-the bar. Josiah moved forward, '' seeing three stout figures through the floating meshes of smoke. Their pipes were in their mouths, their brimming mugs on the table beside them. Their fest scraped a little on the sanded floor as they turned slightly to the newcomer, who advanced slowly into the stronger light, and then stood motionless. " Hey?" he said, taking of his cap, and revealing his features fully, " Hey ?" \- His attitude, his tone, his glance as hs bent a little forward, were ali so indica- tive of " What do you think of this, eh ?" that the three occupants of the room turned more completely towards him. One of them had known Josiah -Phiz-, acklea formerly. His eyes widened and hig jaw fell as lie looked at the man in the doorway -, then he dropped his pips upon the ground, where it broke with a little crash. . My, God !" he said.-below. his breath. \- " I thought I'd gi'e you a bit o' a turn, Michael Ashburner," said Josiah with much satisfaction. "'Tisn't often yo' ha' a ghost as fleshed as.I i' Overstone. I reckon yo' all thought I was drosvnded, now did«' yo'?" "Dead drowned," gasped the other, breathing heavily, ami appearing half dazed as- he still looked upon this un- foreseen resurrection. " Aye, but I'm mot so easy to ; drown," rejoined Phizacklea, chuckling. loudly, and drawing a chair to the table: The landlord"' had followed him' into the room, and now stood with his hand upon the latch, gazing from one to the other. He was new to Overstone, and at a Ios3 to comprehend the sudden excitement. ? " Yon man," said Michael "Ashburner, rising to his feet and pointing to Phizackloa with great solemnity, " yon man war drownded i't' quicksands two year this cotnin' month o' May. The others put down their pipes at this remarkable statement, scratched their heads, and eyed Josiah, phlegmati- cally. He kep't turning ¿from one to the other, with satisfied importance. " I doubt now," he said delightedly,, " I doubt now there are stallies an' wins an' weepin' willows set up i' Overstone' churchyard, all on account o' me?" ."Theer's a tombstone," said Michael Ashburner, with profound gravity, " theer's a tombstone, sure enow ' He still drew his breath deeply,-out- raged into heavy amazement. . Josiah accepted the ' tombstone as a fresh tribute to his newly-gained honours. He turned to the landlord, and ordered whiskey all round. . " Well-make a bout o' -it," he said, chuckling. "T?isn't every day as Over- stone ha' such a story to boast of. - We'll make a bout o't." The landlord brought the spirit with some haste, and at last Michael Ash- burner began to question thÍB.presence from the dead. Josiah settled himself in his. chair, and lit his pipe before he 1 would tell' any portion of Jus story. He had perhaps never attained BO complete a fulfilment of his love of notoriety as he attained to-day. "Tak* a good look afc me, Michael Ashburner," he said complacently. "Tisn't so often yo'll get a chance to peek at a mon as ha' bin through what I ha' bin through." " Asto bin through th' quicksands P" asked Michael, bluntly going straight to the immediate point of the matter. " Not exactly," rejoined Josiah, " but as near to it as anyone on this coast ha' bin." - " Th' horse war drownded," suggested Michael, as a stimulus to dragging out the story, which Josiah treated as leisurely as a connoisseur treats old port. " Aye, aye. Th' last I seed o' the old horse he war rattlin' away wi' t' cart to t' cockle-beds, an' I war (yin' flat on my back i' a pool o' watter." " Tumbled out ?" queried the landlord, as interested as anyone. " That war so. Yo' see, it war my weddin'-day, and I had a sup or two o' whiskey." "Thy weddin' day?" echoed Michael Ashburner. " Aye, aye. But yon's another story. We'm coma to 't by-and-bye. "Wheer war I ?" "T t' pool o' watter," suggested one of the listeners. AU had suspended their smoking, and made au attentive audience. " Wen, I lay i't' pool o' watter, lookin' up at t' sky. I don t somehow call it all to miud as clear as I might. But I know I looked to one side, an' tbeer war t' tide comin' in, appearin* rather unpleasant to a mau i' my position. An' I looked to t'other side, an' theer war a sight o' folk comin' alon?. So I set to, an hollered." " Ave P" chorused the eager audience, "aye?" "They reskted ms," resumed Josiah solemnly. "They-reskied me, au' then they pressed me !" "Pressed ye!" " Aye, aye. They war t' press-gang, sure enow ! Aa, fro* that day t' this, I ha* bin servin' His Majesty's Navy." Josiah's story became still more thrilling after this ; and,1, for an hour, he kept his listeners absorbed. Finally he relased how he had been released, and had taken passage for Overstone on a coasting-brig. The storm had come on soon after the - brig had left the river, and the'captain had turned her south- ward, intending to run her up the Loyae ;. but the »wind had driven her .past the mouth of that river, and she had finally been wrecked on the horse bank opposite the little fishing hamlet of Chase Heye3. At this stage of his adventures che garrulity of the farmer soared into eloquence. He described the wind and the waves with intoxicated fervour. He' ? drank to the memory 'of his brave J rescuers with sobs and hiccoughs. He blessed them, he extolled them, he de- clared them to be the finest crew of fishermen in all England. They had picked him np, clinging to a spar, when ali .those who had manned the brig had gone to the bottom. As Josiah grew tipsier-, he began to insist that they had pub out to sea solely on his account; there were eight, ten, a dozen, twenty of them in a boat, all straining at their oars to rescue-,one poor fannel floating ou a spai in mid ocean. He endeavoured to depict the ocean in his" whiskey-glass, and, but for forcible interference of the landlord, would have»rehearsed hts own swimming exploits upon the wooden table. Michael Ashburner and his two companions had expanded, iii the eres of Phizicklea, into a large audience. This audience cheered and encouraged him when hs paused in his pell-mell of words to, distil maudlin tears into -his pocket- bandkerchíéf. Finally he rose unsteadily from the table, with a vague idea that he must visit his old friends and seek his wife. He shook kinds with thirteen people, blessed them fervently and touchingly for their welcome of a poor wanderer, wiped his eyes again and again, and at;? last inaie an. unsteady exit, tottering down the little passage, and stumbling out into'the cool night. " Yon chap may ha' bin near drownded, an' had a boatt'u' o' men out arter him," said the landlord, surveying the other three figures, all of wnoin collapsed slutnbrously upon their chairs in the little parlour, " but, to my thinkin', he's long-winded enow to set up a storm for hissen, in any part o' th' land or sea wheér mappen he finds hissen." And he drew aside the short curtain to watch Josiah's figure zig-zagging away into the night. " Ive-been-in-a-storm-wheer th' waves-7-Aike-mountains ! I've been pitched-out o' a-brig-an'-ha' swum miles- an'-miles-in-a-sea ! IVe-^been-reskied-by-a - crew - o' -twenty in-à-boat !" chanted Josiah tipsily and drowsily to himself as he staggered on, marking long pauses in his recitative when he occasionally stood still for a moment, swaying to and fro. « ive-got-a-wife -a3 thinks she-is-a-gran-lady," he went on presently, running hÍ3 words one into the other, and steadying himself against a post that he might finish his sentence undistraeted by the effort to maintain his balance. As he leant up to the post he surveyed ths twinkling lamps of Overstone with bensvolence, surmising that they were stars. Then he sang a few more bars of his soliloquy; nodded confidentially to a crescent -moon above him ; and meandered deviously on. A little glimmering zig-zag of water wandered presently across his path. -. -r---?-.. .... . . ..^ -ii.-»:- ^ IJadley Beolc was, jost here; barely more Chan a shallow trickle. . Lower down it was joined by the Upper Beck, and frothed ont into a brown creaming stream. Josiah placed one foot upon the first of the steppiag-sfcone3, and brake lustily into his chant anew. " I've-been-in-a-sea-as roared -thirteen-to th' dozen! I've-ben washed-through mighty-waves-atop \- o'-a-broken spar! I've ben-« reskied-by-a--" The song broke off in a fall and a splash, for the hero of the wreck had toppled over into the brook. He lay on his back among the weeds and cresses, and smiled pleasantly at the sky. Six inches of water gurgled and rippled musically about his prostrate form; by-and-bye the wet permeated hiß cloth ing, but he found it, on the whole, re- freshing and agreeable to his heated skin. His head sank a little deeper into the mud, and the water began to dribble into his ears. He lifted up his voice, and reauraed his recitative. " I've ben-wrecked-on-bank-o' sand i' . th'-midst o' a-roaring tempest. I've bsn-reskied-by-a-boat an' a crew o' noble-men! I've ben-" The rest was choked, for his head had sunk a little lower into these calm, moon-reflecting shallows ; and about au inch of muddy water began to flow over his mouth. His forehead was barely - damp with the ripples; his burly chest bulged above the surface of . he brook. One hand splashed about a little, signifyingparhap3 that at last he tried to rise. Whether that were in- deed so nobody could ever tell, only by aud bye the restless hand was still. A heronflew down the stream, aud took up its station oa one leg beside him, and nothing but the musical bubbling of the watter, and the occasional twitter of a bird disturbed the stillness of the night. " He was found in the early morning by some labourers on their way to work. His head bad sunk a little lower, then, among the glimmering green tresses of the water weed3. When they lifted him and laid him carefully on the bank, he had been dead for nearly twelve hours. (To be Continued.) 