I POLITICAL ANS SOCIAL; i IBr 8.a] I . TUE SOUTH COAST. ICHRISTMAS and the two following days I spent in the Uln.du.Ua district, and although the weather was hot enough to satisfy the most extreme salamander, I enjoyed the visit exceedingly. Dairying is almost the only industry that is carried on in the I district, and the place is admirably adapted for the purpose, with the exception of a strip of country along the sea coast, which is very barren. Herein it diiters somewhat from the Kiama district, where the best pasture seems to be that on the very edge of the ocean. A great part of Boxing Day was occupied by me in going over a model farm at Milton, which has heen occupied by a Yorkshireman named Woodford for the last twenty-five years. The farm consists of 200 acres of capital soil. It is divided into about fifteen Haddocks, and the milking cows are taken all round these paddocks, remaining about three days in each. This method provides for the most economical use of the grass. Artificial fodder is supplied to the cattle whenever it is necessary to do so. Mr. Woodford is at present milking 90 cows, which is a considerable number considering the size of the farm. Every one of them is a Durham, and a picked beast-the proprietor wili not have an inferior animal of »ny kind on the farm-and all are good butter pro- ducers. From one of these cows Mr. Wood- ford obtained, as the result of a week's milking, no' less than 201b. Ooz. of butter. None of the others have done as well ns that, but their average is very high. The' pigs on the farra are splendid beasts - Berkshire chiefly-ond are soon made ready for market. Amongst them is n prize.boar, which weighs nearly ten hundredweight. As many of the people in your district are going in for dairy- ing, it occurred to me that a few particulars concerning my visit to Mr. Woodford's farm would be interesting to them. DAIRYING AMU THE LANI) TAX. THOUGH Mr. Woodford is one of the most prosperous farmers tn the South (Jouet district, he explained to me that at present prices for butter, it would not pay anybody to go on to heavily-timbered laud for the purpose of making a decent living out of dairying. When the Milton, Kiama, Gerrin f;ong and Shoalhaven farmers took up their and butter was h'alf-a-crown a pound,' and this warranted them in incurring the enor- mous expense of clearing their farms. The average coBt of this work-grubbing the trees und removing the floating,stones, with which the surface in sume places was nearly covered-was £12 an acre. Of course, ring barking does as a make-shift, but by the better class of the dairymen, or those who conduct their business in a scientific manner, thin in rpcarded as slovenlv-farminar. To tnis is regnraeaas slovenly -rarmtng. TO properly cleur a heavily-timbered farm of 60 acres would cost) £000, whilst' the addi- tional expenditure for providing fences, etc., would be considerable. . Such a fnrm, if of first-rate quality, might carry 25 milking cows, in addition to the other cattle, dry cows, springers, etc., and the returns, with butter at Od a pound, would hardly recom- pense a mun for his expenditure of capital and labour. Mr. Woodford, I may say, hates the lund tax with an intense hatred, and insists thnt in this country such a tax was both inexpedient and unnecessary. The unimproved value of bis farra has been ruted nt £12 an acre, and he says that the valua- tion is not unreasonable. Strange to say, he does not believe in the separator system,, or'rather, he does not consider it an improve-, ment on the old system. He skims the cream in the old-fashioned way, and sends it to Sydney, where it commands as high a price as any of the product of the creameries. His neighbours, however, do not agree with him ; they are believers in the creameries. THE INCOME TAX. , IT was only a few weeks ago that the per- sons in the colony who were regarded as subjects for income taxation were called upon to pay the tax for 180(1. A demand is now being made upon them for a further Instalment. A Gazette 'notice warns them that they must send in returns of their income for the present year by the 4th of .February, in order that the Commissioners may make an assessment for next year. .Whether a levy for the whole twelve months, or for only half the period, will be made,'has not been stated ; but Mr. Reid hinted Borne time nero thnt the tax for 18D7 would probably be collected In two instal- ments. Even If it should'be, it ls pretty rough on those people : who are liable to taxation, and whose incomes are the result of their personal exertion, to come down upon them twice within six months for eighteen months' income tax. This is government with a vengeance, and lt shows very little consideration for the persons who have to pay tho tax. Some of them will be greatly inconvenienced in consequence of the fresh demand, but that , does not trouble the Treasurer, who appears to be more con- cerned to make his revenue and-expenditure meet than to study the welfare of tax-payers. The Premier's intention was to work, a similar dodge in connection with the land tax, but in, consequence of the fearful muddling that has taken place with respect to that impost, it may be presumed that he will be unable to accomplish his purpose. THE CONVENTION ' ELECTIONS. AN attempt has been made by some' persons to introduce the party element In connection' with the'election af delegates to the forth- coming Federation Convention, but I think lt will be a great failure, There are several political nonentities, both inside and outside of the Assembly, who are ambitious to get seats in the convention, and it would seem' that the movement referred to originated with them. Standing on their own merits they would not have the ghost of a chance of being elected, but probably they consider that if a party bunch were formed, and they were Included therein, their ambition would he realised. If there is one political question more than another from which the party element should be kept out, that question should be federation, and particularly when it is considered that the federal party includes the hest men in both of the political camps. If the people ar« left alone they will, in my opinion, make a fairly wise choice-perhaps an almost perfect one-in the selection of the New South Wales representatives to the convention. They will, that is to say, if they condescend to take any interest In the matter. This, how- ever, (shy no means,certain. If they remnln as apathetic as they are at present, the probability is that not a tenth of. the electors will record their votes, in which case the convention, so far as the New South Wales portion- of it is concerned, would be little better than a farce. - , THIS 'COMMERCIAL, TRAVELLERS. LAST night the commercial travellers held a banquet at the Australian Hotel. With regard to the provisions and wines, it was a tip-top altair, as anyone who knows com- mercial travellers might have expected would he the case. The Bpeech of the evening was made by Mr. Kddy, the Chief Railway Com- missioner. Mr. Biddy is not an orator, but he generally talks sound sense, and on rail- way matters he can more than hold his own against any man in Australia, He had a good story to tell about the. condition of our railways, which, it seeiiiB, aro In a more flourishing condition now than they were last Christmas. It may be remarked that they ought to be moro flourishing, seeing that the wool clip was deficient last year, whereas this year it is up to the average. The railways are of the nature of a commer- cial barometer ; they pretty fairly indicate the industrial condition of the country. That, it is pleasing to find, is fairly satis- factory. Nothing indeed to brag about, nor indicative of a country's boon, but good enough to make pessimism unjustifiable. At the same time, it is to be remembered that we aro continuing to raise loans, and that the Interest on this money will have to be paid. What this means ls that unless a remarkable development in connection with our > industrial enterprises takes, place, we shall be no wealthier next Christmas than we lire at present. New South Wales Is not insolvent-far from it; but she IB not so solid financially as I. would liko her to, be, or, as sho would be If her affairs had been con-' duc ted on proper business lilacs. TBE BOT WEATHER. HOT weather at this season of the year we ia Sydney always expect, with its accompani- ment of mosquitos in the evenings, and therefore we do not make much of a fuss' when we experience it. But in the matter of refreshment we have not done so much as we ought to have done to reduce the incon- veniences caused by the high temperature. We are making some progress however. It is interesting to note that the consumption of Colonial wines does nob appear to be Increasing. To nie at any rate that is not surprising, for, generally speaking, those wines are an abomination ; I mean of course regarded as summer drinks. Those that are of a good quality, are ns a rule, too strong; whilst the so-called light wines are generally sour. Until great improvement takes place ? in the manufacture of our wines, these liquors will not be largely consumed in Sydney. > Luger beer is ndvunclng in popularity in the city ; with ice in it this is almost an ideal summer beverage. It is indeed almost a teetotal drink. Within the last two or three years the consumption of lager in Sydney has increased ut least five-fold, and I am ' hopeful that-as it has done in Germany-it will lurgely displace whisky. Certainly it ls a more healthy drink than the non-alcoholic drinks which, under the name of summer . beverages, are consumed here in very large quantities, Of these at least a dozen varieties are sold In Sydney, and some of them are productive of Internal complaints._ 