The Widow's Wager. (By ROSE ASHLEIGH.) CHAPTER I. A STRANGE BRIDAL. "Man and wife, in the name of the father, and of two Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." A silence, like that which follows the awful thud of the falling clods upon a coffin-lid, hold the bridal pair and the wedding party in its spell, as the white-robed minister uttered this final clause in the marriage ritual service, and extended his priestly hands to give the solemn benediction to those he thus joined together in the holy bands. White and rigid an if 'kissed into its stern repose by the cold lips of death, the bride's fair face shone under the gauzy veil. No timid glance, nor gladsome blush met the eager, hankering eyes of the darik browed bridegroom as they turned together from the altar to receive the gratulations of friends, and the bless ings of those who had given sweet Ethel Dorsay to the wildest and most reckless of a hard, uncanny race of fierce aristocrats. The girl had pleaded and prayed against the alliance, but Oranmer Dorsay was a stern man with his children, and when the proud young Hugh Haughton, heir to the ancient chateau and noble estates of Exmoor, asked for the hand of Ethel, his only daughter, he would hear no argu ments, but flung paternal authority into the scale with Hugh's uncom promising passion for the girl; and thus it came to pass that the portion less maiden and the master of Exmoor, with its broad acres nourished by the sea, and its hun dreds of slaves, and its old Norman castle, were made man and wife. And now, the nuptial ceremony having been duly concluded in the village church, the bridal party prepared to attend the wedded pair to the great stone chateau, wvhere a sumptuous feast and revel -were to be held in honour of the lovely mistress of Exmoor. Mr. Haughton felt that the unpre tentious home and meagre entertain ment which alone could be furnished by Ethel's parents, would be unfitting 'the dignity of his wife, and all 'the best families' of the whole country side 'had been bidden to welcome Hugh Haughton's bride to her future home in the ancestral halls of the Haughtons of Exmoor. It was already dark as the com pany filed out of the church under a moonless, starless sky. Torches, held in the hands of the Haughton slaves, selected for that purpose from the 'best specimens on the plantation, Scast a lurid .glare .upon the paved pathway that 'led from the church, under an arcade of solemn cedars, to where the coaches waited on the street beyond. A bright, rich carpet had been unrolled upon the moldy tiles for the dainty feet to pass over, and Ethel Haughton, in her cloud like drapery, glided more like a 'blessed ghost' than mortal woman, .under the gloomy shadow ef the fune real trees redly illumined by the blaze of burning.pine wood. The bridegroom's. carriage was the first before the gate, and Ethel felt a shiver of deadly fear creep through her as she found herself shut in alone with her husband. Poor girl! she took -no domforting thought of the delicate silken cushions of the splendid coach whose four milk-white steeds bore it like the wind through the grand primeval forest that led toward -her future home. She re membered only that her pure young heart turned fearfully and mistrust fully from the man who now was master of her fate..; forgetting, for the time, that the caressing hand from whose teuch she shrunk with keen aversion was to be her portion-ever more till death should set their two lives asunder. To her fancy, Exmoor Ohateau, of whose splendors all the countryside was sing ing, was naught else but .a dismal prison-house of all pale despairs, and its sumptuous state a heavier burden for her tender soul than any toil or sorrow that poverty, with freedom and peace of mind, could have Eor her. Such were her dreary thoughts as the ~carriage rolled swiftly a·long, far in advance of all the 'less magnificent equipages, through the dense, dark wood of giant trees. The sound of Sthe rapid wheels weeas scarcely audible on the soft sand of the road, and in the silence Ethel could almost hear the beating of her frightened heart, and her hand lay cold as stone in the passionate clasp of her husband, who in his selfish gladness took no heed of his bride's reserve. She belonged to hini now-that was enough:! Sharp and loud through the black SDecember night rang out the crack of a . pistol shot, fired from the rear of the carriage-a wild yell of agony burst from the bridegroom, for the death missile had cloven his skull. Just then the torchlights that lined the long avenue to the chateau Sgleamed through the forest. 'Drive for your lives!' cried the distracted Ethel to the coachman and his attendant, when they made as if to halt. ' On, like the swift Plutonian studs, flew the noble horses, till they were drawn up before the broad marble steps of the colonnade in front of the old castle. ' Quick! for the love of God P' called the pale young wife, over whose spot less bridal veil flowed a stream of gore from the senseless head she enpported in her arms. A. wild scene ersued when the death stricken master was borne by the hands of his slaves into the brilliant festal halls, bleeding and unconscious, upon a couch under the glittering chandelier all decked with myrtle blossoms in honour of the occasioih Scarcely less lifeless, the bride was carried to the nuptial chamber, and her pallid beauty disposed beneath the rosy canopy of its sumptuous 'bed. As quickly as might be, the nearest surgeon was in attendance, and, to the anxious crowd of tarror-smitton by standers, pronounced the wound a fatal one. The ball had not accomplished its mission as quickly as it was wont to do, and was lodged in the head, having made a ghastly; crushing wound upon the skull. Hoe might linger for days-he might expire in an hour. Dismissing the company, Mr. and Mrs. Dorsay, wikh one or two special friends, remained to dispense the woe ful duties thus instituted for the wed ding feast. An interval of consciousness fol lowed the first period of stupefaction, and the wounded man was able for a brief space to realise the fearful and most tragic termination to his selfish dream of happiness in the possession of Ethel's pure ana exquisite beauty. Madly and impiously he raved against the stroke of destiny that thus had ended his career, and snatched the brimming goblet of all human delights from his thirsting lips. Fortune and love both seemed to have spread their wings above his head, when lo ! the fates had cut the threads of his life and all was lost. Even in that awful hour revenge became the burthen of his' thought. What fiend had dealt the death-blow was a profound mystery to every one; the whole country had been scoured for traces of the murderer, but none had been discovered. It was drawing on to night of the next day, and Hugh Haughton's strength was waxing fainter every moment. 'The family attorney had just finished drawing up the ' lastwill and testament' of the dying man, and the cold, gray twilight whitened still more the ghost-like hue of his face as he lay propped on his pillows breathing hard. The memories of all his reckless youth, and eviler manhood, seemed to rise about him in the gloaming of the quiet chamber, for his, wide gaze roamed from place to place with a haggard restless-a " fear unspeak able. At last soime phantom more appal ling than all the rest seemed to cross his mental vision, for, with a wild cry, he sprang forward from his pillow by which he had reposed to allow the minister to kneel in prayer for his parting soul-and pointing with one hand, while he covered his eyes with the other, he moaned out: 'It is she'!' it is she ! the wronged and abandoned one. Ah, Christ! my-' But the sentence died uncompleted on his writhing lips, and the tortured man dropped back upon his couch in a swoon from which he waked no more. CHAPTER II. iHESIDE THE CORPSE. Ethel Haughton lay widowed on her bridal bed,.unconscious that her husband's spirit sped on its awful journey through the dim unknown. The poor child's senses had been mercifully lulled:into narcotic slumber by the draught prescribed for her by the physician, who saw that the tensely strained faculties must have repose, or else some delicate. chord in the finely strung organism would fatally snap. Happily the poor, shocked soul of the miserable girl wos thus spared the last terrible scene in which Hugh Haughton's recklesc and remorseful soul rent itself free from its tabernacle of indulged humanity, and with that cry of despair went.schuddering to its doom. Mra? Dorsay, with the physician and the lawyer, were the only witnesses of the final agony. Now that all was ovwr with the still form, and the once fierce heart that had so lately pulsed in the full tide of hot, unguided passions, and proud, imperious anticipations ef the future, there was no longer any need for the sad mother's presence. Her feelings had already been wrung almost too hard by all that had come to her fair child. With maternal tenderness .ehe had striven to save the girl?rom this marriage, but in vain. She was too weak in character to do aught but bear her .ekildren°e sorrows with them.; she could not ward them off, as many noble mothers do. Weeping hysterically, Mrm. Dorsay, a weak-minded, nervous little woman, left the dead man's side, and retired through the dbor that led to a cham ber beyond -it. Two men stood facing each :other now across the livid corpse of Hugh Haughton, One, the lamily attorney, who had within the past hour executed the will of the deceased; the other a young physician, who had only recently come to reside in Elkton, the village hard by the chateau, and who-having the misfortune to hail from Massachusetts, from whose unfriendly climate he had fled for his life to the sunnier eoast land of South Carolina on account of a' pulmonary affection that threatened him-with an early death-was .regarded by the Elktonians with suspicion and aversion, not because of what he was or seemed, but becoaupe of whoie he was born. To an accident the young North erner owed his present attendance in the chamber of the murdered man; the elder and established physician of Elkton being absent there was no alternative but to call in Erl Cassidy, M.D. Thus his name stood neatly engraved on the silver door-plate of his emall house on one of the best thoroughfares of Elkton. With a grave and calmsolf-possession -a very proud self poise-the strange doctor had dispensed his office of surgeon to the dying man, of medical adviser to the horror-struck young wife, and now he stood quietly, stead fastly gazing upon the countenance of Irving Griswold, the attorney, who, in his turn, peered into the ghastly face of the dead. Even the cold twilight was nearly gone, yet there was a terrible vividness about the scene, and the lawyer's haggard visage was enough to have spelled the gaze -of a far less sensitive observer than Dr. Cassidy. The hard lines of Griswold's Scottish physiognomy seemed to have stiffened into stone, and there came a lurid glare from his greenish deep-set eyes that quivered like sulphurous flame over his rugged, forbidding features. In his right hand he grasped the dead man's will, which had been duly signed and sealed in the presence of three witnesses, of whom the doctor was one; his left hand was thrust into his breast, where it seemed to be spasmodically clutching at his heart. He appeared to have grown oblivious to everything but the chill, white horror that looked up to him from Hugh Haughton's lifeless face. ' Are you ill, Mr. Griswold ?' The question fell very softly and calmly from Dr. Cassidy's lips, but it seemed to smite like the vein from an electric cloud through the stout, brawny frame of the Scotchman, who started with a jerk and a shiver at its sound, while the cold sweat broke in heavy drops from his brow, and the fire in his eye turned gray and dull. 'Me! --ill ?-oh, no -but- ah ! Well, you understand what I must feel. I have known him from his cradle, being always his confidential adviser during his wild youth, and now it is so horrible to look on him' thus.' As he spoke, Griswold's eyes were shifting restlessly under the clear, steady glance of the bright, wide orbs that shone like globes of amber under Erl Cassidy's broad brow. ' Yes, it must be terrible, after all that, to look upon your friend so foully murdered by a coward and a dastard, who dared not face him with the grudge that prompted this black est crime.' '.Ah! that's just it-just it-and no chance of bringing the murderous wretch to justice-no chance at all' 'That remains to be proven. I think there is always much more than a " chance " of exposing so infernal a deed as this\ The very air must reek with the horror of it.' ' You think there is a chance, then ? Have you heard of any..clew ?' asked Griswold, with' fervid haste and eager ness. 'None whatever, as yet; but we need-not be dismayed from the search for it by the futile result of twenty four hours' headlong and excited in quiry. I am surprised that you, his oldest and most confidential friend, should feel there is no chance of bringing his murderer to. justice.' ' Well, of course, I still hope for it, still hope, you know ; but it seems so absolutely enveloped in mystery-no faintest cause or reason that any man can divine. However, we will hope to trace it.' Thus speaking hurriedly, 'Mr. Gris wold had passed from the bedside toward the door through which Mrs. Dorsay had left the room, and with a swift, shuffling ,.gait, and a -furtive glance behind him at the doctor, crossed the empty apartment and the hall beyond .it to the dining-room, where voices - were- heard around a great oak fire, and where sundry friends of the family sat discussing the recent tragedy, hourly expecting 'the worst from the sick-chamber. \- (fo b- centAiusd). The cross on the dome of St. Peter's in Rome is.4481t -above the pavement of the portioo. 'He that bearsehimself like a gentleman is worthy to have been 'born a.gentleman. Chapman. An rish geoiis .has -invented a lovers' alarm olock. At 10 o'elook it strikes londly, two little doors open, and a figure of a man attired in a dressing-gown appears, holding in his right hand e eian -on which are in soribed the words "-Good-night." 