A WONDEREUL: WOMAN, THE `DANGERFIELDO MYSTERY. BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of 'Wed, Yet No'Wife," "Nor , in:e," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. CH" APTER .VIII-Coritinued.) And you are beaten, after all, Mrs Vavasor, and by Katherine Danger I.eld! Your game of chess meant more than a game of chess. Is it emblematic? She's.fearfully and wonderfully, plucky, this cousin ofmile. Will she come off :tictorious at other games` than chess, I wonider?" She looked up at him for one moment, and all the passion, the rage, the hatred, smouldering within her, burst forth. "I'll crush her!" she `cried, in a fur ' ous vlhisper. "I'll cruslh.her! And the day is very near now. This is only one more item added to the long ac count I owe her. S She shall pay off all the uttermost farthing, with com pound interest" • :? ?.d itab through him,!' Peter Dan :gerfield said, darkly; "'the surest blow Eou can strike is.the one that proves .`im the traitor and fortune-hunter he is. I believe in niy soul- it would be her death." .I shall strip her of all-all-lover, father, name even. I will wait until her wedding-day, and strike home then. iWhen her cup of .bliss is fullest and at lier very lips, I shall-dash it down. And, mny brilliant, 'haughty, high-spirited heiress of Scarswood, how will., It be .with you, then?" ' Sir John was in his place-a darkly, m?,oody, host, amid the lights, the tl w Ssers, and the wines. Mrs Vavasor was even in higher spirits than usual. iMr Dangerfileld was talkative and agree able, Katherine -was happy, and dis posed to be at peace with the world and all therein, even Mrs Vavasor. She loved, she was loved-all life's greatest' .happiness Is said in that. For Mr Dan tree, he was simply delightfuL He told them Inimitable stories of life in the Southern States, until even grim Sir 'ohn relaxed into interest, and after ldinner, in the drawing-room. Dantree s?.ang his favorite after-dinner song, "When the wine-cup is sparkling before Ss," in his delicious-voice, that enchant ed even those who hated him most. The Piano stood in a shadowy recess down at one extremity of the long room--Iathe rine and Mr Dantree had it all to them selves. Mrs Vavasor was busy with some flimsy feminine handiwork. iMr Dangerfield sat beside her, turning over a book of photographs, and Sir John, lying back in his easy chair, kept his eyes closed as though asleep. His face wore a worn look of care-he was .watching those two shadowy figures at the piano, and as he listened to this man's voice, so thrillingly sweet-as he looked at his face - the lamp-light streaming on his dusk Spanish beauty -he scarcely wondered at tKatherine's infatuation. "Fairer than a woman; and more tn stable than water," he thought, bitter ly; "and this is the reed she has chosen to lean upon through life! My poor little K?athte, and I am powerless to save you -=unless I speak, and tell all. Heaven help you if this .man ever finds out the .'truth." "Sing me something Scotch, Gas ton," Katherine said. She was seated in a low, easy- chair, close beside him, her hands lying idly in her lap, her head back among the cushions. It was characteristic of this young lady that she had never done a stitch of fancy work In her life. She was quite idle now,-perfectly happy, listening to the howling of the October storrf in the park, and. Mr Dantree's "Sing something Scotch- a ballad. If I have a weakness, which is doubtful; it Is for Scotch songs." Mr Dantree heard but to obey. He ran his fingers lightly over the keys, smiled slightly to himself, and glanced half maliciously at the girl's supremely-con tented face. "How well pleased she looks," . he thought.. "I wonder if I cannot change that blissful expression.. Many women have done me the-honor to fall in love ,with me, but I don't think any of them .were quite so hard hit as you-not even excepting Marie." . He played a prelude in a plaintive minor key, wonderfully sweet, with a walling understrain, quite heart-break ing, and sang, His face changed and I-arkened, his voice took a pathos none of his hearers had ever heard before: "A weary lot is thine, fair maid A weary lot is thine! 'To pull the thorn thy brow to braid, And ppss the rue for.wine. 'A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien, A feather of the blue, 'A doublet of the Lincoln green No more of me you knew, iMy love, No more of ume you knew. "Tlis morn is merry June, I trow, , The rose is budding fain, 'But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet agaiin! SHe turned his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore: He gave the reins a shake, and said: SAdieu for evermore, S My love S- 'Adleu for evermore!" ,' It died out faint and low as thle last Endence of a funeral hymn. And then toe glanced at Katherine. He had chang gi the expression of that sensitive face \- cruelly. -It lay back now against the rubs" red of the velvet, as colorless as the ( Winter snow of which he sang. He arose Sfrom the piano with a laugh. "Kathle, you are as white as a ghost. "I have given You the blies with my sing \- ng ,orbored you to death. Which?" She laughed a little as she rose. " Your song was beautiful, Gaston, but itwice too sad. It has given me" the heartache. It is too suggestive, I sup pose, of man's perfidy and woman's boro aen trust. I want never to hear you sing that song again." It was late wten the two gen'tlemen ,nbade good night and left. Mirs Vavasor fltook her night-lamp and went up the :black oaken staircase, her ruby silk traillng and gleaming in lurid spledbrir S dahind her. ':. "Good night, Kathie, darling. How: lple and thred the child looks. And you 4idnrit like that divine Mr Dintree's li~t p.'ong'? It? was the gem of the eveningi O-to my mind-so suggestive and all that ,on'finlniit:et bonnes reves, ma ,elle'"l -Miis Vaiasor had a habit among liel' 'thergushing halsits of gushing dlit .ntodrigifolg languages now and then antitry andl get your bright looks back to-m orrowi : Doiit let ynour complexion adi: for ,pany ni'iithere.isn't -one on e arth oiorth it. ,9God night." , " . "A lighitsome eye,.an soldier's mien, A feather of -th6 blue, i A doublet of the Lincoln green, ur No more of 'me you knew, ; My love, -'" No more of me you knew!" S'Andl with a last backward glance, and Still singing the ominous song, brilliant liltle'Mrs Vavasor vanished. Mr Gaston Dantree rode.back to his temporary home at Morecambe in very Excellent spirits. What an uncomninon ly good-looking. fascinating sort of fel tow he must Ibe that all thie women should lose their heads for him in this -?a~shlon. Surely the gods who presided -?over his destiny nmust have been in a most propitious mood when they creat Sd him their bIright particular star. I "I've always heard it is better to Ie 0orn lucky thari rich, and, gad! I be \- leve it," muttered IMr Dantree to him "elf as he rode. "I was born a pauper. My mother vended apples in thie streets of New York; and my father--tell, the I0bfli less said about him the better... He be queathei e, ehis good looks, his voice, and hisoiloO?fittin~g morality. Until the ageof'eight;I ran wild about the streets; thesn my pretty face, and curly head, and artistle way of singing 'Oh. Susannah!' attracted the attention of Mrs Weyinore, -rich, childless, senti mental, goa -natured,.and-a fool. I was sen' to school, tricked out in vel vet and ruffles: kissed, praised, petted, flattered, spoiled by all the ladies, young and old, who visited my foster mamma; and, by. Jove, they've been at it ever since. Then at sLxteen came that ugly little episode of. the forged cheque. That was hushed up: Then followed the robbery of ?irs Weymore's diamonds, traced clearly home.to me. They would not overlook that. I inherited my light fingered proclivities from my father; as well as the good looks they praised; but they wouldn't take that Into con siderition; Then for four years there was the living by my wits-doing a little of everythlng under Heaven. Then came New Orleans and my new, and I flatter myself, taking cognomen of Gas ton Dantree, my literary ventures, and their success In their jWay.' And then, after three a ears more, -came old De Lansac and Marie-poor little Marie! I thought -I had found the purse of 'For tunatus then. when, lo! the old fool must up and get niarried. And, as'if that-weren't enough, there must follow anliheir, and adieu to all Marie's hopes and mine. o'lieni I crossed the Atlantic to try my luck on this side the pond, and I belive e 'veaccomplished my destiny at last, as Lord of Searswood, at eight thousand a year. I'believe I shall be a square peg, fitting neat and trim into a square hola. Katherine's a drkwback exacting, and romantic, and all that bosh-but everything as we wish'it is not for this world below. The old gen tleman will die shortly. I shall take the name of Dantree Dangerfield, sink the Gaston, and live happy for ever after." Mr Dantree was still singing that bal lad of the faithless lover as he ran light ly up stairs to his room. He threw off his wet overcoat, poked the fire; turned up the lanmp,:and saw on the table a letter.. Now, a letter to. the lhandsome tenor singer was not an agreeable sight. Let ters simply meant duns, or else---He 'snatched it up with an oath. This was no 'dun; it was soinething even worse. It was superscribed in a woman's hand, and was postmarked New Orleans. "From Marie, by Jupiter!" he ex claimed, blankly. "Now, hon the dev AhS I have it It came to my address in London, and the.publishers have for warded it here. Shall I open it, or pitch it Into the fire' unread? Deuce take all women! Can they never let a fellow alone? What a paradise earth would be without them!"' He did not throw the letter. into the fire, however. -He threw himself into an easy-chair instead, stretched forth his splashed riding-boots to the blaze and tore it open. It had the merit of being brief, at least, and remarkably to the pointt: New Orleans, Sept. 1S. Gaston,-Are you never going to write? -are you 'never coming bach? Are you ill, or are you faithless? The last, surely. It would be in keeping with all the rest. Does your dead silence mean that I am deserted, and forever ? If so, only say it, and you are free as the wind that blows. I will never follow you- never ask aught of you. No man alive,-though he were ten thousand times more to me than you have been, shall ever be sued for fidelity by me. Come or stay, as you choose: this is the last'letter I shall ever trouble you with. Return this and all my other letters,my pleture,also, if I am deserted. But, oh, Gaston ! Gaston have I deserved this? MARIE. That was all. The woman's heart of tile writer had broken forth in that last sentence, and she had stopped, fear ing to'trust herself. Mr Dantree read it over, looking'very calm and handsome in the leaplng firellght. "Plucky little girl!" was his finishing comment; "it l9 hard lines on her, after \- net -.' nd ne.g : Bu[t-heresa no help for it, Marie. 'I have learned to love another; Ihave broken every vow, we have parted from each other, and your heart is lonely non,' and all that sort of thing."I wonder if I ever had a heart! I doubt it. I'm like a Minerva; a heart was left out in my make-up; I never, was really in love in my life, and I don't want to be. Women are very well as stepping-stones to fortune, famen ambition: but for love in the ab stract-bah! But poor little Marie ! if I ever.did'approacl' the spooney, it was for her; if I have it in me to care for any thing or anybody but myself it is for her." And then Mr Dantree produced a little black pipe, loaded - it to the muzzle, struckl a fusee, and fell back again to enjoy himself. He looked the picture of, a luxurious- Sybarite, lounging negli gently among the cushions before the genial fire. "And 1 know she'll keelp her word." he muttered, reflectively. "No action at law, no avenger on the track in this case, Gaston, my boy; all nice and smooth, and going on velvet. That's a good idea about sending back the letters and photograph. I'll act upon it at once. A married man's a fool who keeps such souvenirs of his' bachelorhood loose about. And Kathie isn't the sort of girl, either, to stand that species of nonsense; she's proud as the deuce, as becomes the daughter of an old soldier, and as Jea lous as the devil." Mr Dantree arose, and, crossing to where his wilting-case lay, unlocked it, and produced a package, neatly tied up with blue ribbon. They were letters only a woman's letters-in the same hand as, that of to-night, and in their midst of a photograph. He took' this lat ter up'and looked at it It was the face of a girl in her first youth, a darkly, piquant face, wIth tnwo large eyes look ing at you from wavtng masses of dark hair-a handsome, impassioned face, proud and spirited. -And Gaston Dan tree's hard, coldly, bright blrown eyes grew almost tender as he gazed. "Poor child!" he said--"poor little girl! How' pretty she used to look in her misty white dresses, her laces, the creamy roses she.used to nwear, her dusk cheeks flushed, and her Iig blue eyes like s'tars! Poor. lIttle thing! and she would havre laid a princely fortune at my feet, with her heart and hand, if that old felloW, her grandfather hadn't done her out of It. And Ilnwould have been a very good husband, as husbands go, to little Marie, whicli is more than I'll ever, be to this other one: Ah. well! Ste transit, and all the rest of It HeIre goes!" He replaced the photogralmh, added the last letter to the others,:tied then.up neatly In a sheet of white paper, sealed the packe-twithl red wax; and wrote the iaddt?ess lbifairm, clear hand. Midilel. tartedo c . Rue de --, " - .; New Orleans, Louislana "Ill post this to-morrow,'" M Dan tree said, puttinig itin the pocket of his overcoat; "and now I'll seek my balmy eouch and woso thle god of sl;mbeir. I daresay it will be as successful as the rest of my wooing." SMr Dantree undressed .himself lel surely, as Ite did all things, and went to bed. But sleep did not come all 'at once; hie lay awake, wsatchingthe leap ing firelight flickering on the wall, and thliking. 'What it, after all, now. something were to happen, as:I were to be dish ed again, as. I was in the New Orleans affair?" he thought. "By George, it was enough to make a man cut his ownn throat, or-old De Lansac's. A million dollars to a dead certainty-MarIle sole heiress. MIarie dying for mne. And then he must go and get married-confound him ! I can't think Sir Johl Danger field is dotard enough for that; but still, delays as- dangerous. I'll strike while the lron sJ hot. I'll make Kathleen name the day to-morrows, by Jove i Once my tife, and I'm safe. Nothing can' happen then. unless-heavens and earth--Sluss Marie should appear upon the scene, as they do on the stage, and denounce me:" And then Dantree paused aghast, and stared blankly at the fire. "It's not in the least likely, though," he continued. "Marie is not that sort of woman. I believe, by George, if she met me a week after she gets the let ters back, she would look me straight between the eyes; and cut me dead. No, Mfarie.never will speak; she could go to the scaffold, with her head up, and her big eyes flashing defiance; and it's a very lucky thing for me she's that sort. Still, it will be a confoundedly ugly thing if she ever hears of me again, either as Dantree Dangerfleld: or the heiress of Scarswood's fiancee. She might speak to save' Katherine. But, no;" and then Mr Dalitree turned over, with a yawn, at last, on his pillow. "Who ever heard of one woman saving another? Men do. but women --never ! I'll have the wedding-day fixed to-mor row, and it shall be speedily.". 