MONDAY, OCTOBER Ii. Present: Messrsfilbert (chairman). Grant, Bryant, R. D. McKenzie, Bcarvell, and Eaton, and thn' secretary (Mr Aytoun). Frank Hingston, miner, deposed that he had been appointed by the Amalgamated Workers' Association to give evidence on their behalf. He thought that the labor condition of one man to three acres was fair. As a rule he was not in favor of exemptions, but they should be granted in certain cases. Often an inflow of water occurred in a mine, to cope with which it would be necessary to grant exemption. In theevent of the capi tal beconing exhausted time should be per mitted to reconstruct. Three months should be the limit of an exemption, and the state ments of the applicant should be verified. A mining board was necessary on these fields. He favored the abolition of the deposit uf £25 required to be lodged by an applicant for the forfeiture of a lease. A public battery could be erected advantageously at either end of the Kalgoorlie mining belt. It was pireferable for the Government to erect the batteries itself than to subsidise private companies in doing so.. In the present Act no provision was made, he thought, for cart ing the wash-dirt or alluvial from the scene of the prospector's labor in order to. get facilities for washing it. Clay-like su stances were met with which must ble treated by water; and if there was, no water on the ground the prospector should. be allowed to cart it to where there was water to,enablo him to puddle it and extract the gold. Here also he found that there was no sliding staile for Jep ,sinking ip alluvial. ' Ihe. areas should be granted on a slidling scale of sizes according todepth. There was only the one area (701ft x 70ft for one man). At lianowna alluvlit wat found at a'depth)of SOt. The sining at tbat depth was hard, and . would entail large expense. The;present size of ain area mi ht be retained where the cdepth was not ereater than SOft. Below that level the size of the area should oe enlarged. In New South Wales, where he had had a lot of experience as a pros. pector, each man was allowed 70ft square; but the size increased below 5&ft.; Where the depth was between 50ft and 100ft one man was allowed 100ft square, two men 150ft, three men 180ft, and four men.200ft. Below 100ft the sizes of the areas would in crease in the same ratio. This provision was included in the Victorian Act. He .favored a prospecting vote. The Government sbou:d subsidise prospectors who went out at a dies tance, to the extent of A for £ on their ex pnuditure, and companies should be similarly assisted to prospect their mines at a depth. In any locality only one mine should be as sisted to prove the lode at a depth. He favored the duality of titles to land involved by allowing alluvial diggers to work on mining leases. The two systems of mining were quite distinct. It was nut " worth the powder and shot" for the Government to test the legality of the McArthur Forrest cyanide patent. The cifficulty could be settled far cheaper by pur. chasing the rights of the patentees, and the Government should " meet the leak " in that way. A greater number of competent mining insp-ctors should bs app-inted. By Air Bryant: He had not known of a place where thl miner had been prevented carrying his wash dirt to water. 'Ihere was a place in this colony where this sort of alluvial obtained. It was only eriht to have a clause inserted to enable the diggLir :o take the alluvial away. It would cost a good deal of money to provide the various dis tricts with public batteries. The Govern-. ment need not expend the money all at once. For a start they would erect the batteries in the most favorable nistriots. There was a difficulty in getting quartz crushed here. The cost (about £2 per ton) was the greatest diftculty. By MSir Eaton : He favored lessees having the option of paying their rents quarterly or yearly. Unless udder exceptional cirunm stances leasee should be forfeited if the holdes a neglected to work it for three days in succession. There wasan unwritten law en -erlying the regulations, and Wardens had discretionary power. ,Leases should not he forfeited on technical grounds. By Mr Gr..nt: To stop the outflow of capital to the eastern colonies he suggested the fostering of the agricultural industry and the granting of homestea t leases. In the allocation of a prospecting vote the subsidy to buoza fide prospectors should take pre cedence. Seeing that the surface had been prospected but little here he would encourage that firt. By the Chairman; The cry of insecurity of tenure as applied to mining leases in West Australia was only a bug-bear. Working miners, business people, and the country at large ha suffered greatly from the granting of exemptions. lie approved of the sugge-s. tion of Mr B. U. .Thompson to pro. vide for portions of leases being set apart for homes for the nji'ers. In sinking it was necessary that there diould be a knocker line in each winding compart ment of the shaft, and ihere should be a common system of signalling. He was op. Iosed to the consolidation of leases. One scene of operations was not sufficient to properly develop a number of leases. He favored the ama'gamation of two leases being permitted. It was not in the interests of the country that the labor of nine -leases should be concentrated on one. No race whose standard of living was below our own should be allowed in the colony. The labor conditions and rents of cleascs should be parts of the statutc. He approved of the creation of mining boards. The representation of all classes on the board would not militate sgainst its eficiency. They were not likely to conflict. Evidence of that was available in the amicable manner in which the mem bers of this Commission had worked together. Boilers and machinery on mines- should -be periodically extmined by a competent engi neer. Michael Henry O'Connor. president of the Kalgoorlie and Boulder Branch of the A.W.A., deposed that he agreed that the opinions of Messrs Hastie and Hingston were those of the majority of the miners here. By M Scarvell : The exemptions on resi dence areas should be abolished. There was an insufficiency of residence areas, end more land should be made available. The sugges. tion to settle workers on the mines was a good one, providing proper care was given to the sanitary arrargements. The Commission at 12.30 adjourned for luncheon. On resuming at 2.30 o'clock, H. -C. Calla han, manager of the Lake View Consols mine, was ca'led. -Mr Callahan said that his views on mttivg were so entirely diffErent to anything in vogue in this polony that he had thought his evidence would Le of no valup to the Com-. mission. '1The Chairman (Mr Gilbert) : New ideas are exactly what the Commission want. Witness: MIy idea of mining is that the country should be developed by the prospec tos;. A Amiter-- who. finds .new conotry has had to take all thel riskse aid chances, and you should try and put it within the means-of the prospector himself to develop the country. You have had here - a most remarkable mining boom. These things come seldom, and in the future if lie mines are to be drvelopcd it must be by the intividu-ls themselves. Vou have alltuffih' cicnt knowledge of .eo- operativ.s ot sytigidac minin to know that it is all donefor a littl6 stock jobbing, Sooned or later theae my come to grief, as Wey Are diea ed' by men gV~x have hto 4de j sihpg. In 4m~ligF'a wo?~· ld 411" tIt loc petult. - tion. -Mining- in the sixties- went down to nil. ' he Government then adopted a liberal attitudes and said that anyone could "locate" country if they wished it. The law there now is so simple that all a miner has to do' is to peg out his claim, pay one \- and a half dollars to record it, and -every year record the work he has done. This latter is filed in the records and is prima facie evidence of his title. In Australia (It is argued that under this system a vrson could locate the entire country. In America that is not the effect, Though it may lead to a little "shcpherding,'" still it puts the prospector oh his own mine until it is developed. The prospector there has no partner. He will delve on year after year, and eventually brmings out a mine. Some of the finest shows developed there have been proved by so-called 'crank.." The prospector sometimes works on for 20 years before he is successful. Whilt we lose in what you may call "herding," it develops that individuality which makes the miner. Here four or five men go to work, and they may have a little ore in sight. It is 10 to 1 that they get what little mont-y they can out of it and let it go, and after they leave it it is a worse holding th'en it was originally. In New South Wales and Victoria they had fairly good mining camps 20 years ago, with little lodes. tIhe law couts compelled the mineis to pay a heavy rental and employ so many men on the ground, so that a man hbad to have five or six partners. The effect was that the laid was abandoned when it hould not' have been abandoned. Your object should be to make a lation of independent miners. It can be done. In Colorado there is no prominent mine on the stock hoard manipulated for stcek purposes. The only stock so manipulated is on the Comstock. You Hart labor conditions on mines. Until you get a mine you cannot get labor. If a prospector is willing to risk his labor and industry, that is sufl:ionl for the State. The Chairman: We are told here that the first essential to mining is to introduce capital. Witness: No. There is no capital equal to Australian muscle. Colorado would never have been developed otherwise. They did n )t say, " We want capital." Cripple Creek was developed by a cArpenter. 'They said, " The gold is tco fine; you can't save it," but he kept on delving until he demonstrat'd it. Capital follows after profitable investment. Capital flowed in here because they had a chance of floating mines. Your idea is to locate a claim and sell it to someone else, and' sometimes you hold on so long that you are left holding the sack. The Government should look at it in another light and say, "If the people want to locate country locate it." We will regulate it so that you can have it surveyed at the smallest possible expense, so that . you know *exactly where yonu' are, and one won't interfere with the other." I would say then, " go to work and make it within the province of any one individual to perform the required amount of work during the year." In Aue tralia, with all your labor conditions, there are many c'aims held withcut working. They are "shepherded." For much discre tionary power is given to the Wardens. Each prospector should be compelled to do so much work per year. That work either sinking, driving, or crosscutting (but not stoping) - is measured at the end of the year, and a description is filed in the Record Oflice and becomes prima facie evidence of title. By . that means you develop the individual miner who will have all inpentive to open up country. It may take him a lifetime. Someone may follow up where he left off. By that means you will develop a higher class of prospector -miners who "belong" in the mining business. Dine-tenths of the directors of companies have no idea of mining. They dictate, however, and perhaps the poorest miner on the mine knows more about the handling of it than they do. What I advo cate is a radical change, but it would be an improvement in my opinion. The Chairman: Do you consider the present title for leases satisfactory 1 Witness: I am not a believer in, abso lute security of tenure to mining claims unless they are worked by some means or another. The Chairman: Do you favor the present labor c nditions ? Witness: The labor conditions I consider a farce. If a man has a " mine" he will work it. You can't create labor or an avenue for labor until you find the mine. The Government, by the laws and the charges they make, anticipate that when you put in four pegs and apply for ulease they are giving you a mine. But they do not. They simply give yon a prospecting area. Mines are not found by simply running over the country. You don't dig out ores by simply 'hacking.up a cart against the saie of a hill. When mines are opened up, if they are profitable they will be worked; and if ndt you have to give a man who is an owner time to develop it himself with his own energy and labor if he can get np other., b. The Chairman: Are not the labor condi. tions a safeguard:for the British investor ? 'Witnesh: You don't define the difference betwecn a mnine and aR 24-acre salt bush claim. Aumine is not amine until it is de 'veloped. If.the foreign investor isso foolish stie investb hismoney there I don't think he thonit get aniy pity ' ' S a(bhe 7Obairman x What are your views abbut "umpingf'?' I I' SW'itness': The" "jumper" is certainly an undesirab.e article in any country. Jrhe title bhould not' leave any question as to aimping. Thdamtoaiixt of actual wouk per Fornmd should Je ruedorded and serve as anita!lefadar'evidic of'the continuation of the title i and l i3e allows the time to ps-S over for puttlng it the record the lax4 then beeomes a public domahwagain. So e' official could be employed to inspect the mini's and recotrd the amount of work done. You are always anticipating that mines are not going to be worked; but you know as a matter of fact that where there is the ghost of a show a miner would stay there as long, as he could. Met don't leave sovereituns lie in the street for the sake of the trouble in picking them up. ThuChairman: Then it is really in the interests of the State if the "salt bush mines" here, as you call them, should be branded. Witness: No man should he allowed to locate a mining claim until he finds minerals at the place. It hie wants a prospecting area he shouildbiand it as such. There should be no location until the miner has found either gold, silver, or other precious metal. You must first start with the proposition that he h s something in the shape of a mine. Do you suppose the Australians locate all this country for the mines that were in them ? This State has had a remarkable revenue from a mining boom, occasioned perhaps by a desire in London to sell West Australian mining claims. You can't expect thit it is going to occur again here. The Chairman : Do you think the erection of public batteries would encourage prospect ing? Witness : In regard to that if you look over Arizona, California, Mexico, and all those countries, you wi] find that the less the Government interfers with an industry in the shape of assisting it the better. All attempts of Governments to venture into private enterprise have been failures. If you want public batteries, I say put them up as cheaply as possible, and let them be under the supervision of one man as watchman. Then all those who wish to crush ore can take charge and do their own crushing; but to keep a staff of officers and employ men to work the batteries would, I believe, entail a very heavy expense and prove a failure. The watchman .might be an engineer, who could see that the work was properly per formed. In America they lend mills bodily in this fashion. The Chairman: Da you approve of the establishment of technical schools of mines on the goldfields ?. Witness: I :hiunk it is a perfect absurdity. It his proved so throughout all the colonies. The only way is to have a godd School of Mines for all the colonieCs. All Australia might support one good School of Mines in IBallarat or Bendigo, where a good deal of mining is done. The Chairman: As to reward areas for prospector, Mir Callahan? Witness: If a prospector finds a mine in any place it should be a reward area, and he should not be charged a cent. If he goes there and locates it he is doing the State a benefit. All mines should be reward mines. If the mine is productive and you chose to put a tax on it, well and good. Only the smallest tax should be put on development In the early stages. The Chairman : Do you favor the present rent of 41 per acre for mining leases ? Witness: That would be a tax of £24 per annum oh a prospector who took up an area. If thy amount were put into the- mine in working expeuses.it woulddo the State-more good. If you are going to tax the miner, tax the ship builder, the forester, and everyone In the same way.. The expense of living is part and parcA of. the cost of working the mine; consequently the industry is already called upon to pay for the maintenance of the Government. The Chiairman : What are your views con-. cern ng a prospecting vote 1 Witness: My experience of the prcs p ctors when I " put up" for them has been very bad. Give theta a show; let them go out "on their own," locate ground and de velop it. The Government does not need to step in and assist them in any way. The Chairman : It is said that trouble may arise over the les cholder and alluvial digger each having a title to the same piere of ground. What is your opinion, Mr Calla. han? Witness: The Amierica- laws overcome that. You allow people to go all over the country without respect to lode formation or any known indication. In order to dis tinguish what is a placer mine and what is a lode formation you must find :ome mineral before you are entitled to a lease a: the hands of the Ulnite.l States Com missioner. You must swear there is a lode there. 'When a man has alode it is a serious thing to use any of the surface area for other purposes. When a lode formation is dis covered the pr spector should have the abso lute right to the ground. If the Govern. metit thinks it is alluvial let it be worked as alluvial until it is abindoned, or graint a lode title subject to the conditions of those who have placer claims. The Chairman : That is the system here now. The ease gives a title to mine for quartz reef lodes or veins, Witness: But whe' a mun locates a mine as a lode mine his title is secure. Don'tcome afterwards and say you are going to pros pect it for al:uvial. A man started to work under my dump the othir day and wanted to mire for alluvial. Alluvial diggers should not be allowed to undermine the whole property. We have alittle idlnvial on ourproperty, Crd where it does not interfere with.tbe works, wq have no object~ion to the wen workifig it. To say that they should be aljowed to go into the, shaft apd de strIy the; nermanent wqrks is ab. surd. It is a ,very "ticklish " law. Joiutmust give a man some privilege of work hag his claims. Twentydtoar, acres is a vyry small lease on which to put up all requisite. buildings. The Ivanhoe is hampered for room for the' mill they liropose building. llhetopography of the country should have S'diret bearing on the question of how unabbh lnd is'required for the buildings on a hihe. to fib tr aR the alluvial workers have gone on the Lake View we don't object:` Io hardships have bepn put upon meso far. fbe Chairman : What site do you. think an alluvial claim should be ? Witness: In America. wherever rich patches are discovered, the niiners have power to regulate the areas which they are individually entitled to. The question- can best be answered by the diggers themselves. If a prospector finds anew district-and At is only once in a lifetime that he will-I shonuld give him a sufficient area to make a fortune out of it. The Chairman: The evidence we have had from the alluvial men so far is that, as the gold is so easily won from the surface, they are favorable to the present size of alluvial claims, so that one man may not monopolise the whole country. Witness: They are the best judges of that. In answer to other questions, Mr Callahan said he was oppo!ed to any amendment of the Act making it compulsory for companies to put aside one-fourth of their capital for working expenses. A scheme of the magni tude of that proposed by the Government for supplying this field willth water was necessary. .dining inspectors hal outlived their usefulness. The manager knew how best to manage his mine, and miners pro tected themselves. In the case of contribu* tory neglect the mite owners should not be held responsible. They should trust to the intelligence of the miner to take care of himselr. Mr Bryant said he had listened with can siderable interest to Mr Callah sn's evidence. The inquiries of the Commission were re stricted to " t':e best mode of developing the auriferous resources of the colony." It was scarcely likely that the Legislature was going to wipe out all the existing laws and regulations, and revert to something else all atonce. It might see its way clvar, however, to embody some of the alterations suggested by Mr Callahan. After the witness had been questioned by Mr Bryant concerning .the development of the Lake View Consols and the cost of working, ete, The Chairman thanked Mr Callahan for his attendance. lie was sure that the wit. ness' evidence would be read with a great deal of interest. A section of the Press had advanced the opinion that the Commission had brought forth no new ideas. Mr Callahan: Mine are radical enough, I hope. (Laughter.) The Chairman: They don't deserve that reproach at anyrate. Charles P. Johnson, a leaseholder of Bala gundi, Arthur Nicholls, general secretary of the Engine- Drivers' Association, M. J. hourke, President of the Engine- rivers' Association,.and John Reseigh, engine-driver, were also examined. At 10.40 p.m. the Commission adjourned till the following morning at 10 o'clock. 