A Ghost on a Bicycle. (BY J. J. O'BHEA.) THERE was a squad of us, belated wheelmen, one evening sitting round a comfortable fire in a comfortable inn, at an out-of-the-way place with an out-of-the-way name, containing all the letters of the alphabet and several more thrown in, in North Wales. The spot was in the hills somewhere near Pont y-Pridd; and though it isn't much affected by cyclists on account of its being uphill work to get to it, it had been made for by common consent by three or four of us who were going in one direction, and three or four more whom we met going in another, for a a very good and sufficient reason. The clerk of the weather had got into his tantrums. We had had a little..thunderstorm from him, and a little shower- short, sharp and deci sive. It sent sundry water courses tumbling down the road in a few minutes, and drenched us thoroughly. We knew this out-of the-way caravansary was somewhere about, and we made for it, for accord ing to all meteorological appearances it was, for some time to come, a case of making the best of it, most de cidedly. All cyclists are philosophers. Our squad kept up the reputation of the order by proceeding forthwith to make themselves as comfortable as the cir cumstances-and a judicious spirit of economy-permitted. We were all determined to have the feast of reason and the flow of soul for that particular evening, just to show the weather clerk that we were men not to be put out of sorts by his caprices ; but we had one and all registered a vow that we would pay too much for the afore said feast and flow. This, however, by-the-bye. The virtues which the spread of the cycle has been the means of nurturing are fair subject for a learned treatise in tbemselves; this writing concerns an abstract matter. Neither is it matter for present concern what our squad did, said, or thought all this particular evening. But it is fitting and proper to relate that when a variety of erudite, scien tific, and humorous topics had been duly threshed out and settled to our mutual satisfaction, somebody sud denly sprung the proposition that the cycle and the genius of romance had nothing in common-that, in fact, they were at daggers drawn. Who ever, for instance, had hoard of a ghost upon a bicycle ? Nearly all the company laughed at the idea. But there was one of them who didn't. 'Don't laugh, gentlemen,' he said, quietly; 'at least, don't laugh until you know. I saw one! 'There are more things on wheels than are dreamed of in our philo sophy,' he went on sententiously; 'and I think, in due time, the cycle will take its'proper place in the realms of romance like its noble predecessor the horse. When the future poet of the noiseless steeds shall have arisen, we shall doubtless have the counter parts of .the Winged Horse of the poem and the Phooka of the legend.' 'Hang it, old man, don't go on so. We'll have to call for the Welsh sub stitute for Irish whisky punch if you do,' cried one of the company. 'I move you give us the yarn as an alternative, before we try the worse evil.' The other, rousing himself from a sort of reverie, threw himself back in his chair, and, diving his hands deep into his trousers pockets, began 'Well, 'the thing happened in this way. To begin at the beginning, Dick Knaggs and myself were run ning neck-and-neck for a dear little -girl, whom I shall call Sophie Byles. 'Sophie was a tormenting little witch. She flirted with both of us in a thoroughly impartial way, and if either of us attempted any of those foolish remonstrances that fellows desperately in love will sometimes venture on in such provoking circum stances, she would only toss her dainty little head, and, elevating her slightly retrouss6 nose, shrug her shoulders disdainfully, and say, " Please don't speak to me any more, Tom"-or Dick, as the case might be. 'Now, Dick and I, strange to say, were the best of friends, although we were the best of rivals We had been chums for several years, lodging in the same "digs," and getting on together capitally. ' When we discovered that we were both hopelessly gone over Sophie, we had a long talk over .the matter, and the upshot of it was that we shook hands over a fair agreement to go in forher, each of us, fairly and squarely, and let the best man win, neither taking any mean advantage of the other. ' Things went on very nicely under this wdrking arrangement for about six months. I often met Dick riding back after visiting Sophie at her suburban 'cottage near Stepaside, and he as often met me, but no oftener, for it was in the bond that such visits should be exactly equal in number. 'We always laughed good humouredly at each other when we met thus, chaffed each other about our prospects of success, and went off and had a drink; so you see we were honourable chums. '' or a couple of months we led this sort of life, and nothing could possibly be more satisfactory' to either Dick or me--unless either of us would take himself for ever to Jericho, out of the other's way. But as this was a very .remote contingency indeed, we 'accepted the situation in a spirit of l beatific cheerfulness, and made the \- best we could of it. S' Sophie had only one relative liv ing-but that was quite a sufficient number. It was her father-and he was a terror. He was a gentleman of unblemished reputation and frugal habits. His native land was Scot laud, and his favourite beverage Glenlivat. This, however, was a matter that had no concern for either Uick or me, for the old gentleman always preferred his own company to any other when the Glenlivat was to be discussed. 'Amongst the virtues Mr. Byles re joiced in-and they were too numerous to particularise-was that of rigid honesty. He had never got into debt to the extent of a penny in his life, he used to boast, and he detested people who did. But, inasmuch as he had made his money by the weaknesses of human nature in that respect-for he was a moneylender-we admired his theoretical rigidity rather than its limited application. 'No Spartan could be more un bending than old Byles. Once he made up his mind to a certain course, that course he would pursue if an archangel came down specially to turn him aside. He never altered his mind, he used to vaunt, and he never broke his word. When I add that his face was as hard as a tombstone, and just as cheerful, I shall have con veyed, I think, some notion of the personal merits and attractions of tophie's parent. 'The old man seemed to have an impartial sort of negative liking for both Dick and me. He didn't object to our paying our addresses to his daughter, but seemed to be trying, like ourselves, to find out which of us she liked best-perhaps with equal unsuccess. At any rate, he always met us civilly, and chatted to us in his own dry, Caledonian way, on such interesting topics as the weather and the crops, the stock and share markets, and the like. 'Dick and myself were then in the enjoyment of a modest income each quite enough for him, for he was not of an extravagant turn; but hardly enough for me, for my tastes were more luxurious. 'However, financial matters were not in Dick's case any more than my own ever thought of for a moment in connection with our mutually dear Sophie. We would have taken her without a penny, but we know very well she wouldn't come so, whenever she made up her mind. 'One evening I met Dick riding back from Stepaside, after one of the regulation visits, as I was going out to take his place. He jumped down off his bicycle and came over to me in a state of great perturbation. '"Tom," said he, "I'm in great trouble, old fellow. I have to go away for a fortnight. There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill over in Hombiurg, and she wants to see me. I'm to be her heir, you see, and I can't possibly refuse." ' " I don't see why you should, my boy," I replied; "neither do I per ceive why you should be so dreadfully agitated. You're a lucky dog, so you are, coming in for a fortune." '"Don't see it !" he cried, opening his eyes in astonishment. "What is Sophie to do in my absence ?" '"Don't trouble your head about that," I answered. "She'll get along just as usual, I'm sure." '"But you-you won't surely take any advantage of my absence, Tom? If I had your promise on that I'd feel quite relieved." " Well, that's rather hard, Dick," I returned. "I don't see why my arrangements should be affected by your maiden aunt's proceedings. The old lady is not going to make me her heir !" ' "But don't you see, Tom, that my absence would be giving you an un fair advantage ? You're too honourable a fellow, I know, to avail yourself of it." ' "Look here, Dick," I said at length, after he had gone on in this strain for a while, "I'll go this far to oblige you: I'll not come out hero again for a fortnight. If you're back by that time, well and good. If you're not, the bargain is at an end." ' "Do you giveme your word on that, Tom ?" he asked, brightening up won derfully. "'I do,"I returned, "you may haunt me when you die if I break it. Now be off." 'We shook hands and parted, and when I saw our beloved Sophie I in formed her of the arrangement agreed upon. She said she didn't mind, as she was going on a visit to a friend in Wicklow for a week. But I thought she was secretly vexed all the same. 'I was discussing breakfast one morning about a week after wards, glancing over the news paper now and then as I sat eating, when my eye suddenly caught the heading: "Fatal Accident to a Dublin Gentleman." 'I immediately looked at the item, and, to my horror, found that it related to my unhappy friend, Dick. He had jumped out of a rail way carriage while the train was in moticn, got jammed between it and the platform, and was killed. ' the news upset me a good deal, although I could not help feeling that it cleared the ground for me in one important direction. Still, I was very much attached to poor Dick, and I couldn't bring myself to visit Sophie for a couple of days after I heard the sad tidings, in order to break them to her. 'The year was getting fast into the sere and yellow leaf. Brown October had brought in its short days, and its -sometimes-lovely moonlit nights; and it was on one of these-a glorious one it was-that I started off, with an equally balanced admixture of grief and hopeful elation at my heart, for the bower of my Sophie my own Sophie, as I fcndly hope to call her now-to unfold my gruesome tale. 'A delicious mist hung over meadow and grove, giving the whole scene a weird and silvery glamour that made me at times imagine it was a fairy scene floating in some enchanted re gion that lay before me, instead of a real substantial portion of dear old county Dublin. ' I had got about half-way towards my destination when it occurred to me that I ought to strike a match and have a quiet puff of the soothing weed, as nothing could be more in keeping with the peaceful quiet of the scene. No sooner thought than done, and I was in the act of remounting, with pipe aglow, when my eye caught sight of another rider coming in the same direction, but at a considerable dis tance behind. 'This circumstance caused me no emotion in particular, and I forgot all about it as I sped on afresh. I slack ened my pace to spin out the distance until I had finished my pipe, and was drawing on easily towards Stepaside when some instinct or other made me glance backwards down the road again. 'The other traveller had gained upon me with amazing celerity. He was now not more than..forty or fifty yards behind. 'What a wonderful resemblance he bore, at that distance, to my dead friend, Dick! His garments looked white in the ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all last summer, had worn a suit of white flannel, as the stran ger's appeared to be. And it seemed to me, as I paused, thunderstricken and trembling, for a moment in my ride, that his form was exactly that of my dead friend! 'I was never superstitious, yet now, for an instant, a feeling of awe came over me, but as I wobbled to the ground off my machine under its influence, I began to curse myself vigorously for a womanish fool, and jumping up with the cele rity of fully-recovered spirits, I set my steel wheel off with a lively start, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. 'I went off at a spanking pace for some time, but I could notjhelp turn ing my head again backwards soon, to note how far I had left him behind. 'Horror of horrors ! he was gaining on me still ! 'He was only a few yards behind. I could not distinguiish his face, but the figure, and the way in which it sat the machine were the same as Dick's. 'Again I spurted madly. Great beads of cold sweat burst out from my temples, and an icy feeling crept through my frame, even to the marrow of my bones, despite the heat into which the exercise had thrown me. My terror lent me strength. I must get away from this horrible phantom, even though my heart should snap in the effort. I tore along the road now like a maniac. 'I was just turning the corner of the rustic lane which led up to Sophie's bower when my machine came plump against a form engaged in doing the same from the lane side of the angle. The consequences were disastrous to both travellers. 'Machine and myself threw a double somersault over the body of the pedestrian. When we both re gained our feet I thought I should ;turn into stone when I encountered the Gorgon-like eye of my intended father-in-law. "- it, mon !" he shouted, as soon as he recognised me and found his voice, "what the deil are ye glower ing at me for, instead of apologising for nearly killing me? One would tink ye had seen a ghaist!" '" I have seen a ghost, sure enough, sir," I answered, with trembling lips, ' the ghost of my poor dead friend, Dick-and see, there it comes !" 'The white figure had arrived at the corner of the lane, full in the ghastly glare of the dazzling moon light. It dismounted and advanced towards where we stood. 'I held up both my hands to shut out the fearsome thing. ' "Don't come near me," I cried, in an agony of desperation, "until you tell me whether you are a man or the ghost of my dear friend, Dick !" 'The thing laughed-it was a hor ribly human laugh. ' " No ghost, sir," it replied, as its coarse chuckle ceased, "but a messen ger from a man who has ghosted you long enough in vain for this little bill of seven pounds ten for clothes-Mr. Tippet, the tailor, of Grafton-street. Here 'tis'for you, sir, now; and if you don't pay it by twelve o'clock to morrow, I'm instructed to invite you to an interview with the Recorder, at Green- street Court House." 'This was my romance of the wheel. It shattered my day- dream, and lost me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me with all the scorn of an enraged money-lender who never owed a man a penny, and bade me never again show my face at the cottage. 'The fickle Sophie ratified this decision, and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawnbroker who had a couple of months before laid his third spouse under the sod in Glas nevin; and I am left here alone with my faithfthl bicycle!' [TIE END.1 