THE ORGANIST'S GHOSTS. It was Eastertinie. The rafters of the oil church toad echoed the merry laughter and chatter of tlio young people all the evening; Light spirits had climbed here and there decorating the time-worn oak with long gar lands of green and flowers. Happy young people they went, and it gave mo pleasure to watch them. Easter carols had been rehearsed iui vi*\j «tV3U iiiiiC| auu iju tv blio HUM IS WtJt D turned out and the young people had gone. Faiut voices on the cool night air broke through the deep tones of the organ as my fingers pressed the keys. I played eoftly to catch the cheery f;ood-nightsas they came back to me, and then, falling into a reverie, the last hours of the day slipped away. Finally I left the keyboard, and with lingering steps slowly felt my way down the narrow stairs of the organ loft. I walked up the broad aisle, now a dusky green with the decorations in the Bombru darkness of the deserted church. The wind moaned low and ominoue, and then, gathering force, it shrieked and whistled aB' it swept by the windows. With a shiver I drew my coat closer .about me, and giving a last look round started & move down the aisle and go home. A noiso star tk-d me, and my hand grasi-ed the back of a pew. What was it? A sound, but surely uot the organ ! I glanced up at the pipes I loved so inaeh, but they were lost in the deep shadow. Yet 1 heard it plainly. There it was again ! A low deep note followed by a second one. Troniblingly I brushed my hand across my fnue and'tried to think; No oue was up thero : of that IVas positive;. and yet wl;afc was touching tho keys! Ghosts? Some thing ecomca to .whisper the namo to! me. The thought jaiiglcd in my head. It sent chill after chill through me — me who did not believe in ghost;--. I tried. to laugh the thought away, but it was useless.' Vague fears ~ot whiteclad' figured assailed me, Thesoloir.u voice of tho bell in the clock tower now began to toll1 the: hour of midnight and the old church rever berated to its doep tones. They had an un canny sound, and as tho notes boomed out I stood rooted to the spot powerless. A sense of shame for my fear crept over me, and when tho last echo died away I started forward. I had moved a step when a curious jumble of notes from the organ stopped me. It sounded as though a hand had been sud denly pressed on to the keys and then with drawn. I watted to hear it again, but instead there came a fearful clatter, and then a crash of glass, followed by a tinkling sound and what seemed like a shriek. Thoroughly frightened I clung to one of the pew backs. The organ loft had a fascination for me, and I stared into its black depths unable to take my eyes away. I could see nothing in the dim ness, and this -served to intensify my fear, livery moment I expected something to appear, but what I did not know. It was a weird situation. Outside tho wind howled with unceasing force, and it seemed as if I now felt its cold sweeping around me. Suddenly the church grew brighter, and stream of strange bluish light crept slowly along the edge of the organ loft. 1 watched it in fear as it stole higher and higher, until its beams spread across the front of the organ. What was that? My in ?utii grew 10 ana ary aua my Knees miooic. What were those tall blue-white shadows iu the choir loft which were waving at me? They were pointing at me — mocking me. 'Ghosts !:- I whispered, hoarsely, and then I Rhriekcd aloud and clung to the pew back, while my voice echoed among the rafters. Njw they were growing red and green, alwajs pointing at me. I grew mad with fear, and shrieked again and again. A thousand voices answered me, and with a bound I leaped over tho pov,-s and sped down the aisle. As I did so oue of the ghosts jumped from the loft, nearly striking me. I doclged it and rushed through the swinging doors out into the vestiliule. The big outside door would not open. I wept and raved, tugging at the handles, but they did not yield. Then I thought of the bell-rope— the bell. It would sound the alarm. Like mad I ran to the little room. If people heard the bell they surely would come. As I dashed open the door of the room a patter of lifrht feet and an unearthly howl sounded right behind me. I stumbled and fell forward un conscious. When I came lo it was daylight, and as I slowly rose 1 recalled the horrors of the night. With daylight, however, my fears had vanished, and I walked into' the church, ashamed of my terror. One of -the windows near the organ loft had blown open, breaking the glass. I now understood that mysterious crash of glass and tinkling round of tho night, and with a nervous little laugh I also recognised my terrible ghosts. They were nothing more than a few music-stands for the Easter orchestra. The young people had carelessly thrown over them eonie of tho white cloths they iiad been using. One of the stands was lying across the backs of the pews beneath the orgirn'iplt This was the one that jumped at me, doubtless blown over by a puff of wind. A glance at the stained-glass window, through Which the early morning sun was shining, explained tho colored lights, only the moon's rays had made them more awesome. I laughed at my foolish ness. But what about the organ? That worried me, and I sprang up the stairs to in vestigate. Curled up on the bench was tho trick dog belonging to the fire- house down the street. How he got into the church I don't H1IUW, IJUU 111 WHS HIS JJUWS 1 1UII, [JUSIIVU HUM U the keys of the organ, and it was his howls and pattering feet that helped to frighten me. I felt very much inclined to punish him, but instead I patted him kindly aod left the church. — Harder' a Round Table. 