THE LIGHT THAT OAST NO SHADOW. Cuitious stories are told about tho powers possessod by certain nativns of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. TheBe old mon, it -is said, have devoted scores of years to the ttuiy of natural laws and forres, which tha rest of tho world hnows nothing about. Lately' a German professor visited tbe ' adepts,' as the60 queer Hindus uro called, for tho purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated Mm rather Bourvily, but interested him all the sume. Ouo day tho professor wanted to ex amine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adopt went with him to a cavo wherein the boohs wore kept. The place was dark us tho bottom of a well. ' I can't see to rend, hero,' said iho visitor. ' Then we will havo some light,' was tho roply, and immediately (ihe profesor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho cavo. Ho oould not tell whence it came, but ho noticed that it had ono Btrongo quality — it cast not the slic litest shadow. This is a Btory hard toboliovo, yet itB truth ia affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now road it have no reason foe doubt except that all the lights you have seen havo cast shadows. Belief or un bolief commonly runs parallel w'th ono'h own oxporionco. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of tho Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tule of the Cook Luuu ghost. A man who ha« boon ill for years, and failed to find icm, is scoptical when friends toll him of u me Heine which thoy boliovo will make him well. What else but doubt could rosult from hia experience ? Tako un example :— '? In tho spring of 1888,' wriies our corres por.dout,' I fell into a low, weak, and languid sluto. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my Btomuoh waa deruiged, my appetito poor, aud af.ur outiuir I had pain end weight at tbo chest. I was much troubled with wind, aud frequently sput up a sour fluid, «lso bitter bile. Later on I Buffered from nervousness and groat depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had alwiiys a senso of disoomfort. Off und nu I continued in this way for two yearn, nothing that I took relieving mo. At last I liourd of Mother Soigel's Syrup, aud pro cured a supply. Aftor I had taken ouly a few doses I found reVo.i : my f ikI digcfiterl. nn-l (rrnduully iJl nurvousneua lof i mo. Although I had no reus-jn at fit bt to fe«l any confidence in this mixiie'no, never having uutd itor^oott it used, I now glndly n'lmir it' vnlup, nud its power over disease. Sinco my recovery, for which I thimli Mother Seigel'n Curative Sjiup, I have been in tho best of health uud spirits. In tho interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duly to m.iid you this testimony. (Signed) D. Giiffiihs. tailor und outfittT, 151, Hockloy Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893.' There ia u deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' cundid letter aud tho story about the light thut cai-t no thndow. Tho latter may bo true enough, but it cannot bo verified without more trouble thun it ia worth. On tho other hand wo huvn u trustworthy witr osa, who will answer lottery of ii.qu.iry, and can bo found ut hia address . Finally, there U no lung mystic or mngical about Mother ^cuel'ii Curutivu Syrup. It, ucts on the theory that most ailments a e but symp toma, fonnp, or phuecs of thatucivcrfa' diocaso — indigea'i n nnd dyspop-da ; it uiu es tbut, and throwa tho light of health and huppineas over hearths nnd homes v here iUnc.1; nnd ptiin had cast euch dark and tcrrifyincr shadows. And thut is why po pie believe all that ia told t.f its sue ots by eager wimeesoa. 