THE LAYING OF GILLIES. Mr. Gillies, on the running out of his agency commission, bethought himself of his once patriotic and resolute declaration, “My duty is here.” So he is here again. Tho old campaigner moonos uo uo very much here if ho and hie friends can only manufacture or work up a fair show for him. They tried it on in the Federation Convention election on March 4. Bubas this veteran finished about twentieth in a field of twenty-nine the experiment was not a success. Mr, Gillies it was felt by the public had had'his price in the’ agent generalship and ought now to retire from politics. If it was anything at all, that was what the late Sir J- B. Patterson meant when he got rid of Mr. Gillies out of the House ' by putt ing- him into that highly paid sinecure. Six thousand pounds, pay able in monthly instalments extending over throe years was sufficient,, it' will be remembered, to cause Mr. Gillies to change his tune as to where his “duty* lay. “My duty is hero ” gave place to “ My duty is i there." Xu cither case tho honorable gentle man did his duty—-to himself. But a bar-' ' gain is a bargain though it be only an implied bargain. No one that wo re member has over attempted to defend the appointment of Mr. Gillies as agent-general. It may have been the most honorable ap pointment ever made, to that office and he may have been the most meritorious and (to the colony) invaluable of agonts goneral. But there are none who Will believe it. Tho Gillies appointment was one of tho things that brought the Patterson- McIntyre Government to grief. It should have brought them to grief in tho House prior to the general election, but there were more partisans of Mr, Gillies in the last Parliament than there are in the' present one. Now, however, like a ghost from the tomb —like the ghost of a politician who has lain for throe years in the agont gonoral’s limbo —Mr. Gillies returns to mildly trouble all sorts of politicians— those who can tolerate him because they see in him a • resemblance to themselves and those who can not tolerate him be cause ho is too clover for them and they do not admire his stylo of displaying it. The first named sort are putting him for ward as a candidate for tho electorate of Toorak, .The Argus notwithstanding that a fow years ago it did such excellent for tho country-in exposing the, disastrous financial policy of the Gillies-Heakin raont, forgets all about it,and welcomesjMr, Gillies back to Victorian politics as the Oho strong man" who is to, do some small wonders when something or other occurs. Advantage is taken of Sir John McIntyre’s absence from tho country to coolly oust him from the leadership of the Conservative party. Mr. Gillies is tho white-headed prodigal for whom the next parliament is to kill the calf, and give tho best titbits to tho before mentioned prodigal. The agency-general business.is to be overlooked, so also are Mr. Gillies’s boom prodigalities. That is; if his apologists in the press can so contrive it. But they cannot. There is mutiny in the camp when tho Conserva tive jouriial tries to reinstate Mr. Gillies astho head of the,party. Mr. GeorgeD.Mou dell, as every one knows or should know, is never happier than when ho is surrounded by figures. lie also has an inconvenient memory. He knows at a minute s notice where to lay his hands on the figures which show how , much it cost Victoria to keep, tho ; Gillies-Heakin Government in office and how Victoria was thereby landed on the very verge of bankruptcy, and is still laboring under such a heavy burden of debt that public works and works of national development have for years since been practically im possible. Mr. Meudoll, though ho belongs to the party of which for many years Mr. Gillies was tho leader, has such an incon venient memor}' that he could not forgot these things. With a courage and love of truthfulness that did him infinite credit ho unbosomed himself in -the Age of a fow figures showing the many millions in interest and otherwise which Mr. Gillies lias cost and is still costing the country. Other correspondents from tho same, side followed. The Ago itself in its leading columns followed it up with all the old fighting vigor of that journal’s best days. Between Mr. Gillios’s Conservative critics writing to the Ago and the Ago itself, wo think this last of tho agents-geueral is about laid to rest. He is not going to be pitchforked. into ■ Sir John McIntyre's place: , The Opposition must look some where else for its man of light and lead- Is it not something like treachery from their own side in putting forward Mr. Gillies to take Sir John’s place when it was understood that during tho absence of tho Premier and Opposition chief no overt or hostile attacks wor.o to be made on either side? If after, paying Mr. Gillies in member’s and ministorial salary between thirty and forty, thousand pounds and following it up with a gift of >£6000 on condition of his staying out of the colony for three years he is not satisfied, what next can, bo done ? It is an enormous price (leaving the twenty millions of loan money out of tlio question) for th© colony to pay for tho services of, a politician whose best services to. the. State'-'are re presented by, ,thd' • mbnopoly. \ Countey News and Mining- Mooting will bo -found.on our.firstpogb this morning... ... " Fourth Page.—The additional, reading matter' will ■ bo found oh. our -fourth page this morning—Mining . Nows: and Notes, Melbourne; Sporting InteUigohoo, Strothflold-* sayo' Council, Tho > ! r^ci , ’othbjr items. r ... , , :T6-»Xy’8.Etonts.-^^ 10 ft.m.; City Council, 3_p.m.; inqiiostro sudden, death, Kangaroo Plat, hospitalconcert, Art rGallcry, 8 p.m.; annual- meetingsubscribers"! Total Abstinence Society, 8 ;‘p.ni.j nicotine' Royers’; Cricket Club, ’ Mechanics’' Institute/ California . Gully, 8 p.m. v :Minihg‘ meeting:<\--v Half-yearly, Londonderry Co. (Moore), Eld p.m.- - .■■■ . . Private School Ohildeen.—Wo aro‘ rc , quested to. contradict :a rumor which has boon spread that children attending private will not bo allowed to toko part in'tho Jubilee Day. procession and sports, “All ohlldrohi how cyor, r arc invited to - " ' ; : AN-HBEBDlxlEY - noon yosterdayj no.other nomination having- boon- received; Sir - Rupert Glarko, Bart., . was -declared duly elected for the SouthonriProvmce, vice Sir W \- J. Clarko; deceased. - ■v:'--;- ■■ v An, IXL-CONSIDBEBD PEOSBOOmfON-~A man ; who was his own lawyorwos, in the oily- court yesterday It was in tho case of William Cooke v. SpargOj'Stonfioldj Sauorbroy, Barker and Broadbrtdgo Mi Cooko conducted his own caso, ondms"'ho:iovxdontly' was never'ihV tended by nature for a lawyer, the tediousncss \- .obiiwtctoi bed tlio wholo proceedings may bo bottoi imagiUod than dosoubod It -was andlasted, with dfi Wtoraission.' of an hour for lunch: until 6' m-tho evening, Yesterdays case -was only another phase of soino litigation which has placo between Messrs Cooko and Sporgo over Hho same matter during tho post throe lyoarsi Briefly, tho facts were those Cooke • and Spargo wont into partnership in the Vic tona Pyrites Works In 1887 In 1892 a 'dispute occurred between them, and arbi \- •. ... .. . . 1 ' tratbrs word called in—Messrs; Stanfield and Pcugolly officiating. They found that Cooke ]jud Ikjoii keeping/thd books iii > peculiar manner, and that it would bo Jicocssary’, to ro* enter all the account'd in a now SOt Oibopks, They did this carefully, aiidtho result arrived at was that Cookowas found .to owe money to the partnership. • -Hi» strong point_ yesterday was the evidence of a cash-book of 1587-8. But it was proved- conclusively that this -identical book had been thrown- out by the chief olork of-the Supremo Court in the first enquity On ftcOouhli of its utter -confusion aud' palpable errors. Thoprbsooutor was given a great deal of latitude, of which ho took full advantago/as the defendants; worO'dosirbue of clearing thom- Solvcs of tile irnputaliOn regardingthair honoSty. Ho could notyhowover, make it,(Hear where any “conspiracy . .came in. The result. was a fore gono conoluslon long bcfore thq oaso ondcd. Jn atinouooiug the bench’s decision the police magistrate made the hardly 'neccßßary remark Uiat Uio dofondantß left,the court without the slightest stain on their olmvacters,. A report is 'MVon else whore. ,1. A Splendid Result.— A mooting of the Citizens? Charity Refreshment Booth and Art Union Committee was hold lost evening at the Town Hall, to-bring the - business to aoon olusiou. The balance sheets which was adopted with “ tinging cheers/’ -showed that the^ profits amounted-to thohandsomo total of £332 6s 9d. It was decided that the committee give their united assistance towards farthering the sale of Golden Trophy Art Union tickets. Hearty votes of thanks wore passed to the fruitgrowers and market gardeners of Bendigo and district, to tho various donors, also to the ladies for their splendid management of the luncheon de partment.--After passing a vote of thanks to the chairman, treasurer and secretary, the com mittee disbonded. , ' , , , Lepebvre’s Financing. —Louie C. Lefebvre who is -already undergoing* a sentence for forgery, was charged at the Melbourne City Court yesterday with uttering u forged promis sonrho to for £3112s 6d, with intent to defraud. Ho was undefended. Michael Salmon, finan cier, of City -Chambers, 114 Elizalmtb street, stated Uiat on October 31 last accused, with whom ho was slightly acquainted, asked him to discount or advance money on a promissory note for £2112s 6d, signed by Thomas Hogan, of the Courthouse Hotel, Bendigo. Defendant said that he saw it signed. Witness told him - it would have to bo endorsed, and accused .then affixed bis signature to the back of the note. Accused produced another note and on . the two witness advanced £25. The note pm-ported to be signed by Mr, Hogan was hold until it matured, and witness then placed it with his bankers for col lection. It was dishonored. Witness learned Hint it was a forgery, and on tolling the accused so, he pooh-poohed the idea. Accused, how- : ever, promised reparation, And as ho failed to I give any, the matter was placed in the hands of tho police. Accused subsequently paid witness back some of the money ho had received on the notes. Thomas Hogan deposed to the note j bearing his name being a forgery. Detective Wilson said that by direction of the Crown solicitor, ho laid tho present information against the accused. - Accused said lie had been taken bv surprise by the charge. He would reserve his defence. Ho was then committed for trial on July 1 next. Cutting up the Sunbury and Keilor Estates —Sir Rupert Clarke, when yesterday thanking the electors of the Southern Province for his unopposed return, said that he in- tended to cub up his big estates near Mel- bourne and form small agricultural farms. This was in accordance with his late father’s intentions. He would do his best also to make the farms remunerative to the holders. Citv Police Court.—Messrs. Dwyer. M and Webb, J.P., presided yesterday - (j,// drunk was discharged. Crown Lp;^’ Bowden Pauli, Rob Oliver, j, Pcato and William O Lougbl- wUh cufc^mg timber, on Crown Lands wd> |ovlt license. Tho ! last case was withdraw-' and too other.three defendants wore fined AOgj in dGfau i fc qs hours’ imprisonment. Tr ; nB pcctorMcAlpine pro ceeded against p o rtbns for neglecting to send thou- oni hirer t 80 | 100 | y ie required number of days dunr-gtho quarter omlingMarcb 31. Fines from Is to 20s were inflicted, according “ •' ,io number of previous history of each cose, ■I. Cartwright, through Mr. Roberta, appealed against tlio seizure, by Ling John, who was re presented by Mr. Ni Gan, of certain goods, on the ground that they were fixtures, and were also tools of .trade, under the value of £lO. Tho bench took the latter. view, and the disc was struck out, 10s 6d costs being,awarded against Ling John. Peter Vanccnborgon and Lucy Patton for refusing to have children vaccinated, wore fined 10s ana £2 respectively. Other; cases are reported,elsewhere. , . Cablbssness or tor McAlpino had a. “ day out ” at the pity court yesterday. He summoned no less than 63 persons for nob sending their children to 1 school tho required number of days during tlio 1 quarter ending March 30. Many of the defend- i nntsjdid nob appear, but tlio fines were re corded just the same. By those, who did appear maiiy and various excuses wore put forward, while a few made no apology, but walked up to tho bench with money in their bands to pay tho fine. TUfr fines ranged fronvls to £l, the order being for first offenders, 5s for second, mid £l for £nb third and for “habituals.” -Tho 63 cases wore run through in about an hour aud a quarter’ J A.N.A.—Tho half-yearly meeting was held at the A.N.A. Hal! last evening. Mr. T. Glass (president) was in the chair, and .there was a; largo attendance. The election of officers re sulted President, Mr. T. Glass,; vice-presi dent, Mr. M. J. E. Stapleton; treasurer,Mr. W. H. Daymond; seeretai-y, Mr. J. H, Ciirnow; assistant secretary, Mr. C. Cording; committee, Messrs. E, W. Hands, W. Wallace, .J.F. Bogan, J. Stevens and W. Crowley; auditors, Messrs. E. Morey and A. G. Daymond; -delegates to the , .dispensary, Messrs. T, Gloss, A. G, Dunlop and C. Daley. Tho newly elected officers wore in stalled by Mr. M. J. Cahill. - .Donations: of £2 2s and £1 Is were respectively voted to tlio Watson’s Sustehtation Fund and 1 the Melbourne Children’s Hospital. The cash token during." the night was £l3O. ~ St. Ejlian’s Pro-Cathedral'. —Yesterday was Corpus Christi; and Uio occasion .was celebrated at St. Kiliah’s by a special feast of Hie Holy Eucharist. Three masses’ wore celebrated during the 1 day at St Kilian’s, and aftef tho 11 o’clock moss a procession .of the; Blessed Sacrament took place round the church' grounds and the bishop’s palace. The mass' was celebrated by the Rev. Father Moore, and the Blessed Sacrament taken in the procession. by the Most Rev. Bishop Reville. ' Medical. —Dr. E. Crowley, one of the .resi dent surgeons at tho Melbourne Hospital, re ceived a cablegram yesterday, informing him' .that his brother, Dr. John Crowley; who was also at one time a resident at ;thq same hos- - pitftl, bad passed his final examination for the , Fellowship of the Royal' College of Surgeons, England. • Mining Accident. —A-young man . named George Cornwall, 29 years of ago, working at, the Frederick the Great mine, Sebastian, w' ’admitted to tho hospital yesterday’ suffer*-a from a badly lacerated band. \ The hap*. ''tog caught in the cogs ofa winch,' .was The Pouoe’Gazbttr notifies.:- Ip laborer, Kerong Yale,, xworte ;ri', r y-Magrcr . hawk, on the Bth a bay > in w ? “tHagP a fivo years old, bounded J ' nf>nr saddle hac .v marked, not shod. , o "\dor. Bad > i die Cawley, joiner; Ste' wo n T. reports stolen at ehnp'j F .asfc, a black oiid tar gw asL, one ear i ' g ’ « boul> l°° r ;ye«f v old, log broken- vorl otlier, one too co' hin^ Suddek Death.— Robert H spSSfeClg A vßlack ' lUinbo-cv.—A Taradalf . pendent brthe .Castlemaino-Leader vf rites • A \- a Uaek . mado ita appearanco in the sky. on M> /nday and oausod no slight amount at oms' 3 It was visible for.sovcral minutes. ' . < ft fSo S S7i. ri)ENTIFrAnLB -~ ThoPoli ce Gazette : Btatesthafcamqn,namo unknown, / is oh arced on warrant, .with ; behaving. in .-a „ dhsSc Hotel, Wluto HiilSj .on. the Sth ins t- Descriu- \- 30 yCftt Sft 6-6r 7in ; Web, fan- comploxionground featim, Makw ; xvir<^\vbrlc ; Tvhioli ho hawks fpr salo - around: r Bohdico dnd Eaglohawk, itay go to Eaglehaw k. ■' /. A F.'oithing Damages.— ln .*a libel notion brought jn, tlio Sydney Saprolno • Court -by Drl of Grange, .against .t- he Melbourne' v^ U y«°" re turned.; a Vori diet for. plaintiff, .vrtAn .damMMSs doctor s, gi’iovanco was that tlib; SydnwTcbriros pondont of the Argus i-olhted ufat 1 Orange gave the doctor VhoraewlSng -boraas tho doetor only, receiv ed, one or tW story of “ the .Bcazihan Wy,” /asi told .in the - Hallwat City higbly '.diyjertingvh dldorly? man uf shabby-gentecl appoaraneb, ■B.amod .Vpftfcrick Dy.P” B !, .%^^Av^;oharged^':.wx^'- : .ligiM'a;; SSJS a ykgaborid<-and -ivictii ..imposiKori.' From tho.evidqneo ciyen. ; the priso some. t davs been .^omgfr in DalV l a -« BrazmKA-flaiiJ-Sb amalkpaokefe^ sixpence' ' The - to they . k ; Mo: flioi. into 'the: Jut 1 - of This packet contains Armed "with 'MplbQHttap)'' Ba<toqcded'ih;mposmg> ■■ ■ &, r. *.. •«: v£-‘ upon qnite& nußil»bir of people.'' i So Buoc6»Bfnl was he thakwhoivarreatod .Bevoralpoands j n cosh, wore found upon him. Analysis nfc the hands of Mr. RoOriOy, of tlio' Rotanicals Gnv donu, and Mr. R.U.;Nloholl8, tlic well known accdanmn, showed the r seeds : wore ’ a Jfrttud j in other words, Uiatthoy wcro simply buckwheat. Thdbonch sentenced Uini to two.mon tins’ im prisonment, and the, buckwheat; found upon lu rn “ to bo Odn fiscatcd to tlio Stkte." Totac ; Amtinenob annual mooting of. financial -ineraborS; will bo hold to night’ dl thd Teihpotpuce Hall at B o’clock. ■'MAiiY 26, iadmitted to the hospital on the 3rd irist, died yesterday from phtnisifliw 7 • ■: - Martin LqudHNAN’s lteman Catholic AdVoeate contains an account of tho ccfomdnydf liiyirig" tlio foundation stone of a cUilroh w bo erected inKilkonny, Ireland, to tho memory of, Ufa Tate Martin Loughrmn, of Ballarat. The .cost' pf the . building will j w £30,000, and it.-will bp defrayed by tho-dc : ceasod’s brothers, mid his ", brpthbrs’ sons, to whom' the , great'Jiulk of, the fortune of a quarter ofa iniUiOUwaa'loft. - ~ ■ Snow and Fire. — A report from Tutoko (N.Z.), states .that-a snow olad mountam.9oooft Inch, near Milford Sound, bps became an active volcano. The -report ’ls confirmed by clouds of smoke and vapor seen issuing from the mountain. ‘ CITY Pooh Box.—Sergeant Kilfeddor ac knowledges tho receipt of £1 to wards, tho poor box from Mr. H. Burridgo, v T’o-iiATj Messrs. Hobson and Go. will soil, on the promises, comer of Barnard and Wattle streets, a grocer’s stock-in-trade, working plant, counters, shelving, fixtures and scales, on account of Mr, T, Rogers. Messrs. H. M. Marks atfd Cos. will to-day soli by auction tho privilege of the publican’s booth for the Golden City Club’s race meeting, to be hold on Tuesday, next, (Jubilee day) at South Atlas racecourse. Great Fun Sale,— A very largo number of people visited' the rooms of Messrs. 11, kR Marks and Cos, yesterday and lost night for the* purpose of inspecting the magnificent collection* nnd selection of furs to be offered for sale by auction • to-day. Tho sale commences at 11 o’clock. Tho furs were generally admired, tho quality and styles beingtho theme of conversa tion amongst the ladies. The advertisement states that every lot will bo sold without re serve. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. .1. B. Edwards’s yesterday wore:— I Thermometer, —9a.n0;,50° ; 12 noon, 56° ; 3 p.m., 60°; 6 Bin., 68° ; maximum, 62 f ; minimum, 45°. arometor—9 0.m., 29*81; 8 p.m., 29‘56; 6 p.m., 29*52. 