W H E I I E ] A Y V , 1 R C H E A P . Th" wickeib ^t tlMvn OM ()u, ^ nicricaii cm | ' "lent, is Cupp!,. r _ accor'biig 1" ' esperls. lo pdlux of desperadors it owed a great labour strike of last year, the rpielliitg of which reipured a sheriffs posrte of I,(,00 mm, horse and infantry, armed with Wnicestt rs and supported with Hading gnus ami cannon. " (ienera! " Jack Smith was the commander of the niiners' forces. He, appears to have been a desperado almost from boyhood. Coming to Cripple Creek nver a y<, ar hc found himself/ in tho midst of a horde of men of like character, and it, took them hut, a short time 10 foment a labour agitation amoiiR the miners. Destruction of nuniDg property, theft., and the murder of non-union miners h?gan to be of regular occurrence. At the outset, of his generalship Smith made his headi|ip<r(ers on Bull Hill, a mountain whose every approach could be guarded. All the trails and roads were mined with drnamite that cculd lie touched oir through wires from the aummit, 11 necessary, to drive away an invading force. It was given out and beliered that the strikers had cannon on the hill, and on a crag a fort was 'omit, a corner of it, being visible by the, aid of glasses, I'or oyer a month the miners owned Cripple Creek. Thnj marie daily raids into private housi s for arms and ammunition, and appropriated anything else that caught their fancy. Other outrages,too numerous to particularise, were committed, but the most malicious was the blowing up of the Strong Mine shaft hause The .superintc 'iidcnt and two men tveru in the mine at the time, and would have perished but for the fact that one of them was an Oddfellow and one of the strikers, who belonged to the same organisation, opened the covering of the air-shatt. A few sveeks ago sc ma of Smith's friends sve.re put in the Bull Hill lock-up for a misdemeanour, and Smith shot the padlock off the jail door and liberated them. He then began to look for the marshal, with the avosse.d intention of killing him, but his intended victim was (pucker with his gun and toppled over bofh Smith anrl a companion named J'opst. Smith lived a short time alter receiving his wound, and his last wish svas for a Christian baptism, which was jjiveu linn by a Catholic pri. st who was near. Anmtig others who contributed to the liveliness of Cripple Creek at different times was Ualla Mingley, whose antecedents were unknown, but who w*s evidently a man ot education. He made a strike arid then spent his money in buying the drinks for everyone in sight. He had a playful svay of drawing a gun and apparently compelling the only too-willing crowd to drink with him. On one occasion a young tenderfoot svas iu a saloon where Ualla made his plav. .and, thinking himself in danger, (ircd a pistol shot through his coat, pocki t. IJalla dropped and died from hemorrhage, but betore ho yielded up the ghost he delivered a sermon on his wasted life and (lie golden opportunities for redemption that, ft is hearers were missing ; it was powerful, so eloquent, and so touching in its tragic surrounding as t-o cause score of strong men to weep like, children. However, Ihr: town finally obtained an officer, who was accorded the greatest respect by the tough element. Marshal Charley Norton's absolute tearlesMiess was never bettor illustrated than when a mob gathered to lynch him. They had a rope, and just as a resolution was passed to hang the marshal, thu intended victim made his way out of a salcon towards them with a revolver in each hand. "I understand you ftdlosss want to hang me, ' he said. " Here I am." The crowd was so dunifoiinded at tht re.ckleis br avery of the man th at everyone sr.. akoit away. tiarnbling of all kinds goes on openly, advertisements of the places appeanug m the local papers, and printed cards posted up behind the dealer in a majority of the games inform the uninitiated (hat "this game never closes.'' On one occasion a player drew a gun to avenge a fancied trick of the dealer, but the latter fired through the table, taking a spot out of the ten and the ball crashed into the man's head. The corpse tell forward on the table, the dealer pushed i* b;,ck into the, seat, and went on to the end of the deal. The patrons of the dance halls are entertained by women of the lowest and most depraved class. Some of the best variety performers IU the West reach Cripple Creek aod also some of the worst. It is a very common t usfont tosuower silver dollars on the Stars, and this was carried out, with a vengeance once in the case of Dolly Kmcrsou. a woman w;ho some years ago was at the head of the rariety profession in the West. Silver dollars feli around her like hail, some being thrown with no gentle, hand, and one man hurled a tobacco sack containing two ounces of placer gold. He was in the roar of the hoti»e, and his aim wss either ton good or not good enough, for the sack struck Doily on the. forehead, kuocking her senseless. Her lacerated feelings were smoothed over by the generosity of the shower, J4-2 silver dollars, as well as the gold dust, being picked up by the theatre attaches and handed to her. 