SPORTING. Nominators' of horses engaged in the Newmarket .'Handicap and Australian Cup may escape farther liability by scratching before 4 p.m. to-iiay.; The first payment of 1 sov. each for the Sires' Produce Stakes is also due at the same time. Nominations for the general events to be decided at'the V.A.T.C. Autumn Meeting close to-day. The Morning Star races are advertised to take place near Kapunda on Wednesday, February 10. Nominations for the Handicap and Flying Handicap cloae with the Secretary at 9p.m. on February 2; acceptances are doe on February 8. The Tasmanian jumper Alveston, who has been nominated for the Onkaparinga Hurdles and Steeple, will probably visit Victoria after the Hobart and Launoeston meetings. It is reported that the V.R.C. Committee are again about to undertake the task of revising the rules of racing, it being found that many of the roles are contradictory and others unworkable. _ GaUnt, Malnla. and Master Tom are now in Sydney, the two last-named being on their way to Queensland. It is reported that Armenia, who was par chased from Mr. S. Hordern for India, died at Bangalore the'day alter his arrival. Speaking of the miming of the last Vioeroy'a CSup, -won by Sbrightly, the Indian, Planter? Qazttlc said of jTortunatus:—"However good a little horse he may be, he is still only flesh and blood, And we 'were not surprised to see him fail in the hour of need. He ran like a dead, horse, and'by the time they got to the half- mile post, and he ought to have been up and at Sprightly. he died away to nothing, and never, raced another yard." The same paper congratulates H.H. of Pateala "upon possessing the best' horse (Sprightly) that ever -went to InSiStr" ' Idolater was badly served in ,the Viceroy's 1 Gup Race. He was -repeatedly bumped on.t^ie rails by Donegal, and so out and otherwise 'hurt that he had to be removed in.an.unbulance.. .. The Australian cross-country horse, Ebor, by Robert the Devil, darned 12 Bt. in the Great Midlands Handicap Steeplechase, two miles, won'by him at. theWottingham Dooember Meeting. Commenting on the race, the SporUirva/n .(England) says:—" Now follow the- chief «vent, "the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, which brought' out an excellent field, no fewer, than fourteen runners taking part. _ The race consequently had & very open appearance,' irid as soon as the betting had settled down ,Ebar was a'decided favourite, the chief - "danger being feared from another SuS8ei-takined one, Grreenhill, who was a very etrong paddock tip. Bevil,- Ruric, and Cestus were all well backed, and good money could be traced to ldalus and Fiying Jib, whilst 10 to X was accepted about Comic Opera, although he had' l»6n ; coughing after his arrival here. Wiiatever chance Greenhill had was oarly extinguished, asfce'whipped round as soon as the flag fell andiost so much ground that although sent on again, it was impossible 'for him to make it' up. Ebor <soon proved thai he is as mnch,at _home .oypr. fences as hurdles, and in the first half-mile he made the pace so hot that heliad the bulk of the field settled before half the journey had been completed; in fact, as they'entered the straight the only one with a ghost of a' cfiaoce against the New Zeatander was Idalus. The latter was going exceedingly well,' but after- jumping the last fence he fell in the^nezt two strides, and Ebor was then left to canter home at his leisure." 