<P CYCLING NOTES, c) BY SAFETT. THE SONG OF THE SPURT. With nerves all shattered and gone, And a heart forced out of place! A bicyclist rode with his nose to his knees, Setting a record pace. Plain and valley and hill, And hill and valley and plain; Till over the handles he falls asleep. To waken and scorch again. What matter the shortened life, Or the premature old age: If only the record be lowered a bit, Ana the maker's fortune made. Oh, you with tyres to boom 1 Oh, you with machines to sell! 'TIB not the miles that are travelled that kill, 'Tis the pace that is bound to tell. MR. J. A. SMITH, well-known cycling agent, is in the Western districts just now, and is making the acquaintance of all local guns. He lett for Blackall on Wednes day morning, riding a " Yellow Fellow." On Tuesday evening Mr. Smith tried the Barcal dine cycling track, and exhibited a bit of scientific riding for a couple of laps. Mr. F. A. O'ROURKE writes from Jericho regarding the blanketing I recommended some weeks ago as a preventative of puncturing: Many thanks for the blanketing. Since using it I have never had a puncture, but if I had not something to prevent, I am sure I should have had a dozen. I notice small pieces of stick, when they enter the cover, turn off in a side direction as soon as they come in contact with the blanketing. Prickles or anything sharp- pointed will enter, but as yet I have not came across one long enough to go through the cover and blanketing to reach the tube so as to cause a puncture. In fact, with the blanketing there is little need of fear of a puncture. [The fact of the blanketing turn ing the prickles aside is proof enough that without the new protection the sticks would be long enough to enter the tube. To give the blanketing a thorough test I rode through " bindyeye" country with the front wheel only protected. The result was that the front wheel had the appearance of a pincushion, with not a solitary puncture, while the hind wheel, which only picked up the leavings, as it were, of the front wheel,-well, I don't think I have found all the punctures yet. SAFETY.] AT the Hibernian sports at Mt. Morgan on St. Patrick's Day, it took the winner of the only cycle event 3min. l6£secs. to rattle off the mile. R. Easton was first, with his brother Bill second. I AM sorry to say the Goodson benefit meet ing on the 20th inst. at Rockhampton was not the financial success anticipated, due probably to the fact the heneficiarie was debarred from riding on account of his recent accident. It being something like the play of Hamlet without the Ghost, a great many sportsmen stayed away. The sport, however, was good. The One-Mile Handicap was won by H. Goodson (iooyds.), in 2.37 3.5. The Half Mile fell to H. Goodson (50yds.) again, the time being 1.14 2.5. The l£-mile was an nexed by W. G. Jackson (62yds.), who rode very pluckily, in 4.3. The Mile Scratch Race was won by Richardson in 2.4J. All the winners rode Imperial Rovers -a favorite machine in Rockhampton. I HAVE received from Messrs. W. Munro & Co., of Rockhampton, agents, a copy of the handbook issued by the Centaur Company, of Coventry, England, one of the four old manu facturers. The Centaur is as yet unknown in Central Queensland, but the makers claim for it several improvements in handle-bars, self sealing tubes in case of puncture, improved bearings with oil wells, improved seat bracket, &c.; The illustrations give the machines a nice appearance, and I hope shortly to see one in work here. SOMETHING novel in the way of cycling will take place next Saturday at Rockhamp ton, on behalf of the Lady Norman Hospital, says the Bulletin. A ladies' bicycle parade is advertised, and we are informed that both a lady and gentleman judge will be chosen to decide which competitor are best entitled to the prize, grace and style of riding to be the test of merit. All lady cyclists are re quested to assist, as in so doing they will be helping an institution whose committee will be thankful for assistance. Besides the above parade there will be a gentlemen's one-mile bicycle handicap, prize a silver cup value £5 5s- The committee have made the en trance fee low to encourage a large entry. IN view of my remarks last week re cyclists stating machines they purposed riding when nominating, the following from the Queens land Times will be of interest:-A special meeting of the Ipswich branch of the Queens land League of Wheelmen was held on Tues day evening last to deal with a protest re ceived by the secretary from the second man (J. T. Stokoe) in the road race on Saturday last against the first prize being paid to the winner (G. A. Jackes), on the ground that he rode a machine lighter than the one specified in his nomination. After considerable dis cussion 011 the matter, a committee was formed to weigh the machine, and in the meantime the secretary was instructed to write to the League for a definition of a "roadster." Jackes entered on a roadster, but did not state its weight. If the machine scales the necessary weight, it is understood that the money will be paid over to the winner. Mr. K. E. EDGE, managing director of the Austral Cycle Agency Company, has received a cablegram notifying that the Dunlop Pneu matic Tire Company, Limited, have secured the verdict with costs on appeal in London in their action against infringements of the Clincher patents, recently purchased by them for £1,000,000. This decision is of great im portance to the company, as may be imagined from the sum paid. A LADY cyclist in knickerbockers was riding in the neighborhood of Wareham, England, recently. She lost her way, and seeing a countryman in front, rode up to him, alighted, and said: "Can you tell me if this is the right way to Wareham?" The man looked her up and down with great attention, and then slowly replied: " Yes, n<iss-yes; you seem to have got 'em on all right." THE Sydney to Melbourne record, which stood at 4 days 3 hours 45 minutes, and was held by P. W. Armstrong, has been broken by the Beyer Bros., who had many difficulties to contend with on the journey, and succeeded in reducing the time to 4 days I hour 17 min. They arrived in Melbourne on 21st March. PORTA was one of Bill Martin's witnesses during the re-opened hearing of the latter's case before the match officials. Porta was once asked why the reputed partnership be tween himself and Martin had been severed. "Missa Martin know too mooch," he ex plained, " Porta joost like leetle baby." Porta knows a thing or two now, though, for he has apparently grown since then. " DO you think," said Jones, " the bicycle has come to stay ?" " Well, that all depends," says Smith, "whether you have bought the thing right out, or have purchased on the in stalment plan." THE bicycle has been recommended by several American doctors as a cure for in sanity. Very often it is the other way about! MANY riders object to carry a bag full of spanners, but (the Cycler's News says) you should never set on a run without having at least one wrench in either your tool-bag or pocket, otherwise you may find your ride spoiled should any one of a dozen or so im portant nuts come loose, and, when bumping over rough roads, even well-fitted and usually well-behaving nuts come loose sometimes. If you elect to carry only one spanner or wrench, it should in that case be of an ad i'ustable variety, and a good one at that. Nothing spoils nuts so sooa as an ill-fitting wrench. You can never get a fair grip, and it slips and takes the corners off not only the nuts, but often off your knuckles too. See that you get a good one, that will adjust to a nicety, and be firm withal. A CYCLING agency in Melbourne, which stocks a high-grade English machine, received a letter last week from the makers, in which they confess their inability to keep pace with the demand for their cycles. As showing the still- increasing demand for good wheels, and the independence of English manufacturers, we quote a portion of their letter:-" With a view of putting the matter right for the coming season, will you kindly take note that we are fully booked up with orders; indeed we could have sold our entire output for 1897 many times over. You must be good enough, there fore, not to expect us to supply in large quan tities. We will certainly do our utmost to let you have a case now and then, but we cannot promise more. We can see little or no pros pect of increasing our output beyond our esti mated limit Really, high-grade machines cannot be rushed, as you are well aware." There are no signs of a collapse in the trade across the water evidently. 