I THE GIRL HE LEFT BEHIND HIM. / George -GrajliDR, of South Africa, sod lord fiodmio,uf Tiverdou House, L'uk- liuio, hud just met, for tile lint timo for tr/o Tears, on Sunday morning, near the Aebiilee statue. ' ' Yes, I got baclr lata last uight," said Gray ling, surreyiug the black leafless trees and the drab tintad fronts of tho stately English houses with a look ot intonso satisfaction in hia ealm'blue eyes. " It is threo years since I lust ast>foot in London. Nothing seems altcrod, and yet I suppose everything is changed. Wb.tVthe earliest boar at which u man may venture to caU on old friends on Bnnd.y morn- ing P" " Ob, giro 'em till balf-past one !" said Lord Bodmin. " People go to ohurch aud lio iu bed on Sunday mornings, cow. What did thoy do threo years ago, 1 wonder ?" Lord Bodmin .glanced at his friend, and . a good-humoured sinile lurked about his lips. - He had gono on , shouting tour with this tawny-bearded, sunburnt traveller in tbe land where the man wts known as a mighbr hunter and the best of leaders for wealthy youth in parsuit of sport anti adventure. After a suc cessful trip up country, they had parted the flrmrst of frisnds— Grayling to prospect for the new gold of a virgin land, Juclc Idayward to return to tho old world to look utter tbo ancient estates so soon to be his own. A recol- lootion of the rqugbnets of tho waggon life — itbo primitlvo cookery, aud tho modest wurdrobo — camo into his mind as he noted tho conven tional correctness of Grayling's proient cos- ! turns. I . " You seem to have followed the fashions I pretty earefiilly," ho said, laughing. " Bid you fit out in Capo Town, or had you the vanity I to sond on to Loudon for what you wanted ?" j " They were waitiug for mo at the hotel lost I night. I didn't want to turn up quite liks a I savage. What are you laughing at P Are tbey jail wrong?" and Grayling luabcd down at his I irreproaohublo attire in sudden doubt, j " My dear follow, they are perfection. You must give me thu address of your tailor. 1 was only laughing because 1 shouldn't have suspec ted you capable of taking so much trouble. But tbe veldt isn't Hyde Park, is it ? And white ' women are more fanciful thnn black in thn matter of olothes, aren't thoy P 1 think sho will be rather flattered by your forethought." 1 "Who will be flattered? What do yon : mean ? " " Why, tbe lady thut you are going to oall upon at half-post ono. Toll me all nbout it, I old ohap. I.hopo shu is worthy of you.' > George Grayling bit hia light moustache, looked slightly puzzled, if not offeudud, and Itbea laughed frankly and heartily— a littlo louder, perhaps, than is custumary nt Church Parade in London. " Bodmin, you're tin good j a sort as evor," ho said, cheerily. " When 1 > saw you just-now I was in two minds about ! speaking to you. Jack Haywurd ou bis travels 1 in Africa and Lord Bodmin at bomo are two | very different people, 1 thought. Of course, I knew you'd be civil, but I didn't expect you to be friendly ; and, hang me, ir you don't seem as pleased to see me agaiu as I aai to see you." " I am— every bit, nnd more," said Bndmiu ; ! end I Want to hear all that's happened sinco tbe old deys. Yon romombcr ws used to get pretty confidential in that old waggon." " You did, you mean. You used to tell mo | about a dozen different lovo affairs, eaeli of , 1 which, you said, had driven you from your native country. Now you havo come iuto your own, I suppose you are rarely driven to despair, eb?" "Ob, I am a reformed oharaoter, and a credit to the peerage. I am going to be married. Mado up my mind to the fatal plunge this autumn. Mado my eboiee. proposed, and was !i refused. You wouldn't believo it, would you, .I in these bard times ? But I boro it philosophi cally. It was quite right : I didn't deserve her. And I don't. For I offered ber nnolhvr < chance — just to mako sure that I hadn't mis understood—and the second time she gavo I way, and submitted to fate." I " 1 congratulate you," said Grayling. " And she is to bo congratulated." " Far from it," said Bodmin, lightly. "Sho jis muoh too good forme. But tell me about jyoursclf. What or who has drawn you from the couqueriug uud oiviliiing business ?" " Well, the fact is I want to follow your good example— I want to get married." | " Some one you met out there ?" I " No ; some one I loft behind me when I .wmt into exile. I always told you that 1 wus liu love— with one instead of a dozen— but you 'didn't believe me. Well, I was engaged to her iheforo I left. I asked her if she would wait jwhile I went In search of a fortune ; and shu 'has waited for me. Three years is a loug time, isn't it p" i " I'm sure she is a uico girl, or you wouldn't ,bo so fond of ber," eaid Bodmiu, kindly. | " Fond of bor hardly orprejats it," eaid : Grayliog, with a smile. " You know what sort \- 1 of fortuoo is made trading ivory, uud all tho ' rest of it, aud who realises tbe profits of /gbld-miuiog — tho fellows who do tbo idigging, .or the fellows who stay at homo and |writo prospectuses about it P At tho end of tho Iflrst year I thought I should be ooming back iu another twelve months, a rich man — that is, as rich as 1 wauled to be. But, after that first tyear, every mouth found me farther away from , . my goal. Even inlroiiuoiug tho aristocraoy to .. big gamo didn't set me up for lifo." I " You surpriso mo by that." I No one enn wait for evor. And, as tho timo went by, you can guass how I used to think 'about my chances. A pretty girl, a girl certain to be admired, living ia London in a worldly set, with a worldly family uot likely to underrate the advantages of a good matoh or tbe folly of a bad oue ; and a penniless beggar on tbo other side of tlio glohe, asking her to keep free until it suited bim to come back and elalm ber. Of course, her people told her I would never como back at all, aud hoped it, no Doubt." " But they would have heard of you this last \- pmr," said Bodmiu. " Y.ur name was always tu thu papers'," " Oh, with the Company. She told me she ' followed all that with interest. . I had Ave let- . ti-rs from her iutboso threo years. Itoldber V it was no use writing, and whon I got the last letter I was a rich man. Think of it— nine y hundred a year, left me by an old aunt, waiting ' for ' me in England. Seems n trifle paltry to ' ' >you no doubt, but to me it was wealth beyond . ' . the dreams of avarice ; aud in the way ot land, ff'm a tremendous owner. WUiog to part with ; an immense estate iu tbe neighbourhood of : the flourishing city of Bulawayo, if you've got .tho lsnd-heuger on you." y "Thanks! I liud a Yorkshire holding quite far enough away to be troublesome. Go on. 1 tuko it you caine homo without wasting uuy > more time ?" !' Like a stone from a sling. She bad been true to mo. She was still waiting for me. She . bod just refused some heavy eweli for my sako. \- INo .doubt hur mother and sister were furious , . "with her. I think I should have come book wheu 1 got that letter, oven if 1 hadn't heard 1 : 'from the lawyers about tho money at the same jtiine. Sho bad kept ber promise. God bless hor. But l am only boring you. You aren't \- '.listening.'" " Yes, I was. You said you came straight ns an arrow from Bulawayo," said Lord iBiidmin, hurriedly. " I fauoied I eaw some flDe. - Yes, by Jove, here pho domes !" ' Grayling, following tho direction of his 'friend's oyea, started violently. . > " How did you know ?" he hskod, his , voice \-- ' j founding hualot (ram. ematfott, I But Bodmin did not hoar the question. A carnage had passed. Au eldorly woman ond a handsome girl, who had just entered the park, were waiting on tbo other aide for tho carriage to go by, before crossing.tUo.road. Tbe noise of tho passing wheels bad drowned Grayling's . words. "It's Edith Cbalmors— tbo girM n oven gaged- lo— — aDd h« mother," said Lord' Bodmin, quickly . " Don't run away I I should like to' ntroduce you to them," " No, I won't ruu away," said' Grayling, quietly. " But-yon needn't introduce me. I' have often met Lady Jane and her daughter." Presently, after he had been woloomcd back to Ijonduti with tbe unexuberant politeness of well- bred people, Mr. Grayling and bis old friends strolled back to the Achillas statue. At this point tho crowd rendered progress difficult, and Bliss Choi mere was given an op portunity of ronening her acquaintance with the exile in a brief tete-a-tete. Lord Bodmin wns a few paces in front of them, gallantly steering Lady Jano through the prcae of tbo mob. and Miss Chalmers spoke in rapid lew tones : " Why didn't you write to say you were returning P" " I have arrived ns mon as my letter could." " Havo you heird of it— rrom him !" " Yes j Bodmin has just told mo." " Arn you surprised ?" Grayling looked at her stsadily.apd snid trill) cold contempt, " No, I am uot surprised.". : " You are very cruel. Are you going to be long in town ?' "No, lam only passing ihrough. lam ou my wsy lo Africa.'' " You will come .ibis afternoon. ' Come early, I " " I im very sorry. I have so little timo in Loudou that I fear— — 1 " ' " You must come. Do you hoar ?" Grayling looked at her ogsiu. sud tbo beauti ful dark eyua flashed in command sud sofionod in nppcal. It was the same face, but paler mid harder than when it came to him in his dreams under thu Southern stars night after night during the last three voire. The dark hair, the Arm white brow uud chin, and the full lips which trembled ever so slightly, anil the stately carriage of tbo graceful beml wrio the saint-, yet not tbe same.. Tbe sense of tbo wrong sbo hnd done bim hsrileurd bis heart against her beauty, uud tilled him witb vague woudrr at his own folly. " My comiug could do no coed, I don't nsk for any rxplanation. I can quite understand. Good-bye," bo said, firmly ; und tbun, rushing liis adieux to Lady Jano mid Bodmin, hu loft them.- " If you hod not oomo, 1 should have gone to your hotel." " Your nolo gavo mo no choice. But it is vciy.foolish. Your mother will bo angry. Does she know I'm going back to- morrow?" The wiuter afternoon was drawing to a close ; tho little panelled room which Grayling re membered to well wes full of straugo shadows. Each time thut thu flro leapt iuto lifo in the bnsket-grntc, soma familiar object sprang out from tho gloom of the walls— a picture, a carved bookcase, tbo writiDg- tablo at whioh she hud penned tbe letters which bad bept bis ho|»s from fading out thorc in the wilderness. " Never mind my mother. She knows that I meant to ace yon— alone. And she prefers this to the other way. 1 want you to uudvrstend how it hnpponod. You know that wo hadn't too muoh money iu tho old days. Well, tbings got worse and worse. My mother's income has dwindled away almost to nothing. It is only what my hither settled on run and tbo help my nnclc gives ns that have enabled us to keep ou in tbo old house ; and ovea then we are bideonely in debt and alwoye in money diffi culties. Of course, tboy all Buid t must marry somo rich man, aud save tbe family. Every body was against me— m'othor, Alien, my uiieleB — overybody. They said it was madness to expect you to return — tbit you would either get killed, or would sottlo down with a score of black wives and bo a obiof, and never como bock. Tboy aaid if you really cared for me, you would havo been back long ago. Then, whon thoy fouud oat that 1 bad refused Lord Bodmin, thoy made my lifo an absolute torment to me. My unole said I was killing my mother, my mother said I was ruining my sister's prospcols — that she could never get married until I was out of tho way. Tboy all made mo feel bow much they wanted to got rid of me. " George, don't be unkind I Say yon oau muko allowances or something— even if you don't mean it. Why did you go away ? Why woro you eu proud P 1 had eaough thon for both of us. Why didn't you marry me ? It wus your horrible prido— tbo pride that men always hold dearer than tfceir love. " George, do you hear what I-say P" and sho camo ovor to tbo hearthrug, where he stood staring into tho heart of tbe red lire, and laid her hand on bis shoulder. " I swear'l was as much in love with you as I was on the day that 1 told Bodmiu I would bo his wifo. Thoy had made me beliovo that it was my duty— that it would be best for you as well as for us. But now thut you have come back, what shall 1 do— what aball I do ?" aud she leant her head upon hor hand, " Did you tell Bodmin anything of the past ?" " No. If bu had known ho would never bavo asked me to bo bin wife. He is very good and very kind, and I have treated him sbamefully. But, George, he doesn't love me aa you used to —as you do now. It is no good pretending Nothing can make nay difference. You lovo me as much as over— 1 know you do," Then suddenly she looked up, and, clasping bis hand, said almost defiantly : " I won't do it, George, uoiv you have re turned 1 I don't care for anything in the world but you. Family, friends, reputation, are .11 nothing. Take me back to Africa with you, and let us forget everything but our lovo." "You forget that Bodmiu is my frieud. Treachery to bim would " " Oh ! be will got over your treachery." "Yes, but 1 shouldn't. Edith, you don't understand. My love was the girl who refaaed the rich man for tho sako of hor ponoileas lover; tho girl who jiltod Lord Bodmiu is some ouo quite different 1 Good-bye 1" " George, don't go 1 You won't go to-morrow — you will wait just a little while ?" ' " I sball leave Oharieg Cross to-morrow morning by tho elerou-lhirty train for Dover," " Charing CrosB I That's the train mother and I went to PuriB iu," And tbo girl laoghed hysterically, " If you want to eib with your back to tbe engine, you must start tbo other way, beeauto tbe train changes onds at Cuunon-street. Ob, Georgo 1 how can you be so orucl ?" Aid sho caught his hand and bnnt into tears, " Why don't you Bay that you are glad to be free, thut yon bad grown tired of me, and ooly came back to do yonr duty to the old love that was cold aud dead ?" " You know that I could not say that with out lying," " Then yon do love me still P Then let mo come with yon— take mo back with yon I" " Good-byo !" And he gently released him self from the oloap of ber trembling bands, " Dou't thmk that I try to be oruol, or that I don't understand tbe pressure which has mado you promise yourself to another man. It wus an unequal bargain. Three years is au absurdly long time— a lifetime in Meyfiir, isn't it t IBut in Afrioa— you oau guess how time flies out there. There was no merit in remaining fuith- ful— " "George, I. hats you!" Aud abe threw off the hand to whioh she had been cliogiog convul- sively. Then, as ho reached tho threshold, sbo called after him : "No 1 1 lovo you— more than over I" Caneon-street Station in the fog of the wia- 'tcr morning laemed black and vanlt-liko. Cloud, of white steam under the vest aieb of the glass roof glowed for a moment in opal tints whero'lhe arc lamps burnt whitoly, and then were lost in the drab-coloured mist abore. People on tbe platforms Becmed ghost-like and shadowy. Tho mufiled figure of a vromau harrying from catringo to carriage filled tbe passengers in the Continental train with dread lest their comfort was ta bu interfered with by the addition of another traveller. Just as I bo train was on tiro point of starting, tho lady iu tbo heavy ruts discovered tbe compartment for wbich alio was seeking — a smoking carriage, with a solitary man in tho fnr corner. The guard shut tho door upon her, tlio engine whistled, aud the boat-cxpresa steamed awey iuto tbo fog and mist bnnging over tbe river. " Edith 1 Why bavo you done this ?" cried tlio man in tho corner, straggling to his feet amid a shower of rugs and magazines. " Because 1 am guing with you. It's no good being angry." And she flung off her fur wraps auil sol llod down by his sido. fbuti, with bright eyes omlgluwiiig colour and a smile of triumph on . her tremulous hps, sbo con tinued quickly: " It is nu good making a fuss ; you have got to taint mn— fur butler, for wureo. 1 linvu written to.Boilinih ; left a letter for my mother, sistrr— overybody I could think of. What's tbo timo ? Gelling on ; for twelve ! Why, my ilisappeaiauce from emsrt society will be in the evening piipers by now. Ouiirgu, soy you are plessid ! Ami toll urn if you icslly niennt lo iucn the cngiue— or forget that the train went into Cannon-street p"—" Thu World." ' , i /.' . ' 