MINING PROSPECTS ; IN RUTHEIIGLEN. 'f A ItKVlVAL I'RUDIOTED., S Hr " OnsERVEii." The retrogression which hss solong ninrlicd tlie cnrcor of our inineB lint- at last turned to progression, awl judg intr bv tho favourable reoorta from all of tho claims a now era of prosperity -will shortly bo opened to tlio district. "Tlio North Prontico, which haB in spired moro faith, perhaps, than any claim on the fiold, tins of lato had n bad time, but now, wo are pleased to say, all difficulties have boon overcome, and the prospects of the mino have an upward tendency. AVork has been resumed on tho- 'wash, and an extra vrowd of mon has boen put on. The mino has quite recovered its lost ground, and the manager looks for ward to a prosperous timo. The Southern No. 1, which some lime ago was somewhere near zero in mining, has suddenly risen, with more than mercurial rapidity, to tlio top placevin the quotations for the mines of Vflib" district. The shares' are on lop now,'n£!!.t,lere '8 every appearance of tbom continuing xb ?ta7 there. Since striking the gold -a fall1 output lias resulted each Week) the total yield being 113 02 from fift fathoms, This thine is being opened up rapidly, nnd its development Up to the presont in 'more than encouraging. The man ager is anxious to p ash the affairs of the mino Ahead, and accordingly has put two fresh crowds on during the week. 'This will make a material difference in next week's yield; but as soon as tlis mino is developed saf- floionlly 0.0 allow tho claim to be worked full-handed) then its true worth will , bo proved. ,AVork: at the Southern and Prentice United is now assuming a moro tan gible form i-han hitherto, and the sharebolders:are "not crushed and dis heartened by voxalijus reverses. The history of . the : past career of this olaim is Well known, and it argues well fo see the company still hopeful and ready' to expend a largo amount of money, iu . developing tho claim. Man thousands of pounds have already been pxponded in machinery, etc., ahd it will require a good deal of ' money yot bofore gold is struck. That they have great confidence in tlio claim the tactics of Ihe company prove beyond doubt, and wo sincerely hope that their meritorious effortB . will be rownrdo'd. In referring to "tho Prentico Free hold, wo can say itisMike the old pro verb, " every dog has'-its day." But it has. been a " good dog," and though ! grndunlly declining, .it\came cloBe to - tho top of the list'of Ngold yields of - tlio colony for - 189(1, as well as. puiling out!, uniform. weekly yields. , of 200 nnd 300 ozs, for several yearB previous to that. By suying that. it iuis had its day, wo do not wish to imply that it is worked out, but- that its prosperity is on the wane. This, of course, is apparent to everyone, although its -tenacity to hang on to life is marvellous. Many pessimists have predicted its death, in fact many liavo gone almost as fnr as to say "bury it," but, nevcrtbeleBB, italways appears with a rosy smile at the end of the woek with its yield of 150 or 200 ozs. This claim has been a good speculation to its numerous share holders, and although tho Bharee are now about zero, the manager is of the opinion that tho life of the mine will extend over a period of 18 months or two years more. The Great Northern Extended Com pany still pusheB its operations, and the' No. 8 shaft is now being worked. Ajthough operations have beon carried on here for some time, the mine should not close its eyes on the light of the world for some yearB to come. The gold yields are good, often fluctuating, but mostly on tbe increase, the aver age yield being something like 150 oz. A large amount of gold has been taken out of this mine, and it was currently rumoured some lime ago that tlio dividends pnid were almost equivalent in value to the prico of the contributing shares. To the authenticity of this .rumour we are unable to vouch," but we' can confi donlly assert that tho shareholders havo no reason to regret their inveBt- mentB-in Extended scrip. A lot of hopeB are cherished in tho Prentice United (Old Hunters) and although the claim, practically speak ing, is but in its infancy, tho share holders hold their Bhares- zealously, And persistently refuse" to port with .them. It seems a strange coincidence that nearly all the claims in the Rutherglen district havo at one time in their careers suffered dire disaster by being greatly retarded by the voltiuk-it of water oncountered in mining operations, and amongst these unfortunates can be numbered the Pretiiice United. When bearing the .qaino. of the Old Hunters tho shaft was lost. ' This had tho effect of put ting tho company into liquidation, but out of its ashes rose a new one. "I.tko a ghost from tlie tomb, Like a child from tho womb, Thuy rose nnd upbuilt it again. And siuco that time the mine has been considered a very promising one. No pnins have boen spared to forward its development. " The nffairs of the mine are entrusted to Mr John M'Kay, a gentleman possessed of varied and liberal experience in min ing in the Ruthergion district, and under his capablo supervision the mine is going ahead well. From .several bores put down good prospeots were obtained, and if this is to be considered a criterion, the company are of the opinion that their ground is as lioh as any in the field. This ground has yet to lie devolopod, and ,it is hoped it will-recoup tbe district for the loss of one, or two mines that are slowly but Hiiroly hurrying on to wards that poriod of outliving their usefulness, As ah eia'fflplff of indomitablo por- soverauco and onor; (h'o directors of the Great Southern CloJtl Mining Company might well be'pointod Out. For over two yesw have they con tended against difficulties almost un precedented in tho history of colonial mining, battling against an over whelming flow of water. In this in stance, as in tnany others, scionco asserted itself and tho ingenuity of man conquered tho forco of nature. The flow of wator, owiug to tlio con tinual uso of poworful pumps haB greatly eased off, and it will not bo long before the water iB completely governed. Of late additional men havo boen engaged, and as soon as tlio wator will allow, others will be put on. Great things areexpoolcd from this claim. So groat is the faith in it that almost a township has Bprung up in its immediato vicinity. Cabs aro now plying backwards and for wards from Ruthorglou to this claim and it iB regardod by all ns the future mainstay of tho town, and indoed muoh depends on its ultimate bucccsb or failure. If, however, mouoy will make it a success, it is a foregone con clusion that it will be a flourishing olaim, for J. A. AVallaco and party are not niggardly in rospeet to thoir money when mining development is lookod for. In cIobo proximity to the Great Southern aro two young mines of jTreat promise, viz., tho Southorn Junotiou pod tho Southern Consols, which should greatly help to build up the district. A mine which has for some tune been watchod with groat Interest by the mining world — tho Northern Ex tended Consols — is just recovering from the catastfopbo of beiug inun dated with water, and nnder tho pilotship of Mr Elloit is now getting along nicely. The AVahgunyali, which has boon struggling awkwardly along for somo time, a sorry ghost of its formor great ness, seems to bo pulling iteoTf to gether, and is now doing alittla bolter than hitherto. It is a well known fact that tho ground is fair, if not good, but uutil lately the mine had a big struggle to pay expensos. When seen on the mattor, previous managers blamed tie directors, and they in thoir turn accused tho mnnagers, until affairs became so mixed that tho pub lic lost all confidence in the mino. A few of the soripholders being of the firm opiniun that the iniuo was good, held on to thoir paper, aud, on Mr. 3harpo assuming control of the mine, their foresight seoined discretion it self, for although the gold yields did not amount to colloesal proportions, the manner in which Mr. Sharpe went to work had the effect of restoring confidence nnd allaying tlio panic. The gold yiolds aro, as a woekly aver age, about -19 oz., with every prospect of increasing. All the underground workings of the mine have boon thorougly repaired and renovatod, and much of the.troublocaU9od by bad air has.- been .overoume. The .foul air. trouble has been the vampire of the mine, and until this is thoroughly overcome operations below ai o likoly to bo interrupted at any moment, nnd more especially bo in wet weather. Since Mr. Sharpe's appointment the boilers have been cleaned and the whole workings of tbe mine thoroughly overhauled. It is now in a condition to be workod without encountering those vexatiouB interruptions so fre quently met with in the history of the mine. Everything now appears on n sound practical basis, and wo do not think we are far wrong in predicting better times Jor this mine. Mines are not like the famous brook of which Longfellow sang. They come and go — mostly the latter as a rulo — but tbey nevor go on for over, and no Bano speculator expects them to. In the Rutherglen field many mines have come, aud it is pleasing to notice that very few of them have gone. What iB the most remarkable feature of all, is that, although the field has been working for many yoars, it is but in itR iufancy and the majority of mines havo yet to be developed. The period, however, is Fast approach ing when this development will tako place, and when this comes to pass Rutherglen will be one of the most ilourieliihg towns in Victoria. The development of the mines means an immense increase of population, tbe production of a large amount of gold and a proportionately large increase in the business of tho town. Tho mining industry is undoubtedly brightening, perhaps not witb great rapidity, but, nevertheless, it is improving, which is conclusively proved by the fact of the improved prosperity of the people of the town. AVe do not wish to excite undue expectations in outsiders, but merely clironiclo the " mend " which is very apparent— both -from the weekly yields of tho different claims, tho mannor in which they are boing forcod into prominence, and by tho fresh faces that we moet with every day in the town and district. It is our firm belief that the yearl897 will bo marked by a great revival in mining, and tho consequent general prosperity of tho oomraunity.- — Rutherglen News. 