GENERAL NEWS. Heavy dustman on Saturday. A lit.ctc ram in some parts ot colony. Stock are dying in thousands around Deniliqnin. There are only 141 persons to the square mile for che whole of Australasia. Mrs Langtry, the well-known actress, has obtained a divorce from her husband. Over £10,000 has been subscribed thus far to the Queen’s Memorial Fever Hospi tal. The oldest man on earth is said to be Iva Kusmin, a native resident of Moscow, Russia. He is reported to have been born in 1757, and for many years was a coachman. His eyesight is good, and he is quite active on foot. He never tasted intoxicants until his 134th year, but during the past five years he has taken a drench of whisky occasionally. There is a probability of an export trade in horses to Japan being originated. The Acting Premier has received information that an offi cer from that country will shortly visit Yic toria for the purpose of purchasing horses. Tuesday, June 22, was, in a special “ Gov ernment Gazette” issued on Friday, pro claimed a national holiday in Xew South Wales,and the military and naval authorities, public bodies, and all classes of Her Majesty's subjects are called upon to fittingly observe the auspicious day by loyal rejoicings. The Commissioner of Railways intimates that he has now arranged that in cases where fodder is consigned from Melbourne direct to stations in the northern districts suffering from want of water a rebate of 20 per cent, will lie allowed on the ordinary rates. In the cycle road race on Saturday, B. M. Sheppard, aged 3(i, was killed by coming into collision with the stone abutments of abridge over file Hororoit creek. T. Crotty, who was riding just behind Sheppard, fell over him and sustained serious injuries. flic Minister of Lands was on Saturday written to by farmers to the west of Echuca asking permission to place a number of bores in the Tcrricks Rocks. These will be heavily charged, and, when a favorable opportunity occurs, they will be exploded, in the hope of bringing rain. The farmers subscribed 5s The Barnawartha Wine-growers Association favor an export bonus of 3d per gallon on wine an * Is per gallon on brandy made from colonial wine. The Government to be asked to grant, same. A movement, is on foot to secure the rever sion r.o the penny posture system so far as letters posted and delivered ill the one dis trict are concerned. It may lie explained that if the 2d system is to remain in opera tion the status dealing with the subject will have to be re-cuacte 1 before the 30th of It is Said tha' tin; Cuban insurgents, not being able co buy the cannon in general use, make them of a tree which has a winding grain, bore them with hot iron, and strengthen them with nan 'ages of ox-hide. Economy is the parent of integrity, of liberty and 'f ease, and the sister of temperance, of cheerfulness and of health. Profuseuess is a cruel and craft.v demon that generally involves her followers in dependence and debt. Dean Hole, in his "Little Tour in America.” gives the following good story, which was picked up at an entertainment given in his honor by the Lotos Club, of Xew York. The quaintest story of the evening w.as told by Dr Greer, of a tedious, monotonous preacher, who had exhausted the patience of his hearers by ail elaborate dissertation on the fourgreatei prophets, and w.icn. to their sad disgust, he passed on to the minor, and asked, “ And now. liiv brethren, where shall we place Hosea ?” a mail rose from the congregation and made answer, 11 You can place him here, sir, I’m off.” A writer in the “Xorth American Review” says " The Republican party looks hope fully forward to 1 the eventual withdrawal of the Enropeat powers from this hemisphere and to the ultimate union of all the English speaking part of the Continent by the free consent of its inhabitants.’” The question of the annexation of Canada to the United Stines is mentioned by the same writer as being a live question in American politics. This sounds "tall” even for the ’Merikan cousin. If ever an Australian edition of “ Smile’s Self Help ” is compiled, and there ought to be one. the portrait of Acting-Premier Isaacs should grace the frontispiece. Did anyone ever read of such a remarkable career. From a subordinate position in the employment of the Government to the leadership of’the state. Verily does the Australian youthful private carry his marshal’s baton in his knapsack if he only has the brains—and doesn't bike too Ladies! don’t all speak at once, but there' is ,i herbalist in Melbourne who has entered upon the business of bust enlarging. He ad vertises that ladies who are not blessed with ttie Venus-like frontal development can have their busts enlarged from four to ten inches by taking his world-famed elixir, that is, pre sumably. if they swallow enough of it. What with the wigmaker. the dentist, the nose pin eher. the complexion builder, the corsetiere, and the bustrnaker the man of the Future in marrying will require a guarantee of stability of workmanship. General complaints are being made bv the fruitgrowers as to the condition in which some of their consignments of apples have been landed in the London market this season (say the '• Argus ”). While some of the mail steamers have delivered the fruit in excellent condition, others have landed part of their cargo in either a “ wet” or “ heated ” state. When butter is landed in a heated condition it is invariably reported by the shipping com panies that, it was received in that state, but the same reason cannot lie given with regard to the fruit shipped from here. The orcliard ist.s allege that during this transit, of the fruit to England the temperature in the cool cham ber is sometimes allowed to become too high, ems.ng the fruit to prematurely ripen and dec iv. On the other h-md. according to our I.oii.Ion correspondent, the shipping compun ies and fruit dealers assert that‘the fault lies W:'b 'lie fruitgrowers themselves, as they do rim pay suffim-nt attenl ion to the packing of the nudes. They cram scraps of paper into ev a v v.ieint spice in the cisc. with the view o' p""voui it.g the fruit movingabout and get- , ting '"■uise.l when t.lm case is being handled. This has flic effect, of excluding the free cir culation of th i Cuol air. and results in heating. To Mrs the exporters roplv that nearly all the fruit -hipped is packed in the same way, and they cannot, therefore, understand how it is that some steamers deliver their cargoes in j good order while others are landed in a very unsatisfactory condition. It has been repeat edly proved that, apples shipped from here can lie delivered in London in excellent order, and where failures occur it is evident there is a fault somewhere, which should be remedied Mr .T. M. Sinclair, the representative in Lon don of t.hc Agricultural department, writing with reference to the consignments of fruit by the R.M.S. China,states that a great many of the tipples had a shrivelled appearance, apparently caused by the temperature having been kept too high in the cool chamber. In his opinion, a temperature of from 45deg. to 50deg. Fahr. was too high, and it ought to be reduced to between 40dcg. and 45deg, which would result in the fruit being carried in better condition. The same remarks applied to pears, the finer varieties of which had a tendency to ripen and decay if carried at a temperature of 50deg. Pears, he says, should never be stowed in the midst of .a" cargo of apples, but on top of them, and in the vicinity of the air shoots, but sufficiently clear of them to prevent the fruit being frozen. When the butter exporters a few years ago complained of the temperature of 'the coal chambers oE the. mail steamers, it was suggested that self registering thermometers should be knot, in the chambers, so that on the arrival of a vessel it ■•■"dd b" s —u wha'i fli’> '■"■ghost ternn»nti5ro lui 1 been during the tup, «.ut the shipping companies opposed the proposal. Help Over.—Onrrespnn len -e and other interesting uianor. Rodney Shire Council meet at Tatura last Monday in the month. Kyabram Mechanics’ Institute Committee meet in the Mechanics’ Hall on first Monday iii'the.'inouth, at 7.30 p.tn.' J 