BBTIMAB1VED, 'Yes, but not the usual resort of the rank And file.' ????-?'. - ' You don't believe me ?.' 'No ; but to return to your sailoring. How many, aliases did you assume P' ' 'I couldn't Temember. I had a name for every Bhip I sailed on.' 'Why?' ' It is a common custom for sailors to change their names going- from port to port, for it relieves them of the long service on ship. I was an apprentice when I was a boy,. I only went as a sailor latterly to get from one place to another.' ^ ' What about your experience on the Olivebank P' ' When I shipped from Bio in the Olivebank I understood that if I conid get a man to take my place, Captain Petrie wonld pay me off at Newcastle. There were plenty of men there topntin my place, bnt Captain Petrie objected to grant* ing my discharge. When iie objected I threatened - to throw him overboard or issued a warrant for my arrest. I wag bound over to keep the peace, but being nnable to find the surety I went to gaol in Maitl'and. While there the Olivebank sailed and I was left bsbind^ ' When I got my discharge, from the Olivebank it was marked with a bij D, which meant, I suppose, ' disgrace,' or * disorderly.' Anyway, it was no' use. Having been released from gaol in Maitland, I went back to the gold fields. There I had a number of adventures, during which I ehot many blacks. ? One of our men, Frank Searl, was speared by the blacks, and. badly wounded. The miners wanted revenge. There were a lot of gnus going at the time. I don't know how many we shot. Tiie catewas reported to the police, and the tribe ontlawed. ' I was in West Australia for three years under the name of Hichard Ashe. For about one year I wae known as Harwood. I will not tell how I came in possession of the certificate bearing hia name. I hold a miner's certificate, aad I am a miner of ex perience.' ' How could a miner of your experience expect to find groid ia Gienbrook i' 'There should ba gold at Gienbrook. There is pold at Litbgow.' Then he went oil at another tangent; ' '* I will tell jou 5icw the gold escort was stuck np. No, I will not. It might implicate the police.' Then turnias to Dttsciive M'Hattie he faid, '.M'Hattie, you remember how the Perth , police were stuck up, and tha safe taken out of the court; house and roubed of ^£^00. M'Hattie, you know about that,' and Butler winked. ' Wtat about your connection with Mr. Yates?' 'Yetes was fee man I met at Gillham'a in answer- to one of Lis advertisements. He said he isras t'oin£ to -mine at Eugilbab, and I agreed to go with him. We lr:ft Sydney by a steamer, and after arriving at ti ration started for the mines an horce=. 'i'hi-ee or tonr ethers joined eur party on the wa.. . We arrived at £ugilbaH on a Sunday. In the afternoon I looked around the field - we were to prospect * in. I saw afc a glacce there was no gold in it, ana that it wa-j only a hoax, so I went back to Sydney. That was the last I ua,w of Yates.. Hew a good fellow, but no miner. '? When I got back to Sydney I started advertising for mates en my own book. I w^a not exactly a etrantieria Sydney, out I wanted men to go with nie who were miners.' Then he told of his experiences in many parts of the ' world, wandering from country to country, relating yarns that may or may not ue ' ghost storiea,' as ha calls them, li they are tine, then -iSutier has seen more of life than mast men. 