Petersburg Railway Picnic. AN ENJOYABLE OUTING. This annual gathering may now be said to be one of the most popular local fixtures of the year, and Wednesday last had been looked forward to with anticipation for weeks past. Although rain—which is so badly required—threatened for some days previously, Wednesday morning opened beautifully fine, and throughout the day the weather remained highly favorable for holiday purposes. The attendance, too, was all that could be desired, considerably over 1,000 persons being present at the sports. At Petersburg most of the business places were closed all day, and special trains conveyed the townspeople to the picnic grounds at 9.30 and 11 o'clock — a large number also travelled per trap and cycle—the locality being the same as last year, Mr P. Dollard's holding near Ucolta, kindly placed at the disposal of the committee. A better site it would have been impossible to select, as whilst a good ground for the sports was available, the delightful scrub and fine shady trees in the vicinity made it an admirable spot for a picnic. Prior to starting from the town several selections were played by the Petersburg Brass Band and during the day the band contributed popular airs at frequent intervals, the efforts of the musicians being highly appreciated, and compliments were freely bestowed on them for the com- mendable playing. Everything possible to conduce to the comfort of those present had been arranged by the members of the committee, whose attention even to the smallest detail—and after all, it is the small things that make or mar a day's pleasure—cannot be too highly commended. Mr Geo. Prime, the energetic secretary, in addition to his talent for organisation, himself possesses an almost unlimited capacity for work, and what he takes in hand believes in doing thoroughly. Mr A. Jamieson presided over the refreshment booth, and as he secured the same at a nominal figure and appeared to be well patronised, should not have lost anything over the venture. A capital sports programme —the only improvement on which, perhaps, would have been to have included another bicycle race or two—was provided, special interest centering in the eight-mile road race for the members of the N.A.C.C. For this event sixteen nominated, and the fact that all accepted says much for the judgment of the handicappers. The boys' sheffields, as usual, proved popular items, the parents not unnaturally taking the keenest interest in " our boy's " performances. The greatest interest was also taken in the other events all of which were well contested. Messrs J. McGuire, B. F. Rushton and J. Edmonds acted as judges for all the events, excepting the quoit match, which was judged by Messrs G. Randle and D. Brenan. Messrs D. Roberts, T. Wallace and P. Callary were the handicappers for the boys' sheffields and All-comers' Handicap, and are deserving of an encouraging word for the way in which they did their work, the close finishes in nearly every case, including two dead heats, showing that they had thoroughly understood the task. The handicapping for the road race was done by the N.A.C.C. handi- cappers (Messrs Morphett, Sharpe and Bennett), whilst Mr L. Harrison alloted the starts for the quoit match, and Messrs Earle and Bennett those for the post-entry events. A better starter could not be found than Mr D. Roberts and his performance with the gun on Wednesday was A1. The other officers of the day, all of whom carried out their duties satisfactorily, were—Master of Track, Mr P. Callary ; Color Steward, Mr S. D. Jones ; Timekeeper, Mr J. J. Bennett. Able assistance was also rendered on the sports ground by Messrs Davey, Heard, Symons, Rees, Rhodes, Staer, Denham, Crowley, Goudie, Edmonds and others. The following are the results of the various events :— Boys' Sheffield, under 12 years—First Round : First heat—H. Lucas 4 yds., L. Gleeson 4 yds ; second heat—P. Skehan 10 yds, Harrold Flannigan 11 yds ; third heat— O. A. Blomquist 4 yds, L. Crowley 8 yds ; fourth heat—I. Callary 2 yds, W. Clarke 13 yds; fifth heat—G. A. Prime 10 yds, A. McGuire 6 yds; sixth heat—Alex. Conlon 2 yds, T. B. Shiels 4 yds. Second Round : First heat—L. Crowley, G. A. Prime ; second heat—I. Callary, L. Gleeson ; third heat— A. Conlon, B. Shiels. Third Round : First heat—A. Conlon, L. Crowley ; second heat G. A. Prime, I. Callary. Final—1st, Alex. Conlin, 2 yds, (12s) ; 2nd, Leo Crowley, S yds, (5s) ; 3rd, G. A. Prime, 10 yds (8s) ; 4th, I Callary, 2 yds (1s 6d). Leo Crowley and G. A. Prime ran a dead heat for second place but in the run-off the former won. Boys' Sheffield, under 16 years.—First Round : First heat—W. Thompson 5 yds, H. Flannigan 10 yds ; second heat—H. Alford 5 yds, J. Critchley 14 yds ; third heat—G. Johnson 14 yds, E. Templer 12 yds ; fourth heat—M. O'Loughlin 4 yds, Jas. Johnson 9 yds ; fifth heat—H. L. James 14 yds, A. Conlon 11 yds ; sixth heat —A. Cornwell, 14 yds, ran a bye ; fifth heat —J. McGuire 7 yds, W. Templer, 8 yds. Second Round ; first heat—H. L. James, J. McGuire; second heat—W. Thompson, A. Cornwell ; third heat — H. Alford, J. Critchley ; fourth heat—G. Johnson, H. Flannigan. Third Round : First heat—W. Thompson, A. Cornwell ; second heat—H. Alford, H. L. James. Final—1st, H. L. James, 14 yds (20s) ; 2nd, H. Alford, 5 yds (10s) ; 3rd, W. Thompson, 5 yds (5s) ; 4th, A. Cornwell, 14 yds (2s 6d). H. L. James and H. Alford tied for first place ; in the second try James won. Railway Handicap, 135 yards,—1st, T. Mortimer, 10 yds (30s) ; 2nd, T. C. James, 9 yds. (10s) ; 3rd W. Fricker, 2 yds (5s). Boys' Hoop Race—1st, S. Clarke, 5s ; 2nd, G. Johnson, 2s 6d ; 3rd, W. Meadows, 1s. Human Wheelbarrow Race.—1st, Nicholls Bros., 10s ; 2nd, James and Keane, 5s. Running High Jump—1st, W. Nicholls, scr., 10s (5ft 4½in.), 2nd, T. Mortimer, 2 inches, 5s. N.A.C.C. Road Race, about 8 miles—1st, F. H. Edmonds, 1¼ mins., £3 10s ; 2nd, F. Horner, 2 mins., Trophy (presented by Mr Morphett) ; 3rd, A. E. Brady, 3¼ mins, Trophy (presented by Mr R. Grosch). A trophy (presented by Mr R. W. Goudie) was offered for fastest time made and was also won by F. H. Edmonds who did the distance in 24 mins. 47 secs. Thirteen started, the other riders finishing in the following order —F. Edwards, L. Morgan, P. Staer, J. Fay, S. J. O'Grady, W. Frisby and J. Schinkel, W. Gage, J. Duckford, and T. Litster did got complete the distance but returned fully satisfied that they had had enough. The times taken by the placed men were— Edmonds, 24mins. 47 secs ; Horner, 25 min. 38 secs; Brady, 27 min 13 secs. All-comers' Handicap, 135 yards.—1st, M. J. Harris, 6 yards, £2 ; 2nd, W. Fricker, 2 yards, £1 ; 3rd, R. J. Shearer, 4 yards, 10s. Time—14 3-5 seconds. Married Men's Race, 135 yards—1st, M. J. Harris, Pair of Trousers (presented by the Bradford Tailoring Depot) ; 2nd, W. P. Shannon, Box of Tea (presented by Mr T. Edwards.) Sack Race—1st, J. Keane, 10s ; 2nd, Geo. Conlin, 5s. Three-legged Race—1st, Harris and Earle, 10s ; 2nd, Fricker and Hunter, 5s. Quoit Match—1st, £1, 2nd 10s. P. Crafter and J. Ridge divided first and second prizes. Boys' Race, under 14 years—1st, A. B. Conlin, Cricket Set (presented by Mr C. Betteridge). Married Ladies' Cotton Winding Contest —1st, Mrs Chadwick, Lady's Dress (pre- sented by Mr T. H. Chinner) ; 2nd, Mrs W. J. Edmonds, Lady's Umbrella (presented by Mr W. A. L. Casely). All-comers' Flutter, 135 yards—1st, W. Nicholls, 15s ; 2nd, T. C. James, 5s. IN THE EVENING an entertainment was given in the Town Hall by the Petersburg Minstrel Troupe, assisted by lady and gentlemen amateurs. The hall was well filled, about £11 being taken at the door. The first part of the programme was taken by the Minstrels. Messrs W. Hilditch and W. L. Roberts as bones and tambo, respectively, were fairly good. Mr G. W. Halcombe acted as inter- locutor. An overture by Miss Wallace (piano) and Mr C. Betteridge (violin) open- ed the proceedings after which the follow- ing items were rendered—Chorus, " Sailing" Company ; song, " Old Fashioned Photo- graphy," Mr J. Deakin ; song, " Under the willow she's sleeping, Mr J. C. Brimage ; song, " Dem Golden Slippers," Mr W. Hilditch ; song, " 'Tis but a Little Faded Flower," Mr T. Chester ; song, " Roses underneath the Snow," Mr D. Johnson ; song, " Long Tail Blue," Mr W. Roberts ; song, " Mother's appeal to her Boy," Mr G. Denham ; song, " Call him back again," Mr T. Jenkins ; song, " De ole folks at home," Mr G. W. Halcombe. The first part concluded with the finale (by request). Between the songs several good jokes, conundrums, &c.;, were introduced. The prizes won at sports were distributed by Mr G. W. Halcombe during the interval. The second part of the programme opened with an overture by Miss Wallace and Mr C. Betteridge, after which Mr E. Rudland gave one of his amusing ventriloquial acts and caused no end of amusement. The next, a song, " Daddy," by Miss Dawson, was un- doubtedly the most successful item on the programme and was well worthy the encore received. Mr G. W. Halcombe sang with good effect " Safe in my Father's Home," and was followed by a well rendered violin duet by Miss Shiels and Mr S. J. O'Grady. Miss Matthews succeeded them in the song " The Picture turned towards the wall," after which Mr A. Stead- man gave a remarkably clever exhibition of axe swinging for which he was loudly applauded. Mr G. Denham scored success in his song and dance (in character) and had to respond to an encore, the programme concluding with the laughable nigger sketch, " Sambo and the Ghost," by Messrs R. Richmond and W. L. Roberts, which sent the audience home in good humor. The accompaniments during the evening were played by Misses Shiels and Wallace and Messrs Betteridge, Jenkins and Osborne. After the entertainment a dance was held at which a fair number of ladies and gentle- men attended. The music for the dancing was supplied by Miss Wallace and Mr Betteridge. 