TIMELY TALK. IBy Miss D. A. CABOT in Canterbury Times.} Anglo-Indian ladies have at length found courage to rebel a?ain:;t the social bondage involved in the - duty" call. The idea started at bimla with the formation of a Societv which now includes several hundred names! It has been in existence sincj the beginning of April, and is said to find great favour. The rules are very simple, the chief one hoithat, instead of calling in person, cards are to be sent and calls returned by post. When & special compliment is intended a personal call is allowable, but not otherwise. "At home" davs are to be held when convenient, the noticcs being given in the local papers. It is a pity that some such scheme is not devised in other communities for the relief of the busy woman who cau ill spare leisure for a cail which is a mere civility, paid very often at the cost of much inconvenience to herself. As for professional women, they should bs exempted from the necessity of returning duty calls,"and a card sent through the medium of the post should be all that society should exact from There is something very wrong when old age becomes unlovely, as it always does when slovenly habits of person and attire acoompany it. Many a man who in youth and middle age would rather have died than miss his daily bath and shave is content to become unkempt, even dirty, when advancing years lay hold of him. Doubtless it takes some trouble to keep cleanly, but self-respect demands that the trouble be taken so that the affection of others be retained. We all love a sweet and wholesome baby, but not the most devoted baby-worshipoer would find attractiveness in a neglected child. Few elderly women are entirely careless as to their personal appearance; coquetry is innate in them, but with the elderly man it is too often far different. There is a loveliness in an aged face that can never be found in that of the young—the silver hair framing the sweetlined face has a wonderful beauty of its own, but' cleanliness must be ever present if tbe beauty is not to be turned into repellant ugliness. And speaking of beautiful old people calls up a picture of a lady who, though fallen on evil days and very aged, was so exquisitely dainty in herself and in her quaint but poor home, that her very memory exhales sweetness. She was like a piece of exquisitely delicate china, with her satiny skin, her hair white as driven snow, . and her eyes of the clearest blue. IJer income was so small that many women would have starved on it, but her clothes were always spotless and whole, while Bhe herself was the most lovable of women. Babies need exercise. So say the doctors, and they have begun to advocate what is neither more nor less than a system of infantile athletics. The old system of rolling up the baby into a bundle, and expecting it to lie still for the first six months, at least, of its existence, is condemned for what appears to be a very good reason. We have found out the physiological importance of muscular activity _ in tbe adult; if we wish to have strong limbs and a clear and well- developed brain we do not shut ourselves up in a hothouse; we exercise ourselves much and frequently in the open air. Curiously enough, we usually prevent our infants from getting any exercise; we allow them very little fresh air, and yet wonder why they develop so slowly. To begin with, says an "authority on the subject, the baby should be kept warm, but itslimbsshould not be impeded by drapery. Short skirts should be put on as soon as possible, and tbe child allowed to kick quite freely. Then, in order to make the child vigorous, a certain amount of exposure to the open air is necessary. To obtain this tbe infant should spend as many hours as possible in the open air when the weather is favourable. Infaot, it should be trained to sleep in its carriage in the open air in the daytime. This should be supplemented by an air bath following upon the morning and evening tubbing, when the little one should not be hastily covered up, but should lie tor some time on a warm blanket, the nurse meanwhile gently rubbing the email limbs in a upward direction. The rubbing and the air baths constitute a natural skin tonic, and the infant comes to enjoy these gymnastics greatly. To repress the movements of babies is to hinder their mental as well as their physical development—a fact that the Indian mother thoroughly understands when she places her baby on a blanket or skin every day to kick and crow to his heart's content.. It is only when the mother's dutiescall her away that she puts her infant into his portable cradle and leaves him to play with the bright beads hung just above his head. If we could only get rid of the notion that our acquaintances care one iota to know whit we were, or how we lived and thought and acted in those long passed away days, we should lead more useful lives. Tbe present it is that matters to us. If we can only get a grip of that we may let the past go—not its memories or its lessons, they are precious, we cannot do without them. .But we must give up projecting our thoughts upon our past. It is that which makes living an anachronism of so many of us; our bodies are alive to- day, nd our minds are centred on that dead past. It is like dragging our ghosts with us. Let n9 lay them peacefully, calmly, reverently in the consecrated ground of the Yesterdays, and earn to look To-day boldly,' fearlessly in thfe ace. It may not seem easy to do this, for the abit must be formed, and habits are of slow rowth. Onlv a determination to enter into the life going on around hercan wean a woman from harking back to the past. There is lways plenty to do, plenty of sympathy eeded, and she who has learned how to SDeak he right word, to give help when it is most eeded, will find that the present is teeming with possibilities infinitely more vast than any she hasever before dreamed of. That there is great scope for the insight and talent of a woman lawyer among the members of her own sex is evidently realised by Miss Ethel Benjamin," New Zealand's first lady lawyer. In the course of an interview with a contributor to the White JSibbon in her Dunedin Office recently, Miss Benjamin howed herself to be quite alive to the needs l her sexij and to te determined to dob'er hare in assisting it. Miss Benjamin is described as being slight and girlish-looking, with an oval face, broad forehead and dark, peaking eyes—a,. pleasing portrait, as - all must readily confess. That her law course was passed with credit ia plain from tbe fact hat she completed it in the minimum time— namely, four years—taking High places in the examination list for each year. Thus, at the end of her first year in/the School of Law (Otago University), Miss Benjamin took first lace in Jurisprudence, in Constitutional History, and Law. In tbe second section she came out first in the colony in Uoman Law; and this ear, in her final examination, she was first New Zealand in "Equity and Evidence," racketed first in Criminal Law, and bracketed first in " {teal and Personal Property." This s an exceedingly good record for our first lady awyer, and one of which every woman in the olony must feel sroud. In reply bo a quesion about her health during her student days, iss Benjamin replied that she had given her- self a uniform allowance of nine or ten hours' rest nightly, retiring regularly at 11 p.m., and thatshe had found this plan answeradmirably. It is pleasant to learn that Miss Benjamin does not intend to rest satisfied on her laurels, but aspires to practise as a barrister, and confidently trusts to make her mark some day at the Bar. That such an earnest and practical woman will eventually attain to this distinguished position is by no means improbable, and Miss Benjamin may rest assured that she has the best wishes of all progressive men and women for success in the arduous career she has chosen. 