Notes and Comments. hilo unassumption and modesty seems to bo the loading characteristic of \5ho mem bers of the Echuca Rifle Club ib is generally conceded that they are always prepared to embrace the opportunity to distinguish them selves. However, nothing has been heard of the intention of Messrs Boyd, Sabeston and Co. bo compete in the preliminary practices at Williamstown with the object of showing that shouting efficiency which would result in their being among the chosen who will bo treated to a trip to England. Captain Wilson is informed that those desirious of competing fotf places must send their names in to- morrow ab latest. Ib is understood that Mister Boyd is anxious enough to represent Echuc* bub he doesn't like the idea of going to Bisley. If ib were but Lanarkshire t He would bo so much more at home there. If Echuca East is famed for one thing more tlvm another it is the snake- killing pro pensities of some of its residents. A. party of East Echucans were oub along bhe Murray the other day, the primary intention being to shoot ducks. Although the whisky was good-Dickson and Kerr have a special brand for shooting expeditions - the party began to see snakes very rapidly and soon a fusilade of duck shot was whistling over the bosom of the Murray. Snake after snake was killed, as ib appeared, and one heroic personage who, oiyingto hie naturally retiring disposi tion, does not want his name mentioned) made a most gallant charge ab a aix-foot snake on the bank, and, missing, his aim, landed in the mud of the mellifluous, majestic Murray. The act was a bravo one-but people must laugh Bometimes. When the story wah told of the battle of the snakes after, Dicky Jackson, the hero of the day, aworo they killed forty.aix snakes and allowed BIX to escape. Of course it doesn't matter very much-but ib was "the other way up." It is rather unfortunate for the cause of Federation that the racing committee of the League of Victorian Wheelmen should, ab this particular juncture, have disqualified cyclist Martin for a period of two years and suspended cyclist Ken Lewis, with the view cf ''dealing'* with him. People were jusb beginning to rouse themselves up over the Victorian nominations for the Federal Con vention, and already signs of excitement were appearing on the horizon. But Federa tion has been suddenly submerged by a gteator quesli^r^ " Plugger Bill" has beon disqualified for two yours ! Premier Turner certainly did entertain setious thoughts of going home to assist in celebrating the Queen's long reign, but ho has decided, we are officially informed, to remain in Mel bourne and see Bill through. The Indian Famine Fund has reached a substantial sum in the capital, but owis<g to tho unexpected crinis in tho affairs of cyclist Martin, it is proposed that bhe sum s collected should be devoted to him as a bihn to his wounded pride. It is ncarcely necessary to state, how over, that Martin's aforesaid pride is so great that he will refuse to accept a gift which will only go towuvdo aiding a few paltry millions of starving peoplo. As for the llacing Board of the L.V.NV., it is not known what action will be taken with regard to it, but tho re assembling of Parliament is suggested to pass a special act to wipe it off the faco of this mundane sphere. Meanwhile u Plugger Bill" is being sus tained by public sympathy and is progros- 1 sing as favorably as can bo expected. The other evening resident was taking a stroll on tho outskirts of the town. The mantlo of darkness had come upon the scone, though the daylight had not quite given up the ghost. Tho resident was meditating softly, when suddenly a fair cycliato, u scorching11 around tha cornor of a foot path, ran into him and knocked him into tho very gutter which the residents of High street are beseeching tho Council to have cleaned out, .Naturally, the cycl'ste was wrath. Hor pleasure had b.^on interrupted. Sho darte:l fiery glances of haughty indigna tion ab tho prostrate form, but the resident, seeing his duty clearly boforo him, novor wtvtred. He arose, found his hat, and placing it on his head in order to respectfully doff it, humbly apologised for any incon venience h« might have caused tho fair whoelor. Ho really did nut mean to bo in tho way, ho said, and for tho future ho I would certainly bo more careful. Ho could only trust that tho machine had not wuffered any damage. The fair cycli3te murmured Hom^thing to tho effect that tho law really should provide some sort of punishment for curtain people. However, providing tho resident was careful not to impede tho pro gress ot obher oyclistes, she would overlook his clumsiness on this occasion. Such is tho gracefully forgiving spirit of tho softer sex, and such is tho culpably blundering stupidity of people who don't cycle. People-porhaps Eohuoa people-who have received letters from Homo since Satur day will bo in a position to indulge in the uuplraBunb reflection that tliby may huve come by tho Nineveh, the mails of the boat having got away without being disinfected. It will not, therefore, bo surprising if sundry personalis are suddeuly Boized with tho impression that they have got f ho small«pox, or, at least, tlmt they are possessed of some fint', healthy gorms eneconced botwoon the leaves of a lotter from a dear relative or a distant friond, It has boor, suggested that the fumigating process should bo applied to rill country post-oilices during the next few days ; and it might also bo borne in mind t hat the poBto-office oflicnln and the letter carriors could with facility bo subjected to the same ordeal. If this district experi oncei the bad luck to have a visitatipu of the disease those of our borough councillors who neglected some time ngo-to meet the Echuca Shiro Council in selecting a si'e for a quaran tine station will have a lot to answer for. The possibility of half the population of Echuca being Bontoncod to coinpulpoi^y re tirement at, say, a remote part of Boilo'iu or Wharp-irilla is sufficient to make on« reflect. It would be worwe than Bending them to the quarantine station at the back bcach. The latter would moan a delightful Summer soasido holiday. SPIUNQ SOWING.-The time luis arrived for rowing all kinds of melons, cucumbers, mar rows, pumpkins, &o; alao lucerne,' couoh, philter's fiiend aud other millets. The most reliable firm lor all kindu of needs for station, firm, or garden is P.L.C. Sin riiKKD and SON, ^itt-etrcot, Sydnoy 