The Gospel of Christ and the Gospel of Rome. . T! Br Cantab.: '' ; LRTTER VIII- I In my Inst letter I snid wo would compare tile gospel of tlio Now Testii-, mont with tho gospel of. Romo to sec. if thero bo nny difference between thomV On reflection I think you will flndtjint tho Christian faith is bnilt up on two tiiHiii |irinwi|nu>i n nu Yiiiiuuo luiiiur ' laws and precopta. Tho two principles, are, 1st, God, and 2nd, Chiiist. Tlio first, is by far the more important of tho two, as tho second is only a soqnenco of, or built upon, tho first. For instance, tho Mnhomotnns nccopt tho God of the Hebrews, and say Mahomet was tho prophet ; whilo Christians tiro snpposod to have ac cepted tlio God of tlio Ilobrews, bat mnko Christ his roprcsontntiyo nnd prophot. Thoy both nccopt tho first principlo but branch off at tlio second. Tho prenohing of Christ was ontirely to lend men to — his God, tho God of tho Hobrows, and the faith taught by Christ was founded on the Old Scrip- tWT?..<lLil»«>„S.ebFSSr«i-.j;,JL bc!i?ior can ye behove in me." Tho Christian religion would not hare lasted n cen tury if it bad not boon for the old Hobrow prophecies supporting it, moro ospocially those reforring to Jornsnlom and tho Jews, which Intter romain, as I havo said, a living testimony among all nation! to their trath. Christ Himself whon He was askod which was the first and great commandment-, or principlo of faith, qnoted a passage from the book of Douleronomy, attri buted to Moses, nnd said, " Hear, O Israel, tho Lord thy Hod is one Lord." (Dout. VI 4.) Lot us seo what elso tho Old Testament says on this subject. " I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, . . This is my nnmo/or ever, unto all generations." (Exod. Ill B 15). "Tho Lord Ho is God awl : there is none else beside him," (Dout. IV. Sfi.J "Tho Lord himself did lead illiom, there teas no strange God with Him.", "I, ovon I, am he, and there isjno 'God with me." " I kill and I malco alive." Dent. 32 09). . ; : Beforo mo there was no - God.'foi'mcd, neither shall there be after me (Tani. 43 io).. , ; 1 am tho hrst and I am tho Inst, and beside me there is no God (Isai. 44 6.8). -,1 will not give ray glory to another, I am tho first, I also am the' last (Isai. 48 11.) _ I am the Lord, and thero ib none elso, there is no God beside me (Isai, 45 5). There is no God else beside the, a just God nnd a Saviour, there is none beside me (Isai. 45 21.) Rcmomber tho former things ol old, for I am God and there is none else ; I am God and there is none like me (Isa. 46 0). . .Tho God of tho Hebrewn.was sop-, posod to bo the samo analtored God, yesterday, to-day, nnd for over. " Fear not me, sattli the Lord of Hosts. I am the Lord, I change not (Malachi III 6.) Theso passages aro very plain nnd admit of no equivocation, but did tlio Apostles ol Christ inako alteration in tho first prioeiplo of the Ilobrow fnith, which upheld iho unity or oneness of their God ? — By no means. Christ said ho did not come to altor tho Law, but to fulfill it, and his Apostles tanght men that thero was none other God but one. " To ns thero is but one God, the FATHER, of whom are all things " (1 Corin. IV 6). Thoro is one body nnd one spirit, . . . ono Lord (Jesus Christ), one faith, ono baptism, on .God and Father of nil, who is above all, and through all, aud in yon all (Epbcs. .1 Y 4 0). For thoro is one God and one Mediator between (that) God and men, —the man Christ Jesus (1 Tim. 11.6- 1.17). Now a irradiator is not a me- diator of one (but of two or moro), but God is one (Gal. Ill 20). Wo know -that tho Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding that we may know Him that is true, and we are in Ilim that is trtio, evon in llis Son, Jesus Christ. This (the Father) is the True G od, and eternal life (1 John V 20). Christ, the Son, himself snvs,. 'f This Ib etornnl lilo that thoy might know thee (the Father) the only True God" (Jhn. XVII 2.) Now. let us turn to tho gospol of Romo and seo if that differs in its first great principlo from tho gospel of .Christ. We find tho first great com mandment is, "Iloar, O Israel, tho Lord thy God is a tiiiune duitv !" This is certainly not whnt tho Apostles preached. Spacious arguments aro used to try and deceive inon into tho belief that they aro worshipping only ono God, hot the Law is distinctly luid down in tho Articles of Faith, or, creods. " Thero is one parson of tlio, Fathor, ar.othor of the Son, and an other of the Holy Ghost. .And tho Fathor is God, tho Sou God, and tlio. Holy Ghost is God." . (Athnnnsian croiui.) .... This is the Trinity. ..Trinity. of what? Trinity or plurality of Clods, condemned by all tho prophets of the God of tho HolirowB, and also, by the Apostles of onr Lord Jesus Christ, (To be Continued .) Records of the milk yields of the Minister Dairy School nt Cork, slura the average yield ol the oows' for 13 months tn ho 6G4 gallons each. Lord- Rothschild's records show a yield from 28 Jersey cows of over 026 gallons ner cow per milium ; and from 37 red. polled emvs of 670 nations oacli. ' The Duke of Westminster's crossbred short - horn hord of 48 oows on his Grnngi firm averaged 060 gnllonB each last year. In 1804 ten gavo over 10,0011 gallons, and last year four passed tin- 1,000 gallon mark, one yielding 1,183 g.i lnns, or over 4 gallons per day lilt every day in tlio year. Most of tit. high yielding cows worn from II to I) peat's old, " ; ' " . 