® m fault. THE GUARDIAN'S MYSTERY; Ob, REJECTED FOR CONSCIENCE'S SAKE. By the Author of " Carroll O'Donoghue." CHAPTER YI.—(Continued.) Mrs. Denner was right about the effect of the letter which was not Miss Hammond's. One hasty perusal of it caused Mr. Mallaby to let it drop from his tremulous hand, and to sit staring straight before him with a very helpless and bewildered look, after which Lis lips compressed so tight in the effort to stifle some mental agony that a blue line formed about his mouth. For the space of an hour he retained that position, looking straight before him, and with the letter lying open at liis feet. Then Mrs. Denner, her anxiety aroused ('he had not responded to the dinner bell), knocked at the door, saying very loudly at the same time : ''Mr. Mallaby, aren't you coming down, or would you like a bit sent up to you ?" Mr. Mallaby started, picked up the letter, and hastily thrusting it into a drawer, which he locked, answered : "Yes, yes, Mrs. Denner, I'm coming down as soon as I read Miss Hammond's letter." " As soon as he reads Miss Hammond's letter," Mrs. Denner soliloquised. That statement, simply and unsuspicously made, was proof that the letter had its usual effect, for instead of reading the dear child's letter he had taken the other one up and had brooded over it ever since, and the good woman felt almost as if she would be willing to give her right hand to know the contents of these mysterious letters, not through curiosity, she assured herself, but just for the sake of "that blessed man." While she was descending, Mr. Mallaby perused Miss Hammond's very •warm note of invitation. It was so different from her wonted brief, cool manner of writing to him, that before lie finished he looked at the signature to be sure it was written in her name ; and then he read it again, and smiled a little, as if somewhat incredulous still, after which he put it away, not, however, in the drawer with the other. Despite its warm tone, he was a little doubtful about accepting the invitation. When, however, he had his dinner, and in response to Mrs. Denner's inquiry for the dear child, Miss Agnes, lie had acquainted her with the object of the note, Mrs. Denner so strongly pressed him to accept the invitation that his doubt was quite shaken, and when she added that it was his duty to accept it in order to see for himself something of the family with whom the dear child was staying, his doubt entirely disappeared; and before he went forth on the business of the afternoon he despatched in his stiff, oldfashioned hand, a characteristic reply to his ward, in which he named the next evening but one as the date on which Jie would give 'himself the extremely felicitious pleasure, etc., etc. Florence Wilbur fairly screamed when Agnes,- after a hasty and indifferent perusal of the note of acceptance, handed It to her to read. It was so precise, and contained so many dictionary words, as Florence called every word of more than three syllables, and it was so accurately dotted' as to> i's, crossed t's, and immense punctuation marks, that it was enough, as th merry girl said, to make a stoic laugh. " And' r^titM ^reeseaithing^it is, Agnes," she continued, " that you are not sensitive about him—else, where would my fun be ? I say my, because all of his oddities do not seem to raise the ghost of a smile in you." " Oh! I am used to him," replied Agnes. "All of his letters ,are like this one, models of composition'-and punctuation—and why should I be sensitive," opening her big eyes a,little wider, and placing them very earnestly on her friend, "when he is not my flesh and blood." But Florence was in such haste to show the note to her uncle, and to get him to plan some way of having Miss Liscome present on the evening named by Mr. Mallaby, that she did not wait to reply to Agnes' last remark. Sydney Wilbur seemed to enjoy the little epistle as much as his niece had done, for the smile with which he began its perusal broke into a hearty laugh when he ended it. " He is a character," he said, when having folded the note, he handed it back to Florence. " And what about Miss Liscome, Syd ?" On occasions, when she was mirthful and very eager, Florence dropped the term with which she usually prefaced Mr. Wilbur's Christian name. " You know," she continued, vivaciously, "that if I so much as hinted to Aunt Deb a wish for Miss Liscome's company on a particular evening, she would immediately contrive that that maiden lady should not stir one inch from her own domicile for twelve whole hours." " And you expect me, I suppose, to .-coax, bully, force, hoodwink, or palaver my respected sister into inviting her dear friend here to-morrow evening." " Of course I do; just exert one iota of that awful will^-XQurs, and your respected sister^^bs|to<^y^mimieing his tone, " jf^se's respected sisters jv-ill ylejdafcyjp&e.;" In pretended anger fe-h of foolscap at and was out of mefjstud^efoi well settled on njeTjipor: Aunt Deb was •ui ^bbe dtal sharply berating Anh^f^jsom/trifling neglect in the appointrihSsf jo^th^Kible. She had to berate some (Hm&era.; sort of vent to the worry, indignation, and alarm caused by her guests. Anybody could see, as she had averred to her friend, Prudence, that horrid, dollfaced creature, Miss Hammond, was doing everything in her power to win Sydney Wilbur, and her own niece, Florence, she verily believed, was not a whit behind in the matter of helping foer. The only hopeful thing about it was that Florence was going to London in a couple of months, to stay •there, and Miss Hammond, should she Lave the assurance to prolong her stay until then, would be obliged to depart also; but then what mischief might not be worked in those couple of months ! her heart sank to think of it, and only for the fortunate terms of a certain will which must keep Sydney from marrying Miss Hammond, she declared slie would die. Miss Liscome had spent days, and even a portion of some nights, wondering what could be the mysterious terms of that oft-mentioned will; but even so much as a hint at gratifying her curiosity was never vouchsafed; for, singularly enough, with all her intimacy, and confidence upon every otiher matter, Miss Wilbur studiously refrained from imparting any information upon this one. That, thus far, she had treated her guests witfh even ordinary politeness : was due to the strong will of he brother, and to her own care not to come into more frequent contact with them than was possible. Of course, ishe had to meet thein at table, and her stiff, solemn demeanour there, while it made Agnes at times feel very ill at ease, was generally provocatlvc of more than one mirthful sally from Florence, who, knowing that Uncle Sydney was on her side, had no fear or thought of any of Aunt Deb's peculiarities or prejudices. It was the burning remembrance of all these things that made Miss Wilbur so sharp with Anne as to cause the poor girl to wonder whatever had come over her mistress. It Is true the latter was always what domestics call "a driver," but never had she raised her voice, nor scoldcd so much as she had done since the young ladies had come. Since their advent, with little or no provocation, she had often scolded as she was doing . now in the dining-room, her voice raised to such a high, shrill pitch, that . her brother who had left bis study to seek hier, had'no need of inquiring her whereabouts. He was going to her in the interest of Florence's little plan, but lie paused just outside his study door, in sheer anger and disgust at his sister's exhibition of temper. When finally he conquered his feelings sufficiently to meet her, he went no further in his approach than to stand on the threshold of the dining-room and utter very severely: " Deborah !" Deborah wilted, while Anne, never quite able to overcome her awe of Mr. Wilbur, retreated rapidly to the kitchen. Though Miss Wilbur had been giving such frequent and unrestrained way to her tongue, she had been doing so with the firm and comfortable assurance that her brother, being either out with his guests or secure in his study, did not hear 'her ; she knew his abhorrence of a scolding woman, indeed, of any loud-voiced female, and she dreaded at all times incurring from him censure in that respect. His aspect now positively frightened her, though she was making a desperate effort not to appear so, and she did manage to squeeze out what, compared with her former higher tones, was a very softly-spoken : " Well, what do you want ?" "That you would step this way, please, and inform me how often you employ that unwomanly voice." Miss "Wilbur thought it well to cover her fear by an assumed irritability, and a sort of defiant disobedience in the matter of not advancing more than a step. " If you had the cares of housekeeping, Sydney, you might not be able to modulate your tones, either. Ifs all very well for folks that have nothing to do. but be ladies and gentlemen, and go' out with, and be attentive to guests." " I always supposed you held the position of a lady. If not, to enable you to do so, it were better you hired some housekeeper to attend to these trying duties. Should they continue, I am afraid our guests will think bigotry and termagants are close companions." She shot a little quick glance at him from her bead-like eyes, wondering for an instant if his last words were meant as an indication of his knowledge of what she had done with Miss Hammond's little case and its contents. But after that instant's fear she felt assured that such could not be the case. Did he know, her brother would not have hesitated to take her to open task. " I sought you," he resumed, without waiting for her to reply, " in order to ask you to invite your friend. Miss Liscome, here to-morrow evening. Mr. Mallaby, Miss Hammond's guardian, by my express desire, is coming." Having said which he instantly turned, and ascended to his study, leaving his sister mute and motionless from amazement, anger, and some dismay. Her amazement rose from the fact of being requested to invite Miss Liscome—Sydney never before having expressed the hint of a desire to meet the lady, her anger that any friend of Miss Hammond's should be invited, and her dismay lest her brother was indignant with her beyond forgiveness. The last feeling, however, made her somewhat anxious to please him, and as soon as she had recovered from her various emotions, she despatched Anne with a little note of invitation to Miss Liscome, the note saying that Sydney especially wished her to come. What the feelings of Prudence were on reading such unexpected lines were pourtrayed in the very warm and grateful message, also written, which she returned by Anne, and in the way she soliloquised after Anne's departure: "That dear, sensible Sydney! of course he could not help drawing forcible contrasts between that great-eyed chit of a girl and myself. He knows she would be no wife for him, even if that mysterious will, of which his sister speaks so much, were not in the P. J.O'CONNOB, 'Merchant Tailor, next Richmond Town Hall. A nice assortment of fashionable tweeds just opened. Firstclass tradesmen employed. Prices, fit,and material guaranteed to give satisfaction. A rial solicited. way. What kind of a wife would she make him ? Bah !" And Miss Liscome glanced at herself in the glass to make sure that the crows' feet were not very apparent, and to wonder if she rouged her cheeks a little higher would it not tend to conceal them. CHAPTER VII. Punctually at eight o'clock of the designated evening, Matthias Mallaby presented himself at the door of No. Hubert-street He was the same figure which caused so much mirth to Florence, even down to the item of the cotton umbrella, though there was not a suspicion of a cloud in the august sky. But closer inspection revealed a difference in the matter of his shirt collar; usually wearing it low, and turned down, on this occasion it was so high and stiff that it seemed like a sort of wedge to support his head, and it certainly prevented that member of his body from turning itself unless the whole body turned with it. Even Anne, as she admitted him, stared a little, and she could not repress a sly laugh as she put his umbrella into the old-fashioned hall-stand, preparatory to ushering him out of a little reception room back of the parlour, and taking his card to Miss Hammond. But before she had an opportunity for doing all this Florence came dancing into the parlour. " Mr. Mallaby, is it not ? I thought it must be, and I begged Agnes to let me have the privilege of meeting you first. I have heard so much about you, Mr. Mallaby, that I feel as if I knew you quite well." And she grasped both of his hands and drew him into the parlour, all the while looking up into his brown eyes, that the brightly-lighted hall lamp revealed very distinctly. Surprised and delighted by this most unexpected welcome, the owner of the brown eyes permitted them to turn upon the good- natured girl with all that wonderfully winning softness of which they could be capable, and the longer Florence looked into them the more favourably impressed she became, and the more she forgot all her former disposition to laugh at his odd appearance. His ward greeted him kindly, but with an unmistakable dignity, and then Florence presented him to her uncle, who in turn introduced him to his sister and Miss Liscome. And Mr. Mallaby, with his very oldfashioned manner, insisted upon taking the hand of each lady, and saying, as he made to cach in turn a most ludicrous bow : " I am delighted, ma'am, to make your acquaintance—I hope I find you in the enjoyment of exceedingly good •health., ma'am," and then his stiff shirt collar warning him to be careful how he turned his head, he held that member so exceedingly high, that, taken in connection with his odd costume, he looked exactly like one of the absurdly grotesque sign figures with which some storekeepers draw attention to their wares. But Florence remembering his eyes was enabled to control herself, while Sydney, in neither manner nor expression, showed anything save the gracious and kindly host. Miss Hammond was a little bit annoyed. It was the first time that she had ever seen her guardian in company like the present, for on her brief visits to Mrs. Denner, Mr. Mallaby's deportment did not seem to be out of place, and she regretted having been persuaded to give him -the invitation. Her re gret was rendered keener as she saw his reception by the two maiden ladies ; Miss Wilbur had drawn back, indignant that he should have seized her hand without having It proffered to him, and her little black eyes twinkled wrathfully over his whole person, while Miss Liscome, In servile Imitation, had drawn back also, arching her thin, bare shoulders, and partially, hiding her rouged cheeks with her fan. (To be continued.) Mr. Sexton has again stated that he ht • no intention of returning to Parliament. 