Tli Holding up of the .. Alhambra. My father was Silas Bond—Silas P. Bond, banker, of New York—a millionaire in his time, and my mother was a teacher of drawing in the State schools wheu my father married her. I was 20 years of age on the 17th of October 1H87. On that night, a Monday, Lord Brabazon dined with as, and my dear mother invested her thousand dollars in orchids, palms and roses in honor of the occasion of my engagement. We had met in Europe some mouths before, and had fallen in love with unusual promptitude. .. With us dined that night a person of whom everybody must have heard— Abram Lemark, Professor of Sanskrit. 1 believe he was a Jew; at any rate, he was a tine cosmopolite. An admirable linguist, keen critic of art and music, good conversationalist, and not a controversialist, as too many men of learning aire, he was a favorite at New York dinner tables, and especially at ours. Harry was beaming with happiness as he placed in iny lap, just before we went in to dinner, a case containing a necklet of old pink topazes, a gift from his ladymother. He said that, as I already had everything I wanted, and much more than I could ever wear, he had been hard put to find a suitable present ; but you can imagine how I approached those antique jewels. Professor Lemark begged to examine them, and immediately launched into an interesting dissertation on the jewellery of the Persians. The topazes he declared, were set in purely Oriente, fashion, and, were worth a good deal " though not so much," he said, " as that smallest of tiiose three big diamonds on your finger. Let me see that ring, Miss Cynthia." I took it off and handed it across Harry to the Professor, who valued it for us very cleverly, and, before he returned it, gave us a vivid picture of , the diamond cutting and polishing industries in Amsterdam. Then we went to dinner, and Professor Lemark was particularly, brilliant. ; He and Harry found a mutual acquaintance in the person of old De Levy at Oxford, a specialist in Oriental languages. Then the Professor treated us to sketches of famous criminals he had met or read alxiut, including reminiscences of Louise Michel, and at last the talk touched upon Socialism at large, whereupon my Aunt Delia, who lived with us, and was supposed to be a strong-minded, progressive person, gave us some of her ideas, which exactly coincided .with those of the Professor. We were a happy party over our orchids and champagne, even if we did talk of the "alien population," and the " social problems" of the daj-, and when dinner was over we discussed the theatres, and agreed to make a theatre-party for the " Alhambra " on the coming Saturday. The Professor was particularly keen in his amusing criticisms of the " Great American play" of "Progress," and said that he had heard of twenty or thirty families who would be present on that night, the 365th performance. Next day we discovered that the Professor was rightly informed. Everyone was going on Saturday to! see the last representation of " Pro-: gress." There was to be some kind of national celebration between the acts, and General Johnson would probably make a speech. Harry was delighted, and said there must be more than four hundred people of position in New York after all. Saturdaj% the 22nd, finally arrived. I wore Harry's pink topazes and a lowcut gown of white brocade. When the carriage was announced, my father, turning me around under the drawingroom electric light, made a feeble protest against the jewels. There was a moment's hesitation. My mother, attired in a new and costly wrap of ermine, velvet, and lace, said there was no time to change anything now. Harry saw nothing remarkable in the number and quality of my ornaments, for, he remarked, London women were wearing much more jewellery than ever before. " You're a set of Anglomaniacs anyway," said my father, goodnaturedly. Then, just as it was striking eight, we moved out to the carriage. "Where's the Professor?" said Harry. "Wasn't he to come with us?" " He was to have come to dinner," replied my farher, "but I met him in town, and he said he was too busy to join us until half-past eight. He'll find his way to the box." The Alhambra was a singularly beautiful building. It was designed in Moorish style,, and had nothing of the look of a theatre about it. Two or three squaies off, you could see its gleaming walls studded with many small windows of stained glass. The walls were bronze colored, and partly hidden under dull blue, silken plush hangings. Our box was strewn and decorated with roses— my mother had given the order to her florist; others had done the same. The 365th performance of " Progress,"' an essentially American play, written by an American, and produced by an Americhn company at the most elegant and luxurious of American theatres— national pride ran high ! Everywhere waved, and was draped, the Star-Spangled Banner. We proudly took our places in the box, and Harry was gently instructed in the mysteries of New York society, for the boxes were crammed with beautiful women and distinguished men. Mr. and Mrs. Strickland Gage, with their two daughters, and not long after them the Professor, now arrived, and our party was complete. As for Harry, being a lord, he was a great centre of attraction, although I hardly think he knew it. We showed him General Johnson in the box opposite ours, and his questions about the Civil War were answered for us by the Professor, who returned full and animated answers, crammed with statistics and facts, altogether surprising in a man who could not hax-e known that he would be asked just those questions. No doubt it was an exceptional evening, although the play did not merit, J thought, the success it had achieved, and this was the Professor's view. He kept up a running fire of critical remarks, which were in his cleverest and most amusing vein. A Socialist in the play afforded him a capital peg to hang his satire on, while the highly melodramatic style of the diction convulsed him. In short, he gave us a complete treatise on the "modem drama," its origin, history, defects, and probable early collapse. After the second act, Mr. Gage, my father, and Professor Lemark went out, leaving Harry as our guardian. aRd we retired to the back of the box, It struck me as an unusually long wait, and without our versatile Professor, conversation flagged. They were, doubtless, preparing the national interpolation I have alluded to. At last, most of the gentlemen who had gone out returned to their seats, • including my father, Mr. Gage, but not Professor Lemark. In answer to our queries, Mr. Jage said he had missed him in the lobby—how or when he could not tell; but that, no doubt, he would be back in plenty of time for the national demonstration The orchestra being hidden at the top of the stage, under large banks of American laurel, we could not see them as they made their entrances and exits, but we looked at our programmes and waited for the selection of national airs to begin. But the wait was really very long, and we yawned and fluttered our fans, and the people in the gallaries shouted, and stamped, and whistled—to no effect. Presently our party partook of the general annoyance. "This is scandalous," said my father, when a good half-hour from the time of his re-entering the box liad elapsed. Aunt Delia hazarded the opinion that some member of the cast was ill or hurt. We were all leaning out over the relvet edge of the box, when suddenly J. caused some excitement by starting np and then back. They demtmded to kuow what was the matter, but I could not be prevailed upon to tell. For this was what I had seen, or thought I saw. At the back of the house, standing half out from behind the plash hangings, I had caught sight of a man, with such a strange, dark, square shadow over the upper part of his ! face, that I fancied for the moment lie i was matlcetl' The next moment I laughed at the absurd, notion, and tried to regain my, composure. The noises all around went on as before, indeed, increasing momentarily. By this time we were all 1 certain that something must be wrong behind the scenes, and Mr. Gage was half of a mind to stand up and request the house to keep quiet, as the management would presently reassure us. Just as he was arguing with his wife as to the wisdom of this step, the curtain slowly rose upon an empty : stage. Did I say the stage was empty ? So it was, for a couple of seconds. Then a single person walked on—a man : and immediately, as if at a given signal, other men appeared, as if by magic, all over the theatre, and they were all masked ! I had not made a mistake. My eyes had not deceived me. One of these men I had seen but a few minutes before at the back of the house, and that hard, dark, square shadow upon the upper part of his face te«* a mask. And each man held out two revolvers, including the man, motionless and disguised, in the centre of the stage. Now, this being a matter of historv, you may not doubt my word as to the singular situation in which we found ourselves. Yet I fear that I can hardly make you understand the extraordinary emotions which possessed the house, when these masked and armed men were revealed—some at the flies where they 7 were but dimly seen, peering blackly out upon,. us, some guarding the doors and lining the walls of the ground floor; others in the aisles of the galleries, thus cutting off every exit. At first there was only stupefaction. Not a woman screamed—which I have since thought to have been very remarkable, and caused, no doubt, by the fact that we were in a place of public amusement, and that nothing of a serious or tragic nature could possibly be apprehended. It may even have been • that some fancied these apparitions were part of 'the play. Mr. Gage and my father looked at one another, and I noticed that while none of the ladies in our party had changed color, the men were white. Not a word was spoken. Still the awful tension lasted, and how long we might have sat there staring out at that empty stage and its masked intruder, I do not know, had it not been for a simple incident which broke the spell. Somebody let fail an opera glass, and the noise, slight at any other time, appeared to us like a thunder-clap. The storm of panic broke Women turned, and seeing those spent, ominous figures surrounding them, clung to their escorts and to each other, screamed, fainted, wept aloud in terror. Men swore and stamped, and the entire house rose to its feet. "My God," said my father, under his breath, drawing my mother's hand on his arm, "we're in for it. come at last." " What's' come ?" said my mother, •shivering imder her cloak' of fit j" What's ^ffls^Saas ?" . ) j T "The theatre'is *held up,'madam^ said Strickland Gage, in her eaa^'and it's a bad business, but for God's sake, ladies, keep cooL Keep quiet, and all may be well. If not " and he made an expressive gesture. We then saw that no direct struggle had taken place. Despite the excite- ment and emotion of the vast audience, the masked men at the back and on the stage had apparently not moved a muscle. Their cue, whatever it was, was being stolidly adhered to. "Isn't there a detective anywhere in the house ?" whispered Harry to my father. " Can we not give an alarm V' " Hargrave is down there at the side,' 5 returned Mr. Gage, in the same tone, "and although in plain clothes, he is doubtless armed, and probably the only armed man among us. But what is one to fifty ?—and there are fifty of those scoundrels, I'll swear, counting their leader aud those back of the stage. What, in Heaven's name, has become of the management 5" "Most likely gagged, if not murdered," whispered mv father. At that instant the uproar around us subsided into a silence almost as shocking. The man occupying the stage slowly advanced to the footlights—still with those revolvers pointing at us—and addressed us. And although he was well disguised with false beard and wig, felt hat and mask, and took some pains to alter his voice, we. knew him -at once. It was Abram Lemark, the versatile Professor of Sanskrit, our Professor, who had only left us altout three-quarters of an hour before, aud had never appeared more friendly or more brilliant. " Be seated, please, ladies and gentlemen," said he, in a calm, almost indifferent tone, aud instantly that house obeyed—with one exception. Genera! Johnson remained as he was, with one hand in his breast, aud a smile upon his weather-beaten old hatchet face. At that sight a thrill ran through us, and many men stood up to keep the General company. This the Professor did not permit. In distinct and contemptuous tones he commanded the enforcement of his wishes. 4 4 One man has shown liimself my equal. I allow General Johnson to remain on his feet. The others will take their seats." The men sat down. " Be so kind, General, as to withdraw vonr hand from vour breast-pocket. Thanks/' He lowered his own revolvers and stood as before. You can imagine the suspense; but, no—you cannot, you cannot imagine it. Trapped—we sat there, awaiting pillage, death, perliaps ferocity, inhuman treatment. My mother, Mrs. Gage and her daughters, and myself were at the back of the box, some of us with our hands over our eyes. Aunt Delia, however, sat boldly out in front, with her eyes upon Abram Lemark ; he still had his fascinations for her. The General had obeyed. Slowly and politely he removed his right hand, continuing to stand in an easy, unfaltering position, and with a curious smile upon his face—the poor General, the dear, dear. General ! My old eyes fill with tears when I think of it—when I think of it• Then Lemark spoke. " General Johnson—a man whom I am assured you all honour and admire— does me the favor to rise in his box and confront me, thereby, as I t«ke it, representing in himself this audience. I have no personal quarrel with General Johnson. He is free to depart this instant from this house and go to his home in safety, providing he raises uo alarm. The last hero left of your Civil War is the last person I should wish to hurt. It is not against such as he that we wage our war." As he paused, my father whispered to me to watch the man Hargrave. He sat in the stalls, not very far from us. underneath our box, and he, catching my father's eye cautiously telegraphed a shake of the head, as if he considered the situation hopeless. Still, there was that in his eye which made us watch him. " I repeat, ladies and gentlemen," resumed the Professor, " that I have 110 desire to injure General Johnson, nor anybody present. You were here assembled to see a play called ' Progress.' You will see no more of it than you have seen. The actors iu it are now helpless. The officials of this house are helpless. All communication is cut off. * If you stir, you die—most of you : and consider, would life be worth living to the remainder? Our object is merely to separate from yon the various objects of value—watches, diamonds, 4;id money —with which your persons are loaded. Many of you jare my ^acquaintances, some my friends. Nevertheless, all thought of resistance or parleying will be useless. My emissaries jare in all parts of this house. They" ire chosen men and true—to me and to the Order to which they belong. That Order has sworn to control the wealth of the community, and to check the monopoly of riches which exists to day. We make to-night the first organized attempt in America to free the poor man from the tyranny of the rich." We eyed each other in silent consternation, for the audacity of the scheme was awful. My mother, Mrs. Gage, and other women present began unclasping bracelets, tearing off rings, laying jewelled watches on the box-ledges in front of them. As for the men, they preserved a dogged silence. My father afterwards told me that, if he thought of one plan of escape, he thought of a thousand, and that probably the other men present did the same. But he could see no way out of the difficulty. There was no sign from the flies or lobby of distress or straggle. The thing had come about so quietly, so smoothly—the building was so completely in the hands of a wellorganized gang of Socialists and robbers, that there seemed no opportunity for the men present to exercise their coinage. This was what gave such a dark, sullen, dogged look to the countenances of men like my father, Strickland Gage, Rufus Hart, Judge Mar- | riott, Augustus Weir (of the Courier), and others. They were literally trapped. And now the General spoke. He stood, still facing Lemark, and addressed him politely:— "Will you inform this house—I, acting as its representative—whether your emissaries here, as you call them, are native-born Americans ? " " No doubt some of them are." "But not the bulk?" "No." " These others are, then ?'' " From all climes, all races," answered Lemark sharply. He wished to end the business, while the General, we saw, was tiring to gain time, hoping that some assistance might yet reach us from outside. " All I say is this." resumed the General, " if there be one free-born native American citizen here to night amongst these masked and armed plun- derers. frighteners of women, in suiters of old age, defiers of God and justice, I had rather die at once with all my sins and imperfections on my head than live, like him, with the memory of such a night's shameful work, to be a hundred: " I appeal." said the General, in thin and tremulous, but ringing, tones : " I appeal to the native element among tin's dishonourable force. By the memoir of your- liomes—by tliat flag which wves there over your head " He got no further, for hysterical sobs broke from all the women. How could we help it ? The men got up aud sat down again; electrical shivers ran through the audience. Lemark was motionless and controlled any retort he might have made. Then it was we noticed Hargrave, the detective in plain clothes. He had changed his seat. Taking advantage of the confusion resulting from the swoon of a lady further along in the same line as himself, he had moved into a vacant place exactly facing the Professor. "I tell you to watch Hargravc," whispered my father again. " He hasn't made that move for nothing.'' Almost as he spoke, three separate shots were heard, and the first was fired by the detective He hoped to pick off the leader of the gang, and thus cause panic among the followers. The second shot was fired by General Johnson, and from the front row of the gallery had come the third. A tall, ungainly figure, with a sombrero on its head, was leaning excitedly forward-—ex-Governor Compton of Texas. These three men were presumably the only armed men in the audience, and the same idea had occurred to them all— that there was only one course to be taken, and that a desperate one. To kill Lemark might throw the house into such confusion that escape for the majority would result. B> t the Professor was not dead. Whe. we looked again, we saw that Hargrave's shot had struck him in the leg, I think it was. It had been difficult to aim correctly from the peculiar level of the stalls". The Texan had aimed too low, and his bullet whizzed into the floor of the stage. As for the General, old age had rendered his shot totally wide of the mark. Lemark reeled, but did not fall. Then we saw him cover the General with his cruel right hand—fire—and the brave old man, the fiue old soldier, the honest citizen and devoted patriot, fell. He fell on the ledge of his box, shot through the heart.' Immediately the scene changed. Wild uproar succeeded. The men at the flies rushed to the "assistance of Lemark. Hargrove and the Texan were overpowered and pinioned. "Why did they fire?" groaned Strickland Gage. "What are a few baubles worth to the life of such a man as Johnson ?" Lemark, though wounded and staggering, retained his indomitable spirit. His voice rose over the roar of execration and moaning. We heard him shout some order we could not understand, but Delia understood and came to us. She was a very calm person, and a good linguist, having been in the habit of conversing with Abram Lemark in various languages. Shooting is bad enough," she said, in a guarded but desperate kind of way, " but I prefer it myself to dynamite. We had better lose no time in setting a good example" My mother rose, and taking off her new cloak poured all her jewels into it. The rest of us did the same, and my mother, advancing, held the cloak out in front of our box. Rufus Hart and others followed. The house had surrendered. Some of the gang, still masked and provided with sacks, marched down the aisles and waited in front of the boxes. They worked quietly but swiftly. Watches, rings, ear-drops, bracelets, were passed along in solemn silence, and consigned to the stout sacks held by Lemark's followers. The value of the booty must have been enormous. In a few cases the men refused to leave until pockets were turned inside out, and pockethooks searched. The only humourous side to this gloomy scene that I can remember, was the extraordinary eagerness -which most people displayed in yielding up their possessions. Halfdollars, letters, car-tickets, memoranda of all kinds, were feverishly fished up j by those who stood in fear of the j deadly revolvers. One man handed I over, with a icomplacent air, a large j wad of bills, appareutly over a thoui sand dollars. The holder of the sack j took them, looked them over, brought i one close up to his eyes, fingered it | knowingly, and then returned the entire package. Of course, they were counterfeits, and the owner looked around •with an exceedingly sheepish smile. As for me, the pink topazes had to go. Abram Lemark was no respecter of persons. The fact ^ that he had dined with us the Monday before did not. trouble him in the least. Fifteen or twenty minutes were all that was - necessary for Lemark's followers to • make the tour of the house. At a sign. from their leader, they stopped when the first gallery had been done with. Retaining to the last his voice and self- possession, he again addressed us, and told us we were free to go. Two men entered the General's box and guarded the dead body. Hargrave and Colonel Compton were restrained in like manner, but the rest of the house moved out in deathly silence, many women being supported. The dressing-rooms were in charge of masked men. The plush portieres leading to the long corridor were drawn aside for us by others. The reception-room at the eud of this corridor, the manager's room, the boxoffice, the vestibule, were deserted. Without any hindrance, it is true, but still without the means of giving an alarm, we reached the street. We found ourselves on Broadway. It was too early for the private and other carriages, but the usual crowd jostled us. We seemed to walk mechanicalty, blindly, in any direction whataver. We were - like ghosts. The stir, the life of the bustling, brilliant street made no impression upon us; we . appeared to have no part in it. We had come through a singular and awful experience, and we now appeared plunged in some unnatural spell we could not shake off. By degrees a kind of frenzy spread among us. Our peculiar looks and actions attracted attention. Several cabs were signalled, into which fainting women were put. Gradually we formed the nucleus of an excited crowd. People began to divine that something was wrong. The Alhambra doors, now closed and locked on the inside, were surrounded by men—swearing, furious, vindictive, and by women in magnificent toilets, but forgetful of wraps and headcovering. Cries for the police were next heard, and we were swept by the crowd up the street, till at the corner of th Street, my father and mother got into a car with much difficulty, and so disappeared. Harry and I followed. The last I saw and heard of Strickland Gage, he was beating his hands togethei- as he triSJttT" make an elderly policeman understand the situation. r " Act—act—do something 3 Tear the walls down ! They have killed General Johnson, I tell you. Hargrave, the detective, is there helpless. Every moment is precious." I tried to retrace my way, battling with the excited people around me. I had gone, I suppose, about three blocks from the theatre when the end came Deafening noises, underground rumblings, violent detonations occurred again and again. I was thrown into the middle of the street, and became insensible. Such was the end of that terrible night's work. Hargrave and Colonel Compton both perished with the building, from which Lemark and his men, with their booty, escaped in time to save their lives. The actors and orchestra were freed, and it afterwards transpired that very few of the officials of the theatre had been present on the occasion—no doubt the night had been carefully chosen. Both Colonel Parr and Hindlay Vincent, the Alhambra's owner and manager, were in Chicago, where the burning of another theatre (they controlled five) led to suspicions of Lemark's agents. Three of the ushers had been members of the Order. The business manager—a Pole—was another; indeed, the majority of the gang were proved to be foreigners of idle and corrupt habits. A few had been secreted behind the plush hangings from before the time for performance. Others had occupied seats in the galleiy and stalls during the first and second acts. But the brunt of the affair rested upon Abram Lemark, the audacious and original Professor. He was traced to New Orleans, where he died of the effects of that wound given him by the detective 