COURSING CHATTER. BY " BLAKEHERE." I WAS present at the Bendigo meeting Issfc week, and as usual this season PUNCH was the only metropolitan paper represented at any meeting other than Moonee Valley. Secretaries of country clubs now comment severely on the lack of support given them by Melbourre papers supposed to be devoted to sport. Advertisements duly appear, and when they are duly paid for the proprietors of these journals seem to think their duty at an end. But their readers do not, for no one cares to take matters that appear in tbe Press an scrieux, when they know such is only secondhand from a visitor or else extracted from a local paper. I have never known provincial committees and secretaries so bitter as they are tbis season —and certainly I think they have every reason to be. THE Bendigo meeting, which eventuated on the local plumptor, promised to be one of the most successful held in Australia for some time past, for the President's Stake'was— in these days —a splendidly rich one, with £'50 for tbe winner, in addition to a 12 guinea trophy presented by Mr. Henry Burridge, the president of the club. Then the runner-up was entitled to .£20, and the owners of third and fcurth dogs £6 10s. each. It was consequently to be expected that only the very highest class dogs would be sent to compete for it, and these expectations were amply filled, for it is doubtful if a stake for sixteen only ever previously bad such quality engaged as ran on the Bendigo plumpton last week. TJNFOBTUNATELT the anticipations of the grand success were net fulfilled, and this was in :agreat measure due to the hares, who are not sufficiently schooled to the escape; of course at this season of the year, when hares are beginning to couple, they never are expected to show, wonderfully, brilliant form, and therefore perhaps the fact rf the does being in " kindle " had a lot to do with their want of stamina. But even tbe old jacks ran very shiftily, and this caused Turner, the slipper, a lot of trouble, and he has to be sympathised with in having such hares to slip at. Poor slipping always makes judging difficult. Mr. Collard had great difficulties undoubtedly, several of his verdicts were commented upon, that between Inkstand and Battler ia the Eaglehawk Stakes most especially.' The former led up by two lengths and a-half and dusted puss about considerably, the only assistance he received from Battler being some wild rushes of the Witchcraft sort, and when they killed in a scramble it was long odds on Inkstand, but to general astonishment Battler received the award. Mr. Frank Goynp, the owner of Inkstand, is a young and enthusiastic courser, but has certainly been the victim of mistakes this Eeason, as at a previous meeting he was the owner of Our Boy, against whom the verdict was given in favour of Disfigured, when the former led and outscored the sister to Hennie II. in a most hollow fashion. But it is no use picking out courseB in which the onlookers disagreed with judgeF, for they are so many. The ground was raturally soft after the heavy rain and was not suitable for hard riding over, but in the old country, wbere I received my education in coursing, we look for this state of the "going." THE Bendigo committee were really chagrined that the success of the meeting was not more pronounced, but they are such genuine enthusiasts that it will only spur them on the more to achieve that success they deserved even if they did not receive. Next teason I am certain there will be nothing wanting, for the executive intend leaving no stone unturned to make everything perfect on their pretty appointed ground. Tbe attendance was undoubtedly satisfactory, there being a number of visitors from Melbourne, including Messrs. Alec. Pearson, John Munday. M. Hardimen, Staplfiton. Kenyon and others, whilst from Eaglehawk, Marong and the vicinage of Bendigo generally there was a big muster, and Echuca was also well represented. ON the night previous to the coursing Mr. John Muoday sailed the card over and there was some fairly lively betting, whilst tbe £ Calcuttas filled rapidly, the average for tbe sixteen in the President's Stakes being about a couple of sovereigns,Kate Hardcast leon each occasion being made favourite with £5153. bid for the champion puppy. Happy Jack, the winner of the stake, was not fancied, and only brought 32s. and 35s., whilst there was no bid above the upset of £1 for the runner-up, Outlaw. As I remarked in my account of a previous meeting to the Bendigo PlumptoD, punctuality is not one of the many virtues possessed by the executive, and it would be well if at future meetings this were remedied. It was nearly an hour after time when we began the First Sound wit h Waterhen and Society Belle. Last year's Waterloo Cup winner led this season's Purse -winner two and a-half lengths, and a pretty exchanging course took place, but Waterhen always bad a bit the tetter of it, and when tbe flag went up for her she had revenged her onesided defeat at Benalla by Mr. Stapleton's bitch. Brunette w.s five lengths faster than Capricorn to a hare that wanted to return to tbe slip covert, and although the fawn dog made matters merry, Biunette was a strong winner. Hennie II. led Darebin Rebel just over a couple of lengths, and dusted puss about considerably, when tbe black dog got in and became so busy that he bad just about equalised matters, but a strong harei broke back from him, and Hennie If. finishing well had a fmall balance in bard when puss escaped. Nightingale had practically a course to herself before Busy Bee became sighted, end when they were together their work was so even that Mr. Collard took off his cap—very hard lines for Nightingale. At the second attempt Nightingale showed the effects of her course, and was comfortably beaten by Busy Bee. H< pricker got the turn eight lengths in front of Outlaw, but after making a couple more he was never in it, as the Bungaree dog stuck very closely to his scut, and was a good and meritorious winner by clever work. Honeydew led Red Comyn four lengths, and then the latter refuted to try a ysr^, and was beaten pointless. Happy Jack led Lass at least ten lengths, and in a short merry kill had matters all his own way, when he brought puss to grass. Kate Hardcastle had a short course to herself, as she broke the slips and got away, with Mandrake left. Fortunately she quickly killed. On being put in again, another pair of slips was utilised, and then Mandrake broke the pin, whilst Kate Hard castle was bung in slips, losing some three or four lengths at the least. Then she was temporarily unsighted, and was led by Mandrake three lengths. A short merry course each with a couple of exchanges ensued, and was terminated by Kate killing. The verdict was for Mandrake, and this was perfectly justifiable, if no notice were taken of the bad slip; but I think such should have been, when the cap should have come off, for Kate's kill was not worth a couple as a kill of merit. There was now a long delay whilst another pair of slipB was being procured. First Ties .—Brunette reached her eame four lengths in advance of Waterhen, who was most unfortunate in being unsighted in the run up and then putting herself out of court by chopping down her game directly she had tie chance. Hennie II. was three lengths superior in pace in the run up to Busy Bee, but after that was well beaten, a very strong hare enabling the black bitch to badly outwork ber. To the dismay of the punters Outlaw showed a couple of lengths faster than Honeydew and was much better and cleverer throughout; a shortish course terminated by a bill on the part of tbe fawn. Happy Jack to a shifty hare led two lengths on the inside and after a couple of exchanges ran into his game a good winner, but Mandrake was very unfortunate in having such an outside circle for the xun up. Secznd Tres:—Outlaw was only a length better than' Brur ette to the hare, and after the first gave poEses6ion to the bitcb, who worked well on the inside to a hare that would not have the dog. Notwithstanding her shouldering Outlaw away, the dog took an occasional point and finished up a narrow winner with a kill ot merit. Happy Jack led Busy Bee four clear lengths and throughout was vastly superior, the bitch only occasionally getting in a point on sufferance. Deciding Course:—Happy Jack at once drew clear from slips and reached his game two and a- half lengths in advance of Outlaw. Going on, Mr. Pearson's dog put in four more when Outlaw got a pretty exchange with Happy Jack. The latter then seemed inclined to stand off his game a little and Outlaw rattled up a sequence of merrylwrenches, but a very wide turn again let in. the Essendon dog, who wrenched thrice weakly and on tbe inside circle Outlaw raced by him, but did not get the necessary distance in front to constitute a go-bye. They exchanged twicp, and when Outlaw drove to covert he wa6 a loser by the opening points of the lead up to the first wrench. THE Bendigo Stakes resulted in a division between Fearnaught, by Fearless (Rufford— Arrah-na-Pogue)—Nora Creina (Sandy Bess) and Molly Riley, by Ghost (Rent Charge—Red Hind) —Winnie (Wrekin—Wbilda), both of which were trained by John Jackson, who trained the dividers of the previons puppy stake run on this plumpton. In this stake there was a terribly long course run between Cerito and Poetess, which lasted 3min. 48|=ec., and was won by the former, who outstayed the dBngbter of Tennyson and Flora. Cerito bad to be drawn after that, being quite knocked out. In the seventh course Dunloe, a brother to Poetess, led his opponent a dozen lengths-hut hke his "sister got a grueller of 2i minutes. Unfortunately, Dunloe bashed into the netting fence used to make a lane to run the hares into the slip paddock and made a hole as big as himself. In extricating himeelf from the jagged wires he was so badly injured that he died the same evening/ Thus the Messrs. Hodges Bros, of Geelong met with extraordinarily bad luck at the meeting, as an c ffer was made the same day for Dunloe of 3Q. guineas. Then they saw Hoppicker, after leading eight lengths, well beaten, and to crown it all Kate Hardcastle, the favourite for the Btake, met with the very worst luck possible as described in the first round. THE Eaglehawk Stakes was divided by the brothers Barleycorn and Battler; by Livingstone —Beehive Rose, by Rent Charge—Captivity, by Misterton—Coomassie. Barleycorn, ran a good dog throughout, but Battler whs:badly beaten by Inkstand in his first essay. Both Barleycorn and Battler are the property of Mr, Burridge, the popular president of the club, who was warmly congratulated on winning the prettytrophy of "a tea and coffee service, presented by the Eaglehawk members of the club. HAPPY JACK, the winner of the President's Stake and trophy last year, won the Champion Stakesat Benalla, and is by Merry Monarch (eon of HeyfieldandMerry Duchess,by Kingfisher—Heliotrope, by Grenadier), from Tailoress, by General Gordon (by Wiwondera—Bashful La<?y\ from Flirt. Trained by Walter Melrose, of the Melfort Kennels, North Essendon, renders it supei fiuoue to remark that he came to slips in 4he best ot condition. There was no doubt he we 8 lucky to defeat bis kennel companion, Mandrake, hut his great and undeniable pace pulled him through s very easy winner against Lsss and Busy Bee. He had, however, all his work to deffeat Outlaw, who is a second season fawn dog, and bas this year won thirty-two courses, having gone to slip3only on three occasions when outed. He was in very soft condition and not nearly prepared for such an ordeal, as he just missed to pass through. His weight is 661bs., and for a dog of his size is remarkably clever. His sire), Hopefoun, is by Rent Charge—Heyday, whilst his dam, Deanite, was by Premier, frcm a sister to the Waterloo Cup winnei, Young Bezique, by Nutlad. He is trained by one of his ownerp, A. M Gratb, of Clark's Hill, near Bungaree, and if in condition would be a very bard dog to defeat in any country. After the meeting he ^as offered by auction and knocked down to Mr. J. Maroney (Balmaghie's owner), but it is understood no sale wss effected. Molley Riley, however, was sold to Mr. W. Keating, of Bendigo, for 15 guineas, but remains in Jackson's charge. OWING to the bareB being l'mited in quantitr, the meeting was unfortunat< ly extended to the second day, when the gates were generously thrown open by tbe committee. On returning to Bendigo, the trophy was presented over a glass of wine to Mr. A. B. Pearson, who responded on behalf of his brother, Mr. John Pearson, th6 owner of Happy Jack. Mr. Burridge's tropby consisted of a massive marble clock of tbe full value stated on the cardB. Then Mr. Sam Lazarus presented Mr. Eurridge with tbe Eaglehawk trophy, and happiness reigned throughout tbe valedictory speeches. PUNCH was specially honoured with a vote, as " the only paper in Victoria to take a live interest in coursing,' J Prior to the first meeting next season, several experts in plumpton formation—including Mr. Mucday— offered to visit the groundand remedy any defects, and, needless to say, the lifers were heartily accepted. MR. C. P. BTJRBIDGE, of Bendigo, writes me ihat last week's meeting was a great financial success, and that his committee intends closing the season on 15th September with a Ladies' Bracelet meeting, at which stakes will also bs provided for saplings. MR. JOHN MTJNDAT announces the disposal of the entire kennel of Mr. P. F. Kelly on the ground at Moonee Valley during the luncbcon hour on Thursday, 9th September. Now that coursing is reviving, owners should seize uyon this opportunity to purchase first-class greyhounds. They can obtain them of all ages, as the. catalogue includes Lindsay Gordon, the stud do£, and the brood bitch," Flora, as well as Humming Bird and Fraulein II., both third seasone. Enoch Arden, who won the S.A. Derby, and Goldspur, who divided with Kate Hardcastle, his sister, the Lavertoh Stakes, will alio be disposed of, as well as other first, season degs, including that very fast puppy The Da BP, by Royal Dane.Jthe'only Australian son of Greenuck, the celebrated sire of tbe renowned Fullertrn. Then also there are saplings by Goldsmith—Flora, by Blackbird's sire, Kildahl.from Killaloe,sister fo Rhodanthe, by Rebellion—Westeria. Moreover, there are September saplings by HerscbeUs for, HappyGazer,from HummingBirdby Livingstone- Sonnet. Altogether there are seventeen lots, and with such a great reputation as the Messrs. ivelly Bros, have for breeding first-class, greyhounds, 1 am certain the sale will disclose tbe fact that there are still customers for first-class greyhounds, and that owners will not allow this opportunity to slip without obtaining foine ot their high-class breeding. The dogs can bo seen at High- street, South Preston, any day prior to the sale, and itjis'my intention to visit the kenrei and have a look over them prior to the next issue of PUNCH, in which I will write more fully of tb ' s valuable kennel. Mr. Munday will supply catalogues to anyone desirous of possessing ® same. -—? 