:'A X ORIGIN ALITOR £. A JtJST'fcEJQUlTAL " ASTftTA. CHAPTER V. Miss Armitage) restless and uneasy lest the cruel Reception practised upon Harold ? filiottld be discovered, determined to lose ho .titae in endeavoring to eopsole him by drawing bis attention to jier-6w*i peerless* "charms/ and to delicately suggest to him .her readiness to atone for the pain she. had caused,him byendovving hinr with hei\ lo.ve arid fortuhe. With these views she managed by the aid of a little diplomacy, to get invited to visit a young married, friend, whose home was near Berwick Court.- But first it was necessary that Misd Arlnltage should, if possible, relieve her anxiety upon certain questions relating to Helen, which continually haunted her. These were: "Where was Helen now ? Did she'know of Hferold's return and in heritance. if so, why did she not write to him? Perhaps," and at the thought the , heart of Constance leapt with nnholv joy, " perhaps she was really .dead after all. But" how to find out these particulars, there . Was. the ' difficulty/' Constance ruefully ' acknowledged to herself that even should ? her ischemes with reference to her cousin succeed, she would have no peace of -mind BO long as she was ignorant of Helen's movements. At length, after much coti ? siaWriiion, Miss ArraiCage resolved to seek the aid of a lawyefc'td discover Helen's whereabouts, ou the plea that she wished to'befriend iter; Having to pass through London qn, her way, to Guildford, near which town her friend Mrs. Gallweg resided, Miss Armitage took that oppor tunity df placiug the matter-in the hands of Mr. Alexander Thomson, a young man who bad recently begun to practise as a solicitor and who was under obligations to the Late Mr. Armitage. Mr. Thomson, though youn^, had much judgment and knowledge pf the world, ana it struck him as rather Btrange that. Miss Armitage should consult' him in a simple matter of this kind, instead of the old family solicitor who had managed the affairs of her father from his comiritf of age until his death. Pad Mr.Thomson .not been award*of the position and undoubted respeptability of his fair client 'his experience w.ould nave led him to feet doubtful of h&r; real motived in prosecuting, this search for her sister's late governess. The rdle of bene volent fairy:didtiot somehow seem quite natural to her. However, it was not for him to refuse business, or to question too closely the character and motives of a' rich client. Mr. Alexander -Thomson therefore asked such questions as were necessary as to the date of Helen's leaving Eastbourne, her reason for giving up the situation, the address of ber former employer and. referee, etc. To these enquiries Constance replied truthfully except to that relating to the reason why Helen had left. To this she replied that Helen tysvfi.summoned by her friend Miss Howe on account o£ her \- Budden illness. Miss Armitage begged Mr. Thomson "to - use all possible despatch in "the master, ,apd to let her. know, without delay, as soon as lie gained any information Harold had.beeti but a month established at Berwick CoYift When he met at agarden party a.young matron with whom he was ' slightly acquainted. ;who,_after a little pre limihi^ smatl'tilk,' said : "I think you knbw a deaf friend pf mine Sir Harold, Mien Armitage. Is&notso;? She is coming to us to-morrow on a Visit; If you have no other engagement I should be so glad if usat luncheon the follow ing dap ?"SKilLyoH come?"' ' .' Thank yQV,witb pleasure," replied Barora politely but without warmth. He was surprised at' experiencing a slight «ens#«fey-'i ^jpfltsion and- chill on hearing the qipQ%$f |ri&coufnh; and at the prospect of meetingdjef again so soon. . She was the only one ot gis acquaintance with the ex ception of Mr.'Marshall,. who Jknewof.his trouble, ai\£. he" fojt Instinctively that he ' cquld not -%*peet sympathy from her on that subject., .Besides, though unusually devoid . of vanity, for a roan so well e/i dowedrby nature and Dame. Fortune as he was, ,p$>*iootild''not but- be aware of his cousin's desire to attract him, and this knowledge, as is well known, far pftener repels than otherwise; a young man's affections. Nevertheless two later, when Harold left Mrs. GallwegV house, he acknowledged,to himself that he had never known f/ohstance S9.womanly and pleasing ae she .'appeared upon this Occasion., Her dress wa4: ampler and more becoming and. her mwnei*! gentle and subdued'. She' expressed'."great -pleasure at his proposal that she ana Mr. and Mrs, Gallweg .should devqte thetfo#<Mng -afternoon : to explor ing the grtpfl'wjt^tbidii of which he had become, ita lorfcunate possessor, and pro* jessed taws)} interest jh*$4s sohemefrftrthe. improf&nebt;, of .hie eijijate. . . .. Dunflg^tEe^it' wee&pf; Miss Artoitage's visit soarcely ' a day passed without $he oouaibMneeting. Harold's escort was daily needed upon some expedition pf business, v or pleasure. Mr. Gallweg made . him heartily welcome at all times when he was athom^^wSb.tvaseeldom the casb.eicept s onr45aygfcy jtflwno^a b«d Sunday,' his . buBine^«qwrinihis daily attehdanpe in ». SB«-A!WaStaga' began to talk of returning homo Harold J had become doubtful wlmthec the life he I had mapped out for hiinself.-vVas not likely j to prove very barten and lonely. Once or twice be had entertained a fate brother officer t>r two for a few days at a time, but for some inexplicable reason he did not enjoy their society, nor they his, so hearrily a§ formerly. They had no longer the same .ambitions or ends in view. They found it impossible to pick up the'last thread of familiar intercourse again, under such changed conditions. The oompanion whom Harold's soul desired must be something nearer and dearer than an ordinary bon comarade. _ *' Besides," he acknowledged to himself with a weary .sigh,' " It is, I suppose, my duty to marry, and the sooner the better perhaps, or I Bhall become a miserable misanthrope, or go to I "the dogs, and Constance will save me the trouble of going through the wretched . farce of preliminary courtship and would [ be a very suitable wife. I may as well ask ] her at once» and have done with it." I ! That eveuing, another carefully arranged i opportunity for an uninterrupted tete-a-tete j ! between her two interesting guests, occurred j I after dinner, under the hospitable roof of j | Mrs. Crallweg, and Constance had the gratification of announcing to her friend a i few hours later that Harold had proposed | and the marriage was to take place without unnecessary delay. Respect for his late ' cousin ana uncle would oblige Harold 1 to postpone the event for some months at least, but as Constance particularly desired that the ceremony should be performed as quietly and with as little publicity as t>ossible, they thought six months would be ong enough to wait. - CHAPTER VL It was remarked when Helen returned to her duties that she did not look much better for her holidays. She had no appe tite and could not sleep. After a few days of silent suffering she broke down com pletely. A dart of nervous fever entirely prostrated her for some weeks. Then she rallied, and presently was seen in the wards again, but she appeared a mere ghost of her former self. One day, during her illness, a dapper little man, dressed with extreme carp and neatiiesB, presented himself at the hospital and asked to see the matron on business of some importance. The name and address on the card whic h he handed to the porter was " Mr. Ellis, ftichmond Road, Islington." Mr. Ellis was admitted to the matron's office after a few minutes delay. He bowed politely oii entering, apologised for troubling Mrs. Mason, and assured her he would not detain her five minntes. His business was he explained, to make a few enquiries on behalf of his employer, Mr. Alexander Thomson, solicitor of Lincoln's Inn. Fields. Would Mrs. Mason kindly inform him whether she had amongst her nurses a lady named Helen Napier. "'May I ask your reason for making these enquiries replied the matron cautiously. *. You will understand that it is my duty to protect the interests of my nurses, and to help and advise them in any difficulty, therefore before answering any questions I j should like to know if your employer's interest iu her is likely to be used for her advantage or otherwise ?" { *' That, I cannot fully explain," answered Mr. Ellis, " bjit L think; 1 should not be exceeding my instructions if I said on my own authority-mind, strictly on my own authority-that to the best of my belief any information you may give me concern ing the young lady in question will be.ueed greatly to her advantage." ' "In that case I have no ©ejection to answering your questions, l'have a nurse ion my staff named Helen Napier." " Doea this photograph at all -resemble her ?" asked Mr. J^Hib, handing Mrs. Mason | a copy of au excellent cabinet photo, which 1 Helen had had taken to oblige Violet. " Yes. It is a good likeness," replied , Mrs. Mason as she returned it. i " And may I ask if Miss Napier is under an agreement to remain here for any stated time, and if so, would you mind tilling me for how long theengagement is likely to continue ?" " lier engagement is for three years. She t completed her first year two months Thank you very much madam.* I need not tr6uble you further, Good moaning," and Mr. Ellis, with another carefully studied bow took his departure and pro ceeded forthwith to lay his report before | his employer, who in due- course trams-1 mitted the .information to his client Mies Armitage. "8Jie is almost as safe there, from any chance meeting with Harold as though bhe were in' a convent, 1 should think," poudered^ Constance, aftpr reading the1 lawyer's letter. '* But how is it they have never corresponded, I wonder. He has apparently heard nothing from, her niece since that iught. Is it possible she does not know of hi& return 1 Oh dear I If she would but catch, some fever and die; - how i ?glad I should be. The thought of her] Spoils every joy of my life " I (To BE CONTINUED.) ' j 