LITERATURE. Literary Notes. Mr. Tom Gallon, a new writer, in a novel en titled ' Tatterley, the Story of a Dead Man,' and which comes to us from Messrs. Angus and Ro bertson, lias produced a story which in its delicate, yet graphic treatment,, its tender pathos, and its quaint humour, and clever development of charac ter irrisistibly suggests Dickens to the reader. It i« not surprising that this immediately struck the Eu^-lisli reviewers— for the present is a second edition rendered speedily necessary— as we find more than one of the leading reviewers, all of whom speak in the highest terras of the book, re ferring to the Dickens savour. Yet there is no copying of Dickens here. The style i6 fresh and lrc-J, the touch strong, and the conception admir able and idyllic. There are few characters— practically five, though there are four entirely subsidiary characters— purely ' supers,' but ex cellently sketched. Caleb Fry is a wealthy specu lator, bad, loveless, whose only ambition is the possession of money and power, and who is re lentless in the pursuit of one and the exercise of flic other. He lives the life of a mole, alternating bet ween the Stock Exchange and grim lodgings. He has crushed every man he has had to do with, piiilessly, till his name is feared through the city. Mammon is his god. His only retainer is a man whose spirit he had long since crashed and bro ken, as he had crushed him financially. The broken man had married Caleb's sister in the days of his prosperity, and when she died, 20 years be fore the story opened, there died the only being for whom Caleb felt softly. The sister's husband had been a schoolfellow of Caleb's, and was re ?rarded as remarkably like him then. Constant THE RECENT TRAM ACClDfikt lit OXFORD STREET, PADDINGTON. association made him more like and more submis sive to the dominant spirit, and when Caleb crushed him financially he became his humble slave, as Tatterley, clothed in his cast-off clothing and waiting on him hand and foot. Caleb neglects the boy, and when he does finally see the lad he quarrels with him because he has made a sweetheart of the daughter of another man Caleb had ruined, and cuts him off in favour of a sneaking black guard of a cousin. That night Tatterley dies suddenly. Caleb, his mind upset by the happen ings of the day, suddenly determines to exchange personalities with the dead man, whose wondrous likeness he notes, -in order to watch. what hifl rela tives will do. He acts on the impulse, changes clothing, and poor Tatterley is buried as the miser. As Tatterley, Caleb sees the hollowness of his relatives, except the boy, who succours his old uncle's supposed servant, though he and his sweetheart (they marry) are in sore need them selves. Caleb finds he cannot resume his identity, hut he finally takes £500 from his old rooms, speculates successfully, and enriches the boy and girl who have befriended him, and dies with them with his true personality unrevealed. We have had a good deal . written in one way and another about the East End of London and its denizens, ever since the days when ' slum ming ' was a craze, but evidently, judging from 'East End. Idylls,' by A. St. John Adcock, forwarded by the publisher, James Bowden, London, the field is not yet worked out, for, iu spite of all that has gone before Mr. Adcock's stories have freshness as well as the effect of truth and charm. In an introduction the Hon. and Rev. James Granville Adderiey, of St. Philip's Mission, Plaistow, says: — 'There is a dulness and a sadness in East London peculiarly its own, and yet this isolation of East London has had one good effect. It has forced the inhabitants to draw closer to one another there than is the case in any other part, and to develop a corporate character, which cannot be said to show itself elsewhere in the metropolis. Chelseans and Maryleboners have no marked individualitv, but East Londoners have. They are independent ; they have not suffered from the ill effects of neighbouring luxury and idleness as West-enders have done ; they have built up their own customs and traditions.' And it is just these which Mr. Adcock shows with literary skill and sympathetic touch. From Messrs. George Robertson and Co. comes a parcel of fiction. In Longman's Colonial Library there is ' The Cloister and the Hearth,' which Sir Walter Besant considers not only Charles Reade's masterpiece, but ' the greatest historical novel in thelanguage,' and ' Sketches in Lavender, Blue, and Green,' by Jerome K. Jerome. In Mac queen's Colonial Library — a new addition to the list — is ' A Flirtation with Truth,' by Curtis York, whose 'f Because of the Child' proved So popular in Sydney. The volume by Mr. Jerome is a collection of sketches and storifes which have seen the light individually, and which are marked by the light and humorous touch and dainty treatment which Mr. Jerome has put into so much of his work. Excellent stories most of them. ' In Camp and Barrack ' (from Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co., Is.) is a collection of military sketches by W. Ferrars Auburn (' Captain Random'), whose ?' Boot and Saddle Stories ' ahd 'With Lance and Pennon' have riiii through several editions. In the opening sketch here the authour takes Kipling to task fof making the typical British soldier talk Cockney, Argot-, and Billingsgate slang. This he regards as a libel on the ranks. ' Without being a person of cultured refinement,' he says ' the trooper of to-day is at least a man of he world, and endowed more or less with common sense. Examples of the correct thing in speech and man ners are constantly before him in the conversation and bearitig of his officers-, and Thomas, without knowing it, has considerably developed his imita tive faculty in these latter days of compulsory education. In company he does hot talk slang and incontinently drop his ' h's.' ' The ' jt'uzzy wuzzy' verses are specially quoted. Another sketch strongly condemns the ' gentleinatt ranker,' the man who, plucked in ati fexainina tion, joins as a private and UseB family influence to get any promotion going1, chances which should go to the real ' ranker.' Mr. John Farrell, whose volume of poems, now out of print, is to be shortly republished, with ad ditions, by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, has issued his fine Record Reign poem, which appeared in the ' Daily Telegraph' under the title of ' Ave Ipiperatrix,' in milch revised and further im proved shape as ' Australia to England.'- 'they are fine, manly, honest, and poetic lines. MfeSsrS. Angus and Robertson have produced them afed dainty booklet, in an envelope ready for posting, at Is. ' The Romance of Isabel Lady Burton ' is having a run at Messrs. Angus and Robertson's Book Club, and is in its second edition in England. It is a good antidote, this life of a good woman, to the splenetic ' True Life of Captain Burton,' in which she was recently so bitterly slandered. From the ' Unicorn Press,' London, come two new serial publications—' The Dome, , a quarterly, containing, examples of ..all the arts,' published at Is; and the ' New Century, .Review, a monthly international journal .of literature, . politics, religion, and Sociology,' published at 6d. The ' Dome ' is a daintily got up magazine, in stiff covers, artistically illustrated. The illustra tions are published all in one part of the publica tion, and there are three musical composi tions — a . pianoforte 1 piece and two songs by Edgardo Levi, musicianly each of them. The literary contents are slight, and of impres sionist type — a ghost story by L. Dougali, a poem by Louis Barsac, another by James Med borough, a bit of graphic word-painting by ?Annie Dawson, and a smart pastoral dialogue, ' Near Nature's Heart,' in which J. E. Wood meald, the clever author of ' Ladv Lohengrin,' tells how a fin de siecle artist and girl poet w$re sent by the critic/j severally to study near nature's heart, and discovered each other in rustic guise. The art contents, besides the excellent reproductions of sketches and engravings, include articles on engravings of the Renaissance, and Sandro Botticelli, and 'The Dome,' too, has a satirical review of itself, in which it says that ' tho pictures might be worse,' but should have been in the centre of their pages, talks of Mr. Wood meald's ' tedious theories of art which made Lady Lohengrin unreadable,' and says the editor evi dently hasn't heard of the 'Kailyard school,' while his failure to provide ah article on The Record &eign; ' smacks of disloyalty.' As for ' The New Centiiry Review,' it has made an excellent begin ing with articles on ' Victorian Statesmen ' by Mr. Justin M'Carthy, 'Tactics' by Major Ormsby- Johnson, 'The Real Sheridan' by Mr Percy Fitzgerald, ' The Men of Cornwall ' by Mi1. Havelock Ellis, 'Utopias' by Sir Lewis Mptirisj fee. Altogether a very sumptuous bill of fare for sixpence, and an excellent attempt to popularise good literature. Mr. William J. Garland, a Public school teacher, has prepared a text book Of ' Materials for Object Lessons,' forwarded us by the publish ers, Messrs. George Robertson and Co. , which should prove useful tb Echool teachers in that it has been specially prepared for Australian chil dren, and deals with Australian subjects. There are illustrated object lessons on Australian trees, plants, and anithals ; oil road- making, dairying, the cultivation of various agricultural staples, the manufacture of leather, tweed, and wine, the treatment of wool. Altogether 41 subjects are treated; and the information contained should lie of the greatest practical value and interest to Australian boys and girls. 'Thfe toiicyclopaedia of Sport' which Messrs. Lawrence &hd; Bullen, Limited, London, are issu-. ing, has reached its 4th part. This partis taken up Chiefly with cricket. There are papers on ' Bat ting ' by Prinfee Ranjitsinhji j on ' Left- handed Batsmeh ' by Mr. F. G. J. Ford, of Stoddart's te∈ ; bh '' Fast Bowling: ' by Tom Richardson, (Who Bays* ' on the extraordinary hard, true wibketfe which prevail ill Australia, the fast bdwiefr caiihot be said to be a great suc cess. ... In England it is a hard task to bdwl out good batsmen, but in Australia the task becouieS . herculean.') ; 'Wicket-keeping' by Mr. it. G* Kemp ; ' Australian Cricket ' by Mr. Jfotd. Apart from Mr. Ford's article there are references to Australian cricket, and, summing up the comparison with English cricket, 'the editor' sayfe : — ' It may be asserted generally that English batsmen, especially on slow and difficult Wickets, are markedly superior to the Australian^ that Australian bowling is slightly better* and Australian fielding and throwing distinctly better than the English, the last two items espe ciallly emphasing the fine qualities of English batsmen. . Each country has undoubtedly learned something from the other.' Mr. Ford considers it remarkable that Australia, from her limited number of players, should be able to put an eleven into the field ' fully capable of holding its own in home and home matches with representa tive teams of England. He praises, too, the ' impartiality and ability of the Australian umpires.' . . An example of artistic printing comes from the firm of John Sands, of George -street, commemo rative of the completion of its first 60 years of exist ence — a long period in colonial history. On the cover are two admirable examples by Mr. Soutar of the new art of decorative oolour poster design ing, and within are portraits of the members of the firm and their chief employees, as well as of the premises in which they started business in 1837\. These are excellent examples of photo en-? graving work by the Electric Photo Engraving Company. ' Cosmos ' foi June contains a portrait of Mrs, Allan Suttor, as well as a story by her, and con* tributions by AgnesMowle,E.M.B., ' Esotericus,' and ' Alison Randwick.' ' Glimpses of Australia,' Messrs. Gordon and Gotch'e scenic publication, is rapidly nearing com pletion. Part 20, to hand, contains pictures of the G.P.O., Queensland wheatfields, South Austra lian and Tasmanian scenery,. Queensland vegeta tion, and Victorian public institutions. The series is to be completed in 24 parts. Mr. Alexander Allen sends ' Fifty Hints for Australian Schoolboys,' a collection of hints and aphorisms, published by Houghton and Co. at Id, the following of which will make them better boys. Mr. Allen has already received large orders from Pub'ie schools. 