Apslej. (From our Correspondent.) . „ r 1 Mkvt. 1 Cricket gave up the ghostfor the season jnst ended hera on Saturday lastj ^ben Mr. A. Johnson, popularly known as" the "Lord Sheffield of the West," brought a fairly strong combination to administer defeat to In* Apeley confreres. The totals were Aftoley, 72; Johnson's team, 6 for HO. Bfownlees 96 and Aseheton£6 were best preformers for the winners, tod' Gray 25 and Whitworth 16 for Apeley. C. Block bowled well for Johnson's team. On the 22nd Jane it has- been decided to hold a grand sports carnival and demon stration, and on the programme wRl be several bicycle races. A'good "scraped hard track will be available on the: cricket oval and some fair prizes will be coffered, so it is to be hoped cyclists will torn "op in force. Particulars trill shortly he advertised. The dry weaihar is causing some un easiness, April having passed over with out bringing the much-looked for down pour. Several light rains have fallen just enough to start the grass; our total, fall for the month being lin. 35 points" against 6in. 18 points'in April, 1896." A very pleasant social- evening took place at the Border Inn on Friday even ing last, when some eighteen or twenty fentlemen met to say good-by to Mr. 'ercy tic-tt, late manager of the Bring albert Estat-, he having received the appointment to a large property in. Northern Queensland. Though sorry to lose Mr. Sc >tt all were glad of his splendid promotion, and providing his health will keep good there is no doubt he will do fall jastice to his new position. Mr. John Laidlew, of Eden hope, has been appointed to the management of Bringalbcrt. The Railway Srostxs.— We would re mind athletes that nominations foe the principal events on the programme for the Railway Sporta to be held on May 21 are due with the Secretary (Mr. A. H. Melbourne) at 8 o'clock to-morrow even ing. While opening toe gates on a railway line a mile from Tamworth (N.S.W.) on Saturday night a gatekeeper Mrs. Winter, failed to get toe gates dear in time. - The engine struck the gate, which knocked the woman down, and inflieted such in juries to the head that she died while be lug taken to e hospital.. 