? For flie extraordinory vacancy in the council for the Woolamhi ridingT it is whispered abroad that the "little grey cap" .will contest the vacant seat If such a thing should come to pass, Mr. Editor, and he be returned, you'will have to enlarge the TIMES to 16 pages every council meeting. Who was the young gentleman while out shooting at French Island came running breathless out of the scrub as white as the ghost of Hamlet's father, and informed his companions than he had just seen a lot of "thin snakes,", whereupon they, arming themselves with stout sticks, quickly proceeded to the spot to find, to their disgust, that someone had been "gutting" rabbits there ? He must have been scottyt without a doubt The young ladies of Cowes are, very _ aimous c to", !mo<ij? pic-nic superintending the erection ' ^ of swings, etc., and otherwise careering round ."like a cat on hot bricks?" Ask the Encyclopedia. Good Heavens! fancy a young man, in this age of enlightenment, taking March flies for mosquitoes and bull- dog ants for bull-frogs at French Island last week. Surely flees must attain the size of elephants in that Island of monstrosities ! . " Things musthave been a bit rough on the " Nancy Lee" last Sundaywhile on her way to Newhaven, as one young man was standing up takipg his coat off ready to " strike out," in case the worst should occur, for dear life. Don't be so H green," dear boy, and after a few more trips you will get hughes to it A 100 yards was run in the quickest time on recoid at Newhaven during the week by a •• young man from the land of kilts"—two dead snakes being the starters. ' There are rumors afloat that a certain San Remo gentleman- has tumbled into a fortune (?}, and is so highly elated that he is going to treat a few of his friends to a trif» round the globe (the one m use in the State "school, we presume). A. "chuck in*'for them, 1*1! allow you that What price the clever (?) gent, when ordered to put the fenders on the steamer out on the starboard side ^sticking them out on the port side? George, dear bo}-, look to your laurels, or vour occupation, like Othello's, will soon be gone. ^ "V 