A Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A KEPORTER. The Interesting Case or Nn. Thomas Jarvis, who rays that a tew weeks aqo np, was CuirPLKD — Partially Paralyzed, Suffehino from Locomotor Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and every one said he But they were mistaken. To-day he m a New Man, rum. of Life and Energy, his Crutches he hah Thrown away, his Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Returned, and, in fact, hp. has a New Lease of Lipe Out and Out. So muoh interest has beon shown by our readers in tbis marvellous caso that wo have published tho facts again as thoy appeared in tho ylusfralum Workman a fow weeks ago Ono afternoon our reprcsontativo mado his way to tho homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face doolared him to bo ono of tho happiest mon in Sydnoy. Ho was up and about and ablo to answor tho knock at tho door. In roply to tho preliminary questions, ho said : " You want to know all about my caso ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. Tbo faots may bo of valuo to- thoso who aro strlokon as I was." "How long woro you suffering ?" ' "Well, twolvo months ago I got so bad that I bad to lcavo off work, and I havo done nothing einoa thon. About fivo years ago, noxt Christmas, I mot with an accident. I was badly soaldcd while taking . a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Sineo the oceidont I have been in falling health, and after foar years of gradual development of the malady I was forood to givo up my billot at the Globe Island." " What woro tho symptoms ?" "Simply indosoribablo. Tho pains woro something terrible. Thoy were just about as muoh as I could bear. Thoy wore for all tho world liko as if a saw woro cutting my bones in two in overy part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisanco to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could noithor cat or Bleep. On tho 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told mo that my caso was utterly hopeless. However, ho gavo mo an order to the Dirootor of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of tho order?" "No; I camo home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sinco. Fivo weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in faot, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of deys when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to case tho agony I was in. I was under him for fivo or six weeks. He came to tbo conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peouliar disturbances of gait and difficulty In co- ordinating voluntary move ments. Ho told mo that I might lost for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at on idea conveyed by tho adver tisement dcsorlbing tho cure effected in the caso of another boilor-mokor In England, whioh I read in tho dustraliaiv Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in tho advertisement of a caso whioh seemed to fit my own. I determined to givo the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effeot was as marvellous as it was magical. I was ablo to cat and . sleep as though nothing was tho mattor with me. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left- the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tho past four weoks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with tho aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recover- those orutchos hero? They wero mado for mo before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to uso tbem, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stiek, and I bopo soon to do without it. You seo I am rapidly regaining my streogth." "Ho is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarris, who had come in and taken the baby on hor knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of.bim." A friend who called In at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "havo a aold bath, and all the feeling has oome back in my legs. If I keep ongolngthe way lam, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know I bavo to be in the vory pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any timo during tho past five years. I ascribe all the change and benofit to these Pink Pills. They have saved ?uy life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a hew man. On tbo mantelpiece thero is a' box of opium and. njorphia pills Whioh the doctor gqve me to doqden tho excruciating pain. Hnl ihav nnn fltnv where thnv ere. fnr I nn longer need them Everybody who knows mb has been atqaaed at (ho ohange in mo. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Suoh is tho remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all tho chief newspapers of this country of tho astonishing euros wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal discoso, also ,tho many disorders whioh arise from an impoverished state of tbo blood, such as anosmia, polo and s&Uow; oomploxion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breadth, painB in the back, nervous head- aohe, <ko. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They aro gonuino only with tho full namo, Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills for Palo People, and aro sold by ohemists and storekeepers gener ally, or tho Dr. Williams' Modlaino Company, Queen's Place, Sydnoy, will forward on receipt of stamps or pest order ono box for 2s 9d, or tmlf-dozen for 14s 9d. 