A DAY’S JOUEffi. A bitter February day. Not a plea Bant day to travel in by any means; but \- then Lettice Mainwaring •was one of tbe sort that makes the best of everything. “ It’s a long distance over the hills, miss,” said the wife of the landlord of the little one-story tavern that was perched on the crest of the highway, “and the snow’s powerful deep.” “ I think a winter landscape is the prettiest thing in the world,” said Let tiee, cheerily, as she wound her fur boa around and around her heck. “And old Stokes's stage is awful un comfortable,” added the landlady. “I like stage ridiug,” asserted Lctty. “You’ll not get there till dark.” “Oh, that is sooner than I expected.” And Letty climbed up into the stage • coach, which stood creaking and. groan ing at the door, having just rumbled up from the next village, a mile or so down the hill. One solitary passenger occupied the opposite corner—a tall, dark man. with a Spanish sort of complexion, and clear dark eyes, who wore an odd sort of • ’ olLvo-irroen V-lon k or mantle, heavily trimmed with, sable furs. He nodded bric-dy in return to hot tv’s smiling .re t cognition. Our little heroine would have talked with a polar bear, laid a polar bear chanced to he her travelling companion. t Lettice arranged her furs and her bas ket. .and her bonnet: strings, and won dered secretly how far the tall man was going. “Can I bo of any assistance to you?” courteously queried the gentleman, as Letty searched in the straw at her foot for a dropped glove. “Thanks—no.” said Letty.’coming up agaiu with red cheeks aud curls a little dishevelled. "Are you going all the way through?” “As far .as the stage goes—yes.” “Oh.” said Miss Maimvariug. “so am L” The gentleman nodded interrogative ly and went back to his paper. “Cross thing!” thought Letty. invol untarily pouting her cherry lips. “Why can’t lie talk aud make himself agree able? and lie knows very well that we are to be shut here together for eight long hours.’.’ But the wild, mountainous Iaudscape, ns it flitted by. while gleaming with snow, and darkly fringed with the wav ing of hemlock boughs and solemn cres ted pines was, after all. nearly as good a. study as the human face divine,” and Letty soon forgot her temporary annoy ance and chagrin in the white skeleton like walls of a. deserted old paper mill long since disused and fallen to ruin. “I wonder if it is haunted?” said she, aloud. The stranger smiled, aud laid down his paper. “Do you believe iu such things?” he asked. Lettice Mainwaring laughed and co lored. “Of course not: and yet—are you much acquainted in this region of the coun try?” “I have lived hereabout a good deal.” “Oh! Oh! Then perhaps you know Easterham Hall?” His face brightened. “Oh. yes! You are gong there?” “Yes. I am to be governess to tbe little children,” said. Letty, making haste to enlighten him as to her true ■ position in order that he should fully comprehend that she was no elegant young lady coming to the hall to make a visit, but a bumble little working being, who was obliged to toil’Stead fastly for the daily bread sinuate. “Indeed!” he said. And Letty was vexed at herself for noticing the polite indifference into which his tone subsided. “I suppose it is a vein- flue old place,” sbe went on. “Very—for those who fancy ’'line old places.” To my taste they are apt to be overrun with rats, full of drafts and pic turesquely inconvenient.” “And haunted, perhaps?” mis chievously put in Lettice. the roguish sparkles coming back to ber eyes. “So far as I know, Easterham Hall is free from any supernatural occupants.” “I am sorry for that,” said Lettice. He arched his eyebrows. “Yon would like to share your room .with a ghost or turn?” “No; but I do like a little tinge of romance about the place—something to set it a little above and beyond tbe level of tbe commonplace.” He did not answer, and talkative Letty once more set. tbe conversational ball rolling. “The Easterhams are very rich, I sup "Ycs.” “I never heard of them until last week,” she said, musingly; “aud now— ■ how strnngelythings are ordered in this world!—I am going to cast in. my lot among them.” “How does that happen?” said the gentleman. He could not very well say less in ordinary politeness, and yet Letty felt triumphantly that she had “drawn him out.” ■ “They wrote to Mine. Moligny, my old teacher, to select a governess quali fied to tench two little boys, and madaine knew that I wished for a situation, and so here I am. I wonder how they will like me?” “I hope you will like them,” said the 7 gentleman. “That isn’t the question,” Letty cor rected, imperatively. “Mr Easterham is a dreadful bear.” “You are acquainted with hiin?” ■ “Oh, no: only what I have heard!” answered Letty. “And what may that be?” “You are a neighbor,” said Letty doubtfully. “Perhaps I have said too much already.” Ho laughed with more animation than she had yet seen in his manner. “Depend upon it, I shall not betray you to Mr Easterham. So he is a. bear? Well, T 'ha ve thought so sometimes my self.” “But he wou’t bite me if I am a good girl and do my duty to the little ones, and they tell me they are very nice boys.” persisted Lettice. “They are very like tlieir father, I believe.” “Oil,” said Lettice, laughing, “I can tame young bears; it is only the full grown specimen with sharp teeth and long claws I am afraid of. Only think,” and a demure.- apprehensive expression came over Lctty’s round, blooming countenance, ‘?Jie goes all around the house all day long, and never says a word to any one.” “He must he savage, indeed,” ob served the gentleman. “And Miss Electa Easterham. the old maid aunt who keeps house for him. has quarrelled successively with every governess they have had,” wont on Letty. patting her little foot on the rustling straw on the stage door, but she shall not quarrel with uic. 1 won't let her. I am too good natured and too accustomed to humoring people, especi ally old ones. Mine. Moligny wrote me that she disliked young and pretty governesses particularly. Now. I’m not voung—not very yonnsr. vou see.” “No?” “I was twenty last week.” said Letty. solemnly, “and I am not pretty enough to disturb her mind. I am only toler ably decent-looking. Now, if madame bad selected Olive Dayton, who used to be U). the so-**• ■’•Vss with me—she was a regular beauty, with groat shady eyes r aud a complexion all pearls and roses— I there would have been danger then:” / The stranger began to loot inter- J ested. “Tell me more about your school,” said he. “I have a sister whom I think of placing in some desirable institution, and I should like to .iudge whether your Mmc. Moligny’s would be a good home for her." Petty's eyes brightened, her cheeks reddened, and her little tongue was un loosed at once. Her travelling com panion was so social and chatty, and the time fleeted swiftly away. “You are going?” she cried, as at a lonely inn. overshadowed with silver stemmed birches and funereal spruce woods, a light sleigh drawn by two milk white horses was waiting. “I have readied the end of my jour ney,” lie said, courteously touching his fur cap. "I had intended to keep on to the end of the route, but I see they have sent to meet me here. I wish you every success and happiness in your bear taming.” And as the sleigh bells jingled away. Lotty felt herself flushing deeply. “I;m afraid I have been talking too much,” thought Petty;. ‘but what is a bod> to do, sin'll .yip nil day in a, stage, coach with a conversable gentleman?” Aud the rest of Miss Mainwaring’s journey was just a little tedious. It was dusk when they arrived at Easterham Hall—a snowy, chill dusk l which made the glow of lights through i scarlet moreen curtains and the coral shine of a great wood fire iu a stone paved hall, as seen through the half opened-door, most delightful and wel come. Aunt Electa, a tall, priui old lady, in snowy cap. ribbons, and a brown satin dress, stood ready to welcome her, and just behind -her Lotty saw a tall gentle man with two little boys clinging about him. "This is my nephew. Philip,” the old lady said, and Petty felt as if the blood in lier veins was turning to fire as sbe recognised—her travelling companion of the day. “Do I look very much like a bear. Miss Maiiiwariug?” he asked, laughing, as she stood trembling and tongue tied before him. “Mo. don't, color. I promise yon to allow myself to become very tamable. And you must not cry. cither.” as the rears came into Potty's eyes. “There's nothing for you to cry for.” “Why didn't you tell me who you were?” she asked, piteously. “Because you never asked me.” Petty resolved within herself that she would leave Easterliam the very next day. But she didn't keep her resolu tion. At the year's end she had neither Quarrelled with Aunt Electa nor Mr Easterham. and the little boys thought “Miss Petty” was perfection. So did their father. “Petty,” said he. “the year for which I engaged you is over.” “Yes.” she responded, softly. “Will you stay another year? Will you stay with me always. Letty?” And so, within the yellow shine of a wedding ring. Petty found herself a prisoner forever at Easterham HaiL— | “Chicago Press.” 