GERMAN JOE. Skirting t.iio sw.-uup uinl llio tangled scrub, Tr:iiti|Mji^ ami luniin^ miiid&i.; llic tic^s, Carrynolliin^ but bhuikols ami grub, Cureless of pleasure siml health ;unJ oaro, Hilher and iliithor with never a y-ml, Heavy, ami solemn, and slill, and slow, .Sucking a track and a lonjj-losl. line, i •Klnzeil avay to thot lead 4it mine.''— Kestless and rickety Uenmui Joe. Down in Ihe gnlly ami up the rnnsc. Slung by Uie pilu am] the hate-hut, sun. Never a j^reclhigW) give in change, Never a lip i'rom the nearest run,— Seeking a guide to a golden hule, JyOol in the June hm<1 lung ago. heft in Ihe keep n! Ihe hills ami tree*; Jealous lo have and to hold are these. Hope you may get it. though, G'emian Joe. ' liikely old yarn for a lior.se marine ! Si ruck it, you hay, at the river head— liaek where the bellowing hunyip's ween. Out beyond everywhere—rich ami red ; Left il for tucker, ami Inst the track, Ulazed lill yiiuriu-mcouldti'ifilriuca blow ; Gravel thai gieams with the goldenkUi<L Nuggets • shust like as der plums in dufl'i'— What are yuu giving us, Ucfinau Joe !' 4 lila/.c Yes: you strike for the Granite Stair, Make to the left when you cross the creek, South till you meet wilh a monkey bear, Tramp iu his tracks for about a week ; Then you can travel the sky-lino back. So long, old chap, if you're bound lo go. Don't you forget when you're rich and great Who laid you on to the lost load, male,— Alad as a halter is CSenuan Joe.' Laugh as tbey may. they will bland his friends. Uighl as the rain when the old man lakes Down to bis bunk in the hut, and spends Seven weeks lighting the fever and shakes. Muliering still of his lucky lead : • Vhispur—1 leds you all in der know. Den you pe richer inn' as der panic* Hoys, he's a man if lie is a crank— Whisky and phy⁣ for German Joe. Xnw he's abroad in a wild dream-land, Having his breast to the river breeze— Out where the roel;-ribl>ed ridges stand. Telling his tale to the secret trees. Swift as ihe shadows his visions glide Over the plains where the mad winds blow. Cover his face now, ami carve a stone, Henceforth his spirit must seek alone— Dead as door-nail is German Joe. llusliiucu liave yarned of a ghost that went Mazing a J ruck from the Granite Stair Down lo a shaft and a tailored tent, Many days' journey from anywhere. Others have said Hint the buslnucn lied. Liars or not. it is true, we know, Mou have discovered a golden mine Out in the track of an old blazed line, Ijcd by the spirit of German Joe. EDWARD DVSON. 