CHAPTER XXIII. THE SECRET PASSAGE. “ It will go hard with mo if I foil to find sonio loop-hole,” ho had said ; but search and gropo as ho might, no loop-hole could be found. And at last, after tumbling and falling and bruising his hands against tho thick •valis, he had given over, and sat down in utter despair. The walls were solid, and ■hero was no sign of door or window, the •nly ogress boing the closed trap door fat How many days and nights had gone oy ho could not toll—an etornity it wemed. He was growing alarmingly weak from hunger, and a fierce pain, produced by the dampness, racked his There was but one hope for him, tho lope of death ; and tho sooner it came nid released him from his agony, tho And yet it was hard to die thus, in the ory prime of his manhood ; to lie there •nd starve and rot in tho darkness, and ho world nevor know aught of his 'nte ! IIo bowed his burning temples on Ilia insped hands, and a great sob of pain od despair shook him. tfhe would live, re only woman he adored, and smile in sr ineffable loveliness, andgive her sweet • vo Kisses to some happy lover, while lie aould lie there unlaniented, and perhaps liremembored. The thought was very His bowed head fell lower,and sob after sob shook the strongman until he trembled like a reed. “ Heaven have mercy_ oil mo,” ho groaned aloud, “and if f am to drink this bitter cup, let me drain it quickly!” Something liko the sound of a human voice answered him—a strange, hollow sound that sonned to issue from the solid floor beneath him. Ambrose started to his feet, flic per spiration breaking out upon him in cold drops, his eyes glaring into tho thick, black gloom. “ What was that ?” he demanded. The hollow sound was repeated, and after it came a succession of taps. Tho young man stood and listened, the im penetrable darkness all about him. “ What’s that ?” he again demanded, tho tremor of a great horror running through his voice. Tiie rapping grew louder, n rasping sort of crash followed, and then some subtle instinct warned Ambrose that he was no longor alone! Some living creature •vas near him. Never till his dying day did the young nail forget the sensations of that moment. horror that was unutterable fell upon iim,aud tin; very hair on his head seemed :o rise. What presence was it t hat lie felt 10 near him ? J!y a great effort ho com nc.vJed his voice. ” In Heaven’s name, what are you?"ho A (oft s'op struck the damp floor. ‘ Von are there, arc you ?” answered a feasant voice,; “and ip utter darkness, no! Why, where's your lantern ? Put ut by the foul air, though, of course. S’liew ! what a stencil, am- dark as Irebus! One might as will step into a r‘iVB Yqij’ye found the tl“e tedious, fio doubt, and I couldn’t get hero oho minute .sooner.1’ “In Heaven’s name, who are you!” again demanded Ambrose. “Who am I? Well, King Lear, at your sorvico, as I told you once before. I’ve not forgotten you, Mr. Gerhart; I knew you iu an instant. Your face is a very striking one. I saw you when you went down, and I should havo stopped you, but I was curious to see what you were after. I didn’t think a soul but my self know of that secret passage from the death-room. IIow came you by your knowledge, and what took you down here “ Ko matter now,” exclaimed Ambrose. ‘ If you aro a human creature like my self help me, I beg, to get out of this hor rible pit.” A peal of mirthful laughter filled the vault with weird echoes. “A human creaturo? Indeed I am. Did you take me for a ghost ? I’ll wager iny head you did now. Ha, ha, ha! A fine joke that. No, young man, I’m not a ghost as yet; I’m good for a dozen years to come, if I don't lose my breath before wo're out of this. Oome, now, givo mo you baud ; it is time we wore moving.” The touch of human fingers thrilled over nerve in Ambrose Gerhart’s body with delight. “ Heaven bless you, you aro human !” bo cried, clasping and holding the hand that had sought his in the darkness, “and you have come to set mo froo.” “Precisely, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happened to soo you, for no other man alive, I take it, knows the secret of tho underground ontranco. Come, now, hero we are ! Softly, softly, stop by step. We aro going down, you soe. Wo shall get a firm footing pre sently. If we only had a light.” Ambrose permitted himself to be led on to a sort of aperturo in tho floor, from which a few steps led downward to aomo subterranean chamber even darker and closer than tho one they had loft. “ Here we are,” said his companion, as their feet touched tho ground. “Now all you have to do is to follow mo. Tho , tunnel is straight and safe, but it i3 very tedious. You’ll fancy yourself nearing the neighborhood of London before you omergn into tho daylight. Once out of this scrape I’d advise you to keep out, for you have had a narrow escape. If tho question is fair, young man, what did bring you down here ?” “ Tlio question is fair enough. I cams down in search of the Mystery' of the Black Hollow Grange, and I found it, King Lear wheeled round and faced I him in the narrow way. “ What do you mean?” ho demanded ; “ What have you discovered ?” “ Lead on," answered Ambrose, feel ing for tho yollow roll in his brea3t. “As soon as we strike daylight you Bhall know. You forgot that I have been without food or drink for—Heaven only knows how long. In a few min utes more my strength will give In silenco tho two pursued their way through the black, underground tunnel. A violent thunder Btorin and the sum mor day- closing in. Sir Horry Trcshnm, sitting in his saddle on the lotto heath, hod his first sight of tho Black Hollow Grange. Since Ilia boy'hood he had heard of it and of its mystery, and now for the first time his eyes behold it. “ And that’s the Haunted Manor 1 What a ghostly old place ! And to think that Miss Trevethon ventured to come hero alone. No wonder she was fright ened. Of courso there’s nothing under the black turrets worse than bats and ruts, but it 13 rather a forlorn old nest to look at. One wouldn’t quite fancy sleep ing there such a night as this, with this 1 confounded storm about his ears. I’ll ! defer my investigations till to-morrow, iland seok shelter in some adjacent inn. To-morrow I’ll tnako a fresh start, and if thero’s a ghost on tho premises, 1 11 make his acquaintance. Miss Trovothon’s mind shall be set at rest. Softly' now, Itatt But Rattler would not bo Boothed. The thunder peal that shook tho hills, and immediately' succeeding a lurid blaze of lightning, made him cower and tremble benoath hi3 rider. In tho next breath, with distended nostrils and flattened ears, he throw up his head, and darted off at a mad gallop.. “ Rattler, softly now,” coaxed Sir Harry, vainly tugging at tho bit. The horse flew on as if he had gone mad. Across tho grounds, through the black hollow, and sneer down the rocky ieacont. Tho wind took Sir Harry’s hat and whirled it away ; the lightning flashed in iiis eyes, the thunder deafened him. And on went the tenified horse, defying rein or curb. They made the dangerous descent, and the' rider had kept his seat ; but just beyond tho moor thero roso a rocky ledge. Rattler leaped over it like a whirlwind, and Sir Henry was whirled over Rattler's head, striking the hard earth beyond so violently that he lay tlioro motionle33. The horse flew on ncro33 the windy moors, utterly regard less of the fallen rider. (To be continued.) 