The Ghost Laid. ~ But we left her down by the river harassed by aoubt. Often she had doubted since it was done whether it had been wise. Often her sad moods had brought a cloud to her lover's face. But his love was strong and true and tender, and he had borne all her moods uncomplain ingly, refraining from caress or love words because he knew Helen was not yet able to bear them. _ . . ? T,hat evening he waited patiently tor ner coming, and at last he went to meet her. To his dismay he saw the old shadow on her face, deeper and darker than usual. ' Are you ill, Helen ?' he said. ? 'No,' she said curtly, .'but I've Been a S 'A ghost?' he said incredulously. He knew she was not superstitious. ' ' Yes, a ghost from the past, ' she answered. ' I said a ghost,' she said emphatically. ' I don't mean a flesh and blood vision. Here, take the ring back,' and she drew it off her hand, 'how can I marry you when the memory of that other, married— you under stand,' with a bitter little laugh, 'married- can affect me so.' ' 'Helen, oh Helen!' he said, 'have I not been patient? I though tyou were learning to love me,- and now ? ' With a groan that was almost a sob he broke off and covered his face from her sight It might be there were tears in his eyes. ', Helen was seized with remorse. In dwell ing on her own feelings she had forgotten his, and the depths of her selfishness humbled her as she thought of it. She slipped the ring back on the finger and went closer to Harry. 'Harry,' she said, humbly, i am non worthy of your love., Forgive me, dear. ' . She laid her hand on his arm, and at the little soft touch and the tender unaccustomed epithet 'Dear' from her lips a tide of joy swept the dark cloud of sorrow away. 'Sweetheart ! my sweetheart 1' he said, and drew her to him, and as her lips were raised to him for the first time voluntarily, Harry Melford knew that his great love had conquered and that this time the ghost was r6Tlie g'iris did meet Mr. Melford, after all. Helen's anger died away, and, besides, it waB almoBt impossible to avoid meeting her friends in that little town. When theydid meet him the same simple manliness that had. won Helen's trust appealed to these city girlB1 reason, perhaps made more reasonable by Helen's vigorous defence. , ?. Helen herself found that as she knew hjm and understood him better she gave him more reBpect and more trust. Even to her own heart she did not acknowledge she loved him, though. The courtship was singularly free from the lavish caresses and passionate love words whioh cbirapteriBes most -:olomal -wooing. Nofc that -Harry jMelfbrd was either, eold-natured1 or 'plileghifttioi He was to !trua ,:::A,i^;:£?i3y;via^i&'??i:-:^ i~A-&'[ ?.'?-::?'. -????;?'?:.?'. ~?jfVl«, Boa of our sunny south land, ardent and impulsive as others. But he bad that rare un BelHshness which thought of the woman first, and he guessed that Helen's love was not yet strong enough to bear such displays of his love as he would like to have made. Another year sped by, and now Helen was deep in pre parations, for her wedding. One evening in early September a pile of letters was brought in from the post, but Helen gotmany|of these winged messages now and bo did not look through the mail for a time. When she did she came to an envelope with writing on it that directly she saw sent the blood from her face, and made her Bhake as with ague. Several notes in that graceful handwriting had once lain amone her most treasured possessions, but they were burned Ions ago. She sat and Blared at the envelope, afraid to open it» and her heart beating to suffooation. At last she mut tered 'How stupid I am 1' broke the seal and read the following epistle :— 'City, 17/9/18; 'My darling Helen— At last lean write, my darling. iVs what you have ever been from the moment I saw you first. According to all worldly etiquette I should be mourning bitterly, for I have but a month since buried my wife. I am only a man after all, and so my heart refuses to do anything but sing and rejoice in its freedom. Yet my wife is dead and cold ; a good little wife she has been to me, true and kind, and our brief married life has been marred by no clouds. I think she ? never guessed she held but a second place in my heart. I guarded my secret weU, but Helen ! Helen ! Helen ! enshrined in its deepest recess your image has ever been, and now tliat I realise I am free to ask for your own beloved self I am half delirious with joy. For Helen, I know you loved me then, and I think you are not one to change ; so I am sure you are Helen Pierson stilL Beloved, may I come to you ? Will you be my precious wife, worshipped as few wives are worshipped? VTrite at once- and tell me, darling, that i may have the bliss of seeing you, of calling yoa mine. ' Yours, with fervent love, 'Philip Beaufort.' And Helen's first feeling was indignation! The scales had been dropping from her eyes for many months past, as she contrasted the two men,, and this letter seemed to bo the finish. All her finer feelings seemed utterly out raged. That he had loved her all through was no merit in. her eyes ; indeed she felt insulted.' And to think he had been so sure of her wait icg. And the thought was followed by another, an appalling one, 'Did ho think she was waiting for his wife'sdeath ?' Helen bent her head and kissed the plain gold circlet which was on her left hand. What a feeling of safety it brought her. Anagitatednightsbe bad, and the outcome of it was a telegram to Harry Melford — 'I want you particularly. Can you come!' Come! Ay, from the Pole had he been there. So one evening's train brought him to her side, and after she had given him tea and her mother had retired to another room, she brought him the letter, and, with rather a tremulous voice, said — ' Harry, this 13 why I Bent for you. Please read it.' And ho took the open sheet, with a laugh, and said 'Why, Helen, is it so important?' But the laugh died, and his face changed as by magic as he read the tirst line. Before he finished it the big drops stood on his fore head and his face looked lined and old. 'Would to heaven I had never met you, Helen,' he said. ' Better never to have seen you than lose you thus,' aud his head went down on the table aud perfect silence reigned in the little room. Helen opened her eyes in dismayed surprise. She had looked for re proaches, pleadings, arguings, but not Buch complete unselfish renunciation of his claims as this. This was a man indeed. Did she deserve such a noble heart ? ' ' Harry !' said a voice soft and eweet. He never moved. 'Harry!' again, pleadingly; and a pair of arms stole round his neck, and a pair of lips touched his hair. He scarcely breathed, fearing to disturb that blissful ex perience. ' Harry ! Do you think I was so wicked as to send for you to make you miserable ''' Aud this time, his fears and doubts all swept away, Harry Melford raised his head, and ' Helen, really ?' he asked, with such a light in his eyes. 'Yes, really,' she said, with an unwonted glow on her cheeks. What the ' really' meant we leave you to guess, but it was entirely satisfactory to Harry, for ho opened his arms with au entreaty on his face, and Helen went slowly into their circle, and the brown head found its proper resting-place on the heart of a noble, true-hearted 'Country Glown.' And there let us leave her. 