Record of Imposture. Year of False Christs. The yenr 1896 will probably (says an English newspaper) be put down in history as remarkable for its immenso crop of spiritual healers, prophets, and incssinhs. Though tlio prompt discredit cast upon professedly miraculous work in this country, 'as recently manifested iu Glasgow and in Wales, has discouraged imposturo hero, it has been otherwiso in other countries, notably France and the United States. In tho latter country especially men and women who claim to possess divine power linvo appeared in dozens during the past few months. They have sprung from nil classes of society, aud while some have been elinralatnns of the blackest typo, workers, who really belioved in thoir own powers and in a " heavensent mission," have been plentiful enough to put tho stamp of legitimacy on the general movement. Tho Biblical injunction relative to the coming of a Messiah has been played upon by tho charlatans with varying success for ages. Tlicro hnvo been many pretenders, but never such a multitude as at present. Schlatter, who gained more followers than any of his contemporaries, dis appeared iu tho midst of his success — ran away from his fnino, and has not heen heard of since; Huntsman, tho " Modern Christ," still leads tho Angel Dancors in New Jersey ; Dr. Cyrus Teed was at last accounts exerting un iron rale over the " ICorcsluras " on Estero Island, Florida; Ferdinand Stutzke is yet fondly hoping that somo of his unfulfilled prophecies will come to pass; W. E. Hammond is /'healing by the spirit aid;" ltogors, of bogus Bible fame, seems to be merely lying iu wait for another opportunity to lead his black followers heavenward ; and Snnd- l'ord still conducts his ' ' Holy Ghost and Us Bible School" in Maine. In addition to the nbovo, there havo heen Bedwurd, tho Black Prophet ; Mdllc. Coucsdon, who claimed to bo tho mouthpiece of tho Angel Gnbriol, nnd was exposed ns a fraud after Zola hud been hood- winked into interviewing her; Dr.Dorvin, who sold " Heaven Sent Ointment Vignos, tho Swiss peasant, who was reported to have effected some wonderful cures liy tho " laying on of bauds " ; Dr. John S. Willotts, who bequeathed liis prophetic powers to Dodgers ; Dolores Luiz, the " Vision-seeing Maiden of Tohasco " ; Lidn Jfelson, the visionary, of Pleasant Valloy, Ind. ; Bradley Newell, who wont to England, hut failed in his intention to convert the Prince of "Wales; Bill J'nmos, tho Indian, healer, whose patients nil belong to tho Puynlinp tribe; George Clark, who eoulcl linvo made more objections to political measures than any other ton members; Munloy '.Kawson, Albert Lnrruboo, l'nulin Delpont, tlio French hoy prophet, Professor Znckc Slmvno, anil August Schradcr. As can bo scon from tbo foregoing, ..neither age, re ligion, colour, race, nor. nationality has been n bar to tlio. aspirations of these, pooplo.- Teed, who was for merly known, as tlio, " Chicago Christ," hns become au nbsoluto monarch iu a snfull wuy. To his followers he is a voilcd prophet, and is the iiinstor as well as tho lord of his people. He owns Estero Island, in Loo county, Florida. Thu inhabitants nro known us " Koro- sliiuis;" bis mansion is named "Botli- .Ophpah," and his consort, who, by tho way, left hor former hitsbuud to hucomo queen of tlio colony, is known as " Vic toria Gratia IToresii." To be a Korcsknu means degrading slavery as far as tho subject is eouccrncd. Every per son who joins the sect is required to sign over body and soul to tlioliigh priest, who must henceforth bo regarded as thonetual incarnation of Jesus Christ. Teed is supposed to bo ablo to creuto or destroy nt will, and the two laws of tho island — worship of Toed ns God, and blind obedioneo to his will — aro never departed from by tlio inhabitants. Thoro is no marrying iu tho civilised sense' of tho word, uud ull children born into tbo colony aro taught to beliovo that .Teod is thoir father. Toed claims to be a healer, and says ho can perform any of tho Biblical miracles. The ecunomio feature's of tho island nro well conducted, and a manu facturing plunt .aud two . uuwspapers, tho Flaming Sword and tho- Pruning Shears, are enrried on. Teod says lie is soon to ascoiul to heaven, und is ovon now said to bo propnring for his trip to the "Now Jerusalem," whence he will conduct the nifnirs of his colony at long range. Meantime his followers, man, wonuiu, nnd child, work in tho field whether fitted for the occupation or not, aud gi'oan and hope for tho deliverance which thoy aro told is vory near. On tho other blind, tho " Lord's Farm," which eoutaius tho congregation of tlio " Church of the Living God," presents tho ques tion of mi existing Messiah from an entirely different point of view. It has been subjected to any amount of news paper and individual abuse, yet it thrives and gradually ucquircs now adherents. It is situated near AVood- cliffe, N.J., and is presided over by tbo "Man Christ," whose 'namo has beon successively Mason ' T, Huntsman, Huntsmeu Mnason, and P. B, Mnuson. Tho present spoiling of tho name, par ticularly the initials "P.B.," is said to have a Biblical, or at least a mythologi cal significance. This sect practises no ceremonial observances. Not oven Sun day is recognised. Every dny is supposed to be a Sabbath. Tho sect now owns the farm which once belonged to Her man Storms. Ho is now a nonentity in tho sect, and lias had all of his protesta tions against the doings of tho members overruled. Ho is vory old. His family believes implicitly iu Mnason. One of the sons is n llutgors Col lege graduate, and a civil engineer. Tho' colony numbers 15 men and women. ' Unceasing submission to God," nnd the " continual casting out of the devil" nro tho principal tenets of tho faitli. At times, liowovcr, this bceomcs troublesome, inasmuch as tho devil may get into tho food, which must he destroyed, or into the room, from whieh he must bedriven, tliedriving being performed by means of a sheet which tho members catch, nnd stretch across tho room as thoy walk towards tho door. This, of course, is only a now form of exorcism adapted to fit tlio ideas of thoso modern adepts. Mnason also contends thnt ho is ublc to heal by the laying on of hands, but regards it as a subordinate office seldom worthy of practice. He is n man of striking appearance, of great magnetic powor, and zealous in tho performance of his queer religious duties, yet by his own word ho once belonged to u certain class of criminals oporatiugiu New York city. Alexander Bedward, tlie negro who blessed the waters of Hopo River, in the West Indies aud had thousands of followers, was once the inranto of un insane usylii'm. He was also sentenced to two years in prison for using " highly seditious language." He escaped, how ever, on a technicality, and is rapidly growing rieli on tlio proceeds of his scheme. Boiug the " prophet of the most high,'' ho claimed to make tlio waters of tho river healing through tho efficacy of prayer. Thousands of nogroes bathed in tho streuni. Tlio sick, the well, tho halt and tlio blind nil fought for a place to bathe, und it is said that tho general mixiug up lias caused tho pro pagation of much disease. Tho wjitor, however, remained blessed only wliilo Bedward stood by. When ho went awny its healing power went with him. This plan enabled him to collect a new fee every time lie came. 