IN THE APACHE PASS. . 11 Take a tight on thtt crow, tor, to then look Tertloilly down to where the grey moaii- toios fringe the horizon, en1 yelliee Apache Past. It's bub ft dim black tine, as yell note. Praps ye may not tee lb at ell. Bub lean tee it, tor, an1 there's never a time, even in the blackest night, when I eannot. For I, tor, am the only survivor of K r Troop of our regiment that was wiped out there, barrin' me, of couree, by tiie Apaches in '68." 44 Pes, I've heard about that," I answered. 11 Most every one bat," taid the sergeant, tantentioosly. 11 But 111 tell you a story about that fight, tor, that I've never told to mortal man before— on' Pre never told it before because it-hat always teemed to me like a secret that was known only to God an' me, poor sinner that I am. But I'm growing old, an as all the parties to it but myself are dud an' almost - forgotten, I'll tell it to you, while I rest ft bit," The old sergeant stopped hoeing potatoes, lit his pipe and tat down on an empty cracker box. He was 44 the character " of the post, and of the regiment for th«t matter. A soldier in the old army," before the late war, he had fought throughout the Rebellion, and had served afterwards on the plains until ago had tendered him almost useless and had compelled his retirement on a pension. It had been pro posed to send him to a 44 soldier's horns," bub 41 thim places," he would say, wheu the projeot was disenssed, 41 is for the volunteers, not fer the regulars. I'm going to stay with the regi ment, wbieh is me father an' me mother an' mo wifa an'chllder an' all I have in the world, The old troop needs a gard'ner an' . I can be that ror many a year. "With yes I'll stay, till ye (ire a volley over me last bank." And so he did. 4I. As I said before," resumed the sergeant, 44 it was in '68, an' the Apaehes owned the earth, or at least this God-forsaken psrt of it, an' the way they carried on was outrageous, It wasn't an outbreak,' as they say nowadays. They was simply always 4 out.' You could travel a hundred miles without seeing a one of them, if tUey didn't want to be seen. An' yet, most overy step of the way, if yo'd happen to I'row a stone to the right or left of the line of march, ye'd como pretty near to bittin oue of the fiends. 44 Well, 4 K ' troop, an I in it, wsb movin' south with the intention of locatin' a post down on the Mexican frontiei? We weren't bun tin' Apaches. There was no need of that in those days. They did the huntin'. On the con- thrary we kept our eyes peeled pretty well, both day an' night, for we had with us the captain's young wife, as pretty a creature as ever smiled under tho blue heavens, sor. Captain Hemm ing had married her about a year atter the war endod an' the honeymoon had lasted up to that time. That wiw the rcasou she was with us, for it was not known how many months or years it would be before we got back, an' she and the eaptaiu couldn't stand a separation of auy such length as that promised to be. 44 Next to tho captain an' his wife, in the lovo of tho men, was the first lootinint, Thatcher was his name fin' a brave cfiloer an' true gentle man he was tor. An' they were the only officers we bad with us, for our second lootinint had been promoted into another troop an we were waiting for a youngster to be sent to us from the factory at West Point. Hemming a Thatcher was officors of the old kind, by which I mean they was bosom friends, not quarrelin' enemies like most uf 'em is to-day, sor, askin' yer pardon. They was like brothers an' Mrs. Hemming was like a sisler to the first lootinint. An' I am proud to say I was in it, too, in a way ; for I was orderly sergeant of tho troop an eujoyod the confidence of both my . officers an', I make bold to say, the kindly regard of the captain's wife. 14 To contiuue, sor ; with three or four scouts iu advance an' a small rear guard of a couple of files, a quarter of a mile behind the paok train, we journeyed along to our fate—which was waitin' for us in Apache Pass, You may bare obeorvod, sor, although you are young, that man's fate does the waitin' in life. It is man, poor divil, that is always hustling about to find it. An' so we were hurryin' to get to an' through that pass, for it had a bad name. Of eoaree no one epprihinded any trouble, bnt the usual precautious had been taken. We had been marching for weeks, an' every day we bad out our advance an' rear guards, an' our sentinels at night, which latter makes hard work when you're marching by May. An' before we ever itarted we all knew our duty to our captain's wife. In fact it was standin' orders that, in oibu of disaster when she was with uv, she was to be shot rather than let her be oeptured. But none of us ever expected to be called on for that, sor ; for we all knew that it was well understood between Gaptain Hemming au' f<ootioint Thatcher. In faet, sor, it was said by the men that Captain Hemmiug had made Lootiuint Thatcher take an oath that he would do that awful duty if the time over came— an' this in the presonce of Mrs. Hemming herself, who knew all about it, an' who smiled at the danger. Still, if any of us had been callod on to save ber from the Apaches in that way, it would have been done, sor, for we all knew what death would eave her from, in such n case. 41 Well, sor, it was about noon that wo made the foot-hills of the Ghiricahua Mountains, au' not more than half an huur afterwards wo entered Apache Pass, I'll nover forget that day. It was an Arizona day, not a cloud iu tho sky, hot sun beating down on us an' our poor horses ptieously, an' everything as quiet as a New England towu on Sunday, without the ohurch bells. Aut Chore was something in the air, sor, that us nil feel uneasy, eveu the horses, sor ; au' it has beou my experience that an old oavalryf oeont nn Apache better 'n a deer can. 44 4 O Donnell.' says our first-line scrgeaut, Tim Murphy, poor dovil, who went to tho wrong place that day with his body full of bullets an' his soul full of siitt— 4 O'Donutfll,' says he, 4\vas that a red tyead band 1 saw just now iu them gray rooks to tho right P' 14 4 Rod nothlnV s»ys I» tryin to lough, for the sake of the meu behind who had heard. Bub the laugh stuck Iu my throat, sor, for 1 knew that Murphy bad eyes like a hawk's, even if he did drink a tittle dow an' then whan ho could get it. 44 4 'Twos red an' it moved,' says Murphy, with an oath that he may be workin' out this very day for all I know— for ho died, of course, without the services of a priest, like all the rest of them. 14 "Well, says I, so cool I snrprised myself, if it was red an' it moved, go up and see what it was.' But the words were scarce out of mo mouth when, 4 split— spat— rat— tat— t«t— bang !' thoy let us have it. 44 No roao, sor, could describe the next few minutes. It wasn't every muu for himself, as yo might suppose, but it was overy man do quick wbat was best for all of us. Lootinint Thatcher pulled the captain's wife from ber horse an stowod her between a couple of big rocks in tho wsggin'of a dog's tail. The captain himself, the lost man to dismount, gave the order for skirmishers and a ringing 44 Forward ruaroh !" and his commands were bugled gloriously by the bugler, till he dropped dead with a hole in bis forehead, But it was no use. The only thing we could do was to drop behind dead horses an' rocks an' light tike cornered rats ; for they bad us ceoplotely surrounded, 44 We did better at first than you would sup pose, for there were a good many rocks an' a man oould hide most of his vital parte iu some way or other. But when night fell there was fowaiy a mamwhowain'fcwauHdfcjayoVerhtiir .of tlum were dead. Withalghb the- firingstep 'ped, foryou know, sari an Aptfoho vtato kill ft man after dark, unless he is hard pressed, far feftr tho man's ghost will' come back inihaaat hiss, Ibwms ft superstition that was good for us in ' a way t bat it only prolonged the torture of the wounded an' we all Buffered terrible from thirst, as the little water we hod with as hod given ont during the day. But, worst ef all, the oaptain had been shot dead, ss he poked his head ont to get a shot with a carbine that he bad taken from a dead corporal. And the moanin' of the widow was none than the yellin' of the Apaches, which they kept up continuous all night. ' I don't know, ser, bat that the groanin' of tho wonnded, the meanln' of the widow and the yells of the Apaehes that night was more awfal than the fightin' duriog the day. An the-worab of It was that we all knew what waa eemin' on the next day. Indade there was many a report of a revolver 4Jjpt night that meant that wonnded men was flxih' themselves so thatthey couldn't be tortured, an' none of us had the heart to stop them. 4 1 actually shivered all over when I saw the first gray streak of light in the faraway East, where civilized folks were sleeping oozy in their beds. It was just then that Lootinint Thatoher crept over by my side an laid his hand on my shoulder. 44 4 O'Donnell,' said he, What do you think of it P ' 44 4 1 think we've nothin left to do but die like men,1 says I. 4 We'll all be killed, an hour after thim Apaehes oan tea the two sights on their guns, an' maybe sooner. Wo've no obanee whatever, lootinint, an' I'm not the man to give in when there is one. 44 4 Then I must—' he said in a sort of groan- in' whisper. 44 4The sooner, the safer an' better,' answered 1 ; for I knew what he mount— that he must kill the captain's wife, or widow, 1 should say. In the dim light I could make out tho lootinint with his head bowed in his hands, tearin' at bin hair, which was thiok on beautiful. My heart beat with great sympathy, for 1 knew the cap tain an' the captain's wife were tike a brother an' sister to him. " 4 Sure,' says I, to couaolo him, 4 she's a brave tittle woman an' she'll bo wontia' to go with her husband— an' you're a gentleman on your oatb. It will be bard, but it will be duty. You must do it, even for humanity's sako.' The lootiuint was silent a long lime au' I could ere that something was workiu' iu his mind. After a while ho looked up at me, with great, round, serious eyes that I'll never forget, aV saya : 44 4 O'Donnell, you're a man an' I'm a man, an' I must speak to somebody— I wont to tell ye ooraethinV 44 4 What is it ?' says I, wondering. 44 4 1 love ber,' said he with a great sob. r4The words that come to me at that momont were not fit to repeat, but the gist of it was that I asked him it ho had beeu untrue to his friendship. 44 4 Nover,' said he, with an oath that could havo done duty alongside me. own, it was so strong ; an he raised his revolver to strike me with tbe butt (an' we staudin' in the presenoe of death). An' then 1 remembered how he never went near her when the caplain was not around an' somo said it meant that ho did not like her, an' I knew ho was tcllin the truth. 44 4 Forgive me, lootiuint,' says 1, 4 1 know it. I was not tbinkin'. Wo aro but men an' we won't be that long.' Ho dropped his pistol arm an' again he was silent for a long time, while I watched the terrible gray of the early morniu' come up out of the East. It was gottin' light, too light to delay any longer, an' so I said to' him i 44 4 It's time, sir— duty ! ' An' that was all that 1 oould say, for 1 could soe that be was auiferin' more than if he was in Ike throes of death, 44 4 Sergeant,' said he, 4 would it be wrong for me to tell her— just to tell her, before - we die.' 44 4 Of eourse it would,' said I «< But ho is dead— and perhaps, lomo day it might hayo been—' 41 4 Gusb,' stud I solemnly. 4 His spirit is here waiting for her— an' besides it would be an insult to her.' 44 4 Then must a man live an' lovo an' die, without evor tcllin' his lore P ' he asked. 44 4 Sure,' I answered, 41 there's many an' most of soldiers live an' die witbont ever lovin.' It's the lot we was born to. It's duty, sor, au' manhood that's at stake' Ho aid uothiug more, but crept ovor to where she lay with her arms round her dead husband. I wanted to look away, but I could not. My eyes were fascinated. 14 4 1 am ready' she said clear an' distinct, The lootinint hesitated. 44 4 Duty 1' says I, in a frenzy of fear that he would forget himself. Au' then the lootinint raised his pistol arm quiokly an' fired. She dropped dead by ber husbaud'e side, without even a sigb, thank beaveu. The lootinint stood and looked at her so long that I bad time to notico a alight moving among the rooks an' knew that tho Apaobcs were gettin' ready for tboir mornitt's work. Then he dropped on his knees an' bent forward. I could sen that ho was about to kiss her, an for the good of his own poor soul, I shouted : 4 Dou't' do it, lootinint, it isn't right,' in a voice tike a cuptain yellin at an awkward recruity.oo' ho got up immediately, without a word. 44 4 Get bohind a rock,' I yelled at him ; but he paid no attention to me. Instead, he walked a dozen yards or more, over to where our guidon whs lyin' by the side of the (lead corporal who bad carried it He picked it up and jumped on a rock, atuudin' stiff an' silent tike a soldier ou parade, with tho guidon fiutterio' iu the early moruiu' breeze— the only excuse for a brcm that Arieoua bus, as ye know yersclf, sor. Craokping-crack-ping,' went a couple of Apaohe rifles, an' the lootiuint dropped back like a log, au' on dead. Then the fight began egin. But it was a poor fight now on our side, an' iu helf an hour tbero was less thau a dozen of', us still handling our guns, an' we were so weak an' tired we couldn't do ruuch damage. An' then, with a whoop, they charged us, nn' I knew that the end had como. I was weak with the loss of blood, but, like a drown- din' man oatobin' a straw, 1 jumped between a couple of rnosquite bushes an' pulled the branohes down over me, Tho sight of them killin' our poor boys who was still alivo was loo much for me, however, au' meroifully I foil into a sort of delirium in wbiob things wore different. An' in my delirium 1 thought 1 heard suddenly, a dozen bugles blowing tbe 4 churge,' an' I tried to give a littlo 4 hurrah '— nn' thon J fainted, 44 Wbon 1 come to a surgeon was leanin' over me an' 1 was surrounded by a group of officers that I recognised as bulongin' to our regiment, an' I knew by their number that it wan a bat talion, an' that it was real bugles that I heard in my delirium. I learned afterwards that they were making a night march au' came up just in timo to hoar tho early morula' llrin' an' hurry ahead. 44 An' then I heard tho dootor say, 4 he's the only oqo livin', an' it'e a question whether he will live.' But I did, as you see, aor. An' I've told you to-day a part of the story of tbe.mnss- aore at Apache Pass that I nevor told before, because it seemed to roe that it was the secret of a human heart that should have been known \- only to our Heavenly Father. But perhaps it was right to speak of it, after all ; for it was the story of a men who resisted temptation to tho very end, 