Catholic Notes. Encyclical Letter for Pentecost, 1897. To Our Venerable Brethren, THE PATRIARCHS, PRIMATES, ARCHBISHOPS, BISHOPS, AND OTHER LOCAL ORDINARIES HATING PEACE AND COMMUNION WITH THE HOLT SEE. LEO XIII., POPE. Venerable Brethren, Health and the Apostolic Benediction. £hat divine office which Jesus Christ received from His Father for the welfare of mankind, and most perfectly fulfilled, had for its final object to put men in possession of the eternal life of glory, and proxi mately during the course of ages to secure to them the life of divine grace, which is designed eventually to blossom into the life of heaven. Wherefore our Saviour never ceases to invite, with infinite affec tion, a,ll men, of every race and tongue, Into thebosom of His Church" Come ye all to Me," " I am the Life," " I am the Good Shepherd." Nevertheless, according toHis inscrutable counsels, He did not will to entirely complete and finish this office Himself on earth, but as He had received it from the Father, bo He transmitted it for its completion to the Holy Ghost. It is consoling to recall those assurances which Christ gave to the body of His disciples a little before He left the earth: "It is expedient to you that I go: for if I go not, the Paraclete will not come to you: but if I go, I will Bend Him to you " (John xvt, 7). In these words He gave as the chief reason of' His departure and His return to the Father, the advantage which would most certainly accrue to Hie followers from the coming.of the Holy Ghost, and, at the same time,.He made it clear that the Holy,Ghost is equally sent by—and therefore proceeds from—Himself and the Father ; that He would complete, in His office of Intercessor, Consoler, and Teacher, the work , which Christ Himself had begun in His mortal life.; , For, in .the redemption of the world the completion of the work was by Divine Pioti^acejreseryed to the manifold power of that Spirifc. who, in: the craationi "adorned the,' heavens"(Job. .xxvL,-18), o<HBVw6PBRiomAnAiw60FduBPomrmoaTE. pursuance of this object We have endea voured to direct all that We have attemp ted and persistently carried out during a long pontficate to two' chief ends; in the first place, towards the restoration, both in rulers and peoples, of the principles of the Christian life in civil and domestic society, since there is no true life for men except from Christ; and secondly, to promote the reunion of those who have fallen away from the Catholic Church either by heresy or by schismi since it is most undoubtedly the will of Christ that all should be united in one flock, ilnder one Shepherd. But now that We are looking forward to the approach of thecloBing days of Our life, Our soul is deeply moved to dedicate to the Holy Ghost, who is the life-giving Love, all the work We have done during Our Pontificate, that He may bring it- to maturity' and fruitfulnessV In order the bejjter'and more fully to cirry out this Our intention, We have resolved to address you atth'e approach ing" sagrOd "season ofPentecost concerning the indwglling and miraculous power of the Holy Ghost; and the' extent and efficiency of His action, both in the whole body of the Church and in the individual souls of its members, through the glorious abundance of His divine graces. - We earnestly desire that, as a result, faith may be aroused in your minds cohcerning the mystery of the adorable Trinity, and especially that piety may increase and be inflamed towards the Holy Ghost, to whom especially all of us owe the grace of following the paths of truth and virtue; for, as St. Basil said, " Who dehieth'that the dispensations con cerning man, which havebeen madeby the great God and our Saviour, JesusChrist, according to the goodness of God, have been fulfilled through the grace of the Spirit?" (Of.the Holy Ghost, c. xvi., v. 39;)' THE CATHOLIC DOCTRINE OP THE BLESSED Before we enter upon this subject, it will be both desirable and useful to say a few words about "the Mystery of the Blessed Trinity. This dogffia is called by the doc tors Tof the church '"the substance of the New Testament," that is to say, the greatest of all mysteries, since it is the fountain and origin, of them aU. In order, ta know and contemplate this mystery, the angels were created in Heaven and men upon earth: In-order to teach more fully this mystery* which was btat. foreshadowed in the Old Testament, God Himself came down from theangels unto men: No man hath seen Odd .at any time j the only be gotten Son who is in the bosom of the Father, He hath declared Him" (John i, 18)1 l^osqeyer then writes or ©peaks of the Trinity must keep before His eyes the prudent warning of the Angelic Doctor:: When we speak of the Trinity, we must do so with caution and modqsty, for, as St. Augustine saith,' nowhere else are more dangerous errors made, or is research more difficult, or discovery more, frmtful'' (Sumni. Th. ia, q. xxxi. De Trin. 11., C. 3) The danger that arises is lest the Divine Persons be confounded one with the other in .faith or worship,'or lest the one Nature in '.them be separated :• for "This is the Catholic Fai|b, t(hat we should adore one God In Trinity and Trinity in tJnity." Therefore Our predecessor Innocent XIL absolutely reused the petition of those who desired a special f estival in honour of God the Father. For, although the sepa rate mysteries connected with the Incar nate .Word are celebrated on certain fixed days, yet there is no special feast oh. which the Word is honoured according to His Divine Nature alone. And even the feast of PentecoBt was instituted *n the earliest tuhes.not simplyto hp^otir.theHplyGhpst in Himself,'bat to commemoratelliecom ing, orhteextenial mission. Andfall-this hqs been wi^v prdaui^ lestof^h vdis-\ tihg^isbingibePeiiqx^ inen?%Jddbe v)«^. to diBti^uish^thejDiyme'H^11^' - bfore' l8,gj^sd®d4<tme He? alsq permitted; < M(dwhc#eioi totbhr ijpHvte, ^rhi^ its name. Mapy facts confirm its troths. Tjieworship jraiid to~'i3ie saints'and anjg^ls, to the Mdtherbf God and to Christ Him self, finally redounds to tie honour of'the Blessed Trinity. ' In prayers addressed to one Person, there is also mention of the others; in the litanies alter the individual Persons have been separately invoked, a common invocation of all is added: all psalms and hymns conclude with the doxo logy to the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; blessings, sacred rites, and sacraments are either accompanied or concluded by the invocation of the blesBed Trinity. This was already foreshadowed by the Apostle in those words: " For of Him, and by Him, and in Him, are all things; to Him be glbiy for ever" (Bom. xi., 36), thereby sig nifying both the Trinity of Persons and the Unity of Nature: for as this is one and the same in each of the persons, so to each is equally owing supreme glory, as to one and the same God. St. Augustine, com menting upon this testimony writes: " The words of the Apostle, of Him, and by Him, and in Him, axe not to be taken indis criminately ; of Him refers to the Father, by Him to the Son, in Him to the'Holy Ghost" (De Trin. 1. vi. c. 10; 1. i. c.6). The Church is accustomed most fittingly to attribute to the Father those works of the Divinity in which power excels, to the Son those in which wisdom excels, and those in which love excels to the Holy Ghost. Not that fill perfections and external operations are not common to the Divine Persons; for " the operations of the Trinity are indi visible, even as the essence of the Trinity is indivisible" (St. Aug. Be Trin. 1.1., cc. 4-5); because as the three Divine Persons " are inseparable, so do they act insepar ably " (St. Aug. it.) But by a certain com parison and a kind of affinity between the operations and the properties of the Per sons, these operations are.attributed, or, as it is said, " appropriated" to one Person rather than to the others. "Just as we make use of the traces of similarity or like ness which we find 'in creatures for the manifestation of the Divine Persons, so do we use Their essential attributes; and this manifestation of the Persons by: their essential attributes is called appropriation " (St. Th. la. q. 39, xxxix. a. 7). In this manner the Father, who is " the principle of the whole God-head (St. Aug. De Trin. 1. iv., c. 20) is also the efficient cause of all things, of the Incarnation of the Word and the santification of souls; " of Him are all things ": of Him, referring to the Father. But the Son, the Word, the Image of God, is also the exemplar cause, whence all crea tures borrow their form and beauty, their order and harmony. He is for us the Way, the Truth, and the Life; the Beconciler of man with God. " By Him are all things," by Him, referring to the Son. The Holy Ghost is the ultimate cause of all things, since, as the will and all other things finally rest in their end, so He, who is the Divine Goodness and the Mutual Love of the Father and Son, completes and perfects, by His strong yet gentle power, the secret work of man's eternal salvation. " In Hun are all things " : in Him, referring to the Holy Ghost. (To be continued.) 