?tfOTES & ANSWERS. ^B^gWEES TO OOERfiHtOMDENTB .~«<rfnira intended for miWieatloru and all ,MWrThould be «dd«»ed to "T*a EDITOR or Ths l,n?;s^ " ond to secure attention nun, inevsry 4,ST,t*i.48i*«. «^jed nMn# wdiddrewof tne e' f^he^atisfaotion of the Bditor. Nottilnj? X inserted whioh d«*s not the cffi 'clock on Wednesday. "" " --Tlip mlc of the road requires you when I n- ?! vehicle coing in the same direction as koop^> W right hand Of that I i This supposes, 01 course, that the v' , le in front is on its proper side. In the ' slated, O is wrong. , ^,nriRt »_1. The weather streams passing 5 ,°w Tustnili'» from west to cast consist of altcr 'ireis of hipli and low pressure, corrcspond " 'in some respects to the swellings and swirls 'Z, a« the surface of fast-flowing , .r Tlie areas of low pressure are called ^.mes bccause when they are symmetrical \- ' of caua.1 barometric pressure assume a , Lr or bSr-tape, with the circle of least r lire irraduating towards the centre. Hie !' Tf pressure are called anticyclones. «sed is satisfactory but (t ,. are the best meteorologists are capable of . »"nt iiicr °. The terms do not stand to each ! t , " in the relation of cause and effect, but are . (Tm.,,1 names for the same thing. t ,, vi limriovis Snakes.-Mr. D. Ve Soucf writes: ..I n"tico in vour issue of April 10 an answer Jv, to .Curious* (Woodlands) by 'Physicus T, i.W that there is only one non-venomous " ,.k" in Victoria, namely, the caipet snake, l i 1 hat is not correct, as we have both the llm -i.e and diamond snake (moielia Victoria, the carpet being found urincipallv in the northern portions of the ' . ,,v aiid the diamond in the county of Croa ....I.Iiil' in Eastern Gippsland, where 1 have wit secured a. specimen lift, long, and seen -kins of several others, and mentioned the f , in a i>«per read before the Field Naturalists , . 1, ,,f Victoria, entitled 'MallacooU.' 'Phy : ,i.so forgot to mention three other non v,.,,,mnus snakes, which Krefit mentions as 1 . t 11 r found in Victoria, namely, Preiss' blind Like Schmidt's Wind snake, and the green tree iic " "I'hvsicus" admits a slip as regards ,1,;. Vukes mentioned by Krofft, but in regard (o 11, tir-t part of . the answer he writes:- The jiiiake and diamond snake are regarded by n'..iiliMi"er as mere varieties of the same species t" which tlic name Python spiloUis is to be ap .,1 icil Hoth of Krefft's records of Wind snakes doubtful, tliough two species do occur in i, "tl iitid north-west Victoria. Tlie ffreeu tree -n-ike al*o occurs in the extreme north of Mc ,rj.i. which, zoologically speaking, is part of New South Wales." ij,;..i\ Oliost.-Mr. H. K. Itusden writes: ..iviiii respect to a paragraph which I have just k 11 in vouv issue of 4th inst., in which you i;'vi'';,iilli"rities for some versions of the story of riser's uhost, and apparent!v objcct to its being di-i reditcd by those who know less than tliey lu l.m' about it, 1 remember well hearing the n irtii'iilnrs more than sixty years ago, which whs, I think, about eight years after the event. Ti i1 narrator was the Hev. C. P. N. Wilton, of N< wi-jslle, who devoutly believed more than he );i:i w i>f it. I cannot say that I did. But when 1 >, .11] the article in 'Household Words' I had ii.-.irlv :i quarter of a century more of experience, :n,,l had little difPculty in arriving at the con clusion that the mystery was easily accounted fm well-known and perfectly simple prin ciples. It is well known to many besides myself, wlin have had long experience in the Australian that when station hands in those times re cc:\e>i their wages or shearing money tliey win'ld, in maip' cases, immediately start drink ing. ami that it w*s not unusual for them when drunk to 'plant' their remaining cash for fear of 1 using- it, or of someone else finding it. Some times tliey would of course be at their wit's end when sober to find it again; and instances were ii"; mp' in which they had'to get drunk again iti < 1 tier to remember instinctively where they liaii concealed it, which was sometimes, but not altt.-ivs, successful. I have known-or rather hf.11' credibly informed-Of several instances in whvvh the money was so found. On the same in iin iplc, it seems quite probable that the man «l,r afterwards saw the ghost was, when very dr :rk. cither passing, or, more likely, lying mi 1 lie ground, near the rail where the ghost ii|i|i<urcd, on the night when the murder actually t""k place, but was too drunk and helpless to in tini'iv, or to remember anything of it after ward-. On subsequently passing the place in a 1i-.s drunk condition, the circumstances revived 111 his consciousness, and produced the illu sion which terrified him almost into * :!>ric!y, and resulted in his telling his wife that In' hail seen Fisher's ghost. She laughed at him, Imt could not persuade him out of it 1 and he re sulvi il that he would be much more sober when 111 vi lie passed the spot. Of course ;t was not likdv 1 hat he would be sober, but he had taken i nniL'h and was just frightened enough to see a ghu-i, and hurry home in an agony of terror. })ut liis reminiscence was never clear enough to re mind him that he was an actual spectator or auditor of what had occurred In his presence. And fo the ftiurder's outt Thus the most in credible part of the stray is amply accounted tor. Tins erratic kind of second consciousness in excep tional conditions is no* no novelty, and is often produced by various means of suspending some (mictions of the brain; alcohol, morphia, and "tlior narcotics, nervous shock, disease, hypnot ism, a re well known to induce cognate conditions." [llcsides falling into an error aa to the date (>. hich is a trivial matter) Mr. Rusden has read the i>aragraph eo carelessly as not to see that all we did was to quote, under "Literature," with out comment, a note from 'TxmgmansY by ilr. Andrew Lang, who has been hunting up refer etn-es to "Fiaher's Ghost." Mr. Lang believes in ghosts, and wants to arrive at the facts about tins one; hence his researches. The question, at |)re-ent, i« not whether the vision was real or imaginary, but when the first account of it ap I«'ared in print.] "CO." (Macorna).-'The general issue of frcctrade v. protection was not raised at the Convention elections. All the candidates were in favour of frectrade among the colonies. AM"*1**!' in our lame of April S. Slups that piM: in the night," Ac., are the opening words in .division JV, of ."Elisabeth," one of the "Tales of a Wayside Inn," in tie editions of Longfellow!* poetical works, pub . by Htniy .Fronde, (Oxford - University 1 ress), and by ItairmOlpn. , fjoau editions art incomplete. .' ~ : ' ' . ? "X Qucstia* otXlxwmamix.' '~-Ur. A. S- Wintaoau » ?ir}? ^JiC AiMtrtls^an" of the week be f"re last there was some discussion as to the cor reetneas of such expressions as "The hope of his k""ir; "He hope of him going." As no further remarks appear in last week's tone, and u vour correspondent teems to be labouring miller a misapprehension as to the nature of the instruction, I draw hii attention lo Mason's '?r iininar, pp. 197-200. and p. 403. in the ei l>ri ssion "the hope of his going," the word , C'»ng is not a participle at all, to thst no M-iogy on the grounds of euphony is needed for t ie use of the pnni'.wive prcmoun. The word is a u imd or verbal noun, and totally d'ftinct from ' 1 Pi"^'«ple in Ita origin. One need not <juar ,!,L. .lh.e otlwr «*PWt«ton, as you very justly point out, because language after all is governed "?!?*' but "? * of absolute correct the poasecsive cme should always precede , . "!!. nenind. Uaww eondrnm the confusion stj E£>5S, and wys-'TOejpossness of Ihe wlsUlii: li | rules of -. "Thegrossness 1 wta tScthuMn reader %e talb . 23 W| ? asrt*11sg^iPaftsaj tainted out aotuething whidi was not allowed by M »jw Ifce pwswit toifcocy Ji in the I i-in.i l?? nimpliclty. Practices whidi were gr*ram*f at one time ane not so now, and wins onee. kccsht ait becooSng obsolete. dorablvCfr!fIo\V^ W' ^«l*rtrta>nsi.; Migtetlltwe, and rsrioui cor ^ond»ts are napoosible (or the nterenCes ^P^ticJSTtbe gerund, 4cl .Sn ? 1A. S. Workman writes : :- auialu P ^ ¥.* ."*^1 of Teaqjwxi's .* tW Bar.' BMtilt to wg mind a captious criticism of the words, '1 hope to meet my Pilot lace to face when "1 have crossed the Bar,' which obtained publicity here some time ago. It was argued that the meta phor was false, as one would naturally meet one's Pilot before crossing the Bar; but the critic obviously misunderstood the imager}', and failed altogether to appreciate point and beauty. The emphatic words are, ot course, face to face. ChriBt ib our Pilot now, and to with us to Bteer across the bar, but it is not until we have crossed it that we shall Bee Him face to face. Tennyson did not mean that we are Pilot less now, and until we are out of danger, merely that our Pilot now was invisible. 1 am induced to write this obvious explanation because I have so often heard the words so criticiscd by the 'earthy.' " "The Irishman's Gun."-Mr. R. H. James, writ ing from Government Survey Camp, Donny brook, W.A., Bays:-"In your issue of March 20, in 'Answers to Correspondents,' 'Carbine' asks: 'To settle a dispute, are there sueli things in the Towrr nf - - - mionMv ~ uave bceu mon ire ?n ?i.« i J^ T<*cnt\y as 18 months ago I was twn n^ lcount'?' and visited the Twer on and the «uns each time. It ?4o a roytt. as they reallv are there." jr"8 ,,t.hc questions that have "reached us 8ubjcct have aH come from Western ?i"f T * ma7 we assume that Donnybrook is ,of «»e statement which has been cnaiiengcd by vanous correspondents, and that ' ??anoiv C0lainK forward with evidence :? . ' A generation or so back, the gun «I?i£ , ?? s round ,a corner was a stock-subject Others wanting to take a rise out of in It would be interesting to know under whose guidance Mr. James visited the i?^r' a . .w"c^ier he how remembers enough . ?} i to® a^le to describe them, so that jveople may judge whether they were really de signed for the purpose stated.] J.G.J."-1. See Yeoman department., 2. If tuere were any really efficacious meats of prevent ing the hair from turning grey, do you suppose that we should have a single white-headed per son in our midst?" 3. "J.G.J.'s" third question Js as follows:--Pupils from my school competed at tiie recent Warrnambool Exhibition in the educational elass (over 14 years). There were, according to the catalogue, onlv five entries, four of which wore from my school. Vet when the exercises have served their purpose they me re turned without any award. Can I demand the prizes? According to the circular, four prizes were to be awarded." Not having a copy of the rules and knowing nothing of the facts we cannot answer. The exhibits may have been deemed unworthy of an award. The best course tio secretary for an explana Nervous/* 1. Nervousness in young persons when tney appear in public arises from their wonder ing wtat people are thinking about them, in stead of losing themselves in the work they have to do. 2. It depends on the agreement. The net contemplated is dishonourable, as it amounts to breaking your word, but your em ployer may not think you worth running after when you depart. 3. The nigger minstrel song >ou want, "Dandy Jim," seems to be out of print; at any rate, it is not on sale in music shop collections of such melodies. "G.W.C."-Ksperancc is situated on the shore of an excellent liariiour between the western end of the Australian Big-tit and King George's Sound. , v?8 ovir 1>W*0 inhabitants, and it is the port of Norseman and other ^old- fields lying to the south of Coolgardie. Most of the Coolgardie trade would go to Esperancc were there a rail way, hut the Government have no intention of constructing a line which would divert busi ness from Perth. Esperance is rathtr sandy. There is regular communication with Albany, at which all intercolonial steamers call. "Bealiba."-The Credit Foncier Act provides that under table A a half-yearly pavment of £3 shall extinguish a loan of £100 in 03 half-years (31J years). . The first payment will include in terest at the rate of 4J per cent, per annum, and repayment of principal at the rate of 11 per cent, per annum. The second payment will include the same rate of interest, but inasmuch as the principal is reduced by the first payment, the amount of the interest will be less, making the amount of principal repaid so much the more. The table itself (see second schedule of the act) Bhows the effect of this ariangeincnt as follows: -First Half-year-Interest paid, £2/5/; prin ci|wl reduced, 15/. Second Half-year-Interest paid, £*2/4/8; principal reduced, 15/i; and so on. "G. W." (Mildura).-The 7th (Princess Roval's) Dragoon Guards arc known as the Black llorse. Natural History Note.-"H.A.K." (ltockhampton) calls attention to the statement made by a writer in the "Hockhampton Bulletin," tliat the young of certain birds have some means of lighting up their mouths in (lie dark to Jet the parents see how to feed them:-"When in Rockhampton last April 1 had given to me some very pretty little seed-eating birds. I think they are pecu liar to 'Northern Queensland. I put them in a roomy cage, and iiad given up hopes of their breeding until a few mornings ago I found a nest had been made in a square tin. When one stood in the entrance all light was excluded, and as there was a lid on, the inside would be dark. Upon looking in the hole I could sec several objects moving about, and by me»ns of numberless phosphorescent specks could see five mouths. On each upper and lower side there was one much larger than any of the rest. These seemed to be the principal beacons to guide the parent while feeding. The roof of the mouth was literally lined with very fine shining par ticles, which seemed to reflect light to such an extent that I could distinctly see the base of the mouth." Sir. A. J. Campbell, to whom the letter has been shown, supplies this note:-"Hy friend, Mr. T. Hurst, of Caulfield, some years ago brought under my notice young Gouldian finches (Queensland) liatched in his aviary. They had excresences at the gape of the mouth, which in the dark gave off an iridescent glow. I have never heard of the phenomenon in any other kind of voung bird, nor can I guess what pur pose it serves except as a guide to the parents in this particular species, when feeding the young away from daylight." Peacocks' Feathers. - Why Unlucky? - Mr. E. Wilson Dobbs writes:-"In Palgrave s 'Cen tral and Eastern Arabia* (Lond., 1865), p. 28#. will be found reference to the Mahometan tradition that the peacock opened the wicket of Paradise to admit the devil, and received a verr ample share, of the devil's own punish ment. Bv Dyer, in 'English Folk Lore,' n. 91, and in 'Conway'B'Denionology and Devil Ixire, *1 261 this is also referred to. ' Originally according to the legend-the peacock and the serpent were placed at the entrance to Paradise togive warning of approaching .danger. Satan. In the person of Eblis (Pnde), seduced them : both, end ther are said to have had part In his £ll Eventually the curse was removed from the ncacock, who then became the sworn enemy of the serpent, but tlie tradition is kept up in the mrunir that a peacock has an angel s wings, a devil's voice, and a thief's walk. "Hie German proverb, 'Peacock, look at your legs,' will occur to one. Among the \eeidees-a small .tribe hnnterinir on the Euplirstcs-rthe peacock is the rew**on?ative of th'e evil principle Ahriman fnridel Brass figures of peacocks forming idpls in this Persian belief arc often to be met with " coming from the East. The Cingalese have a fiiblethat the peacock stole las beautiful plum .JTtrom the Avitchia. This bird utters a cry rSimhlin* the Cingalese word Matkiang, which means *1 will complain.' and thus it is said SSS^ie bird implore tf* sun to redress his wWb and himself. This s a reversion of ISropean fable of the Jackdaw borrowing [he "'Ihrrs; the crow is also re tnas the bird so ill-used. This has origi Sted ii an old Hindoo myth, which shows us iwmJTlndras (now sky, now sun) as the pea cockTand now as a crow (or cuckoo like Zeus). S$wi the Ay is blue, serene, and starry, or tiwTwn aliines with ite thousand r*vs and l?tte^loSw of the rainbow, the sahaaakshas, -S'Aoi»nd?«d liidras, is found as the w* t 'the skv or the sun is overclouded T°5«. cn>u° or a -cuckoo, that sings ' the thunder and lightning of the SJ5S£.m the ^oojind.the (torm, in lnc "That: rings jrxvii. "So peacocn m LUC I Hi ii -r-^ kail the cloud with lifted voice." Id., Dook II., Onto ii. In the Vedlc hymns the horses of Indras bare peaoocka' feathers. Heaides beinf the symbol of Indraa, It is also that ot Skiridos, fod of war,-and Eumara. the Uars ot the Hfiputa. Coins of this latter type are found all over India with the peacock »mM*m on. These are the Saurashtra coins of .the pro vince* of the Gupta. In the language of col lectors la the wlpt Sutra tf* fomm ia r» corded of Queen Trisala seeing a golden! standard bunched with peacock plumes, which J woe lucky to behold. Then the Tambouk 1 Kings of Oriasa, whose device was a peacock'* j plume, are connected in point of badge wit) the Chinese order of the "one, two and three eye feather" Mandarin, whose sign is a single, double, or treble peacock's eye feather, and the Celestial Monarch uses peacock quill pens. So as' in far Cathay, throughout India, and in the East, from Persia to Rabylia, to this day are the birds held in high repute, the Orientals Seemingly pay ing little need to the Eblis legend. "G.O.L." (Lysterfield).-The question-"Required to expend £100 on 100 animals, bullocks £5, sheep £1, rabbits 1/; how many of each?"-is answered by solving an indeterminate equation, exactly similar in type to one fully treated on April 8 in this column for "State School Teacher, Terang." The only new point is that with the values per head of animals now as sumed there are not three sets of admissible answers. The only set is-19 bullocks, costing £95; 1 sheep, costing £1; and 80 rabbits, costing £4; 100 animals in all, costing a total of £100. "B.B." (East Melbourne).-The fares from Mel bourne to Fremantle are-Saloon, £7; second, £3; train, from Fremantle to Perth, first-class, 1/9; second, 1/; from Perth to Coolgardie, first class, £2/18/3; second, £1/18/4; Perth to Kal goorlie, first, £3/2/3; second, £1/18/10. "Rustic.^-We are sorry that you should have had reasonable ground for complaint through not getting a definite answer from the department your question was referred to. The commis sioner of taxes informs us that you are to fill up the form on page 2, "personal exertion." K you have rents or interest coming in, they should be entered on page 3, "property." ? "J.J.S."-1. See "Angling" answers. 2. The official spelling seems to have been "Cakobau," though the-name was usually printed Thaekam \- bau in Australian papers at the time that that personage was ruling Fiji. The stamps must have been issued during the few years prior to British annexation, when the islands were run in Cakobau's name by the Australian syndicate, which found the money to cnbale Cakobau to pay the indemnity of £9,000 demanded of him by the American Government over some differ- ! encfc with Commander BontweU, of the U.S. ship ' John Adams, in 1S5G. | "One Interested."-It is only neecssary tliat he should be a properly registered medical practi tioner. At the same time, it would be absurd to appoint a man who was practising only as a physician to a surgical post. j "B.A.F." (Calcutta!, writes:-"In order to settle I a dispute, you will oblige by answering in your columns of 'Answers to Correspondents' the oft asked question as to the difference between a square mile and a mile square?" It is truly re markable that such a question should come from such a distance, and in this case be asked by a presumably educated correspondent. A square mile means a plane figure of any shape contain ing 640 acres. A mile square means a four-sided figure, each side of which is a mile long, and each angle of which is a right angle, the area being 040 acres. There can be only one figure which is a mile square; the number of figures containing a square mile readies to infinity, and the mile square figure is one of them. "W.M.W. (Kerang).-1. An aneroid barometer falls l-10th of an inch for every 100 (one hundred) feet vou ascend, consequently it rises l-10th for every 100 you descend. 2. One copy will suf fice. "Sufferer" (Menzies, IV.A.).-Ve have no means of testifying to the quality of articles of food or medicine advertised in "The Australasian." "Vanko."-Walfisch (Whalefish) Bay, in Pamara land, was taken possession ot by Great Britain before the Germans annexed the territory known by that name on the west of South Africa. It was proclaimed British territory in 1878, and added to Cape Colony in 1884. Twelve islands off Angra Pequena, the German capital, I have been British property since 1867. Walfisch I Bay is fair and away the best harbour on the I coast, but not the "only one. It was an old [ whaling station. . The extent of territory round the bay held by Great Britain is 430 square | miles. 