'AN, RISH r ReTOR . BY C.M. B a otiolly ns itated in apleaoant valley of -Sde White Knight's country, at the foot of The Gaiter Mountains, was the cabin of LarryDodd and his wife. They rented a ahin md few acres of land, which they sultivated with great are. They were in :dependent, and repected by their neighbors ; they loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance of _erforn about them. Larry was a bard working, and oceasion aolly bard drinking, Dutch-boilt little man, .with fiddle head and a round body, a staady-going. etrsighr-lerward fellow, only when e catried too mac', wnhiky ; then, it 'mast be eoofeseae, he could not walk the chalked line with perlct accuracry. He had a moist, ruddy countenance, rainer inclined to an expression of grvity. T.ke it alto- I esther, he was genr..lly lockn d upon as a proper peron, notwithloetldio? the fact that be had every day in the year, d sort of nn holy dew upon his face, even in the coldest weathor, which gave rese to a nupposition that arry wa apt to indolge in strong po Oatione. However, all men o talents hone their faults--indeed, who ie without them? and Larry, setting aside his 'aeaknese, was a most distinguished man. He was a man of mixed habots, in his Smode of life, his drink and hit costume. Ieis dress accorded with his eharacter-a tort of halfland-atlf between farmer and hoere jockey.. He wa- oa blue; coat of coarse cloth, with shoot Lkirts and a etanding dllar ; his waitoost was red, and big lower habiliment, were maoe of leather. which, in oonrs- of time, hnt eeronk eo much that they fittrd hke a .ercad hit,,il. nd long ses had abeorbed their noirture to biurn " degree that they made a crackling noiose o nmored along. A hat oavered with oil. optirof sond-hband, or, to epk more oor erfuly,seond-footed, greasy top-boots, that eenmed never to have seen a blanoing-breah. o: one spuor with 'a rowel, completed the e ryday dtress cf Lrr. p Dodd. Tone equnpped wae Lorry returning from Casbel, mounted on a rough-coated ,td nr-e eyed nag. though, notwithstanding theseand a few other trifling blemishe, a well-built enimal;h er jost purhaeed the said ong, with a fancy that he could make his own .money again, and maybe torn nn odd penny more, by it at the coming Xildorry fair. furry, well pleaeod with himself, troted I along the road t the lingering twilight of a tovelyjane eeaing, thinkng of nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would bores always be eso low. " If they go at this rate," said he to him. sell," tor halt nothing, and that paid in tbter.bnyere'sones, who would bo thee fool to walkf' this very thoLg'tl indeed was pasleig Shrough his mind, when his attention was aroead by a woman pacing quickly by the ide of hise hores, and hurrying on o if indearoenfn to:r.ah her dertination bfoiie.h luhteloeed in. Her r oaute, ocuridering the Ingetrdeae bshe trok, appeared to be under lhe comtron rinte-rather of th'dumpy order, bht whehe the dameel aeyoung, old, sairor brown, pretty. or; ugly, Lrry oold I form no notion. owing to the fast of her i wearing large loak; the hood of which weras turned dp and completely ohealed ieery feature. . . ,. . Enveloped in this mas t of dark and eon o.rlisto despery, without much xertion the strange woman contrived to keep np'with Lar-ry Dodd'e steed for'nome time, when his master very civilly osered her lift hehind him as far at be wangoma her way. ' Oidlity I bfetr m"illity.' thaey. ey;.howeer, herme smeied noeanewr, hnd'shnkinig that the lady's silenne proceeded only from bashful. aes, like a man of true gallantry, not a word moe said Larry, untl he pulled up by the ode olf a p. md then said he: " M'ylittle girl ju.t lemp op behind me witehout a word 'more. though -erer a one basiyon spoke, andI'll tak: yo tu ale sod tound thon?ph the l nerme his of road that "is befome t?e o Sbhe jumped at the i ofe, ?re esiough. and dp with heron the back of the hore, as light a a Iather, In An instant she was seated bohlnd Larry, with ea hand aend arm beckled around hs watt,holding on, . " I hope y-n're comfortable there, my deal" said Larry, in his good.humnored way .. .. But there was no answer, and on theo went-.tre, trot, trot, along the road-and all w in a still that you migbt have beard the sound of therhoof a mile off; there was nothing els to hear except the moaning of odietant stream that kept up a continued crooning, fike a nore homing a babe. .Larry, who had a keen ear. did not, how ever, reqoir so profound a lesnoe to deteto: the click of one of the shoes. S"'Tie only loas the shoe is," said he to his eompantoe.ns they were just entering on the lonely bito moad. Some old trees, with branches feltooned with ivy, grew orer a dark pool of water. whtehhad been formed as a drinking place foe cattle. Bere the horse made a dead halt. and Lany, not knowing what vieious trikes bin new purchase might have, and onwilliog that, through any odd chance, the ynoung woman should get" spilt" in the water, dis mounted, thinking to lead the animal past thepool. " By the piper's loch. that always found what he wanted,' said Lorry, recolletc tng himnelf," I've a nail in my pocket ; 'tt not the frst time l've put on a shoe, and maybe it won't be the ltoi, for here is no want of paving stones to make hammers in plenty."' No sooner was Larry off than off with s rwing came the woman, just at hin aide. He, feet touchrd the ground without makiog thc itrot noine, and away she bounded, lilk an ill- mannered creatnre as ahe was, withon' ranlog " By yoor leave," or no matter what else. She seemed to glde rather than run, not along the road, but across a field. op toward the old ivy-covsersed walls of Kinanlattery Church-and a pretty choreh it was. "Not so fast, if {yon please, yuang woman, not as fast," cried Larry, calline after her. But away she ran, and Larry fol'owed. hit leathernm - garments already described cntk, crack, crackling at every step hb took. S"Whern'emywsgestl"saidLarry. "Give me a kies, my girl; core, I've earned a kLissn m your pretty lips, and I'll have it. But she went on faster and faoster, regard. Iras of themse and other flattering epeechee from her purnsoer. At laet she came to the ehnrohyard wall, and then over with hber in an instant. '" Well, well I She's a mighty smart area tlure, anyhowl Ta be sure how neat she steps.. Did anyone ever see the like of that beforse But I'll not be baulked by any 'oman that ever wore n head, or any ditch, either I^ exclaimed Larry, as, with a desperate hound, hbe-: vanlted, enambled and cetmbled over the wall into the ohuroh yord. Up be got from the elsetle aod on a newly warn eraoe, in whieh Yade Lenry that moer,in wasaburied--ret hie soul i-and on -ent Lnrcy, ?tombling over headetones and S.ttoetn. over old graves and neaves. ye n of omone, and the ebnlln and boner fi oa,- ) mvn--thrlord saes oni-that wcre ?notrnrd ahoot there on plenty as raving stonrm, fonunderinr amid great overerown deck leav. and, brambrrs that, nith their Itnr.-nrtol'lv arms became tangled aroond t .-limne aod held him bact with a fearfol yInn, time tbl mvrrywoman in the r0oh moend lt'r-.egh all three obstrulions ar roi,ll? nd ao gaily as if the churcbhsyd, toaDinl n wnal wi with h raro ene drnror. tIrrel, hod been the foor of a dancing room ot t,- -?d round the wanls of the old onur?ol ''I.il-oat wait," said Lorry, seirn, thia and tnmkingit allnothing but a irnck to grighted him. "When ahe comea ounod again, ill don't tabe the hint I won't that', ~I .rqe d,,bs W I" Liiij Dbdds'prang forward :itho--p arms and slasped in thsm-a woman, it is true, hbut awoman without any lips to kiss, by reason of her having nobhead I "Murder i" cried e. "Well, that as. counts for her not speaking I" Having uttered these words, Larry him. self became dumb with fear and astonish. ment ; his blood seemed turned to ice, and a dizziness came over him. Staggering like a drunken man, he rolled against the broken window of the rin, horrified as the oon. viction that he had held a ghost in his em. brace. When hae returned to something like a feel. ing of conecionseaes heslowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a scene of wnnder burst upon him. In the midst of the rain stood an old wheel of torturs ornamented with heads. This was plainly visible in the strange light which spread itself around. It .wa fearful to behold, but Larry could not choose but look, for he was powerless through wonder and fear. He would have shouted for help, but his tongue cleaved to the root of his mouth, and not one word could he say. Hiia eyes alrooet sarted Irom their socket., I his breast rented on the thickness ofl the wall, over which, on one side, his head and out. stretched neck projecte', and on the other, although one toe touched the ground, it de rived no snppor from hence ; terror, as it were, kept aim balanced. Strange noises, assailed his ears, until at last they tingled painfully to the sharp clatter of little bells, which kept op a continual dihg-dingding. 3laernwless bones rattled and clanked, and the deep and solemn sound of a great bell came booming on the night wind. It was strange music to dance by; never. tbeleee, moving to it, round and round the wheel set 'with skulls, were welldeeseedledies and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests nd publicans, and ejockeys and Joeniee, but all without their hbeads. Larry did not know what to think. His brains were all in a mist, and losing the balance which he had eo long maintained, he f 11 head foremost into the midst of the cnt pany of ghosts. "I'm done for and lost forever I" roared Larry, with his heels turned towards the stare; and eonsel down became. SWelcome, Larry Dodd, welsome I" cried everry bead. bolbing oup and down in the air. "A drink for larry D.,dd I" shounted they us with one voice, that quaveredlike a shake on the begpipee. Ho sooner said than 'done. One of the nnmbor presented a brimming cnp to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it oft like s man. _ "'Ties Capitalt slf," he would have said, but he got no furtber than "cap'" when de. aepitated w as he. and his head began dancing oser his shoulder. Larry, however, wan not the first man who lost his head throuegh the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming cop. Nothing more did he er member clearly, for it seems body and head being parted is not very favorable to thought. When his senses returned his first ant was to put his hand to where his head formerly grew, and to his great joy there ha found it still. He then, shook it gently, but his head remained firm enough, end,.somewhat re. pesnred by thia he proceeded to open his eyes and look arond him. .. It was broad daylight, and in the old church7ard at Kilnislattery he found himself, wsth his'heid ," n?pon the lap of earth.": Could It have been' apn gly dream 7 "Oh, no," said Larry. "A dream couold nuever have brought be re. stretched on the fat of my back, with the death's bead and gross-bones tornienting me on'the fine old tombstoe t arney of PKt Barney of Rilerea-but where is the horse?" He arose slowly, every joint aching from the .braises he had received, and went to the pool of water, but no horse was thesre. "'Tie home I most go," said Larry with a ruefulo ountenane. "Bot how will face Hany What shaI tellbahr ahbout the horse' sod the two ponnd?hs h ost =n 'Tis them phosete that have made their own of him from me, the bhorse.tealing robbers of the world, that have no fear for the gallows I Buos wbat's gone is gone, that's a clear S) saying he turned his steps homeward, and arrived at his cabin about noon without encouonterling anyfurther adventures. There he found Nanoy who, as he expeeted, looked as black aela thunder-cloud at him for being ont all night She listened to hismarvellous relation which he cave with exselsmatins of astonishment, When he had concluded, with erpreeslons of grief at the loss of the horse he had paid for like an honest man, she " Bat what took yon up to the old chnrch at all, out of the road at that time of night, Larry 7" Larry looked like a criminal for whom there was no reprieve. He scratched his bead for an exmouse, but not one could he muster up, so he knew not what to say. . - e" . Larry, Larry." mattered Nansy, after waiting for some time for his answer, " it's talking with a girl you were-an' you i married man I Confess the truthl" Larry shuddered at the tempest which he perceived was now about to break upon his devoted head. "Nancy," said he," I do confess. It was a woman without any head-" His wife heard no more. " &woman-I; knewit was I" cried she. " But a woman without ahead,Larry I Well, it is long before Nancy Gallagher ever thought is would come to this with her I That she should be left desolate and alone here by her baste of a houband for a woman without a head I 0 father, father, and mother, mother, it is wellyouare low to-day, that you don't see this affliction and dis grace to ydor daughter that yon eared decent and tender I Oi, Larry you villain I" You'll be the death of your lawful wife, talking with sobh vile oraythere I" " Well," said Larry, pottiog his hands in his coat pockets, ,,least said is soonest mended. Of the young woman I know nothing; but this I do known, that a woman without a head may well be nailed a good woman, because she has no tongue I" How this remark operated on the matri* monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. Itis, however, reported that Nancy had the last word. Sfiost word to all men and boys who care to bear me is, Don't get into debt. starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I don't mind, if it's really needful, stealing I Bat don't boy things you can't pay for !-Ruskin. Wono the song's gone out of your life, you cant start anothar whileit'e a ringingia your ears: it's beet to have a bit of silence, and onut o' that maybe a psslm'll come by and by.-Edward Garrett. Tamaselstrom attracts more notice than the quiet fountain, a comet draws more attention than the steady star,but it is better to be maelstrom, and star than comet following out the sphere and orbit of' quiet osefulneus in which God plsces us. John Hall. ArrnCT?urovs in any part of our carriage is lighting up a candle to eor defeats, tad never fails to make us take notie of l t, 'ither as wanting ense or sincerity. Mosn people would arsucceed in small things t they were not troubled with great ambi ion,-- Longlcllow. Whether milch aows should be fed twice t d oi .sr. e times a day is a question which is a.it.rieg( thv dnirymtn in rome parts of aheouuetrey. Tldeadvocates o feodingetwie a rlay e?sy Ihat all ruomiuatino animslo should navo plenty ol opporiunieu to chew their eude. or ele their eoed will not yield them It lullnou.rlnntert. "A cow that hes tee e ell fed im he mnrning makes her lunch by chesni i-r rud, a.d skes so much comfort . art |t cst ,ne ilness more mlan t an she n. ulJ by ea:i_ anuother meal at non." I The only way to sutiln this question is by aetunl eayerment ud alrefeul coumparison of ftf5115 - - 