GRANNY'S GHOST. It was in Milltown, this haunted house of which I write, and, as is usual in such cases, the occupants were ill at ease. It was annoying, to say the least, to hear that ghostly rocking, rocking to and fro in midnight hours, when the slightest sound assumed startling proportions. Squire Elkins had bought the place at a bargain—or so it seemed ; but if he had known it was haunted he would not have taken it at any price. Not that he was nervous or believed in ghosts ; but it was " deucedly uncomfort- able," he said, to be roused from slumber half a dozen times in a night with the information that somebody was rocking the big armchair. " Well, let 'em rock," he growled. " I don't want to." " Yes ; but Harvey, what is it ? " " I don't know and don't care. Go to sleep, Sarah." And Sarah tried—perhaps she succeeded ; but when that mysterious rocking began again the scene was repeated, until in desperation the squire would go to the large apartment which answered tor kitchen and dining-room. It was very comfortable there. A big rocking-chair occupied the cozy corner between the hearth and the pantry door. Upon a small stand were the evening papers and a lamp. Just opposite was Sarah's low chair, in which she was wont to rock and knit. But why the rocking should continue after the occupants of the chairs were in bed was a matter that puzzled and alarmed her. Only lately had she heard the sound, but she was sure her ears did not deceive her. The squire did not tell her upon his return from the investigating tours which she forced him to make that the big chair was straying back and forth as if recently vacated. " Some natural cause for it ; but I'll be confounded if I see just what," he muttered, then unblushingly declared to his wife that not a thing was stirring, not even a mouse. When she began to talk of ghosts he ridi- culed the idea, yet wondered the while why the place was sold so cheaply. While sure the house was somewhat out of repair but paint and plaster would soon remedy that ; the land was good and well-located ; if there should be such a thing as a house being haunted, that would account. " But, pshaw ! there are no ghosts," he mentally exclaimed ; and he dis- missed the matter from his mind and slept the sleep of the just. Not so poor Sarah. When the idea had once possessed her mind she could not get rid of it. She began to make cautious inquiries of the neighbours concerning the former owner and his family She learned that Mr. Harris had been a widower with several children. A servant girl and his helpless old mother completed the family. " When she died he sold out and moved away. The house doesn't look the same with out the old lady She always sat in that corner and rocked. I can just shut my eyes and see her now." Thus the voluble neighbour chatted on, un- mindful of the horrible certainty that took pos- session of Mrs. Elkins. " I just know it, Harvey. " The house is actually haunted," she said to her husband that sight, in a terrified whisper. " It's old Granny Harris's ghost rocking in your big chair. What ever shall we do ?" " Do nothing," snapped the Squire, to whom the subject had become an exasperating one, " The old woman is welcome to rock all night, just so she don't dispute my claim to the chair before bedtime." " Oh, Harvey, how can you talk so ? I would not sit in that chair for the world." " The old woman, Harvey ! She's rocking ! I can't stand it." " Confound the old woman—and you, too ! I never heard of a more peaceable ghost. What would you do with one that wandered around in a winding sheet, with fiery eyes and sulphurous breath ? " Poor Sarah cowered beneath the bedclothes while her husband resumed his snoring—a sound much more formidable than the mysterious rocking. Squire Elkins was not a cruel man, but he knew little about nerves, and had not the least sympathy for his timid wife. Nothing but bodily danger could alarm him. " Harvey, can't I send for Cynthia ? I'm really ill,'' said Sarah one morning after a night of utmost incessant rocking. " Why, of course, if you want to ; but not a word about ghosts to her." Cynthia was her maiden sister, who lived will their brother John, in Newton. She came at once. " Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact, was the sympathetic spinster's greeting. " But I'll chirk you up a bit. I brought some sassafras and camomile and lady's slipper with me." The day passed pleasantly enough, and at nine o'clock all was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept just across the hall from her brother and his wife. There was only a partition between the bedrooms and the kitchen, though both doors opened into the ball. "Sarah," called Cynthia, an hour later, " are you ill ? " " No," was the muffled response from the covers of the bedclothes. " Is Harvey ?" " No," again. " What's he sitting up for ?" " It ain't him, Cynthia." " Well, who is it ?" " I don't know." " Don't know ? Well, I'm going to know !" The bedroom door opened and an energetic step was heard in the hall. " Don't don't, Cynthia ! Listen to me !'' came in terrified accents from the opposite room. Cynthia opened the door as Sarah whispered faintly— " It's—it's a ghost, Cynthia ; but don't let Harvey know I told." " Harvey, Harvey !" cried Cynthia. " Get up and see who's in that rocking- chair." " Lord preserve us ! What'll I do with two of 'em ?" groaned the poor squire, as Cynthia retreated to bed and stuffed the clothes in her ears to shut out the mysterious rocking that came and ceased, and came and ceased, and came again, all night long. In the morning she heard the story, and understood that no herb, however potent, would " chirk up " her sister-in law. Another night, a repetition of the first, Cynthia returned to John's house, taking Sarah with her. Squire Elkins felt greatly relieved at first, but when a week had passed he began to long for company, and hailed with pleasure the night's sojourn of a passing peddler. To his annoyance the transient guest inquired in the morning the meaning of the rocking he had beard. The squire explained and the news that the Harris house was haunted flew on willing wings. Then the real trouble began. He was deluged with inquiries and confronted by the most senseless and bloodcurdling tales imagin- able. He denied and exaggerated by turns, and the ball kept rolling. The house was avoided is if a pestilence lurked there ; team- sters whipped up their horses and hurried by. Some even viewed the Squire askance, until in his righteous indignation he grew so fierce that it was said he was going crazy, and that (in addition to the ghost) was why his wife had left him. A few venturesome spirits essayed an investi- gation, but each one heard the mysterious sounds, and went away to add fresh fuel to the flames. One even asserted that he had seen a shadow form, in cap and spectacles, swaying to and fro within the chair, and heard a moan- ing as of someone in distress. And nobody questioned the truth of the statement, though not a single hearer would have believed the man on oath in a business transaction. The Squire grew sick of the " infernal non- sense," as he termed it, before two weeks had passed, and wrote to his wife to return home. When she did not come he went over to Newton to see about it. He gave a full history of how his neighbours—" the confounded idiots ! "— were talking, and bid Sarah " pack her duds and go home to shut their mouths." " Oh, Harvey, sell the place—give it away— anything but take me back there ?" pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. Squire Elkins stormed and tore, and swore he would never do it for any ghost, nor the foolish whim of a woman. " Does the chair really rock, Uncle Harvey ?" asked his neice, Kitty Elkins, when she found the squire alone. " It does for a fact, Kitty." " But what makes it go ? " " Granny Harris, I reckon—I don't know what else. They say she always sat in that corner ; it's a very comfortable one; I don't wonder she likes to come back ; and I'm sure no one ought to complain if I don't. We never occupy the chair at the same time." " But she's dead, Uncle Harvey ; you surely don't believe in ghosts ?" " Don't know, Kit. There's something mighty queer about it. But I never heard of a sensibler ghost. As long as she don't take to wandering around, I've not a word to say. She can have my chair whenever I don't want it. I don't see how folks can be so selfish." " I'll tell you what we'll do, Uncle Harvey. If Net Baker will go along—and I know she will, she's alwayson for any fun—we'll go with you and lay that ghost, so Aunt Sarah can return to her home again." The next night two merry, mischievous girls were domiciled in the hall bedroom. " How's the ghost? asked the Squire in the morning. " I entirely forgot that ' Granny' doesn't introduce herself when she comes, and we went to sleep and never woke up till broad daylight," admitted Kilty. " We'll stay awake to night, Uncle Harvey." So the next night they turned their light down and told stories to keep awake till the ghost should make her presence known. They had not long to wait. Turning up the light they hastened to the kitchen. Yes, the chair was rocking, but nothing further could they discover. It was vacant, for Kitty sat in it, to make assurance doubly sure. They withdrew leaving the light this time. When the rocking was repeated they rushed upon the scene with the same result as before. It did look queer— that swaying chair, propelled by unseen forces ; but neither of the girls was superstitious in the least. " One thing we've learned," said Kit, " the ghost isn't afraid of a light. We'll stay, too, this time." So they brought a quilt and pillows, and curled down in semi-shadow to watch. All was quiet, and Kitty was fast losing consciousness when a slight noise roused her. She sat up and peered anxiously at the rocking-chair. Nothing unusual could she see ; but just beyond a slight movement caught her keen eye. She grasped Net's arm and said in suppressed merriment— " Granny must be coming. See those two little black eyes just beyond the chair ?" In an instant the eyes were followed by a tiny brown head. Then an agile mouse sprang from a hole in the plastered wall to the back of the chair. Down it ran to the arm, jumped from there to the stand, and very industriously began tearing pieces from a newspaper. When it had all it could carry it hied away home by its previous route. The girls had been so interested in the little creature's movements that the truth never dawned upon them until it had jumped from the swaying rocking chair and disappeared into its hole. " Granny, as I live !" exclaimed Kit. " Hurrah ! Uncle Harvey ! Uncle Harvey ! we've spotted the ghost !" And then they laughed long and loud until the squire appeared. The chair was still rocking from the impetus the tiny mouse had given it, and the mystery was explained. " I thought the old lady had been making kind of free with my papers lately ; but I hated to mention it, not wanting to seem selfish," was the Squire's only comment. Aunt Sarah came home after the walls had been replastered, and Uncle Harvey gave each of the girls an elegant gold ring for services rendered. And would you believe it? After the thing came out, not a soul could be found who ever believed there was any ghost—not even Mrs. Elkins herself. That ring is still among Kit's choicest treasures, and she is often persuaded to exhibit it to her children's guests—of which I chanced to be one—while she relates how the Harris ghost was laid. At Dinner—The Host: " Will you take a glass of wine with me, Mr. Moriarity ?" Patrick Moriarity, Esq. : " Bedad, its whisky I'de loike, me honey, but I'll take a pratie, av ye plaze. Compliments of the honeymoon. Bride : " Henry, do you know that you snore ?" Bridegroom : " No ; do I ? I'm very sorry to hear it." Bride (dryly) : " So am I." 