f.'ARE yOJJ OONyERTEP?' (To the Editor.) Sir, — In your l.-Qt issue you baye an ap point pf an induction seryioe $t putjlal, in whi.ob t^e Rev. «[. Alldis is reported, as a minister of the Gospel, tp have Maid some vpry strange things. In faict^ coming as they do froqi ai* ordained olergymau of the Pro testant church, I feel almost siuuupd wheu I consider their absurdity. He as good as tellq us that, apcqrding to c-t. Jraui s iio()pei, no one has authority to n$k another 4( Are yop con veiled ?' ?' Arp you saved f' ' Po you feel that your sins are forgiven, and that if you were to die to.qight you would go to Heaven,' Jjat me say at opoe that if this is theporreptinterprptatiop pf t|ip Acts, and that paen and woqien are forbidden to testify as to the all paving ppwer pf Jesus Christ, Otitis tianjty and the whole of the toachiuga pf the Bible aip the greatest frauds ever kpown iu the life of mai-. ^ut 1 hold di^creut views, the opinion of thp Ilev. J. Alidis notwith standing. The lives of men and wiiuieu the wide-world oyer have been mude better aud more Christ- like through, the testimony of those who fraye told the stpry of their conversipn to others, aud I would go so far as to say that i* it were pot for supb testimquy Christianity, witty its large army of preachers, wopld have pever ipade the progress it has. tVbat woulq be thought of a man who, having found a never-failing cure for snipe deadly malady, kept it to himself and allowed £cores of his fellowmen to suffer, few would Ifeep thp cqrp as a secret, but would hasten $0 pro? oiaiiu itg wondetful powers to al| willing to listen. And sq it s|iou}d be with Chrint atifi his ppwpr tQ b^vq. |Iaying lived in dark ness, perhaps for many years, aud then fouud the fopntaip and tasted pf thp waters of eternal life, should we pot after receiving itt and feeling its wonderful e|f«cts — its great power to satiafy the prayings of a thirsty soul— go forth tp all the peciplp and proclaim the glad tidings. The I^ev. «J. iAlldis says we should not. I don't believe '? it, beoause I believe if the world iet to ' be won to Christ it is to be dpne oo]y by preaching, and testifying on the highways and by way 8 to all tha*? passeth by. Qf this I am positive, if people cannut be converted by this means they most certainly cannot be converted by the chanting of ceitaiu . hytpns twice on the Sabbath, and giving utterance to the stereotyped words ' I believe' iq the Father, Sen, aud Holy Ghost,' The world needs a practical, live, every-day religion, not a conservative, orthodox, ipatte'r-of fact teaohing, meant only for thove who dresQ in broad-clqth and in polished seat^ with largle bibles, in this contention J. am borue out with the experience that while the Anglican Church has gpne back, or remaiqpd stationary, the modern church, or the church that is conducted on evangelical lines, has made headway by leaps and bounds. — -Yours, etc., A COISYERTEP ONE, October 19, 1897. 