TOPICS OF THE WEEK Sir George Turner "well deserves the knighthood which has come to him after two years of the Premiership, and he is to be admired for quietly accepting the honour when it was offered. Some Australian poli ticians, pandering to a spirit which has its roots in the envy felt by small men when honours they miss themselves come to their contemporaries, have made a merit of pub licly refusing knighthood when privately asked if they would like to receive it. In some quarters it is pretended that titles are inconsistent with democratic institu tions. No doubt, some of a hereditary kind (barring, of course, the white knight hood) might he. But so long as there is competition in the race for life titles aud distinctions will have their ubcs, even in communities under democratic institutions. The rivalry begins at the cradle, it i6 en couraged in every way at school, and it sometimes manifests itself at the funeral ceremony. A title is the recognition ol public success, and so long as men win success so long will they he envied hv men who fail to rise above the commonplace level. "Him clever," exclaimed a certain one disdainfully, "how can that lie, when 1 went to school with him," The Ameri can dearly loves to be called "honourable," so does our Executive Councillor and our Upper House member: yet "honourable" so used is one of the emptiest and most mean ingless distinctions in the world. The remarkable fact about Sir George 1 Turner is the quickness of his rise. 3 Prior to the dissolution which led to 1 the fall of the Gillies Ministry he j had not been heard of. Most of our j politicians have had to wait long for j office. At the general election of 1S91 Mr.; George Turner came in for St. Hilda, on the vote, it was supposed, of the young men of the district. He was at once perceived to have an aptitude for slurping bills, and more ready to lend a hand in amending a Government measure, though in Opposi tion, than in picking it to pieces. Mr. Munro, the then Opposition leader, recog nised Mr. Turner's capacity, and provided him with a portfolio when the Gillies Minis try fell. During the rule of the Patterson Ministry Mr. Turner aerved as an Opposi tion leader, and when that Ministry ca»e| to grief he was marked out by his manf ; useful qualities as the inevitable Premier- . Sir George Turner owes Ms position in liament to his industry and his character. His word binds him. Hie is without bru-, liant parts, and ho is far from baring* dominant will, but when the Government goes straight he gcts-ibe credit of harisg led the way, and when It truckles <° twj labour party or deviates fixnn the on*»m path members say that the Premier l"1 failed to assert hjmsplf. Hie judgment on most questions is that of an average prof i tical man. Moods of popular feeling orcjj much beyond his ken as harmonious souw» are beyond the man - Who baa no ear »■ music. When be leaves the beaten _ at the suggestion of some artful colleafljV to catch popular feeling he generally v wrong. Every, coup -attempted by «\f Turner Ministry has failed; and Mr- < jthe Attorney-General, who, as tbey coursing, rung cunning, is understood., such occasions, toBct%hepertofS>r9*®T Turner's bgd angel Ww, smart and ^ fessful barrister exercises, even in the professional Influence"jfwr the 4 ■■ plodding sttokney. ; %• A strike over a qneiUonof etiqu »tlJC— was what the marine engineers ■ pro vided as a New Year festivity. But for the owners issuing a circular, asking their employes whether they were satisfied with existing arrangements, no strike notice would have been issued. Therefore it is on the basis of that breach of etiquette that war was declared. A sudden Btop was put to the steam ship trade at a time when the usual rush takes place from Melbourne to Tasmania and New Zealand. Traffic waB brought to a standstill, hundreds of travellers prevented from travelling, hundreds of men thrown out of work. Sir Thomas Buxton, Gover nor of South Australia, became a fixture at Menzies' Hotel. He took kiB lug lage on board two steamers, and neither was allowed to leave. Why the stoppage ? The iBBuing of the cir cular was "a breach of the agree ment," though the agreement contains no clause prohibiting an employer from consult ing with his staff on questions of mutual interest, and though the institute had given notice of the discontinuance of the agree ment. It was not a question of pay. Though the men in the Australian trade are even now the best paid engineers in the world, the steamship-owners were willing to restore the 1893 rates. There was nothing urgent to fight about. When they issued their No vember notice the executive of the insti tute were content to let present arrange ments run till February 24. But in December before they would agree to a conference or let a steamer depart they demanded the concession of all the claims they were willing to dis cuss in February. If the circular was con trary to the agreement a protest from the institute and a reference of the owners to the institute by the men would have suf ficed. Why, then, this trouble? The an swer is that disregard of etiquette wounded the amour propre of the insti tute, whose interests as an institute were considered overwhelmingly more im portant than the interests of the engi neers as njen wanting their pay raised. This is Sne of the fatally self-in jurious elements in unionism. The union is more concerned about asserting its own influence than promoting the welfare of its members or studying the convenience of the public, which is sole master of the |position, and a mighty powerful master, as [events ever prove, notwithstanding there being no one to expressly formulate its judg ment. It is as transparent as day that the leaders and not the men were responsible for the inclusion of the shipping strike among the events ushering in 1897. In Melbourne the excuse fastened upon was the issue of the owners' November circular—a circular differ ing only in point of view from the one the institute itself issued inTiiarch, when it de sired to find out how far the engineers were tben disposed for mischief. But no owners' circular was put forth in Sydney, and the in stitute was driven to fasten upon the refusal of the owners to surrender at discretion over the chartered steamers question in order to produce the same deadlock there as they had already brought about here. Wbat can the public be expected to make of such tactics? Do tbey not show that the executive of the institute, like all union executives, very quickly reached the low toiling point which is characteristic of inionism ? The executive lost its head with the first excitement, and could bat plunge precipitately into war. The question of the chartered steamers was as unsuitable a one to Btrike over as the Melbourne circular. There must be a great deal in it to argue Dver. No dcubt it was aggravating to the engineers—engineers who "mind state affairs"—to see "foreign steamers" entering iuto the intercolonial trade, with officers, engi neers and sailors pud on the " foreign " scale. But the competition was not to be greatly ireaded, and it cannot posaibly last. That there cannot be much in it is proved by the Iteamship-ownere so readily agreeing to raiBe the Australian scale of pay. The chartering !>f steamers from England or elsewhere could only be a temporary mode of meeting a tem porary rush in the trade. If the increase of |>usinesB were likely to be permanent it would i>est pay Australian companies to bnild new teamers. On the other hand, if the rush is at a ru3h, the simplest plan for all parties as to meet it with emergency measures. It ould not profit the engineers on the Ans alian roll to have a large increase made to eir numbers, to be followed when the West Lustralian tide slackens with a large reduc ion, not only in numbers but in pay, the Elect that almost invariably follows when liere are more men than there is work for. pme speculative firms employ none but char red steamers, but their presence in the ade must he even more objectionable to the isociated owners than to the men. And no lartered steamer can be out here long with it having to employ officers, engineers, and ew on the Australian soale. A question hicb can be looked at from so many points view reqnires much discussion; bo when e executive of the Institute of Marine agineers demanded instant surrender on the irt of the owners they had palpably taken e strike fever, whioh professional unionists id so catching. Hie second strike of the marine engineers inspired, like the first, by the offended |nt of unionism. " Stop all ships " was I order, " till the men taken on by the >ers are dismissed." It is possible to make te allowances for the unionists. They 'e formed an institute or guild, by means whioh they have won certain advantages ■marine engineers, and they object to men will not be members enjoying benefits have not fought for. Kay more, if non nistt were allowed to get employment in numbers, unionism might dwindle away, all the advantages won might .belost. is nothing new in this. The guilds of same purpose and made the same claimB. ey were established to limit competition and keep up rates. Why the guilds died ^ eir inevitable death and why their perish ing was good for trade we need not here in quire. The point we wish to make is, that when any set of men obtain a monopoly they place themselves under a moral obliga i°a, where their monopoly concerns the public, to go on serving the public. The in stant they strike they forfeit their position. he first strike of the marine engineers was a capricious one. The convenience of the travelling public was comnleteiy and utterly ignored. The busy season was selected in order that the maximum of inconvenienoe might be felt It was the duty of the steamship owners to keep up the Bervice if they could. There were hundreds of persons wanting to travel. The owners had to choose between instant sur render and getting hoid of marine engineers who belonged to do institute. Huddart, Parker, and Co., who had exceptional ser vices to carry on, found several engineers and got their boats to sea. Now the members of the institute, who have consented to a truce, demand the dismissal of the emergency men before they will resume duty or go to a con ference. The demand is one which could not be made in any court of law. Under the law one man has as good a right as another to take work, In this instance, all the law requires is that the applicant shall have passed the necessary examination. No act of Parliament says that marine en gineers shall not only hold certificates bnt be members of unions. The rules of the in stitute say so, but surely the institute does not claim the right to make laws for the people of Australia, who are not repre- j sented on their executive. What we insist on ' is this. Society tolerates a monopoly only on the understanding that the monopoly! fulfils the duty it undertakes to perform, and the moment the monopolists strike they for feit all moral claims to exclusive possession, unless they can show that striking was forced on them by some intolerable wrong, Tbey have no legal claims to exclnsive pos session. In this case the engineers cannot say that they had adequate grounds for strik ing. Their executive acted from caprice or passion. It is the fault of the institute that1 non-unionist engineers have had to be en-' gaged by the steamship owners. Messrs. Corby and Park, together with the unnamed "officers" who have assisted them in bossing the strike, have been as high handed in their proceedings as it they were a Trades-hall organisation with the whole of the Labour Party to back them up in their illegal proceedings. Numerous provo cations have been given to the steamship owners—some of them deliberate infractions of the laws and customs of the trade—yet Messrs. Corby and Park are the persons who do all the squealing and compiainiug. It is impossible that they can be properly representing the feelings of the engineers, who as a body are an intelligent and "catmy" set of men, disliking nothing so mnch as to be standing idle and missing their pay. The custom, it not the very letter of the agreement, requires that the men shall give 24 hours notice, yet they have been called oat on an hour or two's notice. It is the re cognised rule of the trade to give and take notice only at the pott of departure or arrival —the home port. At Ihe beginning of the strife several ehipB were allowed to finish their voyages along the coast. But latterly the engineers have been called out en route without any consideration for anybody. A crowded vessel like the Innamincka, whose port of departure was Sydney, and whose port of arrival is Adelaide, was " stuck up " peremptorily in the Yarra. The interests of a large nnmber of through pas sengers were quits disregarded. What does the professional unionist care when he is boss, and the engineers are playthings to be ordered about as he chooses T There is evi dently great discontent both in Adelaide and Melbourne over the arbitrary proceedings of the executive, but what voice have the men in the matter? Huddart, Parker, and Co.' have engaged two or three emergency hands.' At first the order was to stop all ships; next to stop Huddart, Parker, and Co.'s ships only, andtorefuBetomeetMr. Parker in conference. The circumstance is completely lost sight of that a considerable number of the mem bers of the institute are in Huddart, Parker, and Co.*s service, that they are well satisfied with that service, and want to resume daty.1 They are to go on the unemployed list be- J cause the Corby-Park bosses think that the' sacrifice of a company of engineers would be j a good military stroke. Strike warfare is very I like other warfare—the generals, from an j eminence, direct the firing, and the men in I the trenches stand or fail according as thej generalship happens to be capable or incom- j petent. i It is very satisfactory to hear from Mr. George Nicholson, manager of the Outtrim Howitt and British Consolidated Coal Com- j pany, that its coal is turning out well on; the railways. Outtrim coal baB always had a good name. Of course, Mr. Nicholson lias the calling of the witnesses in his own hands. He shapes the questions, and the' yes and no answers he prints have to be ac cepted without that useful kind of cross examination which clears up mysteries. A series of questions, framed with consider able art, has been submitted to the "me chanical engineer, Victorian railways," andi the replies are given, but we see no signa ture. The witness testifies after the manner of the nameless "professor" in the licensing case. It appears from his answers that it takes practically as much ANewcastle coal aa Outtrim coal to drive a suburban engine. The discrepancy between the rate of con sumption now and some years ago istdar-' vellous., In December, 1890, it takes 63,21b. I Newcastle coal per-mile to drive a Suburban j engine. In 1884 the rate was 351b. The j artfiillv.frflfnftd rineatfnuih hnWnyfr planation that since heavy engines were in troduced the rate has gone up. But the suburban engines are not of the heavy class, and even if they were, so remarkable a rise as one amounting to 45 per cent, needs full elucidation. Does it represent loss or gain in haulage? Has the test been made on a fair basis, or only to suit Outtrim coal? If the "mechanical engineer" was available for cross-examination at this point we might have the figures shown to be utterly misleading, and, from the questioner's point of view, intentionally so. Mr. Nicholson claims that since Outtrim coal was taken there has been a saving of £30,000, but is not Sapphira here keeping back part of the truth? No thanks are due to the Outtrim Company for the reduction. For, when the 1896 tenders were called for, it was party to the making of an offer which the Premier described as outrageous; and is it not a fact that if tenders were invited in the open market the Outtrim Company would not get the ghost of a show of ob taining the contract? Mr. Nicholson's catechism suggests another. How many members of Parliament and newspaper pro prietors hold shares in the name of dum mies, and who is the person who profits by the unique device of obliging the Outtrim miner to buy an allotment for his cottage when he enters into the service of the com pany? A process of generating electricity direct from coal is described by Dr, William W' Jacques in " Harpers Magazine" for Decem ber. At present it is in the experimental stage. Should it prove workable on the large scale it will solve the fuel problem of tbe future, and give engineering a new departure. Heat, electricity, fcc., are modes of motion convertible into each other. We obtain electricity to light the streets by burning coal in a furnace, which furnace converts water into steam, and with the steam we drive dynamos which set up electric currents. The process is wasteful. LeBS than 3 per cent, of the energy locked up in the coal comes out as electricity. The rest escapes up the chimney or is wasted in friction. When coal burns it is tbe oxygen of the air entering into chemical combination with the carbon of which eoal is mainly composed ; and tbe resnlt is heat. Dr. Jacques's aim was to effect the combination under circumstances in which there could be no burning of the coal, so as to see whether the result would not be a enrrent of electricity. He sus pended his fuel, in the form of a prepared stick of carbon, in liquid potash, and then surcharged the potash with a stream of air. The overplus of oxygen united with the carbon, which was consumed with i out being burned, and there was j an outflow by wire of electricity I sufficient to drive a motor. Counting both | the coal burned in the furnace which kept the potash in the fluid state, and the carbon used up in tbe liquid, Dr. Jacques finds that he can convert 33 percent, of tbe energy into available electricity. This is an immense gain on existing methods of obtaining elec tricity by burning coal and driving dynamos. So far his experiments have succeeded admir ably. Dr. Jacques finds that the carbon sticks can be cheaply made, and that iron, properly prepared, will serve for the pots. At first platinum pots had to be used, but iron, which is very cheap compared with plati num, can be made to do. If his hopes are realised ocean steamships will need to carry but trifling quantities of coal, and most of tbe immense space now required for furnaces and bunkers can be utilised for passengers and cargo, while the speed pro mised Bhould enable the Campania to cross the Atlantic in three days. A facsimile of "The Times" of November 9, 1796, has been published to show what the great journal was like in its babyhood 100 years ago. The sheet is a tiny one of four pages; and yet it is surprising how many traces of "The Times" of to-day can be found in it. There are the title, the type, the solid look, &c.; In size and character Jt is very much such a sheet as some of the leading Australian newspapers were guilty of modestly putting forth when they ven tured into life before the early fifties. Some how, all newspapers making a start for themselves — the first-born of the com munity they spring up in begin in the same way. Except for the news and the spelling, which has changed considerably since 1796 (and the old-fashioned form of s, which is freely used), one might take the early 'Times" sheet for some Back Blocks first number. An unwritten, and as yet un discovered, law must control the beginnings of newspapers. Naturalists say that be- i tween the embryo of the human species and j the embryo of certain quadrupeds there is, j for some time, no distinction. The de velopment is everything, and what a uews eheet of four pages may develop into is for time and circumstances to tell. In journal ism the greatest progress has been apparent since the fifties, and much of that progress | is owing to what steam and electricity have done to extinguish distance. "The Times of November 9, 1796, "is sorry to announce the resignation of George Washington, Jisq., of his situation of President of the United States." It took from September 27 to No vember 8 for tbe news to reach London. There Is hardly any part of the cmlised world which is not now in touch ™ electric telegraph, and at any moment The Times" ol to-day, and every other great daily newspaper of to-day, may havfe to make room for a message about events which have happened within a few hours 12,000 miles away. We In Australia knew during the,--current 12 hours of tb« suit of the Presidential election of Novem ber 1806. Our forefathers 100 years ago could not have been very eager for news the appetite had not grown. The Times Parliamentary report is only a few lines long — bare resultB pf the business done. spects, like flesh with ourselves. An Irish lottery was being drawn, much in the same way as a Tattersall's lottery is being drawn in Australia now. There iB another respect in which the times do not appear to have greatly changed — a considerable part of the advertising space in the front page of the little sheet is filled up with testimonials in favour of infallible medicines. All Back Blocks sheets begin with support of that kind. Under "dress and fashion" is adver tised the "Minerva hat," and among the literary advertisements is one promising on the name of "An Asylum of Genius" cash aid to luekless authors who want to let the public know that they have written a book. Both institutions are still with us under slightly changed names. 