y m it The|S(u|raay fDopvict, vrho lived lears anions: tlie Blacks. f- 'i-Cv . ,JB. A ji ^CHAPKSR V, .. (By W^-lftM* The party divided and went to test in •these primitive -habitations. Bockjey, vfibse posltion v^as ii⁢ ^elffliHr-,* was rather cratnpe/i by bis lied fellow, who was. altogethf ,>r an enfcremely offensive individual to 'pass the wight with in such close quarter's. Dirt and grease, with which he vr as bedaubed, increased ibe disagreeabl e odour natural to bis black skin, and:* be kept aw- ake throughout the night, mr jttering to himself as it in 'ear of some enemy, or was it the nightmaie trough'„ on by an indigested portion of the loVjster. he had discussed some hours beforf; ? This wakefulness prevented BacVcley from slipping away as he i&r; ten(Led to do, in the da-knese of the nig ht ; bat at dawn when the natives wished to resume'the march, he pat his f«ot down against going any farther. The blacks on this had some warm ttranglings between themselves and much violent gesticnlaiions .with their obstinate captive f but JinaHy the victory remained with Bnckley. They consented to leave him, bat signified that they wished to have his tattered, socks, probably as a pledge or'maybe a souvtnir. Luckily for him that be' had Australian- bSaokfl- to deal with.' Had he been in the hands of. the wild Red-man they might have insisted on taking a lock of his hair, with a goodly portion of his scalp attached. However, Buckley would" not t»ke the socks off, and although the blackfellows stamped their feet, strack their breasts, and looked disappointed and fierce, still he was obdurate. His determined opposition was in this instance also a complete success,, for .presently they went away. After several minutes one of them came back bringing with him a rush basket full uf berries, which he offered in exchange for the much coveted convict hose. But Buckley, who, as we have seen more tban once, cuuld be very resolute at times, kept to his first de termination, and ihe black, seeing that be could not gain his object, departed, leaving the basset cf berries in the miamia. This basket was a skillfully conttived article ; thq rashes of which it was made having been Bplit md. ingeniously entwined eo as to make a .small open basket of neat appearance. The berries, most likely tbe native cbeiry, were fresh and wet with the'morning dew, and made a yery acceptable breakfast to our unsocial and friendless wanderer. Backley waited a few bours and finding himself again quite alono made off as fast as he could towards the coast. He reached : a spot where the sea beat violently upon a rocky and shingly beacb. A short distance out were several seals, some sporting about, seme sleeping „on a cluster of rocks. He trudged along the seashore and as the day drew to a close he looked about in vent for a sapper and then regretfully bethought him of the previous day's repast with the natives. He decided to return to tbem and started off in search of them bat lost his way in bis endeavour and went hungry to ned that night within the hollow trank of an old gum tree. During the day he ~ had picked nip a firestick—a torch of bark about two feet long commonly carried by the native women from one camping place to another in order to ignite the domestic fire. With this Buckley lighted a .fire in front of his natural bedroom, for the weather was chilly. The blsze attracted a number nf wild dogs, opossums and native bears, and the horrid howls of the one mingling with the shrill childlike cries of the others, kept the highly wrought man in a tremulously nervous state. Only once „thironghout that ilood'curdling'night did he peer into the darkness and tben seeing, nothing around him but the -phantom-like trees he turned his his head and tried to shut ont the hideoas noises which' seemed as a weird chorus in wbich be was the central figure ..with*invisib!&forms; fitting everywhere above him and aroand bim. Towards morn the . fire had burned low and be cared net to venture out from his shelter to replenish it. A fitful s.umber consequent on his thorough exhaustion from his long watching came over hiis, bo^ it did not last long. Suddenly a hideoas noise Irom theoyerhanging branch of a tree close by b r oke forth on a crisp morning air and awoke him with a terrified stare. Gazing upwards in his fright he descried a number of brown sombre looking birds rather larger than & pigeon with ijlumpsy heavy bodies and (^proportionally large beads. Tbeir widely distended beaks gave forth the unearthly combination of chuckle, hoot, and bray which had - aroused hin» froth his sleep. The birds, : io MB imagination, seemed to be jeering at him «s just before each outburst they looked at him cuiiouslj and knowingly _ with their hea'ds' slightly bent as if intent on peering into .his very marrow. Th»y were laughing Jackass birds which have a delightful babit of arousing with hr-r e«ii|ca«hiDation ia^ijefore aofl#fe »U . lie%4)ed3 - - - - hurnari - • dr • - - •*-"< Presently the other .birds in the forest took up the strain r and (he whole air was filled with the warblings and chatter was heralded in the birth of another day. As soon as tbe sun jhed sufficient light Bockley again eseayfdito track" the natives, hut ere the day was ort he was comjdetely bewildered by the labyrinth of gums and similar trees, and the gereiat samemss of the landscape wbi<*h has hot - unfrequently been noticed" by later travellers. . Consequently for several. days he rambled distractedly through <a thick bosh finding no food and onlyjoccasionally getting any water Every sight he was visited with tbe same seemingly unearthly jooises which r baniBhed sle|j)Jlrlwi -"first heard. A man of average sirengifi would under sueh circnmfttances have been completely tired out and unable to mov<e ; the giant Bocklej. however, although gradually becoming more dazed sontloaed in a dreaiiiy iiianher to wands' here and •there, sootetimee obtaining a few roots brbsmei-mth wh!#i^%laythe'giui»riiigii; of ,his emptyatomaefc. „ 0 .„ .Jb catoe tSf targe lak^ at other wild fowi itt graat numbers, Bwam, dived and hovered about its surface. In their way Ifre condition they wore a very la^lja^ye^BMB to t^bWrw ^df^ lesa wSnderOTk JS» m 4lM!£ of considerable size ran oat of the lake and believing that it emptied itself into the n«?an on tbe shores of which he wotM surely come across some -coramres • of "a catchatle kind, sach as lobaterp, mussels, and other shell fish, he drugged bis weflry way along the river's bank and ukiimetely anived*t the beacb, near to the place fipm he had seen/|fte seiald: gliding,off meklippery rfecks. Somewhat cheered at recognising the spot after the perplexities of his straggle through the bush mazes, be bad anj— ther endeavonr ta reach tbe i>atire huts. This time his efforts were successful, and lying jdosrn in one ,.4>t ihem Jhe. indulged himcelf in a long, and much needed, refreshing sleep. On. waking he went out and picked handeful of berries of the kind;the.native had left him, and these sbstained liim for several days. His best movements took bim back to bis { Sea-beach Home' where he again settled down for a long period Winter came again,' and t'ie weather grew so inclement that the bleak beach became a miserable dwelling place. As the cold increased, bis cbiet food, shellfish, became more and more difficult to find, and he began to think he bad eaten out ''the neighbourhood. His clothes, too, after their long and rotgh service were worn to shreds, and afforded hardly any warmth. The accumulating weight of these hardships was too macb for me animal spirits of Buckley. His long sojourn in the bash by biinself at last told terribly upon him, and completely cowed his stubborn nature. He longed for a change. .Anything wool I be bette/ than his 'present position. H«i therefore determined: tike the prodigal son in the parable, to arise and go. unto: his legal keepers, and ones more endure, the thraldom of the. convict settlement. With this intentioil be set cff, : bilte ly regretting that he had not done so' many montns ago when?hie mo^pef^en^ sible ocmpanions bad~ made ^illieif, minds to retarn. One evening when worn out with many days' trudging on the sands be -found himself hemmed in by the inflowing tide against an almost perpendicular rise' of rock. To escape a watery grare he clambered into a .large cavern just above high water mark, and was about to seek repose there for the night when several seals or seal-elephants came splashing, suoriing, sprawling, in at -the opening of his retreat. Being a close prisoner (ill the sea should go down he was horrified at "their arrival. Fear Caused iiiffi to spring dp and utter a wild yeli, and in so doing he struck terror into the slimy invading monsters. Scrambling one over the other they tumbled back again into their native element, leaving Buckley an easy victor, and sole possessor of tbeir rocky lair. They did not again disturb bim during the night, and when the. tide receded next morning he resumed his return journey. He made but little progress. His stiength was failing fast, and be could keep up for only very short stages. After several days he got back to the river in which his first fire-stick bad Deen extingaisned, and ou its banks he dragged himself into a thick scrub. Here be constructed a rude shelter to protect himself in a measure from the icy coldness which severely affected him, and tben he went to sleep. Waking early in the morning his ejes ligbted on a mound of earth with part of a native's spear stuck upright on top of it. He was in want of a strong staff lo support his enfeebled body, and. therefore, feeling no compunctions in desecrating tbe grave, if indeed be knew- at'tbe time that he was a grave, he "appropriated the spear. This spear subsequently proved a veritable staff of life to him,, as; we shall see later on. Next day he nearly lost his life in eroBsiog the -river, which was running, with a swift and fiobded current. He was carried some way down s»ream, but, by good fortune, an eddy or cross current drew him near enough to the opposite bank to enable him to clutch an overhanging branch, and with its assistance he straggled out. After tbese great exertions, so exhausted was he, that he was with the-utmost difficulty.be managed 1 to crawl on bis hands" and knt%s to the shelter of a bushes, where, bitterly cold and miserable, he^ lay down and passed v most wretched night. . - He felt tbat bis last hours had now surely come. r Tbe, dismal-- dingoes' horrible howls in the surrounding dorkjiess, awakened anew in his breast the old superstition common all over England, tbat a dog's howling always for bodes death ; and he felt that it could be none other tban he who would new be the victim of the grim and gaunt messenger of eternity. But when morning broke, the instinct of sell-preservation again asserted it 6elf, and he determined to postpone for a day. at least the feast which tbe doge seemed to presage they would have on his carcase. He hobbled ahpnt from tree to tree picking gum bit by bit, and mating it as he went. However, the exerition soon became too mnch for him and he was presently forced to abandon his search for food and sink to tbe ground at the foot of a large Eucalyptus. In blank despair he lay there, he knew not how lung, awaiting death to end bis suffering. With his spear clutched convulsively in one hanif*. Jse a| length swooned aflii&r; \ jTfvt ' .H CHAPTER VI ; ADOPTED BY THE BLACKS. Although hope was gone, help was close at hand. While he was thus lying there tbe sharp eyes of two dusky daagb lers of the foresf perceived bim, and, with the. truly universal curiosity of their sex, approached closer to get a better view. If is not surprising that they were greatly astoni&hed;, if not alarmed, when the,closer inspection revealed their gaze a man different to any they had ever beheld. To convey to their husbands the intelligence that fflef bad" discovered a monstrous -man With white features and limbs did not Ik-jke them long, and very soon.thos* worthr-s returned *mh their better, a&d; Uglier, halres to the spot where tbe With a caution quite natural, although there were fonr to . attwiiniatf^ wan* was utterly lelpleas and bearing the marks of long privation. Jlhey summoned l^nffici^Bt -This WrtttBed Backley from his stupor, and he straggled into a sitting posture with tbe. help of the spear, wbich had all tbis time been clutched by_ him as ja dy'ng manclutehes a Btrawr-;': As. be gazed in a dazrd sort of a way at them, he looked like one just ariebn from the dead. And this idea eeelm^^a have/ taken bold "bf the *—'-iFft'" hifl, bk^t discoverers^for these ilaSpte^ n^hded children of nature, on seeing the familiar spear in his hand, thought tbey recognised in Buckley the ' re- embodied ghost of a departed warrior belonging to a neighbouring and friendly tnbe, and whose burial they had only lately-assisted: ' According to'aboriginlal theology,- tbe spirit of tbe late lamented man ought to be still hovering around. It was also an article of popular belief tbat tbe blackfellow after death jumped up whitefellow and bere^ ^ truly, was a case in confirmation. They laid hold of-the worn-oat Backley by the arms, and, after greeting him with friendly thumps on the chest, managed to set him- bp his feet. ' Then the women got one* on each side and helped bim along, while the men marched on abeid shouting", making hideous noises and wildly tearing, their hair,; and be' aving in a 'verv extreordinsary, not to say extravagant, manner generally. Whether tbese gesticfiHti^is and outcrieB denoted joy or sS^row, 1 Buckley does not say. - They proceeded thus fi>r a shcrt distance and came to a couple of mia-mias where, the women obtained a bowl or calabash, a rough sort of basin made by the natives out of the knotty excresence of a tree hy tbe aid of fiw and a flintstone, and into it put gum and water wbich tbey mixed mio A pnlp and offered to the almost expiring Backley, who devoured the mixture eagerly.' Next they gave him soue large fat grabs, which the women procured at tbe roots of trees; and underneath decayed logs. These grubs .completed hia meal, and sucb Was his famishing condition bt tbe time that be thought them delicious, and a laxnry equal to the sweetest marrow be had ever tasted. The meal ended, Buckley felt greatly revived, although still weak. Notwithstanding the hospitality shown to bim, he had no confidence in a con— tinoance of the good offices of .his " black' ^nefastors, and would have hft them had he been able. _He did not like their l»oks. Certainly tbey were beautfe?. More forbidding countenances could scarcely be imagined. The handle of tbe face, as that expressive organ - the. £iose is jieqnently ' called, was., feat; *»itfe widely distended nostril?, and bad through its septum, as an effort at ornamentation, a short stick of reed, wbich certainly did not add to their attractiveness in Buckley's eyes. Their rmouths were large and cavernous with banging heavy thick lips ; below these a large anderjaw denoted great strength, very necessary for the tearing asunder and mastication of tbe coarse food tbey had to subsist on, their teeth performing many offices which civilized people delegate to knives and forks. Bemarkably quick eyes sunken afar back and overhung by busby brows, bespoke a watchful and suspicions, if not a treacherous nature. Retreating foreheads and hig check bones com- pleted the delineation of their features. Surmounting all was a luxuriant growth of jet black bair on tbe bead of both men and women, and rather longer" on the latter. Both men had thick sbaggv beards, .and on shoulders .and -chest the hair also grew strong and thick. Each had a band made of bark fibres wonnd round tbe heEd either for ornementorto keep tbe hair within bounds. Ti-eir faces might ba described as speaking faces, every mood was reflpefed in them as in a mirror. In respose, they bcre a very sallen, not to say morose, aspect, bnt when interested in anything this completely vanished, and in its place a most animated and bright expression t-evealed to tbe onlooker - that the blacks had within tbem considerable vivacity and nerve. Tbey could not boast of extravagance as regards dress. T^e women's atti-e was bunches cf feathers tied with a bark cord at tbe waist and banging around the loins in form of a skirt somewhat shorter than tbat of a stage fairy ; while the men were content with wearingjajtrips of furred ekin depending about 12 inches before and behind from a; skin belt. ' Both'sexes had slim limbs and walked pigeon-toed, but with a graceful and an active step. Tbeir bodies, it might also be mentioned, were • plen tifdly bedaubed ivith -Jhe^ fat 'gotae'} aibimiaX-.;; ifiis probably Eerved a utilitarian as well as an ornamental purpose for the grassy coating must in a measure have warded eff the inclemencies of tbe weather from their otherwise almost bare'skins. During the flight Backley was con* tinually disturbed. by the mbjans '<>f the women, who seemed to bim to be lamenting deeply over something that had happened. Next morning he observed that their faces and limbs were frightfully lacerated. Their ugilneBS had Deen largely augmented by the wounds from which blood was freely flowing. It was a frightfully sickening sight to him, and,made him still more eager to "quitsuch" undesirable" "cbmpa^'^f, thought he, they could thus inflict such pain or torture upon themselves without any apparent reason, what might Ihey not'do to him should tbey choose to consider him an enemy. Early next day the men by signs told going ,a , journey in wfitch he must aoccmpsny" them. The start was soon afterwards made, tbe men in front with Bnckley in the middle between them, tbe women, carrying the luggage, following at a little distance. Tbe blacks were all watchful tbat tbeir captive should not escape them andmarched along in silence until a (now called the Barwon) was ; reached. After a while they forded tbe river and on the other side of it on a marshy plain where Buckley to his great diBmay detected the forms of numbers of nativeB .moving about among the scrub. On seeing him and his captors, whom they evidently expected,, fully one honored natives emerged and" steered fojuurds them: Presently Backley," quivering fiom head to foot with' anxiety for his future safety, s closely regarded "by tbeir enquiring and mt&veted; looks, while his rescuers told with a gr- at deal discovery. .. (To be. Continued.) 