A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PAR LIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSI DERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WIL LIAMS’ PINK PILLS. (From the " Australian Workman.”) On Thursday afternoon, our repre sentative made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Orown lano, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was an invalid on the rapid road to con valescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: “You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of value to those who are stricken as I was.” " How long were you suffering?” “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health', and after four years of gradual development oi the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.” “ What were the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did you make use of the order?” “ No; I came homo and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I conld nob walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I wasjknder him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is nob infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the 'cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the “ Australian Workman,” by Dr. Williams Pink JPills for Pale Peoplo. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The ef fect was as marvellous as it was magi cal. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. Ib was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tak ing the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigor, and vitality. You see those crutches there 1 They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." “ He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, “ Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previously. “ I can now,” continued Jarvis, “ have a cold bath, and all feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going on the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I k?.ve to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the manelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has b9en amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again hair caused quite a sensation out here.” Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures wrought by Dr Wil liams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, ssch as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowan, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at the Glebe Isand abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gowan was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, as tounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are obtain able from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Coy., Queen’s Place, Sydney, who will for ward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s 9d, or ■£ dozen for 14s 9d. 