STRANGE ENTANGLEMENT, 0cacPr5n VII. (CONTINUED.) "BuT is it within your reach, sir ?" Graco rejoined coquettishly. I hope to aoarost 1" he replied, as, unable to resist the temptation, he stooped and kissed the rose-pink lips. "You are too good, Grace, to deny anyone a joy you can so easily grant. Say yes, sweet love, and we will spend our honeymoon abroad-in Italy-the gentle air of which shall dye the roses more deeply on your cheeks. It is all very well for people to talk of the pleasures of anticipation," he laughed; " but, by enjoying them too long, the reality is somotituss lost." His words seemed singularly to affect her. The expression Dr. Wel don had noticed snrsrng '.., her half veiled eyes. - cue hand crept up to his shoulder as she exclaimed, " Oh I Charles, promise you will always love me-always, as you say, no matter what might occur I Never lot me feel the loss of your offection now it has ouoone been mine-it would kill me I Let the joyous life you have described -the life wherein we shall be all in all to each other, and the world for get- be indeed ours I" " Grace, my own darling, nothing on earth could over occur to make mo love you less l" lihe cried fervently, holding her graceful form closer yet. " Look not so piteously grave, dearest I You pain me grievously by this seem ing doubt. I could not live without you-I would die for yeou! Grace, only speak, and the delightful existence I have described we will begin to-mor row." Gazing auxiously, fondly, down upon her, the officer waited her reply. It was not long coming. Raising her eyes to his with a smile, she said: " My life for the last two years, and until you crossed my path, Charles, has boon such a weary, monotonous, friendless blank, that I can refuse you nothing. Henceforth, my wish is the echo of yours. Whore thou livest I will live. I ask but your constant love." "If I would, I could not cease to love you darling." "Effis and your old friend Mark Boy's wedding," she laughed, her head yet pillowed on his breast, " will take place a week hence; let ours follow quickly, Yea;" she counolded, as the light of her eyes faded, " I shall be glad, Charles, to leave Dowerholmo -for awhile." It was nine o'clock before Captain Ashurst left that evening, and never had he known so happy a day. Mrs. Weldon had taken care not to be in the way, and Grace had looked more beautiful and had boon in gayer spirits than he had ever before seeoon her. Anxiously he had watched for that expression the occasional presence of which Doctor Weldon's aunt had managed to hint to him, accompanied by her nephew's advice ; but not once had it visited the gre? eyes into which he was never tired of gazing. Together they had arranged that Captain Ashurot should remain at Holmehuret until after Mark Roy's marriage-at which he and Grace had promised to be present-then proceed to London to put his affairs in order before returning to claim his bride, when they would start for an indefinite tour upon the Continent. When he loft, his betrothed, leaning fondly on his arm, accompanied him to the terrace. There awhile they lingered, until, pressing baher once more to his heart with au assurance of his early reappearanuoo on the morrow, he tore himself away. Once or twice lhe looked back to wave his hand to her stauding there so fall of grace and beauty in the moonlight. With happy esiles she returned the greooting, until the broad path sweeping round the leanfless elms hid him from her sight. For a brief time Grace Aldhun con tinued gazing on the spot lost in thought. Thou she moaned as her head drooped low ou the balustrade: " Forgive me, heaven ; but how re ject this happinues ? I cannot-I cannot I No, no; it is not a sin l Wherein was I to blame in that cruel paet? I must proceed-I cannot, will not go beck now I Yet there is one course I must follow. On that I am resolved, whatever may be the cost. Only-only I have not yet the courage I Kind heaven, aid me, give me strength whoen tie hour arrives give me strength, and him, poor Charlie I" Meauwhile Captain Ashurst, pass ing through the lodge-gates, lhad come upon two men conversing in the reoad. One respectfully touched his hat, the other, attired in a snuff-browsu coat, nodded, saying, "Evening, Captain Aeshrst." "Ah I is it you, Mr. Brown ?" re plied the officer. " Tlaking a stroll? It's a fine enough night to tempt any one." " My friend hero and I," remarked the detiotivo carelessly, indicating his companion, who was no other than Edwards the footmenn, " happened to meet at The Haymakers, sir, just now, whor e enjoyed a glass and a talk together, when I found my friend so remarkably well-informed on a matter I have an interest in, that it was he, not the night, which attracted me abroad." "Really !" said Charles, smiling, as with another touch of the hat Ed wards retreated up the avenue. " May I hope to prove as agroeeableo a com panion back to The Raymaklors, Mr. Brown ?" " As agreeable, sir, but I fancy not so profitable," retorted tis detective with a dash of dry humonr. " Those footmen are the most brainless, con sequently most conceited, idiots I ever caine across." "Have you gleaned any news of James Walters from him ?" exclaimed Charles Ashnrst surprisedly. "Why, what could be possibly know ?" " VWell, sir, that's just it-nothing," eaid the detective, who seemed sud denly to perform the same action as a nearly-trodden-upon snail - namely, to draw himself swiftly into his shell; "but ho's such a chatterer that ho's lot out a name whiclh manny lead to some roeslt." " Whoso ?" " Excuse me, Captain Ashurst, but that wuld sconrcely bo honorable to I mention as yet, oven to you. Be cer tainly you shall learn everything at the right time, sir. And now, good-night, for as you may suppose it wasn't true what I said before that wind-bog. I'm out to-night on business." " Then I will not detain you, but wish you every uuccess," replied Cap tain Charles, ignorant of what he was wishing. " Take a cigar before you go." "I don't mind if I do. Tiose reo galias are first-class. Thanks, cap tain." Mr. Brown lighted his cigar by Charles Ashuret's, and as the flame flashed up, his eyes gazed strangely in the young man's face. Afterwards the two went their separate ways. As the detective pur sued his, his countenance was exceed ingly grave, and he muttered: "I shall be deouced sorry i Still, duty's duty." He continued along the road until he reached the fir-plantation. Halt ing at the stile dividing it from the path, he leaned on the top bar and contemplated the deep depth of dark ness beyond. Soon he heard a stop approaching. Glancing up, ie saw the newcomer was iMark Roy striding along, gun on shoulder. They had met before at The HIay makers, and now exchanged salu tations. " Are you thinking of turning game keeper or poacher-eoh, Mr. Brown ?" laughed Iloy. "Neither at present-too risky for me," was the response. " The truth is, I was thinking how any lady could have had the courage to come through such a gloomy place alone after dark." " You mean Miss Aldhuu ?" "Exactly. It was plucky to say the least. OI course, on any urgent matter, any lady might." " But Miss Aldhul came only out of kindness. Well, to do a kiud action is an urgent affair to her, heaven bless her I " exclaimed the gamekeeper. " Ah ! I don't wonder she got such a shock, though. Have you many poachers about here ? " "More than we want," laughed Mark Roy, throwing his log over the stile. "I'm after one now, though I'm blest if I can cateh him. The springes are set; I get them, but I can't lay my hliud on the setter. UH's as slippery as an eel, whoever he is." "is it against the rules if I come with you ?" inquired the detective. "This place is private property." "Trespassers are forbidden," said Roy; " but you won't be considered a trespasser while in my company. Come if you feel disposed." " I should certainly like to take a lesson in poacher- catching," remarked the detective, getting over the stile; and together the two plunged into the deep recesese of the trees. The night, however, so far as poachers and springes were concerned, proved an unfortunate one for Mr. Brown to gain experience in gamoe keeping duties. Neither one nor the other was diecovered. Nevertheless, the detective seemed to find in the sight of the Doep Tarn full recompense for his trouble. He was so struck by its wild, weird aspect that he could scarcely drag himself from the spot. He walked round its banks and peered into its black, sluggielsh surface. "Well," laughed Mark Roy, "you've a strara taste. When I a lad first cams hero with the head keeper the Deep Tarn used to give me the horrors. I always used to think dead men were in it and that their ghosts would spring out upon me; and-well I haven't quits got over my dislike yet. It's an uncanny place. See I" and, catching the other's arm, he directed his attention to a splash of moonlight on the surface, which a chance breeze or falling cone had made throb and quiver, "doesn't it look for all the world like a dead man's face peering up ?" " Something like it," replied the detective. " Certainly it would have a more cheerful appearance by day light. Have I your permission to como and see ?" " If you like ; I won't take you for a trespasser," anuwered ltoy as they quitted thie place. " P'r'aps you're an artist. There was one hero once who was toolk with it as you are." " No," smiled Mr. Brown as, reach ing the stile, he bade the other good night ! " My genius doesn't lie in that direction. I shall come however to-morrow." CHIIAPTER VIII. Ding-dong, ding-doug I l'hey were wedding-bolls that on this particular morning awakened the eohoos of tho Holmehurst hills-the wedding- bolls of Efis and Mark Roy's marriage. Graoo Aldhun, who had presented the bridal dross, was there, and Cap tain Ashurst gave away the pretty, blushing bride. The church was foil as if it had been a very grand wedding indeed, and among the spectators was Mr. Brown, seated in a distant pow. For the last few days he had not cooeen Captain Ashurst-the fact was, he had avoided him; but now, as the ceremony was over, the wedding party passed out into the churchyard on its way to Dowerholmo where the wed ding festivities were to be kept, the two, for a momenut, came together. " Why, Mr. Brown, I fancied you had left, as I had not seoon you," ro marked the offioer. " I've had a little work on hand, oaptain." " Have you a clue ?" "At last, I believe." Captain Ashurst paused inquiringly. " Not now, sir," said the detective; "you're waited for. I believe you go to London to-morrow morning ?" "Yes. Shall I see you before I leave ?" "For certain, captain." " Will you not accompany us, and wish the bride joy, eh ?" smiled Charles Ashuret. "Nothing I'd like better, sir youth and beauty's one of my failings -but I can't. Business, you see, bo fore pleasure. If any class of men must hold to that it's our's, captain. Good-day, I am detaining you; Miss Aldhuu, I soo, is waiting." " Nowes-nws at loat of that ecoun drol, Darcy Beauchamp I" reflected Captain Charles, as he hurried to join his betrothed. "The worst of those detective fellows, they are so deuced olose. He might have given me a hint. Perhaps ho's right. It little matters, if. only poor Ned's murder be avenouged." Thie weodding-breakfast was spread in the servants' large hall of Dower holmo, the rafters of which had boon hung with evergreen garlands. Hero, when the cake was cut, Grace Aldhun had entered, leaning on the arm of her futuro husband and looking very happy and beautiful, to drink the bride's and bridegroom's healths. Later on, as evening had closed in, the tables and chairs had boon pushed aside for daunicg, when the young mistress had appeared again to open the ball with Mark RBy, nervous and proud, having for iri a-ris the captain and blushing Eflie. It was at this period, when the mirth and happiness were at their height, that four men crossed the stilo into the fir-plantation. They were not poachers, yet they carried dark lanterns and proceeded with evident caution. To-night there was no moon ; but the weird obscurity of the place seemed in no way to affeot them. With a lind of measured tramp, like persons accustomed to drill, they ad vanced, crushing the delicate ferns beneath their thick-soled boots. Suddenly a man armed with a gun, sprang up in their path. " All right," said one of the four who took the lead. "It is you," was the whispered rejoinder. " You are late." "By a quarter of an hour. Now, show tise way, there's a good lad." The speaker was Mr. Brown. He whom he addressed Jim, the under. keeper. The latter complied, saying in a low tone : " Whatever do you expect to find there ?" " Suppose you wait and see ?" Crushing onward they went, Jim in advance, until they came to a halt. Where ? for everywhere was dense darkness. " Uncover the lanterns," whispered Detective Meddows. Two broad white rays of light shot across the black waters of the Deep Tarn, flickered among the long, rank sedges, and were lost in the gloom beyond. What could they be going to do at that hour which needed all this secrecy ? One of the men, shaking out the bundle he had been oarrying, showed it to contain a small sot of drags. These two of the men began to use, while the other two, kneeling on one knee, guided the light upon their operations. Jim also bent down, breathless. What did it all mean ? No one spoke. A dead silence reigned, save for the tear of the reeds, or the flight of a pheasant startled by tihe light. Every eye was fixed on the drag, but none looked so intently as Detec tive Meddows. A true detective is as keen in the human chase as a hunter when pursu ing a fox. Except leowever for the reeds and the mud, the drags came on without obstruction. Abh, nol What was that? The two men had been brought to a sudden halt. Some heavier weight had evi deutly been caught. Did it hold ? Yes. Possibly some long-felled sunken tree ? What was it that seemed to whisper to each other that it was not that P What instinct told them what it was P In his excitement, Detective Med. dows started to his feet, coming to the very edge of the Tarn. "Careful, lads," he whispered. "Don't hurry. Bo tender with it. Don't let it slip. Now, now I That's it I Tihe lantern a little lower, Jack son. There-that's the way. Now up \- now - a little more I Ah-h-h I I thought as much. He's found I " He ? Who ? What ? This ghastly object, covered with mud and dank weeds, which slowly rises above the sluggish surface, and which the mon dragging to the bank reverently, but with a shudder, place on the grass. What was it ? Jim asked himself the question as lie leanued forward. Then he leaped back, sick, pale, aghast, for it was the body of a drowned man l Drowned I Was that all? That mental questioner this time was Detective Moddows. " Fetch the stretcher, Jackson," he said aloud. " We must remove it at once." " Where to 2" inquired one. "To an outhouse at The Hay makers. Look sharp, or we'll be coming across some of the wedding guests quitting Dowerhlolmo." The stretcheor was brought, the body of Daroy Beaucehamp was lifted on, a cloth thrown over it; then De tective M~leddows led the way to the They failed however to reach it unobserved. The guests were already leaving Dowerlelmeo, and before they got to the village they were followed by a small but rapidly-increasing crowd, wondering and ourious. When the bride and bridegroom withll their friends had all gone, Cap tainu Ashurst stood in the drawing room preparing also to take his depar ture. Graeo was near him. She looIked weary, pale, tired; while a preo-occupied expression was in her eyes. "A penny for your thoughts, dar ling," said her lover, gaily stooping over her, for they were alone. " Why, how grave you hlave grown I Let us, dearest, at least say good-by with a smile." "Do you believe in presentiments, Charles 2" she asked, resting her hand on his arm. "Not much love. Why 2" "Becausno--because I have always felt my recent lhappiness too great to last, and to-night there is a sensation upon mo that-that it is over." "Grace, ney darling l" ejaculatCed ChOarles Alshurst, startled and deeply concerned; " what is this ? You cannot be well- you are tired, I will not go-" "You must I" she interrupted quickly. "Yea, yea, Oharlos. For give me; I am nervous and foolish," she proceeded, passing her hand across iher eyes. "I say I do not know the cause of my depression-it is not true. My own love," she wont on, regardiug him with intense afos. tion, " in a little while it will be our wedding, as to-day was Eftie's. You are about to take for wife one of whoso past you know nothing." "Quite enough to content me, sweetost," he interpolated, trying to embrace her; but she drew a little bask. "No, no; not enough, Charles I You must learn all-all bofore I beo come yours. I have a past, and no happy one," she continued rapidly. "I cannot toll you. Oh, I have not the courage I But see I it is written here," and she produced a small packet. " Take it with you to Lon don; open it there, and read it. Pro mise- oh, promise not to braak the seal before I" "Dearest love, I promisol" he answered, perplexed and troubled. "Thank you I Road it in London, Charles. Then-then write to me if you still desire that our marriage should take place." " Desiro it I" he cried. " Grace Grace, what do you mean ? Why all this now ? Do you believe that any thing in this packet, anything in this world, could make me feel differently to you, mush less renounce you ?" For reply she threw herself into his arms. "No, no, Oharleos, my own I" she ojaoulated. "Had I thought so, never would I have accepted your love ; I would rather have died than live till this hour. Only you must know-you have a right to know before I become your wife. There," she said, forcing a smile, " it is over 1 Think no more of my emotion. Take the packet-recolloot your promise. Farewell - and welcome, welcome back I" (To be continued.) 