Ladies Letter from Paris. As compared with what exists in other countries, there is no "spiritism " in France, j There arc not the less n great many people who nurse as a fad some "ism" branching from the occult sciences, not as a creed to uphold and to propagate, but as a puzzle, a section of the unknown, to solve. The planetary' system is held by this class to exercise an influence on human destiny. The moon has from all time been accepted. as a lunatic agent. But in tho phenomena of ghosts, spoofs, and an ethereal reappearance of the departed, the temple has not many worshippers. People in■ robust health, possessing a sound mind in a! sound body, care for none of these things. The late Countess of Caithness was the6alient example of the spiritism of tho period.. She everyday drossed, for a few hours, ma toilette of tho Elizabethan period, and withdrew to her sanctum to hold communion with the shade of Mary Queen of-Scots. She boasted | also to evoke the spirits of other celebrities, and to learn how the other worlds wagged. She was rich;. gave good suppers; loaned money freely, so. had a large following. She did not drop her mantle.on any shoulders. Be it remembered, they-aro'not the French who become' proselytes, but units from the cosmopolitan side of the population. This wiUbxplftiu the failure of if. Sardou's now play, "Sp iritis me." Despite bis talent and all the mechanical ecstacy of Sarah Bernhardt to interpret the incomprehensible, Parisian spectators,only rank tho pseudo drama as a farce. They ridicule it, so its premature demise was a certainty. They are scoffers/to the marrow, and enjoy exposing those who aim to hoodwink or bamboozle them. It is trno tho present times Ore very troubled; nerves are run down, and minds seek definite conclusions and concrete aims. But all that unrost does not accept spiritism as a calraant. Now it is in ! concluding, the contrary, that Sardou has ; failed. He believed that our diseased civilisa tion could bo cured by philters of tho new j astrology, till rebuked by his patients, who laughed at the medicine man, and ridiculed his prescriptions. There is neither plot nor passion in the spectacle destined to rescue society from the down line. Ibere is only one lady role in it, and that is the monopoly of the grand Sarah, who will never interpret a new play unless the female side of it 'is crystallised to suit her talent alone. She is a young and handsome.wife,.and wealthy; married to a doctor who passes all his time mooning over spirit curiosities. Being neglected, his wife, of course, elopes. The runaways arc reported as killed aua calcined in a railway accident. Tho fugitives did not travol by that train. By her misconduct, the wife forfeits her wealth, and beina: reduced to poverty, hoc paramour, a high-class swindler, abandons her. Her cousin dis covers her hiding place and destitution. Ho intends to work spiritism to reconcile her with her husband. Tho latter is made to believe that his wife is wandering throughout the stellar system, graduating iu a planetary purgatory, to be purified from her great' fault. V\Tcro the husband to pardon her, tho purification process would be at once effected, and the spirit restored to a haven of rest. As sho is dead, tho husband has no difficulty in according a posthumous forgive ness. But says the cousin, " Sinco yon loved your wifo 60 deeply, if she was ' resurrected,' returned in real flesh and blood, would you refuse then to pardon her?" Whilo the lius band is cogitating over that aspect of spiritism, the wife descends from the clouds, a diaphanous-spoof, and falls, into his arms. The curtain is instantly rung down, so the incredulous had only to laugh, while the tender soul spoptators gavo way to the work- ; ing up, tho churning, of omotions, by Sarah's bewitching pathos, and Sardou's clever bathos. Now this is the next to solo subjeot of society. conversation—for the moment, r I Fashions. The double-breasted jacket possesses very balloony sleeves, and' is rondo in cloth, gene rally of a plum or chocolate shade. Vigogne soft cloths are creeping into favour. Tho cloth. is .a "Eoft and elegant material for jackets. ^Respecting sleeves in general they are narrow-pleated up to the shoulder, ending in pleats of the same material at'the gown or bodice. For dinner toilettes the high body is in vogue. -The material isvelvet," silk,. or satin, the opening of the corsago- displaying fine tulle, gimp, or gauze. For. ball dresses cream is the fashionable shade, and che embroidery is very glittering, while being ttned down by violets and rosebuds. Care must be taken not to over decorate waists, as the owl vs may be tempted by tho belts—jet, gold, silver, and buckles of precious stones. Street dresses continue to be short; while remaining full and. very bell-abapod, the draping requires special attention to secure |graceful falling; above the hips the skirt must be close-fitting, and the godets at the back arranged to secure tho necessary stiff ness without impeding walking.' The blouse corsage has taken a new lease of life, and is patronised for day as well as for evening | wear. It is a very convenient article of dress,: | so cannot be suppressed. The large black j felt hat, with soft velvet crown, displays more j i moderation in plumes : tho toque is in velvet to match dress ; there is no iron rulo for colours. | 