' WA2TIED A POLITICAL ROGUE ? The . ' Bulletin ' in a recent issue, gave articulate oppression to the views of u number of Protectionists, and pro bably of a much larger number of free traders, with regard to the policy of tho Protectionist party. It is the wish of the ' Bulletin ' and, as we have said, probably the wish of a few Protectionists, and verv raonv freetraders that tho opposition party in tho House should formally declare itself as anotbor candidate for the hand of that beau fnl lady of dreams, Socialism, and oat- Reid Mr. Reid in the policy of pander. It is reasonable enough that many freetraders should desire this, for it would involve the destruction of tho Protectionist party, whicb can never hope to vio in the arts of political hum bug and dishonesty with the prosent occupants of the Treasury benches. It is also, porhaps, reasonable that a few Protectionists should hold the same view, for a sound fiscal faith does not always go hand-in-hand with general common- sense. It is furtlior eminently meet and proper that the 'Bulletin' obould favor this policy for jbbo sole plank of the platform ci the ' Bulletin ' is to smash things, and to smash the Protectionist party would be a fine destructive effort indeed. Bat it is not reasonable to suppose that the ' Bulletin's' counsel will have any weight with tho chiofs pf the National Party. The coutse ahead to tho haven .of success is so straight aud so clearly ♦worked that iuvitaliona to deviate from at jast foi th salce of twisting about are dot likely to be accepted. The radical weekly did not head iis i artiolo ' Wanted a rogue to lead tbe | Prottctiouist probably because of the lack j of sufficient concentrating ability or Z candor on the part of tho writer. That is the essence of its appeal, of which these are tho vital sentences. 'The '? Bulletin ' puts this matter to Opposition-leader Lyne. He has never yet beon Premier, so he is not definitely committed to any policy. When he was a Minister, ho belonged to a Cabinet which, by abolishing the plural vote, performed tbe strajghtest democratic action ever done in- recent New South Wales politics, so he can yet claim, it be has sufficient assurance, to be a Demo crat, hitherto suffering under shameful misrepresentation. He belongs to a p -rty which used to be the advocate of every Liberal measure and tbe opponent | of everything Tory, so he can again claim to be a Democrat, if he has tho awful amount of gall, which such a claim would require. He hae so far refused to advance any policy apart from Protection so he can say, if he likes, that bis demo cratic instincts have been boiling in con cealment under his shirt-front all this time. He has nothing to gain with bis half-hearted alliance with the Upper House ; the U pper Houso has done nothing for him ; brides, tbe present Legislative Council will die just as soon as the Reid majority makes up its mind to carry out its long-promised reform, aud it is no good being in alliance with a corpse. Lyne is not young and not known to be affluent, and he . has no earthly prospects of the Premiership as things arc going. But if be likes to take up in real earnest, from either good or bad motives, a thoroughly democratic policy, and to hire a really clevor ' ghost ' to prevent him making any worse blunders than are absolutely necessary, he has still a future b. fore him His may hold tho Premiership for six consecutive years and grow rich, and be in the running for the billet of head of the Federal State, and have good jobs to givo away to his friends, and go to Eng land at next Jubilee, and be made a deep ly-execrated baronet, and when he is dead he may have a large funeral and a statue, and ten colams of indignant de nunciation in the daily papers, and an obituary in the London Times stating that he was one of the most remarkable products of his age. If Lyne doesn't jump at the vacant situation, the same offer is open to whomsoever the matter may concern.' There can be no doubt that the pros pect which tho ' Bulletin ' holds ont on behalf of tbe people (is it on behalf of the people ?) is a tempting one. Cato would by it almost be corrupted. But then do the people agree with this weekly paper in calling upon Mr. Lyne to act the rogue ? We think not. We have still suffi cient faith in popular suffrage to believe that the ultimate decision of the people .will be for honest truth, and that the finally beneficial attitude is to with ? stand, not pander to mischief. Tbe colony has had long experience of an administration founded on subservience to tho so-called labor members; it bas had opportunity for jadging what bene fit has accrued therefrom ; of noting tho soandals of administration necessarily associated with the policy of pander. It' should be ripe for a change to honest and fair government. ' Honesty,' therefore, is the best watchword of the Protectionists, -and even weie it not in present circumstances politic we should still hope to sec it vaunted on their banners. Mr. Lyne need not grope in the slime for baits for the . electors. There are numberless pressing reforms tbe advo cacy of which will give him right good strength : Protection, Local Govern ment, Financial Reform will be mighty girders to any fighting platform, and if the poople have not yet learnt wisdom, and are indisposed to accept his prin ciples, let him wait rather than win a disgraceful victory by deceit. Protection is a necessary thing, but an even more vital thing is pore Government. The substitution for tho Premier of a Pro tectionist Mr. Reid would be only a measuro of reform. Wo want not only a Protedtionisfc government, but an honest Protectionist government. 