REVERBERATIONS. {BY HCGH KAIYPTBS.) < I was thinking what the late Captain Tofaner aid Sergeant Alford would have had to say &hont; the exploits, and the capture of ** the escapees," when the door, opened and two • persons presented themselves. .One was at soldierly determined-looking individual with * darc-and-do-it-hang - consequences - air about him; while theother was & smart, active doyour-duty-eort of office^ who seemed ready enough to go in anywhere whatever happened, .jtfy ^visitors seemed scarcely substantial, although tbey Bat on the solid chairs I ottered them* hat, titer a while, I recognised the one as<japtun Tolmer,famousfor his daring in Ae nwbme of bushrangers in the old days, .and the mother as Sergeant-Major Harry AJford.'who was eqtxally ready to face . danger against all odds. Said Tolmer's ghost —"What is all this fuss abtmt three men escap- ing fromt he Adelaide Gaol;- getting captured on the .Murray and escaping again?" " Oh! there mas -nothing much in it; three men shut ft warder and a prisoner in a cell in Howell's Hqjel, and got over the wall, while a Salvation Ajinyaeodce was goiijg onin a week day." "/Well, in my time," quoth Alfred "In ^y time," interposed Tolmer, ''in-my time we had 110 Salvation Army services, and prisoners might pray but not prpwL Why, a -prisoner in those'days would have been <ium\ \- -founded at having the handcnSs taken off "rn'm_ Jjut now he kiclraj^p a ixfw if he lias not « n o n g h W h m r i a man escaped in those days it meant tracking for days and weeks over country where yon would not see asfer&tch; in the soil unless you wore a bushman oE the best: experience, ask Tom Coward."A "Ay! So^" said Alford. "We had to ran' 'em down in those times, and no mistake. There was no telegraphs, except bosh ones on two legs, and no daily reports, aad portraita, and descriptions in the papers. Now, before a man can get twenty miles from . Adelaide, his description is all -over the country, and everybody waiting for him;he could be caught by a schoolboy only acous- . tomed to a paper chase across the Park lAnda. Talk about escapes, do you remember Moondyne Joe, who was'so smart at escaping that they built Mm an iron cage in Fremsuitle from which he got away almost imder the eyes of the sentry. He was the man who was several days in the Commandant's house, and, -after, enjoying; four or five years of freedom in the -bush, came back to have a Christmas spree, and got arrested in Dr. • Weyiand's wine cellar." I said "I did not remember,it,but I recollected hearing about \- the escape 8f John Gotten in Adelaide in 1840, when'he leaped over the paling fence; the arrest oE Stagg for his murder; the pursuit \--of Dyer, the notorious burglar; the pursuit of the gang of desperadoes on Kangaroo Island; the episode pf "Gentleman John;" the capture of the gang of Tasmanian bushrangers; th& escape of thirteen prisoners at. Dry Creek in 1893 in Charles Simeon Hare's time; and a lot or other things before and about the time I was barn.' "Ah, well," said Tolmer, "you remember a lot in which I took an active part before yon were in this world at all; but the records will, show that 'we had our work out to .capture criminals in those davs, when the telegraph was unknown, and photography.not ah advanced. science." '* Just so," said Sergeant-Major Alford; anclweadjourned —not for & drink, because they both vanished . into thin air before I had time to ask them over the way. After all said and done, those escapees, as they have been called, were very commonplace criminals, poor bashmen, by no means remarkable for ingenuity, and evidently quite deficient in resource. They managed to escape from the Adelaide Gaol, which was no great feat under the circumstanoes, and made their way to the Murray, to be captured in the most unromantic way. They got but of - a cell which appears to have been no more secure than the one- in .which "Jim," immortalised by Huckleberry Finn' and Mark Twain was shut up,' and in connection with which Tom Sawyer, after .his fashion, put on so much style. They provided ho material whatever for therom&ncist;, and even the literary hack, who bas x to work up the dime dreadfuls for American readers, would have to draw largely' upon his imagination to make copy for the publishers. The Frenchman Oliver, when placed in the dock, looked more like A wretched • puny guttersnipe tfflE^ a desperado, and his mates, George and O'Brien, were about as vulgar a pair of dead beats as could have been caught" witbin the radiu of the colony. The /whole three evidently felt mean, because they had collapsed at the capture, and it was not in them to keep up an appearance of pluck. Even if they had got away they would have-had no chahc^of distinguishing themselves a la Ned Kelly or Morgan, because as bushmen they could not have found their way in a fenced paddock, and as refugees they bad not go enough in them'to carry them out of the range- , oE , the law's long arm. Theirs was not an- exploit, it . was simply a fluke. Prospective prisoners, those insurance vile, and small-boy admirers of Jack Sheppard can take to heart this ludicrous lesson of burglary and bungling, flight and failure, and remember that the law is a kind of octupus, with many arms stretching in all directions and holding hard when it gets a grip. Has it ever been noticed that, with the eolonial carelessness in slurring over words, "horse-dealing" sounds awfully like "horsestealing. " A counsel in a case at the Criminal Sittings told the Jury that his client was a *• well-known horse-dealer.' but it sounded so much like " horse-stealer," that the Jury, grave and ..thoughtful men as they were, thought a smile, if they did not express it phvsiognomically. lawyers sometimes object to the constitution of the Courts, but could they con- soientiouslyhave done sb on the occasion when the Bench was occupied by a representative of the temperate Scot. Mr. Russell^ presiding, having on his right Beaglehole, the noted brewer, and on hiB left M. H. Madge, the apostle of teetotalism pure and simple? There was, metaphorically, moral influence and legal acumen in the middle, the ale keg on the right, and the tea chest on the .left,- with the general public, temperate or otherwise, looking on. What a coat-of-arms that would make! 