CHAPTER XII. Afterward, -when what had hen mysteries wert) no lonsrer mysteries, and we oould pick thc flaws in tho reasoning by which we :>ft<i failed to nxplain them, I blamed myself i.jt a little for losing heart so readily and for nl.iesing Fred's abscnoe as a disappearance, forty-eight hours after hi» departure on bis cmnd in Peyton Street. A 'disappearance.' i.\ the common ose of the term, means t.oeessariiy ono of two thing : the person in Question has dropped out of sight either ihrongh bodily mishap or mental aberration, which, though au unpleasant matter, may »nach no dishonor to his name, or he has fled of his own volition, thereby pleading guilty in advance to any and all charges w'jieii may be brought against him, and >.'stiring ts himself a good deal more dis grace than he may deserve. There was considerable evidence that (Jook Dad not been waylaid nor fallen a vistim to the perils of ibo city streets, and there was no strain of i ^sanity in bia blood. I could hardly defend myself, subiequently, by a plea that I had nut put the most uncharitable interpretation upon his case. In fact, I attempted no excuses of tho sort. A phase of the matter A-hich «onoernod mo far more keenly was the effect my faint- heartedness had upon my womankind, lt was my business to main tnin their courage at all oosts, to preach hopefulness tn thain to the last. And in tlii* I iráí rcfr.ifs, signally remiss, who^ iu a sccre of hasty words I blurted out enough to confinée them that I feared tho worst. lt was a sad blunder, and for ir I paid the pcualty ; for thereafter I was doomed to seo my attempts to encourage them wasted utterly, and to feel myself in part respon sable for their sorrow. Wo drafted through three more days uitseribly amagh. Dorothy and Mary faring oven worse than I, for my practice kept me occupied much of the time, while they had little to do but to wait for tidings which they had come to feir almost as irreatly as they had longed for them. Their ordeal was cruelly hard. If was telling upon them all the morp rapidly beoauso of the inroads mad« upon their strength by the unrelenting heat of H. city summer, to which they had insiM.el up.iu subjecting themselves. Kvon Mary, by tar the les» delicate of tbe two, was beginning to look a promising candidate for a physician'"! attention. Both of th<?m needed «hange of soene, and tuat, too, at. once. I determined, then, to appeal to Mary to forego her objections and to accompany Dorothy on a visit to the hills ; for Fred s inexplicable conduct seemed to have freed me from the obligations of the promises I lind given to him. It wan the third evening since my blunder, tho fifth since Fred's vanishing. I bad had only another series of failures to report as the net outcome of the day's investigations. A letter to Gook's father, diplomatically phrased, had brought from him the reply that he had received from his son no news a« to the manner in which the boy was passing his fortnight's leave, and that be was surprised to learn that I was in similar ignorance. Luckily, the old gentleman had not yet caught the alarm. When he should catch it, I looked for trouble. Of course he would hold me responsible in some degree for bis bon's disappearance. And a charming tate I would hive to tell bim. Dorothy, who was suffering from a head Ache, had gone to her room, and Mary and i wero alono on the verandah. The oppor tunity was not to be wasted. Drawing my chair close to hers, I undertook the ta«fc before me. ' I gave a pledge before Fred went away,' said 1. ' Perhaps, Mary, you should be informed of it, though when I gave it I had no expectation of revealing the secret. Bot Fred's extraordinary conduct-to call it nothing stronger-nuts me at liberty to «peak. I promised him to do everything in my power to induce you not to carry out your plau of leaving us before his return, .md I pledged myself further not to insist in the mean limo upon Dorothy going to the oountry. Now, Mary, I want you to help me, to saorifice your pride, so to say, and to tell Dorothy that you will acoompiny her to nome quiet pinos out of town. Circum stance? have changed greatly in the last few days. She is none too strong, as you know, »nd this business of Fred's is wearing her i ut. She must have a ehange of air and surroundings, or break down oompletely. There's the case in a nut.shell.' To say so much had not been easy. Two persons meeting daily for weeks, with every condition favoring intimacy, may fail to pass «he bounds of a somewhat distant friend liness, through their mutual liking may be none the less sincere- Very seldom indeed had Mary and I approached the confidential in our talks. My scepticism in the matter of ber grandfather's hidden wealth bad been somewhat of a barrier between as, and latterly ber unwillingness to ' increase hei obligations,' as she put it, had intensified the difficulty of arriving at a satisfactory understanding. Greatly as her reluctance anroyed me, 1 could not but acknowledge, upon reflection, that it might be justified from her point of view. Moreover, 1 had hesitated to broach the subject to ber, lest my interference might result in cutting sheri her stay, a consummation far from my desire Eren now, when Cook's disappearance had spurred me to active measures, I experienced a good deal of difficulty in preferring mj request. The girl did not immediately answer. ] oould not see lier face, for we were in a. shadowy «omer nf tbs porch, bat I could conjecture the doubt and perplexity of har thoughts. ' I am glad that you have told me about your promise,' «he said, at last, speaking very slowly. ' It is better that I should know of ft.' 'Sol think.' . fas, it is very mnoh better,' she went on. 4 Perhaps tie beat thing for ns would bo to be utterly frank with eaoh other. I need your advioo, doctor. Will yon not give it before yon press me for an answer to the question you have asked f' 4 As yon wish,' said I. ' J net before fred Gook secured tba pro mise from you,' she oontínued, after a pause, * he asked me to, marry bim. You must ? have known thaM * ' . So mnoh he told me.' < And my answer f * I judged that it was not definite,-at least that it waa conditional.' ' Yes ; it was conditional. He took me by surprise, in spite of-well, in spite of something that happened once-you saw it. I thought that he liked me, but- but-' 4 Pray go on,' said I, encouragingly. 41 tried to be fair and honest and con siderate in what I said, ' she continued. 'He had been so good to me. I explained ho« much my music was to me, how for years ii had been my ambition to become a singer, how the instructors in Boston urged me per severe. He listened so Mildly, so sympathet ically. And I told him that I liked him ; but the very telling of it so calmly made me donbt whether there was anything mon than liking, don't you know? Then he nrged me not to leave Trent, and that reminded me how dependant I was. Oh, how sharp was tho pang of realisation! And then came a longing for some ono tc oling to- I had never felt lt before ; I had thought myself brave and self- reliant, but al in a flash I knew that I wasn't. I eeemoc helpless ; my courage was gone. Gladi) would I have said the word he asked me tc say, but something restrained me. Ever then my ambition reasserted itself. I likec him better than any one elie, but was ] ready to give up all the old hopes f I thin) he understood ms.' ' Perhaps he was too sanguine,' said I 4 At least, to put it plainly, he appeared ti believe that in ease yon gave up your musii you would beoome his wife. Was hi wrong f ' 'Not exactly wrong, and yet-* Shi hesitated. 4 Yon, spoke of advice,' said I. 1 Yee, I am coming to that. But rfirst me finish the story. He insisted tht»t should not leave Trent at present ; but ! would not bind myself to stay. I though thal in a day or two I could learn my on mind and decide wisely. Then he wen awav. nobody knows where, and -' ' You've not reached a decision f' ' Not yet : your counsel may help me.' 'Listen, thin,' said I. 4 Here's the onl; course for you to follow. Go away witl Dorothy. We'll find a plaoe not too f« from tho city, where you can be informe immediately if anything ix learned of Fred' whereabouts. In the mean time, don' worry, and don't lot Dorothy worry You've spoken to her of obligations. Now if you will only consent to leave the cit with her, and do your best to cheer her u by being cheerful yourself, I'll count ever obligation amply repaid and a big balanc carried over to the other side of the ledgei Won't you promise me this as a very gre« personal favor f 4 Yes,' she said. It was the syllable I was most desirous to hear, even if it wf ; spoken with the utmost reluctance. One j her word was given, she oould bo relied upc I to keep her agreement. ' Thank you a thousand times !' I criée I ' Mary, I'll be your debtor forever. Ca you start to-morrow f* I 'To-morrow? Oh, doctor, not to-morov Gives us two more days.' ' Why f ' In two more days it will be a full wee since-' Again she paused. ' Since Fred dropped ont,1 said I, to finii her sentence. ' Two days P Um ! I don Uko the idea, but-well, will you go at tl end of them P' 1 Yes, if Dorothy is then ready.' 4 I'll drive her ont of the house if she tri to delay,' said I. ' But with yon as a con panion she'll ba open to reason.' There was a long pause after this decían tion, the girl speaking at last, and breaks in upon my reflections, the burden of whii was that I had scored a verv satisfacto victory. ' Where do you think Fred is ?' said sh ' Please give me your honest, opir.ion. J as frank with me as I have been witb you ' I'm sorry you've naked mo,' said 11 can only conjecture, and my guess wot comfort you. Here's a fellow who leave; friend's house, expecting to return in bf au hour. He doesn't re»urn. AU sort» inquiries lead to no trace of his whereabon He has left behind a valise, packed for I trip *« some one of several summer resor at none of which is he to be found. 1 i word reaches his friends, who are able or ! to satisfy themselves that he has not come grief in the city. I don't imagine for I instant that Fred is trying to play a ve poor practical joke upon us. So, altogeth' [ the unwilling belief is growing within I that he has run away, why or whither I doi i know. I haven't a ghost of a suspicion I either point.' 4 I can't agree with j ou,' said she, quick 4 It's impossible that Fred Cook should hi done anything of tue sort.' ' Seemingly most improbable, not imp sible,' I insisted. 4 Theri are queerer ca than his in the list of disappearances. C or t wo of them occurred right in this city. ' Is there nothing more to be done P' i asked. ' Several things will have ta be attempt if bo isn't heard from soon. To begin wi his father will have to be notified : he'll likely to assume charge of the sear Then there are the police. So long as barest chanoe remains that Fred may torn unassisted, I want to keep away from the No doubt they'd do good work, but pi licit)- would surely follow an appeal to th« I nave thoutrht of putting the case in hands of a private detective agency, but 1 not an admirer of the system. Frc fattier, no doubt, will settle suoh questic Ho will make a row because he wasn't cal ?pon the morning after his eon left us, i there will be a oertain amount of justice his side. I realize the false position weT in, but I don't Bee how it can be avoir So long as we're not absolutely ssro t Fred's case is not a genuino disappears! we can't afiord to risk raising a hue and i which would do him no end of barm i business and social way. But the day grace we can allow him are almost run o 1 Please do nothing more until the wee' over,' ehe urged. . ' Why the week ? Have you a premi tion that we snail see bim again, or 1 from him within the next forty-eight hon ' No premonition, doctor ; only a hope 4 Well,1 said I, reflectively, ' possibly days more will make little difference. L stand at that. After all, you're entitled voice in the matter.' 4 Am IV she asked, with a nervous 1 laugh. 41 trust »o' said I, earnestly. 4 If by chance Fred comes back, and if we find still the good, straightforward fellow he always (termed. I should very greatly lik think that music is no longer his snooef rival. Haven't these days of waiting n a difference in his favor f' She rose from her chair and crossed verandah to the hall door before answered me. 4 Again I shall be frank with you,' said. 'Have they made a différence' don't know. Sometimes - no, I « attempt to explain. All I can say is what I've said : I don't know.' t,To BS Cosnirmut.i 