RELIGIOUS. REV. G. WILLIAMS.—After fourteen years f useful work at St. Mary's Roman Catholic hurch, Port Adelaide, the Rev. Father illiams is removing to Kapunda. The impending change has been keenly felt by his congregation, and a petition bearing nearly 1,000 signatures was presented to the Archbishop praying for a reconsideration of the matter. This evening a farewell to the Rev. ather will take place at the Daie-street choolroom. JOHSSBURG CIRCUIT. — The Quarterly eeting of the Johnsburg Wesleyan Circuit was held at the residence of Mr.'T. Thomas on Thursday. July 8. The Rev. H. C. George resided, and was supported by Mr. Rajooney, the Home Missionary, and seven fficials. Income for quarter, £15 6s. 5d.; xpenditure, £15 6s. 3d. The meeting approved of the purchase of a bicycle for Mr. Rooney. Messrs. Coulter, Rooney, James, nd Toholke were appointed a committee from this Circuit to meet committees from the Orroroo and Carrieton Bible Christian Circuits, and to make arrangements rc adjustments of the three Circuirs concerned and report to the Federal Council. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas and family were heartily thanked for entertaining the meeting. In the evening the Rev. H. C. George gave his "Cornish tories" in the Wesleyan Church in aid of the Home Mission fuuds. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. Rooney read the report. CHRISTIAN CONVENTION.—The opening service of this Convention took the form of a "sunrise" prayer meeting, which was held in the Y.M.C. A. at the early hour of 7 o'clock n Tuesday. The morning session, comencing at half-past 10, was fairly well atended. Mr. Robertson, the Victorian vangelist, presided, and an address was iven by Mr. F. V. Pratt, M.A., of Sydney. r. C. A. Reeve, of India, gave a most interesting account of the University Students' olunteer Missionary movement, which riginated in Massachusetts, U.S.A., some leven years ago, and has met with remarkable uccess. Starting with less than 100 members, y the end of the first year there were 2,200; ow there are over 4,000, of whom oneourth are in the mission - held. In ngland there are 1,300 members, and 00 have gone out as missionaries; nd in Australia there are 6S members, with in the field. An address was delivered by he Rev. A. J. Clarke, of Hindmarsh, on ' The State of the Church before Pentecost," hat being the special subject for the day's iscussion. Iu the afternoon, at 3 o'clock, here was a much better attendance. The ev. James Lvall spoke on the appointed ubject, and the Rpv. Allan Webb, of Geelong, a ased a powerful, soul-stirring address on the ords, "Have ye received the Holy Ghost inco ye believed?" The addresses were inerspersed with hymns and devotional exerises. The Convention will be continued o morrow, when the subject of the addresses ill be "Pentecost." ANGLICAN MISSION AT POUT ADELAIDE.— he ten days' mission at fcjt. Paul's Church, b ort Adelaide, was continued yesterday by he ilevs. W. I. Carr Smith (Sydney) and P. f . Wis;?, with good results. At the evening • s ission service, conducted by the former, the hurch was filled, a large number of men p eing present. Mr. Carr Smith gave a powerul address on "Conscience." The Rev. P. m . Wise delivered a dinner-hour address at he Way and Works Yard at Glanville, and o et with a cordial reception. c a 