THE MYSTERIOUS MARRIAGE. CUAl'TRtt X2U.. WlIlTUKlt ? ' Tho October night sky was bright ana frosty. The.youug Lady , Nora Kildaio, lleoing from her iate prison nt Yaw Cottage,' in charge o£ the escapcd convict, Pogarty, towards the coast,' felt i her heart bound 1 exult antly within' her'/..' After her long fortnight of imprisonment in a dark coll, everything, looked strangely beautiful to her. . Instead of suspecting hor rescuer, her heart' was;, filled with'a glow of gratitude towards him, ? and already sbo was planning how she .would roward him for all his goodness? to her. Pogarty *proceodojl the quiet road for some'distanco at a'swift rate, and then turnod into a rood leading to tho^south and oast. - He had gone but a few yards upon his now course, . when tho sound of vobicle rapidly driven cauio to thoir ears from the road ho had just quitted. _ This vehicle drawn by a single horso, was proceeding towards Clondalkin, and had evidently como from Dublin. Pogarty looked back, ns did tho Lady Nara. At tho moment that the vehicle which had aroused tlieir attention passed tho junction of tho two roads, both had a clear view of it. _ It was simply a light dog-cart, and was occupiod by a man aud a woman. !Both those persons had their heads turnod towards I'ogarty's chaiso, thoir facos being in tho sbadow- For a momcut or so only was the opportunity for scrutiny continued. Tlion tho dog-cart sped on towards Clondalkin, and tho lightchaise hurried on its course, presently turning into auotlier road. Ah ! if but soma subtlo instinct had told tho lloeing girl that tho tonants of the dog-cart were her lover, tho young Lord O'Neil, aud hor faithful maid, Alleou Mahon. If only slio could have guossed that they wero on their way to Yew Cottage to roscuo her. Afid if only Wild Larry of the glen had suspected that the young girl ho looked at with such idle curiosity was tho imperillod lady of his love, what dangers, what sorrows, what auguish, might not have been saved to them both. ' But tho distanco between them provonted tho recognition, aud they wont their soparato ways. ' Tliank heaven ! wo havo loft tho Dublin road,' breathed tho young girl. * Did you see how I mulfled myself with my scarf and veil for a disguise, Mr Fogarty ? I feared that the man in that dog-cart was Michael ICildare. Ob, it would be terrible to meet him now.' 'Don't yo have no fears, my lady,' said Fogarty, reassuringly. ' If that littlo spider-legged lawyor _ was to board ua, ho'd find my grappling-irons fixed in his ilesh in a way ho wouldn't fancy. I could handle him as easily as a child.' Tho girl smiled faiutly, and shook her head. 'I should, havo said tho samoa mouth—throo weeks ago,' sho said. ' But I know Michael ivildaro now, aud I did not know hiin thon, although ?X Uavo been on intimate terms with lucb nil my life. It is odd how. wo mltjr be acquainted with a person all our Jivos, and think wo know hiin' perfectly, and wako up somo day to find that wo have been staring at a mask all tlioso years, imd that tho roal porsoli is- liidden under the mask, and wo know iiiui no better than if wo had never seen him: That has been my oxporienco with Michael Kildare. -1 sat on liis knoes in my childhood ; I fold him all my petty, childish griefs; gave him almost a daughter's.affection, ami I never once distrusted his love for mo, or his nobleness of nature, or purity, of soul. I thought him soft and. gentle as a woman, tender, aud kind, and affectionate, with a rather weak and womanish character, per haps, cut good and honest. And now I liavo found, under all his flowery softnesg — iron ! Ho would bo a dangerous opponent even for you, Mr Fogarty.-' ? ' I am not afraid of liim,' said the pretended sailor, touching up his horse. 'You would he if you knew him better,' said the Lady Nora. ' He is like a glittering, serpent, deadly! I liavo a-horror ofliim now—a sickening horror ! He protends still to love mo, but 1 bolievo ho would not scrupplo to cut short my lifo, if he beliovod my death would bo an advantage to him.' . Fogarty Hushed guiltily, and ?whipped Iris horse up smartly. Ho know only too well that Michael Kil tliire was capable of the wickedness of ?wilich the Lady Nora suspected his ability, and ho kuew also that Mioliael Kildare had decreed tho young girl's death. AV:i3.Fogarty not now by the lawyer's orders, conveying the Ludy Nora 'to Black Rock, there to decoy her aboard the sloop lie had chartered, and had not Michael. Kildaro told him that tlio young girl must bo cast ovor board . ill the mid-channel ? Noue lcnew better than Fogaity Michael Kildare's capacities for crime ! Thoy rode, on swiftly, passing, through Roundtown, and making their way steadily towards the coast. The Lady Nora Hank into a revorie, and Fogarty meditated upon his work, and wore plans by which ho intended to enrich himself for lifo. As they ap proached Blaok Rock, Fogarty slackened tho speed of hid horse, per mitting him to walk. Ho was a littlo ahoad of time, and, besidos, ho had no ilosiro to arouso..tho. townspeople from their beds. - It was his way, like Michael Kildaro's, to move as secretly and cautiously aa poasiblo iu tho execii. lion of hiii nefarious aebeiiieti, ' J. left the'inan aboard the sloop, .n;. indy,' he said. ? lie's a part owner,-and .hikes, cliargo, when I'm absent; but be can't go along this voyage, oil aooount of bis family *""" ' It's just as well,' interposed the Lady Nora. 'I am sure that you con manage the sloop alone.* ? 'Oh, yes. my lady, I always do, said the pretonded sailor. ' ""i" occurred to mo you might feel atraiu to put to sea with me alone—that you might bo afraid of me, like!' ?Afraid of you who have resouod me from a terrible perhaps from a terrible; fate I' cned tlie young. heiress, warmly; 'No, indeed, Mr Pogarty, I trust you as/T I would trust a brother ! You have shown your kind, good hearttoo plainly, for mo to fear you 1' < I am only an ignorant chap,* observed Fogarty, after ah embarrassed pause. ' You wouldn't think, to look at'ine, my'lady, to hear me speak, that I am the .grandson of a gentle map.; Yet I"am." My grandfather was a physician. His you'ngor daughter married da architect named Liffey, and lived like a lady. She. is Mr Kildaro's . housekeeper, and I wouldn't'wonder, to judge' from what, my mother says, if she wore some day to be Mrs Michael Kildaro. My aunt can play the grand lady to perfection. Tho doctor's older daughter married a man or inferior Bocial rank, a thrift less, jolly, drinking fellow, named Tim Fogarty. I was the offspring of that marriage. My father died when I was a cliila ? and my mother made her living by various humble ways. My aunt, Mrs Liffoy, .took a fancy to mo and sent mo to school, ? and I got a decent education, I wanted to bo a doctor, like my grandfather, but fate was too strong for me. Boing of a roving disposition,' lie added, with ironical emphasis and concoaled mean ing—having reference of his transpor tation at government exponso to penal colony, 'I set out to see the world. And I saw it! Did you nover hear of me, my lady—oi Mrs Liffey's nephew, Tim Fogarty ?' ' Nevor,' replied the young Lady. Nora. ' I knew very littlo of Mrs Liffoy, very littlo of Michael Kildare's households While papa lived I used to visit Dublin often ; but wo stoppod at an liotol, except once, when wo stayed a wliolo season, and papa took a house. And since papa's doath I lived at Kildaro' Castle with my stop-sister, as papa desired mo to do so. He said ho wished mo to grow up among the tenantry, to know them all intimatoly, to win their love, and to love thom all in roturn. Ho expected me to .spend tho most of my life at Point Kildare, and he did not want me to go off to Dublin and get a taste for gayeties, such as would unlit me for my quiot future. And so it lias happened that I know so littlo about Mrs LilTey.' ' That was a foolish question of mine,' observed Fogarty, with a breath of relief, having experienced a momen tary fear that liis antecedents were not unknown to tho young girl. 'How should a great lady liko you havo heard of a poor fellow liko mo ? But hero wo are at Blaok Rock. You still think, my lady, that you had better go aboard the sloop, and sot off im mediately for England ? You would not think it better to wait for' the packet ?' ' Oh, no, no 1 Before the packet sails, Michael ICildare will be in Kingstown, watching for me. Escapo in her would bo impossible. It is not as if I were of age. My only safety lies in going to night,' cried the young, heiress, impotuously. Fogarty smiled grimly under his false beard. ' You are right,' he said. ? You must sail to-night. And you cannot delay, my lady, to procuro a woman to attend upon you. We should bo off at onco.' ? Yc3, at once.' ' I was over to Black Rock this morning,' said Fogarty, ' and told my partner I should bo off for a voyage to-night. You seo, my lady, I made up my mind this morning to rescue you, and so L told my partner I should bring a young lady aboard to night.' 'You told liim that? Oh, if ho should havo betrayed mo! He may suspect- ' 'No, I took my precautions. I pretended that I- was going to elope with a young woman named Flaherty, and tlio fellow hasn't the ghost of a suspicion of the truth. So, my lady, if you'll just put tho veil over your face, my partner will thinlc it's all right, and say never a word." Tho Lady Nora complied with the suggestion, veiling hor face. Fogarty drove down tho street of the small town, halting near tho pier. Hero lio sprang out, assisting-the Lady Nora to alight. Ho secured his horse to a convoniont post, and taking his basket of pro visions in his hand, lie conducted his fair-charge down tlio pior, scanning the adjacorit Bay with keeu glances. " The sloop he had engaged lay near at hand, ready to sail. A small boat from her, with the sloop-master in it, lay rocking in tho shadow of tho pier. Thero wore other small craft in the vicinity, hut. thero was no sign o£ life about them. Excoptfor the three figures mentioned tho. pior and the bay seemed dosortod of human bciugs. . 'Sloop, ahoy!' Baid Fogarty, in a low voice. 4 Aye, aye, sir !' returned ; the man, in the row-boat beside the pior, in a similarly cautious tono. 4 A word with you, my hearty,' said Fogarty. Tho sloop-master sprang out oil the pior, and the two withdrew, a few 'paces, leaving the Lady Nora alone on tho end of tho pier, looking off upon the bay, whose pbosphorescent gleams and white caps shone through the pale gloom. . , ' About tho security for tho Bloop, whiaperod Fogarty, keeping an eye upon tho slendor, dainty figure at a littlo distance, with floating hair nua [garments blowing, in the wiud., ?Hero's the watch 1 promised,* and ho handed over his mother's greatest treasure, an old-fashioned gold Watch,', which lie had purloined during the day at a convenient moment. ' And for greater security,' ho added, ' thero's my borao and chaise in the street there, which, if you'll keep till I come back——' - ' That I will!' cried the sloop mastor, well pleased. ,? ' I'll', take the horse and chaise and drive home, and you can bo off in the sloop. . Or shall I go aboard with ye ?' ?* No. Is tbero water aboard ?' f Water/and provisions'a plenty.' To said nothing about them, .and thinks I,Lovers is fools,' bogging your pardon, ' and won't think of such a thing as a wind contrary, or being becalmed, or blown out of. her coorse,' says I to mysnlf,and so-I made boold to put a shtoro of thinks aboard, which you'll find 'em in the locker.' 4 I'll moke it all right, when I get back," said, Pogarty. 1 And now I'm off. Good-bye.' , . The two men separated, the sloop maste'r putting the gold watch in his pobket, and liastoning to ascertain the value of the horso and chaise left as, additional security for tho sloop, and Pogarty hurrying to tho row-boat, a rope from which was socured to the pier. 1 Now, mv lady,' he said., The slon'dor, girlish * figure turned and camo towards him, tho pale and lovely young face still hidden under tho folds of her veil. ? I'vo got rid of my partner,' said Pogarty, putting his baskot into tho boat, and assisting the Lady Nora to follow it.. 'Ho don't suspect ever a bit. Wo aro snfo, my lady, for which the saints bo praised !' Ho sprang into the boat and pushed away from the pier with an our. Then ho rowod rapidly towards tho sloop. They wore soon alongside. Pogarty steadied tho row-boat against the sloop's side, and tho . Lady ' Nora climbed over into tho'lavger vessel. ' I'll havo to let this boat trail after us,' said Pogarty, dropping his baskot over into tho sloop. 'I'll make her fast.' Ho hastened to do so, securing the loose end of the rope attached to the row-boat to tho stern of tho sloop, and then crept cautiously into tho larger vessel. ' Now we'll be off,' ho.said, pulling -up the anchor. 'The huilh 'if, catch the breeze in a minute. Ah, hero sho takes us!' ? Tho sloop gave a lurch and a bound as tho wind swolled her sails, oud moved slowly out into tho bay: The Lady Nora sat down, holding to tho vessel's side. The Bloop was a small affair, of some five or ten tons burden, and had been built exclusively for pleasure parties and excursions. Sho had a half-deck, occupying, one third of hor .hull. The cabin under this half-deck was too low aud small for sleeping purposes, and sorvod as a pantry and locker. The remaining two-thirds of tho vessel comprised simply au open spaco, around which ran a cushioned divan. 'When the suu shono thero was au awniug to servo as a roof over tho passengers, but this awuing of sail-cloth was now, of courso, hidden away undor tho half-deck. Fogarty unreeled his sails, and the sloop swung round to her courso, pointing her noso directly out into the bay, aud towards St. George's Channel, and began, to move lilco a horse warming to tho race. ' Afloat, afloat 1' tho girl murmured. ' We are leaving tho dangerous land.' Yes, but to embark on the more dangerous eea. Of all the perils that had over threatened her young life tho darkest was gathering about her now. Tho girl looked back at the feceding shores of the Irish coast, all her sorrow, all hor anguish and tho light of a groat hope shining in hor sunny brown eyos. ' Farowoll, dear old Irelaud,' sho whispered, softly. ' I leave you a poor, homeless t'ugitivo.. I will como back to you to resutno my old place, and to take up again my old honors.' Fogarty took his plaoo at the tiller, and sank into a respectful silonce, addressing how aud theu some observa tion about their course to the girl passengor. They swept on with in creasing speed. Au hour —two hours passed. The shoro-had long since disappeared bohind them. Tho light gloom had settled down all around them. A strange loneliness, a mighty desolation, seemed brooding over the restless waters. The youug Lady Nora gave herself up to her dreary; yot hopoful thoughts. Sho was weak from her long imprison moat. And by and by the little c loaay bead drooped to tho low bulwarks the sunny eyes closed woarily, aud over tho pale, sorrowing young face cropt the peaceful unconsciousness oE slumber. Pogarty's oyes gleamed with a wicked seuso of power as ho lifted them towards hex 1 in a sullen guze. ' Asleep,' he muttered. ' If I was to keep to my bargain with Mr Kil dare, this is as good a place any to chuck hor ovorboard. Perliaps I'd better. I'd have a hold on tho lawyer then, aud ho'l to havo pay me well. But' he'd havo a tighter hold on mo. How could I prove he hired me to kill liia ward? lie might have me arrostod for tho murder. The girl's a prize in tho right hands. 'Sho knows too much' about Mr Kildare to livo. She must enlighten me. I cau rnako my fortune out of hor, and I menu or do it. You wou't go to England, uot to Sir Kussel ltyan,. my lady, nor yot to any place you'd liko. You aro in my power, aud your lifo and death are in.my hands. Whether you'll livo or die I shall decide, and I hav'nt mndo up. my mind fully yet. And whero I shall take you I don't yet know.' Ho ehucklod grimly. Thon bo deliberately altered the course of the eloop,' and they went bowling on over tho wator? north- * .Alas . poorXady Nora ' . \ . jEo-nighfc, as aoou as the signal m received from .London that tUe thanks giving Jiymu at the Borviee at . St. Paul's has commenced, colored lights will be buriit at tho Post Office.: (To be continued.') 