THE SKETCHER POMPEY. BY AN ASTASIA CALL. Pompey belonged to Deborah Stone. He was not what might be called a pretty dog, and he had no "points" or breeding worth mentioning. He was just-a dog. Pompey was of the terrier class, one of tnose white coated brutes, with their thin skin marked here and there with dabs of black, and one of those patches happened to come over his left eye. It usually does, I believe, in this sort of dog, and it always imparts a sinister blackguard expression to the aiiimal deco rated with it. A black eye looks justasdisre putable in a dog's face as it does in a man's or woman's, and though it is rather unjust to blame the dog for nature's fault, some people have a decided prejudice against dogs so distinguished. There are dogs-and dogs. Some dogs are lively animals, with a most unmistak able smile on their faces at times, and a decided laugh in their bark when they are pleased. Indeed, it would not be too much to assert that there is often as much ex pression on a canine as on a human face. There are dignitied, majestic dog6, whose very stride compels respect; pert and fussy dogS, tliat yap eagerly at every trille; and, finally, melancholy dogs, these latter being noted for the miserable, woe-begone look in their eyes, and the sorrowful droop of their joyless tails. Pompey belonged to this last species of dog, and it almosi ap pealed as if he had committed some awlul cr.iue in his puppyhood, and grieved about it ever after. Deborah iStone was not a maiden lady, though it is usual to credit unmarried wo men only with a liking for pets. She had been married once, but her husband having died, a void was left in her life, and, like the majority of women, not being able to live without affection for something or other, when Pompey-a poor, wretched, half - starved cur - came into her possession, he naturally supplied a want in Deborah's heart. She had rescued him from a troop of mis chievous urchins who weie .tormenting iiiin, and'-the poor brute evinced as much grati tude for Deborah's timely intervention on his behalf, and subsequent kindness, as any rational, thinking creature might. Deborah acted in the capacity of char woman for a large drapery establishment, and lived on the premises. Her life, in her two rooms on the ground floor, would have been very cheerless and lonely without the companionship of Pompey. He'^ae not a pleasant dog, j et even his dull eyes brigh tened at his mistress's approach, and though he could not express much happiness in the wag of his tail, he managed to impart an immense lot of devoted affection to bifi man ner of licking Deborah's hand. Pompey was a remarkably harmless and good- tem Eered animal, too, and whenever, during is peregrinations through the streets, he mefro there of his race aggressively inclined, he usually appeared to think it was wrong to -fight with a fellow dog, for he would merely roll over on his back, and offer no defence. As a rule, Deborah protected hiro^ from any onslaught, so his pacific dispqsi-r tion .did not lead tot his receiving any. in_ '"^here was, however, one class of crea tures against whom Pompey manifested the deepest repugnance-boys-doubtless be cause of their previous cruel treatment of him -when he was a wandering outcast, with out a home or protector, and. the: only thing that roused Pompey's ire was the presence of those objectionable bijwdp. Unluekilv, there happened to b« a few employed in the warehouse, and between them and Pompey raged an everlasting feud. They lost no opportunity of teasing him, and the very sight of a boy sufficed to turn Ponipe.v's sparse hairs the wrong way. Poor Deborah was naturally much afflicted by this constant 'warfare. She never pitied the boys, knowing they were capable of taking care of themselves, but she did sym pathise with Pompey, and the treatment meted out to that estimable dog almost worried the life out of her. Neither was there any love lost between Deborah and her dog's enemies. She never cared for boys-looking on them as necessary tor menting evils, in fact-and they never missed a chance of making fun of her. Deborah usually did her cleaning in the early morning, having the rest of the day to herself. One day she was sitting in her little room knitting, with Pompe.v curled up at her feet. She wu« not much better looking than her dog, and with her hard, wrinkled face set in stern lines, she ap peared a singularaly forbidding old woman. We all have our oddities, and there are few without some symptoms of eraziness in their composition, especially if they lead a solitary existence, and "Old Deb," as the boys called her, though not mad by any means-being, indeed, a sharp, shrewd old lady in some ways-was decidedly eccentric, to put it mildly. Just as she was diligently "turning her heel" a sharp knock sounded on the door. Pompey immediately showed signs of dis comfort, growling savagely and wrinkling her skin, and, on Deborah calling out "Come in," she was not surprised to find it was one of Pompey's natural enemies, a boy named Billy Boddington, who was a most mischievous fellow, with a propensity for pulling Pompey's tail,* and annoying him in other ways whenever he siw him. This time, however, on entering the room, Billy made overtures 'of peace to Pompey, but the dog refused to be conciliated, and retreated to the shelter of his mistress's skirts, whence one bright eye glowpred out from the darkness. Deborah rliil not iip gear better pleased with the visit i ciiln'r. ut, seeing that Billy had no |n. at tention of. tormenting Pompey. sin' wait id til] he explained his business. "Grand weather, Deb," luon IMIy. swinging himself on to the tablr. : ! Unfi ling his legs therefrom. By-the-l»<. ' !i.v sitting on-a table dangling one's :? ^ --Jii'h a pleasant proceeding? "Fair," returned Deborah sli;irfiy."Wh;i> do you want?" "Want," returned Billy ii rm injured tone. "Oh! nothing. Just popped in for a chat. It's dinner time, you know." "Humph," said Deborah, discour.igingly, knitting with renewed speed, while Billy watched her in silence, and a keen observer might have detected a diabolically wicked IOOK in his eyes. "How old is l'uinpey?" he asked suddenly. Deborah manifested signs of attention at once; dropping her knitting into her lap, her hard face softening perceptibly, as she answered:-"I couldn't tell you his age ex actly, Billy. I've had hiui five years, and he wasn't a pup when I got him, so I couldn't say how old he is." "Did someone give him to you for a pre sent?" "No, indeed. I just rescued him from a lot of bloodthirsty brats that were tying a tin kettle to his tail." ""Then you don't kliow who owned him before?" asked Billy, iu a tone of intense interest. Deborah shook her head, and resinned her knitting. "Look here, Deb," exclaimed Hilly, excit edly thumping the table so forcibly that Pompey ventured out from Irs hiding-place and snarled most viciously al him. "He's a very valuable .dog, is l'ompcy. He's of the 'Sooluiu' breed, and there's only another like him in Australia. The (Jovernor of of-Sydney owns him, and our (Jov\ Hope toun is dying to pet one like him. He ad vertised last vreek for a dog just like Pom )n\v. J've pot. the paper in my pocket. Oh! no, I haven't"-after a fruitless Hearch-"I must have left it at home. He offers twenty ive pounds, the (»ov\ does, for a dog like Poinpev. I thought you might like to sell -jiin if vou pot such a good price, so I just Iropped in to tell you about it." Poor Deborah was very ignorant and very gullible. Having such a wonderful opinion if I'.impey too, she did not Bee anything Kiitiirisine; in Lord Hopetoun's desire for a log like him; and not hnving the slightest ?nisipk'ion that Hilly was "stuffing" ber-aa that vounp rascal would phrase it she swallowed the story at once. 1 ou don t av so. Hilly!" she ejaculated. dropping her knitting once more, and staring «t l$iH> so iiiU'iitlv that, it was all lie could do to Keep his countenance. "1 know there s not a bet ter dog in Melbourne than Pompey, but I did not ihink he was so rare or uncommon. What breed did you "ay? . "Sooluin," answered Hilly, without the ghost of a smile. "How lonfi is it Bincc the advertise ment. was in? ' . "Let me see," meditatively. Last Satur day 1 remember, Itecause I went to the football match in the afternoon. 1 must have lost' the newspaper then, Iwcause 1 did put it in my pocket to show you. "llow did you know that Pompey was the sort of dog "that was wanted?" "1 saw a picture of a dog just like 1 om pev once, and he wa6 a 'Soolunij so I knew the sort Hojwtoun wanted. ^ ou take my straight tip, go out to Government-house, and you'll eel twenty-five ouid for Pompey. Hut la ta, I can't stay any longer. III! Pom pey, good dog!" Pompey's only answer be ing a tHil>dued growl. After Hilly's departure, Dclwrah forgot all about her stocking. She loved her dog, but she knew she was an old woman, and might, drop off at any moment, and what would become of lier faithful Pompey then? Besides, it would l>c selfish to deny ljord Hojwtoun'fi wish for a <iog he wanted so much, and was willing to pay for so generously, and she, furthermore, thought 1' *nii»ey would have a better home with Mi* Kxcelleney than with herself. So after much consideration Deborah determined on scir-^ her treasure to the Governor. Pompey was always kept clean, but he received a special bath in preparation for his visit to vieerovaltv. Kin mistress bnished his coat until a ri\> of hair was not out -if its place, then ehe fastened a piece of crimson ribbon round his neck, and, putting him on a chair, almost shed tears ;;s she ntood back to admire the effect, thinking what a sweet dog he was, and how lonely she would fed when he was gone. Still, though she would miss him very much, she wasn't going to stand in Ins light. If Pompey could have a better home witli T/)rd Honetoun than with herself De borah was willing to make the sacrifice, A visit to Government-house wm not a trivial undertaking, Deborah considered, proceeding to put nerself into proper trim f<>r waiting on the highest personage in the land. It was a very gorgeous Deborah that stepped into the hansom cab, hired for the occasion, wearing a hat with a long feather tailing around one side and down over her "knob" at the back; and a "puce"* jrilk dress, which had not seen the light for yeniv. Pompey did not seem at ease in his new ribbon, and appeared very uncomfort able in his unusual quarters, while the mo t <on of the cab did not appeal to his senae of security, Deborah herself did not fancy the mode of locomotion either, and as they whirled nlong at tearing speed she muttered many a prayer for their safe arrival at their dea tinntion. The.v rattled up to Govemment-houBe is fine style. There was some slight difficulty at the entrance gates, the sentry at the lodge having some misgivings about their errand; but on Deborah flourishing a letter of introduction which Billy Boadington had obligingly written for her on «ome of the firm's notepaper, that trustworthy official evidently thought it was all right, and they drove on. His Excellency was not at . home, so Deborah interviewed an A.D.C., who received' her courteously, but looked somewhat mystified. Deborah ex plained the purpose of ho- visit, proffering h^r-letter of introduction. A slight smile broke over the A.D.C.'s face-he guessing the whole thintr-lnit he was kind enough not to laugh. He only said, "There is sotne mistake. Hi* Excellency did wot advertise for a doe last week." "But," protested Deborah, " a young gen tleman in our house read it in the new» paper. I don't want to tell my Pompey, nnt if the Governor-you're not the Gover nor . if the Governor wants Pompey, and navs twenty-five pounds, I'm willing to give him the dog. If he pays that much I know he II W Wind to him. I wouldn't givs my Pompey to the Quen, of « thought she wouldn't W W?Wi4 j., 3 can tell him so, and I'p mii tJ* T«l « '"But mir good worn,!,,," : A.D.a.^Vou are lahour^^u luBion. Your dog, I'Vl. nM&Jw;^i enough, but he s only a inotaJ*5»«M would give you twentv-^vep^^S There was much house on theyara becoininut,^'at*«tt. no one dare laugh in i> b^«^'4o£ Soon after there hare proved a serious' nauuLS?1 H«k establishment which L- '.mwL 1% *Uk It wu a hot evening, ^ ting knitting, with her receive as ^much air po^g'^i, was not wth.her. be hi: erun^2" /St. in "ratting." tfhe wa and Deborah was alone > ?; the hJir ^ had been working all i:..v JKS sphere being heavy ano ' drowsy and sleepy, uncommonly quiet, and so Deborah'8 knitting from her fingers, and. back, she slept Perin almost seemed part of heard a dog howling nised Pompey's voice, <? "Poor Pompey." she mi> more mournful howl a, woke with a start, and ? here ««»"»" 0 crouched Pomner >thn - ct, guia. 2 h?,"m *53. "Good graciouB, Pomp ".whatever is the matter Pompey appeared plr.-.^d that he aroused her, and gave an energetic hi His mistress bent down io lift him oTk ' lap, but the dog, instil of affection^ licking her band, accord ;ng to his custm rail towards the door, (living utteranceii short barks, saying, in immistabble fa language, "Quick! quick! there's somctC wrong. Come, and I II show you " T Deborah, seeing that something exw dinarv was the matter, stood up, and i lowed Pompey, and, on rc,iching thew room, discovered the muse of the agitation. The room was on fire! careless person had droned a l ghted tnitd i ..iinongflt the waste papw>, wliich hadbea smouldering for boiuc time, and snufe \ rolled out of the door as Deborah entati. The fire, fortunately, had not made j headway, and Deborah ;<nd the watchmn I managed to extinguish it. hut there was^ ! doubt that if it had lifted haH- an-h®! longer the building would have been a 1 danger. It was, therefore, decided on ill; hands that Pompey had prevented a series I conflagration, ana ninny congratulate j poured in on Deborah in recognition oiti* j dog's action, Pompey being considered i) hero in a small way. After that Deborah was, natunlk,. prouder of her dog than ever, but with il ner care of him poor Pompey did not fe j long. He took ill suddenly, whether ft® | indigestion or old age no one could td Deborah carried him to a neighbour^ I doctor, who prescribed for him, to no pur pose whatever, and, to his mistress's bitte ; grief, Pompey died. The old womaumisd I him sorely, and after his death found ha greatest consolation in looking at his j ture-poor Pompey in bis court regalia. v«ything ;11 l®gth Z 'caning her L \slJe ^eaat.^ dfeaia ? ^herslaS red, and anotw ? -wered her. - ' she* 