METHODIST UNION. WESLEÏAÎÏiCOSFERENCE DEBATE. At the afternoon and evening sittings of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference yesterday, the question of Methodist Union was debated. The Rev. W. Jeffries submitted the report of the Methodist Federal Council, of which he had been president. It detailed an expression of opinion obtained from the various Queensland Churches on the question of union. This showed the voting of Wes heyan members and communicants over 21 years of age For, 1767 ; against, 241 ; neutral and unreturned, 320 ; Informal, 12. Quarterly meeting arid trustees' vote : Wesleyan For, 222 ; against, 48 ; neutral, 27\. Primitive Methodist For, 155 ; against, 50 ; neutral, 24. Primitive Methodist members and communicants over 21 years of 'age For, 1257 against, 275 ; neutral and unreturned, 178 informal, S. The report of the Federal Council on the question stated, in addition, that "there being no 'trustees' votes to report from the Primitive Methodists, as nearly all their properties are held by the corporation, the above, in their case, Efhow only quarterly, meeting votes, which vote was taken in December, 1893, the executive of that Church thinking it not necessary to again submit the question to the official courts, It being then so decisively in favour, and the quarterly meetings of 1896 being substantially composed of the same persons. The United Methodist Free Churches have repeatedly expressed their readiness to unite when the two larger bodies have settled the matter. It is worthy of note that in only one Wesleyan circuit and one Primitive Methodist has there been a majority vote against union, and in the former case the majority is a very insignificant one. In view of the overwhelming affirma- tive vote, we have no hesitation in recommending the Conferences of 1895 to resolve upon the consummation of union ; and we also recommend, that during the sittings of the Conference, a united friendly meeting be held for the purpose of determining the date of union and if found. practicable, we favour the (holding of the first United Conference do 1898. We also submit the fo>Uo>\v<|ng proposals That for the next year the Federal Council shall continue to exist in order that it may deal with any, proposals for local amalgamations or adjustments. It may also take the initiative in promoting amalgamations, and it shall be instructed to formulate proposals for submission to quarterly meetings, district synods, and conferences. That ino amalgam relations shall take effect until submitted to the members and congregations, and to the quarterly meeting of the society cr circuit concerned. That the council shall be au'üh'cirJeed to take such steps as may be necessary in order to prepare for obtain- ing a Validating Act, a draft of which shall. be submitted to the Conference. That for the year 1897, separate district synods or meetings of each Church shall be held, from Which reports shall be sent on to a United Conference of 1898." Report of district South Synod was given verbally, showing the votes in favour of the union. The Rev. H. Youngman moved,-" That this Conference being still of the opinion that the union of the Methodist Churches in Queensland would be for the more economical and effective use of their combined resources in promoting the spread of the Redeemer's kingdom, and having re- i gard to the facts that the constitutional basis of such union adopted by the last General Conference has been accepted by, the Churches concerned, and that the office- _ bearers and members of our own Church and the Primitive Methodist Church have voted by decisive majorities in favour of such union being effected on the general plan embodied in the report of the Federal Council to the Conference of 1896, and which was then adopted, hereby declares its willingness to proceed to effect union with the Primitive Methodist and United Methodist Free Churches in Queensland in-, the event of their agreeing to the same by a vote of not less than a two-thirds majority, of those voting in their supreme courts." He said they were all agreed that the step was a most important one, and no doubt many of them would be glad to be relieved of the responsibility of dealing with it. But in accepting the responsibility imposed on them by the Church, they should proceed to consider the subject with the hope of obtaining the result which they all desired to see achieved in the not far distant future. He detailed the history of the proposals made in years past for the organic union of the Methodist Church, and quoted the resolutions arrived at by the Adelaide General Conference, held three years ago, to show that the General Conference expected that each annual conference would exert all power to have the union effected. The question was, Were the Methodist Churches prepared to accept the constitu- tion of their own Church as the constitu- tion of the Church they were prepared to come into ? About two years ago statistical papers were sent out, and expression of opinion Invited, and the voting on both Wesleyan and Methodist Church members had been largely in favour of union. He then referred to the fact that in every circuit in Queensland the vote had been strongly in favour of union, and as to the quarterly and trustees' meetings there was only one instance where a majority against union had been returned-that of Mount Morgan where one voted in favour, three against, and one remained neutral. He therefore thought that any delegates sent from the quarterly meetings to the Con- ference would feel in honour, bound to vote as the meetings had decided." (Hear, hear.) The percentage of votes cast, too, had been a very high, and the same remarks would apply to the voting of the Primitive Method- ^ ist Church, while, as a rule, in a popular vote, the vote of opponents was larger in proportion than that of those who adopted the policy in test. By an overwhelming majority, therefore, it had been decided that the organic union of the Churches should be accomplished as early as possible. They had not tried to stir feeling ; they had been simply courting the question with a view to marriage. They had not yet said, definitely they were going to effect the union, but if they passed the resolution they, would show that they meant business, and feeling as well as enthusiasm would be stirred. (Hear, hear.) It seemed incredible to him that some would leave the Wesleyan Church, and some Methodists would refuse to come in, because the same red line ran through both Churches. Very little alteration, if any, was required to fuse congregations'. Why could not they be all Wesleyan Methodists, and followers of John Wesley, in all the broadness of his Church ? One of the most urgent reasons for this union was that they might have a network of common Methodism spread over the land. There were Methodist churches in some places where there were no Wesleyan churches, and, considering the rising generation, union was a most important matter, as children became scattered from their homes throughout the country. The Methodists wished to be a help, and not a hindrance, and when they came together they would find that the Spirit of the Holy Ghost would fall upon them, for they would recognize that it was the work of God. He could not see how this Conference could shirk its responsibilities after the vote presented them, for throughout the colonies people were watching for the result. He hoped the Conference would in no way re- gard or create difficulties in the way of the consummation of the union. As to the date 015 the union, and the difficulties in view, they would have the advantage of the presence in Brisbane this year of the Revs. R. Berry. W. H. Fitchett, and G. W. Taylor, three of the most acute church, lawyers in Australia. Let' the Conference affirm the union, and he undertook to say that so many difficulties would have been removed that, at their next annual Conference, they would be able to meet 33 united Methodists. (Applause.) Mr. R. Aland, in seconding the motion, said that some years ago he had voted against the union, but he had since become persuaded that union was the right thing with the Church Which practically worked under their own name. He deemed this explanation necessary, having opposed the question of union at the Gympie Conference [but he dared not go, to the face of the, dog dive vote polled by the Churches on the question. He had been sent, however, by the Toowoomba quarterly meeting to veto with a free hand, although the vote at the meeting had been largely in favour of union. There were difficulties in the way and responsibilities to take up, but there would be a larger number of persons to deal and grapple with them. The Rev. R. Stewart moved, as an amend- ment,-" That, in the opinion of this Conference, the time has not yet arrived for a decisive vote on Methodist organic union." He said that this was in conformity with his action for the past eighteen months. On conscientious grounds? he could not en- ter the new Church. He believed, from conversations he had had in various places, that many people who had voted in favour of the union had been lukewarm, and had no conviction. He thought the new Church they proposed to raise would be detrimental to Wesleyan Methodism. ("No, no.") He held that they should go on as they were. He did not believe they had a class Church, but certain forms of worship were agreeable to certain minds, and it was a grand thing that the Primitive Methodist Church existed, for some who had left the Wesleyan Church would otherwise have been U st to Methodism. He claimed that they were endeavour- ing to pull Methodist union along with a hard and difficult pull. The vote at the Adelaide Conference had been the result of a wave of en- | parasitism at the meeting, and xiii vote had i wot been binding He did not believe that the result of the voting presented by the Federal Conference was a cour exposition, because for one thing no voting lists had been supplied. with regard to the The holiness of churches under the proposed i unionism was not likely til at the trustees would continue their responsibility under different conditions. He instanced a church not far away which had been seized for debt. (Mr. W. T. Reid here rose to a point of order. The Ann-street Church would not come in.) He had heard that there were people anxious, for financial reasons, that it would. He claimed that the proposed union was not a union at all, but, instead of the two Churches working side by side, they were asked to find a new home for a Church that would be neither one thing nor the other. The spirit of indifference with regard to union was too pronounced, and they ought to have had a working plan presented by the Federal Council, showing the financial po a sedan, and a definite scheme, before being asked to take a decisive vote on the matter. He urged the Conference, therefore, to be cautious of the vote, which would bind them, for the hour had not yet struck, and in such case (nothing but evil could result. Mr. T. A- Johnston seconded the amendment. A good deal of weight had been attached to the vote of the circuits on the question, but he believed it had been taken on a wrong basis-the people had not been educated to the difficulties in the way of union. Only one side of the question had been ventilated. People (had been capt 'voted by the word union, and felt, as Christians, they were bound to vote for It. More information should have been given. At least a detailed statement of assets and liabilities should have been furnished by two or three financial men app-te ed for the purpose. In the face of the financial position of the Wesleyan Church, with two thirds of their ministers' stipends In arrear, were they justified in taking over new liabilities { Opinion had been expressed that 4f union took place the salaries of ministers IWOTiSd have to be reduced, the average Blaflary of the Weslefc-aia ministers being t£100 a year more than the Methodist minister. Were they prepared to level ? In conclusion, he urged them to consider the difficulties in view. Mr. W. T. Reid supported the motion. He believed that by union they would be able to do much better work, for so far as churches were concerned at the present (time they were over-ohurohed. Mr. W. H. Barnes opposed the motion. RieParrtung to financial difficulties, he thought it would be a shame to Wesleyan Methodism if, as had been suggested, the new proposed Church, repudiated the Habil- sites of some of the churches to be include!. He maintained that there was an indifferent Peeling to the question, and pointed to the fact that, although it affected the vital points of the Church, there were not more than 120 persons present in the building. He believed their ministers would be the poorer by union, and consequently there would be more attention to financial Fath, r than spiritual needs among their clergy. However, she did not believe in having the question dangling to the unsettlement of the minds of members. He would rather that a decisive vote be taken, although he intended to vote for the amendment. He might not be able to work with the new Church, believing that the Methodist Churches, as at present constituted, could do better work. The Rev. W. Brown claimed that after the spread of literature and statistical informa- from furnished on the question it was the fault of the people themselves if they had not educated themselves on the question. After the vote of the people on the question, it could not be said that there was no interest displayed in the matter. As to the attendance of the public, how many knew that this discussion was to be held with open doors "> He hoped the vote would be decisively in favour of the resolution, in order to show their Primitive Methodist friends that they meant business instead of taking a backward step. The Rev. J. Calvert said that the fear raised that his salary would be lowered, or that he would have to share the debts of other churches, would not deter his conviction In Methodist union. (Applause.) Speaking as a Wesleyan of the fourth generation, he had no fear of the decay of Wesleyan Methodism by the proposed union, and after the vote of 7 to 1 east by the Church members in favour of union- isms he thought the Conference could not dare to go against it. In voting for the union he sacrificed no principle of conscience. To say that it was inexpedient to unite would be to go back on their history, for every Conference and Synod had determined it was expedient, and the only question was that of practicability. The Hon. F. T. Brentnall, ML C, said that he accepted the challenge of those who dared the Conference to vote contrary to the opinion expressed in the circuits. He regretted the manner in which it had been suggested what might happy the brethren who did not favour the union proposed-that they would not come in. They had been told that the voting in favour of union was 7 to 1, but as a matter of fact 33 per cent did not vote. They had no moral power to compel union with that minority, and he was not justified in being told that he was bound to surrender his own convictions, and vote in favour of the union. It had been suggested that there were certain branches of the Methodist Church heavily in debt. It that were so, they should know something more about the financial aspect of the question before they proceeded further. He maintained that union would mean a coming down ; they could not elevate, because their own fund had been exhausted by the claims upon it. There were certain aspects of the question which could not be discussed in public, but which should have been put to the people before they were asked to vote. He hoped he would live to see Methodist union, but he was not convinced that they were ripe for it now, although, if the motion was carried by a sufficient majority-a two-thirds majority he said, Let those who were opposed to union be prepared to give it a bit of a' trial. There were, certain matters which required to be looked straight to the face, and the Primitive Methodists would not sacrifice their democratic principles. He predicted that amalgamation could not be run on different lines. With regard to the facetious likening of the union to marriage, let them see first that the courtship had been long enough tested for the consummation of the business, and see that it did not end in the divorce court. He hoped all feeling in the matter would end with the Conference, and that those who did not find spiritual comfort in the union would be allowed to seek it frankly and quietly elsewhere The Rev. W. Jeffries congratulated Mr. Brentnall on the way he had placed the case from the opposite side in the face of which, however, his conviction as to the benefit of unionism had not been shaken. He had been a consistent supporter of it, even in the old country. He had been an advocate of caution, however, and had agreed that the mind of the people should be obtained, and that the difficulties to be overcome should be considered. He hold that the vote had been taken as fairly and frankly as possible. He pointed out how greatly preferable it would be to have one strong Methodist Church throughout the country instead of a multiplicity of trade Churches, which could be accomplished by sinking little differences of opinion. a On the motion of the Rev. E. Youngman, the debate was adjourned, at- 9.35 p.m. till 10 o'clock this, morning. 