TOM MIDDLETON'S WIFE. THE STOBY OF A PLUCKY CALIFORNIA WOMAN. CONCLUDED. Voice and speaker were familiar to the woman who stood in the doorway, both hands pressed to her panting bre.ist. The words came only too distinctly to her quickened censes.' Then her premonitions were true, and Tom—Tom was on that fated train. Again her body reeled, but her steady brain saved her. ' Stop the train! The bridge is g-ne!" she cried, Both men looked ap, startled at the words. With the prompt movement of a man trained to obey orders, the agent leaped to his instrument ; the other man, slower to comprehend. came forward, the look of amazement on his face, as he viewed the singular apparition in the doorway, giving place to amused indulgence, as he recognised the speaker. What an eccentric, impetuous girl Kate Mitchell always was, and what a life she must lead Tom Middleton ! "This is quite an unexpected pleasure, Mrs..Mi.ddleton," he said smiling. She waved him back with a single imperious gesture. There was a brief silence. The operator listened intently, with his head reBtiog on his hand. Kate Middleton remained standing in the doorway, her hands clasped low, her face blanched with dread, and all hen soul absorbed in listening. Jack Spencer, slowly comprehending the meaning of the scene, waited, his interest growing with every moment's delay. '' At last it came, the monotonous click, click, conveying its portentous meBBage in a language unknown to two of the three listeners. The operator arose from his chair. " Just in time. The train was pulling out of the station, but they stopped her." Kate Middleton clutched at the doorway. For the first time in her life her head gave way. She was again on the swaying sycamore, and the limb was cracking, breaking, going down. She felt the water an her face and opened her eye?, to find herself seated in a chair, Jack Spencer supporting her bead, and the station-agent pouring icecold water over her. " She'll be all right in a minute," said Jack, cheerfully. "Now, Mrs. Middleton, with your permission, I'll see you home." She borrowed a hat and cloak from the station-agent's wife. Jim brought up the horses. Jack Spencer handed her into the wagon, with grave courtesy, and they drove off. Some of the loungers, dimly understanding what she had done, looked on curiously. That was all. No fuss, no formal tributes, no speech-making even from the two who understood. There was no deputation of Btrong men to tender her public tribute, in voices shaken by sobs. Contrary to all tradition, and unlike any hero or heroine who ever saved a train from wreck, she was on the wrong side of the bridge, and the people most deeply concerned were nine miles away. She had little to say on the ride homeward, although Jack Spencer was attentive and talkative, and tried, as hard as a man could, to show his appreciation of her brave deed. Perhaps Bhe was embarrassed in the consciousness of her odd attire, and the curious looks cast upon her as she rode through the village. Perhaps she was secretly ashamed of her mad race, and of the exceptional, unwomanly physical prowess that had made it possible, notwithstanding the fact that it had saved many lives. She did not eveninvite Jack to come in when she reached her own door, but descended from the wagon with great dignity, and only relaxed a little when Jack said, very earnestly: "I shall never underrate the value of physical training for woman again, Mrs. Middleton. Some day I shall beg to put my little daughter under the tutelage. Which was a great concession for Jack, whose little daughter was the apple of his eye, and whom he had hitherto only looked forward to making an accomplished woman, of elegant manners. Neither honour nor praise awaited Kate in her own home. Bridget scolded her, and put her to bed, and declared that she " wud surely ciilch her death o-cold, an' she des&rved; it well," and tried to save her from the consequence of her misdeeds at the same time. Of the children, Hairy stubbornlv resented her bnsfi desertion of them on the bank of tli" taging s'leivin, and Marian, with her mother's spirit of adventure strong upon her, terrified the household by avowing her in tention of going across the water on a tree the first time she could escape parental authority. The mother had her reward, nevertheless. Late that night, when the children were asleep and Bridget had relaxed guard, Kate i-scaped from bed, and donning a wrapper and shawl, laid herself down upon the lounge before the open fire, to enjoy scanning the daily paper. The rain fell steadily without, so steadily that the sound of a horse's hoofs coming up the sodden driveway were scarcely distinguishable from the patter of the raindrops. Kate started up as she heard a step outside the door; another moment, and Tom was before her, looking very solemn, like a newly materialized ghost. " Tom ?" she cried, sharply, and then she seemed to cower before him; yet not before hira, but the horror of the afternoon, which again descended upon her and took possession of her. Tom, her husband, might have been one of that grisly throng of mangled, crushed, ad, and dying phantoms of the mighthave-been, ever torturing her mental vision. She pressed her hands over her eyes, as if they mig t bar out the sight. " Oh, you ought not; you should never do such a thing," she said. After all, she had nerves, and they had been sorely tried that day. " What do you mean ?" gravely demanded Tom. This was indeed a sorry greeting, after all he had been through. "You shouldn't come home in this unexpected way; you should let people know when you are coming." " Kate," said Tom solemnly, seating himself on the sofa and drawing her down beside him, "you will speak differently when you know how near I came to not coming home at all; I have traveled twelve miles on horseback over a rough mountain road to get here to-night. We were just starting out of Prescita when we were notified that the bridge three miles below there—six mileB above here, Kate—had been carried away." "How did you find out ?" Sate was herself again. There was a little twinkle in her eye, but her lip trembled. " As to that," replied Tom, " reports are somewhat vague. But all accounts agree it was a woman. And she did wonderful things. The bridge-tender's wife, I believe. Floated down stream on a timber, somebody said. Started, all dripping, for the station, and got there in an unconscionably short time. Not a minute to spare. If it hadn't been for her!—oh it was a wonderful feat, everbody says." " But how—very—unladylike I" said Kate, in a shocked voice, stooping to pick up something from the floor. " Unladylike!" cried Tom excitedly. " I tell you, Kate, that was something worth while. Very different from your lawn-tennis practice. When a woman puts her strength to such a use—and such a strain as it must have been, by Jove! Why, Kate, I doubt if you could so much as walk to town and back. But when a woman saves two or three hundred lives at one stroke ! My goodness, Kate! What have you been doing to your foot ?" For Mrs. Middleton had unconsciously pushed the wounded foot into sight, and its load of handages, piled up by Bridget's clumsy fingers, and finished with a red flannel swathing, was indeed calculated to strike terror to the beholder. " I—I took a little walk to-day," replied Kate guiltily, trying to hide the foot again beneath the hem of her dress. " But don't let us talk about that, Tom. I'm sorry I seemed queer and cold when you came in. I wasn't feeling well, and you—you looked so. It made me shiver." Like many people who are dauntless in the presence of real danger, Kate had all her life been shy of praise. If she could have kept the knowledge of her escapade, as she mentally termed it, from her husband, she would gladly have done it. But, stupid as he was in some ways, obtuse as he waB, he was not to be put off in this way. He was already on his knees beside her, cutting threads, removing pins and undoing cloths, in spite of her protests, until he disclosed a little foot, purple with bruises, and with an ugly, gaping cut in one side. " No wonder you are not yourself to-night. A'little walk!' I should say so. Kate, what have you been up to now ?' "I had on my slippers," confessed the culprit, " and—there wasn't time to change them. Let it alone, Tom. It'll be all right to-morrow. " A ' little walk!' " persisted Tom. " Great Caesar, Kate, you are not to be trusted alone any more than a two-year-old babe; I'll never dare to go olT and leave you again." " If I hadn't taken my little walk, you— you—you mightn't have had the chance!" cried poor Kate coi nered at last. My soul!" cried Tom, a light dawning upon him at last. It was you !" I think he kissed the little lame bruised feet. I am afniid he did a great many foolish things ami humbled himself most lamentably to show his love for his brave young wife, his pride in her, and his contrition. There was a purse made up by the passengers on the overland train that fateful day, to reward the pluckly woman who had saved them from such a frightful disaster, hut they were never able to find her out. The station-master and Jack Spencer kept their secret well. The only subscription that ever reached its destination was Tom Middleton's. llis wife sometimes wears a very ugly bracelet set with a couple of very large and ponderous gold coins. When people question her about it she replies that it is a medal om once awarded her for a race she won. It is generally understood that she refers to some rowing match or horseback ride, for there are boats on the pond now, saddle-horses in Tom's stable, and a tennis-court on the lawn. But even as she answers Kate sees again the railroad train, with its precious living freight, thundering on to destruction, and a woman, bare-headed, wild-eyed, with draggled dress and bleeding feet, racing desperately across a rough country, in a mad effort to avert the impending danger. FLORA HAINES LOUGHEAD. 