Sensational Escaade. k b A MAD PATINT. s M A RESIDENT OF VALLA.CE, MAINED AND ON THE RAIL- WAY LINS. The escape of a patiot who was suffering from brain disease from the accident ward at the Batot Hospital, caused considerable consernation at the institution at an early hour yesterday morning, and the service of every available male employee wre called into requisition to search for tlie missing man. It was, howrver, not found necessary to send the parch party out, as the uufortunate nan was brought back to the institution a a badly injured condition just as the searchers were about to start The unfortunate patient is John Francis Carroll, aje nineteen years, a farm laborer, whose parents reside at Wallace. He was admitted into the hospital between three and four o'clock on Tuesday on the recommendation of two members of the honorary medical staff, and a consultgjon was to have taken place yesterday*^ to his mental condition. The patieHt was placed in bed in No. 4 ward, which is in charge of teuiolo tiuiaea, but- m jglirium he became very unrnly, and'the senior resident surgeon, Dr. Herring, deemed it advisable to remove him to No. 1 ward, where he would be looked after by the two male warders on duty. This was accordingly one, and Carroll was removed to the ccident ward at seven o'clock. His ehavior was then most erratic, and it was found necessary to strap him down in his bed. When Dr. Ohenhall visited the ward at midnight he saw Carroll, who was still strapped down. When Warders Leach and Heffernan themselves lay down all was quiet. A couple of hours later, when the patients were being visited, it was found that Carroll had released himself from his straps and disappeared. There is not much to prevent a patient leaving a hospital of a night time, for the doors leading to tho wards are not locked, and although the outer doors are always closed they are never locked. Warder Heffernan took the precaution of hiding Carroll's clothes, but this was not an effective disability to Carroll, for the patient left in his night-shirt, bis only other covering being a light white sheet. Tbe fence of the institution having been easily scaled, Carroll evidently intended to make off for his home at Wallace. Nobody knows the hour he left the institution, and no one seems to have seen him in the streets during the early morning, though he must have appeared very ghostly flitting along in loose white robes. The first that was seen of the youn? fellow after he began his singular flight was at about three o'clock yesterday morning, when Mr E. J. Peasnell, jun. of Humffray street, Ballarat East, who was returning home from an evening party, observed a winte-cloakeil figure standing on the bridge that spans the railway line at Queen street. Mr Peasnell thought of the many "ghosts 1 tfr^h Jiad been .seen in and .aronnd BalliYatj and of Mr John Doyle, his step-father. Botli gentlemen returned to Queen street, and they saw the white figure sitting on the parapet of the bridge. The man in white evidently noticed tbe approach of the pair, for, with a loud scream, he jumped to the rails below, a distance of about 30 feet. Mr Peasnejl hurried to the Victoria street police station, a quarter of a mile away, and informed Senior-constable Nedwell of what had happened. Carroll was found lying between the rails of the Buninyong line in a semi conscious condition. He was unable to make any satisfactory statement, and a cab having been procured he was quickly taken to the hospital, where he was recognised as the escapee. The patient, who was suffering severely from exposure, was attended by Drs Herring and Chenhall, and when they got Carroll properly under examination they found that he was suffering from a fracture of the right thigh and a fracture of the right wrist. He was also badly bruised and cut about the head and body. He received the necessary surgical treatment and late last night was strapped down in bed in the accident ward. He did not seem to be Buffering from the night's exposure, but he was raving pitifully, and his cries could be heard all over the institution.- Had Carroll not been injured so dreadfully he would have been exam ined by two medical gentlemen yesterday, with a view to being committed to the lunatic asylum. There is no refractory ward at the hospital, and if Carroll remains in the institution for any length of time, and his cries continue, he will undoubtedly interfere with the sleep of other patients. It is understood steps-will be taken during the next day or: two to have the poor fellow removed to the Wendouree Lunatic Asylum. At last night's meeting of the hospital committee the following letter was read from the senior resident surgeon :— "To the president of committee. Sir, —I think it ray duty to report that a patient got out of the hospittl last night, and was brought back soon after by the police, suffering from severe injuries received in the meantime. The patient, John Francis Carroll, was received by Dr Chenhall at 3.30 p.m. on Tuesday as an in- patient, suffering from disease of the brain. He was prescribed for and treated, and Dr Chenhall again saw him at midnight. At 4 a.m. he was brought up by Senior-constable Nedwell, when I received him, and found him suffering from fractures of the thigh and wrist, and abrasions and wounds on tbe head and body. His disappearance from his bed in the hospital had not been noticed.—Yours faithfully E. K HERRING, seuior resident surgeon," The President (Mr Salter) said that Carroll had been brought to the hospital by a medical man to-see what was to be done with him. The wrists of the patient had been cianacled, and no one new how ho got loose. Tim een locked, aud the J n * " ^ ealed the fence. Iu repl iller, the present auidtU^ •warders tad not been asked for an « planation. The president was ina^!*," to see the doctors and warders „ bring up a report to the committee, 