THE B GGQAGErIAN'S STORY. BY CHARLxs N. HOOD. ' Wll, now I don't know as I want to say whether there is or ain't spirits,' said the old baggagemtn, after each of the members of the circle around the stove had contributed a hair- rising ghost story,' but I've had one little experience in my life which has befog ged me considerably on that particular subject. ' It is while I aas doing the baggage on No. 9, down on the eastern division I used to leave Ballaville in the even ing on the down trip at 6.39, and get into Rocellas at 10.40. 'Twasn't a bad run, for we only made stops at certain stations and had mostly through baggage to take care of. ' Well, one night a coffin was shoved into the car at Ballsville. The physician's death certificate pasted on the box stated that John B. Hathaway had been suddenly killed by the accidental fall of a workman's hammer from the top of a new building upon his head, as he was passing along the street below. The corpse was con signed to an undertaker at Shreveport. 'I shoved the box into one corner of the car, and paid no mnore attention to it. ' Shreveport was near the end of the lin,, and was the next stop after we passed Rawley, a clean run of fifty miles. So, after we polled out Rawley and I had got my mail and baggage all arranged, I sat down in the rickeiy old chair, under the dim lamplight, and was soon interested in a novel which I had stolen from the news-vendor. ' It had been trying to rain all the afernoon, and about 9.30 we ran into a terrible thunderstorm. We were about twenty minutes late, and the way old Jim Penders, the engineer, made time on that fifty-mile run was a caution. 'The rain seemed to come down in rivers on the tin roof, and the thunder and lightning were terrible. It would have seemed a wild, weird ride to a novice, all alone in the gloomy baggage-car with a corpse; but we carry so many of them, you know, that I did not mind it at all, and had almost forgotten about it, except that it must be put out at Shreveport. 'I strai:ed my eyes to read by the flickering light which only half illumined the car, and the train rushed swaying along. /'I don't know what caused me to look up, but something did, and my eye was caught by a strange-looking little cloud, over the box in the corner. It didn,'t look exactly like dust, and I didr,'t pay much attention to it, but returned to my novel. ' When I looked up again the cloud had become much more dense, waved to and fro, and changed colour and form every second. I sat transfixed at the 'strange spectacle;, what could it mean ' l'he novel no longer had charms for me; with horrified gaze I watched, until there, right-before my eyes, was the form of a man with a terrible cat in his head, sitting complacently upon the coffin-box. He seemed to be about fifty years of-age, was dressed in plain black clothes from head to foot, and was looking straight at me with eyes which shone out in the gloom like a cat's. I tell you I was scared; the cold chills crept all over me, and I could almost feel my hair rise on end. ' A moment more of suspense would have driven me mad,but suddenly the silence was broken by the strange visitor. "'Good evening, Mr. Baggageman, you needn't be frightened; I'm only the spirit which used to animate our poor, old friend, John Hathaway. ' I looked at the apparition incredu lously. ' Just to prove to you that I am not material,' continued my visitor, ' will you kindly throw something at 'ine I believe that is the regular thing to do under the circumstances.' 'I hesitated, but being urged again, I threw a solid little agent's sample case towards the coiner; it apparently struck the ghostly form, passed through it, bounded alongthe top of the box, and fell off upon the floor. 'The shade of John B. Hathaway laughed good-naturedly. 'Are you satisfied 7' 'I nodded my head; I couldn't have spoken had it been to save my life. S' Well, then, I have come to ask a favour of you; will you grant it ' ' I nodded .gain. ' I am to b- shvred off at the next station, I suppose, and I must hustle and talk fast if I expect'-A terrific clap of thunder cut the sentence short but the shade, simply remarking that if it hadn't been for the tbunderstorm he never could have assumed human shape, continued: ' My name you h-ve seen on this box. I was snatched from life and hurled into thesphere in which I hre been wandering around for the past tao days so suddenly that I did not have a chance to fiiah upI the little airancements usual with people who make their final escape in the ragular timehonoured mansner. S'My home is, or rather was, in Shreveport; and I am, or rather was, considered pretty well-to-do "A. few years ago, my only son married against my express wishes, and I at oce made a will leaving all my property to my nephew. A few months afterward I partly relented, a+id secretly made another will, leavine my entire estate to my son; but I -hid this will, so that if I should wish to change my mind at the lass moment. I could simply give directions where the document might be found. '" But my nephew was very devoted to me, and aside from knowing that my boy was struggling along in poverty with his young wife, I allowed him to drop, as it were, entirely out of my existence. '' Well, after the accident up kt Ballsville had liberatel my spirit from the body, I roosted around on the mantelpiece while the coroner's inquest was being held until I saw the coroner write two messages, one to my nephew and one to my boy, and I took a notion to go to see how they received the news. ''I made the trip about as quickly as it takes to think about it, and arrived considerably ahead of the telegrams. "I had some trouble hunting up my son's residence, as I had never visited him before, but I found-it at last in the top story of a wretched tenement-honeus, and drifted in through the key-hole, just as he and his pretty little wife and their boy were kneeling down for evening prayers. '.'I never had taken much pains with my son's religious training, biut the prayer he had made that night ias about as affecting an appeal for Divine mercy and help as I ever heard; and when lie prayed for me, and- that I might be forgiven for my harshness, I would have given anything in the world to have dropped right down among them and clasped the whole family in my arms, but I couldn't. "Just as they arose from their knees, the messenger brought in the despatch, and the gendine sorrow die played in that wretched little apart ment made'we feel meaner than ever, and I hurried away. "I had about as much trouble in finding my nephew as I had in finding my' eon, but I struck him at last, giving a wine-supper in a little private' club room, to a half dozen dissipated young reprobates, with whom I never sus pected that he associated; and when the message came announcing my death, my loving nephew read it aloud, stand ing on the table, and they all drank to his health, and congratulated him on being relieved at last of such an an tiquated old fool, and coming into his property. ' Then he told them bow he pulled the wool over my eyes, and posed as a dutiful nephew, amid howls of drunken laughter; and they settled down to an all-night celebration of my death, as though I had been a hated traitor or executed for some awful crime. But they didn't see me hovering around the chandelier watching their orgies. * Ever since I have been studying to correct my awful mistake. This is my last and only chance. "' The favour I would ask of you is, to find my son and tell him that the second will, leaving everything to him, is hidden behind the third panel in the back of nmyold case; which is the only article my first will makes him heir to. I nodded my head mechanically. '' May God bless you ; and now, my work is done; thed time allowed me to linger near the earth, before I must go to my final account, is at an end, "and what lies in the future for poor old John Hathaway, is as unknown to me as it is to you. Remember- ' The whistle just then blew for Shreveport, their came a terrific crash of thunder, accompanied by a blaze of lightning, and I found myself alone in the dimly lighted, jolting baggage-car. 'I somehow managed to perform my duties the remainde, of that trip, went home, and tried to convince myself that I had been dreaming. But it was no go, and as I was off duty the next day, I took a run up to Shreveport and attended John B. Hathaway's funeral. After it was over I hunted up his son, who was a bright, manly-looking young fellow, told him the whole story, induced him to knock the old b okcase to pieces, and the will was found exactly as stated. 'Now there is the only experience I ever had with spirits. I might have been dreaming over my novel that stormy-night in the baggage car, but if I was, how do you explain the rest I' \- And members of the circle aroond the stove made no reply, as they sat in silence, and smoked and cogitatcd. 