Crumbs. Fog. Chilly. Carl Hertz. Old soldiers. The Roll Call. Glorious weather. Tommy in all his glory. English mail to-morrow. A burglary at Rose Park. A grand bicycling Sunday. Obit.—Mr. J. H. C. Eitzen. A great day for Tommy Atkins. A fine lot of Andalusian sheep. Suspicious death of a Chinaman. Kipling, the bard of the barracks. Adelaide rainfall for 48 hours, 0"042. How old soldiers do love one another. A mean thief who robs a maidservant. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 30-09. A gallant old veteran of the Maori War. An old skipper, Captain Rae, gone aloft. An Imperial sight at the Imperial HoteL Only two more nights of " Called Back." Fun and laughter at the Bijou to-morrow, j Concert to-night in aid of St. Luke's organ. Wilson Barrett coming to Australia next year. Mr. Symon a man of peace even in wig or gown. Mr. Rignold's Paola Macari a fine character study. Annual meeting of Norwood Institute tonight. . . • Distinguished visitors at Government House. In British Columbia the cry is "Still they come!" How many forensic fights has Mr. Symon been in? Alderman Malcolm Reid most energetic in London. Carl Hertz returns to Adelaide in the morning. The new tariff of the United States now in operation. Enquiry of- Miners' Accident Commission concluded. Dr. Jefferis spoke yesterday on the Calvert Expedition. The General of the Devil's Own was very entertaining. Queensland Premier granted the freedom g, Kilmarnock. A Yorkshire lady burned to death in a hairdresser's shop. An insolvent took a contract in a cemetery but is stRI alive- How many Bill Adams's were there at the social on Saturday ? Mr. White's voice calls up memories of the Ghost in " Hamlet.". Grenfell- street crowded with heroes of the Empire on Saturday. The " Injuns" looked.very picturesque in the rear of tbe ranks. l)r. Paton bore testimony to the worth of the late George Elder. Carl Hertz's farewell season at the Bijou is unfortunattelv limited. Lady Gormanston and her three sons are guests, of the Governor. A Parliamentary inspection of pastoral country in September. Butler, M.P., denies that he has inadvertently made a mistake. Every starving soldier is a bad advertisement for the Queen's army. South Australian Company and Butler, M.P., have crossed swords. • Mr. Justice Boucaut makes an explanation in favour of Crown Solicitor. One hundred performances to be given in Australia by Wilson Barrett. "Persimmon" starts and wins the Derby at the Bijou to-morrow evening. t A real work of art which pleases everybody is pcobably never to be found. The late Councillor Eitzen was very popular in yachting circles at Glenelg. A fire on board the steamer Gulf of Martaban, v^hich has put into Albany. , Sun rose at 6.47 a.m., sets at 4.56 p.m. Moon rose at 4.5 a.m., sefe> at 1.34 p.m. "Called Back" has been exnnmed from the dust, where it has lain for many years. President of Marine Board off to Melbourne and Sydney to enquire into working of Marine Acts. . The well-known London actor, .Wilson Barrett, guaranteed £10,000 to come to Australia. Miss Emillie Hughes found her opportunity to make a profound impression as Pauline March. One of tbe latest forms <>f gallantry on the Continent is to name one's bicycle after one's lady love. War' is a barbarous calling, but while it needs must be let us honour our heroes of the thin red line. As the world grows better the professional man of blood will become more ana more of an anachronism. An afternoon with the veterans is calculated to inspire veneration so sadly needed in the young colonial. Art critics and dealers in England just now are writing most dolefully about what is calledthe slump in art." It usually happens that the best paintings are exactly those about rthich tbe greatest amount of controversy is raised. The Crumbman did not know that there were wild asses, at Mount Serle, though he knows of tame ones in Adelaide. Contrary to advices of Ambassadors Sultan has insisted upon Djevad Pacha taking his departure for tbe island of Crete. The Height of Impudcnce.—When your laundress sends your shirt home in two pieces and charges for two garments. In Court.—Witness—I have i»sver been in gaol all my life before. Glynn (soothingly)— Well, we must begin some time you know. Yesterday was the 36th anniversary of the day on which John McDouali Stuart and his party completed their journey across the Continent. Dramatic critic satirical upon intrigues in dark dingy garrets between more or less slovenly "foreigners, with organ-grinders' heads of hair. Sultan declares that he is merely asserting his sovereign rights over Crete, and he has therefore commanded ,Djevad to assume the direction of all Moslem troops in the island. To be hoped that we will soon be in possession of a National Gallery where it will be possible to enjoy an artistic treat equal to that which almost any English nobleman can offer. Mr. Chamberlain is a great reader of newspipers, and the one he likes the bast, he says, happens to be the one which does not advocate'the same political views he holds himself. About 700 professed " survivors of the charge of the noble six hundred" sent in claims for assistance two or three years ago when a fund was raised in England for their benefit. -Notwithstanding the very satisfactory briskness ot trade in industrial and commercial lines, there is a most extraordinary and unaccountable dearth of buyers for even the very best pictures. If we want strong work in our National Gallery we mugt bo content to ensure that each picture shall have its enthusiastic admirers, and that the collection as a whole shall be educational and not merely recreative. "Mr. John Richards contributes to The Adelaide Observer some meritorious stanzas," says the Review of Reviews, and then it reprints several verses from his poem on the Diamond Jubilee. Johnny now is two inches taller. Sir Thomas Elder's munificent bequest of £25,000, to be expended entirely in the purchase of works cf art for the Gallery, comes most opportunely so far as the prospects of securing really fine pictures at moderate prices are concerned. Whatever, may be the opinion concerning Waterhouse's pictures which are now in the possession ot South Australia, it is certain that their value in the outside artistic world is very considerably above the prices paid for them. Probably the ideal committee of art selection would be a small body of cultivated or intelligent msn who would have the - good sense .to defer each to the other's predilections, and who would be assisted by a professional expert to enable them to avoid any blunders due to want of technical knowledge. Acoldly analytical critic has pointed out that for every brave man who wears the Victoria Cross there are thousands—civilian as well as military—who are braver and who have not by a spasm of dare-devil valour, but by prolonged and unflinching heroism, done at least as much to deserve a decoration. 