Till; WATCHMAN OF ORSDEN MOSS. BY J. MONK FOSTER. Autuorof "The Slaves of Fate," "A Miner's Million," "Children of Darkness," "Through Flood aud Flame," "Quean of the Factory," "A Pit Brow Lassie," " The White Gipsy," "The Mine Master's Daughter," &c.;, &c.;, [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXVIII. THE NEW WATCHMAN. In the snug little two-ehauibered shanty, formerly tenanted by old Dan Coxa.ll, his litest successor wassiiting one afternoon oarly in November. During the day the rain had fallen in a thick, drenching, incessant sheet, washing the village thoroughfares clean aud sweet, • converting the undraiaed portions of Orsden Moss into a great wet sponge, and deluging the pit-brow girls and other workers on the bank of the Moss Colliery. As the day closed in and the early twilight gathered, the downpour slackened, then ceased altogether, and now, when the ear-piercing scream of the steam whistle atOrsdeniioss pita was ringing out clear and long on the damp air, telling the surface labourers that the end of the days work had come, the atmosphere had cleared, and gave promise of a fair night. Rising from his rush-bottomed armchair, old Adam Bannister, the new watchman, walked slowly to the doorway of his dwelling, and lounging there on the threshold he cast his eyes this way and that. Perhaps the fresh man was only wondering if the spell of dry weather would continue until his nightly vigil and nocturnal meanderings about the colliery were endod. Standing on the little step he could see the scattered village now enveloped in the shadow, could mark the rough sweep of land lying between the pits and the houses of the workers; and the pit bank, the lines of the wagon road, brow, screens, and engine-house were within easy reach of his vision. Adam Bannister appeared midway between the half-century and three score of years, but seemed hale and powerful still, being tall and sturdy limbed in spite of his slight stoop. He was hoarse-voiced, had a thick tangle of irongrey hair, and to aid his impaired sight wore a cumbrous pair of blue glasses. Presently the pit-brow girls and women, the surface labourers and banksmen, came dawdling or hurrying pafet in ones and twos and threes, all glancing at the figure in the doorway,: and not a few commenting upon him. "Th' new watchman!" some whispered audibly to their friends as they went by. " Ah wonder if he'll stay no lunger than th' last chap did?" others remarked, and one or two made reference to old Coxali's eudden end. To none of these comments did Adam Bannister pay the slighest heed. But once his strong figure drew itself together instinctively, and the eyes behind his coloured spectacles flashed, as a pit-brow girl with an easy gliding step, a gracefully moulded form, finally cut face, and sunny hair drew near. It was Lettice Forrester; and as she came along, alone, she glanced incuriously at the old man as the others had done. She was passing when the watchman's harsh voice, softened a little, caught her ears. "Yo'l excuse me, my pratty wench, but wot tahrue does th' pit whistle blow ev'ry neet?" Half-past 5, sir, except Saturdays," the girl answered as she paused a moment; " then it blows at 2 o'clock." ' "Thank yo'! Thank yo'! Ah'm th' new watehmon, yo' known, an' ah'm a bit strange yet." She nodded her fair head and went on ber way, and, after lingering a few moments longer at the door., he strode inside, raked the bars of his small grate, and placed a shovelful of coal on the fire, and took oS the old cap ho had been wearing, hung it methodically on a nail in the wall, put on a big, weather- beaten, softfelt hat, with wide brim, donned an old big coat also, and then, taking a good stout oaken stick from the corner near the fireplace, went forth, locking his little castle behind him. Here a few sentences may be penned respecting what had gone on in the village of Orsden Green in the interval between the flight of Matthew Shelvocke and the installation of the new watchman, Adam Bannister. Within an hour or two of Sergeant Roberts's visit to Orsden Hall every man and woman in the village, and a small multitude outside it, knew that the police official had gone there for the purpose of laying the hands of the law npon Aaron Shelvocke's nephew and heir. By some means the whole of the circumstances of the case leaked out and were spread broadcast. Every pitman was full of the news by the time the village public- houses threw open their doors at noonday; and over their pots of ale and their tumblers of whisky and rum the hard-fisted winners of coal discussed with breathless interest the extraordinary sequel to their "Owd Boss's" death. On the pretext of taking a holiday young Mat had escaped to Yankee-land, taking with him in solid cash many a thousand pound— how many the Lord alone knew; some said it was only five thousand,-others swore they had heard it was ten, and one or two said they believed that when the truth was known fully twenty thousand wouldn't be far wide of the mark. That Sergeant Boberts's visit to the. Hall explained Mat's- flight all the gossips were agreed; and that the absconding man had not flown without serious reasons only a few were prepared to assert. Even the miners who had known the Mine Manager all his life, who had received many tokens of consideration at Mat's bands, were at a loss bow to defend their favourite when some one demanded to know why, if he were innocent, be had "hooked it,"and taken all that money with him? That question was a puzzler; and those who felt that Mat was guiltless, but could not back their belief with proof, were compelled to sit silent and hear him adjudged guilty. The sensation had soon subsided, and in the meantime the work and life of the place went along the old channels, for although Mat Shel vocke was away his spirit still directed the undertaking to which his uncle's will had made him heir. . The solicitor in the neighbouring town kept a tight hand and a watchful eye on his absent client's interests; the undariooker, George Wells, had stepped into Mat's managerial shoes, and was tilling them fairly well; Levi Blackshaw was cashier still, and no more, and the limitations of his position annoyed him beyond expression. At times Mr. Blackshaw's dissatisfaction found expression. To his cousin Naomi, when their talk drifted to the' absent one, Levi would give his tongue the rein, and declare in the most open way that Mat Shelvocke had treated both his relatives unfairly by acting as he had seen fit to do. He didn't blame his cousin for flying, if he thought his neck or his liberty were endangered by remaining at his post; but when the exigencies of the case compelled him to vanish from the scenes that had known him all his life, he ought to have placed more confidence in those who wore bound to him by ties of blood. When Mr. Blackshaw talked in that strain Naomi did not scruple to lash her cousin with her biting tongue and contemptuous glances. ' She knew that Levi hated to be tied down as he was, and compelled to act under the directions of another, as if ho were merely a servant and not the nephew of Aaron Shelvocke, and first cousin to the missing master. Levi's ambition was to fill the throne Mat had deserted; he desired to have the whole of the mines and miners in his hands—to wield the destiny of the estate according to his own wishes. He felt it humiliating that be, prince of the royal blood, so to speak, should be called upon to do other than command. "I can quite understand, my dear Levi,' Naomi would remark on these occasions, when the discontented man aired his grievances, "that it would have suited you much better if poor Mat had handed over to you the reins of government instead of entrusting them to that legal gentleman in Coleclougii." " In spite of the half-snesr underlying your remark, Naomi," he would retort, "what- you say is simply a matter of fact. What can'Mr. Attorney Scott know about mines aud miners? After all, he has to act upon my advice." " Thee why grumble, if you are the real director of things after all? I suppose you want the glory of the game as well as the power of shaping it, eh? I11 a word, you aim at becoming the Squire of Orsden?" "Perhaps you are right, cousin. I imagine it will come—must come to that soon! When we have reasonable grounds for believiug that our excellent relative intends to show his face in England no more, when leg-aily at all events, -ive may assume tbut he is dead, what will happen iheu, think yon? Fortunately our cousin couldn't tako tiie Hall, the Moss, the pits, aud the remainder of the estate vith him." "I have np knowledge of the law," she answered, "and iu consequence cannot imagine what may happen in the event of Mat's continued absence. Mat, however, soems to have considered that point. Perhaps that is why he elected to leave his sffairs in Mr. Scott's hands." Perhaps.- but oven lawyers have to submit to the requirements cf the law. I am positive that Mat will never return, and equally assured that i shall not be content, to remain in Mr. Scott's loading strings for the remainder of mv days." "But „Mat wiil return I" slio cried positively. "He must return! Itis absurd to imagine be will never come back." " It is oasy to bo'ievii what one desires to believe, Naomi. You wish him to return," he suggested, with liis ket-n g.ize upon her. "Perhaps I do!" she rcpliud stolidly, meeting hi:; inquisitive pa;:e unflinchingly. A sharp retort was 011 hi* ti>ugnc, but he withheld its utterance. Her manner was one of defiance, and he was strongiy tempted to remind licr of a certain pact thoy had entered into. New that he was winning- the great game upon which I10 had staked jo much was she desirous of breaking the pledge she had given him? He was suspicious, and yet unwilling to put her to the supreme test at that moment. Events were not yet ripe for that master stroke. So he restrained himself, held Ins peace, and left her in possession of the field. He, at all events, could afford to wait a little longer. He had much to win, and was almost certain of the game. CHAPTER XXIX. THE 1-LIIST LINK IN THE CHAIN. It was between 10 and 11 o'clock at night, and the night watchman was again seated within his snug little domicile, consuming his frugal repast. He was sitting beside the small table fully dressed, as he had just come in from his solitary round. His old soft hat was pushed back from his brow, about which a tangled mass of irongrey hair hung; he had not even removed the big" coat which he had donned some hours earlier in the evening; his strong, heavilvsoled boots were stained with patches of black mud; and the eyes that burned brightly behind his blue spectacles had in them something which told of a mind plunged in speculation. The door of the hut was standing half-open, and through the doorway the bright glow of the oil lamp shot a broad ray of light into the outer blackness of the silent Moss and adjacent colliery. Suddenly Adam Bannister's head was raised alertly, aud he ceased munching his chunk of bread and cheese. A footfall had come to him out of the silence, and he was waiting to see who came. He did not stir, and he quietly resumed his meal. Then the footsteps were heard again on the smooth, damp cinder path outside, and some moments later a man's form was framed in the doorway. It was Levi Blackshaw, well attired, sharp of eye, suave-tongued, smoothfaced, and inquisitive as usual. "Good night, my man," Blackshaw cried pleasantly, as he took a step forward. " And so yob are the new watchman, are you?" Ah reckon ah am, mester," was the bearded man's response, and his voice had harsher and harder notes in it than when ho addressed Lettice Forrester earlier in the evening. "Ah felt jus' a .bit ' cowd' wi' trampin' through th* damp an' weet, au' ah thowt a bit o' a snap an' a drop o' werm tay would liven me up lahke." I daresay it will, and I am sure I hope so, my man. By the way, I have forgqtten your name. Wells told me about you, and I truBt vou will stay with us longer than the last man did." "My name is Bannister, sir—owd Adam Bannister. Ah s'pose yo'll bo th' y'ung Mester, what Mester Wells towd meabeawt?" That is so, Bannister. My name is Blackshaw. I was just having a stroll round the place before turning into the Hall for rest, and when I saw your cabm-door open it struck me that I might as well drop in and have a word or two with you, Bannister." " Thanky, sir," and the watchman's hand was jerked up to his grizzled beard. "Things do seem to get a bit lonely lahke on th' Moss in th' middle o' th' neet." ' Yes, that is so. Orsden Moss is not the liveliest of spots on a night like this. But you will soon get nsed to it, and you will seldom bo left quite alone on the Moss, you know, for there is generally a man on the brow in the engine-room." " So ah reckon. Ah con drop in theer neaw an' again when I want a smook an' a chat." "Of course," Levi remarked, and then, after momentary pause, he added, "You're a Lancashire man—I can tell from your tongue, Bannister—not an Orsden Greener, I think?" "That's reet, Mester Blackshaw," was the ready response. " Ah were born an' bred up Owdh&m; way,'but when ah was a young chap ah coom deawn here, an' ah lived at Hindley an' Ince a goodish bit." "You worked in the pits, I suppose?" "Reet yo are, mester. Ah worked i' th' pits as lad "an' mon for o'er forty 'ear; an' when ah geet too owd for that theer soart o' wark ah had to do some'at, you known." "Of course, of course. And is this your first visit to Orsden Green—I mean the first time you have ever stayed here or worked here?" 'That's so, mester. Ah'd heer'd abeawt O'sden Green mony o' tahme, bnt ah connut say that ah were ever here afoor t'other day, when Mester Wells took me on." You would hear all about the remarkable way in which my uncle, the late Aaron Shelvocke, died, I daresay?" Blackshaw remarked. " Well, sir, ah did hear some'at. " Ah connut read, yo' known, an' what ah did get to know abeaut it was jus' what ah heer'd t'others readin' iut' pappers." " Well, it was strange, to say the least; and perhaps stranger still that the former watchman, .whose place you now fill, should have died in a drunken fit the same night." "Neaw, that was strange," the old watchman cried with some show of interest, as he finished his meal and proceeded to fill an old clay pipe with out twist. "But," he added philosophically, as he lit a scrap of paper at the fire and held it above his blackened cutty, "ah s'pose we a' ban to gooa when eawr tahme comes." The last watchman we had," Levi broke in, with a faint smile irradiating his dark face, went before his time had come. He was an old soldier, too, and one would have thought he was afraid of neither the living nor the dead. But he did not stop many weeks; was afraid of ghosts, so I have heard some of the villagers say, and you got his job. I hope you are not afraid of ghosts. Bannister?" Ghosts, eh!" the watchman cried, as he puffed, noisily at his pipe. "Not me, Mester, I've a lump o' oak in't corner theer as'll shift annythin', ah reckon." Levi laughed aloud as his glance followed the old chap's finger. Then, as he buttoned his overcoat up to the throat, he said— " Well, I'll say good-night to you. Bannister, and finish my stroll. May drop in again some other night, as I often take a turn about the colliery and the Moss. Good night." " Good neet, sir. Shall be gradely fain to see vo' ag-aiu anny tahme yo're this way." Blackshaw nodded, drew back, and went into the night, closing the door after him; aud when the patter of his feet had died r.way the watchman sprang erect and glided softly, lightly, across the flags with which the small room was paved. Between the corner of the room and the door he paused and beut low, where a small object scintillated in the interstices of the rough flags. That glistening spot had attracted his eyes for the first time some moments before. Then he might not have seen it had not he followed Blackshaw's wandering gaze as it roamed here and there over the place. Ho tugged at the object with his fingers for a moment or two in vain. It was hard, smooth, of metal, and had been crushed betwoen the flags with some force as if a heavy heel had pressed it home. In an instant he had whipped out his clasp-knife, inserted the strong blade beneath the object, and prized it forth. Then he went back and stood beneath the lamp examining his find. The shining article iu his palm was a small disc of gold about the size of a three-punuy piece, and evidently a portion of a broken sleevelink. On the upper surface was a small shield, on which were graven ornately the two letters "L. B." On the'under surface was soldered a crushed and twisted link of a thin gold chain. It had evidently been snapped from its fellow lay force, and a greater force still had wedged the disc between the flags. "L. B." the watchman muttered lowly. " Those are the initials of my visitor. This is a portion of the sleevelink Aaron Sholvockc presented to Levi Blackshaw last Christmas. How came it here? How long has it Oeen wedged in between those flags? Did he lose it here? And was he looking for it when I caught his eye? 1 will find out." He crossed the floor again, and in a moment had pressed back the disc in its former place. Then turning down the lamp a little he went forth upon his nightly vigil. Passing the narrow flight of steep steps by which the brow was reached, the watchman went along the waRon road beneath the screens. As he passed a half-filled wagon he heard footsteps, saw a man's form loom up iu front of him, and again he and his late visitor stood face to face in the semi-darkness of the place. "Good night, Bannister. I'm just returning," cried Levi, genially, as before. "By the way. have you a match or a light? I want a smoke, and have forgotten my matchbox somewhere." "My lamp has gone eawt, sir," the watchman replied : " an' ahm jus' gooin' to th' tireholes to leet it again. But yo'll get a leet in my cabin, Mester Blackshaw, if yo're gooiu' that way. Th' door isn't locked, sir." "Thanks : good night. Am sorry to trouble you further." Tlicy went their ways, and an hour later Adam Bannister returned to his den. Slamming the doer, his eyes glanced along the narrow space of flags. The shining spot was no longer visible. A low laugh fell pleasautly from the watchman's hairy mouth. " Good ! good ! That is something won already. Mr. Levi Blackshaw has found his property and carried it off. That bit of gold may mean much I" CHAPTER XXX. THE WOMAN IN BLACK. It was a fine clear night in November, and Orsden Moss was plunged in tho silence winch usually brooded over it from tho fall of the nitiht to tho breaking of day. There was a nipping touch 311 tbft breath of the air. and the starry hosts of the firmament sparkled aud scintillated as they alone do when tho Frost King rides abroad. Along the wagon road which led from tho colliery in the railway embankment some half mile amy, the watchman of the MOBE was pacing measuredly. Presently the solitary vigil-keeper came to a spot on the line of rails which appeared to engross his attention, for he paused suddenly and gazed about him as if in deep thought. The night was far from being a dark one, although the clock in the tower of the village Church had some time ago chimed the hour prior to midnight and no moon was visible, but the joint effulgence of th : countless stars flooded lL e sharp air with a faint radiance Standing there, Adam Bannister gazed first on either hand and then straight ahead of him. On each side of the wagon road a stile was visible; a couple of hundred yards away the lights on the brow of the pits were to bo seen, and further still the gas-lamps in the streets of Orsden Green shone star-like through the intervening gloom. First at one side and then at the other the shaggy-bearded watchman glared, his thick stick tapping the iron rail underfoot, and an exclamation falling from his lips. That the spot was reminiscent in some way of unpleasant things seemed apparent from the old man's manner, and he was about to turn away with an angry shrug, when something caused him to drop quickly on his hands and knees and creep into the shadow and shelter of some thick low bushes growing on the top of the siding near one of the stiles. Some moments later the reason for the watchman's sudden act was apparent, when the tall, darkly clad and heavily veiled figure of a woman glided up to the stile near the hidden watcher, and remained motionless there, with her veiled countenance directed upon the empty wagon road. From his hiding-place Bannister could see the outline of the woman's face clearly enough, but the black network veiling her features was proof against his curious eyes. For a while he crouched there in eager expectancy, and the stranger stood rigid at her post. She was waiting for some one, that was certain. For whom did she wait, at such an hour, and in such a spot? Why was she so carefully veiled? Those questions arose unasked in the watchman's brain, and he would have given much to gratify his ardent curiosity. If sbe would but lift her veil for an instant, either to satisfy his doubts or confirm his hopes, he might crawl away and leave her and her absent lover in peaceful possession of the scene. While those thoughts were running through the crouching man's mind, the soft patter of hurrying feet was borne to his ears, and a few moments afterwards a man was facing the silent woman on the opposite side of the stile. Then lowly muttered questions were asked and answered, the woman's veil was flung upwards from her face, and the sound of lips pressed together and drawn asunder lovingly floated on the quiet, frosty air. When the lovers drew apart the woman's unveiled countenance stood revealed to the hungry-eyed watcher, and a low, sharply strangled moan of pain fell from his tongue. Luckily at that moment the other man's voice was raised in clear and angry protest. " What is the meaning ot this, Clara? It is madness, and you know it, to ask me to meet you here.. If we were seen together it would mean the ruin of U3 b4th!" "I know," I know Levi!" the woman halfsobbed. " But I wanted to see you so much before he returned." " Returned! Your husband is away from home, then?" the man beside the style asked in a tone of evident relief, as he vaulted over the stile. The watchman huddled amidst the bushes, breathed softly and listened intently. He had seen the woman's face, and was ready to swear then that she was no other than the fair-faced and 6weet-voiced pit-brow girl, to whom he had spoken on the first evening when he commenced his duties as the watchman of Orsden Moss. Now he was mystified and less positive. He bad heard Blackshaw address her as " Clara;" had heard him ask if her husband was from home; and, feeling that he was on the verge ot somte great discovery, he strove to calm his leaping pulses, to stem the rush of his wild thoughts, and listen in patience. "Yes; Mr. Famuli is away," the woman went on when Blackshaw had dropped lightly by her side, "and I have sometimes wished he might never como back again. Why did you ever persuade me to marry him? I feel now,- Levi, that I never shall be happy again The woman's voice had the ring of bitterness, pain, and hopeless misery in it, and the tone in which her companion made answer was careless, flippant, even cynical. Whoever the woman was, and whatever might be the ties that bound them secretly together, it was evident that Blackshaw had tired of her, and was glad she was tied to another. "Come, come, my dear," he said lightly, "you must be sensible now, and look at the matter in a business-like way. What more can you desire than you have gained? Farnell loves the very ground you walk on; he is com-! fortably off, and can give you all you need ; besides, which is most important of all, he is a comparatively old man, and may set vou free in a few years." A few years," the woman murmured, as if she were speaking of an eternity. " And in the meantime, Levi?" " Oh! In the meantime yon live your life, and take all the enjoyment that comes your way. It is far better, you know, to be a rich old man's darling, my dear Clara, than to be a poor young man's slave. His manner appeared to hurt the woman more than his unsentimental words. She shrank back from him, held him at arm's length with her gloved hands resting against his shoulder, and stared earnestly and mutely into his face. " I understand it all now. I understand!" she exclaimed with a passionate outburst, as her hands fell from him. "I might have known when you pressed me to marry him that you had tired of me. What a fool I was! What a fool I am still!'' 'Hush!" he commanded sternly. "Do you want some one to hear you in the village?" Then he added in a softer and more winning way, "Calm yourself, my dear, and do try to behave like a woman of common sense. What is done can never be undoue; and I shall never tire of you so long as you are satisfied with 1 what is possible." ' The possible will never satisfy me now!" she cricd defiantly. "1 will go now and never trouble you again. May God help and forgive me for what 1 have done!" She turned angrily from him, but he caught her arm, and, whispering eagerly in her ear, he walked along at her side in the direction of Maydock-lane. When the sound of their feet died away, the watchman crept out of his hiaiug-place, stood beside the stile, and gazed after the dim retreating figures. "God knows that I never dreamt of this!" the waichniau exclaimed to himself in a voice that was tremulous, yet glad, and filled with wonder. " I know now who penned that damnable letter against Lettice Forrester, but I have yet to learn what motive he could have in parting her and me. Patience! Patience! Heaven willing, 1 shall know everything some day. What 1 have to do now is to make all the atonement in my power to that poor, dear, sweet, and sorely tried girl." With his lips still moving, and his brain stili in a whirl, the watchman oi r Orsden Moss turned from the stile and went about his duty. All night long ho trod to and fro between his little abode and the pit brow; and once, before the day broke grey and chilly in the east, he tramped slowly through the sleeping village, pausing awhile in front of one small cottage wherein the woman of his dreams slept. When morning came, and che iron-tongued steam-whistle was flooding the frosty air with its strident scream, telling all whom it might conosrn that the half-hour between 5 and 6 o'clock had come, Adam Baunister stood at the door of his hut watching the workers go past. Shortly before 6 a tall girl, with a Bweet face, drew near the watchman. She was passing by with a pleasant smile and nod, when bis raised hand arrested her feet and drow her to his side. "Read this! Be careful. Good morning!" he whispered. Sbe went on, wondering, and gripping fast the square, often doubled-up piece of paper he bad iorcud into her little brown hand. When sbe gained the cabin on the bank there were others present, and under some pretext she slipped off her clog and thrust the note inside. At breakfast-time, when she had half an hour to herself, Lettice stole away to a quiet place, and there, taking off her wooden-soled foot covering, she r.jcovered the paper and perused it. The following were the brief but pregnant sentences it contained: "If you wish to hear news of Mat Shelvocke meet me in my cabin between eleven and twelve to-night. There is good news for you. You must bring no one with you, nor must you breathe a word to any living being either abcut this note or your visit. For Mat's sake and your own, come and trust "ADAM BANNISTER." 