; lUEEN ELIZABETH'S | GHOST. | -rEEN IN WINDSOR CASTLE. :'c • .A'e'ry' remarkable story was pubiisnea m w ' thfcti/y Mail on February 16, to the effect . th'; Lieutenant A, St. Leger Olyn. 3rd B&iion; Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen j. j lilbeth's ghost in the library at Windsor Gilo. The following statement was made by ,• , •/ fbieutenant's mother, the Hon. Mrs. Carr Gh, to the Mail investigator"It is per 'f(Iy true that my son has' witnessed soine : tig abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting i:the library of Windsor. Castle ^reading a :bh—'The History of Dorsetshire,' to be -act. As he read, he became aware of some 5 'c passing in the inner library. He looked up ifCfSaAv a female figure in black, with black lace '! -.jiythi head, falling ion to the shoulders. The 'tgure passed across the library towards a . some? which tvas. out cf view as my sou sat, " ho did not take much notice, thinking it J was'- somebody' reading in the -inner room. ..This was just upon 4 in the afternoon, and an -V itttfidant soon afterwards came up to close r . 'thddlace, My sop asked who the lady was whewas at work in the inner room, and the 1 attendant replied, that no one else was in the "ITbrry;' My son assured the attendant that a ■ ' ladiihad just before walked across' the inner root. "Then where could she'be?' asked the • htteflabt, having ascertained that nobody was ;L .in tp inner room. 'She must have gone out of ydpor in the corner,' said my son, indi catig a corner to which the figure had passed. 'Bu there is no, door,' said the attendant. ? * My-bn said nothing about this incident, and • * m did^bb think much about i£,yl understand, 1 •''-unt>Mr. Holmes'," the librarian,'asked him abofc it, the attendant having mentioned the ■ Ahaftr/ to . Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. ■ Hdhes to Jdescribe-the figure he had seen, Q my'Sdn did so, and Mr. Holmes replied i: • tlfap my son had seen the apparition of Qaen Elizabeth. • Mr. Holmes added that thee were records that this apparition haunted .tiles'- rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the firs, man in our time who had seen it. The Ilea of Windsor also asked my son about it, ■'."si ancseveral. members of • the Royal family : ,hae interviewed him on the subject.- As for Mr Holmes, 1' am given to understand that . -1,13 has spent nights rind days in the library \- sine, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visi . ,tttion." .. . The Hon. Sydney .Carr Glyn, the famous • -<;G'imean veteran, and . father of Lieutenant : - 'Gyn, there entered the room, and upon leara v.iig of the topic.under, discussion, said, "If ny-son says he ha3 seen anything, you may rtffce.it from us that he , lias seen it. He is a .-fresh honest English boy, only a subaltern, /-'hit fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, .'bind unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. Ho wouldn't exaggerate anything- a hair's ,/.breathl" Both the Hon.. and' Mrs. ..Carr. .Glyn gave permission for the publication of. this statement by their son, ■ - jubject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was dispatched to . ,..r. lieutenant Glyn, soliciting leave to give the .. ,story on his authority, and yesterday morning ;. ;came the. answer—"Certainly, if you like.— • gGiff-y, Grenadiers, Islay." ,The representative "of the Daffy Mail next saw Mr. R. R. Holmes, -Jf.S.A., the librarian, of the Castle, !, and , vrites, Mr, Holmes conducted me to the ■ icene of the alleged -. apparition. ./ He pointed out the chair . occupied by Mr. Glyn, which stands ■ on the east • tide of the first room, and I: seated myself in ■ it. • Immediately before me was a large globe, loo'ving past which a few steps lead up into a .gallery, the sides, of which are-.lined with bocks. On the south, side" of . the gallery— .- whph was built by Queen Elizabeth ahd used| by aer as a picture-gallery, in" which she was , . accpstomed to walk, and where.she devised ., or .reflected upon '. those masterpieces,; of statecraft which. have made her reput-a-, • ..Hon. ,what it , is-r-stauds. .a fine chimney piece, over , which ■ 'a /.Rust,', of. . the ''"Vjrgin Qgeen'l /.looks, down ' sornewliat • seiprely upon ,the spot ; where , her shade r lias .'been so recently seen. Mr-... Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation , - r of being haunted by. tiie ghost of Queen . Elizabeth L-om time out' of memory." His own . recollection of/the story dates from 27; years ■ • .ago, and he has Ipeeu in the habit' of; spending . , Hallowe'en in tha gallery ifor, se.verai',years in tip hope of encountering 'her ■ deceased Majesty. ■ '/■" .-' 