?STRANDED .. FRENCHMEN.' The subject of the housing of certain dis tressed 'Frenchmen — whether they are sailors or soldiers is perfectly immaterial — was referred to. again last night, this time in the Upper House. Oh this occasion it tell to the lot of the Attorney tieneral to explain. Mr.' Want, replying to that staunch supporter of L 1 belle France, Mr. Daniel O'Connor, said that it ir as true that application was made to allow a number of returning sailors to take up. their residence temporarily at the Victoria Barracks, but inasmuch as the Secretary of State many years a.go had especially enjoined this Government that a. 'transaction of that tind should not be permitted, the request .could not be couplied with. He might add that the Govern ment followed in the todtsteps of Sir George DibbSj ? who when in Government decided that under no circumstances was any body cf foreign troops, armed or unarmed, to be landed and honsed in' barracks. The men referred to were Bailors and not soldiers, and they were not shipwrecked. The essence of all this business seems.to lie in the fact that the injunction of the Secretary of State that no foreign troops should be housed here was made 'manv vears aaro.' Many ? years ag« there were reasons for vigilance that did not now exist. In the daya before the cable Australia used to foe left in doubt for weeks together ae to what Great Britain's relations with her neigh bors 'were. For all that people here. could then tell some quarrel of which they knew nothing might have come to a head between one mail and another; and ? as the first announcement of a quarrel might have been made by the arrival of ?a hostile force, it was, perhaps, necessary to be cautious, even at the cost of appearing churlish. As in present circumstances there could have been no danger in housing sixty frenchmen, it was not worth while to appear churlish for the sake of obeying the obsolete instructions of 6oine dead and gone Secretary of State. Mr. Brunker, who is the prime mover in this latest folly, must have much the same ideas of French duplicity as were affected by the writer of the celebrated parody of Horatius, which described the invasion of Eng land through Sir Edward Watkin's Channel Tunnel byji French force disguised as excur sionists going to see Jumbo restored to the Zoo .- ? And now ilier get to Dover, And form upon the strand. To face the British rejimenfc ?? And the regimental band. Why tell th« story further ? From this strong point d'appui The tide of French, invasion rolls Keaistless to the sea. They made Sir Edward Watkin Perpetual 'Lor Maire,' And Channel Tunnel scrip w.ent np A thousand pounds a share, ' And they also made a monument; - jj- Of execution bold To show how that he-Knighted one Had hopelessly been sold. : ' ' It stands by the Bon M arel e, - And snows how unawares Onr Horse Guaras were cajoled to turn . ' Their swords go railway shares, And underneath is written,' In running hand of course. ' Compulsory fietirement,' The motto of our force. The French Government had every reason to expect different treatment from that of New South Wales. One cannot forget that just a week or so -foef»re the . -unfortunate incident we have just' commented on, M. . Hanotaux, the French Minister tor Foreign Affairs, was called upon by a stout gentleman from New South Wales, a gentleman who wore an eyegliss and looked the picture of good nature. Woat a shock it must have been to M. Hanotaux to learn tHat the Government at the bead of 'which is this jovial being, who appeared as though giving and receiving hospitality was the breath , of his, life, had refused a few days' accommodation to a detach ment-of distressed man-o'-warsmen. M. Hano tanx will, however, know that when the incident, happened bis rotund friend was at sea, and there fore not personally to blame. Butler, though his uncasonised bones are in' the grave, seemp still fated to give trouble. There is now said to be a reckoningto pay which, was never counted on when the Government here took steps for tlie murderer's extradition ; and in-connection -irith tbat act in the remarkable drama, the United. States Government now expects the ghost to walk 'for its share in the performance. ' - The authorities at Washington, it is said, have sent in a little bill of expenses for the San Francisco proceedings, which give a . forcible reminder of the memorable Alabama claims. Tee amount said ' to be asked by our friends in the Great 'Western. Republic to r-s- conp them for the cost of extraditing' Butler is not stated, but the little bill is understood to be what Jitr. Dick SwiveUer would- call an 'unmitigated stag-g-erer. - We. here had some cause - '.to complain of the extraordinary length of the extradition proceedings in - San Francisco. American methods of criminal juris prudence are not as ours. In any British terri tory short work would Jbe made of an application to extradite a prisoner, and no charge would be made. T£ is different in America. Sow the- Home Government, to whom the butler . bill of costs has been sent for liquidation, ?will receive . the demand remains 10 be ' seen. But the whole thing is a surprise. Let it be hoped it 'is 'not of sufficient importance- to lead 'io 'in- ternational complications.'., #But if the demand, is insisted upon, the United States might be reminded that such action as is now taken will .be no encouragement to bring back murderers who may seek an asylum lroin justice under her flag. ' It ia announced that the Duke and Duchess of York are to visit Ireland., and stay there a znonth. The event will link itself with historic iiiemorieB which date bick Dver 40 J years. Nbiess an interval wijl have elapsed since a previous wearer ot the title borne by the heir presumptive to the British Crown was visible ourthe Irish side of ''St. George's Channel. I'iiat was the Date of York who was father of £dwtrd the Fourth and Eichard tne Third, and who, in the famous ' Wars of the 'Roses, was' the first representative of the claims ol the White jtose. Ere yet the right at the gentle Henry' VI. iiad been seriously questioned the Duke of York had been Me deputy in Ireland, where lie became -exceedingly popular. When 'the .great stragg.e between, the two parties ?subBequentlybrokeout m England the Yorkists trere able to count on a number of devote } -£-ar- tisanB among the Irish,orat least among the Anglo. 1 Irish, for. it 13 probable «nough thai the majorityj of the native population — -atidSs-iiair blame to J them— reared little as to' how tb^e jedntesfc should I be decided. Anyhow when the alleged heir oE the ' House of York, ' otherwise 'known &s; the impostor:' Perkin . Warbeck, ma.de; his cele brated venture with the intention of pushing from his 'stool 'the -newly seated Henry. VII., his appearance in .the south of Ireland was hailed with, the utmost enthusiasm. The -citizens of Cork, headed by their Mayor, recognised the stranger ? from . the Conti- . nent' as tfre undoubted grandson of the ' good' Duke of York,' ' and. therefore aa the true heir to the 'Crown. .- For this mistake as to who was the legitimate King, the luckless Mayor suffered the penalty usually exacted -in those days. With-regard to -the con templated visit to Ireland of her .Majesty's grandson, at least such. Irish traditions as attach to the Flantagenet- Dnke of York should be of good omen for the now rising hope of the House of Brunswick. ' - A cablegram announces a proposal for the building- of additional British war ships. Four line-of-battle ships of* powerful construction, according to the most improved of -recent models, are mentioned, and four armoured cruisers. It is 'also stated, that £50,000 is to be spent in hastening- the building of a battle shit- already in hand, while large sums are to be appropriated for dock yard- labor, material and the construction of torpedo boat destroyers. It is further stated that, along with six light draught boats for river service a new E ryal yacht of twenty knots speed is to be built. It is evidently determined that if the chances of war should ever bring the yacht in too dangerous proximity to an enemy it will at any rate be able to show him a clean pair of heels. ?Not much has been heard of late from Mada gascar, however, an item of news has just come to hand which recalls, attention to the great African island. It states that the French Resident-General Gailieni has exnelied an Eng lish missionary named Haileon tha alleged ground that ha was inciting the Hovas to rebel against French rule. Very possibly the accusa tion is not true. If it were, there would be no little reason for regarding- the missionary as a fanatic of a rather dangerous type. According to all accounts, an attempt at rebellion on the part of the Hovaa would be perfectly hopeless, and could only result in making their condition worse. The missionary diffi culty is indeed one which is older than the establishment of French authority' in Madagascar. It was long ago complained that British efforts to Christianise . the Malagasians were thwarted by the French, and vice versa. The incident just reported will doubtless remind many personb of one of a similar kind which occurred more than half a century ago, ?and which for awhile threatened to have much more serious consequences than this at Madagascar is at all likely to bring about. That was the expulsion of the British Consul Pritchard from Tahiti in 1844 by the French Admiral who had taken possession of Tahiti and the neighboring islands in the name of feing Louis Philippe. Pritchard associate i missionary labors with his Consular duties, but in the former character, if the Kreneh were to Le credited, his zeal outran his discretion to a very mischievous extent. On the other side it was naturally held that Pritchard was the victim of French jealousy and spite. It was fortunately admitted by his own Government that the French Admiral had acted in too high-handed a manner, and this sensible and conciliatory attitude speedily had the effect of readjusting international relations, which were becoming decidedly ' itr.iined.' 