PMP II. i Phil Is our soMaer brother. 'And there Is nothing fanciful a,bout Mm ! He is a nock of efurdy common-sense and unfailing good' nature. -He was the very best person to confide our strange secret 4«u <and my respect for Doxany increased. We did- teEi 4iam-the very next morning. He listened* attentively, on ly patting in a question here and there, and though, of course, he was incred ulous-ftad I not been eo myself ?-he was not mocking. *1 am glad yon have to£d/ so one eCse," he said, wlnen we had related the whole as circumstantially as poss ible.. "You see mother is not very strong yet, an⁢ would be a pity to bother father^ just -wdfen he's taken this place and settled -it ail. AmA' for goodraess' sa&e;, d<on*E let a breath of art; gfsfof atooutj (among Ifctee servants? there'd be 4he-HsametMng\ to pay, if you dad." . ? .i; "I <won't tell anybody," saa&' Donny. 7 "3for sfcaiM I," I added . "Sophy is far too excitable, and if she knew, she would certainly tell ©Jiannie." Nannie is our old nurse. "£f you tell anyone," PhiCap went on, "fcliat meansj," with? a Tatiher ins tating' smile of self-confidence, "if |»y amy possibility I do not succeed' in. maMng an end «of your ghost gmiri; ftp® want another opinion about it, the person to tell wouSd be Mdss Larpent." "Yes," I said, "T think so" too." I would not risk irritating faSmn fey sayingi how convinced I -was that con viction <awaited 'Mm' as surely It hafl come to myself, and I knew <that Miss Iiaffpenif, tfiar from oneddilooas, was equally far from stupid! sceptac fism conoenniing! 'the "inyesheiiles^' mot dr>eannt of dai ordantai'y '^MCospphy." "What do you mean to do ?" I went on. "Yon have a theory, I see. Won't" you tell me wjiat It 4s ?" *1 haive "fcroo," ®aMi 'Pihal, inoSOLng up a cigarette als flie spoke . *Itt is eSither some queer optica-} illusion, partly 'Hie effect of same old- reflection outside or it -is a clever trick." "A trick," I exclaimed, "whaii 'possible* motive couild there fbe for a trick ?" .Phil shook ihis head. "Aih," lie said, "that 1 canmot at present say." "And what are you going to do ?" "Ishall sit Ul> t(miigiht in di>w> gajlwy and see for myself." "Alone ?" 'I exclaim^, wath soon© misgiving1. For big, sturdy fellow asm he was, I scarcely liteed to thiLnkof him-of anyone-alone witih' (that awful thing:. don't suppose you, or Dormy would care to keep me company," he repiUed, Mand on the whole I would rather not have you."' j "I woanldin't do it," said #hte child, honestly, "not for-for nothing." S'I shall J&eep; Hm <wa<titi nwt>" istald Philip, "I would rather have flilifw -than: any one." Tim is Phil's fbniMog, and certainly, I agreed, much better than notbody. .. So it was settled. . " Donny and I went to ;bed unusually early .that night, for as the day (wore. on we both felt exceedingly tired. I pleaded a. headachy which was not altogethera fiction, though, I repented having complained' at all wen I found that poor mamma, immediately began worrying herself with fears that "after aK" i, too, was to fail a victim to the influenza. "I shall be all righ t in the morning,*' I assured her. I knew no further dfetaSIs of - Phil's arrangements. I fell asleep almost at once. I usually do. 'And St seemed to me that J .had silept a whole night when I was aiwaksened hy a glimmering light at my door, and. lieawr Philip's voice speaking softly. , "Are you awake, ;Lel,l' he said, as people always say -when they awake you in any untimely way. Of course, now I was awake, very much/ awake indeed. "What is it?" I exclaimed, eagerly, my heart beginning to heat fast. "Oh, nothing, nothing at all," eaidi my brother, advancing a CifcSe into the room. "I just thought rd Look In on" my way to bedi to reassure you. I > .have seen "nothing*, absolutely noth ing." . - I do not know if I was relieved or disappointed. " ? "Was it moonlight ?" I asked, ab-d l ruptiy. \ "No," hie i-epSed. "unluckily the moon did not come-out at all, though. it is nearly ait the full. I carried in a small lamp, .which made afttngg less eerie, but I should -have preferred the moon.** * I glanced up at Mm*. Was it the reflection of thte candle he-held, or did he look paler tbaii usual ? "And," I added^ suddenly, "didyou "feei" nothing?" , He «hestitated'. ; ...-v-". "It-it" «was dully, certainlyhe - said. "I fancy I must have dosed a 5ittle, for I did' feel pretty cotd once ortwiw.n , ? . : . . . . * ' . _ 'J ! ? "Aih, indeed !" thoughtl to myself. And .how as Tinni ?" Pifiii smiled, but. not very success fully . "WelO," Jxe ®a4d,"i[ -jm«st eomfess Tim did mot 'altogetiher like it. He ©barter snarling, then ihe growled, audi linasJhed up with winning to a decid edly unhappy way. (He's rather upset -poor old chap !" .Aind then 1 sam that the dog was 'beside JhSmhHrotibsng. nip: close to Philip's (legs-a very dejected, reproach ful Tim-aCI the starch taking out of him'! i 'Xiood naght, Phil," I said, turning round OIL my pillow. I'm' glad you are satisfied1. To-morrow morning you must tell me which of your .theories holds most water. Good -night, amd maaiy thanks." He was going' to say more, font ciy manner for the moment stopped Mm, and he went off. Poor old iPihil! We had It out the next morning. .He and I atone., He was mot-satisfied. Far from it. In, itihe bottom of his (heart I Relieve it was a; strange yearn ing .for a breathi of human companion ship, for the sound of <a humani voice that )had mde him Cook in on me the night before. "For (he -had felt the coCd passing him." .But ihe was very, plucky. "PjI sat up again tosnigiht, <Dei<Ia," he said, ^Nofc to-nigM," I objected. "This sort of adventure requires one to Hie afe v If my advice you. will go to "bed early and Jiave a good ___ stretch of s&eep;" so that you will be quite fresh by to-morrow. There will lie aj <moon for some nights still." "W3iy do you keep (harping on the moon 7* said (Phil, rather crossDy, for ijiim. 'flSecaude-I 'have some idea that it is only in the moonlight that-that any thing is to beseen." , . w 4. IfBosh !" said , my bro ther, poiitely \--he was certainly rather discomposed . " -"we are talking at cross purposes. You are satisfied^-" "Far from satisfied," I interpolated. "Well, conriucedi, whatever you like to call it-that tihe 'Whole thing is super irtatural/ whereas I aim equally ®ure it is a trick ; a cever trick I allow, though) I haven't yet got at the motive of it." "You need your nerves -to 'be at their best to discover a trick of this1 kind,, if a. 'trick it be," I said quietly.. Philip had left his seat, and was ?walking up and down the room-; his * way of doing so gave me a feeling $>lna£ lie wanted to waCfc off some un usual consciousness of irritability. I felt lialf provoked and1 thaJf sorry for Mm.. .( At that moment-we were atone in tlie drawings-room-the door opened, and ^Iiss Danpent came an. "I cannot find Sophy," she said) peer ing about through her rather sWfert sighted eyes, which nevertheless, see a great deal sometimes^ "do yon know where she is ?" *1 saw her setting olf somewhere with :X»o®eot," said i uafilp, stopping his quarter-deck exercise for a moment. **A>h, tthen it is .hopless. I suppose I must resign myself to very irregular way® for a little longer," Miss Laipent replied; with a gmKe. .She -is not young, and not good look ing, but she Is gifted with a delightful way of smiling, and she i#-well, the dearest and' almost the wisest of \- women, , She looked at Philip as 'he spoke. She had known us nearly since our Ij&byhood;). " *fls there anything the matter?" eftie said, suddenly. "You looked' fag ged, Leila, and' Philip seems "worried," I glanced at Philip. - He under stood me. "Yes," he replied. "I am irritated, and LeEa is^-" hehe&itated.; "What ?" asked Miss Ijarpeut., 'Pb, I don't fenoiw-obstinate, I : Suppose. Sat down, Alfes Ijarpent, and ibe&r; our story. I^Ca, you can tell it." : ? I did so-first obtaining a promise i>f; secrecy, and- mCMng' Phil relate his ^ .£>wn experience. Our new confidante flasteneS aifcten tlredy, her <fiace very grave. When -J ;/i;sd' heard- ap, £he said quietly, af ter a ^ ^1^ viray strange, very. Philip, if pjrnm wait itiCi ic-ajjorrow night, and r quite agree witJi Jjeiia that you ihad Abetter do ®o, I wiSfl sit up witih you. I hare pretty good qaerves, and I have al ways wanted' aai experience of that bind." " - - "Them you don't .tlii'nk <it is a. «tra«k ?" I mid eagerly. 'I was like Dormer, divided between; my r-eaii underlying longing to explain tilings and get rid of tEe 'horror of it, and< a -hauf -chiidlsh .wish to prove 'that I had not exagger ated ids ghastlisftess. 