THE -BIIOKEN -ROWLOCLK. -bert Lcangdon nod? Charles Naylor, were I companions of long. satiding. In the same rt class at school, and residing in the same street. es' a childish attactiment strengthened as they. grow older, until they seemed more like big brothers than friends. They helped each other ieg ing with their home lessons,- or 'rather. Albert bee assisted his friend, who would not have kept his i phoo in the school but for such 'id; In the its summer'evenings they oftei wetlisfhing, and ne: occasiinally, as they grew older, had a row up the Ribble as far as Walton church. car Charlie's father wished his only son to learn nib his own trade, that of a cabinat-mahier, hut the Albert meant to be a schoolmaster,- and in the end both became pupil teachns in their old civ school. When both were 17 years of are, a well-to-do hot tuncleof Albert's died, and bequeathed tohs blasi favourite nephew a legacy of £2,000, the income meantime to be speut on the fortunate youth's sti education. The legacy led to a feeling of cool- thb ness between the two friends, Naylor fancying goi that Langdon "put on airs " because of his for- the tune. On Naylor s 18th birthday, however, he o was the recipient of a splendid little boat, just sou big enough for two, Laugdou having purchased two boats exactly alike. out of his first half- thi year's interest on his legacy. Thisgenerous act renewedthe strained friend- on shin, and for a time all went along smoothly. 'atrwo often-.went on the river with their be boats, occasionally racing in a friendly fashion, °b and sometimes takiug a friend with them. ca Among the pupil teachers was a pretty girl named Alice Crook-, a favourite with the whol e school, and It soon bhcame apparent thatfor fr horsmilecs the two friends were rivals. And when f Charles iNaylor made the mortifying discovery that Alice preferred Albert's compiany. and in that sho gladly accepted his assistance in pre- hi paring her evening lessons, the spirit of the ms youth again burned fiercely, and he vowed w' to have his revenge "some day." Outwardly, ig to all appearance, he was as friendly as ever; he could not pick a quarrel with Langdon with-. as out giving a reason; and tD confess that bhe ha sighed for the affections of the fair Alice was we impossible, m: "' What do you think of entering in the two- bo cared hoatorace at the regatta, Charlie ?" asked ar Albert one evening. " There are no boats on .an the river so light as ours, and it is not likely , w, that there will be any competitors from othe; places; the prizes will, scarcely tempt them. he Besides, if they-do, we are not obliged to com pete." th " If you are thinking of it, I'll enter," re- so plied Langdon. cc " And I'll take his insufferable pride down a it peg or two," muttered Naylor to himself, as wm he went down to the river at s oarise next morn ing, to pnthimselt in traeing for'the race. He hi would win easily, he believed, and thereby si show Langdon that he was not A1 at every- n thing hie imed at.* cic thing heaimed ad as Nayloe was fully two inches taller, and at least a stone heavier, than-Langdono, it ar seemed a foregone conclusion among their ac quaintancee when it became known that the tI two had entered for the race that Naylor fi would be a comparatively easy winner. The weather on the regatta day was all that e could be desired, and the northern bank of the k river was crowded with spectators, the grand stand being filled by the elite of the town. The Is race for which Langdon andNaylorhad entered j, was far down in the programme,and meanwhile ti they sat with their friends in the grandl stand. ib Alice Crook was there, and to Naylor's atense chagrin, she wore a neat little blue lie, ! ibis competitor's rowing jacket having blue it stripes, while his own lhad chocolate brown. te " I'll take the puff out tof him !" tout Nsaeenr, cscsllita osi in a hec. ieseiestnsto Uth it nd..w.orm, oe n,.a ri o .t eiiic. - There were seven entries forthe two-earod 1 boat race, and Naylor was first favourite. fle had shown himself on the previous Sunday l afternoon to admiring erowds between the brldges, his rapidity of stroke being commented is upon by all who professed to know anything fb aboutnb rowing. ' There was a capitalstart, and before the com- a petitors had gone 100 yards Naylor was leading I with Lnsgdon close behind. Straining every ta nerve the favourite kept well in froithintil he I had rounded the buoy, but getting too near the t bank he was compelled -to ship one oar for a it few seconds, and that lost himn the race. Lang- t don maniged to keep the left of his antagonist, and, in spite of almost superhuman efforts by ( Naylor, won the race hiy about ten yards. s Furiously disappointed, Naylor could not face 1 the sympathy-of his friends, and after resuming a his ordminary dress, went tome, leavieg Alice I Crook to beescorted by Langton. It had been c previously arranged that the two friends should I go to a concert that evening, being Saturday I lit Naylor did not turn ip at the appointed time, and havtingpurchased two reserved sent t tickets;, Langdon called on Mrs. Crook, and it begged her to allow Altee to go with him.t The mother knew of his legacy,and also of his isany good qualities,and believing her'daughter might i do muchbwuorse than marry Langdon she gave her consent. - 'Naylnr's- class. in the Sunday school was minus a teacher next day; he had a a severe cold was the excuse saunt to the superintendent SBut on the Monday morning he was in his place in the day school, and greeted Langdon as though nought had disturbed the good feel e ing between-them. And: their mutual friends a who saw the two young mentogether during the! next few weeks were obliged to admit that they had been agreeably surprised byhNaylor's be haviour under defeat; he was bearing it like a brave young fellow ought to do. ,Naylor had proposed a leisurely row down the river some Saturday evening, goiogwith the the stream, and returning with the icoming tide,therehy rendering the task of roerig seineom. what easier. But the earrying out of the pro 0 fjeet was patponed-First becauise when the tide ee would suit the weather sas uoipropitious; then, as the annua' teachers' examination toek place on s a Saturday otherwise suitable. And thus it r- happened that when they were able to go ek October wao far advanced, and Lsngdon would !Y have dropped the project at the Sest hint from 1e* his friend. ed We shall te all right, Bert; the moon rises at seven, and we shall be en our way back ot hen," said Noylor on their way down to the IT, boathouse. t: And so Lanedon thought as they rowed slowly down with the otreem, the esertion he required bting eo littleas to mieake it very enjony ne sbti. They had gone further thsn originally it intefeded, beig opposite the Nazce, when r, Langdon, looinig rousd westward, saw that a s thick fog iws coming up the river. SLoolk at the fog, Charlie; we must turn at once." ck Naylor was a few yards behindl at the time, nd and insoantlyturoing commenced to roe at :h- his bret sped. Langdon followed suithut before tol he had rowedlfifty yards he fell on his back at ed theIside of the boot, upsetting it. Hoe wasn he enpert saimmer, and soon managed to get ' into the boat angain, but both hisolrswere now cc, lost, and when hehld ailed the wate set of his companion was nohere to be asrn. The fog sir grodually crept round him, rendering it im it, poosible to soe hent the tide was carryiog m- thn hellless hoot. He must be going in tlip Ist direction of home, he thought; that was his aes only consolation. His -position did not seem so very terilous; if the fog would not lift he ml should have no fears for his ultimate nafety. ho Wat had neased his mishap P A brchcen ed towlock, evidrntly, and he felt it csrefully. ec Great heavens-it has been cut i Who0 'If committed such an outrageous deed " and he tried to think that his lifelong triend would not eli be gmultt of a dartardly act which might yet \- end-whow \- "No, no; I will not believe that Charlie fould pi4 ye g erpieditatind gratitde fr 6 tioe asaistance -of many kinds ' E I have hbeen able to ricllr him." ' His rmoningsv were interruptAl by the bo.t t running into a satniibank, with wLich tho su estuary of the Ribbic alounds. : SzWas the sannibmr2k near the shore ? Bing diha high water, or close to it, he dare not rlave is the boat to endearour to stccrtain is su:rrouund ings, and w.itlh somne dficiulty Le push; d theo .n beat.off a.ain. hilvering with the cild. ititing in hiswet ciohLcs,'the thick fog adding to his Iiv dliscomfort, the Ioeas .wenot slowly , y, but not the ncmPy so tnst r.s he ipt.-sined. Asd v.hen Le was begiining to hope t!tharthe tide msist haove c .carried him so near P'rotcn that he miiit pos- to sibly see sobe signs of life on te river baks, hig the boat again strufk the land. Lu "I mustlihe in he estuary of the Douglas sai river," he said to himsesf. tha And again shoving the bo t off, he began to, t hope that he might venture to ta-he to the sand l ' bank when he again struck it. lik The night passed slowly-soslowly to the foc still hopeful occupant of the cocklW-shell boat fri that, 'not knowing in which direction howaas th going, he was both startld and dismayed when,i pot the fog lhting suddenly, he coul see a number ma of lights, but at such a distance away. that forj eh' some time he could not-fcl certain what town t they belonged to. e " That is Southport, and I am being carried out to sea !" " t, It was . ooerwhelmsin oe . bopesi . auv u. f ag_ ibserveatioi -coi ced that he was being carried in' a scu-therly direetion, and ho was thereby somewhat riaesqrcd, as he would ra t long.be ia the treck of ships outward bhaund fromLivcrpool,and might be re-cu.d in time b=-;i fore the intene col had done it terrible work:I d But in spite of his efforts to-keep his blood fu! in circulation,, a sense of numbness stole over th him, and though he well knew that s!eep wouldo to mean death, his determination to keep awako hi was giving way to despair when EUddcnly the hii lights of a large ship loomed before him. " Ship ahoy !" he shouted, but his voice waf thi as hoarse as the cronk f a raven, and could not fat have been heard a dozen yards away. The mooan re was shining brightly, however, and the looloua stt map on boara the steamer Lnppily espied the an boat, which was painted white, with blue stripe ho around the gunwhale.The engines were stopped,l .and a rope thrown to Langdon, but he was too Cl euk -and numbed to catch it. L2 " They have gone, and left me to perish !" he groaned. i But it was nooto. A boat soon put off from ca the steamer, end the'haplcss I angdon w?s do son on board. The reaction produced by the br certainty that he was safe, however, was more Ge than he could bear, and when lifted on board heo e was insensible. do " A narrow escape !" said the doctor. " See, his watch stopped at 7.15 ; he must have been to sitting in that boat, in his wet clothes, for i° nearly six hours. Only a strong coustitution could have stood such an ordeal." tr "Is it safe to send him backwith the pilot ?"* asked the captain. - ha "By " o means. It would be sending him to jy the grave. He will have a sharp attack of '"' fever, I am afraid." 10' His pockets were searched for some evidence of his identity, bat no .papers or letters cf any sr kind were found. a0 " His clothing and the possession of a good hi watch and chuin show him to be respectable ; u we must ask the pilot to makektnown the rcscue Ito the Liverpool papers ; his friends still thus r1 be informed of his safety," said the cspntin. si The doctor's opinion was veriied,'and Lang- yo fdou wvas raving in the delirium oi fever dur- tu ing the whole of the passage across the Atlnutio e ito New York.. Bat )1aving, saflteturned.ktha ' ftir his plssase bhomi'e,"anil he thus returned to Liverpool in the .sams:steaoner. ' In the meantime, consternation, followed by lintensne ri F. reigred in two homes at Preston. Iw SWhen Charles SNaylor realised thathis villainous a Ischeme had bern succc.ful, so.fr that when n he ventured to look rofind, Langdon's boat was snot in sight. his satisfiction was but of a, Smingled character. What i ould be the result ? t ilHad he really contemplated the murder of his 10 old friend ? What would he gain by it ? If y, : ;Beit Lauglon wcredrowned, wouldAlice Crook so transferr hr affections to another, even though tihat otler lad beEn to Langdon likei Absalomu Sto David ? Thes-e and other qurations 1f a similar nature rCharlie yaylor asked limstilf as he pulled' ;steadily onwards. The fog was so thick thtat 5 :e could not see three yards il any direction ;: and with cars strained, he went sloaly on to- C ward the town, not much afraid of being run s Sdoew,, for he knew that very few vessels left tl I Preston on a Saturday night. S "Thank goodness,thrre's a light at last. That Smust be the chnin light, and I have yet moro Sthan two miles to go. But the tide is helpingi i1 o splendidly " Ere he arrived at the new pier, the fog t, f Ilifted, and then he rowed much faster. He had t fixed upon tho course he intended to adopt. He a would say nothing about Langdon unetss clues tioned, and then declare that ho lost him in the fog. p SIt was the most foolish decision he could S save come to, but guilt iuduced fear. SFor the first time in his life, he did not Sarrive at lome until p.st midiight. His father ihbad'gone to bed very angry,delariig tIhat if he I Is awaited the coming home of his sen tiLer would e be arow, and therefore he had bctter retire. S:And his mother, after setting out his hot supprr, ' said uiothing to him about the lateness of the a hour, but also retired. i Before he had linished his supper, there was Sa knock at.the door. N'o one in the fsont could .e eCO the light in the back parlour, and guessing g that someone from Langdon's had come to ask \- for him. Naylor sat still, saying to himself,"Let i- them knock " ' Ie It wasItsa. Langdon, and reluctantly she re i, turned home, thinking it possible, as her hus n band suggested, that the young men had lauded it at Lytham when tho fog camo on, and there o being no train, 'hal 'bsenohtited asstotyell .d night. s Nert morning, however,before Charles Naylot was out of bed, Mrs. Langdon was again at a the door, anC Mrs. Naylor aroused her son. :k " Where did you leave Bort last evening, me Charlie ? " " Somewhere down tho river, when the fog d came on. We lost one another, But surely ho n has come homeP" ? y ; "No, they have heard nothiiig of him. Oh'hI ly C'harlie, how could you leavo him ? You are 'n bigger and stronger than he is, and if anything! has S" Don't talk such nonsense, mother I .Wha; rn an tiave-happened to hinl' ' h B?t Mrs. Naylor dill not reply ;. she went ;, slowly downstairs wit'h her terriblo news,' vainly at nderavouring to assuage the grief of the re striestn mother.e at '" It is no use. Mrs. Naylor; somethingtellai n me my toy is lo.t ! The good dieyouong .'.Ands et never a better son than my 'Bartio trod the tw earth. lie has never aillingly caused ny one of ut s a moment's pain. I don't blame .your son. og He got frighteneld, I suppose, when the fog ot. came on. aml nwas in a hurry to get back.j g t will coma e iu again, and seeo him." lip SIlr Naylor went to the police, and notified lis them that his non was missing ; and acting on so ther advice, he took tihe train for Lytham, and he there engeged a small steam trawler to search for tbhe miaing boat. en But noting a;.. loun, ; v nd . o tidio.s were receive' of i:s onncr. Ot rt~aching l ivcrp..?, ho the pilot of the S!accdunii':s s:; ict Ly l. i he eldest dutghter, with thye ntw tha:t i-cr mater lot had been found dead in bed the preoious muor et Ing. The mesagno he had been charged to de liver to the newspaper ofices wos com;-?.etiy li forgotten, an his grief at the death ce his wife, li itit wan not until the feioil Thursa I that lie chladn sceaibringilhA, E" cho "' -' the effect that a young man named i.:ngds.i'.eho went for a row on the Ribble on 'Saturday evening, hid not returned, and it wae 'supposed hbe bd been ost in` the fg: Blamilng himself for his forgetfulness, thu pilot imme diatily 'sired to the 1 uston police,to the effect that the Macedoulia hd picked lp asmall boot with a young mus iit, in the Channel, some (en .niles tetst of the sl rsey Bar. A fuew ours afterwards Mir. Langdon was iq Liverpool, and after suinme litio trouble found' the pilot. B 'utagain the heart-broken father had to endure the ltorments of suspense.: The pilot had to admit that the rescued young man was in a high fever when be left theabteamer, 'and Mr. Lengdon returned home with .a fuller under stlunding than he had previounsly possessed of that well known text-" Hope deferred,makenlh the heart sic." SDuring that week, Charles Naylor went about like an animated ghost, and won golden opinions. for his evident grief for the supposed loss of hid friend. But, to the astonishment of his parents,! the news brought by Mr. Langdon from Liver, pool did not chase the gloom from the young man's brow. He seemed to become more melan choly than before; and as the time approachedi when the Langdons might expect to hear fron their son, if he had recovered, the Naylor'd earsud that Charlie was going out of his mind3 The arrival of the Maledonia at New Yorl RIas duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers,but idutirode"afil of the reaern.e4 enpaway r aaimn tihe opes'of the Laogdous grew fainter . The tortures of remorse endured by Charle 'NZylarduring this period it would be impossible to descrrie. lie could not eat, and the little ieces he was able to obtihin was broken bj dofol dreams, in which Albert Langdon was drorwning, and appealing to him for help. The full enormity of the crime he had cammitted, as the result 'of his mad jealousy, had come home to him, and he would have givenall he posessed his hopes, his prospects, could he have undoad his wicked deed. SThe hopes of the Langdons now centred id the return of the Macedonia, and the joy of the family may be imagined when a telegrnam wa received from their son, handed in at Queen stown, saying that he was quite. well and hoped to be at home within twenty-fourn hours. " I mut go ando tell Mrs. NSyloor ; sh B Charlie is fretting himself to death." said Mrs. Langdon. But the good news had an effect on Cbarlce Naylor that astonished all who knew the ci cumstances Ho was taken suddenly ill, and thq doctor said he was in for a sharp attack brain fever. For some time his life was in dan1 ger, and when ho was suflcieutly recovered see visitors the frst to omo was Albert Lang don. He had not been told that Langdon wished, to see him, and when his old friend spoke he turncd away his face, crying: SBertie Langdon I No, no; I cannot-I4 tried-" " Hush, Charlie 1 'You must forget wha: hapiened on that day. It' is known only youn and me. I knew you woold be sorry oafte wards, Charlie. You have hbeen spareda life long miEery. Shake hands; old friend." From that hour Charlie Naylor reoeredo strength rapidly. But for a long time he avoided tho rier, and before he ventured ont Shis boat had bren sent Asa gift to bazaar got up at Southniort on behalf of the lifeboat fundI Only Albert Langdon could bare exilaini why, after that braid frever attack, his friend seemed to have suddenly changed from the youth to the man. His exoberunt spirits andj tun- loving.natsre had vanished; and he wosl seldom seen to smile. To the regret of his! an .Po.eR"u5..ber.neiagearta.Ua tOe:teasutaietir e em -rd aie"i Lacu:don aP ene uerm itis i'rnaoea. y Ji_,,Thio'i"iuerefiee.0cm tat row; Langdon) omerrid Alicaroolr, Naylor, after much per. sission,ibeingo' "best man " on the occasion. y Ilow foolish to go rowing on the Ribble when the tide is up, and unable' to swim' " re s marked one of the male guests, after the newly, a werddedl pair had departed for Torquay. SOnly Albeit Langdon could have explained! why Charles Naylor turned pale, his eyes disn Stending with'horror, as a paragraphfrom the locol efning' piper was read, relating' how a young man had been drowned oon the river, his sktff heving been upset as the.result of a Sh " brkcn rowlock." 