TIT BITS OF USEFUL AND IN TERESTING INFORMATION. Tnr. long-lost birthplaco of Buddha has boon discovorod in tho Nopal Torai. Two fourte .n-year-old boys at Bir- mingham havo boon froou for Doing drunk. Cindorella was the most popular subjoct of pantomimo in Groat Britain. The soono of the Beohuaualand out break is 1000 miles distaut from tho seat of Government. JX muu una »uuu UTU» ' London court for blacking a pantocaine " ghost's " oyo. Tho King of Swodon enjoys tho dis. tinction of being tho tallest and hand somest monarch in Europe. Ibsen ia a rocluso. He is novor soon at tho theatre, or in sooioty, or at any plnco of ontortainmont. It would tako an express train two years to cover tbo diatanco a ray of light will travel in 5J seconds. Tho Christmas season in Edinburgh was responsible for a largo numbor of marriages among tho poorer clnss. Powerful stonm-ploughs havo boon recently imported into tho Transvaal in viow of tho rindorpost ravngos. Owing to tho lack of recruits for tho Foot GunrdB, tho stundnrd is to bo lowered from 5ft. 9in to 5ft 8 A in. Betwoon fivo and six millions storliug was raised during tho yonr now closing for motropolitnn charitios. According to a French nlmannc just publishod if your cat has a cold, rub its noso with oomo fatty eubstanco. Blows, kicks and hideous yells nro the recognised moans of handliug animals Dy mo .uuicuaiuu m ouuwi Africa. Thoro sooms somo likelihood that tho now yoar will witnoss a steady growth of tho popularity of tho tricycle. By an Act of tho Scottish Pnrliamont which is s ill in fo-co, a man who strikes his father or mother is liable to he hanged. Lord Macaulay diod in his oasv chair with tho opening ohaptors of Thnclc- eray'i story q( 11 Lovol, th» Widowor," beforo him. A livo corncraik was caught tho other day at Stobo, Peebloshiro. Tho bird should have booa of! to othor climos long boforo this. Tho host thing that could happen for tho world would ho for Amorica to nnnox Cuba, Spain is a played-out old couutry. Somo timo ago tho littlo king of Spain witnessed his first bull-fight, this being a part of his education — vory much against hia mothoris will. A lady swindler, with a long Turkish naroo, which sho explains as signify ing "Tho True Child of tho Saviour," is now in tho hands of tiio Paris polico. Tho battleship which is to bo built at Portsmouth will have a socoud pro- 'VVH'U VAVV-rt. (Uttl 10, u ObOUl IUU1U UUUK, as woll as tho usual armoured deck This is ono of tho rosults of tho Chiuo- Japanese war. Franco has moro monoy in circula tion in proportion to its population than any country. Previous to tho sixtoonth century cvory physician in Europe woro a ring on his finger, as an 'indication of his profossion. Java is said to bo tho rogiouof tho globo whero it thunders oftonost, hav ing thundor-storms, on an nvarago, 97 clays .of tho year. Evory year a layer of tho entiro soa 14ffc thick, is taken up into tho clouds ; tho winds boar thoir burden in to tho land and tbo wator couies down in rain upon tho fields to flow baok through rivors. In Africa tbo prefix sorvos for tho : purpose that tbo affix sorvos for in European langungos. For examplo ; Spain, Spaniard, Spanish— so In our mothor tonguo;butin Africa, Uganda is tho narno of a State, Wnganua aro tho inhabitants thereof, aud Mngnnda tho languago. Many porsonB uso Uio phraso " in a trice" who havo no eonooplion of its moaning. A trico is tho Mxtiolh part of 11 second of timo. Tho hour is divided into 60 minutes, tho minutes into 60 seconds, tho aeoouds into GO trices, or thirds, from tho Spanish On any Bpeoial fostivo occasion a OhinoRo host sonde out throo anparate invitations to his guests. Tho first is dispatched a couplo of days boforo tho bnnquot : tho socond on tho dn.v it«AlP. to remind tho friends that thoy aro ex- pootod without fail; and tho third, about an hour boforo sittiog down to tho table, by way of showing how anxiously tho visitors aro awaited. Several of the higher npos shiaro with man tho involuntary habit of blushing. The blush of au ape extends ovor a larger portion of tho body thnn that of a human hoing. Any sudden shook, or ploasuro, or surprise, or a fit of angor will bring nut a vivid blush on tbo faco of an apn. It may bo said that all animals which perspire through tho skin aro moro or loss capable of blushing, for a flush on tho skin is simply tho result of a rush of blood, duo to relaxation of the muscles con trolling tho vossols underlying Iho skin. The different colours of tho sky aro caused by cortnin rays of light boing moro or less strongly refloated or ab- eoruou, according to tho amount of moisture contained in tho atmosphere. Such colours do, thereforo, portend to somo oxtont the kind of weather that may naturally be expected to follow. For instance, a rod sunsot in dicates a fino to follow, because tho air when dry refraots more red or hoat- making rays, and as dry air 5b not per fectly transparent, thoy aro again to- flcotod in tho horizon. A coppory or yellowy sunsot gonorally forotolls rain. Tho following has boon advocated as a fairly successful wayof prognosticating: fix your oyo on the smallest cloud you uu»i " »« uvuiououn tutu uiauppHUro tko woathor will be good ; if it inoroases in size rain may bo looked for. 