A HASTY CARRIAGE. CHAPTER XXVri. DOIUS AND 1TRBDEBICIC S1BBT. For . three lon({ ond weary years Frederick Thornton travirllBd incessantly j but his great effort to forge c Dori* was 'all in v&ia.; The sweet, dimpled, girlish face was becween him and the sunshine — filled his thoughts — made his lite one long regret. ' How stiange it was,' bo often told himself, ' that ho had discovered his love for puor, pri'tty Doris in the very hour that be had IobC her so /-rnMlv \u Threo years bad made little change in Frederick 'Thornton. He was the same htindeorne Frederick aspf old ; all save the guy, laughing sparkle in the -dark, expressive eyee. That, hud di»d oui of them for ever, leaving them tlioujjhtf.nl and gloomy, ?with a look of brooding malaushoiy iu thanv that |iever left them. Pretty young girls sighed and smiled at the handsome American all in vain, He Deemed to be obliviouB to tbe charms of fair women, cr else \- marble-hearted, they often declared. After three years of incessant travelling, fate brought him, one aunlit June morning, to the little village of Kent, lying among the Kentish hills. He was delighted to find there -vaa a party of Americans stopping ut the villa across tbe way. Strolling out upon the piazza of the hostelry, the first pereon whom his eyes rested upon' was his old .college chum, Karl Lancaster, ' Wei1, by all that's wonderful, if it isn't Fred Thornton i exclaimed Kari, cheerily, as he wrung bin old friend's hand in the greatest delight, 'This is, indeed, a aurprieo. Where in tbe world did you drop from ?' ' I came up from London for a few weeks' quiet,' axchiimed Frederick, adding : ' I return to New York at the end of tb« month.' !' The deuce you do!' exclaimed Kar), impul sively. ' Do you think I shall consent to lose my old chum so easily P No, indeed. You will make a valuable acquisition tu our little party.' 'Whoia thero among your paityP' inquired Frederick. ' Only my mother and father, father's ward, MIbb Fielding, and myself. We have just goo rid of two noble lords and an carl who persisted in fol lowing ub about from place to place, having been smitten with fathet'o ward ; but finding their suit useless, one by one gavo up in despair and went hie way.' ' ? ,t Frederick smiled. *,» ?' You must come over and dluo w.ith us lo-day, and I will present you to Miss Fielding.. But 1 warn you beforehand, do not attempt to fall in love with hor.' ' ' No doubt you have- hopes in that direction,' smiled Thornton. ' But you need not fear a rival in me. I have gotten over being a beauty wor shipper. I always avoid women when I can,' 'I hope you are not going to turn out a cynical ?woman-hater,' declared Karl. ' That would never do — nover, I shall expect you to dine with us to day, and I shall not take ' No' for un answer,' said Karl. again, at parting. 'In that obb6 it would bo uselecs to give any other answer than out* in tho affirmative,' smilod Frederick. ' So I shall probably put in an appear aaco some time, during (ho afternoon. Kindly .re member me to your father and mother.' 'After a littlo the friends partod, Karl going toward the villa, and Frederick Thornton strolling leisurely down tbe flower-strewn path that led toward the rivor that lay smiling beyond. How long he stood there in a dreamy reverie ho B'jver knew. He was aroused at length by tho sound' of hurried footsteps, and turning his head Blightly, a sight met hie view that he never forgot until bis dying day. From an abrupt curvo in the path — seemingly from out of tho vory henrb of a thicket of roses— stepped a young girl ; a tall, slim lovely orenturo, graceful ub a fawn, with rf'faoe so radiantly lovely in its fair dimpled girlish beauty asalmost to take his breath away at the first fatal' ?. 'glance. Surely the summer sunlight had never fallon upon a fairer picture than this beautiful, golden-haired young girl. v She' was' hurrying along so swiftly she did pot '?? perceive tbe tall, handsome stranger leaning against the trunk of a tree, gazing at her so intently. Sho'piBsed so near Frederick ho could have pub out hie hand and touobed her dross ; and suddenly, in that instant, a passing, sportive breeze caught tho broad sun-hat thi.t was tilted down over hor curie, lifted it from her bead, and hurled it direotly &t; Fredetick Thoruton's foot. Quickly ho Btooped to recover it. ' Permit me,' bo said, extending the hat by iia 'blue tlbbons with ono hand, and raising his hat with a courteous bow with tho other. The young girl started back with a low ory oE terror, and looked into his face, clutching one hand tightly over hor heart. As tho render has already imagined, it wan Dotis. , \ 'Altar throe long yours alio stood faoo to faoo with Frederick Thornton again. And she s&w;, too, that ho did not recognise hor, so great was tho ohango in hor. Ah, it was littlo wonder he did not, ? boliuving Doris to bo lying cold in her gravo on the other side of tho blue, rolling Atlantic . Ho heardi tho low, Rasping ory, and buw tho blanching of the lovely, dimpled cheeks, ' I bof- a thousand .pardons if I havo startled you,' he eaid, eagerly. ' I fancied you must havo Boon me standing here an you carno down tho path.' . Doris received the bat from his hand with a little nervous bow. She could not truBt herself to answer him, so great was hor emotion \ sho almost fancied she would fall down dead at his feet in tho loner, primrosu-studdod grass. What reply she made, Bhe novorkuow. Turning away,1 she hnrriod swiftly down tho path. ''FredmiakThorntonl' she murmurod.pantingly, when*Bho was quite out of sight and hoating. ' Ah, Heaven, what can ho bo doing hnro P' ( ' Sho waa so strangely exoltod, flushing nnd paling by turns, that she quito alarmed Mrs. Lancaster when nho returnod to tho villa. 'Why, what is tho matter, my dear Doris P' sho osolaimnd, in dismay. ' Iically, you look a8 though you had Hoi-n a ghost.' Boforo Doris could roply sho wont on qujoklyt ' I want you to look your boBt this evening, DorlB donr, for Karl brings an old friend to dino with ub ' —a Mr. Thornton. /Ho wad a groat friend of Karl's ' nt College I have known his family intimately for y oars.' . ? ' 'You will Uavo to exnu«o mo this ovoning, Mrs. Larionstor,' plendod Doris. 'I have tho most Bovcro headaolio I havo ovotvhad In all my life.' - Looking into tho flunhod face, nnd unnaturally brilliant eyoo, who oould doubt it P . . ' Lie down and tnko a short rosb, my donr,' BUg gostod, Mrs. Lancaster. 'You will be all right by . ovoning.' Still Doris HuRorod. How aho longod to aalc if Vivian wnn with him, but prtdo forbiidc Of courBO, believing biuiBelf irco, ho bad married Vivian long sinco. Frederick Thornton hod Btood gazing affcor that ifllim, girlish figure with tho abrangenb eonsation nt bin heart that ho had ovor oxporionood. ' Pshnn I' ho muttoiod, impatiently, Btriking a match on tho solo of his boot, and proceeding to lk'hta cigar. ' Soinuhow tho fonturoH of that young fjlrl's ffloo remind mo atruugnly of poor liftlo Dona. Perhaps Doris would havii grown into just suoh u auporb creature, if hIih had lived. Can that bo Miss Fiolding, I wonder P' ho mused. During tho romaindor of tho morning Frederick Thornton caught himself, thinking continually of tun young girl ho had met la tho clon. Ho pr«neiitod hiuiaolC punctually at tho villa. Tho doctor and his good wifo and Kurt welooinod him cordially j bub tho faoo ho longod to boo (if, indeed, th« pretty young girl lit1 had mot was Miss Floldinu) w«b not thorn. 'I am aorry Mf«s Floldincr lias n hoatinoho, and ounnot bo presented to you,' said Mm. Lnnoaster, aluillngly ' Howovor, this is nob to bo your laab vlllb to tho villa i wo ahull expect to boo a (jroat daUofyou whllo you uro ^'.M (iho V™3% ' Porbapu I havo mot Miss Fiolding alroady, replied Fredoriolt, nmillng i and ho prooeodod to reoounttho ndvonturc of tho morning, minutoly d0^U-SiBCln£nd'sward, declared Mrs. (Lancaster. ' How nhrowd you aro at gucBBing, my . opportunity to call ovory day at t--10|»»'ll».b»' PJ . Homo Btranun chance ho was novor oblo to find tho do' or' 'ovoly young ward thero. Onco huh'*''* ho Bftw tho flutter of a white droBi leaving tho library by ono door ns ho outcrod by auothur. At last ho Burprinod bur ono day by outorintf, quito unobanrvod with Mra. Lnnenstor an hour -eiullor than ho usually onllod. For a fllaglo lnatanfa the room seemed whirling around Doris, As in a dream she beard Mra. Lancaster' go through the formula of the introduction. She heard Frederick Thornton say, ' I urn happy to meet you, Miss Fielding,' then, to her dismiy, Mrs. Lancaster was called away, and they were loft alone to gether. He bad looked into her eyes, heard her voice, and had not recognized her: and sho told herself, with a bitter smile, that the would never butray her identity to him — never I Ho should never know that she was the same Doris to whom be bad been bound by that fatal midnight marriage, and who. had deserted her . so cruelly at the very altar almost, He had not grieved to have the fetters that bound him to herself snapped asunder by her death, she felt sure Of course he was Vivian's husband long since, and could, therefore, be noth ing to hor now — less than nothing— and quite un consciously her face grew cold, hard, and haughty with superb scorn us ho gazed at her. At that uiomont Kurl entered the drawing- room, nnd Doris took tho opportunity to esoape from his preBenco instantly. Frederick Thornton looked after Miss Fielding in wonder, not. unmixed with pique. ..Why did this lovely young girl take such an aversion to him at first sight ? Why did she avoid him bo persistently P he asked himself, vexodly. He could not under etand. Yet, despite this knowledge, he Boomed drawn as by a magnet each day to the villa. (To be continued,.) 