WHOSO FffiDETH A By WILLIAM Le QUEUX, Author of "The Great War in England in 1897," "Zoraida,''- "Stolen Souls," " Guilty Bonds," " A Secret Service," &c.;, &c.; ' [Published by special arrangement with the author. . All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIII.— A Tebbible Truth. , Ella's cold, formal adieu stunned me. X stood open-mouthed, petrified. We had parted on 'the ,best rif terms, she kissing me 'affec tionately, and with wifely solicitude'bidding me hasten back; yet, in my absence she'had departed, evidently carrying out some pre arranged plan. Her maid, Roberts, had noticed her packing' her trunks /three days before; therefore - it was certain-that she meant to desert me as soon as opportunity offered. Unaccountable and astounding as was her sudden flighty the discovery I bad made among the papers in her escritoire was even morel amazing. It held me stupefied and aghast. The paper I .held in my hand was the original of the secret convention between England and Germany ; -the dooument that had been stolen from me, transmitted by telegraph to the Russian Foreign Office, and had neaHy caused a terrible and disastrous European war. When I took' it -from mnohg the letters and saw its neat formal writing and sprawly signa tures' I gazed' upon it 'in blaiik Amazement, unable at first to realise the startling- truth. There was, however, ho room for doubt. It was the actual document that had _ been so in geniously purloined, for it reposed in the eacre toire/still in: its official envelope.. - The great black seal affixed by the Earl of Warnham had beeii broken and both envelope and document had the appearance of having at some time or other; beenr folded small, besides being sadly crumpled.' '' Beneath the'shaded light I examined , the envelope c&refullv; and detected afaint earibinb streak upon it; then, placing it to my nostrils, found that it exuded a stale odor of sain paguita. In an instant the truth was plain, j Thepinkdiscolbrati6hhadheenca.usedbyrouge; | the scent was Ella's favorite perfume that she always procured from Paris. No doubt the document had been carried for a considerable ' period in her pocket for .safety, and become crumpled, as papers will if ■ carried in ~ a woman's dress. While the-envelope might easily-1 have absorbed the odor of Vthat unmis takable perfume from'her handkerchief the streak of rouge puzzled me, for I had never suspected her of an artificial complexion, nor " had I ever seen the hare's foot and carmine among her toilet articles. : "TellRoberts I wish to speak to her,"I said, turning to Juekes, who had _ stood by in silence, puzzled at my strange action of break ing the top of the escritoire. He obeyed and in a few moments the neat dark-eyed maid entered., , "Roberts," l exelhimed, "I'want you to : tell me something.,;-; Does my wife 'use any carmine to give artificial color'to her cheeks 5" " Oh, no, sir," the girl assured me. "Madam is very averse to the use.'of such things. Once or twice when she has been goin£ out at night and looked unusually pale I have suggested a little additional color, but she has always re fused." . -V. - / " Did she have any rouge or anything of that sort in her possession ? ! enquired. \- - " No, sir, I am quite certain she hadn't." J "NVhyare you so confident ?'; >•i "Becauseonly the other day when I, was] ill with a sick headache madam urged me to use some color, as my face was so pale. Visitors were ooming, she said, and she didn't want me to look like a ghost. I told her that I-had ho; carmine ;and she remarked that she liadnone, therefore nothing could be done." " When did my wife pack those two trunks, she took with her this evening 5" ' • ■ • '•' "Last-Monday, sir," the girl answered, slowly twisting her -befrilled apron in her .•hands. ■ " She"; received a"-note, by boy mes senger and immediately set about packing the; boxes;" '■ /-'I "Did she tell you anything?': I asked, ] \- adding .confidentially, "I have reason to believe that my/wife ha3 left us, -therefore i anything you tell me may assist me in tracing her."-'— . !•; --v.'! The girl glanced at-me in genuine surprise. "Do you mean, sir,/that .madam has—has run away?-'she gasped. ' " No—well, ; not exactly," I stammered. "But did she tell you anything?" - With eyes^downcast the girl 'paused in hesitation,: answering at last, " She didn't actually tell me atiything." ' " . • \--"But .what do you know about her inten-] tions-?' :-; "Nothing," she answered.- Then after a pause .she added. "Well, to tell you the "• trutfi,: sir, I.liad suspicions." ■ • ■'•'Of what? 'Do not fear to speak because I . - am her -husband," I said reassuringly. " I may as well know the worst at once." \- ".SheUsed'frequently to receive notes from a gentleman -They were brought by a com missionaire or by a man servant, who waited for the answer. When they came I always knew that on the following day she would be absent many hours." . : You believe that she mot this mysterious individual—eh ?' I asked huskily. " Yes/ for she always told me never'to admit to you that she had been long absent. There fore I had suspicion that she met somebody clandestinely." - •" "What was his name?' . ' ' " I have never been able to ascertain. Once Iglanccdat a note lying on madam's dressing table. It merely announced the writer's in tention to attend Lady Pearson's 'at home' and was signed' 'X.'" • " Well,0' I said hoarsely after a long silence. "Whatelse?' _ , •/"Nothing,"- she replied. • "'That is allT know, sir." , "Has my wife;tSkeh her jewels?" I en quired.• "No. She has left her jewel-case un locked, but everything is there. She has even left behind her wedding-ring." : " Her wedding-ring!" I echoed, astounded and dismayed. "Then she has discarded me completely." : "Unfortunately it appears so, sir," the girl observed gravely. . " Very well, Roberts," I said in a broken voice. |'Thank you.- You may go." Thegiii glanced at me for an instant with a sad. pitying look, then turned and left, closing the door noiselessly behind her. . * Alone,' I sank into the chair utterly broken down, still holding in my nervous, trembling .. fingers the secret dooument that secured the peace and welfare of ^the two most powerful nations on earth. I had at last discovered the; hideous truth. • Ella, the woman whose \ grace and beauty had held me enmeshed, and whom I had loved ' with an intensity of passion - that was all consuming, was, : after all, base and worthless; Although • making a hollow pretence to. love me she had cast ■ me aside for this mysterious map who signed himself with an initial and who met her secretly almost daily. I had been a blind, devoted idiot, I knew, but until I bad watched-her in Kensington Gardens I had never suspected her of infamy. It seemed, however, that she had no sense of shame and eared nought for my dishonor or despair. Her perfidy was - now revealed in all its painful reality,- Ella, whom I had always regarded . as-pure, honest-, and trusting, was a woman of tarnished repute. The fact that she had the secret convention in her possession 'was in itself sufficient evidence that the mystery sur rounding her was deep and of no ordinary character. Sonia had warned me that she was my enemy and this fact was now indeed vividly apparent. How she had become possessed of the stolen treaty was inexplicable. Full well she knew all tbe terrible anxiety its loss had caused me and the sensation that its revelation had created throughout Europe. Times without number I had mentioned to her how anxious my chief was_ to recover the original so that our enter prising friends in St. Petersburg could have no tangible proof that it had actually existed, yet she had given no sign that she knew any thing of it; much .less that it actually reposed itt-Wy own drawing-zoom, L did-BQti fail'in those moments of my despair to recollet that she had been on the most intimate terms with Dudley Ogle, the man suspected to have been in the service of the Czar's Government and as I sat in wonderment it became gradually impressed upon me that through those many months I had been basely tricked and'that Ella herself, charming and ingenuous as she seemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England. Several facts that I recollected combined to produce this startling belief. Because of my confidential position as secretary to the Earl of Watnham it was apparent that Ella, with the assistance of my whilom friend Dudley and the encouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me beneath her spell. She had become my wife, not because she had ever loved me, but because she could feign affection or hatred with equal impunity and had some ulterior motive m obtaining my confidence. Her firm resolve to ascertain the true facts regarding Dudley's mysterious end showed plainly that : if they were not lovers they had acted in com plete accord, and what was more likely than that he, having stolen the secret convention, had on that memorable night at the Nook handed it to her, the instigator of the ingenious theft? Yet an hour or so later he died from some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. To her the tragic occurrence was a mystery, a3 to all, and her refusal to render me any ex planation of her suspicious actions was, I now saw,' quite natural. Held beneath the iron thraldom of her masters in St. Petersburg she dared not utter one word, hence I had re mained in the outer darkness of doubt and ignorance. However it might be, one thing was certain. She had been unexpectedly parted from me either by choice or compulsion. Perhaps it. was that to pose as my wife was no longer necessary, yet if she were actually a spy was it not curious that in departing she should over look this document, of which the Ministry jit St. Petersburg were so anxious to possess themselves ? Again as l sat alone before the .cheerless grate I reflected, that "if she were in the pay of Russia surely M. Grodekoff, the Ambassador, 'would have bees: acquainted with her. Besides, what reason could Reaouf have had in making such careful enquiries, or why did Paul Ver blioucjcvitch discredit the truths uttered by Sonia? arid urge nie to marry the woman I 'loved? Nevertheless if, as I supposed, my position ill the Foreign Office had caused me to be tho victim of a clever and deeply Con ceived conspiracy, it was scarcely surprising that the Czar's representative should disclaim all knowledge of .the sweot-faeed agent, or that Paul had praised her and cast obloquy upon Sonia, in order that their plans^ whatever they were, should be 'achieved. Of the actions^ of Renouf and his strange disregard for detection I co'uldTorm no satisfactory conclusion. AH I knew was that EUa's career had been an un scrupulous and inglorious one, and that she had cast me aside as soon as her infamous ends had been Attained. . The only person who could elucidate the mystery was Sonia, the pretty girl who had been denounced by Renouf as a murderess, and who was now in "hiding in far-off Russia in some out-of-the world place where I could never hope to find her. If she were clever enough To elude the combined vigilance of the detective force of-Europe; as undoubtedly she had done,1 there was but little hope that I could ever run her to. earth." The mystery had by Ella's flight been in creased rather than explained, for the more I pondered the more deeply-rooted became the con viction that she had decamped because she had cause to fear some strange development that would lead to her exposure and sbame. . Alter a. time I roused myself and taking from the broken escritoire the other letters it contained, five in -number, examined them eagerly beneath the light. . • Ail xyere in the same hand, a heavy mascu line one, written evidently with a quill. One. by. one X -read them, finding that they con tained appointments, which fully bore out her maid's suspicions. . "My dear Ella," one ran, "to-morrow I shall be on the departure platform at King's Cross station at 11.30. I have good news for you. ' .Conie.—X." . . ; Another regretted the writer's inability to keep an appointment,; as he had been called Unexpectedly^ to .Paris and was compelled to leave, by the.night_mail jfrom Charing Cross. He, however, promised to return in three days and gave her the Grand Hotel as his address if she found it necessary to'telegraph. Strangely enough the letters contained no endearing terms, either at their commencement or conclusion. Formal and brief, they all related to appointments at various places in London where two persons might meet un noticed by the crowd, and all were signed by the single mysterious initial. 1 stood with them in my hand for a long time, puzzled and hesitating, then, placing them carefully in my pocket, together with the secret document I had, so unexpectedly unearthed, I crammed on nay hat and hastiiy drove to Pont-street. The house was in darkness; save for a light ' in the basement, and in answer to my summons, after a lapse of some minutes, a tall gaunt woman in rusty black appeared in the area below. I was surprised at being thus met by a. stranger, but enquired for Mrs. Laing. "Mrs. Laing ain't at 'ome, sir," answered! the woman, looking up and speaking with a; strong Cockney twang. j "Not at home!" I exclaimed, surprised. "Where is she ?' \- -"She's gone abroad somewheres, bat I don't i know.where," the woman answered. " She's! sold all her valuables, discharged the.servants, and left me-'ere as 'ousekeeper." _ ■;" When did she go ?" I asked. " This morning. I answered an advertise ment in the Chronicle yesterday and entered on my duties'ere to-day. Quick, ain't it ?" •The'rapidity of her engagement I was com pelled £o admit, but proceeded to make further enquiry whether'Mrs. Laing's daughter-had been there; ."No, sir. No one's been here to-day except a foreign-looking' gehtleman, who asked if madam had left, and when I said that she had he went away quite satisfied." ; " What kind of man was he ?" " " Tall and thin, with a Iongish dark beard." The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance: therefore, after some further questions regarding Mrs. Laing's mysterious departure, I was compeUed to wish the worthy Woman good evening. She knew nothing of Mrs. Laing's movements, not even the name of the terminus to which she had driven, such-pains had Ella's mother taken to conceal the direction in which she intended to travel. ' Some secret 'undoubtedly existed between mother and daughter; its nature held me perplexed and bewildered. 