\ ' '? CHAPTER.XLV. '^-:iff:^:f Tho Man 'With tho Torch. The startling news had been discussed In all its phases In the little parlor, Mary taking no part. She sat with averted face listening, but ever and anon when Edward's indignation,became un restralnable she turned and looked at him. ¡She did not know that the paper contained a reference to her. The astounding revelation, aside from the ac cusation, was the wound. Strange that he had hot discovered lt. \,Who could have murdered poor Rita? Positively tho only persons on tho Immediate premises were Yifdow, Evan, and Ger ald, yirdow was, of course, out of the question, and the other three were In the room. It was the blow that had driven her head through the glass. What enemy could the woman have had? , So far as he was concerned, the charge" could amount to nothing; Evan was in the room with him; the General would surely remember that. But the horror, the mortification-1-he, Edward Morgan, charged with murder,, and ,'th'e centre of a scandal in "which the name of Mary Montjoy was mentioned, .-~"~ " Tho passion loft him; depressed and sick from reaction, he sat alone in the little-parlor, long after the ladies, had retired, and then came the climax. A cablegram reached .the house and was handed in to him. It was signed by Evan, and read: . . "You have been indicted. ' Return." "Indicted," and for murder, of course. It gave \- him no uneasiness, but- it thrust all light and I sweetness from life.- The dream was over. There could now be no search for Marion Evan. That must pass, and with it-hope. . ' ' : .He had builded upon that idea castles whose minarets wore the colors of sunrise. They had fallen, and his life lay among the ruins. He heard the clocks of Paris ring out the hours. The street had ceased to echo with the deep rum ble pf the vehicles and the footfall of late wan derers. The city slept. He could hear only the deep, lessening sigh, the murmur that is never separate from sleeping cities, the note of rest. . But no rest for him! He looked once into the little room; how small and close. He would die in there. The thought came to him that it was a cell! Not for a for tune would he have gone in and put out the light. How long he sat in the little parlor he had no idea; he was startled out'of his thoughts by the opening of an opposite door. A woman stood there in her sleeping robe, holding a tiny night lamp in her hand;' Shutting the door and looking straight ahead, she came slowly to him. The apparition, so sudden, so ghost-like-and noiseless, terrified him for the moment. Then he saw it was Maryl and realised that she was asleep. He could have¡ touched-Axer as she passed; she did not see him. At the:open door of his roora she paused and'spf tly called his name, hesitatedjvAnd then entered. He crept to the door and gazed in; she had placed the lamp upon the table, taken a seat by the bed, and was intently gazing upon the pillows. He drew back and.tried tc decide what to do; how to save her from her self. He thought once of ! going out into the street, but then the. elder woman might awake and would surely mise and call to her. Then he thought to awaken Mrs Móntjoy and explain the situation; but,would not that also betray a secret? If he could'jget; her back into the sitting-room, he would open-the mother's doorland close his. When she awoke the,ne> there 8wquld be a moment or twp of confusÍQn¿ ¡á hurried retreat, and all would be well. * Cl.UK'-:'' ' Something must be done. He'glanced in again; her head had .sunk upon her arm, she was un conscious again. ? Going to her side he knelt and placing his arms gently under, the chair, lifted it without a 'tremor. Her soft, brown hair was against his cheek, one hand was upon his shoulder, but he held his breath and softly, with absolute silence, passed into the other room and placed the chair by the table to which he brought the little lamp. The sleeper had not stirred. Then, with one motion of his hand, he extinguished the gas. The scene now fascinated him; he was alone v/ith the woman he loved. A moment only he gazed upon the little figure; the brown hair swung loosely about her face and almost concealed it; ho took the mother's -scissors from the table and, selecting a little ringlet, noiselessly severed, it from the shapely hoad, opened her door slightly, and passed quickly into his own room. It was no longer a cell. Fie threw himself upon the bed to sleep, but the grey of dawn was already over the city; lhere carno a rumbling vehicle in the street; he heard the sound of a softly closing door-and then he arose and went out. Paris was deserted except where a belated revel ler in (¡reas coat went unsteadily home, or men of the early trades made their~appearance. The incident ol .the somnambulist had changed the current of his thoughts; the 'early morning air and exercise brought back his physical equipoise: He returned for breakfast, with a good appetite, and though grave was tranquil again. Neither of the ladies brought up the painful subject; they went with him to see the learned oculist, and came back silent and oppressed: There was no hope . The diagnosis corresponded with Dr. Camp bell's; tba blind eye might have been saved years aço, but an operation would not have been judi cous under the circumstances. : Continued sight must depend upon ber general health. The scenes of , European travel could not be gained now; the cablegram said, "Return.",. There was a good reason for it, as they found later; there could be no bail given under the circum stances. If the court adjourned before their re turn the accused might have to remain in prison until the next term of court. All their pleasures and holies buried in one brief day; they turned their backs on Paris, and started homeward. Edward saw Cambia no more; Mrs. Montjoy called alone and said .farewell. The next day ?they- sailed from Havre. In New York Norton met them, grave and .'em barrassed for once ,ln his lifo, and assisted in their hurried departure for the fair southern home. There was no exchange of views between the two men. The paper Norton had sent was acknow ledged; that was all. The subject was Too painful for discussion. And so they arrived' in Georgia. They were met by the Montjoy carriage at a little station near the city. It was, the 11.20 p.m. train. General Evan was waiting for Ed ward. :.-.?': The handshaking over; they rapidly left the sta-' tiqn. Evan had secured from the Sheriff, b.y his large personal influence, á temporary' exemption from arrest for Edward, but it "was understood that he was to remain out of sight. A mau com ing home from Europe to face a trial .would hardly attertipt to escape, Sud the trial was to be. im mediate. ' . . l It was tacitly agreed between the two men that night that the one subject of vital interest should not be broached upon the road; and so Edward gave himself .up to quiet details, of their journey and the visit to Moreau. Geo. Evan heard the decision with inexpressible sorrow. . '?>, Nor was the subject of Marion Evan reached; that, too, was-among the impossibles: They had arrived within a couple of miles of the Cedars, when a negro stopped them. In the dis tance they heard a hound trailing. - , "Boss, kin air one er you gentlemen gi' me a match? I los' my light back, yonder, and hit's too putty 'er night ter go back without a 'pos sum." Evan drew rein. . He was a born sports man and sympathetic. "I reckon so," he said; "and-well, P'can't," ho concluded/ having tried all pockets. "Mr. MOIN gan, have you a match?" Edward liad one, and ono only. . He drew all the little articles of his pocket into his hands to find'it. ' . "Now, hold,".said ithe General; "let's light our cigars, if it's ,to be the last chance."- , The negro touched the blazing match to splinters of light wood, as the southern pitch pine is called whtra dry, and instantly he stood in a circle of light, his features revealed in every detail. Bdwe I gazed into it curiously. AVhere had he seen that face? It came back like the lines of some un pleasant dream-the thick.lips, tho flat nose, tins retreating forehead, full eyes, and heavy eyelids, 'and over all a look of infinite stupidity. '. The negro had fixed his eyes a moment upon the ar ticles in Edward's, hand, and stepped back quickly. But lie recovered himself, and with clumsy 'thanks, holding up his-.flaming torch, went away, leaving only the uncertain shadows dancing across the road. At hohle, General Evan threw aside all re serve. He drew their chairs up' into the shel tered corner of the porch. "I have some matters to talk over," he said, "and our time is short. Yours is not a bailnble case, and we must have a speedy trial. The law winks at your freedom to-night; lt will not du to compromise our friends in the courthouse by un necessary delay. Edward, where was I wh<üf. you discovered the body of the woman, Rita RI or« gan?" Edward looked through the darkness at his friend, who was gazing straight ahead. . "You were standing by Gerald's bed, looking up on him." . "How did you discover her? It never occurred to me .to ask; were you not in the room also?" "I certainly was. She broke the glass by pres sing against lt, as I thought at the time, but now I see she was struck. T rushed out and picked her up, and you came when I called." v "Exactly. And you. both talked loudly but. there?" . ' . . , "Why do you ask?" ' ' '.,/- - . "Because," said Evan, slowly, "therein lies tho defect in our defence. I cannot swear you wera in the room, upon my own knowledge. I had bien astounded by the likeness of Gerald to those who had bein dear to rae-I was absorbed. Then Ï heard you cry out, and found you in the yard." There was a long pause. Edward's heart began, to beat with sledge-hammer violence. v "Then," he said, with a strange voice, "as the case would be presented,' I was found with tho body of the woman; she had been murdered, and I was the only one who had a motive. Ts that it?" . - ' - ^ "That is it." The young man arose and walk ed the porch in silence. "But "that is not all," said General Evan. "If lt were, I would have .cabled you to go. east from Paris: There is more. Is lhere anyone on earth who would be interested in your disgrace or death?" .. _ "None that I know of-that is, well, no, none that I know of. You remember Royson, we fought that out. He cannot cherish enmity against a man who fought him in an open field." "Perhaps you are mistaken?" "From what do you speak ?" "You had been in Paris but a few days, when one night as I sat here your friend Barksdale great man that Barksdale; a trifle heady and con fident, but true as steel-Barksdale came flying on his sorrel up the avenue and landed here. " 'General,' said he, 'I have discovered the moat damnable plot that a man ever faced. All, this scandal about Morgan is not newspaper sensation, as you suppose, it is the first step in a great tragedy.' And then he went on to tell me that Gerald had invaded his room and showed him pictures of an open grave, the face of a dead wo man, and also the face of the man who opened that grave, drawn with every detail perfect. Ger ald declared that he witnessed the disinterment, and drew the scene from memory-" "Hold a minute," said Edward; he was now on, his feet, his hand-uplifted to begin a statement; "and then-and then--" "Tho object of that disinterment was to inflict tho false wound, and charge you with murder." "And the man who did it-who made .that wound-was the man who "begged a match from us on the road. I will swear it, if art is-true. £ have seen the picture." 'Evan paused a rnoment to take in the vital fact. Then there rung out from him a half-shout "Thank God! Thank God!" The chairs that stood between Jiira and the door were simply hurl ed out of the way. His stentorian voice called for his factotum, "John!" and John did not walt to dress, but came. "Get my horse and a mule saddled, and bring that puppy Carlo. Quick, John, quick!" Juba fled toward the stable. "Edward, we win if wo get that negro-we win!" he exclaimed, coning back through 'thé wreck of his furniture. i "But why should the negro "have dlsinterredj \ue body, and have made a wound upon her head? There can be no motive." "Heavens, man, no motive! Do you know that you have come between two men and Mary Mr al loy?" "I, no, indeed! I have never suspected it, even." .. "Two have sought^her with all the , energy of manhood," said Evan. "Two men as different aa the east from the west. , Royson. hates you,-and, .will leave no stone unturned to effect your ruin; Barksdale loves her, and will leave no stone un turoid to protect her happiness! There you have it tai. Only one man in the world can have put that - black , devil up to his infamous /deed-ami that man is Royson. Only one . man in, the world could have grasped the situation, and have : .r.iA the riddle correctly-and that man is Barksdal ;." Edward was dazed; Gradually the depth au« villainy, of the conspiracy grew clear. - "But to prove it-" "Tho negro." v "Will ho testify?" . "Will he? If I get my hands on him, younp man, he will testify! Or, he will hang by 'the neck from a limb as his 'possum hangs by tho tail." "You propose to capture him?'" "I am going to capture him." He disappeared in'the house/ and when he came out he had on his army belt, with swqrd and pistol. The mount? were at the door, and, for the first time in h ir life; Edward was astride^ mule. To his surprise, the animal bounded along after the grey hovno with a smooth and even gait, and kept up without; difficulty; ,, ' " ' (To be continued.) CADBURYS COCOA. . A' stimulating and sustaining cup-made lnstant(y" -Advt. .. ABSOLUTELY PURE, THEREFORE THE BEST-* Colemane .and Sons' World-famed Eucalypte TLxii act. ForCoughs, Colds/Influenza, etc., *it is unsurpaifrc-a. Awarded medals at Sydney, Adélaïde, Melbourne, ana Chicago,-Advt. , - ;.. TO" OVERCOME WEAKNESS.-Pepper's Quinina and Iron Tonio, gives new . life, appetite, nee uti, Btrength, and tnergy. lt cures Indigestion, Nervous Debility, and Neuralgia. Half-crown Bottles evojy where. insist on having Pepper's.-Advt* 