METHODIST UNION: A DECISIVE VOTE TO THE EDITOR. Sir-As the approaching conferences are expected to deal decisively with Methodist union, it is well to consider the result of the appeal to the Methodist people on the subject New South Wales. The Primitive Methodist and Free Methodist Churches of this colony being ripe for union, the referendum was only applied in the Wesleyan Methodist Church. The franchise was extended to all bona-fide adherents of that Church I above 21 years of age. The following is the result 3-6) Adherents : 23,183 voting papers were issued ; 10,017 adherents voted for union, 3387 against 9075 were -neutral (2) Trustees : 298 meetings were held, 150 for, 105 against 34 ties ; trustees present 1474 for 846 ; against 581 ; neutral, 14. (S) Quarterly meetings : 114 meetings held, 78 for, 29 against, 7 ties ; 1004 officers present, 632 for, 355 against, 47 neutral. (4) District synods : 8 for 2 ; against 5 ; equally divided, 1 ; ministers and circuit stewards present 212 ; 30 for, 125 against 1 neutral. Victoria and Tasmania. The question was laid before the members and Church Courts of the four sections in the two colonies, with the following result 3-6) Members : Total number, 24,900 for 10,995 ; against, 3030 ; informal, 108 ; . neutral, 4767. (2) Trustees : 771 meetings held ; 626 for, 127 against, 18 ties ; trustees present 3101 for 2357 ; against 663 ; neutral, SI. (3 Quarterly meetings : 228 meetings held ; 203 for, 16 against 7 ties ; officers present, 2500 for 1955 ; against 464 ; neutral, 87. (4) Wesleyan District Synods : 12 for 9 ; against, 3 ; ministers and circuit stewards present 288 for 161 ; against 112, neutral, 13. The Tasmanian vote, taken separately, is less favourable than that of the two colonies combined. Observe (1) the aggregate Tasmanian members' quarterly meeting and District Synod votes show substantial majorities for union and further, in two out of three districts in Tasmania the trustees have, toy large majorities, given a favourable Vote. The one exception is the Launceston district, where a majority of 24 trustee meetings and HO trustees cast their votes against union. (2) The largest proportion of votes against union in Tasmania comes from Wesleyan trustees, who seem to fear that union will " inflict hardship and even injustice on the trustees of any church property which may have to be closed." But the minor Methodists have only 22 trusts properties in the island, and 17 of these are Primitive Methodist properties. The value of these 17 properties was recently returned at nearly £12,000, and the debts at less than £3000. Since then the debts have been further reduced. Surely such trusts will not be a trouble after union. (3) The less favourable vote in Tasmania makes the vote in Victoria, where nearly nine-tenths of the Methodist people in the two colonies reside, appear all the more favourable. South and Western Australia. The members and church courts of the three sections of the two colonies considered the matter in due course, with the following result 6-1) Members : Total number, 16,447 for union, 10,181 ; against, 2900 ; neutral, 3366. (2) Trustees: 428 meetings; for, 343; against, 68 ; ties, 12 ; trustees present,' 2011 for 1943 against, 421 ; neutral, 47\. (3) Quarterly meetings : 121 meetings held ; 167 for against 11 ties 2; officers present, 1341 for 1934; against, 260; neutral, 47. (4) The District Synods were not requested to consider the question ; but one of them did so, and adopted a favourable resolution by a majority of 9. The " Register," in its review of 1896, after mentioning the leading events In Episcopal Churches, said " The most important achieve- ment in other Churches has been the animation toy large majorities in a referendum of the principle of Methodist union." Queensland. The Wesleyan and Primitive Methodist Churches submitted the question to their members and church courts, and the voting was as follows 3-6) Members : Total number, 408 for union, 3050 ; against, 510 ; informal, 20 ; neutral, 496. (2) Quarterly Meetings : Officers present, 543 for 395 ; against, 97 ; neutral, 51. Note-All the Wesleyan Church there was "no separate trustee vote. As trustees, if members of society, are members of quarterly meetings, it was deemed undesirable to duplicate the voting, but trustees non-members voted separately, and the votes were combined with those of quarterly meetings. The Primitive Methodists have no trustee votes, as their properties are held by the corpora- tion which acts for the Church throughout the province. (3) The only District Synod which dealt with the subject adopted, by 34 to 9, a resolution in favour of speedy union. The " Federal Council has no hesitation in recommending the two Conferences to resolve on union, and suggests a fraternal meeting of both to decide upon a date and, if possible, to arrange for the first United Conference in 1898. There will be considerable shortage of men among the Primitives, and this will give urgency to the movement" There was a lack of ministers when union was effected in New Zealand last year. In this colony and in Queensland may be found openings for surplus men elsewhere. Summary. (1) Members' vote : Total number of members in five colonies, 45,435 for union, 30,235 ; against, 6446 ; informal, 128 ; neutral, 8029. Notes) In most cases only members over 21 years old are reckoned ; (b) no members in New South Wales are counted, because the referendum was not used in the Primitive Methodist and Free Methodist Churches, and in the Wesleyan Church it was applied to all adult adherents, including members, who did not vote separately. (2). Trustees' vote: The number of meetings in Western Australia is not given. Number in New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia, 1493 for 1928 ; against, 300 ; tics, 34. Trustees present in the five colonies named above, 0586 for 4740 ; against. 1665 ; neutral, 175\. (3) Quarterly meeting vote The number of meetings held in Queensland and Western Australia is not given. Number in the four other colonies, 463 for 388; against, 58 ; ties, 16. Our cers present in the six colonies, 5424 for 4017 ; against, 1176 ; neutral, 231. (4) Six Wesleyan District Synods did not discuss the question. Of the remaining 22 Synods, 13 voted for union, 8 against, and I was equally divided ; 562 ministers and circuit stewards present ; 296 voted for union, 232 against, and 16 were neutral. , Just exactly two-thirds the members entitled to vote in five colonies declared for union ; less than one-seventh the whole number voted against and as the neutrals can only be fairly thus regarded the members' vote for union is over four to one. Upon the same principle the vote of the Wesleyan adherents in New South Wales is upwards of three to one for union. The trustee meetings, in four colonies, are nearly four to one for union ; the trustees present in the six colonies voted for it by nearly three to one. The quarterly meetings in four colonies are in favour by over six to one. The officers present, in the six colonies, voted for it by over three to one. Nearly three fifths of the 22 District Synods which dealt with union declared in its favour, and of the members who voted there was a majority of 44 for union. Out- side of New South Wales, the majority for union was 83. But the vote of District Synods is hardly a fair test The Synods are not representative, like quarterly meetings. in a certain district 18 circuits voted for union, only 2 against, and yet the Synod adopted an adverse resolution. New South Wales appears least favourable to union, Queensland most favourable to it. But, considering that nearly half the Methodist people of Australia reside in Victoria, the large majorities in favour of union there are specially significant. Some opponents harp upon the number of neutral members. The total number in five colonies is 2629, or, including the 9075 adherents who did not vote in New South Wales, the number of neutrals in the six colonies is 17,704, out of a total of 68,618 persons entitled to vote. But it is overlooked that of the £2,010 present at the trustee and quarterly meetings, only 406 were neutral, while tout 2841 voted against And these facts are all the more striking because the trustees hold nearly £3,000,000 worth of property for Methodism, and the quarterly meetings are " the I spiritual and financial nerve centres" of their respective circuits. Comparisons. (1) The Primitive Methodist and Bible Christian Churches alone submitted the question of union to their engineers in Canada fourteen years ago. In the two Churches there were 13,489 members ; 6141 did not vote at all. Of the 7208 who voted 1075 were against union. Yet the official report stated that the majority for union was 3948. Out of 164 quarterly meetings in the Methodist Episcopal Church only 135 voted for union. Of 102 members in the three Eastern conferences 62 more than one third voted against There was only a majority of 15 for union in the Montreal Conference and about a dozen strong Wesleyan ministers opposed ft to the end. Yet union was consum- mated with the happiest results. The membership has since increased over a hundred thousand. (2) Observe a more recent case Methodist union in Germany. For years the conviction grew that the Methodist Episcopal and Wesleyan Methodist Churches should unite. But of the 2300 Wesleyan members, 500 opposed It, 532 were neutral, only 1268 voted in favour. Eight of the 27 circuits were against union. . In the District Synod only 28 ministers voted for it, 21 opposed it, and 6 were neutral. Yet the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church last May, by a rising vote, favoured the proposal. The Wesleyan Missionary Committee spent days over the question and after a long debate, the British Conference unanimously decided for the union. (3) See what proportion of electors in three great colonies vote for members of Parliament (a) New South Wales. The Upper House is a nominated body. For the Lower House, at the last four elections, and in contested constituencies, the proportion of votes cast to the number of voters on the roll was a little over 63 percent, (to) Victoria, In the last fifteen elections in contested provinces for the Legislative Council, the average of electors who voted was less than 49 per cent. The average for the Legislative Assembly, in contested districts, for the last eleven general elections, has been less than 64 percent (c) South Australia. The number on the roll for the Legislative Council, in March, 1890, was 42,774. The number that voted at the last election was 24,258-18,510 did not vote. The number on the roll at the above date for the House of Assembly was 137,524. Only 91,348 voted at the last election-i6,170 did not vote. And the proportions for both Houses were similar at the previous elections. (4) Take another illustration. "The union of the National Mutual Assurance Society in Victoria was practically effected at an extraordinary general meeting on Friday, 11th December. There were 42,411 policy-holders entitled to vote at that meeting, either personally or by proxy. At the meeting there were 5402 personal and proxy votes, out of 12,411 policy-holders, leaving 30,949 voters who gave consent to union by silence." Nearly 37,000 " members were so satisfied with the wise action of the directors that they neither attended personally nor sent a proxy vote. Their silence gave legal consent to the union, which was consummated 30th December, 1890. This union involved the joint ownership of £2,391,095." Compared with the numbers voting in the several cases mentioned, the proportion of members, trustees, and Church officers who voted on Methodist union in the late referendum was remarkable. And surely the large majori- ties for union demonstrate the fact that the Methodist people generally desire it. Conclusion. Brief extracts from recent issues of three colonial religious journals may fitly close this article. The " Method- ist," of Victoria, says :-" Like many others, we await the issue of this great movement with mingled feelings. Of one thing, however, we are certain, be the issue what it may no one of the four churches represented can ever again be what it was before. A stone has been set rolling which will effect deep and radical changes. The common sense of the general public and, above all, of those particularly interested in this matter, has clearly discovered that there is no justifiable reason in these lands for the divisions in Methodism." The " Christian Weekly and Methodist Journal," of South Australia, thus voices the Methodist heart:-" The union question has now reached an acute stage. The appeal has been made to our Church courts and our members, and the results are in our hands. Not much is being publicly said or written, but much is felt, and tens of thousands are waiting to see what this Conference will do. Now, if ever, is the time for prayer. We need to be in closest touch with the Holy Ghost" The "Southern Cross," of Victoria, observes: -" It is almost unimaginable that any- one can deny the decisiveness of the vote. If the question were one of politics, such a vote would be instantly accepted, and would express itself in law. If the Wesleyan Conference, having solemnly invited its members to vote on the subject, as in the sight of God, and having, in response to its invitation, received a vote so overwhelming, were now to ignore the vote, or to treat it as leaving the matter still unsettled, it would be an insult to the general body of its members, utterly without precedent We ought, however, to apologise for even suggesting that a great Christian Church could be guilty of such a feat of unreason and fickleness But it is worth while to show what would be the position of the Wesleyan Church if, after its own repeated pledges, and the overwhelming vote of its members, it attempted to regard itself as unpledged to union. It need not be doubted, however, that the recent vote will carry with it decisive monal authority" -I am, sir, 5s., W. F. JAMES. Port Germein, South Australia, 13th February. A Sir,-There is a good deal of food for thought in K the letter signed " Daven- port in your issue of the 19th February. He is correct in saying that no clean-cut issue has been placed before the voters on the subject of Methodist union. The organs of both Methodist bodies have been used to boom union. Very little has been written on the other side, contributors knowing that the editors of both papers were strong unionists, and would wield a mordant pen in reply in paragraphs and foot- notes. I am one with your correspondent " F. T. B., who in his horse letter deplores the tone which has been used against the minority on the subject of union. He says, " It has not been con- ciliatory, but irritating by its lack of courtesy." If we are to set up joint housekeeping, let us do it as brethren, and let the family feeling be strong. Now that the time for celebrating the marriage draws near one could wish to see instead of this " unhappy" feeling a little more white-heat enthusiasm manifested. Does the want of this mean much ? Quoting from the s Manchester Guardian," a paper recently to hand, a writer says, " Union is the best thing in the world when through study and prayer Churches gradually come to be of the same mind ; but it is the very worst thing when people say our Churches are getting small and poor, and the struggle for existence is very hard." I submit that in our desire for union there has been too much of the latter and too little of the former. The apparent indifference on the subject by so many of our people refusing to vote does not indicate that the night has passed away and we are now facing the rising sun. In New South Wales, out of about 42,000 people who had a right to vote, 10,000 voted for union, and 3000 against With the apathy that exists, are we safe in proceeding further? As your correspondent " F. T. B." says, " there cannot be any safe assumption that all Oha minor- city not by any means numerically des- picable will identify themselves with the union, even should the Conferences, by big majorities, vote for its consummation. The day after union takes place funds will be required to carry along a forge united Church (to reduce trust debts, and to equalise stipends) ; the ministers of the minor churches will be within their rights to demand a " levelling up" in stipends and should the minority and those who have refused (many of them intentionally) to vote, choose to stand aloof when the plate or subscription-list goes round, then It may be difficult to raise money. It has not been an easy matter of late years to " boom" funds in connection with church enterprises, either in the Wesleyans or Primitive Methodist Churches, where the majority were agreed as to the object It will be still more difficult where the house is a divided one. Lately some of our strong men in the-Wesleyan Ciuirch_bave_had to resist to the face those who had unsheathed their sword against a most important fund namely, the "Children's Fund. I wonder how it will be when, after noon, a strong wave of democracy sets in our warriors will then have to put on their war paint in real earnest, for it is in the minds of ' some people that some of these useful funds, which have existed for so many years with such beneficial effects, will be levelled to the ground. Majorities will rules am, sir, sec, ONE WHO REFRAINED FROM VOTING. Sir,-I have read with great interest the various letters in your columns on the above subject, especially that of " F. T. B:," where he points out the impossibility of a numerical majority forc- ing on an equally powerful minority a step strongly opposed to their judgment in a matter purely voluntary in character. This is a question in which the " quality" or relative value of votes may be fairly taken into account, as every experienced Church worker must know that the vote of some men means more than that of five others, inasmuch as in every church there are a few men who are its " backbone," always present, always ready to work and give to the utmost of their power. Can the solitary vote of such a man toe fairly counterbalanced toy that of one who, though equally a member of the Church, displays only a passive interest in its work, and can only be classed as an " occasional attendant ?" Having ' made careful inquiries, I am forced to the conclusion that the minority is greatly composed of the very men who are now the mainstay of the Churches Of both denominations. I have watched with interest the result of the recent attempt at union, the absorption of the Bible Christian Churches, and fear from reports of those concerned this step hardly warrants undue haste In the matter of further union. 1 admit the theory of " union" is so fascinating that it carries men away, but I 'hold the requirement of to-day is not so much union as unity and this needful grace must be largely developed and cultivated toy both Churches before a forced union, which can only mean disaster, is brought about by a handful of irresponsible men sitting in conference elected rather for their knowledge of local affairs than their opinions on wider subjects. The people generally are unaware of the vital interests at stake, to say nothing of financial rocks ahead (which are not the greatest danger to be feared Until the whole matter in all its bearings is put clearly before the parties concerned, who will have to work the Churches when united, no such step is warranted as that proposed to be taken by the Federal Council on the strength of recent voting. To my mind much more importance is to be attached to the votes of quarterly meetings than to those of members generally, and my advice to ardent unionists is, "Look well before you take the leap." -I am, sir, c, OLD METHODIST WORKER, I 