%hz Suqdag Sebool. INTERNATIONAL LESSON. . SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1897 THE BOLDNESS OF PETER AND JOHN. Acts iv, 1-14. Golden Text ( Acts iv, 12). — ' There is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we may be saved.' ? Preachers Imprisoned: The Truth Unbound. ' They laid hands on them and put them in hold : howbeit many which heard the word believed.' Read verses 1-4. Jesus and the resurrection was the theme and substance of apostolic teaching. ? The Scene and the Sermon. — ' The crowds are listening in Solomon's porch. Before them stand two unlearned men, but men trained by Jesus, and filled with the Holy Ghost. Peter is speaking, John stands by him, to encourage and endorse him. Peter takes for his text the man by his side, beaming with joy and gratitude, the restored lame beggar, known to all. His preaching is based on a fact. 'Whether the people liked the sermon or not, they could not escape from the text. Peter's sermon proceeds like a deep broad river — fuH'of wisdom, full of thought, full of hope, full of sympathy ; and it flows where all ser mons should, into that boundless sea-, Jesus Christ the Messiah. Silenced and Arrested — This was the first drop of the cup of persecution to be drunk to the very dregs. The priests took charge of the temple services. The Captain of the temple was a civil officer, who had charge of the guard oi priests and Levites, who watched the temple at : night. The Sadducees denied the existence of angels and spirits. . For different reasons they were all troubled at the preaching of these apostles of Jesus Christ, They were also indignant that persons of no rank or station should presume to. teach at all. The prison was near the temple. * The word means ward, safe-keeping. And it is worth noticing on the use of it, that the Jews only employed im prisonment for this precautionary pur pose. It was not a mode of punishment with them, and where we find mention of it so used in the Scripture records, the authorities who inflicted it were not Jewish.' — Cambridge Bible. Victorious. — The word of God is not bound. ? ' Many which heard the word believed; the number of the men was about five thousand.' This does not seem to include the previous converts (St. Luke would otherwise have said of the brethren, or. disciples), nor women and children; so that there were now 8000 male adults, members of the Church. It does not state that all these persons were present on that occasion in the porch of Solomon, but that they heard the word ; doubtless from the other apostles also. The fame of such a miracle, the truth of which could be at once ascertained, would spread rapidly through the city.' — Canon Cook . Battle suggests victory. ' The truth may be oppressed, but it cannot be sup pressed, men may bind the preacher, but the word cannot be bound.' — Quesnel. Enthroned Judges Arraigned by their Prisoners. 'By the name of Jesus Christ of Naz areth, whom ye crucified, whom God TaiBed from the dead, even by Him doth this man stand here before you whole.' Read.verseB 5-12. A Distinguished Court. — Rulers and elders — the Sadduccees being in the ascendant. Annas, the high priest; Caiaphas, son in law to Annas ; . John, a famous head of the synagogue ; Alex ander, of whom nothing is known but his name ; and the kindred of the high priest. A Verdict Self-Condemned; 'When they saw the boldness .... and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men they took knowledge of them.' And then in a way most self-contradictory : (1) Acknowledged their own impo tence : ' they could say nothing against it, and (2) Tried to silence teachers so in spired ? and a work so divine: 'Speak henceforth to no man in this name.' The verdict fell to pieces by its own contradictions. Only Truth stands four-square. Falsehood, duplicity, in sincerity, are like sand castles under mined by the rising tide. 