Botes Zs ©ommenfcz. We had scarcely' got over the surprise of the Nevertire tornado, when the account of a tropical hurricane at Port Darwin came upon us. Both of these atmospheric storms were very destruc tive, but the one at Port Darwin seems to have beaten record so far as Aus tralian storms are concerned. It shews how terribly destructive the atmosphere may become when it is thrown into violent commotion, and it likewise shows how poor and feeble is human effort when confronted with the great forces of Nature. The Port Darwin storm seems to have rivalled tne famous hurricane in Samoa, when the ? Calliope steaimd out of the harbour to escape the wreckage ; and its destructive effects seem to have been even more severe.' An earthquake shock is always startling, but at Port Darwin the earthquake seems to have done little damage, whilst the cyclone which followed left a trail of ruin in its track. Ships, houses, banks and buildings of all kinds suffered ; but, worst of all, was the disastrous loss of life which it occasioned. It was maifestly one of the tropical tornadoes which mariners so much dread, and which, without warning, '. seem to form in the air, and then rush on and sweep everything before them. These disastrous hurricanes seem to empha sise the distress and suffering which of late has been the lot of many. ? n ? The Christmas numbers of some of the religious weeklies are very taking and full of capital illustrations, and amongst them that of the Methodist Recorder is very highly spoken of. Nearly a hundred large pages are filled with incidents of the early days of Methodism and manners of more recent' history. 'rThe 'Queerest Chapel in .Methodism' is interesting; 'Un explained facts,' a se;ies of ghost stories is attractive ; and ' Methodists of the Olden Time in the West of Scotland ' is amusing. The humorous element is well to the fore, but there is no lack of solidity. The photographs from which the number is illustrated, 147 in all, were specially taken for the publication, and the scenes they depict possess interest for all Methodists. This means that a great deal of money has been spent in its production, for illustrations like those which grace its pages are costly productions. But the Recorder has of late years advanced by leaps and bounds, and seems determined to hold its position. No name in the British Conference is better known or more highly esteemed than that of Charles Garrett. This venerable minister was recently inter viewed by one of the London religious weeklies, and he was asked whether he had any special work on hand just now. In reply, ' Mr. Garrett stated that he would complete his seventy-third year on the following Sunday, and at this age it was time for a man to take a little rest. But the sequel of the con versation showed how difficult it is for a person with Mr. Garrett's gifts and dedicated energy to withdraw, even at 78, from the vanguard m the social battle. He had attended the Leeds Conference on the Education question, and was most favourably impressed with everything there, except the method of raising the necessary cash. ' The Methodists,' he said, 'would have had the ni^hey on the spot.' Mr. Garrett apprehends in the policy of the clerical party an attempt to strangle the Non conformist Conscience in the villages ; and ' you had better strangle a man,' he said, ' ' than strangle a conscience.' Speaking of Temperance work, Mr. Garrett declared for piecemeal legisla tion, beginning with a demand for shorter hours. Mr. Garrett's command ing interest, however, is the Liverpool Wesleyan Mission, with its nine chapels or halls in the slums, nine missionaries, 3,000 people in the aggregate attending the services, 2,000 children in the Sunday-schools and Bands of Hope. Yet so widely humanitarian are the social ramifications of Mr. Garrett's work that he is known in Liverpool less as a Wesleyan minister than as the catholic-hearted citizen, who loves poor people and knows hows to help them.' ~ This is high praise. O1 ' ? One of the London journals, The Guardian, has recently drawn a striking contrast between the two famous states men, Gladstone and Bismarck, and the contrast is all in favour of the former. It presents a very vivid picture of Mr. Gladstone living quietly in retirement, his manifold resources of intellect and well stored mind supplied with abun dant materials for the marvelous energy which he still manifests. Theology, philosophy, poetry, literature — all are familiar topics for his investigation and his writing. Only once has he inter vened in current politics, and the start ling effect of dethroning the leader that . he himself nominated was a singular tribute to his power ; aud yet the party was in a state of unstable equilibrium, and the leader only too glad to escape from his responsibilities. 'He has be trayed no State secrets, has worried no old antagonists, has thrown stones in the path of no responsible- statesmen.' On the other hand, Prince Bismarck at Friedrichsruhe, lives in a perpetual state of effervescence. His life of re tirement seems unendurable ; through newspapers he is 'forever flinging, fire works about which keep the general anticipation on the stretch, and now and then varies the entertainment with a veritable bomb.' The Englishman retains the respect and admiration even of his opponents ; the German exposes himself to the fiercest attacks, and is losing the regard even of old supporters. The Christian World is responsible for the following : — 'It is stated on good authority that overtures have been '.,_. made to leading Wesleyans by the Epis copal Church suggesting the wisdom and appropriateness of celebrating the sixtieth year of the Queen's reign by the return of the followers of Wesley to the . Church as by law established. These suggestions, it is perhaps needless to say, have not been favourably received, the fact being that Wesleyan Methodists were never so disposed as at the present to array themselves on the side, of militant Nonconformity.' We are sorry that it is so, but the rapid advances of Ritualism and Sacerdotalism in con nection with the Established Church in England ; have made active union and . co-operation in Christian work with the ' Nonconformist churches almost im possible. ? o ? A correspondent sends us a copy of - , an English paper containing an account , of a real live duke having attended a Methodist Chapel in his official capacity as alderman and ex-mayor of one of the towns in the Potteries, We congratu late His Grace on his good taste and his manifest sympathy with good things. But. yet more to our mind was the sermon of the mayor's chaplain, who preached on the occasion, and said some excellent things. He said, ' There was never a time in our history when so large a proportion of Christian men consecrated their time, strength, and influence to honourable and useful service as was the case m the present day. He attributed this advance to a. spirit of Christian patriotism* r and ' urged that true religion must be. the real basis of all that was good and wise and great in municipal and political affairs.' He told the mayor, the ex mayor, and the aldermen, who were officially present, that the discbarge of municipal duties involved heavy re'spon- . sibility, and those in office required to , be diligent, circumspect, and faithful. , A reminder of this kind would not be out of place in some of our colonial municipalities. 