THE GHOST OP THE SAf- ; MILL; if -1 BY AY. W. 11 docs no! matter 1o the reader tliat ;! I t\as not always a trapper; I aui one if; now, but have kept euotigh of my old 4; literary taste to enjoy a paper now and J then, and to take a great interest In f no smiles ijrinied in tnem, especially ? if tliey have appearance ol' truthful- i ltess with them; and it has occurred to f me tliat someone might like to read n. ; story about the old mountain mill, for the truth of which I am ready to vouch. k A few years ago. things having bceu steadily going haelc witli me for sonic 1 time, 1 invested what little 1 had left in a horse and trap, witli some bedding' I and such necessaries as might start mi "i fairly in tlie trapping trade. I do not ,f mean rabbit trapping; I was going ic s for- more profitable skins, and laid made some skirt ol" the Buffalo ranges my, !j intended locality, It was pleasant weather a! the cud 1 of suinnier, and 1 vastly enjoyed the 1 journey up. I reached the last bit of | civilised track, as I niiglit call it, near sundown one day, and deciding' to ; camp Ihcre, took my horse out of the ' trap and camped by the side of the J creek opposite Chit's Accommodation Mouse. AYlion 1 had fed the auimal > and made tilings snug for the night, tj went up to Carr's. J As I nearcd the long, low fenomeiit- of wood, tliat was store and shanty and ? (iv t-wiiiiuuiiiiuyiJ Jiuiiot: «iii ill uui.., JL ; stood in the middle of the road and -J looked round me at: surroundings one - does not see many times in a lifetime; i A great range of hills, running just | there almost due north and south, with? gaps and gorges breaking them up here and there, and mountain streams'? among the tangled wildness of green ! growing things, Hashing down from ; rock to rock in t lie fading sunlight that ; made the waters red and golden for ! the moment. "A land of beau'v,'' I said, aloud, as fi I joined ilie mail I took to be Gair, standing in his own doorway. "Yes,'' bo answered, "and a land of";! romance, loo, if you only knew it, but; for all tliat, the devil of a wilderness to J dwell in. Are you coining in? and, if 1 may ask -without offence, where are you shaping for so late?" . ; "I go 110 farther to-night ; I camp f bore to-night, and I don't think it likely; f that I shall go very much farther iii ! ilie morning. I'm come up with the intention of trapping." - "Mli, well, you couldn't find a. more ' likely spot, 1 take it. The hills are ; smothered with possums and native 3 bears, uot to mention tiger cats and all 1 Hie varieties of the kangaroo tribe.- That first gorge to the light: is just your J ticket, and there's a sort of track up as '< far as the old mill that would lie useful to you as you have a trap." -j "The old mill? What sort of a mill is il "A sawmill. Oil. come inside and; sit down, it you want to hear some- ; tiling about t lie old sawmill. Didn't I j tell you we had our romances? Well, j our romance is the old sawmill." The man was laughing, but uot in j au open, hearty manner, as r followed j liim and seated myself more anxious to talk about my own prospects, and tot get information than I was to hear ror mances. "Are there any dwellings al j all up the gorge or gap where the inill l is?" I asked. 'There must lie some-' one about the mill if it's working at ; all." f "Now, if you will listen to me I'll tell you the queerest story you ever heard ( in all your born days," the man said, f: quietly, "and by the time you've heard! it you'll know all you want to knowij about the dwellers in the gap. If yon j turn your eyes westwards you -will set! that "there are a good many settler j and cultivators, though many of tlifllj places where they live are hidden tijjjH lite sptir.s of the range, and the heavily; j| timbered laud here and there on tliQfjjl slopes.- That was the reason why tliBfll mill I'm going to tell you of pald.dB well, after old Peter Dolman put it PP,|| and got it into working order aboggj eighteen months - ago." -> .. "Isn't it paying now, Kgc nhvavK known in the neighborhood Bpitcli is a wide cue. as von see) as a Si'grcealile, crusty old eliap, who had Kt a good bit of money saved lip, and Kia uol satisfied without adding to it, nSugh he is nearer ciglity than Htenty, and without a soul belonging Bj'hJin hut one grown up daughter Biat lives with him. Well, he got the KVviuiil put up, engaged a young man Btio understood t lie work, aud started, Br said, about eighteen moutlis ago. B ybcre were not so many settlers Ben as there are uow, but there was B|good bit of busb building going ou, B»;that tlie mill was kept busy, there Being nolle other nearer than tlie one at Brays foot, ten miles off. Things went Ki-all right until one niglit, about six Bftmtbs ago now, young Khigsfprd, the Bhhp tiiat worked tlie saw-mill, disap- Beared, was murdered, it is said, and fld now the mill is worked liy bis host." BStuff and nonsense," I cried. Belt's worked without bauds, auyhow, Bnd I don't mean to try and explain Bach mysteries of the other world. I Believe in the spirits of murdered men Bppearlng, 1 do, and so you may think Km prejudiced, but any man about Bete will tell you the same story." Bf A don't quite understand what yon Bihnu. How is the sawmill worked Bltliout handsV" "Wlieii a man round here wants any Baugli sawing done, lie simply carts his Bibber to the mill, and leaves it there, Rfiikcd as lie wants it sawn, and when Be .goes to cart it away he leaves the Bioncy Inside tlie old hut on the win- Boiw-slll. You may be sure that is done Bn <l.i-lUht f/it. tlwirn len't n nidii ill Hi.' i VJ1 kjjvtv. aoa l ci. " He valley that would go into that hut jpftcr dark. The lilood stains are red Bet where it. is believed young Kings- Bird fell under the murderer's baud." BS'Was the body ever found?" BTNo, It wasn't, and so old Dolman's Bory that he pa eked hiiu off because Be.liad the cheek to he courting his girl Ra the sly was listened to; hut when Hie spirit of young Kingsford began to Bel talked about, and the saw-bencli be- gSan to move at night, when the sluice Bits turned on without hands, no man Believed old Dolman's tale." B-'-Pah! It's the old fellow himself jfeat's working the tiling," I said; "t jfluppo.se he gets more for the sawing by Hapouraging the ghost belief." Hj"ile gets nothing; it would he simply impossible for old Pete Dolman to step Brer his own threshold now. He was Krpck with some sort of paralysis of BC legs the very night that Herbert Kingsford disappeared. If I believe B-feplrits, I believe in judgments, too. fed I believe that old Dolman's 'stroke' was a judgment 011 him for his sin." | '01i, if judgments, as yon call them, rcre, sent on us for sin, neither you j r. 1 should have escaped," I re- | larked. I £!Neitber you or me have commuted' je sin we are talking about," he au- I ivered, sharply. "I liojie neither ol' us fee murderers. I know I'm not." I laughed a hit, seeing that (.'air was fiigry. "Well, we won't quarrel about ft/Mr Can-; you say no one would go Kt the hut after dark. "NVhat sort of flKlCL' IS 11. B"A tidy enough place, built with Ppugh sawn timber, and has a good Ijiish chimney. I've not been up my- jgplf, hut they tell me that it's just as jfe'iuig Kingsford left it." B<!I. wonder if the old chap would let Be. live in it." H 'TMve in it ? You? Pv the Lord, I Krouldu't live near the place for huu- Heds a year 1 Oh. I daresay he'd he Bay too glad. At all events, the mill Hljint a quarter of a mile from Dol- Bau's place, and if you go up the gap Bib can easily ask him." B?I -will. I will go up to see the place Blir to-morrow, and if 1 like it I will Be'Pctcr Dolman." Hi thought a good deal of Can's Bdry before I fell asleep that night, Bv&cr; the tarpaulin thrown over my Hail, for I had a little bit of super- Btion about me, although I had not Bjtdbited it to Catr. I was full of ro- HfLhee, too, as an old schoolboy, and flntja deep curiosity about the mystery B';young Kiugsford's disappearance, B 'U'ell as a hope that I might he able Bgibrow some light upon it. HA lovely drive tlie next morning into Bfe'j?ap, that was a perfect wilderness Bpa Australian nature, brought me. Bier about a mile's drive, to the old Hll that was at the end of the green Htel.y marked track that I had fol- Ryjed. Hue could not conceive a lone- By Phace. The mill itself was only a Hg-.nlied covering the rough machinery Bht.Avorkd the circular saw, aud the Bag siiw bench on which the timber l£ laid ana cur. que ariving wneei Bis worked by water, hut the sluice Bpt led the stream from a little dam Hgher up 011 the hill was dry when I Bgjtsaw it, though there were heavy Bxy drops on every hit of herbage ySiad dismounted from the trap and j \- Trjied to have a look for the where- ' Mints of the hut. It stood half hidden B&ng; tall, thick trees, whose shadow Bijieuvily on its roof, and it was about Bray, yards from the saw bench. Going pi- to the hut, I saw that the wooden Kganis fastened only on tlie outside Bhafir) and' staple, through which a Kranf-wbod was passed loosely. ' I |ijflfttpfl?tho door and entered. Bmfefich 1 m ney was wide, aud the rain BHwrlp from .'."the big trees had been u dnwn its stoiie sides and back, ijiieap . of sodden ashes that a wood fire. boards that yet retained deeply the marks of the circulur saw used in cut ting them, and in front of the Ore was a great red stain ingrained into the hoards, aud splashed in more than one spot between the principal stain and the door were red marks, fresh looking, as if they had been made but a few days before. I went to the little window of four panes, and looked through it. seeing oniy here and there between the droop ing branches and undergrowth parts of the mill bench, and the shed that sheltered it. I noticed, then, for the first time that the side of the shed nearest the hut was boarded 111 for about half its length. Then I looked down at the hit of board That, formed the window- sill Call' had spoken of.aud took up a hit of paper that lay there. The paper had evidently been wrapped round coin, and had 011 it the words in pencil, "Fifty feet for Dan Tynan." It was a lonely, miserable-looking place, that empty hut, and a dozen mur ders might have been committed in it without the world ever hearing of them, hut it only wanted light and air. A few hours' work among the trees would let the sunlight in. aud give the ghosts a chance to escape from it. That was my decision as 1 went out again, leaving the door wide open to let the air in. Going hack to the trap I heard the sound of wheels, and turning in the di rection saw coming toward the mill, with two roughly-squared logs 011 a dray, a horse driven by a man in his shirt sleeves, who didn't seem to he much impressed liy tlie dread of gliosis. fr»v lio witf lvliioiUiKT Imwlli' Tlii rn.'ltl lie was advancing by was a much bet ter track than the one I had approached liy. and seemed to have been used fre quently enough to keep down the grass on the footway. A very matter of fact customer was this new-comer; he took no notice of me whatever until he had deposited his logs in the vicinity of the saw bench, but then, as he drew the lue'se away, and the bodV of the dray fell back 011 the shafts, he put in the lynch pius and spoke to me. "'Stranger, I guess?'' lie questioned, as lie turned his sharp eves from my trap to myself. "Yes," 1 replied. "What's the game, mate?" "i intend to try trapping about here." "Yes; well, it's a better spot than a good many. Have, you heard of the Mill Ghost?" "Yes; I stopped at Can's last night." "Yes, yes; he'd tell you the stoiy of the ghost, never doubt him! But. I'm very sure lie doesn't believe a word of ; it himself." "Why should he tell it as if he did, then?" "To make himself a person of conse quence before strangers, and because be has. and always had, a down 011 old Dolman since they quarrelled a couple of years ago." "You don't believe that a ghost works the mill, then ?" "Do I look like a fool?" he asked, with ineffable contempt, as lie drew a bit of clialk from bis pocket, and, stoop ing over bis logs, scrawled on them, (.quartering. John Mills. "No, sir; I don't believe in humbugs of any sort, and Bill Carr is about as big a one as you'll find. I don't believe that Herb. Kingsford was murdered at all, nor I don't care whether he was or not, as far as that goes. One thing 1 do know, and that is that the other saw mill is ten miles off, and it pays me to give old Miser Dolman a cent, or two more for the sawing I want. Dolman was always a queer card, and if lie wants to make a ghost of himself he- fore his time it's nothing to 1110— ghosts don't want money." "But Carr said that Dolman is. para lysed?" "Maybe he is, aud maybe lie isn't. "It's all one to 111c so long as 1 get my wood sawn. If old Pete doesn't do it himself someone else does;" and with a "Gee up!" and a "So long!" .Tolm Mills drove his empty dray home again, whistling "I Care for Nobody, No Not I; and Nobody Cares for Mo," as he sat on his shaft, dangling his legs over the long grass by the roadside. Of course, the man had talked sense. I knew that very well. Still, I was an xious to find out what .old Dolman's reason for pretending that he was para lysed. as well as the truth of the report about young Kingsford having beeu murdered. However, my first business was to see to the safety of my property, aud without the least hesitation of con science I unharnessed the horse, and tethered him among the rich grass near the haunted mill, aud then I unloaded the trap and carried all mv belongings into the hut. lastemug tlie door with the padlock belonging to my " tucker box." Then I set my fac-e toward old Peter Dolman's place, to which Carr had directed me the nearest way, which was up the hill behind the saw mill, aud following pretty closely the race that was fed by a sluice from the more elevated dam. I found this out as I trod the well-niarlced path that followed the easiest; curves 011 the face of the Ilange, until it landed me 011 the hank of the little dam, which had, I thought, very unnecessarily been form ed to store the waters of a never-failing mountain stream. Once there I saw the simple mecha nism that admitted the water into tlie sluice, and thence to the race. I noticed too that the water in the dam was below its usual level, although I could from where I stood hear the leaping fall of water over the mountain, cas cades, and see In places the white spray .rising "from -the deep\ pools hidden by Range. I was observing tlie margin marks on the border of the dam, show ing the lowered level of the water, when I saw what looked like the brim of an old felt hat just showing at the clear edge of the shallow. You may he sure I was curious enough to pick it out, aud hold it up, all dripping, for a nearer inspection. It had been a brown boxer hat. and there were dark stains along one side, under a straight cut that might have been made by a bullet. Now. I had never heard the particu lars, or, rather, the supposed particu lars, of young Kingsford's murder, but if lie was really missing and this should prove to have been his hat the evidence might he valuable. I stowed the hat carefully among some long grass under a hush, and went on my way to old Dolman's. I had not much further to go. Ou a plateau that sloped gradually down to the valley beyond stood a weather- hoard and weatherbeaten house, with a good many stable or other buildings aud sbeds at the hack, where there was also a great stack of newly-cut hay. There were garden and vines in pretty good order, hut 110 more cultivation in sight than just enough to grow fodder or grain for the use of the cattle that were here and there about, the fences, not yet perhaps having scattered to pasture or water since they were milked. There was a middle-aged man feeding calves inside, aud I went straight to him, asking if I could see ,ur Dolman. The man looked at me curiously while the calves finished the milk in ine uuugii. ami luen m. Mm m-- see. Mr Dolman had npt been well during the night, and might he tell the master what my business was? "You may say it's about the old saw mill!" I replied, aud I saw in tlie man's eyes a queer anxiety that puzzled me. lie was not long gone, however, when lie came back to lead me into the house, where I saw old Fetor Dolman for the first time. The first look info his face assured me that it was not the owner who work ed ihe mill at night, for he looked more like a dead man than a living one. as far as color went. His deep sunken eyes, however, glared with a feverish looking lire, as they turned to me ques tiouiugly, and his hollow cheeks were moved in and out by the working of his almost toothless jaws. He half sat, half reclined, in an old-fashioned arm chair. that had rough home-made wheels to it. and tlie lower part of his body was hidden by wrappings of blankets and rugs. "Ay 0?" he said sharply, "aye? what's this you want about the sawmill. Like your cheek indeed calling it an old saw mill, and it built since that dog was pupped. What do you want about the mill? I wish you'd rent it. Open your mouth, man. and don't stand staring there like a donkey!" "I wilL sir," 1 replied, as I drew for ward a chair and seated myself. "I ex pressed myself badly to your man. I'm afraid, for my business is not eoneern- ing the sawmill at all, but about the luit " "What about ihe hui ?" "I want to know if you'll let me live in it?" "What!" he roared, "live in the mill hut! Don't you know it's haunted by the spirit of a murdered man. aud that his blood is in great stains ou the lloor!" "Ive beard that yarn, aud don't be lieve a word of it." Ohl Pete laughed a horrible laugh, that made me think of unholy things. "Neither do I. I'm glad to hoar a sen sible man talk at last. Of course, you can live in it and welcome, and if you can find out who is playing the ghost down there to annoy and drive me mad I'll make you a present of a five pound note. To think." he went, 011, in an excitement of rage fearful to witness, ' to think that I'm here helpless, a man that six months ago was the strongest within twenty miles ; to think that 1 must sit here helpless! Oh, if I had only my legs! My hands are strong enough yet to tear the villains that are mocking me to pieces, hut I can't stand! "Why was such a curse put upon me ? I. that six months ago could toss a man over my shoulder dead or alive, aye, and did ill"1 "Oil. father, you will be ill, indeed you will! Calm yourself ; you know what tlie doctor said." "Curse the doctor, and you too! It was your undutiftil conduct thai brought me to this. Get out of my sight, and let me talk to the man." The girl, a sweet- faced woman of 27, or so. turned to the door with gre.at pain and sadness in her gentle eyes, and seeing how ill the old man really looked I rose to go. "I'm going to trap for skins in the Gap," 1 said; "and if I have your per mission I will camp in the hut for a lime at least. But you are not very well this morning, Mr Dolman, and I will come up to see you again about, the matter." "Stop!" he whispered, after a glance round the room to see that we -were alone, "stop!" and he held out a visibly shaking hand to emphasise what lie was saying. "If you see anything of a real spirit down by the mill you will come and tell me, won't you?" "1 will; I promise you faithfully." "They say the sluice is opened, and the mill worked without hands every niglit; but it's a lie, isn't it?" "I'm quite sure it is. The thing is quite impossible." 'Thank Heaven for that! Y'es, it is quite impossible. Oh, I'm going to get- .well very, soon, and then I'll go down Tne cowards to torment an old man so. But I'm strong yet, and I'll be even with them." "I went out with a feeling of lienor over me, for from the' wretched old man's manner I had drawn the eon- elusion that lie had really murdered the poor young lover of his daughter, and that his conscience was arousing from a hardened sleep. Standing outside the door into the van! was the girl Margaret Dolman. She was holding lier apron to her eyes, sobbing, aud near her was the man who had been feeding the calves. It was the latter who addressed me. "She is in great trouble nlwmt the Father," he said; "he's very bad, isn't lie?" "I am afraid he is. If 1 had known the state he was in I shouldn't have come. I'm afraid I've excited him." "Is it true that you want to live in the mill lmt?" "Quite true; he has given me permis- siou." "And you're net afraid?" 'Now. "my good fellow, don't think me quite a fool. I do not believe in ghosts." "Well, I can swear to it that, the saw works at night, for I've seen and heard it. myself," he returned, doggedly. "Yes, I know it dues: and it cuts tim ber, too. There's a couple of logs down thcte now wailing to he sawn, and the man that's coming for the quartering to morrow will pay for the work, and doesn't believe in ghosts that can saw logs into planks 110 moiv than I do." "Who is the man?" "The name on the logs is Mills." Margaret had dropped her apron by .... . 1 _ T ! 1 1 f Mir. 11»at Tllll(\ JUKI JIS 1 AYLUIJ logs. I intercepted a quick glance of fear exchanged between the two, but then in the silence the girl turned such a pleading, pitiful look of her eyes upon ine that. I put out my hand impul sively and caught hers. "I can see you hat e a secret about the sawmill," I said; "but count 011 me as 011 your side. I am an honest man. and no bet ravel-." "I am sure that you are to be trusted, and it is nothing wrong."' "I am sure ot that, too." Aud so I went away down the hill again, certain that the secret of the mill was 110 secret, at least to Margaret Dolman, and that I should learn all about it in due course. I was very busy in the gup all that day. I set my traps in various spots 011 ihe range, and. while my supper was cooking, arranged my belongings in the hut entirely to my satisfaction, for it looked a snug little place when I took off my cookery, and sat down to eat a comfortable meal. When I had finished and cleared away I putt: a log 011 the lire, for, of course, the hut was damp, so long with out a tire, and under the shadow of those great iroes. It was getting dusk when 1 looked out of the door before lying down, .lohu Mills' logs were ly ing at the saw bench just as he had left them. When I laid myself down 011 the com fortable bed I had arranged on poor young Kingsford's trunk, I had no in tention of sleeping, for 1 was determin- ed to watch that .sawmill, and catch the ghost at work: but. the unwonted fa tigue. the mountain air, and the good , supper combined 10 do their work, and I was sound a sleep before I laid time to think. I had not slept so sound for years. 1 am sure ol' that, liecau.se the mill 1:111st have been going for a good bit. before I awoke. 1 started up a bit puzxled at first as to tuy whoroabou.s and the strange noise that was rushing and grinding outside, and then I re membered till— the ghost was at work! The log was aglow in red embers only, and 1 was cautious to show no light. A lantern was among rny things. I lit the hit of candle in it, and carrying it in my hand closed, was going out when ail at once the roaring rush of water ceased, and the wheel stopped— was 1 too late? It appeared .so; when I went cautious ly round ibe trees and undergrowth un til I could have touched the saw bench, there was not a sound under or around the mill shed. I stood still for a few moments and listened intently — nothing rewarded my patience. Then I opened the lantern and saw what had been John Mills' logs lying a neat pile of quartering awaiting removal. I was as far from the secret ol the saw milll as ever! At least I thought so, and when I went back to the hut 1 felt veiw angry with myself for having so easily let sleep overtake 1110. All I had to do now. however, was to exercise my pa tience until another load of logs should Happen to be delivered at the mill, and take care they should not he sawn while I slept. 1 entered the hut and closed the door behind me, and then I saw lietween me and the fire the figure of a man stand ing still. Now. a man may he as great tin unbeliever as his knowledge of how little he knows will permit him to be, and yet he excused if he felt the queer shock I did at that moment. Could it he ihe spirit of the dead man that stood so silently there on his own blood marks? The reply came as 1 flashed the light in his face, "Don't, be afraid; I am a living man, and not a dead' one." It. was a good looking young fellow who had spoken, and he had fair hair curling under a dark cap. He w;ls rather low of stature, and slight. I saw that in a tussle with him I would have a fair enough chance, and, besides, I liad -'i small revolver in my pocket. 'tOne would think you liad read rny as I set dojvn the light. "I was wondering if you were the Mill Ghost after all." "I am and I am not. I ant going to tell you all about it." "Well, sit down, and do it at your ease." He did so, keeping his face to me aud looking at mo as lie asked if I guessed who he was. ' "No. not. ex actly; but. I am snre you are the niau who works the sawmill." "Willi help, yes I do; hut I am a man you have heard of a good deal lately. I am Herbert Kingsford.'' "You were not murdered, then, after all?" "I was and I wasn't. I am going to tell you all the story. You were up :u Dolmau's this morning, and got leave to live in tlie hut?" "Your hut?" "No, Dolman's liut; but the one 1 used to live in. Of course, your being here was greatly against the seeresy 1 have been practising alxtut, the mill; hut Margaret— that is, .Dolman's daughter — urged me to tell you all and trust you. Margaret is a good judge, aud she says you have a good face." I laughed a little at the idea of a young woman living so l'ar out of the world being a good judge of faces: yet I had often heard of a good woman's instinctive knowledge. "Margaret does me honor, and she is. your sweetheart, is she nut?" "Thank God, yes; but she is more— shu is my wife." "You surprise me; but go 011." "You have heard how much Dolman, was against my hopes of Margaret— lie was like a madman when he found our. He ordered me off, and when he found ui;u .viargaiei liueuiun 10 (>v (i ue to me lie eame down here after dark and mur dered me." "Oh, come, come!" I sad, laughing "draw it mild." "Well, he did his best, anyway, as yort will hear. He came in here when I was sitting before litis chimney and fired a bullet, from a revolver at me — there is the mark, see." Kingsford took off his cap and turned bis head. There was a deep scar along the side, making a bare track in the thick fair hair. "You were wearing a brown boxe» hat?" I asked. "Yes, I was: why?" "I found it yesterday at the edge ol the (lam above." "Yes? Well, I'll go 011. The lmlle did not pierce my skull, as the old man no doubt believed it did: but it stunned me, and I fell. I knew 110 inure until I found myself in the mill dam and strug gling for my life." "Good heavens'." "Yes. you know now how determined the old wretch was when he would not even give me a. chance. But 1 suppose, believing 1110 dead, he was only secur ing himself by hiding my body. You may guess what strength and dct.ennin- ation lie liad when he threw nic over his shoulder like a sack and carried me up that rise; lmt it has come hack to him now. Ohl Fetor Dolman's strength to do evil is gone for ever." "Yes, indeed; finish your story." "I guess it was tlie shock of t he walet- that brought back my senses to find that 1 was drow ning: hut he had t brow n tlie in where my struggles brought me- to the surface, where tin old guilt lianas one young branch into the water. 1 caught it. and managed to crawl out." "What did yon do then?" "Lay there until Margaret brought Dan down to look for me. She had seen her father steal down, and was afraid. They took me back to the hut here, and that very night Dolman had the stroke that made liim helpless, so it. was easy to nurse me until I was able to work the mill again as a ghost." "Why did you never let Dolman know, that you were not dead?" "Topunish him!" the young ehapsaid, vehemently. "A man cannot, he mur dered with cold blooded villainy with out. feeling hitler against, the wretch that did it. At least 1 couldn't. Only, for the sake of Margaret. 1 should have made his days end in a prison cell for bis vile deed. As soon as I goi well enough I insisted ou Margaret becoming my wife. Wiiat claim has such as Feter Dolman 011 a daughter's obedi ence? Dan helps me to work the mill, and I live tip at the house without fear of Dolman knowing, since lie is so help less." "What was his reason for being so set against your courting the girl?" "I believe it was nothing hut pure sel fishness. He has made a slave or Mar garet ever since her mother's dentil years ago, and lie couldn't hear the idea of her escape. Since his partial paraly- sis, 1 nave got to lie a hit sorry lor hnn uow and then, and if he would only, show tlie least symptom of repentance for what he did 1 would let. him know that he is not a "murderer; lmt Dolman has 110 conscience— the devil has har dened his heart." "You must not judge. For your own sake, I would, il' 1 were in your place, tell him the truth. In my eyes, he looks very had, aud most likely another stroke will carry him off." "If he would only show some repent ance for what he tli<l." "We are not told to wait for our ene mies' repentance to forgive them; per haps the repentance may follow the knowledge that his sin is not the great est of all, murder. I have read of men who believed that murder was the tut- forgiven sin mentioned in Boriptme." "I promised Margaret that I would take your advice," he replied, "and I1 will come up iu tlie morning— for Dol man is iu bed by this time—ytomtt up and break it to Itliit : but I x-luuse ybu to !r7l and get one word of repent ance out of liiin." .X will do my best" -Mid sec, I bave been thinking about tint liat vou found; take it up with you ln'd say 1 t0,d yoU t0 show U t0 him" Ppiiians that will fetch a confession of sorrow. If it does, I will" forgive him." i wcut up to Dolman's about the same hour that it had been on my visit of the dav befoi-e, and I earned in my hand, rove red with a paper, the torn and stain- rd hal Old Dolman was In his oliair on tlu' sunny verandah, looking much the same as I bad before seen bim; but the old man's expression was changed. IXe was haggard and anxious looking, without" the spiteful, iierce look be hud before exhibited. "Ila! you did come, then? I'm glad. IXive you any news for me? Sit down there and tel'l me. I'm not right at all this morning, my band Is numb-like, so I came into the sun. Did you find out who's making a fool of me, pretending that it was a ghost that was running the mill V"' "I did." I answered, seriously. "I found out the— truth. There Is no doubt that the young man ICingsford Is run ning the mill at. nights. "It is a lie! He couldn't— he couldn't!"' "Why".'" "Because he's dead!" and into the hoi- . low eyes again flashed a strange fire. 'Didn't they tell you lie was dead, mur dered".'" "But he may not be dead for all that." "I wish to God he "wasn't. I wish I was as sure of a hope of Heaven as that Bert ICingsford is dead!"' - I gazed at the man, whoso trembling Lauds were for a moment outstretched as if in appeal to the dead, and won dered if the sorrow for Ills deed that his victim had waited for was there at last.. "And you say you saw him.. You couldn't— you couldn't I tell you he is dead." "I saw him," I said calmly, "as cer tainly as I now see you; aud what Is more, he sent a message to you. "A message! to me!" The old man was now greatly agitated, though jiut- iing the strongest self-repression over his words, his eyes all the while fixed awfully oil mine, "Where did you see him".'" "In the hut A young man stood there before the hearth last night when I went in after dark. lie told me not to lie afraid, that lie was Herbert Kingston!, who had been foully shot there on his own hearthstone, and lie told me that I was to tell you that you would he forgiven if your re- pcntaiieo was sincere." "Oh. my God; my God! it Is, it Is! I have lived an hourly death ever since that God-nbindoned night! Bivt you fire a si ranger, and you are mocking me! It is a lie! Would you make fun of an old man. who is sitting helpless oil the borders of death tills moment.!"' "I am not mocking you. I have told you the simple truth. If you do not hcliove mo. look at this. Kingsford told me to show it to you." I had unfolded the hat and held the thing out before him, torn and muddy and hlood stained. He stared at it in one moment of horror, and then he ut tered a cry that I shall never lose the memory of. "Oh. may God in Ills mercy forgive nie! 1 was mad when I did it; mad wiih pride and obstinacy and rebellion against Thee! Oh Lord, for Christ's sake, forgive the poor sinner!" and Dol man fell hack insensible. Yi In n lie recovered, Herlwit ICings ford was supporting him, and Margaret by his side, holding and chafing his minis. \\\e had feared It might have been another attack of paralysis, but it was only a faint, from which a sip or luo of wine ga ve him back some little strength, and lie looked info ICingsford's Ltce with a gasp of horror. h is till right, father. I am not dead. I got out of the dam and re- '"lered. Don't be afraid — I am real "'-I'll ami hlood: feel my hands. It can b'iii hard. All is forgiven!" I dou t undons1and," murmured Dol man. weakly. "You are alive, aud you 'dk'd mo father." \\(hi are: for Margaret is my wife, iccr up. lor all will lie well now." \- lid it is to be hoped that all was (1 with Dolman when, a few iiuuUs later, he was found dead dini !''h having apparently 'i'1" ".' in ins sleep, lidii'vo he was truly repentant for , M", and had looked iu the right I forgiveness of it. s'iii living in the mill but, a con- uited aud healthy man. There is a f,'- ' " f I1owi"s "ow where the big ir,w rSl<1 to l£<HT-the sun from the lie t ,'lly humble homo, and there is m, 10f.iu tbe neighborhood, for 1 1 , v "l111 18 Ul £u!1 v'ovk every day. ford ?, T in addition to Kings- 1 wo 'r o ? "v";t faced Margaret, for in He lm oues ef'en come to m7,hoUtnd,me' 1' to «et a lide goods sold MBI KV lmi'nessed 1o g for Wend Cut nf d Ur superstitious looked rrr- . roadside store, who nliTi y (isaPPointpd when he i r i ? wn there was no a 8 of The Sawmill. 