A Decey Duck. A strange story is told by a well-known cycling tourist, whose personal character is sufficient guarantee for its veracity. It appears that whilst he was riding one day through a small hamlet," * duct flultered ' up from beneath his wheel, to fall apparently dead, by the roadside. Its indignant owner, i-usning out from a wayolde cottage, stopped the cyclißt, and gave him bo peace until he Pad paid the estimated Value of the duck's life. The cyclist, having settled the affair to, the satisfaction of the bereaved duck fancier, rode on his way, giving no further thought to the matter, till, some time after again having occasion to pass the same spot, he wae surprised when the accident again occurred in precisely the same man ner, the second victim of his carelessness bearing a strange family likeness to the duck that he had previously killed. Again the owner rushed forth and mulcted him in damage*. His suspicions being aroused by. this coincidence—almost as strange as that experienced by the elder Mr. Weller on the occasion of his conveying votors to the poll and upsetting them into the river he stealthily concealed himself behind an adjacent hedge,, which commanded a view of the ecene of slaughter. Presently he saw what might have been the ghost of hi* • victim stroll casually across the road. At the came time he heard the warning tinkle of a cyclist's bell sounded in the distance. Tfris was shortly afterwards followed by the appearance of an unsuspecting rider. Be- ; neath his wheel the duck fluttered for a y moment, and then lay stiff and stark by the side of. the road. As the irate owner again rushed forth to claim damage*, his intention was at once baulked by the lurk ing tourist, who, stepping forth from his hiding-place and picking up the yet warm body of the duck, puffed a volume of to bacco smoke into its nostrils, a restorative treatment that was immediately followed by an indignant and very lively atruggle on the part of the ingenious bird. Inquiries subsequently made In the neighbourhood re vealed the fact that the duck itself had been the originator of the trick, which the owner observing, and enhancing the effect by « little training, had been made the means of an extensive system of roadside piracy and blackmailing. In fact, as far as the raconteur of this interesting anecdote is aware, the duck Is still pursuing its ne farious avocation to this day.—" The Oom pleU Cyclist." -■-.-... ' 