NOTES AND NOTIONS. ? — *ir ? — ? - [By 'TAnTAMN.'] Sir Joseph Abbott has very wisely decided not to stand for tba vaoency on the univer sity senate, caused by the death of Sir Wm. Windeycr, in opponition to Mr. Justice A. H. Simpson- The discretion e£ Mr, Speaker iB notable ; he would net have a ghost of a chance of election. One of ths reasons why the Department oi Mines ana Agriculture can't attend to its business of Keeping codlin moths out of the country and giving practical lossona in butter making is tbat it is just now engaged in booming a certain private mining publica tion. The happy printers of this handbook have baen given tho free use of the post office, of the depart mental stationery of Mr. Smith. Seeing the liberal interpretation which that gentle man puts upon his re3ponsibllities to the taxpayer, it is extremely fortunate that the Bathurst air Iub never, so far, inspired him to commit spring poetry. Otherwise the department might be now touting for sales for ' Odes to a Calf,' by Svdney Smith (the Sydney Smith who is not a wit). ' OutiB,' cf the D.T., manages to tho roughly misunderstand the recent, decision of the Newtown Police Court with regard t« bioylo traffic. According to him, ''by a recent decision in the Newtown Police Court Solise the whole footpath, and compel pe estriaas, including women and children, to either snake along the gutters or take their chance amongst tho -vehicles in the middle ef the street.' And then there is a wild ap oeal to the people to rise and do something. ?' Before the people surrender the time henored privilege of using their own streets, they ought to be Bure that this crowning flight of assininity has been actually reached and not take the magistrate's bare word for it.' The necessity of the situation is to refuse to take ' Outis' ' bare word that things are as he declares them to be. The New town decision stated that bicycles could not be considered as car riages and their traffic regulated under bye-laws dealing with carriages. But there is nothing to prevent municipalities passing special bye-laws to deal wfth cycles. So the poor pedestrian is still safe. In a criminal case which will shortly come before the courts Mr. Levien M.P will raise the point that a person's dying disposition eannot be taken on a Sunday because legally Snnday is a dies mm (in plain English is not a legal day). The matter being sab judiccit is sot meet to venture and opinion now on this interesting point. But if it be true that an act performed on Sunday cannot come under the cognisance of the law beeause Sunday is legally not a day at all, the fact will be oBvieusly a great con venicace to the criminal clasees. It will be only sufficient to secure immunity from punishment for robberies and murders that they shonid be committed on the Lord's day. Under sueh circumstances no man need want the means to make a dishonest living. Colonel Olcott, one of the leading lights of that exceedingly luminous faith Theoso phy, ii the bearer of bad tidings to the medical profession and the undertaker. According to the Ocenlt Colonel, the days of blue pills and chalk mixture and coffins and similar pleasantries are over. The art of healing has been revolutionised, and the art of dying lost. Sut let the Colonel him self speak : ' Ton have simply to possess the wish to heal and a surplus of vitality, and then, if you happen to meet a patient whose nervous system beats synchronously with yours, the thing is done. The secret of homeopathy simply amounts to this, that the infinitesimal doses of medicine admin istered act upon the astral body first, and through it upon . the physical frame.' Neither does there appear to be much my stery about the Mattei ' cure.'Y Col, Ol cott has found out that the so-Called red, yellow, and green electricities which this specialist prescribes are merely different samples of water operated upon by strong rays of red, yellow, or green light, and if you can find out for whioh color yon. have the strongest affinity you have the secret. Te avoid death is dead easy. You have simply to make np yoar mind that you are going to hang oat beyond the average allotted span. The exercise of the will power operates per medium of the astral molecules, on the physical organisation, and you don't die when other people expect you to. . Further it is rather a simple thing to dodge pain, so simple that in future the amatoar carpenter, who bangs his thumb with a hammer under the idea that he is going to hit the steel nail, and .not a thumb nail, need not fly* to arnioa 'If,' says Mr. Oceult Olcot, ' you put your fingor over the candle flame and will, that it shall not pain you, you won't feel the slightest discomfort from the heat. The only thing that stands in the way of my entire acceptance of the Colonel's notipnf is that he refuses to practically illustrate them. He will not hold his finger in a small flame1 and I am open to wager any amount that if ha did there would bo the usual odor like that of a cat who has been mistakenly half baked in n,n oven, and that the Colonel would withdraw the finger mighty iquick. It is also open to remark that Mme. Blavatsky, the chief prophetess of Olcot's notions, didn't live to be even 100 and was notable to get rid of some nasty in ternal disease from which he suffered. Perhaps, then, it will be as well for the man with a pain in his intorior to use the same old prescription yet a bit until the Colonel has developed his art of healing to the practical point. There is just new in Sydney a Fijian Chief, Batu Kadava Levu, who hat the re pute of being a good cricketor and a.possible Antipodean Ranjiteinghi, 