CHURCH INTELLIGENCE.' EASTER SCHOOL FOR MINISTERS. On Thursday week was brought to a close ia highly successful and unique series of minis terial gatherings termed the 'Easter icho;l for ministers.' This school, which was at tended by nearly all the Baptist ministers in South Australia, was held in connection with the South Australian Baptist Ministers' Union. Three sessions each day were held on three successive days, when subjects of a literary, critical, theological, a id practical nature were discussed. The inaugural adcr.iss was ffiven by the Kev. C. Bright (president of the South Australian Baptist Union} on 'Jesus Clirist, tho answer of God to the instincts and hopes of humanity.' In eloquent terms the speaker claimed that preat gain bad accrued to the Christian Church through the work of the 'Higher critics,' especially in the fact that every book of the. Kew Testament vrae proved to have beea written in the first century. He admitted that the celebrated analogy of Bishop Butler, written to meet the deism of la»t century, did not meet the objections urged to-day. The disciples of Jesus Christ rested upon Kis own words and found that Jesus is God's answer to man's hopes and aspirations. One afternoon was devoted to 'James Itussel Lowell, America's Krent bumoriBt poet.' Readings and recitals by members of the school supplemented an exceed ingly able paper by the Rev. J. H. Sexton oa tlie subject. Three thoughtful ex positions on ' Isaiah : his times aud his teach ing,' by the Rev. J. S. Raws, were of great educational value. A synopsis of Dr. Fair bairn's great book, 'Christ in Modern Theology,' bv tho Rev. J. Paynier, j was a contribution of a high order, j Other subjects dealt with were :—' Christian j esehatology,' by the Kev. W. Bell, SI. A.; 'Ramsay's Church in the Rowan Empire,' by the Rev. G. Bright; 'Pastoral visitation,' by tho Rev. E. J. Henderson; 'The Holy Spirit,' by the ltov. R. McCuilagh ; and i 'Comparative religion,' papers on the latter ; bein,} contributed by the Rev. D. Davis, 'Buddhism;' the Rev. C. Smith. 'Brah- miriism ;' the Rev. 1-\ J. Steward, 'Zoroas trianism ;' and the Rev. A. Mettera, 'Moliam- lnedanisin.' The summing up on ' Compara tive religion'1 by the Rev. C. Bright was the chief feature of tho school. In an address last ing over u.n an hour and a half Mr. Bright went to the root principles of the graatathnicsystoms, chieny those of Brahmimsm and Buddnism, showing the relation of these principles to all human attempts to explain the facts of the universe aud of human life. Tho various forins of faith may change, but 'the religious spirit must remain. The summing up was concluded in an eloquent peroration ou the incomparable person and character of Jesus Christ. His principles are essential to the building up of a perfect character among men, and are abso lutely necessary for any true life. Aparifrom His principles society cannot bo held, tegether. Should there ever come a time when society would not need righteousness, purity, justice, love then it -would not need Jesus Christ. He is the real need of humanity, and that was the roason -why Jesus died and why He lives to effect liis purpose. A largely attended communion service, at which the Rev. E. H. Ellis presided and delivered an appropriate address, brought to a conclusion the first Easter school. The sessions of the first rlay were held at the resi dence of Mr. J. 'Viner Smith, at Fullarton, and those of the second day at the residence of Mr. J. R. Fowles, Sunnyside, Glon Osmond, and the concluding ones in the youug men's room at Flinders-street Baptist Church. It is intended to at once maice pre parations for a course of study for next Easter school. The greatest satisfaction wa3 ex pressed at the success of the school just held. A missionary convention in connection with the North Adelaide Baptist Christian En deavor Society was held in tho National Park during Easter. The sludents of the Belnir Training Homes were present by invitation. The Rev. John Southey, who lately returned from China, was the only speaker before luncheon. The subject of his address was 'The first Christian Endeavor.' The after noon meeting was presided over by Mr. T. E. PoweiL JLbe first speaker was Mr. E. J. Farrept, who especially addressed the young men in the audience. He dwelt upon the fact that South Australia is behind her sister colonies with regard to the number of candidates in training for the foreign field. Mips Sedgwick spoke on the 'One thing needful.' Mr. G-. Allan, of New Zealand, brought before the audieuce the claims of South America. The republics had thrown open their doors, and now wea the time for the Christian Church to send its missionaries thither. Pastor A. J. Clarke and the Rev. John Southey also spoke,' the latter giving experiences in the Chinese mission field. The Rev. W. L. Morton was the last speaker. Two solos were sung—' In the secret of His presence,' by Miss L. Morton, and ' Holy Ghost, with light divine,' by Miss Chaplin. Messrs. Fullarton and Allan ako sang a duet 'Abundantly able to Eave.' Our Burra correspondent reports under date of April 23: — Last evening at the Roman Catholic schoolroom. & large gathering assembled to bid farewell to the Rev. W. O'Dowling, S. J., who is leaving for Norwood. He has been stationed at the Burra for 13 years, and has earned the respect not only of hia own church, but of the public generally. When he came the priests resided at Manoora and attended here on Sundays and at the other services. As this congregation was a large one Mr. O'Dowling decided that it would be belter served by a resident priest. As soon as possible he had this arrangement carried out, and was the architect of a com modious residence adjoining the ohurch, the funds for which he hud raised prior to its erection. He has been unremitting in his attention to patients at the Burra Hospital. Sir. D. J. O'Leary, in making a presenta tion of a purse of sovereigns and a Gladstone bag to Mr. O'Dowling, spoko feelingly of tho appreciation the church attendants had for their paBtor, of their regret at his departure. Testimony was also given to the good financ ing advice and assistance he had given to the Hiberniau Benefit Society. Mr. O'Dowling returned thanks for the gilts, and gave a brief sketch of his labors at the Burra, and atsured them that had it not been for the ready aid be had received from the members of his flock little could have been accomplished. The vicar- general (the Rev. Father Norton), of Petorsburg, bore testimony to the esteem in which Father O'Dowling was hnld. by bis brother clergymen and the liarmonv with which they hud always worked. The Rev. T. Lee, from Marabel, attended. Tho children of ot. Joseph's school and members of the choir also spoke their farewell. The ladies of the church had provided dinuer, and the pro ceedings were varied by music. Tho Rev. Father Diete), of Norwood, succeeds Father O'Dowling. If the number of people daily entering tho city of London -were to be dispatched from any given station by train together, 1,977 trains, each conveying 600 peraonB, would be required for the purpose. Moreover, if all those trains were arranged in A straight line, they would cover 221 milts oE railway. 