Mission at St. Joseph's Church, East Maitland. (From a corre^onienl.) The miBBion to be conducted by the Eedemptorist Fathers, and which is to extend over a fortnight, commenced nfc St. Joseph's Church, East Maitlsnd, yesterday at the ten o'clock mass, in the presence of a fairly large congregation. The mission is in tended for the whole parish. The morning and evening devotiouB are for men and women. Each day at twelve o'clock the children's mission will be held.. The missionary Fathers are the Eev. Father O'Brian and tbe Eev. Father Sherman. After tho con o'clock mass the usual missionary psalm was chanted, after which father O'Brien took for his text—' Behold now is the acceptable time; behold now is the day of Balvation.' 2 Cor. vi, 2, ? : ?'.?'.'' '??' '? ' ' ' Father O'Brien after dwelling for a few rainuteB upon tho opportune time of the mission which was the holy season of Lent, explained in clear and tell ing language the graces of a mission. It was in tended for pinners ; for those who through the adverse forces whioh are always present and al ways active hare forgotten the law of the Most High and have proved false to their holy religion. Tho mission brings graces to those whom he classed under the head of 'tepid' who though they moy not be notorious sinners yet have fallen away from tbeie former fervour and have neglected to discharge their religious obligations. The rev. Father specially referred to the cold and indifferent member's of the ohuroh, and said there might reasonably' be entertained greater hope' for others who through human frailty in the past had fallen into grievous sins than for those .members who scarcely everperform their EaBter duty, scarooly ever aro seen at mass upon Sunday. Those area disgrace to the name Catholic, and are disgaBting in tbe sight of God. ' Because thou arb (saith the Word of God) lukewarm and neither cold nor hot; I will begin to vomit thee out of my mouth.' ApocBlypBO iii, 16. The mission is a time of extra ordinary graoes, and consequently gives an oppor tunity to sinners to be reconciled with their offendod Creator. Father O'Brien, as. the repre sentative of the Divine Master, appealed to ; the congregation to embrace this priviledged time, and if they have sinned to do penance. Some might remain away through despair. They might through erroneous private opinions lose the grace of the mission, bat never forgot that no matter bow great their sins wore, if they Would but oome, |humble thems6lveB and kneel down in the tribunal of penance they would go odmforfced. They, though weak and unworthy, were appointod to discharge those duties which Christ when on earth dis oharged, and they would exercise that power which has been exercised by the Apostles and by their successors for the last eighteen hundred yeara. Eeceive ye the Holy Ghost, ' Whoso sins ye shall, forgive, they are forgiven thorn; and whose sins ye shall retain, they are retained.' — Goapel of St. John, xr., 20 and 23. God wills, said tho miBaioner, sinoe he has given you this mission, that vice from JJthis ^parish be eradioatod, and that among you every Chrisbian virbuo may flourish; thai these vices will be rele^ gated to the pagan and 'infidel, and their place will be supplied by tho virfcnes taught and praotisod by our Lord and SaviourJJesua Christ. If, then, there is uny prodigal aon among you that h»a wandered away from ,his Heavenly Father, and has forgotten the innooenoe of his ohildhood, and has Bullied the purity ofhia boyhood,i~now, for him, Barely, iu^the acceptable time ; thoaa areStheJdaya of salvation. These are the daya when, though forjBomp|yoars~he may have fyeen anrray, and a stranger to tiia Father's Houbo. Though he has oauaed his Mother, the Church, parohod by tho host of nineteen hundred enmmera, much anxiety and deep sorrow, but, like the natural mother whose lore for her child no ingrabltude on his part can dosbroy, sho watches oufc, with a tear in her eye, from tho hill top, like Anna of old,. to boo will ho return; and if ho doas, liis absenba only gives her an bcoasion for great rejoicing. If thore ia a Magdalene, let thqm oome to tho foot of tho oroas, and weep for their wioked folly; and their sins will be blottod out. If thoro aro any in this pariah who havo concealed any sin, now is thebimo: if they uasboub bhoaerpent that ia gnawlDg thoir oonaoienooa, they shall be at peace, for tho Almighby is willing to forgeb andfor givo. If thore is among you ono who bos jrosolved to keep aloof from tho sacraments during tho coming weeks: lot him romembor that' he rejoota God's meroy, and that in the near future ha mtiaf abknA beforo the bur of divine justice to answer for hie conduct; and einoo ho now rejeobs his moroy, what can remain for him but juatios P And whab ia tho oommand of the holy gospel, whioh oar blessed Lord gavo bo his miasionaries thab they aro to caatoff on leaving that plaoe .where Its inhabitants will not, hoar them— tho dust' froni their foob— and fehafc on th o day of '.judg W6n fr.lf will bo' mbrd- 'tblef a'blo ' for! tho cities 6t Sodora and Gomorrah than' for suoh. Almighty Crod,'ia theporsbn of hie imissioilarlo8Bfcnhds now upon ahigh mountain, and ho oalls all bh'o faith ful of this parish, the just as well aa'the unjust, ; bho sinnor as well ds fchQ'adiufc.'atia1 the Balnfcaa well a bho einnor. Many of' you may 'nbvor' hav9''bho opportunity of attonding 'anobhor miasion. If you would roflood a libtlo' upon' tho tfrao whioh has blapsod airioo tho taut mission wda hold in the pariah/ could you not; find some one who has panned away, and perhaps you oould, for all wo know/bring for ward an oJcaraplo to illunbrafco bhia truth P Whabia thu moaning of aalvabion bub to oaonpo punishraont and obtain tho reward— -whioh is houvan. Many that aro now in a bright and happy homo may owe thoir happinosa to thoir. oorrbspondonao with tho graoos of a miaaioh j and many who are among the darnnod may be thoro beoauao thoy rofuaod to obey the ' volco which oalled them to ronounoo Bin and do . pananao. Lob no ono Bay Jk J1I»VU UU U1U1U UW IIUUUI1U VUU IlllHdiUU. Tho miBsion boing a timo of extraordinary graoo oonaoquuntly moro than ordinary oo-oporatlon on tho part of bho people of this parish ia nooosanry, The miaaion ia a epuoial sign of God'a lovo. Eejbioo nnd blmnlc Godfor thl« signal favour; thoroforo lot all, young and old, uinrrlod and singlo, thoao thab iiro'in tbo habit of loading virtuous llvos, and tlioao who aro not endeavouring to bo proaont both morn ing and ovoning. Sinful habits must bo brokpn from tills day— tbo ooinp'ariy, the pladoa, tho booupfi tionn, tho araunomonta whioh load you from Godi' nnd I would exhort you to pray for yoursalvea, for your frloiids, tliut1 this minaion may bring thorn many bloaalnga. ' Involco tho intoroosalon of tho Bleiaod Virgin, bho Mothor of God, tho powor of whoao intordosalon is that of a motlior with a son, bhab ahti may not only obtain tho graoe of being ronowod in your old faith, bub thnt you laoolvo oaalstanao bo hold by tliooo roaolutloua you will umko during tho niinflion. Tho Molbottrnu Cloiiriug- hoitao rohirnn for fcho woed ondud (ho lilt inatant itmountod to X3,87D,01S, showing nn inoruano of -C272,(IU0 nu compared with tho. aoirp.Bpnnding wook of lutit yonr, Tho botnl nlonrnnooB ainaa tho lob Jnnimry woro JC2B,G!)(i,G72, showing an incrpaiio of -59GU,850 as oompanod with. Lho aorr.ospon.dlnK period of limb yonr. 