CYCLING NOTES. [From Various Soueces.] ' I see by the advertisements they was givin1 out at bysickle show that somo of them fellers wot make sykles says they have plants hat — ' ' Why you don't mean to say, Bill, that they've got to growing 'em, do vou.' If oar slavey rode e cycle, She would make a record neat ; For, to judge her by her cooking, Slie^ a scorcher bard to beat. Concisely put. A healthy body makeB a healthy mind. Cycling not only improvos the wind and muscles but teaches participants the value of pluck and self-denial. What is more important than all, it gives stamina and grit to the future eons and daughters of the land. It costs more than twice a6 much to ship bicycles from Chicago to Mel bourne via San Francisco than by the roundabout routo through New York and London. ' I went to get some gloves to-day Dolly, and the wretched woman told me cycling was increasing the size of people's hands terribly.' ' Well, dear, I must fay white gloves, though they look 60 nice make your hands look larger. I don't think they get really larger, do you ? The woman who served you was iealous. She hadn't a bicycle herself.' When out cycling with a friend I in the South of Ireland one day, Mr. ; Kenny, a well-known journalist, ! took a wrong turning and found himself suddenly on a very steep hill, with no break on his machine. 44 Take caie,' said his friend, 'that's not the road to Cork.' '? No,' said the inveterate joker, 'it's the way to kill Kenny.' Just read this : — ' On a recent Saturday night, the Maryland bi cycle Club, (Baltimore, U.S.), gave an oyster-roast in the head of Chesa peake bay. Hugh bonfires were started under plates of sheet iron, on which barrels of oysters were dumped. When tbe metal got hot, the oysters opened their mouths and gave up the ghost, being steamed in their own liquid, which makes a mess to the liking of the trained Maryland palate. The wheelmen gathered to the number of 500, aud had a free and easy, which was hard on tbe oysters.' A man has inventod a speed indi cator for cyclists, which resembles a cyclometer, and fits on the axle end in the same way. It consists of a bell with a lever attachment inside and a fly wheel extending outside which strikes the wheel of the ma chine. The faster one rides the faster the fly-wheel revolves, and when a speed of 12 miles an hour is reached the bell rings. In some cities vhore the regulations call for a continuous i ringing of the bell, the device cau be adjusted to do this. It will re gister as high as twenty miles an hour. Tho Queen of Italy, the Queen of Bavaria and the Duke of Cambridge were a short time ago strongly op posed to cycling. Now they have I become enthusiasts in the pastime. I Lord Wolsely is also a convert to the wheel and Lord Du&raven;, the noted yachtsman, ridei a bamboo cycle. A cable in the daily press I this week repeats the old etory that I Mr. Gladstone has taken up wheel ing in his old age. The story of the G.O.M,'e conversion might be told under the title, 44 From axe to wheel.' 