r vJECBOGS. c j, - ".uwa- ' A; " i Cil riOl (BvSwaro.)" K What canons experiences nj»n j men in these col niL ! - JTcreii 0neJnldriD«l>F ft resident of UanjiltGO With whom I» on Sitor d«v. was exchsotioc reminisceaces. Said he, «poat enriow «Pf«spf' cr bad v&s; i\>af£Gblaod when it SMffStpP" Aatr"' & cotton will tticrtw Uicjf adrertUed for » good canvasser, one who. .Mdev «o«netbi®H cotton ftnd Its toaou facuire, togoabuuc lectaringftod to forth.. I cent in si) application in which yon msy bet yoor bottom dollar X vaant«d my ability with go onoeclain B .and. In the moaaluoe 1 read' op all I could ab mt cutton and to my enrpriee and gratiticationgoithe billcuFirrt, however, L b&d; to go before the provisional directors who knew jofat as mocb abonfccot-,' too'ws iLad.done before X Wgan to read up, and, ol course, X was able to talk Over their bead. Will, sir, tbvy engaged me to go ronwd the country— salary, £10 a week end ex's. £otbiDg daunted, I sped on my mie- eior, and ah, 4 the world went well with roe in those days.' I sold shares 4 Lkc one o'clock '« aod got quite noted as an expert lecturer." . Didn't I get bowled out ? ' yoo ask, we! yes, I nearly did once. lathe course of m j- tour ! vu billed to UiJBre at - — , well never ujiod the mroe, it wfts a small ton about IS sriles from Ipswich. Tccre I stayed at a 4 pub.', «sd was greatly alarmed when overfisariog a' -coover- axtioo that wax going . on in the bar The ohief talker was an old Lancashire cotton spinner. I am sorry I can't give yon vwhat bs said in bis peculiar dialect, but here was the effect of it — Louk here, matox, j this 'ere bloke kno«sasinuch tbnt cytton epinnicg as the leg of that 'ere table. 1 11 round him np to-n ght ; yoe come and see if I dac't.' Pa- ting on my best cost ot (df-M«arooe, I- walked into tbe bar and found fivenf theniftndnoftog my inteiming catecbiser. 'How do, mates I greeted them; 'wiUyc j in me in a iiooir oai bet tlitv readily agreed to op o» andxhen s my noble Lanc&vbire; man cpeoed fire. 'Ln-k ere, mte, I ineau yon no harm, but I give yoa wr»»pi< g, i wnewn ? atk vou some quettaocs tonight.' Vuiooa of ' roiilee/ skntlle, and spiopiorjennies, , and the ghost of old Arkwrigfct, passed before my eyes, but as I had read all aboat i them I j luogt'i by saying— "Gx ahead: mate now, I ra ready.' Wcold yon beiiere ! it, that bepgar was already primed for the j occasion. Pulling out e::re c:tun warp or i wtbf or whatever yen call it, he said — I ' How tnany s-racce are there ? I koew ; no more than Adarr, bet coolly bluffed him bv replvrap — 'Poch T oli man, ask me tome- tb:n more diScclt/ He aii — 'Well then mate can yen tell me tow many feet of that 'ere will go to tte lb?1 Of coarse I c»nfs I replied, Why man «dv fellow having the : slightest kncw!eice of eolten coold ttli yon ih-.r. k«p yenr qarstiocs for to- nih:. c Id fsir.w, "sai !e'e hare another firiLk, fiU "era cr, boss.1 Thy were diled ur ara, io due t.rce, tv wte the men." ',4St2: 1 felt casaty. l .«w I had ft . sbre»d bard Jit ad? d customer to d«d with, S3 T Tfel- th-in ancT rcscaged la End ont who tie be-tl man l-- get tw act as chairman. K<-"m.-J.tLded t'j a stvwart farmer who had cr.y. indcicce. 1. after a great deal otpces- g'-r him to consent. Whereopo® I tela him I expected to be interrupted by the Lccifchire man, itliicg him the mace name, at the same tia.e soyicg that the fil- low, who did not kcow what he was talking about, had expressed his inteotion of kickioe cp a row. I tell yoo, I wa glad to see ray chairman e eyes gluten at this. In dne c?ore I wert with i ira to the ball, h hav ing previoaslv srranced to Isavesotne friends there with instrncti ' ns to sit round and wboot tte IMurbsr. This i« how I was iotro- dec- z by my w bi'ke bar come to tell us eome-ct about cot- toe/ Scarcely had I commenced when mv Laccaetrisn friend, meddled with my own liqc.T. bgac to interrupt. 'Lock here,' I taiJ, arey;u C'-icg to l-c:are or am I? Ait- r I've cone yen can go on or ask me any na'sricDs yoo likty but he persevered— jast what 1 uant'.d him to do, _as I fanked Ih roan't li;e vat rxtiDg. The res nit was 1 Kit scarcely able to g- 1 a word in edge tea u cntil ire chairman called upon bis mate, to ' chuck that 'ere fellow bat.' A free fight Coined, birt eventually tire dis- tnrbere of my peace of mind were ejected, sod I think I may safely say it was the tn -st soccetfol of ail my hctores. Did 1 get to know all about coitoo, yon &-ri . Well I did gtl to know a fittie, but I had an- Lhei funny experience. A grower showed ir.e what I took lo be I be seeding top what 1 thought of that, and I just pot my foot— which U by ae tneapS' a email one— in it by 'replying, f5jaoda1ous thst there ihoold be thousands of acres overgrown with that ateff.' Luckily he thought 1 was joking, as be replied, And yet yon go about advocating its cultivation It was simply a cotton seed, pure cotton. So yon see,' he added in conclusion, ' I am a sort of Johnny All Sorts.' " When in search of amCahig literature it is not tbe riiirfrj Sent Aafc- Timet that many would take np, bat I have been amused on reading a leading article in its issne of Aogmt 21et. This trenchantly deals with Mr. Jmftice Hodgeafor estreating tbe £100 recognisance of a witness who bad allowed hie dinner to interfere with punctuality, end the respect every -jman should have for the court, but -ie gldd this order was subse quently rescinded. It bolds, however, that as " punctuality is the politeness of kings and tbe essence of business," that the law of punctuality should be rigidly obierved by all, from tbe judges downwards, and after recording that a p.-lice magistrate once fined himself a goinea for b:ing late, goes on to say, " He was quite right. He conld not very wtll fine (or scold) enitors and witnetses- for dilatoriness, when he bad sinned himself, and, acting on that great maxim — strangely omitted lrcm Brown's excellent book, ' What's since for the goose is sauce for the gander' — he set an example which other magistrates might well follow. For instance, it is the custom of most judges to announce that they will it at half-past ten o'clock. The wisdom of this arraugemenl is donblful. To expect a judge who sits till four o'clock, and some times till half-past fonr in the afternoon, to resume at 10.30 a.m. on the following day, avonrs to oar radical nostril, and in tins country of Victoria, somewhat of ' sweating.' It is tine the ignorant layman may say that the judge is free on Saturday and Sunday, has six weeks' holiday at Christmas, a week at Eeetcr, and afortnjght in Jjily. But the very'fecirtbat such vacations exist may be tikenaagtfc-jAalb they- »te aeeessartf Well, ah thfsbeing so, what should happen if a judge comes in say, at 5 minutes to ll instead of 10.30 a.m. -tWhy ni-fc fine himself ' a guinea for tile 'first offence, two guineas forjvrepptitioorwnd eutdingwwnmea jeach titooSDD tbaShtodfenedfcfftoderjF He keeps shealsif witeetoes; lawyers,- aud the smaller fry of legal men waiting ; he wastes their time, tries their temper, and — adjournments being ofitimes the resnit— swells jm<(Jie bill of coets.-: " ". r AlPmen are theordticsfly equal before.-tho law ; let ns try- -to ag: pnwimate the eqoalilj- in fact." r' 't-'!1- ... Even teachers should be careful bow tiiey ask3qqesiious," knd a dare "in point oanie withinotlie texpenetfce of Inspector Death Happening to go roitod amongst a class one day be ttetieed that a young urchin -had been trying bis hand at portraiture, the said por trait rp«uubling jw.q gooseberries snrmonnt- mg ri vbuple Ctftebdriicker matches, the uppei&iSlime; rffirted' with three dots , to denote ijfe WdWrtb/ -Ah!" said he, "that is very nice, very nice indeed, and who . is jVJny-little -boy ?'? Without -a moment's hesitation he got his apswer, " It's you sir, isnt it like yon f Not being able to truthfully nay it was, Mr. Dpan walked away, fully resolved not to beteo cations in futmri: " 4 noiit'DSr- 'ir ' i .'ns- 7? Mr. Treloar, of Fosterville, will not be anxious to again cross swords with Mr. Max Hirsch, although he may fancy he has got the whip hand of him. After Mr, Hirsch had addressed a meeting there, Mr. T. H. Treloar asked if he was a Victorian or Ger- man citizen, and showed an inclination to dispute the fact that Mr. Hirsch is now Victorian. Seeing this the candidate re- plied, "He was a Victorian citizen, though he had been born in Germany. He did not under- estimate the distinction of bring a Victorian citizen, and he claimed that he enjoyed the distinction in a marked degree, for while he had become one voluntarily, the gentleman asking the question had had no choice. (Roars of laughter.)" Where how- eever i think Mr. Treloar scored was when he offered to bet £5 to £1 that Mr. Hirsch would not get in, and the bet being accepted, the money was duly staked. Will not this clash with clause 143 of the Electoral Act, which reads — "Any person who shall make a wager, bet or other risk of any nature what soever upon the result of any election for members of the Council or Assembly, shall forfeit and pay a penalty not exceeding £20 ; and every such wager or bet or other risk shall be and is hereby declared an illegal Act.". Of course both parties to the contract could be punished under this clause, but in the case of the candidate bet- ting I shall not be surprised to hear that it will endanger his seat if elected. 