Kate Wilton; OB, A Fortune's Penalties. \ By GEORGE MANVILLE FENN. Author of "Black Blood," "The White Virgin," "The Electric Spark." "The King of the Castle," The Tiger Lily." etc. o CHAPTER XXVIII— (Continued). Once more she was quite alone, think ing that she had been a whole week in the solemn old house, and a few mi nutes later the housekeeper entered to clear away the breakfast things. "Is there anything I can do for you, ma'am?" said the woman, sadly, when she had finished her task, Kate noticing the while that there was an occasional whisper outside the door, as the various articles were handed out. " No, I think not, this morning, Sarah," said Kate, with a smile which proved infectious, for the woman stood staring at her for a few moments as if in wonder, and then her own coun tenance relaxed stiff! y, as J£ she had not smiled for years, till her face looked ucaii vucenui. "You are handsome, ma'am," she said; " I haven't seen you like that before since you've been here." "Why does not Becky come in and help you to clear away?" said Kate, to change the conversation, and Sarah Plant's face grew stern and withered again, as she shook her head. "She's such a sight, ma'am, with that handkercher round her head," "I should not mind that; I have not fairly seen her since I came." "No, ma'am, and you won't if she can help it. You mayn't mind, but she do. She always hides herself when any body's about. Poor girl, she's been in trouble almost ever since she was hern. There's sure to be something in this life. Not as I complains of master. It was just the same with old master, and when he died it made Becky ever so much worse. You see, ma'am, old master's wife was ill for a long time, and that made the house dull and quiet; and then she died, and old master was never the same again. He spent scores o' thousands o' pounds on furniture, and books, and china, and did everything lie could to make the place nice, but hie never held up his head again. And then somehow his money went wrong, and new master used to come to help him out of his troubles; but it was no use; old master never had the blinds pulled up again, and that made Becky and me different to most folk, for it used to he like being shut up in a cup board, and we never hardly went out. Becky ain't been out of the house for years, and years, and years." "We must make the house more cheer ful now, Sarah." The woman looked at her in astonish ment, and then shook her head. "Well, ma'am, I will say that it has seemed different since you came; but no —it's beautifully furnished, and I never see a better kitchen in my life — but make it cheerful ? No, ma'am, it ain't to be done." "We shall see," said Kate, smiling, and the woman's face relaxed once more as she gazed at the fair intellectual countenance before her, as if it were some beautiful object which gave her real pleasure; but, as Kate's smile died away, her own features looked cloudy, and she shook her head. "No, ma'am; it's my belief as this was meant to be a dull house before the big trouble came. Me and Becky used to say to one another.it was just as if the sun had gone out, but we never ex pected what came at last, or 1 believe we should have run away." The moment before, Kate had been thinking of dismissing the housekeeper to her work, but this hint at something which had happened enchained her at tention, and the woman went on. "You see, "old master kept on getting from bad to worse, spite of Mr Gar- stang's coming and seeing to his affairs, and one day" the doctor says to me: 'It's of lio use.Mrs Plant; I oan do nothing for a man who shuts himself up and sets all the laws of nature a!t defiance.' Those were his very words, ma'am; I recol lected them because I never quite knew what they meant; but the doctor evidently thought master had done something wrong, though I don't think he ever did, for he was such a good man. Then come that morning, ma'am. I may as well tell you now. Becky used to sleep with me then, same as she does now, hut that was before she had face-ache and fits. I remember It as well as can be. It was just at day light in autumn time, when the men brings round the ropes of onions, and I nudged her, and I says, 'Time to get up, Becky,' and she yawned and got up and went down, for she always dressed quicker than I could. And there I was, dressing, and thinking that master had told me that Mr Garstang was com ing ait ten o'clock, and I was to send him into the library at once, and breakfast was to he ready there. "I'd just put on my cap, m'a'am, and was going down, when I heard the hor- ridest shriek as ever was, and sank down in a chair trembling, for I felt as sure that burglars were in the house, and they were murdering my poor Becky. I was that frightened I got up and totter ed to the door and locked and bolted ft, for I said they shouldn't murder me. But oh, dear; what I did suffer! 'Pretty sort of a mother you are,' I says to myself, 'taking care of yourself, and letting poor Becky be cut to pieces p'raps to hide their crime.' "That went to my heart like a knife, ma'am, and I unfastened the door again, and went out and listened, but all was still as still. You know how quiet it can be in this house, ma'am, don't you?" Kate nodded. " So I stood trembling theTe at the very top of the house, for we used to sleep up there then, before Becky took to wanting to be downstairs, where she wasn't so likely to be seen; and though I listened and I listened, there wasn't a sound, and I give it to myself again. 'Why,' I says, 'a cat would scratch if you tried to take away its kitten to drown it'— as well I know, ma'am, for I've tried — "and you stand there doing nothing about your own poor girl.' That roused me, ma'am.and I went down with the staircase all gloomy with the light coming only from the sooty skylight in the roof; and there were the china cup- hoards and the statues in the dark cor ners all seeming to look down at some thing on the first floor. I was ready to drop a dozen times over, but I felt that I must go, even if I died for it ; and down I went, step by step, peeping be fore me, and ready to shriek for help directly I saw what it was. "But there was nothing that I could see, and I stopped on the first floor, look ing over the banisters and trying to make out whether the hall door was open; but no, I couldn't see anything, and I went along sideways, looking down still, till I saw -that the dining- room door was open, and it seemed to me that the shrieking must have come from there. I was just opposite the door lead ing into the two little lib'rles— you know, ma'am, where the big curtain is — and I was taking another step sidewise, mean ing to look a little more over and then go and call up master, who didn't seem to have heard, when I caught my foot on something, and cried out and fell. And then I found it was poor Becky, who had just crawled out of the door way on her bands and knees. "For just a minute I couldn't say a word, bu't when I asked her what was the matter she only knelt there, clinging to my gownd, and staring up at me with a face that was horrible to behold. " 'What is it — what is it?' I kept on saying, but she couldn't speak, only kneel there, staring ait me til) I took her by the shoulders and shook her well. ' Why don't you speak?' I says. 'What is it?' "She only said 'Oh'— a regular groan it was, and she turned her head slowly round to look back at the little lib'ry pas sage, and then she turned back and hid her face in my petticoats. " 'Tell me what it is, Becky,' I says, more gently, for it didn't seem that any harm was coming to us, but she couldn't speak, only point behind her toward the little lib'ry door, and this made me shiver, for I knew there must be some thing dreadful there. At last, though, for fear she should think I was a cow ard, I tried to get away from her, but she clung to me that tight that 1 couldn't get my gownd clear for ever so long. But at last I did, and I went into the little lobby through the door; but there was nothing there, and the lib'ry door was shuit close; and I was coming back when I felt Becky seize me by the arm and point again, and then I saw what I hadn't seen before: there was footmarks on the carpet fresh made, and I saw that Becky must have made 'em when she had gone to the lib'ry door; and there was tihe reason for it, just seen by the light which came from the little skylight — there it was, stealing slowly under the bottom of the mat." CHAPTER XXIX. Kate Wilton looked at the woman in horror. "Yes, ma'am," Sarah continued, "there it was, and when 1 opened the door I could only get it a little way, for something was just inside, and as I Stood there trembling, there caime out a nasty wet smell of gunpowder, just as if water had been upset on the hob. "I didn't want any telling, ma'am; I knew, and poor Becky knew, that master had shot himself with something and was lying there. "I waited for just about a minute, ma'am, for my senses seemed to be quite gone, and I was as bad as poor Becky; but I got to be a little sensible soon, and began to feel that I must do something. I- called to Becky to come and help me, but it was of no use; she was just as if she was stunned, and could only stare at me, shivering all the while. So I felt that I must do what there was to do myself, and I went back to the door and pushed and pushed till I could just squeeze myself through the narrow slitl I made; and then I dursen't look round, but stood with my back to it for ever so long before I could feel that he might be alive, and that I ought to go for the doctor. ' "I looked round then, feeling as I turned that I should be obliged - to shriek -out, but X didn't, J Poor master, he was lying on his side, with his hand under his head, -just quiet and calm, as if he had only gone to sleep. It made me wonder what I had been frightened at, and I went down on one knee and took the hand which was by his side, touch ing a pistol." "Yes?" said Kate, breathlessly, for the woman paused. "Yes, ma'am, it was quite cold. He must have shot himself early in the night, and I knew it was no good to go to fetch a doctor then. Leastwise I think that's what I felt, for i didn't go, but crept out very softly and shut the door; and then I took hold of poor Becky's arm and led her down to the kitchen, where she went off into a dead faint, and come to, and fainted over again— fit after lit, so that I was busy for hours, and didn't know how time went, till all at once there was a double knock at the door, which I knew was Mr Garstang come. "I went up and let him in, and he looked at me so strange. " 'What is it?' he said, 'your master?' " 'Yes sir,' I says, 'and I was to show you in as soon as you came.' "He nodded, and went up at once, nei ther of us saying another word. Then he went in through the door gently, and cams out' again, looking horribly shocked. " 'When did you find him?' he says; and I torn mm. Poor teuowr ne says, 'I am not surprised. Sarah Plant, you must go and tell the police;' and I did, and there was an inquest, and at last the .poor old master was to be buried, with only Mr Garstang to follow him, for he had no relations or friends. "I sat in my hit of noo black, pid Becky" just" opposite me, waiting while they'd gone to the cemetery, for no one asked me to go, and I sat there looking at Becky, who began crying as she heard them carrying the coffin downstairs and never stopped all that time. And I thought to myself, 'We two will have to go out into the world and nobody won't take us with poor Becky like that; and my heart was so full, miss — ma'am, that I began to cry top; but I'm afraid it was for myself, not for poor master. Last of all, the carriage came back, and I let Mr Garstang in, looking terrible cut up. " 'Bring me a little tea, Sarah,' he says, and I went and got it, and had a cup too, wanting it as I did badly, and by-and-by he rung for me to fetch the tray. "I got to the door with it, when he calls me back." " 'Sarah,' he says, your poor master has no relations left, and by the papers I hold, everything comes to me.' " " 'Yes, sir; so I s'posed,' I says to liim, 'and you want me and Becky to go at once.' "He looaed at me with that nice soft smile of his, and he says, 'Why should you think that? No,' he says, 'I want everything to stay just as it is: I won't have a thing moved, and I should be very glad if you and Becky would stay and keep the house for me.1 "I couldn't answer him, ma'am, for I was crying bitterly; but I knew him, what a good man he was, and that me and Becky had found a friend. Seven years ago, ma'am, and never an unkind word from him when he came, which wasn't often. He only told me not to gossip about the place, and I said I wouldn't, and never did till I talked to you, ma'am, and as for poor Becky, she never speaks to no one. Perhaps, ma'am, you'd like to come upstairs, and see the marks." "See the marks?" stammered Kate. "Yes, ma'am," where old master lay. "You've never been in the little lib'ry, but if you like I'll show you now. There's only a little rug to move, and there it is, quite plain." "No, no, I do not wish to see," said Kate, shuddering. "So there has been a .terrible tragedy here?" "Yes, ma'am, and that's what makes the place so dull and still. I often fan cy I can see poor old master gliding about the staircase and passages; but it's all fancy, of course." "All fancy, of course," said Kate, softly. "But it is very terrible for such a thing to have happened here." " Yes, ma'am; that's what I often think; and there's been times when I'm low-spirited; and you know there are. times when . one does get like that. Becky's enough to make anyone dumpy, at the best of times, 'specially towards night, when she's sitting there with her face tied up and her eyes staring and looking toward the door, as if she fan cied she was going to see master come in; for she will believe in ghosts, and it's no use to try to stop her. Ah, she's a great trial, ma'am." "Poor girl!" said Kate. "Thankye, ma'am. It's very good of you to say so," sighed the woman ; "and it is nice to have - lady here to talk to. It's quite altered the place. There have been times, and many of them, when I've felt that I must take poor Becky away and get another situa tion, but it would be ungrateful to new master, who's a dear good man, and never an unkind word since with him I've been. It isn't everyone who'd keep a servant with a girl like Becky about the house. But he never seems to mind, being a busy man, and I s'pose he must see the only way in which Becky's happy is in cleaning and polishing things. I believe if she woke up in the middle of the night and remembered that she hadn't dusted something she'd want to get up and do it; and she would, too, if she dared. But go about the house in the middle of the night without me, ma'am? No; wild horses wouldn't drag her," Sarah Plant ceased speaking, for she" suddenly woke to the fact that Kate was gazing at the fire, with her thoughts evi dently far away; and the woman stole softly from the room. But as the door clinked faintly Kate started and looked after her, half disposed to call her back, for the narrative she had heard made her position seem terribly lonely. She restrained herself, though, and sat trying, to think and turn the current of her thoughts, telling herself that she had no cause for anxiety save on Eliza's account. For Garstang could not have been more fatherly and considerate to her. His words, too, were wise and right. To let her uncle know where she was must result in scenes that would be stormy and violent; and she determined at last to let herself be guided entirely, by her self-constituted guardian. "Yes, she is right. He is all that is kind and fatherly in his way, and I, too, should be ungrateful if I murmured against my pqsition. It will not be for long. In less than two years I shall be of age, and fully my own mistress." She paused to think, for a doubt arose. Would she be ber own mistress? She had heard her father's will read, but it was at a time when she was distracted with grief, and save that she grasped that she was heiress to a large fortune, whicu was to remain Invested in her father's old bank, she knew compara tively nothing as to the control her uncle possessed. Yes; she recalled that he was sole executor and guardian until she married. "And I shall never marry," she sigh ed; but as the words were breathed, scenes at the old Manor came back; the pleasant little intimacy with Jenny Leigh, her praise of her brother, and that brother's manly, kindly attentions to his patient, his skill having achieved so much in bringing her back to health. Yes he had always been the attentive, courteous physician, and neither word nor look had intimated that he was any thing else; but these things are a mys tery beyond human control, and as Kate Wilton sat and thought, it was with Pierce Leigh present with her in spirit, and she felt startled: for the tell-tale blood was mantling her cheeks, and she hurriedly rose to do something to change the current of her thoughts. "Poor Mr Garstang," she said, softly; "he shall not find me ungrateful, lie, too, has suffered. If he had a daugh ter like this!" She recalled his words, evidently not intended for her ears. Wifeless— child less — wealthy, and yet solitary. Her heart warmed towards him, and she was ready to call herself selfish for intruding her wishes upon one whose sole thought seemed to be to protect ber and make her life peaceful. "He shall not find me selfish," she said to herself, "and I will be guided by, liim and do what he thinks right." She went out into the solemn-looking hall and began to ascend the great stair case, taking a fresh interest in the place, which seemed now as if it would be her home perhaps for months. The pictures and statues interested her, and she paused before a cabinet of curious old china, partly to try and admire, partly to think of how ignorant she was of all these matters, and a few minutes after found herself close to the heavy curtain, beyond which was the door leading into the little library. A strange thrill ran through her, and she turned to hurry into her own room, with her cheeks growing pale. But the blood flowed back, and with a feeling of self-contempt she walked straight to the curtain, drew it aside, passed through an archway, and turned the handle of a door. This opened upon a passage, whose walls were covered with venerable-looking books, a dim skylight above showing the faded lea ther and worn gilding upon their backs. There was another door at the end, and as the woman's narrative forced itself back to her- attention there was a fresh, thrill which chilled her; but she went on firmly, opened the door and passed: througih to find herself in the first of two rooms connected by a broad opening dimly tit by a stained-glass window, and. completely covered with boohs, all old and evidently treasures of a collector. Once more she shuddered, for she was standing upon one of several small Per sian rugs dotted about the dark polish ed floor, and from the woman's descrip tion she knew that she must be where the former owner of the house had lam dead. But the sensation of dread was mo mentary, and the warm flush of lite came back to her cheeks, as she saw, softly: _ ,, "What is there to fear?" and found herself repeating: — " 'There is no Death! What seems so )S transition; This life of mortal breath Is but a suburb of the life elysian, Whose portal we call Death.' "Oh, .father— father!" she moanea softly; "but I am so lonely without you;" and she sank into a chair, t weep bitterly. . . A few minutes later, when she let me curtain drop behind her, and stood once more on the staircase, a change naq come over her, and In spite of the s iff redness and moisture remaining in ner eyes, she looked brighter and more at rest, till she caught a glimpse of strangely wild pair of staring eyes g ing at her from one of the dark doo ways in horror and wonder, till owner grasped the fact that she was served, and fled. „ , Bv,a "Poor Becky!" thought Kate, as s smiled sadly; 'l must try. and - friends with her CHARTER XXX. The days passed calmly enough with Kate Wilton, and no more was said on either side about communicating with anyone. Gars tang was there at break fast and left till dinner-time, when "he returned punctually. , Kate read and worked, and waited for him to speak, striving the while by her manner to let her guardian see that she .was trying to show her gratitude to him for all that he had done. And so a fort night glided by, and then unable to bear it longer, she determined to question him. That evening Garstang came in look ing weary and careworn. There was evidently some trouble on the way, and as she rose to meet him she felt that she inust not speak that night, for her new guardian had cares enough of his own to deal with. But lie began at once as he took her hands, smiling gravely as he looked in her eyes. "Well, my poor little prisoner," he said, half-banteringly, "aren't you ut terly worn out, and longing, little bird, to begin beating your breast against the bars of your cage?" "No," she said, gently; "I am getting used to it now." "Brave little bird!" he said, raising both her hands to his lips and kissing them, before letting them fail; "then I shall come back some evening and hear you warbling once again. I have not heard you sing since the last evening I spent in Bedford Square long months ago." He saw her countenance change, and he went on hastily: "By the way, has Sarah Plant bought everything for you that you require?" "Oh, yes," she said, "far more." "That's right I am so ignorant about such matters. Pray, do not hesitate to give her orders. Do you know," he. continued, as he sat down and began to .warm his hands, gazing the while with .wrinkled brow at the fire, "I have been doing something to-day in fear and trembling." "Indeed?" she said anxiously. "Yes," he said, thoughtfully, as he took up the poker and began to softly tap pieces of unburned coal into glow ing holes. "My conscience has been smiting me horribly about you, my child. I come back after fldgetting all day about your being so lonely and dull, with nothing but these serious books about you by the way, did they send in that parcel from the library?" "Yes. Tnank you for being so thoughtful about me, Mr Garstang." "Oh, nonsense! But I think, my child, we could get i-id of that formal Mr Garstang. Do you think you could call me guardian, little maid?" "Yes, guardian," she said, smiling at him as he turned to look at her anxious ly. "Hah! Come, that's better," he cried; and he set down the poker and rubbed his hands softly, as he gazed once more thoughtfully at the fire. " That sounds more as if you felt at home, and I shall dare to tell you what I have done. You see, I have been ob liged to beg of you not to go out for a bit without me, and I (have not liked to propose taking you of an evening to any place of entertainment — not a theatre, of course yet awhile, but a con cert, say." ',0h,"> Mr Garstang!" she said has- tiij, « ith the tears coming to her eyes. He coughed, and looked at her in a perplexed way. sad?v ' ll' guardlan<" she said, smiling Hali! that's better. Of course not ; of course not. Forgive me for even re- wt"? t0. But er yo« will not feel hurt at whait I have done?" "v6 at him anxiously. Yes," he said, speaking as if he had been suddenly damped. "I ought not to have done it yet. It will seem as if I .were making it appear that you will have to stop some time." "What have you done?" asked Kate, gravely. ' my child, I know how musical y u used to be, and as I was passing the raaKer s to-day the thought struck me hat you would like a piano. 'It would maice the place less dull for her,' I said, ana—don't be hurt, my dear— I— I told him to send a good one in." stni1- Garstan&! guardian!" she said, £g to fan! With the tears now besin- he'i w6-6,' there' 1 ouSht to have known ans hi ,eried' catching up the poker, begmning to use it hurriedly. "Men V stuPid. Don't take any notice, toldear. I'll counter-order it." vanr1!01'!516 said gently, as she ad- S ta him and held out her hand. „ hurt; I am pleased and grate- PoW1Jrivner6ai'y?" he criea- letti"g the his. p' and catching her hand in "Brmf C0Ute I am" Bhe said, simply, think be therwise? Don't not fJ?AS thoughtless, and that I do deeply at your kindness.". Pingw,eSS'/0Dsense!" he said, drop- "But will feain' and turning away, better?" P make the time pa3S ' r slla11 be very glad to have it" ometimp?JFOU T sing 31,4 play 10 me "TpI " ,. C0Ine hack here?" tears- «„,eTSaid' smlling through her you hat-a would to-night now that if n o.ome hack tired and careworn, ,<'ti here." ' "Toud-nii oamvorn? Who is?" see?" 1)0 you think I could not admiration atber with his eyes full of again, ' ,d,th6n turned to the fire (To be continued.) 