LL RIGHTfi RESERVED. PO W ERFU L SERIA L STORY. D O R A Author uf “ The Broken fieal,” “ The Vicar’s Governess," “ Lady 8efton’s Pride," Etc., Eia CHAPTER, XIV.—Coksqiakce. - [Ooctjouedj. Sick and pale Elieabeth rose aod culled hie brothers, b ut Dick did not know tbem; b e set up io bed and shrieked, and gored with tcrrer striiea. wide-open eyes at the ray of moonlight which crept in between his blind and the window, apostrophising it as if it were some living, featfui thing. “ Come o n !” he cried, waving his arm. *'W hy do you stand there P Why do you beckon me, H arry Tyrell, to follow yon through theenow ?” " He thinkB it's H arry Tyroll’s ghost/’ said .Hal Horton, in a frightened whisper in Elisabeth's ear. “ He's got th e delirium tremon&'' said Bob, more coolly,41we had bettor send for tbe doctor, Liftaa.” “ No, no, Bob,” answered Lissa, shrinking)?, “ let us watch him ourselves ; let us keep it a secret betvreeo us.” “ H e was sure to take it,” went os Sob, “ going on as he’s been doing. He drank a bottle of brandy yesterday, I ’m certain." “ Let as p ut in the shutters and light tbe gas,” said the practical H al, recovering bis presence c l mind aud natural sharpness. “ I t ’s the moonlight on tbo snow that makes him think of ghosts, for it shone just like this tbe night after Harry Tyrell was mar* dered.” “ Yes,” s&id; Elizabeth, shudderioeJy, “ put iu tbe shutters, H a l; light the gas and the fire j keep out the moon.” i Are you gone?’’ said Dick, >& the same unnatural voice, as Hal dashed in the abutters. “ Goce'beckoniog—beckoning atiU— ” And he sprang out of the bed, and endeavored to leap out of tbe window, but was forcibly held back by Lis two young brothers. H is delirium chanced in chatacter after the gas and fire wore lit, and he: fancied that h e was picking grain off the bed, aud feeding tome teae pheasants which he had kepi when a boy. I t was easier to manage him when in this mood, aod ail the rest of the night Elizabeth aod the two young Hortons eat np with him, Elizabeth soothing and humonBghim as best she could. H e was so exhausted and feeble in tbe morning th a t Elizabeth grew alarmed, and dared no longer resist sending for the couotry doctor near, who, when he arrived, sqook bis head and tapped Lis forehead. *' Ah," he ssid, “ brain, brain—an overwrought braiu. W het has he been taking, Mrs Horton?” “ Since my poor uncle’s death,” hesitated Elizabeth, " I fear that poor Dick has been taking too—much ” “ So I thought/’ said the doctor, shaking bia head aggin, and baring all fihe time a fall and complete knowledge of tbe fact from Ibe gossip in (he neighborhood. “ Ncrrous excitability unduly developed by the over use of stimulacts A sad case, but not uncommon—every excuse in the case of M.r Eicbard, too, after the unfortunate accident when his poor fatuer lost his life." All day Dick continued to be very ill, b ut towards night he grew quieter, and when tbe doctor came in the evem'ng he thought that tbe attack was yielding to treatment, aod prophesied that Dick would soon be well. Elizabeth end Boh acreed to ait np with him, and as tbe night wore ou Bob grew weary and slumbered in his chair, b a t towards midnight a violent attack of horrors once more seized the unfortunate Dick. Again Elizabeth beard Harry Tyrell’s name shrieked forth io tones of intense dread and fe a r; again with storting eyes Dick seemed writhing with an unseen foe, while great drops of dew broke oat on his ghastly face. I t wa« “ Harry Tyrell J Harry T y r e lla lw a y s , until Elizabeth grew sick with fe a r; fancying eren that she, saw a pale shadow to some dark corner of the room, resembling tbe form of the young man who had been carried into the dining room on the morning that his life­ less body had been found. “ Oh, Bob," she said, going up and' wakening her sleeping brother-in-law, who started up and rubbed his eyes. “ Wbat ia it !■*" he said. “ I declare I as dreaming—dreaming of Harry Tyroll's death.” “ tie is calling on him again/’ said Elizabeth, shivering and creeping nearer Bob. “ Don’t beckon; don’t beckon any iorc I” shouted Dick from the bed. I'j] comeAnd again, as oa the previous night, he sprang up, a&d; again had lo be forcibly restrained by his brother and Elizabeth. Night after night for newly a week these dreadful attacks came on, until Elizabeth was utterly worn out with watching, while a vague dread and eot>* -pioion bec&s; to creep in to ie r miod Xu the morning, and daring the day, Dick wav always quieter, b u t at night violent paroxysms shook him from limb to limb, aod he invariably addressed the same spectre th a t he fancied was in the room. Then little by little hie delusions grew le6g violent, and gradually yielded to tbe doctor's treatment, and in abont ton days after his first seizure Dick, pale, stricken and changed, was once more able to ap* pear downstairs. Sir John Tyrell oalled to ask how bo was during his illness, ana saw with sad regret bow dreadfully it had told upon Elizabeth. She was servous to an alarming extent, and started at tbe least noise, and ber state left a very painful impression Upon Sir John’s mind. 44 i join tay son in Faria next wsck,” he said, in his quiet voice. “ Is—is h e well!” faltered Elizabeth, Not very well, I fancy,” au*wered Sir John. 441 do not think that he has ever been very well since he went China." “ N o?” said Elizabeth, and a chokieg spasm rose in ber throat. Strange doubts indeed were beginning to oppress and d istrict her mind! Why did>ibe memory of Harry Tyrell haunt Dick’s disordered brain w ith such strange pertinacity? Was there any reason other than his fsth rt e death for his settled gloom, bis snUen and determined remorse ? These thoughts h id recurred again and again to Elizabeth's mind during the dread midnight hours when Dicli held bis ghastly converse with the dead. H is brother Bob, too, had looked at iilizabeth once or twice with uneasy fear In hie glaope* when Dick repeated and repeated ia tones of thrilling horror Harry TyreJl's name, always fancying that be was beckoning to bun, or calling on him to follow him through the mow, At last Bob Kpoko. “ iissa,” be said, in an awestruck whisper, “ o u th e re be anything in this —can Dick——” And his looks told the rest. ” God knows!" answered Elizabeth, and the two oat still and silent, oot uttering to eaoh other the doubts and (eara w hich involuntarily had struck thorn both. They never mentioned it again. Dick got better, and came downstairs looking the ghost of his former self and nervous and irritable to a frightful degree, but apparently he hod got a frifeht about drinking { the doctor indeed, who woe himself a little, red-f&oed; man with strong oloholio preolivities, bad warned him of bis fatal Octrsequences. “ Another snch attack, M r Richard/’ he arid, shaking his bead as usual when he wished to be very emphatic, “ and I dare not contemplate the consequences Epilepsy, my dear sit, lunacy, idiotoy, death— all might be produced. 1 do nr,i on principle object to stimulants,” 'people isid the doctor certainly did not) “ b a t when the desire for them is over poweriue, unrestrainab)* in fact to c reasonable quantity, then I say my young friend, abstain, T o u raisacase that requires total abstinence—be wise, theretore, and use i t ” And having given l u adrice the doctor left, calling at the nearest alehouse on his road to have a glass of hot brandy and water as the morning tras chill. One of Dick’s great horrors after bis illness was to go to bed, and ho used to beg end pray them to sit up late, falling asleep many and xoBny a time through pure exhaustion in hia chair. I t was difficalt to spend the lone winter sights, end so Elizabeth proposed whist (though she disliked cards) by way of amusiDg Dick, and tbe three elder cousins used to sit and plsy very sedately and soberly, Hal being the only lively one of the party. “ M j belief is/' said tins boy one night, “ that if I were prematurely cut off, the proverbial ditobwater would be sparkling in comparison to the liveliness of my remaining sorrowing family. Lissa my dear, if farming gets worse, don't yea think th at Dick and Bob would make their fortunes as mutes ? Y es; the undertaking business is certainly open to our fam ily/' Only a Very feeble laugh was raised in answer to this sally, and it was no doubt true th at the family circle at Wendell farm was now a very dull one. Every day they missed tbe farmer’s cheery good-nature, who, ever ready with bis jest and his laugh, had m&do; email grievances seem lighter and large ones easier to bear, lie was gone now, and his 1 honored name could ncrer even be men-1 tioned in his household. Dick was to be kept quiet and amused, tbe doctor said, and “ father ” therefore was a word now never heard at W endell Yfesthouse. As the anniversary of poor B&rry; TyxcU’s death drew near, Luea felt a str≱ but perhaps not unaccountable dread of Us approach. Dick since hie recovery had bad so more frightful dreams or Tieioss apparently, bnt he ofteo talked still in his restless Bleep, and had twice given Elizabeth a terrible fright by walking in it. . Each time when she awoke and missed him, the idea of suicide oscurred to her mind, bnt on her rousing Bob and H al, Dick, asleep, with belf-open, fixed expressionless eyes, was discovered, once near tbe door of an unfreqnented large attic room in tbe rear of tbe bouse, and another time trying apparently to undo the fastenings of the house door. Everyone in tbe house remembered wh&tday; it was when the pale winter m o rning dawned at Wendell on the anniversary of H irrr’s murder. Eliza­ beth had watched its first beams of light appear with deep emotion, perplexity, and regret stirring in her heart. She scarcely dared to look at her husband's face, though when she did his knitted brow, his pallor, and restless aud excited ways, added not a little to ber paiofu! euriority, to her unsatisfied and anxious donbts. No one spoke of it at breakfast; no one, until, Hal. with buyinb carelessness, said—“ D’ye know what day tbis is, Liesa ?" “ Yes, yes,” said Elizabeth, hastily. “ The seventeenth of December,” went on H al. “ The day when Harry Tyrell 41 No use mentioning disagreeables,” said Bob, interruptcg th* irrepressible boy, for his eyes had fallen on Dick'* white and clammy face. "■A great deal of use, I think/’ continued M ailer Hal. 44 Be silent," said Dick, passionately, be si 'eu!aod he started up from tue breakfast-table, and Bob aud Lissa looked each other with one glance of mutual fear as he left the rcorn. My belief is,” said Hal the next minute, 44 that Dick know# more than he chooses to tell about tbe murder. D'ye remrmber when be bad D.T , Lissa, bow always fancied Harry Tyrell's ghost s in tbe room P" *You had better take care what you say, I think,” said Bob. “ You'll have Dick ill again with your folly, if you d on't mind. You know he's not tbs same fellow since poor father’s d ratb/’ 14W ell,if I ’d bad D-T. and I'd been Dick,” ar.swered Hal, who always had the last word, 44it would bare been poor father’s ghost and not Harry Tyrell’s th at would have haunted me. I don't blame him—nobody can ;b a t for all that I shouldn’t like to have the old man’s blood upon my hand/' [To be Continued. I 