. msB® mm. k TRAVELLERS TRAGEDY. At daybreak Indian Tom emerged from his . wickiap and stood at the doorway, open, aa is the custom, toward the east, whence the desert tribes erpeot & Messiah. He ear vejed the forbidding landscape with an air of proprietorship. Tall, gaunt, with an eye like a coyote s, and a skin clinging close to his bony frame, tanned to yellow { parchment by hundreds of eleotric storms, I Indian Tom was a veritable wizard o! the wilds,, Not far to (he westward rose the lobg, undulating outlines of the Funeral Moun tains 'bordering Death Valley*. On every other,- band stretched the monotonous wastes :of tbe Mojave Desert, now a long way of barren' plain, now a range pf mils rising above it. A few yards from'Tbm's habita tion was' a pool of black water which oozed slowly from the ground on a little slope. When it reached a certain level, it over flowed and trickled in a narrow rivulet along the eandB into a piece of ground enclosed by . .^ires. Here it kept alive a scanty growth /of cative gTasBeB..' I|*ihe background of iimmffia to . land B^rowera j poi£to$ starvatio^on tbe spa*8e«age . etij^iiponitelegs. Then it was dabbed fortb- upon the desert again. Indian Tom often sold burros to prospectors, but the number did not diminish, and the source of constant supply was a mystery which no man had fathomed. Above the low mountains In the distant oast tbe sun rose like a ball of fire. There were no soft tints of blue and purple along tbe summit to herald tbe approach of dawn and indicate a little moisture in tbe air. But instead came a sudden flare of light that burned at once in the sky and along the mountain, sides and on the wide reaches of tbe plains. Tbe air was shot through and tlirongb with penetrating, stinging ' ray*. Here and there appeared puffs ot wind, whirling sand aloft, with an ominous, swing ing, funnel-like motion. And in the far north these gradually increased, until a oloud of duet bung like a ourtain againrt the sky, higher above the earth than tbe tops of the highest mountains. TmUftw Tom surveyed tbe scene, sniffed the hot blasts whioh saluted bis withered nostrils, and muttered, in the oomposite lingo whioh he had picked op from prospectors of different nationalises ; 1 Ugh ! Mucho calor ! Heap dam hot wind 1* Then, as one of his squaws placed before him a chunk of dingy- looking bread, a black bottle, and a savoury combination of jack rabbit and bacon, he squatted betide them, upon ihe ground, and attaoked with great gusto, a breakfast which, for a desert Indian, wbs an epicure's dream. ? *???* Three bours later the shifting gusts of wind had united in a constant fore ace-blast. And at e point fifteen miles from Indian Tom'p, across tbe range, and upon the edge ofthe busin.like depression known as Death Valley, two men were goffering constant torments from the almost insupportable beat. At the firrt indications of an electric storm they bad prepared an insufficient shelter by making a low tent of some canvas, under which they had crawled for protection. They I bnri filcri trio/3 fn AHteld thair faro Hntwta Kir muffling their heads in gunny-sacks, to ? screen them from the driving sands whioh ? rode on tbe sleeping blasts of the norther. This sand penetrated everywhere, and cat . . the skin, if exposed, like needles. ' I wonder if the critters is alive ?' said ; Anderson, in a lull of. the tempest which ..j permitted the raising of his voice above tbe ? whistling of tbe . wind. 4 If tbey -b*.* be a£ded, * 'twould be a mercy to wet their noses with a little water.* Grimes straggled. to his feet, throwing off the weight of the canvas, which had been pressed down upon them by the drifting sand* Five minutes later the burros had been resurrected, tbe gunny-eaoks had been , removed from their brads, and thoir months 1 had been thoroughly sponged. When these things bad been done, and everything hud been adjusted for a probable recurrence of the tempest, the men found that they had just one canteen of water left, one which had been filled at Coyote Hole as they had come past a few hours before. It hod been kept until the last as being the freshest. They eaoh took a ' pull* at this. * It's pretty bitter and brackish, ain't it Orimfw remarked. * Some wav I never like that water. It tastes to me like arsenic and 1 asphalt. But— by ? , it's good ! Give me ; some more. If e good, it's good, it's good. : Ha ! is life. No man knows what joy : he oan get s-ut of a little thing until he's j been almost dead with hunger or with thirst. Don't yoa think 60, pard P* , * Don't be an idiotic fool,' Anderson ' replied. 'The wind's a-oominT up again. Better curl down here behind tfcu outfit, and { see that yon make that water go jest as fur as it wilL If we can stand it till night, and the moon comes np, and tbe wind goes down, and the burros is alive, and we oan git to Indian Tom's, where there's water, we're all right. Bat if we can't— why, tben we're jest dead and buried, and that's all there is of it,' was Anderson's grimly philosophical 'ply. When tbe son went down, blood-red in the weyt, the wind sank to rest, like tbe spent wrath of an angry giant. The airy blankets of visible, palpitating beat, which bad been pressing down upon the earth seemed lifted all at once and flung abroad into space. For a brief interval tbe darkness . of night swept over the mountains, pierced in | ihe illimitable vault, overhead, by tboncands | of brilliant points of fire. Then the moon j «tm-i up, swimming in a sea of silvery j jadiance. Anderson and Grimes, by a sup- i „j^^6lm^d0toA^«ran6e.l themselves from.i&.s l&thargy; which bad overtaken them in tbe ' «bung boors of the day, and prepared to j „2aava tlieapot-wbeire so ^tiiti^h^stmaring had i '.^jeen compressed into so brief a time. I ' '?* Tbgy bad adjusted faiep^,j#-on-NbWeg/; the ' iwo'lmrros, Were , ^Sfceparing to * snob* the load on Jerusalem; ' wjwuiflftiryiim ?Iiilpfrlr animal. Anderson stood with his foot against her side, pulling on the rope that held the paok in place, when properly ad justed. Bat there was no answering pull from the orher side, where Grimes was stand ing. Anderson was angered. * Why the devii don't yon putlF be thundered. Then, in gentler tones, ' Why, boy, what in tha name of Simon Peter's ghost is ailin* yoot Have yon got the St. Vitas dance?' Grimes was reeling in aimless circles, frothing at the mouth and making inarti culate cries of pain. Then be fell to the ground, and his legs and anna threshed the ground with spasmodic contortions. Then game nausea, worse than any seasickness. And a moment later Grimes eat np and 'pulled himself together.' ' God 1* he said. ' That's terrible. It is £he worst I ever bad. Who wonld have thought a man oc.old lire through null nain juthatP' ^ 'I tell you what/ Anderson replied 4Xo a-e eaten something thai don't aszee r-^ftbi'gyogr-^t'e almost tike poison. You're ^agjjj^^BHtogttooamp here again and flu&B; yoar stomach.' . V After . invd almost in which seemed to dry tip every atom of vitality and to cleave to the very centres oi exlstenoe. Bat Anderson was strong, and he fought like a lion againrt his anseen foe. 1 It was in the water/ said Anderson. 'We've been poisoned. Thoso devilish coyote-bounty banters have pat strfohnine in the £p rings. Five dollars for a coyote's ecatp and a man tws thrown in. Hell, what a country this is 1* 4 It's that fiend, Indian Tain/ whispered Grimes. * He's poisoned the water at Coyote Hole, and he'll be looking for our burros to morrow. If 1 oan live long enough to stiok a knife into him, I'll be satisfied:' They traversed the sloping rim of Death Valley and the /comparatively level ground above it, and came to the long, winding canon whioh opens upon the oonfines of the valley and, at its npper extremity, forms a pass in the funeral range, beyond which He those continuations of the desert where, at this time, Indian Tom's wickiup and the adjaoent eprings were the most important signs of life. At intervals, when : Jerusalem, staggering beneath her double load, stopped to rest, Anderson waa com pelled to listen to the delirious ravings of bis friend, who constantly begged for sur cease from pain by death as for some priceless 'favour.^ ?' '? - sitaattonwas intolerably oppreapye^ wpl^egaqa^ She ^yBUj9i.^^-wH^h:hfe^ comparison, with his mental torments as; he usteinfid. to his. friend. There -were rJBWB nts^h&b;^be v.^e^ahredof iheifiJU2B,: ^aMargnedwi^bime^ihat- tteitherootild survive the toilsome journey ;that both must -lie ; and that it were better toend all at once. ? « * They bad almost completed the ascert of the canon, and the burros paused, from sheer inability to move further, upon the highest point, where the sides of the gorge dropped abruptly away into unknown depths, shrouded in darkness, where there was no fantastio play of the moonlight. Here Grimes called softly for water, asking in the tone of a spoiled child who believes that its mother denies its request from caprice. There was something in the tone and in the repeated, insistent demand that cut Anderson to the heart. It was reaViy each * little thing, yet eo impossible: 1 Water, water, won't von eiva mn vatar ? OdIp one droit. one little drop, and I'll be satisfied.' 'Come/ eaid Anderson, gently, * can't yoa be yourself for jest a minute? Don't you know that I can't.give you water ? Try \- to reason, jest a little.' | ' Water !' was the imperious reply — ' water, or kill me, in mercy-!' 1 Anderson drew his revolver from its bolster for the first time. The moonlight glanoed from the polished steel as he held the handle towards Grimes. He intended to test him. I Here is the revolver/ he said. ( Take it and use it.' I I can't/ was the reply. * My arms are paral/Bed. I can't lift my elbows. Don't , you see that I'm only a wreck of a man— | nothing left of me except a voice and a braiu that's all on fire? Anderson, I'm myself new. x know what I'm saying, and T call on vnii. ftp vrm ata mv friflnd. fn fin v-iur duty/ Anderson hesitated for a moment. He watered to and fro and toyed with the ie- 1 volver, undecided. Then, with a quick movement, he turned the weapon npon his , own heart and pulled the trigger. There was a report, followed by a cry. Anderson j threw lus arms into the air, fell, clutched vainly at the edge of the preoipice, and dis appeared into the depths. ? ? ? Again, at the first break of day, Indian Tom stood at the door of his wickiap, holding erect his meagre form, unbent by the weight of * hundred years, and gazing into the far reaohes of the landscape.. The atmosphere, swept by the norther of the day before free from every particle of moisture, was perfectly transparent, and every outline of tne mountains, every naked ^ rook and startling individuality. Here and there a jack-rabbit bounded over the barren plain, or a coyote sneaked away from tbe approach -of day. Shuffling unsteadily across the sands came two grey forms which Tom watched intently from their first appearance in the distance. Nobles was in advance, with the lighter load, crazed for water, and frantic to bury her nose in the black, sluggish ooze beneath the shadow of Tom's habitation. Then came Jerusalem, trembling with fe?er and weari ness. and statrfirerincr under her two-fold burden. For, lyicg back upon the blankets, I tied eo that it oould not fall, were a human form, rigid, uncovered, tbe beard and cheeks j bleared with bloody foam, the glassy eyes | staring unmoved into the face of the morning 1 Then Indian Tom, lifting his hands to the ; east, chanted, in gattural monotono, a verse of thanksgiving to the Spirit on high who puts into the white man'* heart the Inst of gold, and sends him forth into the wilds, driving his deft footed littlo beasts laden with tie miner's pick and pan, with tobacco, with bacon, and, best of all, with whisky, which warms tho marrow and gladdens the heart of the Great father's dusky servant.— T. Bauer*. 