THE MYSTERIOUS MARRIAGE. CllAPTEit II.—-( pontinueH.), Jjord Trosliam released the hand Iio : held, and pacod it to and fro ov.or the rocks for a fovv moments, in nnxipusj 'thought, passing very hoar to the spot' whore tho unsooa listener was crouch ing. /. . . , His lordship was a proud man,.stern in his uprightness and fine senso. of! honour. But hie lovo was stronger than his pride. The Lady Kathleen, ?watching him, saw the struggle 'that ,wont on in hie soul, and was'not startled/when presently he returnod to .her, and took hor face, gently "between bia hands, and studied it' With a long, keen, and yearning gaze. ?'. If was a p'uro, as well as lovely, iface. Every dolicato and noble feature {expressed a honest and upright soul. rThore was no guile in those wido 'azuro eyes, no guilt or shadow oE wrong-doing about the sweet tremulous mouth. He felt'that ho could stake his soul upon her purity and good ness. " ?'.?.--?? \- 'Kathleen, , he said, and his voice '.thrilled her like strange music, 'your secret is your own. I will never ask you what it is. But it is clear to me that it has caused you suffering and dread. Is it not so ?' ' ' Yes,' she ans.verod. It is liko tho sword of Damocles. "Whon the morn ing dawns I never know what will befail me before the night. My life IB full of terrors.' ' You aro not fit to cope with them alone, Kathleen. Perhaps if thoy were slmrod with another, these terrors might lose half their force -' The Lady Kathleen tried to 'with draw hersolf from his embrace. .' It cannot bo !' she.said. ' I cannot share thotp with anyone' Lord Tresham looked at her yet more closely, and then said— 'Kathleen, I will never aslc you again to confide this secret to mo. , But 1 do ask you to give mo the right to protect you and caro. for you. You lovo mo, and I love you. What, thon, should prevent our marriage ?'., , 'You would marry me, then, know ing that I poeeoss a terrible secret I can nevor share with you, a secret which tnay yet bo revealod, to cover me with shame and enguish ?' Lord Tresham looked at hor steadily,' and answered gravely— ; ' Do not mention shame in tho same breath with tho name of Kathleen Connor. I can shield you from the world, and I will do it. I comprehend that this secret oE yours has kept ue apart all tlieso years. It must do so no longer. I am going to take your destiny into my hands, my poor Kathleen. "Wo must be married, arid at once.' ' Impossible, , murmured Kathleen, her face flushing. 'There ia nothing to prevent our marriage, Barry there is no legal barrier ; but I could never stand at your side with a crowd looking on to witness our marriage. I could not.' And low under her breath, she added— 'I dare not.' ' "We.could be married quietly then, Kathleen,' said- her ardent, generous lovor. There is a little old church over on the Scottish shore. You hare often boon thero, and know the old minister woll. My boat is on the ? shore, Kathleen.' 'No, no,' broke in tho Lady Kath leen, shuddering anew, as if stunt; by somo sudden remembrance of fear. ? It' cannot bo, Bany. I could never accept your gonorous sacrifice. Tho time might .come whon you would reproach me for it. If sorrow or trouble came to mo you would havo to share it. Tho more I think of it, tho plainer I see how impossible it ie that we should be married.' ' Th'e'n'you must not bo allowed to think long on the subject,' said Lord Treeham, with an air of smiling authority. ' Kathleen, I've waited for you a long time,'and now that I have won your love I don't mean to lose you through any over-delicate scruples on your part! I mean to make you my wife at once. "You are of sufficient ago to indulge in even so odd a freak as a quiet marriage, without the usual ' pomp and circumstance' Kathloen, I trust' you implicitly. I know that your secret —terrible as it may bo— involves no wrong-doing on my part. Now, I want you to trust iu me alao, and show, your trust.' ' How, Barry ?' '. By to-morrow you will bo your old cold self again, and will condemn yourself for what you will call this night's weakness. I want you to put it out of your power to sond mo away hopoless and anguished. In short, I want you to marry me to-night.' . Tho Lady Kathleou uttorod an ex clamation of amazoment. 'To-night? , blio repeated. ' To-night!' the watcher crouching in tlio rocks whispered, hollowly. ' yes, , answered Lord Tresham, firmly. ' It is but an hour's anil across to the old Scottish church. "Wo can go and return before you will bo missed. The Ludy Norn, has com pany, and will not think of you. Wo will tiiko your maid as a witness to "our marriage. And when j-ou nro mine, Kathleen, we will como quiotly back to the castle and toll our story to lia'dy Nora. Tho quietest way is tho bost way. I nevor did like pomp and .ceremony at a marriage. Trust to ' tho, Kathleen, and do as I say.' Tho Lady Kathleen hesjtatod. Sho lovod Lord Tresham with all the fervour of her nature. There wero reasons connected with hor fearful socret that made her dread any public marriage. And his lordship's per suasions, urgod with all the tender ness oE his grent soul, inclined hor to yield. ... ? ?. ':I !' uho cried, Rtruggling with her own heart and with his S loadings. 'You will regrot it some Sjr, if I raarr/ you now. You will live to curse me, Barry, for my weak ness.- Do not ask' me!' : But his lordship would' not be warnod. Ho continued- to plead as one.pleads for hie lifo. Ho reminded her of his long lovo.for her, bis loneli ness, and his desolation, and he bogged hor to allow him to shield and protect her, protesting that ho would uovor seek to know her hidden secret, and that no shadow could ever obecare the brightness of his love. The end can', bo; foreseen. ? The Lady Kathleen yielded to his per suasions, although with, tears and trembling. ...... . ' Let Uβ be off 'at once 1' "cried his lordship, in rapturous excitement. ' Go for your maid, Kathleen, while I ge.t the boat ready. . He pressed her to his bosotn, kissing bor. repoatedly, and hurried down to the beach. ..The. Lady Kathleen wont to tho Castle,..presently returning, wrapped iu -a shawl, and. attended by her maid. A few minutes later, and the lovers wero out upon tho waters, on their way to tho Scottish shore. ? The twilight bad deepened into night,, and ' thb f uioon. had - not. .yet arisen; The boat went sailing away into the.shadows, bearing the Lady Kathleen to a destiny whose good.or evil fortune slip.could; not yet know. - ? Lord Tresbam's. boat had become a mere shadow, when tho crouching spy crept out from behind the rocks, hurried down the beach*, entered.one of the castle boats, and sailed after the lovere. ? . . It was not yot midnight, when some three hours Inter tho tw 3 boats landed within a few" minutes of each other on. the Scottish shore. The old cherch stood near the shore. .'?? Lord Tresham left the lady Kathleen and her maid in it? porch, whilo ho hastened to, the, minister's cottage.; The .sinister, spy skulked in the shadow, of tho trees near, the church, for the moon was rising.'. The'minutes passed. At last Lord Treshnm, came''back, full of happy exultation, The iniuistor camo behind him with the key of tho church. : The Lady ? Kathleen 'exchanged, greetings with Mr Cowan, whom'.eho know well, and ho then unlocked the church. The party entered. '?? " 'Wo "will be married in the moon light,, said Lord Trosham.. 'There aro fishermen on the beach, at a little distanco, and'. wo dp' not want in trusion. Tho Lady Kathleen paused, looking up at him with sudden appealing. ' Youare sure you'will never regret this?'she asked. .?..? 'Quite euro, Kathleen. I .will neverreg'ret'it! And, Heaven helping me, you never shall!'! : Tho Lady Kathleen was rcaesurred, and taking his arm, she suffered to be lod into the church. It was dim and strange,' the littlo church, full of dusky shadows and spectral glooms. Tho moonlight streamed in through tho gay painted windows, throwing coloured streams of light upon tho quaint, low pews. At the further end of the vaulted room, behind his reading-desk, among tho deepest shadows, the minister, Mr Cowan, was standing, and on the pulpit stnirs crouched the figure of Lady Kathleen's maid. ' They are waiting, you aeo, Kath leen,' said Lord Tresham, as the two stole up tho dim and lonely aislol 'It will soon bo over, darling.' A sudden panic seemed to seize tho Lady Kathleen. ' AVo need another witness,' she whispered. ' AVhy don't Mrs' Cowan, come? Go for hor. I will wait in this pew until you return.' Lord Tresham oboyed, hurrying out on his errand. A minute or two later, Mrs Cowan silently entered tho old church. And behind her came the figure of tho spy who had crouched bohind- the rocks at Kildare, and - who had followed tho lovers across the Channel. There was a desporato purpose in this man's soui. In height and carriage he was not unlike Lord Tresham, in the dim light. The Lady Kathleen, in the darkness, and full bf agitation, supposed him to be his lordship.' She arose at his approach. . ? The spy marked her movement with secrot and torrible exultation. Ho had formed a bold, wild scheme, and he was determined to execute it. _? ' Come, Kathleen,' he whispered. ' AVo must loso no timo.' Hβ offered her his arm, which* was accepted, and thoy approached the dim and shadowy alter. Mr Cowan began the mnrriage service, for he, no less than tho Lady Kathloon, supposed the daring intruder to bo Lord Tresham. 'Ho'll bo- gone several minutes longer,' was tho thought of the iutrudor. 'Ho missed Mrs Cowan on tho way. Before he returns tho Lady Kathleon will be my wifo !' The marriage service proceeded. The Lady Kathleen's senses were in a whirl, yet a strange joy began to pervade her being. The questions were asked and answered ; and, finally, the Lady Kathleen started from the delicious trance that held her trembling and frightened to hear the solemn words:— ' I now pronounce you man and wife. And ivhom God has joined together let not man put asunder !' The words woroyel ringing through the grim shadows of the church, when tho bridogroom etolo hia arm around the bride's slender waist, and pressed upon her lips tho bridal kiss. 'At tho same moment steps wore hoard at tho church porch, and Lord Tresham camo hurrying in alono. A single glonco at tho two figures before the altar, and his lordship staggered back as if shot. ' Kathleen !'he cried. Tho Lady .Kathleen, with a shriek of terror, sprang from the arms of hor bridogroom. ..-?.? ' Bnrry !' sho cried. Oh, heavous ! who is this? ' . ' It is your husband, my lady !' eaid the sinister iutrudor, with a mocking bow. ' " ? 1.. Chapter 111. AFTER THE STBASOK 3IABBIAOE. For a moment, that seemed to each like an eternity, Lord. Tresham .and the ? Lady Kathleen regarded each; other through tbo deep gloom of the lonely Scottish church in an appalled aud awful silence. The minister crept down from his desk, and stood in the background of the group, pale with sudden alarm. His wifo and her ladyship's maid drew also eilontly nearer. But the figure of tho strange and sinister intruder who bad usurped Lord Tre'sham's place at the' altar and tricked him of ? hie bride,'did not change in its attitude of triumph. The pale, faint gleams of moonlight that stole in 'through tho dim and dusty window showed through the thick shadows au 'evilly exultant smile that curvod his lips, overspread his face, and gleamed mockingly from his eyes". .. - . ? Lord Tresham as yet paid no heed to "this man. Ho had eyes only for tho bride who had boon stolen from him—for the white anid : trembling Kathleen, whoeeanguisbed,incredulous face was turned to him in a desperate pleading and dospair. ...... ' What does thia mean ?' his lord ship asked at last, in a strange and husky voice, breaking tho terrible silence. ' Speak, in heaven's name. Kathleen !' 'I don't know !' answered the Lady Kathleen, in a wild, broken voice. 'I thought it was you, my lord. Until you camo iu I had not detected tho cheat. The church was so dark, and I was so agitated, and I looked for no. one. but you-- —'. His lordship set his teeth together, aud drew his breath hard. Ho turried abruptly from the Lady Kathleen to the minister. : 'How- is it, Mr Cowan f" ho "aaked; still in that husky voice. ' Is—is her ? ladyship married P' :: Tho'tninister, a naturally timid mau, 'who was overwhelmed with distress at the strange turn affairs had taken, bowed his head in assent. There was a moment's pause, then his lordehip spoke again; \- 'Is the marriage legal ?-' he asked. The Lady Kathleen lifted her drooping hoad, with a thrill oE re viving hope. !f ho minister hesitated, then roplied,/in a distressed voice— 'This is a terriblo situation, my lord. I don't know what relief the laws of England, or: the Divorce Court, will yield her ladyship, but I am ; constrained to say'that I believe this marriage to be legal.' A-low,- mocking laugh came from the strange bridegroom. ~ The' laugh aroused the"tiger in tho breast of the cheated lord. He was tornpted to spring upon his enemy in a 'deadly' assault, but he controlled his passion with a powerful effort, and addressed himself again to the minister: ? - 'Does not the fact that this mis creant impersonated me invalidate the mafriagb r' he asked, with super natural calmness. ' The lady had no intention of marrying him, and even the Scottish law cannot . hold : her bound.' ???*;"??? 'I have never known a case just like this,' said the minister; 'but marriages are valid when one of the contracting parties conceals his or her identity under an assumed name,- the other party believing the name to be the truo one. In this case we'have a gross fraud, but I firmly believe her ladyship to be legally bound.' 'I do not,' cried Lord Troshani. 'No law can uphold'this fraud and 'deceit. The . Lady Kathleon will novor dragthis experience linked with her name into a divorce court. She repudiates* this fraudulent marriage. It shall bo as if it had hot been. AVo' shall take . our places. before the alter, and you shall marry ub now -' 'I cannot, , interrupted tho minister, with agitation. ' I dare not, my lord. Tho lady Kathleen.is already married. Let her seek justice at tho proper tribunal. To marry again, with this marriage' unannulled, would be to boramit bigamy/ .. .' . Again the sinister bridegroom laughed mockingly. Lord Tresham turned abruptly upon his enemy, and for the first timo looked 'at him fully, keenly, and' squarely. Until this moment he had been so absorbed in- the wreck of his" happiness, and in his own and tho Lady Kathleen's' -despair, as to pay but little heed to him who had wrought' all this misery. But now ho seemed to arouee himself like a lion from a ?trnnco. -?.-.- ' The light in tho dim old church was so faint and gloomy that ho could not make but the man's features distinctly. But ho saw that he was tall and stoutly built, with a heavy, "massivo frame that seemed a perfect storo houso of strength. Like Lord Tree ham, the man was attired in black. His face, seen indistinctly through the gloom, was not unlike that of the man he had so foully-personated. Lord Tresham moved a step nearer to him, a passionato fury whitening his face and glowing fiorily in his eyes. ' This matter is to be settled between you and mo, then ?' cried his lordship, liorcely. AVe will not need to appeal to tho law. I will undertake to rid the Ladv Kathleen of your claims ' ' Notliere!' interrupted tho minister, iu n panic. 'Do not profane the liouso of God by unseemly violence Come with me to tho manso, and we will discuss the matter, and see what can bo dono. Lot mo conduct you, my poor Lndy Kathleen!' He gave his arm to tho Lady Kath leen, who clung to it, shrinking close to 'his sido, and he then led hor from the church. . Lord Trosham walkod at Kathlcon'a other side, as ono having tho right. Clobo bohind him came Mrs Cowan, tho Lady Kathleen's maid, and tho sinister man who had wrought so much evil. ' ? But once outside the old church, and beyond the churchyard, Lord Tresham halted abruptly on the moonlit sward, and faced hie enemy, With a face so white, and stern, and savage that the Lady Kathleen also came to a halt, uttering-a lon ay of terror.: . ... ? Mrs Cowan echoed tho cry. ' ....' ' This is no place, for you,' said Mr Cowan, addressing bis wile. 'Go bock to the manse, and take her ladyship's maid with you.'- ???-?-? ?-> ? ' Mrs , Cowan. obeyed, and walked ?away, accompanied by the Liidy Kath leen's tnaid. The chief actors in the little tragedy, were thus loft to them 'selvee. ???.'?'' ' ' 'Now, sir, , cried Lord Trosham, fiercely, advancing a few steps nenrer his enemy, ' we will settle this matter. But first tell mo who you are.' : His eyes* fairly blazed as. they scrutinized the face of Kathleen's bridegroom. ' Hi? lordship had beon . for three years her ladyship's constant suitor, and bad known all her London friends. . Yet ho had never seen this man before. Her acquaintance with him, ho rapidly thought, must have been very secret or of a remoto date. His fierce gaze photographed the mau's face upon his soul for ever. Tt was an evilly handsome face, and as different from Lord Tresh'ain's, now when plainly seen in 'the aioonlight, as darkness is different 'from' light. Except in the dark old church, under circumstances of peculiar agitation and anxiety, he could 'never have pneeod himself off as Lord "Tresham. He was dark-browed, with black hair, bold, black eyes, a sallow complexion, and a sneering,* sensunl, wicked-look ing mouth, half hidden in a forest of black beard, which fell in shaggy lengths low on his breast: This beard be had carefully tucked under, the lapel of his coat when he entered the church ; but/ it' had made its' escape, constituting one of its most prominent features. '. ' " J 'If you wish to know who I am, my lord,' he said, ' I have already told you that I atn tho husband oE the Lady Kathleen Connor. If 1 had not-been married; to her to-night, but had simply appeared ?: at your bridal, my very presence must have prevented vour marriago with her. If you desire further information in regard to me, permit me to refer you to my charm ing bride, Kathleen!': ? He spoke hor namo imperiously. Something in his tone seemed to cut some hidden cord in her ladyship's soul. She started from" Mr Cowan's arm, and looked up wildly, as she might have looked upon one who had rieon from tho grave. ' -.?.--.? : - 'Nicol! , slio faltered, recoiling several paces, her faco'wbitonirig with an awful horror. .' Oh, heaveiie! Nicol Bassantyne!' . 'Nicol Bassautyno, at your service!' said her bridegroom, bis evil face all aglow with exultation. ' You seeiu surprised to see me, Kathleen!' The Lady Kathleen uttered a wail ing, anguished cry. ..;,.._ . 'Alive !'"she whisporod. "I thought you were dead! Oh, heaven, pity me!','-.' She"tottered back, clinging to tho arm of the minister for support. Her lovely, face was blanched to a death -pallor. Her blue eyes 'were full of wild horror. Lord Tresham: forgot bis own anguish and wrongs in her utter misery. ?-"-.-? .? - ; 'Don't take it so hard, Kathleen,' said Bassantyne, with a triumphant smilo. ' I might not have announced myself in this theatrical manner, but I called on you at Kildare Castle,', and was told that you wore in the garden. I followed you out on the rocks,and chanced to -overhear: Lord .Tresnam's declaration of' love and "proposition for an immediate marriage., j; I knew why you dared not marry liim openly, with all the pomp and glory of' a fashionable wedding. You: feared, in that case, that some ghost of the past; would rise to confront you. There are two or three to'whom your secret' is known, and you feared that-they would, {fasten to reveal that,secret to Lord Tresbam, and so cover y6u r vifith : shame and ignominy. You were right. The private-marriage was tho only one suitable for you. I followed you over here, intending to reveal myself at the proper moment, ? and stop yo'ir marriage. .. Lord Trcsham's brief absence from the church sug gested a better course. I took his place—with what ? effect, you have seen!' . Ho laughed softly to himsolf, gloat, ing over his triumph and her anguish. Thero was a brief silence. Lord Tresham stood apart,strangeauapicions struggling in his soul. Ho began to comprehend that this sinister iutrudor was connected with the Lady Kath leen's secret, and ho vaguely felt that sho was in some way in tho man's power. But not a doubt of her found lodging in his mind. His trust in her remained unshaken. ' My little ruse was fair onough,' said Bassantynq, watching her lady ship furtively. '' All is fair in love and war,' says the old proverb. There is no use in fretting, Kathleen. If you haven't changed greatly iu the last fire years, you will soon compel your proud spirit to submit to cir cumstances. It is true that by my inopportune return I have cheated you' of a brilliant title, but I am rich and honourable, and I love you. Let these facts reconcile you to your fate !' He moved nearer to her, his eyee fixed gloatingly on her drooping head and despairing face. 'Stand back! , cried Lord Tresham, interposing. 'Do not insult the Lady Katheen by your professions of lovo. Whoevor you are, Mr Nicol Bassan tyno, do not think that your vile fraud of thin night has giyon you any authority over her! She has too many friends to bo given up to a cheating adventurer, who foully persouates another man at tho altar. Sho shall bo frood, if we havo to go through the Divorce Court to effect her freedom. Any publicity muet bo perferable to tho clains you have placed upon her. The Lady Kathleen is still under my protection, sir, and you must answer to mo for your: cowardly crime!' " ...-,. 'Very "well," said Bassantyne, coolly, .'I am-willing to light you now, if that's what you want.. ; But before we proceed to blows, .let. us under-: Btand what wo are to fight for. . You conceive tho Lady Kathleen to be. grossly injured by my taking your place at the marriage alter. : ' Now,- if she is satisfied, you can have no reason; to find fault, is. not that so?' * But I am not satisfied V cried the Lady Kathleen, passionately. 'Not satisfied, Kathleen f" and, Bassantyue arched his black brows, in seemingly astoniehod inquiry. . ,' Yon wish, then, that I had permitted you to marry. Lord Treshain- ' . . ,'_... ' No—no !' moaned the Lady Kath leen, shuddering. ?. .-?_.. ",.--;,. 'I thought you .could, not be .so, infatuated as that! You hope for a 'divorce, perhaps ?' - ; . - ? ~-. .":'.'?.. ' I hope for nothing,' retnrnod the Lady. Kathleen, wringing: her hands despairingly. 'I must, do as I have done for, years—submit to my fate. Barry,' she added, turning to Lord Tresham, who still stood a little apart, dark, gloomy, and stern, yet. with a great agony expressed in - his dark eyes,- ' there must be ko fighting for met. If you ever loved me, spare me that great grief!' . ' -V , .'lf I ever loved you! Oh, Kath-. leon!': ~. ... . : ..-..'. His anguished voice, aroused, the Lady . Kathleen, from the depths of her despair. Tho sight of his suffer ing lent her. a factitious strength. Loosening her hold on the minister's arm, she moved towards Lord Troeham, saying— .?'., '? ?.. . ... . , . 'I.must have a few words..with you alone, my lord—for the. last time.' Come with me to the beach.'.. Ho gave her his arm, . and thoy walked down towards, the sands, on which tho boats lay.rocking in, the moonlight.. The Lady Kathleen was tho first to speak.. ; -?. .?' '?Ba^ry,' ; βbe,βaid,. ' if I bad adhered to my first resolve, this would nover have happened. Would to'heaven I bad refused to come here to- night! Would that I had refused you, as I have done so. often before ! But do not let the events of to : night have any blighting influence ou. your life. You must goaway, and forgot mo—-! 'And leave you fo the persecution of that scoundrel ? , Never! never !' . 'It will be/best, .'Berry. For,my sake- you must go. It cannot bo wrong for i me to tell you, now that this groat gulf has opeuel between us, that I loyo you more than'l love, my life.' : I .have lovdd you for yearsj' and hor passionate voice trembled. ' But for years I dared not acknow ledge to you that love,- because I have bad always had that fearful expectancy of something terrible in the-future. For years *I have lived in a very terror of dread. Only a few' mouths since that was dissipated by a report that man —-was dead. Yet even thon, when' I read tho ; notice, of-his death in a foreign paper, I dared not dream of marriage. I should never have, dared you openly, with the pomp of a fashionable wedding, as he said. I should have been afraid that something might come between us to prevent the marriage, even* at the last minute. 1 have enemies who trade upon my secret, and who might have cljosea to reveal it. to you. at: any moment.'. ..-..-? „ ' My poor Kathleen,' said Lord Xreaham, iu a. yearning tenderness. 'Ard this ; man—this Bassantyne—- knows his secret ?' . !.. ; '.Yea— yes. , ... -.'.-. "'. , ,*,Tell ,ii; to me,.: Kathleen.' You' need a true friend. Let me hear tho ; whole story, and judgo ho\v_ much o£ terror there is in it., Perhaps these , enemies of yours magnify :the im-- portance of the-secret. -1 can help .yOU —?'?.,..?,-? ?,,'? ?':;,> ?,' :',-.? :,?'?''? '. . '_ It is, top late—too. late I No ono can help me now.. I cannot tell you the story, my lord, but I ; can say,' and she lifted her* bead .proudly, while a scarlet flush stained the whiteness of. her cheeks,./that my worst crimes consisted in girliah folly and imprud ence. The name of Kathleen Connor is as unsullied as on the day I received: it at my baptism. , ~.,., , . 'Is it noceseary to say that to me, Kathleen ?'- demanded Lord Treeham. 'Do I not know your pure s'nil, your glorious, untainted, nature? It is >ecause I know them. - so well that I entreat to bo taken into your confi dence. 'Your enemies may bo magni fying tho importance of the secret- ' 'No—no! I comprehend its im portance only top'well.' . . : f 'You will have to tell the whole story, will you not, when you sue fora divorce?' . . ? . . : ',1 shall, never sue for a divorce !' ; 'Kathleen!' .. - . , j ' We are parted for ever, Barry. It was fortunate—even providential— that- our marriage was interrupted toi night. So long as Nicol Bassantynq lives, I must not see you again. -. Oh; Barry! this night beholds our parting !' 'You mean-to acknowledge this marriage, then ?. To live' with this scoundrel as his wife?'. The Lady Kathleen flushed again. _' No, I do not!' she said. 'I would dio first. He may proclaim our mar riage, if he chooses. I ehall not deny it. But I will never live with him— never! I cannot tell.you how much I loathe this mau, my lord; and yet, strange as it may Boom,-this marriago of to-nigbt is a relief to me!' Lord Tresham uttered an exclama tion ot astonishment. 'It puts an end to oil.my terror and dread!' ? murmured the Lady Kathleen. ' It is well for you and mo that it has happoued, You must forget me, and find some one- more worthy of your proud old namo than Kathleen Connor! You aro a proud man,- my lord, ns you have the right to bo, and it Jβ-better that your "mad marriago with tne was interrupted. Aud no m a last word, tny lord. ' I bog 4 you not to provdko n hostile meeting' with Nicol Bassantyuo..? For my eako, do nothiug to peril' —that life which is dearer than all the world to me! And'though wp ore separated for over, Barry, always remember' that I loved you!' . 'Aud a.last "word with you, Kath leen !'.-'? cried Ijord Tresham, im patiently. ' You have denied me a knowledge of your 'secret, which it seems you- ehare with two or three black-mailing vrotchos. ''" Now hear me 1 There is no obstacle between us ?which 1 cannot surmount! I swear to break tho bonds yonder wrotch hna fixed upon you ! I swear to dissipato all the shadows that envelope you ! I sweat to -discover your 'secret, to 'scatter its terrors, to relieve you from iyour.' hideous thraldom—to mnko you 'uiy wife I Until those "things are ;accquiplished, I will know no peace, no joy! Prom this moment I set ithyself to tho : task of freoing'you' , fro in the coils of. your ericirias !' ? I ; He caught her to his "bosom, kiss-- :iiig her with 'a"yearning, passionate /fervour: : ' '" ''?'??". " . " '??"' i They word still lingering in that 'embrace, when stops word heard I behind them, and Tinesnntyne's aneer- Jing voice broke iuup'ori them. , ! ' Humph!' ho said. This is a ? ; pleasant sight'for tho eyes of a newly imode; huslund. Come;, niy ' LnUy ! Kathleen Baesdntyne ' 'My boat is i waiting, and yonder comes your mnid.' ?We must bo off, if you don't"want Kildaro Castle in n torrihlo commotion.' \ The Lndy Kathleen gently loosened herself from Xqrd Tresliam's frenzied ' clasp. '?' ~' ?'? ? ".' -???; '?'. ;'. ? ,: ? ITouJwill go back with' me? , ' his ' lordship asked. ' ' ' ' ;. ''I dare not,' she whispered.. ''But : I fear'nothing. My.roaid will be with me,(andjyou willbo near,' .-??.? ;o;> She turned from him with a break ing heart.-' Ttfr "and MrirCowan, with her ladyship's maid, Were approaching the beach. Tho Lndy. Kathleen advanced- to meet them, lietoued to their expressions of pity_ and sympathy, and then bade the minister and hie wife farewell. ..;.-.' '?"?,? ;" Bassautyiie then conducted his bride to his boat, the Xady Kathleon'smaid following. The lady -and her attend ants took their seats. Bnssantyno pushed off the littlo craft, and sprang in. Then he set'his sail, and'tbe boat went skimming over the moonlit channel towards Point Kildaro. . LorJ Trealiain followed closely in their- wake, his anguished chances soldpm wavering from the slender, girlish figure which drooped low in the stern of Bassantyne's boat. The Scottish minister and his wife, with-tears and forebodings, lingered along on the- sands, watching' the receding sloops, and speculating upon the futuro of tho threo whose fortunes had bo strangely become entangled. ' Heaven" guide them,': sighed Mr Cowan. ' There's a dark future before tho bonny Lady Kathleen—a dark, dark future.' (To be continued.) 