M ADVENTUEE OP THESE ENGLISHMEN. Tw» rigged, san-soorohsd white men lay Jn camp beside a wide river in the heart of tits savage wilderness of foreit And ssramp whloh nmwiiii the lawn mtan of fiie Niger, enjoying a brief noonday reek It wu fiercely hot, and the yellow river rolled alnggiahly before them, flashing and shimmering In the -son glare, until the misty forest o1lwed »bont it; while npoo the further back a fringe of feathery oil-palms bent down their raw-green fronds towards the mnddy water. Presently, Jack Croestou shook himself ont of Ida lair amosg the whitened gran, and observed gravely, Ai the niggers say, thii land was made lor the black meu^ and a European has no bculnen In It. Onee we daar the rubber ofi that knoll I'll get out of Africa—ife aghastly country." The other Charlie Lee, who was, It possible, more ragged and dosty than Ida companion, laughed silently, and answered," Alsray* the aame impulsiveness. Yon needn't abuse the constry. There's a hundred pounds' worth of robber In the two canoes, and * tbouaad poBnds'worth mora ready gathered op the knoll. I hope Jim ean keep tfcealggers off until we bring, np more men and osaoea from WarrL" Oroatsn'i face grew t&OOghtflll;, as he replied, "I didn't like to leave him, but one of niooald u»»kt have • got >1wwi He has a doeau good fighting men, too, and they eau only get at Urn on one side. It's I'm afraid of. Strange, isn't it, that wherever robber thrive! white men die." Then there was. sOenoe for a time, and the trado* tried te shelter themselves from the burning snn rays beneath the tall grass tussodks, while their naked, black folio wen lay hanking on the river .hank, soaking in Che heat like salamanders. liter, a dark patch appeared in the oeutre of the stream, standing ont clearly the flashing water as it drifted nearer and nearer, and Croaston eaid carelessly, "An alligator; at a rotten cotton wood log ; the river'* rising at last." Lee shaded hlaeysB with hi* hands. He had a way of noticing small thing*- Then he maid, sharply, "Ho, ife a canoe with a man in it, and he has clothes on, too.** Crouton sprang to his fast, and a babel of Toioes rose from the bank, while the canoe, with what wraiwl to be a handle of bine rags lying in the stern, slid down the muddy onrrent, nntQ it was abreast of the camp, and then swung ronnd and round in an oily eddy; and all the time the limp figure lay motionless. "Take the canoe, and faring that thing ashore^" said Croaston ; and a few minutes later the matt and its iimmntoB fa wight grounded among the reeds. <• Uniform et French Senegalii, been dead acme days; smallpox It Is; stand dear," add Lee, bending over tike body. The negroes fled for their lives, and the white man shuddered a little, for he had oooe seen a whole native tribe oteaned ont by the pestOenoe. Then he added olawly, "Must be one of the French gnnboafa men. Flamboyant, wasn't it ? She went up the river two mouths age." "Hallo, hen's a letter on him," and, unfolding the moist paper, the trader puzzled ever the sprawling shaky writing acrosa it. "Any white man seooura me briw, or I die, quickly and alone. Iimnnoh "Temeralre'agraant near polntedee palmters. A mo!—la bon Dies!" read lite; then he added, "Xhe rest Is illegible; what do you make efitallT" " Very simple," said Crouton. "Gnnj boafa launch came te grist, black crew de> aected, and one white offioer left, half-dead of fever, «r small-pox. We most get him eat." "Tea, I Muppote ao," answered Lee, "though it means leaving Jim a -week longer in theswampo, bnt we oan't let the pear wretch dia^ worthless palm oil ruffians thsngh webe. Xhe Government soen don't \- monopolise all the virtues of homsntty and Croestongriimsd. "I was taught a few thlogi myself at Cambridge/' he said. We most do oar best, hut oonfrmnfl that French, man!" Half an hoar later, they drove the oanoee up the yellow stream, the white men bend- ing ever the paddles Among the Kroo boys, in spite of the sweltering heat; while the Senegali messenger slept beneath the pahni, with his faoe tuned- towards the eaat, like the faithful Hjuaalmanhe waa. Tewarda •unset, on the seoand evening, they ewnng the dripping blades very faintly and wearily, and even the indefatigable Kroo beys declared they oonld hold ont no longer, " Keep it up 1 Half en Jionr more and an extra plooe ofoloth all .round—If over get bask," said Cresetoii,and ths wam-ont negreei groaned aa they dipped the paddles, and the white mengwed eagerly over the bews. The sun wag staking fast towards the cotten-woods, the western heaven* blazed with orange and aaffrwyandaJiirideriinsen light fluked along the oily water nntQ it resembled a river of blood. Share was not an air stirring, and heavy wreaths of vapour ascended irom the reeking awamp*, like the steam of a great cauldron, shrouding the tall stemiof the palms whfah crowned each lrrmll nntil their tufted -crests alane ware visible, like Islands In a sea of vapour. " Dark in hotir, frogs beginning aire; said Croaston. "Those are ei&entiy.; the tall palms. Where oan the launch bet Perhaps the niggtis have found her ont, and speared the Frenohman. Paddle stronger uere, yen Kroo beys, or you catch no gin to-nlght." < Presently Lee said, oalmly, "There -aha is," and pointed to a dark ohjeol^ loeming out Indistinctly through the gathsrlng mlit. 35ie Kroo boys raised a yell, the paddles splashed faster and faster, whirling .op a cataract of foam, and laterthe two oanees shot, grinding -alongside a big steam lannoh, lying ever, nearly on her beam ends, hard and fast on the edge of a I bank. The white men ewnng board, as the Kroo boy* made fast ths canoes; bnt there was nelther «cund nor algn jrf lSe on the launch's deok—-nottilng bnt arusty .iron, tattered awnings, snn-Uistered-palnt,suMi silence, while the<darkness deepened across river and forest. •'.Hnny. there," said Cresston, "get below, «nd fiad a . lamp before ^this plaoe apsUs.<oar«ervea. The Kroeinyswill bolt In a -minoteforiear lfa bminted/' and the twoaaan deaoendedthe tiny oon^anion. "Thank goadneoa here's a lamp," said Oroaiton«s he entered, -and-atnildc* matoh.; A smoky yellow ^ow fiHed the little oatdn, f^ntiig upon the IsdOew Sue and wasted farm of a Boropean, who lay on a cushioned looker, irtth legtonsofbeeUes otawllng over him. The taUwrs started at the eight Hen Oroaston, kneeling dawn, gently raised the •offerer'* head, and held a flask *°^>5f5?gaapedthefever-strioken Frenehman, "yoa are kind, graoe * —," then hi* eyelid*olesed. ' : .. "Hold np," aald lhe-Jtrader, "don't faint J Downwilhit »galn,''.ana the Jok man<Aokedforl»reatha»thsaeooqd deeed apWtwasxwBreddewnhUftroat.^PreBe^y he raited himself m fiB*** Ski^ishmaa'e atroag aim ;, aimd Ins ahonUlsrs, itammeiea," 1 am aens Llentamant Laaoant, and ttelaansb is gunboat Flamboyant. Bhe atUkhsn Utree weeks, •ad the Ben^gsB liej *— ygaeanit—aaDpaa the river tx aid, nd#n men stay. Miey du too bnt one**»4*e«o in ««noe—here Lee whlstied toffly^»ndCrosston bnfee in, provision case. „ , " What's this —aonp. JWoe-aonte ouldldy," be said." there's a galley beyond the bolkhesd. Look aronnd-for-wlne^^the Frenohmen always cany that Hallo, he a ^Iff, hnrry with thorn thlnga," sod _ng down .again, lie looeod Hie sick • tunio and dialed Ids,bands.. By the time. the steaming aonp. was brought, the lieutenant oame round, and dosing it liberally with .generous wine, Orosstan fed him with a. spoon tmU he gasped, " Je vons remerole, yon are vet' AH Englishmen are not—the Company Bnyale da Niger; they refuse me drags when Senegali all mck." Oroaston spang te bis feet. " May -the oomp&ny; be condemned and all its works," he eaid. " If they had their way, there'd be no one else is the creeks ;bnt Joe Hint doesn't own all the Niger yet, thank gsodnesa for the Protectorate." Then he abused the Chartered Company, fluently and forcibly for five minutes—and he never repeated an adjective either. " Ah, he is droll oe monsieur, hot I do not understand,"-said the Frenohman, with the ghost of a smile in his eyes; and Lee answered, " Yes, he's a unique swearer, even for Africa, and the Company doea Ita best to crowd as eat.*' Then he added gently, "Boyez tranqtdl. monsieiir, we'll take owe ef yon- -Sleep^ow,"—and laying the feeble fama-gently dawn, he ba&ed; the hot forehead with vinegar, and the lientenant's eyes nhtt^. "Jack," add Lte, "has It ever struck you that virtue is its own reward ?" No," was the answer; It's generally the other way abont. There's no room for -virtue In Afrioa," "Always dense/! said iiee. "Hera-we have a launch fit te steam teo ksots, two """•Mm gnns, and - coal. \VhaVs to -prevent ns going right throngh the creeks now,' acd bringing eat Jim-and tberubber, in thefaoe e>f all the asvagres on-the mger Oroeston smote his thigh. "Well do it," he said. "The.rivBr'* rising fast; and we oan heave her off tomorrow, bnt you'll have to wsrk aa yon never did in yoar life," and he. added, ehmdding, "A little rough on the French navy, isn't it I" Then the tllenoe of Afdea settled down. Xhe Kroo men were fast asleep in the oanaee,Iiee lay la deep ahmibar upon-the opposite locker, while Croaston, the impulsive, in spite of the fatigue he had sndergone, and the labour tbM lay betere him on. the marrow, kept watch by the Frenohman'adde, moistening the blaakened lipa from time to time. Before the sun rose acrosa the palms, a.; ball of dingy smoke streamed alefticomtte, laonch's funnel, for every trader cn.the- t Nlger knews hew to run a lannoh; and,, o amid much ahenting, repes were takm sat,. and made fast te the trees on the opposite bank. The little winch.panted and hammered under every pound e£ steam ; the Kroo boys hauled and yelled ; the propeller whirled np the foam; and, at-lalt,--with a sucking beneath her keel, the vessel slid ont ef the mnd and was onoe more afloat. -Lee oame op from the engine oodeptt—a disreputable, ragged object, smeared with rut, coal dost, and grease but there .-was triumph in Us eyes, «nd he4amad towards Crossten, who was breathless with bawling at the Kroo boya, and said— "When you've quitezzaed lipyotxr profanity, perhaps you'll get those rapes aboard, and take charge -while I go-down and look after the Frenohman.. -As he did so, his oompanion took the wheel, *nd-the laimch-churned her way up aside creek. Three days passed, and then they steamed op a winding river reach, just as-the vapours were before the «•»«»«•£ A ragged ehirt, flapping from the bongh of a dead oottenwood, caught Crosstcn's <eya, aad though he was half dead from want of sleep he broke out inte a wild "Hnmh." Then a rattle ef flint-look guna brake the stillness, and wreathes of bine vapeur- rose above the low-lying mist; and, - •wrtntwly ilini, thi white nan m after canoe stealing through the thinning vapour. ** Get hold of the wheel. I've never used a manhlpe gun before, but I'm going te try it now," said Croaston; and, running forward, he knelt behind -the -shield in the bevs. As he did so, Lse said, "Justin time, there's Jim'e rifle, thank heaven/-' and the aharp, ringing oraah of-a heavy ezpreas echoed tarioe aorgss the forest. The trader ewnng the long, brown band on its pivot, then worked the lever with mlghtandmain. The bows of the lanaoh were veCed insmake, out of whloh came a snoonainii of grinding reports, and a shower of steeMippedprojectiolea hurtledthrongh the oottonweoda,Bnd struck np -spouts at alime amid the swamps ; while a swarm of oanees shot out from beneath the overhanging bushes,-and with the paddles whirling madly flew away-up the river. Dont think I hlt anything, but I frightened them anyway," arid - Oroeston, as the "chunk efaitnk"«f paddles grew fainter and Utter. " Jnst at well, for the Protectorate might have made trouble, and I dont knowhow to work the cartridge band in rasntiiey oome back," and -arith a eoream- from iier whistle the launch want ahead. A few minutes later, her bows touched the bank, aod« haggard European• walked wearily onboard, and after,* hasdegrip allround, eald qaletly, "In glad you'reoooe. A Infcnf huhmmi J»«i>« hmZ. fffgnd for a week, and kept me ao watoh night and day: X{thought.-they ware,-gaing-te rash me at last; but when did joa get the launch?" Oroeston teld Ae story, and -the oewoomer chuckled aa he liatened. " You're a wonderful man, Lee/' he said. "If they, planted you naked in the bush you'd torn op la three months, -dad-in purple and gold, and leading an army. Ifs too goad a joke—three -palm oil ruffians annexing a part of the French navy.. Give me something te eat, then well get the robber on board, and dear - -before our friends oome back." Jack Creseton went dewn te i&assurethe; Frenchman, but he was.caving In -malaria' ddirinm, and miderstoed nothing of all that had happened. All that day the white man and Kroo -boys -waked rwith desperate energy, in spite of fatigue and boning heat. Calabash after oolabash, and coil jifter oail, of vboous, green robber,. was stowed away, and at sunset the launch-was -steaming at half-speed down the winding creek, her deok crowded- with black hands, while a grinled Kroo boy held the wheel. ThB three tiadera lay abeut on the cabin floorings, utterly, worn suit, ftnj* -when the sick Lieutenant opened his eyes,-andsat feebly op. Cross ton making desperate efforts to keep awake, fed him with the food already prepared. Lifting a glass of wine to his lips with a trembling hand, he said, feebly, "My friant, I am better cew, and the madness la gone, grace a votes -boulre ; but what is thi*—this emelldWifer ;"' •> Odour ef hades," translated Jim,--and he smiled, for if there is - anything more nauseating., than -the Mid smell of taw African rubber It must bs very hard to.flnd, and Orosstonsemewhatriieepishly proceeded to explain matters. When he grasped the situation, the riek man's dim eyes sparkled, and he etid, "You sure a wonderful people, you Angi.i.—lad this man hold the creek alone; but we French fight for la glorie—wirt you it 1s always the trade. Ten have been ver* kind to me; the launch it does not matter, but the kindness, yea." -" Yes, yea, that's all right; lie down and sleep, You'ke oomhig nund in style,^and we're off lor the coast now," said Oroarten. Than he turned toUi eomps^ans. " The old way ofwaiting iintil the niggers bring you bad mbber la play ed -out ; the new is ta look jor it one's eelf. Well beat the Accra pradoct yet.. Bnt the first thing wede 1s to get Major Everard to.^oertlfy that the swamp Is in Paoteotocatedemaina, or the great Company ,wflltake it-fmm na And new I'm dene ^np. jSood«^ht,all-'" Very socn the: tJlLBSy of ths^trogla night was oidy broken by the throbbing of the enj^ne^jmdthegBr^l^wash^thejtppeller.asthelauniaiateamedalong, Qreat was the astonishment of jkhe white offidalS Hof theNignProteotarate, when a week later, the launoh. ateemed up the Warri. -river, and the rnbber gatherers moored bar alongside the Consulate. The AWA Oeret«tmaat«ffigerln A^jss heard the ijtaiy, ,^i}«nt7i)tte^a,£i ^ langhter. "Great Is the power rf efEronteij," ha odd, " bnt I think yos'd better itot use that launoh any more. It might make trouble. Yes, those swamps an in the Protectorate, and I can give yea ptpers to srork ttien^i VslH wil|»mw« to»»| •t ant, oc-Hm '#wat» WMia "wM have, wriggled them mto theTSCaenpany'fi grip > eomehow." Theinbber was landed and shipped to TCngj^rfl, -w^T* It tonight Brndifttltprioaa, which all Jfce KIger Coast Protectorate officials—save- aac *re -famed, ^is sissk Frennhman was nenmvnrt and cared for at the Conanlate, where the lannoh lay -until the.Eunboat.*'Flamboyant", ctme down fiie KwaLrza,andaent a«rew froja Foroadoe forher- By the .'time this: happeaad, the! three advectoma were baok again in tie wild bush :with, a stronger expedition.' Whether the -grateful Frenchman told all the etory is doubtful, but to their intense ssrpriBe, when the three .came down out of the forest, many mrmBis .afterwards, they found a pared aad letter waiting them at Warn. The letter onntaftiBrt the thanks of the French Government for their oourageous &ud; humane resens of a navy officer, and the .pared two gold watches with inasriptaons upon t-hem, ° WeU," said L?e, ."I never expected this. I wcmder what they'd have given ns if we'd borrowed the big gunboat too, and filled her fall of palm dl. Wall go and look Leaoant ap some day at Toulen, for well-, be xibhmenyetff that swamp holds out a bit." Europeans die off .very fast In' West Africa, and the entire white population Is. changed every three or four years, but a -goodstory llvee,-and there is one that will long be told—and t&at; is how three .palmofl rnffianB borrowed a veeeel cfthB Freach navy to bring down their evil-smelling rubber through the Higer creeks. It was told the writer in a British Consulate- 