COOLGARDIE CHATTER. . _ - (By Parramatta). Your resident correspondent, " Bathurst," having been seized by the fever fiend last Monday and hurried off to the local hos pital, the task of providing the weekly pabulum has devolved once more upon yours obediently, " Parramatta." # # # A word or two as regards the journey up from Perth. I left the insanitary city on the banks of the beautiful Swan at 5 p.m. on Saturday, the 23rd ultimo, and arrived at the goldfields' capital at 12.30 p.m. next day, thus occupying 17 hours en route. This is a few hours less time than when the contractors had control of the line from Boorrabbin. For this little saving of time travellers are duly grateful, as the trip, especially from Northam upwards, is per haps the most monotonous on any line of railway in the world. # # From Perth to Southern Cross there are abundant evidence on every hand of progress, improvement and settlement. Especially so is this observable at Midland Junction, where an embryotic city is fast supplanting the primeval forrest. The buildings already erected and the numerous others in course of construction are of an extensive and per manent character, proclaiming the fact that this centre is destined in the near future to become a place of much import ance. # # # Beyond Midland Junction the train runs over a newly constructed track across the Darling Eange, and although vastly superior to the former course, has one great drawback in the shape of a lengthy tunnel through the summit of the range, which, being unprovided with ventilation apertures, . subjects travellers to an un pleasant experience of darkness, dust and smoke, which is almost suffocating. # # # Night had overtaken us ere we reached Northam, where a stoppage of thirty minutes enabled us to refresh the inner man. I cannot speak in the highest terms of praise regarding the catering in the vicinity of the railway — which is situated at the extreme west end ef the town — so I would advise intending travellers to pro vide their own creature comforts and thus avoid the risks of unpleasantness con- seauent upon the rapid consumption of coarse food indifferently cooked and execrably served. Resuming our journey, the sight of the well-lighted shops of Nor tham and the many persons traversing the footpaths proclaimed that this erstwhile commonplace agricultural centre is enjoy ing a full measure of the prosperity that has now overtaken the land of the swan. # # # Leaving Northam and the last ranges of the Darling foothills behind, our locomo tive travels onwards over that vast tract of depressingly level country which stretches with unvarying monotony to Kalgoorlie. For a time our interest was excited by the fierce bush fires which raged at short intervals on either hand. But familiarity soon bred contempt, and weariness over coming the occupants of our compartment, heads sank on breasts in fitful slumber, and in this condition we passed the long night. # # # # At daylight we steamed into the mori bund mining village of Southern Cross, where a short stay enabled those who desired to do so to "refresh." From the cursory glance I was enabled to take at the Cross I was unable to note any improve ment in the place. In fact it looked as dead and inert as it did eighteen months ago, when the temporary enlivenment caused by the railway stopping their was withdrawn. The ghost of the " immortal " Deeming still stalks through this ghastly , village, andjevidently blights it with its curse. Many of our passengers craned their necks from the carriage windows to catch a glimpse of the late dwelling of Deeming, which appears to be the only place of note in this dismal locality. Each one in that crowded train had heard of Deeming" and his infamous exploits, yet I doubt if there was one who could tell the names of those intrepid explorers who fought their ' way through sand and scrub to this then remote locality, guided in their onward steps by that brilliant constellation from which the place takes its name. # # A uniformly dull level plain covered with dwarf scrub, broken at intervals with wretched belts of timber, prevails from the Cross to Coolgardie,- and it is only on arrival . within very close proximity to this latter- day city we fully realise we are within the Golden Zone. From the dull quiet of the scrub we suddenly emerge upon a scene of bustle and activity. As the train draws up at the temporary and wholly unsafe plat form of discarded sleepers, the pile3 of merchandise, the shouts of newsboys, the cries of porters and public caterers, the sight of the : glittering iron roofs of the city with its calico and hessian environment, proclaim the power of gold, and the energy and skill of those men from the East, who, having pushed their way into the trackless and arid desert, are now engaged founding a great city where the salmon gum, the mulga bush, and spinifex struggled for existence. Four months had I been recruiting by the banks of the Swan. Four short months ! and yet what a marvellous change had been wrought in the appearance of Coolgardie. Its growth and expansion in that little time is marvellous, and as there is every prospect of this growth being continuous, it remains for the imagination to picture what it may be in the course of a few more years. # # # Like the blossom just opeuing its petals to the sunshine, and yet having the canker worm eating at its heart, so Coolgardie, spreading itself out under the fostering leaves of prosperity, nourishes the fell demon of typhoid in its bosom, and all who would seek to better their fortunes in our midst must be prepared to find a grave in lieu of gold. The hospital is now full of victims, notwithstanding the ample addi tions which have lately been made to its space. During the latter part of last week many who sought an asylum Avithin its Avails \vere refused admittance. # # A spirit of dissatisfaction is abroad at the Avholesale exemptions Arhich are being granted on every centre of the goldfields. In consequence of this thousands of men are without employment. . No one can con jecture Avhy these exemptions have been alloAved. As they are being granted upon any and every pretext, the surmise Avas that the Avardens Avere acting under in structions trom the Mining Department, but this has been dispelled by the denial of the Minister.for Mines, in reply to a depu tation Avhich aa'aited upon him last Aveek. What will be the outcome of this is hard to foresee. That there Avill be great dis tress upon the fields is certain ; in fact it is already existent and becoming each day more acute. Many of the miners have resorted to dry-blowing as a means of subsistence, but this industry has afforded a very meagre return for a long time past. # # # # Coolgardie has always been noted for its dust storms. Last Friday we were visited by one which broke the record for density and disagreeableness. The day had been fearfully hot, and late in the afternoon a violent gale sprang up from the west. This brought with it a vast cloud of dust gathered from the Southern Cross road, and carrying it to the toAvn, completely enveloped it in one vast cloud of dirt which completely hid it from vieAV for a long time. No pen can adequately describe the horrors of a dust-storm — it must be experienced to be appreciated. Neither man nor beast could face the one on .Friday last, eacn ana ail naa to turn tau and seek shelter. The only Avay to obtain the slightest immunity from the assault of the dust demon is to roll yourself well up in a blanket until it has passed aivay. Fortunately Avhen the recent storm Avas at its height a little rain fell and, to a great extent, alleviated the intense discomfort. # # # # There is no Avord yet of the capture of the " road agents " who relieved the two mine-managers of £750 recently on the Londonderry-road, although it is believed the police have a clue which may eventu ally lead to the apprehension of the high- Avaymen. # # Two of the editors of local papers are endeavouring to emulate those infamous- persons knoAvn as Potts and Slurk, late of EatansAvill, England, and are filling their columns with personal diatribes against each other, much to the disgust of the sensible section of the public. The irony of it is that both these editors are aspir ants for Parliamentary honours. It would be well if they learnt to control their passions before seeking to guide - the destinies of the colony. 