HUMOROUS READING. , -m.- I A HEARTLESS THING. I " See here. Joe Naggley, there'e jost ono thing I want to ask yon," said Mrs. Nagglty just as her husband had lighted hie pipe and settled himself comfortably for on hour's rept and piece. '. All right," he replied. " ABk away," " Oh yee 1 Answer me hi that utterly indifferent way. I never knew you 11 take the slightest interest in anything I had to say 1 But I want yon to give mu a direot and true answer to this question, and not meet it with the contempt end ridicule with which you meet nearly everything I say to ; you. Other wives are tra i tod with respect when they ask a question or prefer a request, bat I-ob, well, I'm UBOd to it. What I : want to know, Joe Naggley, Is simply thia j -lr I died would you give my children a silly, foolish, unfeeling young thing for a I stepmother f Now would you- or-O yes I I would Isttzh if I were you ! ' Clever man laughed at the woman he lovait I' " But I might have known better than to have asked the simplest question of you 1 I might have known how yon wonld luugh and jeer and' snetr nt me I What I Any man wi.uld laugh at such a ¡question as that ? You ara mistaken, »ir I A true man, a mun with the first atom of feeling would mi'et sneh a qnomion with sympathy and wonld give his wife the satisfaction of knowing that her wishes would be respected in his ohoioe of a wife, but yon-what 1 I'll liva to be a great grandmother yat 7 Tes, you ure afraid that 1 will, that'« what you art) 1 I will if I cnn, I oan tell you that. You Bhall never carry out your intention of bringing some light-headed, silly thing hero to undo all that I've done for our ohildrcn and make them as silly as herself ! You've as good as owned np that you would marry that kind of a wife, and I've felt for a long time that you would, but you'll get the chane-) first 1 " My lunga are not strong, and I've had a good many sympt iras of heart weakness^, but I-what J My tongu i is alright J After Buch a deliberate and brutal insult UB that I decline to «it another minute in the same room as yon. I will go up and sit with the ohildren, who will never have a stepmother if the Lord will only givo rae strength to endure your ornolty until tho ohildren aro old enough togo into houses of their own 1 Then I shall die gladly I You heartless thing ?" RATIONALS. Tho Judge-Whioh is the plaintiff in this OUR« ? The Plaintiff-I- am tho plaintiff, your Honor. The Judge-I thought tho wife waa the plaintiff ? Tho Plaintiff-I am tho wife, your Honor. Tho Judge-Tb-thn dictais you are I Tho Plaintiff-I trust your lordihlp enter tainB nn prejudice against tho habiliments of tho iNow Woman, Tho Judge-Me I Oort iinly not, At tho same time I foci lt my duty to inform you that you don't stand tho ghost of a ohanuä with this jury, ' Tho Plalntiir-Why not, my Lord 7 Tho Judge-btcauso thoy ara all married SHrlll voioo from tho jury-box-No, wo aren't 1 Four of u J are married women 1 Fond Lnver-"Slr,your daughter ia the apple of my eye." Ilor father-" Young mun, you hud bittir oousult aa oculist." Tho bilrtu : '. Why d i you fitny a*ay from h une ovurv night, Fred ?" Husband : " It must he tho result of tho li »bit acquired wiiiio ooori.inir you." Tho eolf-mndi man was speaking. Ho said-" My father was n raiser of hog*, There was a largo family of UP,"-and thou hh volco was drowuu < la applanss, " Piiíonur, tho juy han daolired you Riillty." "Oh, that's all right, my loni i you're too intolligrfnt a man, I think, to bo Inlluonacd by what they eay." Toddy -" I tell vou lt's MO," Nellie-" 1 sny it is not." I cd ly-" Well, mamma Bays it's S3 ; and if mamma says lt's so, it's so even if it isn't HU." Mm. Matrox : ;" Tell mo, professor, will my daudlUc ov-r heoimo a groat plantar, I" Herr Voglcsohnitzl« : " I gannet dell." V But has she uono of the qualiiloations necessary for a gool rawdolw ?" "Aoh I Yah, mutam. she has two liaudts." . " What d> you think of an nrtlsi who paint'd cobwebs on the ceiling so truthfully that thu lorvunt wore herself Into an attack nf nervous prontntion trying to «weep thom down 7" " Thoro might have been au oh an artlBt, lint never such a servant," Mrs Cookaigne ¡ "Only think. Mrs Mul- ligan, that bnhv of Mrs Finnigln's fell from tho top of Sardine Mode) Dwellings, Im« lit on a bundle of bedding, bless 'Is little 'art, and wa-n't 'urfc a hit I" Mrs Mulligan: 1 Poor woman 1 an' she wid alvin nv thlui ter Bupnnrt 1" . Rossini wa> ono diy dlsoovcred nt tho plano with a oopy of " Tnnnhanser " before him, only the musio flfnt.d on tho rook upside down. 11 What nrc you doing thero, maestri) !" asked his visitor. " Don't you «ne? I nm trying ti understand Wngne', and I onn't manngu it." "Butyou have got the muslo tho wrong way."- " ob.-I tried it the otht-r way and it was no better." " How disappointing Murguurito oan bn ! I shall never tiust her again." " She ls trying. What has she dono now!" " LaBt week I made her promise not to rep°nt a pleau of gossip I (old hir, expecting af ooureo, that every ono would know it before the day WOB over-lt's Mnrgnoritii's wav, you knuw-and on Saturdny, when I thought the thing would have txkeo effect, I found abe had never told ii soul I How oan ono depend on such n girl 7" A ourlons contretemps at Church 'cour red tho other day nt a lopular » at'ling pino?, Atter nn elaboróte so'Vion, nt which a Colonial Bishop nan stwd. tile Bishop nod clergy retired for a moment, ti chango their vustmont* preliminary lo tho Hermon whioh hi" Lordship was to preach. When thiy rntiirned tho ohnrch wns empty ¡ the con (.rogutlon hod dispersed, for they thou (ht all was uvor. " I'm coing to thom Klondike go'dflelds, Molly," he said, .' but I onn'o take you with ron, bronnm they don't allow womo i out thrr¿- thoi'd bu too much in tho way.'' "Om't lielu it John," was tho reply. " If yon go. I go-an' thur, mttloti it." " Why, Molly,"-" Don't talk to mo I If I wuza't thero, \ouM dio o' homfsicknena in a week. 'Ju t think o'yon gol n'to bud on nsiow bank willi your pnoki-t9 full o' (fold, an' no woman to git up in thi> nitfht an' go through 'em I Yon onnldu't staid it, John ; it 'ud ho too much for yon I" ° Tho modem history clan waa In sesión. II Willlo," naked tho tendier, " who WIIB Glndatono?" "Excno mn, Miea Bulger," »aid Willie, " hut ouuhtn't that to be. whd is Glutlftono ?" " Pibsihly." replied tho' t' nchcr, som"whtit nbntihod, " Bat-who ls Olndetono !" .. Ho's tho man-" begon Willie. " YPS," enid Mips nulgor. onoour niringly. *'Ile'« the mun after whom the Olndsloni' hng wa* nnmed," paid Willlo. 