ASTOUNDING LOCOUOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPE HOPE. HELD TO BE SO BY IEDICAL MEN THE WORLD -OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. TESTIMONY. (From the "Australian Workman.") Our rprepentative mode his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown.lane, Ultimo. MSr Jarvis is one of tie best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. lie was discovered nursing a hbaby, and his face declared him to be ono of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary queations, he said : You want to know all about my case! \VWell I am glad to have an oppor. tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to these who are stricken as I was." "low long were you suffering V "About five-and-half years ago I met with an acncident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. From tihe date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual develop. ment of locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my bilet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms!' "Simply indescribable. The pains were somietlhig terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no cona trol over my bhowels or Iladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I I was incessantly shivering and shaking, andtl could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, ad hlie told nme that my case was utierly hopeless. I camen home and went to bed, and have ileen in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I wee under hint for five or six weeks. Its come to the conclusion that I was auffering from Loco mtotor Ataxia or Irogressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, char. auterised by peculiar disttrbonces of gait, and difficulty in co.ordinating voluntary movements. ie told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never gat the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show ithat medical opinion is nt Infallihle.) " Vell, just as a drowning man will grasp at i straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adrestisement describing the cure eliceted in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. William,' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advestise. ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a tial anyway, and sent for a box. The ellffect was magical. I was able to eat anld sleep as though nothing was tile matter sith me. It was the first appetile and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imlmediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick anti was gradually but surely reeover ing my former vigour and vitality. You see thoso crutches there? They are peifectly ntew, and I have never used them. They were made for mte before I gut the Pills, but I was too weak to use themn, and now I don't aant them." M.rs Jarvis who had come in, and taken the bbity on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills sared his life and made another tnna of hinm," A frient who called in at this point said that Jarvis had, looked ten years younger that day than be did a short time back. "I can now," continued Jaivis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling hss come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you knowIhave to lie in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I ant better to.day than I have been at any time during the past flee years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now what. ever, andll feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of Opium and M.orphia Pills which tihe doctor gave one to deaden the excruciating pain. Bat they ea0 stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can thrdly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here," WHAT MR. LABOUR-LEADER M'OOWEN KNOWS. Mr J. S. T. Ml'owen, M.P., leader of thue alour party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was also seen in connection with the re markable case of Mr Thomas Jarvie. lie says Ie has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that lie had to give up his work at Globe Island abattoirs owing to a manlady which he developo . lie lftrrwtrds heard that J.rvir was hidden, ani that there was lit'le chance of his recovery, Ite understood Jarvis was rifusetd adlnia,ino at the Sydlney HIospital, as his cre Iill been pronounced incurable. ar M'Gowan was thireflor,, like eveyn else else who knew the fcts, astoundel at the complete recovery of Jarvis. )Dr. Williams' P'ik Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the core of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rleumntlim,n tcitiC?, bbhago anl neuiralgia, anid ie fluenzt's evil after etlcls, and are a specilic for all diseases of wotien, snch as anotultia, pour ianI wlitrey bllool, feiale iiregulariti ,, ervou beadleh, and hysteria. They are not a puIreative meiicdie, but brace op and permmuenily strengthen the whole system. Dr. WlVi.utm.' P'ink Pills are ohtainohle from all I?adin¢ chemists, or from the Dlr. W'illiaiin 'ilidioito Cop(nloaOtI, Solboliury hailulln, O Qulee il-t , lellllutlrn. who iill forwiardl (post poid), on recoipt of stillps or post order, 1 iaox for 2s91 or tlal dloze~n for lg 3d. 