WHO ARE THE DOOMED 1 TO THE EDITOR OP THE AGE. Sir, — As iv Catholic priest, tolerably ac quainted with Catholic theology, I protest in its name against Mr. Kitchen's theory of exclusive salvation. The Catholic Church has condemned it in condemning dnnscnism as anti-Christian. She mam- tains that our blessed Saviour died to save all men, and that He gives, in His infinito mercy, sufficient grace to all to work out their salvation. This is a fundamental article of her creed, and though Sydney Smith tells us it is as easy to root out inveterate -prejudice from the obstinate mind as "to poultice tho humps off a camel's back," I take tho liberty of merely stating it as an authentic and unquestion able fact of history. Cardinal Manning, in the preface to his admirable work, "In ternal Working of the Holy Ghost," thus expresses it. Dealing with the universal office of tho Holy Spirit in the soul as dis tinct from his special office in the church, ho says: — "Tlie universal office of the Holy Ghost dates from the creation, and at this hour still pervades, by its operations, the whole race of mankind. It is true to say, with S. Ironaeus, 'Ubi ccolesia ibi Spiritus ('where the church is there is the Spirit'); but it would not lie true to say where the church is not, neither is the Spirit there. The operations of tho Holy Ghost have pervaded the whole race of men from the beginning, and they are now in full ac tivity, even among those who are without the church; for 'God will have ail men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth. I. Tim., ii., 4. Later on, in speaking of the virtue of faith, lie con tinues:— hrom the beginning the Holy Spirit of God has dwelt in every created soul and wrought in every man born into this world. No soul will be cast out of the peace of God into eternal darkness which might not, if it had only put forth the will, have dwelt with God for ever. God easts no one away. He deprives no soul whom Ho has made of the grace of sal- vntion. Even throughout the heathen world the Spirit of God is present, working in the hearts of men. . If they fail of eternal life the failure is in their own will and not in the will of God." Tho Catholic Church lias been so often charged with religious intolerance in her teaching by blind bigotry and ignorant fanaticism— fruitful parents of many errors and of much wrong — that I have no doubt this must he news indeed to her enemies. But it is her teaching, and accordingly our faith, and no Catholic at all can hold the horrible theory which Mr. Kitchen puts forth with such an or thodox nir of self complacency, that the 800,000,000, two-thirds of the whole human race outside the Christian fold— or, as lie phrases it, the CO heathens who die every ininute — go to a "hopeless grave and a CJmstless eternity." It is anti-Qatholic because anti- Cliristian.— Yours. &c..; 21st July.", VERITAS. 