Thf Shadow oiWrmis. CHAPTER XI. BEHIND; A MASK. Joioo blushed, and answered in tbo affir mative. ' A 6ne lad, that, Miss Harwood.1 Joioo made no nntwer. ' If -tbo*doea not becoino »u oruameut to his i.iofe^ion.'lBtn' maoh' mistaken in nry obU nieto of his meotsl powers. Ho makes an in valuablo asaistnnt.- ? ' . .. . ThV young lady did no.t fed onllod upon to joia the dootorjn sounding 'the praiaes of ono wl.o was jdunjj rind bandsome'.' ' ' ?Pray, dootor, how is 'Mrs. Brogden? Bhe asked'; presently, ; With a donht at her besrt as she did so. ?Apparently belter; but, alas! I feel there is something wrong in one of the vital organs of life. Hor aotivity is leBB of the b'bdy tban of the mind ; it is not a. healthy aotivity. Do yon know, Miss Harwood, that Emily is- tho slave of-1 tbe ? most foolish fancies, arid' ttisii one of them is, ' that I, of all men in the world, am in love with another woman'.' - .Joioe started, and murmured, 'Indeed. * YeB, indeed. She says', poor 'thing; that nhe has seen the woman in .her. dreams ; and Bfao p'ropbeoies that, afteVhor own death, the woman will become my wife. Foolisb, is h,n6t2$ , \: : '; ''?'? '?.'?.?: ''Very.' 'Sol say. Bat there is no driving the nonsense, out of Emily's, head.. ..She says I know -as 'well ?aH-'sh61knows 'that thore is living at this moment a woman whom I love, who is young and beautiful, and mast per force, if eves against her own will, beoome my wife after Emily is dead. She says that I have woven a spell aronod this woman from which she can never free heraelf, and that sooner or later she mutt be mine.' '.How absurd I' ezolaimed Joioe; bat, looking ap, she met the bright, searohing eyes or Benjamin Brogden, and trembled in spite of herself. Then she blashed hoi as if in shame; 1 Well, I mnst go,' said- Brogden, rising, and stretching oat his hand with a gracious bow. ' Good morning,' : ' Good morningi dootor.' ' .... * As he walked hastily towards the lodge, ho seemed violently angry. ? ' S '-;- ' There is danger. Her thoughts are else where—with that oursed Linley.' ' ' So he reached the lodge. Dr, Brogden took the reins of his horse from Harris ; but there was no kind word of consolation on this- oooasion, and Harris mar velled muob. Dr. Brogden rode away, only giving a nod of thanks to the man, and he rode slowly along the road in the direction of Oaverford. The wind was sharp and cold, and Dj-.Brsigden thought an angry wind.- It took^up^ the brown, crisp leaves tha{t oovered the'rosd, and twirled them round about and np and and down fantastically. They whirled about the.horse's legs and beat them fiercely as if th«yjnjflbed to'drive th'e horse 'and rider sway. They crawled along tbe earth, then flew up into the air and turned somersaults defiantly.'' Dr: . Brogden pasted on, and his eyoB gleamed r strangely. The' thoughts which were revolving. in his mind were gloomy, and thf t bland smile of his was gone. ? His lips were firmly closed, and his brows contracted ; but very calm was Dr. Brogden. The fire burned and seethed within, hut Etna was cold and dark without.- Tbe mask - was turned a very little way aside, and Dr. Brogden peered out from behind. ? ' . * ;' My influence, he murmured, ' is oonnter aotod by that of- some other. Bat mine must oonquer. The weaker must sncoumb to the stronger. Have I not proved myself strong?'' .. Dr. Brogden raised bis 'head and looked aronnd as if he would have Nature answer him.'-''-- ?';'??' ?-???????? Lieutenant R. Tillery rode by and saluted the .dootor; he returned the salutation, and again muttered to himself— 1 Fools, fools, passing on through lifo un conscious ' of the giant larking within each breast. Bat better ho, for those who win the. knowledge nre the stronger for the ignorance of tbeir fellows. She ahull succumb.' The shade gradually passed away from his faoe. . He was just entering the village, and the bland, benignant smile crept from the corners of his mouth up to .the roots of his hair, then disappeared, and left tbe faoe oslm and intellectual., i,* I' Lord 'save and keep your honour,' oriod a little, ragged 'old woman, hobbling oloso up to the side of the horse ; ' Lord save and' keep your hoqoor ; but would ye ! spare even » copper for a poor jjnld woman V . v Dr.: Brogden bent down from, his horse and plaoed something in her ;haha. ' : f ??- ?Ocb, thin, may the blessing's 'of Heaven attend and wait upon yer honour.' The old1 woman hobbled off, calling down! all the sngels to watob over tbe dootor, and' the little knot of men' who were 'standing at the door of the Bed Lion pointed him out as a paragon of benevolenoe. The dootor passed on, and the sharp, cold wind took op his praise and carried it along the village and in at the door of each house. On arriving at his home, Dr. Brogden found a big, clumsy-looking countryman in theBtndy »tith George Linley ;'' he1 was a man in years, bnt hale and fresh, dressed in. ooarsc, home-made ofothos, cat in no parti cular fashion. This wae Bob Whaatley, one of the oldest faros servants at Heath' horis'o ' Here is a messenger from my: mother, said Linley, on the entranbe of tbe dootor. ?She has got somo unfortunate girl at the bouse who is very ill, and you bio wanted immediately.' 'I am afraid,' replied the dootor, « that I must bo exouaod. You had better go your self, Qeorge, and if the oaso sboold be' really dangerous, I can go to-morrow.' Llnloy was anxious to attend to the matter, for, ss it was to his own homo be was to go, it was moro of a pleasure than a duty. He left tbe room to prepare lor his journey. Dr. Drogdon sat down in his easy chair before the fire. Ho warmed his bands, tbon ?Tabbed them togethor. Bob sat on ono notner of a ohair near tbo door, turning bis yride- awake hat about in his hand. . ' And how are . tbe pooplo at tho farm V blandly inquired tho dootor. ?Thoy be all well, sir, tbank you. sir,' answered Bob, attempting to make a bow without rising from his goat. . ' ' Humph, I am glad to hoar It,' ; Tbe dootor held his hands before the fire, and then rubbed them together again. ' Tbe young woman who is ill is a stran ger, I understand.' r 1 Yes, sir ; thank yon, sir.' 1 What is her name V 1 T dunno that. She oame to our place with an old chop that plays on the fiddle wonderful.' , . »---,-. The dootor suddenly ceased ^robbing bis hands. ? ;' ; '? / ^ ' Would you know her name if you-1 heard it?' 'No; I never heard them call 'her by c(ny name.' . » « Did she go to Heath. House from Oavor ford ?' ??' ' ' I dnnno.' ? ;''?.-' 1 Humph, is she very ill ?' ? .- - 'Yes; she's been abed ever since Bhe came to our plaoe.' : ; ?'?? ,: Linley entered the room, ready to start. 'I think, George,' said. tbo doctor, risiqg from biB seat, - ? that it' will'be'necessMy.?0.11 me to attend to this case myself. Our friend here informs me that it ia very urgent.1 ' As you please, sir,' answered Linley, evidently disappointed. ' I will be ready for you in a few minutes, my Rood man.' « Yes, sir': thank you, sir.' Tho doctor loft the room. In a short time he returned, eqnippod' for the journey. He gave Linley some instructions in reference to several patients, and left the house. Bob had brought tbe gig with him, and the doctor jumped into the seat and took the reins. ?Jump up, my man,' said he to Bob, who stood uncertain what to do. : He scrambled into a seat. They were off. The dootor drove quietly i»wny from the village. ' The night was dark, and the wind high. Strange sobbing and moaning ; sounds flitted along the night. Only a few stars, peering now and then from behind dense' clouds, served to light tbo way dimly. The gig lamps were lit, and their reflected light stretched out along the sides of the horse, and away out£. befojej bis ( bead, like a groat white ghost oh life ground, Tbe dootor was muffled up to the chin in a large blaok oloak, and his large, dark eyes glared out from behind the lamps into tbe night with a strange brightness. Bob pulled bis wide-awake well over his head, buttoned np his cost, and pulled the collar up about his neck. Then he pot his hands into his pookets, batted his head against the wind, and considered himself comfortable. When thny had left Oaverford about one mile behind, the dootor whipped the horse into a rapid trot, and on they apod merrily. (To be Continued.) 