the house of blood. Tun HOVIB. The country folks wontd point at it and say that the western windows dripped with blood at ennset. Then thev would direct attention to the corn- fields around, where the poppies grew eo thickly. They spoke of strange figures that had been seen in the bine sha dows cf the pine trees. No man of them wonld walk past the bonse by night, and, if the master wanted any repairs done within, no man would do a whole day's work, lest the twilight should steal upon him there- He was a young Master — the last, it was hoped, of that ill-fated race. Iu the large, silent hou9e he eat alone, sur rounded by the gboBts of bis ancestors. How msny of them had been murderers or suicides ? It was in the blood, and since the last double tragedy he had been shunned by rich and poor. The rich avoided him because a man whose father had firet murdered his wife and then cut his own throat was no compa nion for their daughters. The yonng man's melancholy, haunting eyes, his solitary habits, the stories afloat about him and the queer old man-servant who lived with him at the house — these things made him an outlaw of society. The poor would have nothing to say to him because of his evil eye, or of the devil with which his rare seemed to be possessed, or the ghosts. He used to sit in his large house alone, listening to the rats rnshing round the wainscot, and the shiver of the pine trees outside. He had a book on heredity constantly in his hands. If his habits had been as well kuown as the legends about his forefathers, Racy's end would have been easy to prophecy. With a morbid, persistent fatality he did everything that would be likely to lead to the crisis he dreaded. Sometimes Racy wandered through the wood till he came to a spot wbero red heath grew. From a certain spot it looked as if Wood dropped from it ; and there he always stayed watching, with his sad eyes fixed npon it. The fancy of the conntry folk was his, too, and he went abont gathering all the scarlet flowers, looking for everything red. He would nnbinge his mind if not stopped in rime. The red pimptrnels that grew amongst the pine needles used to stare at him as he walked ; he never osme away without a handful of them. He gathered so many scarlet flowers that his path through the trees might be traced by fallen petals, like drops of blood to mark his way. Then he would return in time to tee the sun set in the roseate sky, and blaze from hit haunted windows. He need to look at the honse, and smile bitterly, and then go in and tell old Foley that he wonld never marry. "Naw, naw, Master Racy," the oid man wonld expostulate, " doant ee sav that ; it's a bonny bit lassie ol a wife as nd bs the makken of ee." "No, Foley, my man, I'll not be gnilty of risking ao much misery for a woman." The old man would shake bis head and bobble away. He could not follow his yonng master's reasonings, and he knew nothing of heredity. The Voice, Racy stood npon the lip of the hollow ground that divided bis land from Sir William Darcy's. It went sheer down into a stony river bed, long since dried up. One plnnge over, and the history of his family wonld be completed I He etared down, with his feet amongst the brambles. What was the good of life 7 What the harm of snicide ? And it mnet come in the end ; it was in hie blood. Three generations had filled hie veins with violence, eo that the sooner he spilt the last of their ill-fated blood, the sooner would the earth he relieved of the curse of sack a family. Thank heaven, he was the last of them I He looked down, and smiled to think of the battered, mangled body that might be lying there if he chose. Who would find it first ? Who lake home the news to old Foley ? Perhaps the old man wonld he sorry, bnt he must be accustomed to these things. In his boy hood something similar had happened to Humphrey Tador, Racy's grand father, aDd he could not have forgotten the ghaBtiier tragedy which ha) rohb'd Raoy of both hie parents in one night. Moreover, he bad often i old the inheri tor of all these things of other, still more startling legends of the Tndors. It wonld be qnite natural, the most natural thing in the world, for old Foley to find the last of them crashed into the ground down there, where no footstep ever disturbed the echoes. Racy raised, his head sharply, and listened. The. mellow Anting of a blackbird came softly from the wood behind him. Then sounded the faint, wild cry of a sparrow speared by a hawk. The "chir- cbir" of the grasshoppers rose inces santly from the blowing grass. Racy heard none of these things. Far away, stealing through the air till it reached him, be heard a human voice. It-was a gifl singing to herself. One after another the clear soft notes chased each other across the hollow, and fonnd their way into Racy's cars. They dropped note by note into his bnrning heart, and involuntarily he stepped back from the dangerous edge, and sat down to listen. A unman voiee — a girl s 1 Cnt off from humanity, bnt with the passions of humanity Barging through his veins, he est and . listened, and the girl, who thought she cang only to herself, poured tiis tender beanty of her voice into his sonL It iras fall of the abandon, the joy, :>ti>e liveliness of youth, and when tiieliad finished $er song, shesent um jjitnjg|api,And %MAled jto M dog, and then ehe mast have gone, for nothing bnt the grasshoppers and the bleokbirdB stayed with Racy — nothing bnt the memory of her voice. " 1 must go home," said Racy. The temptation for tbatdar was over. Perhaps to-morrow it wonld bs a shining knife, or bo might find some poisonous red berries. Dear heaven 1 how many ways a man can die I No voice rang ont a weicomi to the yonng maeter as he opened the heavy door. He ehnt it with a bang, and the empty armor rattle J and clanked, 'lie tapestry shook. The wind moaned through the empty rooms, or perhaps that moaning was only the dead men who could not rest. Racy was accus tomed to it ail, but to-day it struck him as dreary, for to-day he had heard a human voice pealing through the woods, singing for the joy of it. So ho knew that iin the world there was someone happy. He had never imagined such a thing before. He had thought the con ditions of life unfitted for happiness. His own loneliness and gloom pressed on bim still more heavily, beoanse some one in the world was happy. The Mektik#. The" sunshine burned npon the pop pies in the com, and buiet in slanting raye through the silent pines. Racy walked on, and the heat of the enn was s9 nothing to the fever of his hlood. No human joy fcr the descendant of the ill- fated honse. Someone was coming to meet him with a bnnch of wild red roses in her belt. She stood stiff, with redder roses dying her delicste cheeks, and rich red lips parted in SHdden timidity. Racy stood Btiil, too, and raised bis melan choly, bnrning eyes to her face. Then, with shy hesitancy, a email hand came ont towards him, en I a low, sweet Toice ssked bim if he had forgot ten ber. He was silent. " I Bnppose you have," she said, ' be cause you are a man ; but I, being a woman, tare not forgotten. It is ton years ago since I came on my last visit to Uncle William, and you were there every day, and were eo kind to the 1 ttle stranger. But you have forgotten." " No," he answered, " I have not for gotten ; unfortunately, no one can ever forget anything. But it is a long time ago, and many things have happened. " " Yes, I know." He was startled, and looked at her less dreamily. " You know ? And yet you speak to me ?" She elaucd down at her little hand which he had not taken. " I have beard all the absnrd things they say of you, and I have grieved over th9 shadow that has faHen on your life ; hut I cannot see why that shonld exclude you from the world, or why you should shun so ciety on account of it." " As for that," said Racy, laughing bitterly, " I have no choice and you forget— these things are in our blood." "Nonsense 1" cried the brave, bright voire ; and then Racy knew who had sung to him the other day. " That's nothing bnt a morbid faucy." While she spoke Racy started and shuddered. For a few moments be feit stunned, then he turned, and waiter away fast — faster, lie forgot h"r ; lie left her standing with the snu pouring orer ber red roses and reddtning h»r hair. He had not touched her, yet the dread color surrounded her, as if she, too, hslonged to the House of Blood. He went fast, for a stupendous thought was in his brain, it was knock ing wildly at his hrart, ixating in the temples, coursing through his body after the hot blood that swelled his veins. It nearly took away his breath, it upset the whole idea of his life, it terrified him, for it had come too suddenly, In the evening be went softly over the path where her feet bad come wan dering to bim. No new flowers had sprung from the brown earth. to mark her footsteps ; even in that spot where, she had stood to bim there was not a sign of her. What if those gentle, cheering ton-s had been learnt in the school oi coquetry ? Supposing she had epoken to him that ehe might laugh at him behind his back p If she had done it for a wager 7 Yet, it might not bi se, and possibly, possibly ehe might have been sincere in suggesting to him the wonderful thing that bal been iu his brain all day, and carried him through the hours without one thought of sui cide. Perhaps it was not inevitable that he should commit it I "I am the last of us," Slid Racy, " and I will be the last." Ha went home and told old Foley that he was never goiag to marry. " Aye, aye, me lad, ye're eaid that same eae aft that I be thinken it's a bonnie lassie ye'll he bringen heme one o' these days, and it's right glad I'll be to see it." The Dawn. The dawn stole into the yearoing sky. Out of the myeterions night it issued, preparing a golden pathway for the sun. snd through the dawn Racy passed, out of the House of Blood, into the lumi nous yellow light. The grass shone wah glittering dew- drops, and made a green way for Racy. The pimpernels uf h s wood bad become yellow butlf roups amongst grecu loaves, and blue forgei-mc no'.s iuxuriaiei i.i the marsh ; white daisies twinkled in the meadow. There was not one red fliwer for him to gather ; so he came to the low grey wall that bounded Sir Wil liam Darcy's grounds, Racy leaned npon the wall, snd drew deep breaths of early air. This was yonth, this was the exercising of the spirit of heredity. Even Racy might taste of a common pleasure in living with the domb things that were awake with him. She woke, it was early. She heard the birds calling to each other, and ehe went softly to her window. Far away she saw the Honse of Blood, with the morning light creeping ronnd it, and making the pine wood very dark. She thought of the Master, buried in the empty place, with his young, despairing countenance, and she felt a mighty pity in her heart. Racy looked np, snd be eaw ber at the window. She seemed to be looking far away in the direction- of the ill- omened honse. So wild a wish for her beret from his sonl that it was strange it did not compel her eyes down to him, leaning on the old stone wall. Perhaps it led her to him -after all, for when ehe had seen the. sun come orer the shoulder of the earth, she tnrned from the window, took her hat, and etole down the wide stairs and ont into the morning. She looked np and Raoy was there. "I have seen the break of day," he said, " and perhapB it is the morning of my life rising." " Of coarse it is," she said. " You have given np yonr morbid fancies, and are going to live a trne, strong life." " It may be," he said, looking long ingly into her clear eyes ; " but it is stiff so early, Winifred. Tell me where you hove been all these yoars." " I wss at home," she answered, "bnt I hove come here because my father and mother are dead. But I have not l"st them, I am not afraid, so I can go re joicing in my life. The dawn is onr promise of immortality." He looked out over the glowing Eky, and smiled. " Uncle William does not mnch like the disturbance I cause," continued Winifred, " eo I am going out into the world to see what I can do. I am only going to stay here a little time." He looked at her with astonishment. «' I am rather frightened," she eaid. smiling. "I do not know anything abont the world, or what I can do, bnt I am young." " It won't do," cried Racy, ' you can not go into the world." " I must," sbo said, "for I cannot stay whore I am unwelcome ; and I am not rich." " But I am, Winifred." She elarted from him panting. What was this he was saying to her ? " Yon know my history, and my fear, which yon have dispelled. You cam? to me when I woe on the brink of des peration, you laid the horror of my House, you drove the blood out of the sky, bdd the ghosts cut of ray soul. Winifred, Winifred!" The Day. He led her home, home to the House of Blood. Through the pine trees they went to it, hand in hand. The poppies waved no more amongst the yellow corn, for it had been cut down, and the poppies with it. The soull red pimpernels hal vanished in the first Autumn breath, and the sun set at a different angle. The windows of the honse no longer dripped with blood at sunset, He had led her home. If sudden h.ir- ror seized him at a quick relapse into his old habit of thopgbt, a small white hand wonld touch him, and ihe sun shine would break from his eyes, and the ebadows fly. One kiss bad mad- amends for a'l the ag"ny uf years. Old Foley watched them, and chuckled over them. He had known it all al.ODg, the tad old man. Perhaps his master might have looked higher for a lassie with wire wealth and station, but he could not have found a bonnier one in the length and breadth of the laud. Why was it that the country folk saw no more clmsts from the day Eh" come ? Why were they not atraid to walk in twilight hours through the haunted house ? Had one bright young fnee dispelled the silent liorr >rs of the honse in such a little time ? It w-nt up and down the g'ojniy passages, and into the empty rooms, until a chance caim np.-n the place, and the gioom and emptiness fled away. One year became another, and the legends of the house were forgotten by everyone but old Foley. He used to mutter on and on about tho things he had seen, when the room? hal been left in darkness and dirt. He told of hony fingers protruding through the armor in the hall, and of grinning skulls within the helmets. Racy's round eyed chii- iren listened to him, lint they thongtt he spoke of ages ago, when tin re were fairies as well as ghosts in the world. Other people sail he doted. Little WinDie gathered a large hunch of scarlet pop;ie?. Sbe brought them iu and scittered them all over her father ani mother. Racy laughed. 