.NETTA. I have no faith in ghosts; although I cannot say with that oft-quoted sceptic that Ib.hay,seen ten maa. to, believe in sean ivh t s.,'cas callhd?: ghost; - and a very childlike, innocent, and .pIathetic little ghost it was. - 1 was spending a few weeks at Pal lanza. on Lago afiggiore, and on a cer tain daya day of shower~s and sunshine, I was wanadering through one of those .shady,.highhedged lanes which skirt the town. n Sometimes. through a gateway, :I had a glimpse of an old, red-roofed .villa, and a garden one tangle of roses. Sometimes a turn of the road revealed the lake. gleaming like a shicet of bur nished steel; and mountains of a thun derous blue and portentous nearness, 'with here a rugged outline blurred by a grey haze of fallling rain, and there a rlong shaft, of sunlight kindling an emerald radiance from the wet hill-side :inastures. As I wandered past meadows and vineyards I presently heard a plaintive cry, something like the note of a :;fledgling calling to the parent bird, or ,\\\s it a child calling to its playmate? I walked on, listening and wondering, the sound was repeated again and again, monutonous unvarying,. .btLL indescrib ably sad. .A sudden turn ill the lane, and I came to a neglected gardell, one mnass of ver dure, with overshadowing trees, and vines trailing their luxuriant branches on long ralnk grass. Bleside the garden, and fronting the road, stood a new, bare-looking house. A balcony of unpainted wood ran round the upper storey, and on that balcony :I strw a little girl of some ten or twelve years, dressed in a blue print frock, her hair hanging in a thick plait with a pale, sweet face smiling faintly, and A wist ful glance. It was but a momentary glimpse, and then she passed quickly round the corner of the house out of sight. This, then was the child I had heard calling, and perhaps the plaintive, bil d-like note meant Cul! cui! (Here!-here!) But to whom was she calling? The lane was sdlitary. the garden was deserted, no one nwas visible anywhere. As 1 passed the house I saw in amnazement that the lower story was in ruins, the sordlid ruin of a building falling into decay be fore it was finished. The windows were staring, empty holes, like the eyeholes of , skull; through them I could see that 'the walls w-ere rough unplastered stone, .the floor was only earth, and beside the vacant chasm which served as doormay there u-as a heap of mortar, and some scaffolding. All the windows of the upper storey which I could see from the road were mulled with shutters of wood, which had never been painted, and which were already falling into decay. As I looklted at that forlorn, unfinished house, a vague dread chilled me. What was that child doing there'? No waif or stray or beggar's brat was she, with her dainty blue cotton frock and shining braided hair. Could it be possible that she was alone in the house, and that she was calling for help? But instead of ap pealing to me as I gazed up at her she had slipped away and vanished round the balcony with a shamefaced smile. I stood perplexed, my heart sinking with an unaccountable dismay; when all at once I heard the whirring of a sewing machine somewhere in the upper rooms. The homely, prosaleic sound brought re lief to my troubled mind, and assured that the house was really inhabited, and that some woman, probably the child's mother, was there, I went on my wray. But I could not for'get the little inci dent, and a day or two afterwards. as I was calling upon a friend-an Italian lady who lived in a villa near the lake- I described to her the unfinished house standing in the lonely lane. "Who is living there?" was my first inquiry. "Nc, one; the house is empty," was the unexpected reply. "But the child--I saw a child there on Sthe balcony!" "Ah, the clhild"-my friend repeated with a strange, suddenly .serious look. r "You saw the child, then? Yes, I know many people have seen her." e "What co.n you mean?" I cried; and somehow my heart began to beat fast, a her look and tone were so mysterious. "You have not heard the story, then. of poor little Netta Fanconi? No? Then I will tell it to you, cara mia." My friend, Domnna Maria Cipriani, set tled helrself graceefully in her armchair, and I listened breathlessly for her ex planation. "Netta's mother Yeas dead., anrd her father mal'ried again. Then he died. too. and Netta, the only child. was left to the care of her stepmother. SIIe was a very honest, hard-working, but un sympathetic woman: she was not bru Stal, Netta wao not ill-fed, and she was always neatly dressed; but the step. mother did not understand that a child W:'arts more than more food and cloth ing.. Th!e man, f"anconi. began to build the house you sa7, but he died in debt, and there was no money to finolh it. The widowl used to goi to work at one of the silkl factories at In-ra. and all day long Netta wa:s left in the house alolle. with a task of needlewolrk to do, for they tried ta elarn a fe\ soldi. ill that way n: well, amn:l tlie little girl hatd beeln taught to work the sewing-machine, which had been bought in the days when they were letter off." "YeS; and the sewin;g-maelhine is in the house now; I heard it"-so I inter posed, for I was determinedi to cling to the prosaic farts of mny story, and not to have extllainced away everything I, could vouch for with my own i eyes andl "Ah. so you think." Donna Maria. an swered in her soft voice, and a little gesture of her white hands. "But. in deed, the house is empty-a-bsolutely emplty. Let me tell you the rest of the dolorous little history. Netta was left alone day after day and all day long in that solitary, half-ruined house- alone day after day till the child's heart began to break. She would stand on the bal cony calling. calling for someone, any one, to come to her in her unbearable loneliness : and then if anyone did pass by, so timid was she. that she would shrink :taway indoors, and go back to her task on that cruel machine. which was too heavy for her little hands and feet. And yet perhaps the solulltnd Iof the in chilne made the silence of the. house seem less dreadful to her." Donnla Maria paused a molnent. I think I shivered :a little ; ivhs begin ning to be conscious why I had been oppressed by such intense sadness when I passed the deserted house. "One winter evening,." ily friend re sinuned, "the stepmother returned, from her work at the facto:r. and there she found Netta !ylng oni the floor in the dark, cold and dead, with :a smile on her little white face. The Blessed S:lints had hleard Netta calling, and had come for her. Then the woman was nearly frantic. She wrung her hands and. tore her hair, but all her remorse would not bring Netta back again. And then.people who had rever interfered while there was time to 'save the.child, who had cried to heaven and earth for pity,. now had no words hard enough for the step, mother. So, reviled by everyone, she fled from Pallanza,. nobody knows whtther. I-Ier poor odds and ends of furniture were seized to pay her debts. but no one will live in the house; it stands empty, and going to decay. And still they say the child is heard calling, and people have even seen her on the balcony. a pale sorrowful little phantom. 1 have never seen her or heard her my self. But I know- that what I am tell ing you is true." And DonnAI MIaria's voice sank in lihncer. and her dark eyes shad a mournful. ar-away gaze ii them. usv "-cud " 1" ;, m tainhaea~I'--cen.?{,sls? to visit th'At hous: of tragic memories. lBut.I have ifteni thought since of Netta Fan?coni--thc bird- like call, 'Cui! cui!" the smweet little wistful face and childish figure flittin', elusive, a half-seen vision, on the balcony of thi shuttered: vac:int hiouse. I do not believe in ghosts, as I said before. But who cai tell hut that, by some mysterious and hs yet undis covered law of nature, the anguish of a sensitive, tortured'beingmay' linger like :ih atmosphere round the scene'of its sufferings, and may impress itself upon tic conrsciousnessof even those sahi are strangeirs to its history ?--"Westminster Budget." 