El2fi ti By FLORENCE WAIiDEN. [All Rights Reserved,] PART I. It Ts a ;;ic:uresquo spot, tnac ancient town of live, when tlio river runs full at the bate of the rock on which it stands, and the little fish ing boats, with their red-brown, patched sails, swim down on the; tide to the sea. But when tlio tide has run out. and the mud-hanks till, trie river’s lied in a long grey lino to the now distant sea, the old town,! with its narrow, steep streets of Email, close- packed Iiousob, crowned with the low. square tower of the ancient church, looks desolate in-, deed. . | So thought Ned Marix ns, on a chilly November afternoon, he made his wav slowly tip into the towm from the station, through a drizzle of rain which made the rough stones slippery, and pattered down from tho overhanging eaves of the houses. This was his first visit to live, and he seemed likely to get no enthu siastic welcome. He had asked his way to “ the best inn,’’ and having been told rather pointedly “that tho principal held was ‘ The hull ’ in the Iligu-sireet,” perceived that he had gone near to wounding the town’s susceptibilities, and that in losing its importance it had not lost its dignity, Ned was. at least able to thank the fates, however, that “Tho Bull" proved to be no rospieudent modern ho.-leirv, “ re-erected with all modern imurovemeuls,” but a plain and by no means extensive building which* fully carried out the promise held forth in its advertisement in tho guide book. “This house has for manv years enjoyed tiro repute of being dean, sweet, and com fortable.” The very first steps ho made along the narrow entrance, passage raised ins spirits. A 1 ro.-> b - faced countrywoman stood at the ] door of a room on tiro right j at tho ena ot me passage ho saw a cobv, old-fashioned bar; a huge grand father’s clock ticked loudly some where in tho dim recessc-s of oak panelled passages in the back grou nd. “Good-dav,” said ho to tho wait ress. The very fact that there was no dingy waiter about warmed one’s soul. “ Can I have something to cat ? A chop, enj- thiug.’’ “Yes, sir. This way, if you please, sir.” She was quite peremptory in her manner as she diver.od him from hia purpose of entering tiie room on the right, and insisted un hia going into the coffee-room on the left. Nod felt that she was too autocratic. For in that apartment on the right, which bore the words “ Commercial Boom,’’ and into which, therefore, as a public room, ho had every right to go, there was a big well filled book case, and—a golden-haired girl. Now Ned was an artist, and en dowed, like other artists, with sus ceptibilities as to golden hair which made oven a tinge of flaxen or .auburn a joy to him: Tho hair he jliad just seen made him long to get | at his paletto ; ho felt that he must see that girl, he must know hor, he ■must paint her if lie had to stay in live six months to do it. Mean while he was in tho tiny coffee room waiting .or his dinner, with nothing belter man last week’s local newspaper to amuse himself with, lie would go an-.l ask tho golden haired young lady for a book. So he crossed the passage into tho com mercial room. The girl, who was sitting close under the bookcase studying a volume open ou her knee, looked up. j Something in her very glanco showed ! at once that she was adorably unused to meeting strangers. She was not shy or awkward, but she was sur “ If you want anything will you ' please ring the boll in tkci coffee-! room, and the waiters will come,” . she said. The wonts were a snub, but tile jjn-v eyes wore kind. Ned retreated w door,.'out said humbly— “ beg your pardon, lint I came to' ask if you would be kind enough to lend mo a book.” . “ I am sure Mrs. Richmond will.. I’ll go and ask her.” ; Oh dear, this was not what he had wanted at all ; a portly landlady de-cending upon him, with open suspicious as to the genuinass of his avidity for literature ! “ Pray don’t take that trouble,”, said Ned, j She was already at the door. But ; before she could open it, tho waitress : had entered in search .of tho ! traveller. | “ Your chop is ready for you in ! the coffco room, sir,” she said, rather j severely, ; ’ “ Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richmond in? This gentleman wants a Martha looked at liim sharply. “Mrs. llickmoiul is out, but I’m suro you’d be very welcome to a book, if there’s any there will suit “I should like some local history, if there is such a thing—some book that tells about the old places in and around the town', and the stories told of them.” “ The stories !” echoed the golden haired girl, with a laugh; “you must ask Martha herself for those. She knows more than the books toll.*' ] “ Oh, what I know is m.v .f/.s- i Bip, ana notning much to toll any- 1 body,” protested Martha, soften- i ing. j “ That is exactly what I like to ‘ hear—the gossip,” said Ned. “ What ( the pcoplo say about a house or a 1 church influences out's thoughts a3 c one looks at it, and gives it a special 1 atmosphere. And that is everything < to us painter.-’.” t “ Oh, arc you an artist ?" asked the 1 young lady, with great interest. < “That is wiiat my father was before ‘1 his eyes grew weak. Ho thinks just as you do of tiro stories ; and ho 1 writes about them too. llo says .*■ there is no history of this place that . an iutoilisront person can read with- c out weeping. so lie is writing one, , and I am helping him.” g The girl—she could not have been i more than 10—glanced at Martha, as f if';afraid she had been too commqni- i cativo to a stranger. Hut the wait- 1 less, who was a mass of prejudices, t had juist made up her mind that the t pe^yegmer w»3 “ ft gentleman, eyerjr t inch of him,’’ and unbent accord ingly. ", “ And I may mako bold to say I've helped Mr. Ilennoll, too,” she ■ said. “For I was wi|h him nearly j three hours the other day, tolling ' him -word for word, as’it was told to * mo, the story of the murders at the ! Old Mormaid.”| I “ Murders at the Old Mormaid,” | echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoy- j ment. “Toll me too, please. I love ; a good murder, especially if it’s not loo ancient. How ol<^ is yours ?” “Why, they both of them hap pened in my time. I’ve been here nine years. The waitress, who was evidently a ! ; personago of importance in the inn, I with extensive powers, was melting. | She advanced to the fire, stirred the j coals into a roaring blaze, and | wheeled a chair round for the gentle | man. Nod took bis seat with his j back to the murky afternoon day- j i light, where he could from time to j time cast a slyly admiring glance at i the demure young girl in the corner. | “ Well,” Martha bigar, “ wo don’t : j always call them ii’.urders. For to I say truth, they wjire more than murders— they 'were mysteries. There’s a couple of very old houses in live that wero once an inn, called ‘The Mermaid.’ That was long before my time. IVhen I first came to Bye the place hod been empty and neglected, and all to pieces for nigh on two years. Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for anyone about hero to take as it was. And one house was taken by a shoemaker, a most respectable man, with a wifo and family, who have it now. The other . house didn’t go off for a bit, and at last they turned it into a hospital, i But ono night—it was about Christ mas time, I remember, aad the vicar preached about it, and it cast a damp over everything—a poor man that was lying in ono of the rooms with a broken leg, shrieked out for help. Before tho nurso that was in charge could get to the -room, however, tho ■ { poor follow was dead. It was found j j that he had been choked by a great ! | piece of plasteF^like that they | ! do ceilings with. The question j | -was : Who had/ done it? There • was nobody pbout tho house except the nurse,jaud a woman lying in another room, [who was paralysed, and could not VsA'o her bed. Then again, where dtil the' piaster come from ? Thero was no ceiling to any ono of the rooms t the timbers were just whitewashed, and there was no plastr/r used, so the piece found in his throat could not have fallen from the roof into his mouth whilo ho slept, as someone suggested. Well, it \va3 a mvstory, and there was an end of it, at least, so we thought. Then that room was not used again for a long j time. But iTV October of the J year after there was a great storm, j and a shipwrecked crew of a fishing smack were brought into Bye. Thero being nobody in't'ho hospital at the time, the poor follows wore put up there. You see, they were strangers, [ and had never heard the story. Just picture to yourself what we all felt j next day wlion wo found that ono'of the men had died in the night in exactly the sarin way as the first. There were two other men sleeping in the room, who were wakened by hearing their comrade choking and gasping for breath. They could just seo him in th^ilarkness, so they said, struggling walk' a woman in black, who waved her arms about over him I and disappeared; leaving him stark ! dead. Nover was such a sensation known in Ilyo before or since. The place was haunted, so everyone said, : | It was a curious thing though, if it ' 5 was a ghost that did these murders, j that a purse which the sailor had by j lii9 pillow, and which hold two j sovereigns, had disappeared. Of j course one of his companions may have stolon it; hut then it was they who gave the information that he had this money upon him. Then the noor people next door wore sub- i pected, because tho attic over the I hospital was part of their premises, | being; jisjyj^Jjy tho shoemaker as a store-place. But besides that he and his family were known to be honest and as harmless as doves, there was no way by which any human being could force himself between the rafters. So there the mattor ended, and I don’t suppose the house will j over let again.” ] “ Well, ..J confess that even the ! excitement of trying to ferret out the mystery would hardly tempt me to a place with such associations,” said Ned, rising reluctantly from the comfortable arm chair. “But you can tell me where I shall bo likely to find a couple of rooms, both very clean, and one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or three months Martha shook her head. “Yon had be.-t s!nv here sir I think,” she eaiu. “ 't here are no lodgings that I know of in Bye which wojald suit a gentleman.’’ “I shall have to find some to suit me though,” said Ned. “ I can't afford hotels. I shall bo out sketch ing all day, so it really doesn’t much matter what the accommodation is like. I thiist be off on the tramp to look tor them now, Detoro it is uarir. May I le&ve; my bag here until I am settled ? • The rest of my things I left at tli® station." Marthai’at once gave the required permission; and Ned, taking leare of her amjlpf tho goldon-kaired Miss nt forth reluctantly into treats of the old to%vn. eady nearly dark, and the 5>w falling heavily, rush Ilonnoli, J the drear rain was, dowibltlio sleep streets as if they had boeiifonly gutters, and splask nd the unhappy stranger atop. lie found his search, ' as Marti W liad predicted, difficult in- • i|body seemed to let lodg least nobody who looked id who had less than six efore Ilia wanderings were [as so dark that he could not names of the streets. At ver, he saw in a window a the words, “Furnished apply at No. 3." some difficulty, for tho ere not numbered, he found A bright-faced voung with a baby in her arms, 'the door, and, on learning wanted, fetched the key, tied over to the ehut-up itli great alacrity. As he her Ned got a better view tenor oi tno nouse, ana was bv what he-saw. Both up house and the one next their upper storeys huilt of ohqU roora of tho two lowoi Btoreys was lighted by a lattice j window from end to end. Each had too pointed overhanging gables, | : and both wore roofed with tile3. I i The young artist's heart glowed ' J within him ; if he had searched for : a week ho could not havo found a j dwelling more to his mind. 1 “ IIow is it that this splendid old > place is shut up? ” he ashed, as his | conductress - turned the hey in the “ Becauso there’s more houses in Rye than there’s people to live in ’em, I suppose,” she answered with a laugh, as she led tho way through the narrow and haro ontrance-passago into a large room on the right. “ It's all quite clean,’’ she con I tinued. “ It's me who has charge of ! the place,and I swept it out only two days ago. Dear, dear, I ought to havo brought a light! If you’ll wait here, sir, I'll fetch one.” i Ned did not want to see anything more before making up his mind. Tho great low-ceilinged room, with its long window and wido window : Beat, its enormous old-fashioned hearth, in which a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of plnee, were so many irresistible charms to him, Tho scantiness of tho furni ture did not matter to him; he wanted space, air, and light, and these ho had in abundance. “Stay,’’ ho said, as the woman was running off. “ I shall take tho place, if you will get somebody to do my cooking and cleaning, and if you don’t want the rent of Bucking ham Palace.” The woman shook her head, and laughed again. i “ What do you say to seven sliil j lings a week, sir ?” j “ I should say it was not ruin “ And I could do for you myself, sir, if you’re not too particular about the cooking.’’ “ I’m not. You shall do for me. Will you please begin by making mo a fire, and getting me a couple of ; candles, and lending mo a kettle P I I’m a very accomplished fellow, and I can make mv own toa.” In less than halt an hour Ned had fetched liis bag from “ The Bull ’’ and the rest of his luggngo from the station, and was sitting in the high wooden rocking chair before the fire, already wishing that the grate were a little bigger, and that ho had a companion in that big room. Tiie picturesque and romantic always have another side—a lone- | some and uncanny side. There were j noises in the rafters ; wooden wains coting has a habit of creaking j and cracking; old houses have j nooks and crannies made for \ t’no wind to whistle in. Ned j listened to these noises, and j to the pattering of the rain on the : latticed panes, and wondered whether the street was always as i empty and deserted ns it seemed to ' be to- night. He had thought he should be so cosy in the wide chim noy corner, but instead he found it draughty enough to make his hair stand on end. At last he got up, and for the first time mado a tour of the premises. There were four rooms, two upstairs and two on the ground floor. Ilis sitting room was the only one that contained a fireplace, and only two out o£ tko four could bo called furnished. There was no garden, but thero waB an untidy yard with a huge rain tub at the back of the house, The fooling tiiat there was some thing gruesome about the place I grew stronger upon him ns ho passed from the one to the other of the upper rooms and heard tho wind howling above him. Thero must surely be an attic overhead, he thought, for the wind to make that noise 1 And then he remem bered that ho had seen from the street the window of a second storey—the one with the gables. But where was the way up into the attic ? Thero was no staircase, no ladder. Ana then touowed. quickly another thought, so ugly, so un welcome that he felt wot and cold as it passed through his mind. That om inn, •• Tlie JMermaia,” where tbs two men had died so mysteriously, had an attic which belonged to the adjoining house ! AVas this the very house ? He would go over to Mrs. lludge at No. 3, or, better still, he would go hack to “ The Bull ’’ : and satisfy himself on this point. | The next moment, however, he j pulled himself together, and scouted j these suggestions of weakness. lie : would not have chosen, certainly, to take up his abode in a house with such an ugly history as that of “ The Mermaid but if he had unwit- , tingly done so, he was not going to show funk over it now. Ned re turned to his sitting-room, however, in a much loss comfortable frame of mind than that in which be had loft it. lie tried to keep up bis spirits by whistling, and to amuse himself bjr unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with which the j walls of the big room were liberally j provided, ! But that took a very short time, aud a long evening still remained to be got through. The rain came down more heavily; the wind was growing more boisterous, Ned sat down in : his rocking-chair, tried to get in- [ terosted in a book, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during which he was haunted by feverish, ! fragmentary dreams, in all of which j the actual sounds going on around s him, the dropping of the ashes from j the fire, the cracking of the wains- ' coting, the wind, the rain, and the gnawing o'l the mice played a part. Tho candles burned down to their sockets, and flickered out; the fire grew low aud fiameless. Suddenly a burst of cold air swept through tho room and awoke him, A cloud of Bmoke, beaten down by the draught, rushed acro3s from the chimney to the open door, almost blinding Nod, who sprang up from j the rocking ohair with a cry. j There before him, plainly to be , seen through tho smoke, by the dull ' slow of the fire, was the phantom of which he had been dreaming, the phantom which haunted the old II Mermaid ”—tho lady in black with the waving arms 1 (2b he continued,) The Italian who had the honor o! teach ing George III. the violin, on being asked by his Royal pnpil what progress he was mak ing, observed:—“Please your Majesty, there are three olasBea of players—1, those who cannot play at all; 2, those who play badly; 8, those who play well. Your Majesty is Inst rising into the second class," 