"WHOLESALE COOHEItATlVE .SOCIETY. "Mr. K. J. Fnirliairii, who Is to repri-ent. the Engllsh Co-operative SuL-irtv In Australia, .arrived in Sydney l>y Hie Oiiilavn. It wu» this society which 12 month-, nün wni dele Kates tn inquire inti) the pn-sihilii ¡PS nf Hie .Australian produce market. A- a n-ult of their report, Mr, Fairbairn hus I.II sent nm ?aa pernmnent représentai ive. The I run»* actions of this society will ht- on n very con- siderable scale. From South Australia alone a purchase of 20,000 tons nf lintier bas been effected. The homo market, is a wide ont-, and there is no reason, he thinks, why the -Australian producer, thro'utrh the socipiy. should not largely increase Iiis om pul. tn the mutual advantage nf bul h pari les. .. A» you know," said Mr. Fairbairn. .. Messrs. Jones, Stoker and Olay were out hero a yenr ago. As a result ot their inquiries, our people decided to he represented here nersonallv. They sent me out here, and here I am. Mv intention is tn reside in Sydney, because ii -will be the most central ninon. "nH I!,M ""wt convenient, to Queensland and New Zealand. Our annual turnover dui ire; tile \i\\-< twelve months has boen closo upon £12.0flO.(XK), or taken in conjunction willi Hie Scottish society, it reaches £10,CX)U.tKK). Our staple «cooimodlties are butter, cheese, baron, lard, «nd general groceries, such as tea and sugar. "We nre tremendous importers nf sugar. WV Jiave our own creameries in Ireland. We buy a tremendous lot nf Danish butter, and -wherever possihlo we deal direct with the co-operative dairies. We ure always anxious to patronise a co-nneratlve concern for the flake of principle. We are the largest butter importers in England without the slightest doubt. . When I tell you that we have customers who draw from us regularly never less than five tons of butter a week, you can understand what a trade we have. Co-opcra , tlon lu England is diirerent from co-opera- tion hore. In the colonies labour is restless, fluctuating and unsettled. In England lt is quieter and moro settled. Hence the great Jingi ¡sh co-operative societies can rely on u steadier market and a more assured return than Is yot possihlo here." Speaking of the Australian market, Jfr. Fairbairn states that Jiis society is fully alive to the capabilities of the country. Tho chief articles In which he will do business are butter, cheese, tallow, leather, and articles of tho kind. He thinks there should he a great demand for Aus- tralian produce if the Australians look nfter their interests. SUC!Ali PLANTERS GRIEVANCE-Possibly the sugar planters of the Northern rivers lielievp that tiley hilve a real grievance -against tho Premier because he would not sanction the appointment of a Royal Com- mission tn inquire into the condition of the sugar industry, lind report thereon, They contend, truly enough, that the industry is -one of considerable magnitude, and that Royal Commissions have been freely up Î»ointed in the past to deal with questions of ess consequence. There have certainly been too uuiny of such committees of inquiry, the results of which have probably not in the aggregate been worth a twentieth part of their cost. The sugar-growers, in their indignation at not having been permitted tn «tate their claims for puhlic bounty In a few hundreds of closely packed pages of print, axe going to make a determined protest Against the abolition of the sugar duty, -which they hope will influence the people of New South Wales at the next election. This is the right way to go to work. Let them say nil that is possible in support of their demand for a continuance in their interest of duties which for years past have buen a burden on the peoplo of the colony, and a «log on many of Us industries. That their arguments can induce the public to recon- sider its decision in this matter is, however, hardly a possibility from the contemplation of which they can derive much comfort. .Daily Telegraph. TJIUST SECURITIES.-Slr George Buden Towell, in a recent paper on thu "Financial Relations nf the Empire," read nt the Royal Colonial Institute, London, revived the question of the desirability of including Colonial Government stocks In the author- ised list of trust securities. The Colonial Oovornmont securities amount in all to J535O,OO0,O00, and he pointed out that over uine-tnntbs of this sum has been expended upon reproductive public works and imiiii -gmtion, thus adding to the value of tho i - assets of the colonies, which, in addition, «till possess not less than 2,0UO,00O,(XX) acres of lund. Tho security he considers tis ii in pie, \- And he ls confident that it will not be lung «re Colonial Government securities are admitted to tho authorised trust list. It is «crtain that this inclusion of now trust investments would prove a great boon to beneficiaries under trusts in this country. CATHOLICS AND TUB STATE.-Tho Pope is evidently very anxious to maintain the spiritual right and obligation of the Church to overrule its political sympathies wherever these sympathies interfere with its spiritual principles. Ho has (writes the London *. Spectator") just been re-asserting the duty of French Catholics to obey the State, even though that State be a Republic. He con- demns all Catholics who are disposed to ignoro what they owo to Crosar, when their duty to Oiesnr is part of what they owe to God. And not only has he done this, but lie has put forth a Whitsuntide letter to his " venerable brethren " on the doctrine of the Trinity and the Holy Ghost, ns if to remind them that they owe him ns much obed- ience in relation to theological doctrine as thpy do In relation to ecclesiastical discipline. So many of his recent pastorals iiave had moro or less relation to ecclesias- tical disciplino that he seems to have been anxious to issue at Whitsuntide a purely theological address to his clergy, lest there nfaould be any tendency to forget his theo- logical in his ecclesiastical authority. The letter on the third person in tho Trinity is, indeed, very interesting and significant, ns allowing how earnestly Leo. XIII, ponders the theology of his Church as well ns the drift of its ecclesiastical orders. Though he does not seem inclined to make peace with the Italinn kingdom, he certainly takes pains to let all the world know that his quarrel with Italy is, In his own opinion, rather spiritual than political. MILKING MACHINE.-A note from Sweden 3iys tho recently invented milking apparatus of Dr. De Laval is in use at his farm ut' Xfrsuick, where it can be viewed. The cows, twenty-four in number, aro each provided -with nsmall machine, connected byan India rubber tube with the cylinder. Tho cylinder is set in motion by tho electric current from the circular wire on the wall above. Tho machine is constructed of aluminum, with the exception of tho movable steel parts. The milk does not In any way deteriorate, and is said to keep twelve hours longer than -than that milked by hand. To OuiiK BROODINESS.- "L'Agriculture Moderne" suggests nnother method of pro venting broody hens from sitting:-"Drive tho birds out of the hen-house una give them liberty, purging thom by making them .swallow a teaspoonful of castor oil. Then let thom roost outside for several days, and jçivo them a cooling diet composed chiefly of greenery. Before tho end of three days such treatment will remove all idea of setting .from their heads." Speaking at Alstonville, Mr. AV. S. .Campbell, the Director of Agriculture, said by improving thu cattle, dairymen would.be able to obtain as much milk from 20 cows as they did now from 40 with tho «ame area of feed. The average yield In gallons per year per cow in this colony was only 270, while in other countries it was up to lCXX). Mr. Campbell said better butter was often sent from this colony than from oven Denmark, but the latter has an advan- tage in uniformity of quality. Mr. Whipps denied the accuracy of tho figures with reference to the average yield of milk, »tuting that double thu amount would be low for the Big Scrub districts. Mr. ßeccombe, of Springhill, stated that his rel urns for three years avornged over SOO gallons per cow. Dairymen who possesses dairy herds ought to exercise caution In cornfields from which the cobs have been removed. Numerous deaths of cattle fruin outing the duud stalks of corn have linen reported. Prince Henry of Orleans has nccepledlthe challenge to a duel made hy General Alber- ton! in consequence of his charges bf cowar- dice against tue Italians who wero engaged Ja Abyssinia. 