CATHOLIC NOTES- Three of the Sisters of St. John of God have gone from Perth to Ealgoorlie, where they intend to take charge of the new Bohool there in addition to their duties as nurses. Axohbishop Fabre, of Montreal, whose death, at the age of seventy, is announced, has been for some time in poor health, but it was not expected that his illness would take a fatal turn. He will be greatly missed. He was promoted to the See in 1886, after having been for ten years coadjutor to his predecessor. Rev. Brother M. P. Nunan has succeeded Rev. Bro. O'Brien as principal of the Christian Brothers' College, Perth. Bro. Nunan was formerly in charge of the High Sohool, Petersham, Sydney, whioh, daring his seven years' directorship, maintained the high reputation the Christian Brothers enjoy as successful teachers of youth. Catholic monks were the first to put floating bells over sunken rocks as a warning to mariners in fog and darkness. Cardinal Stephen Langton was the first to found a sooiety for the purpose of systematically putting fixed lights on dangerous headlands. Cardinal Simon Langham was the first to establish technical schools in England for painting, architecture, and the cultivation of orchards, gardens, and fish ponds. William of Wykeham, the great Bishop of Winchester, was the first to introduce the technical system of making good roads. The daily date on the top of every newspaper is due to the labours of Jesuit Father Clavius, performed at the order of Pope Gregory XIII. The life of Leonardo da Vinci is a wonderful lesson architecture, engineering, art, and science. Modern physiology is based on the work performed by Eustaohius, Fallopius, Vesallus, and Malphigi; and Buhop Steno was the first to write a systematic treatise on geology. There is great grief in Italy, and espeoially in Naples, at the death of Cardinal Sanfelioe, whose character was genuinely apostolio. He will be long remembered for his charitable and heroic labours during the cholera year, and at the time of the earthquake at Casamicciola, when he opened the churohes for the wounded, the hospitals being full. He was indefatigable inhiB care for the Buffering. The Emperor of Germany was <ne of his warmeBt friends and admirers, and sent repeated messages of enquiry during his illness. It is understood (says the " Nation ") that in accordance with the Pope's special desire, bis Eminence Cardinal Vaughan has collected statistics from the variouB diooeses as to the number of recent converts. The reports show that during the past fifteen-months nearly 16,000 converts have been received into the Church. There have been upwards of 2000 in the diooese of Westminster alone. A. distinguished and valued member of the Society of Jesus has been removed by the death of the Rev. Henry Harford, who died onMonday,4th January, in his sixtieth year, after a long illness. Brought up a Protestant, he was received into the Oatholio Church before he was out of hie teens; and entered the Sooiety of Jesus in the Belgian province in 1858 .The Paris newspapers give the trans' lation of a Latin ode written by the Pope Dn the occasion of the tenth centenary of the Baptism of Clovis at Reims. The poeiO refers to the several great events in the history of France,such as the foundation'of fttbh of "Peter*® s Pence, renoe by »y "Oharlemagne. unariemagne, (be Crusades, the liberation of the ^ttyntry by Joan of Axo, and the escape of France from Protestantism. The ode was sent by the Pope to Cardinal Largenieux, Archbishop of Reims, by whom it was read on Sunday, 27th December, at High Mass in the Cathe Oral. General Baratieri has received from King Menelik of Abyssinia a case containing a presentation sword, an ivory crucifix, and other articles belonging to the General, which fell into the hands of the Abyssinians after the defeat of the Italians at Adowa. Brother Joseph, the Superior-General of the great Catholic Brotherhood of the Christian Schools, died on Friday, 1st January, in his seventy-fourth year. Joseph Josserand by name and the son of very humble parents, he entered the organisation at the age of fourteen, and rose to its head in 1884. Though not a prieBt, he exercised an authority in the Catholic world (says the " Pall Mall Gazette") "seoond only to that of the Pope." Under his control were the 15,000 members of the Brotherhood and the 350,000 pupils in their schools, which spread over the whole habitable globe. A man of considerable enlightenment, he broadened the course of education so as to include modern professional subjects. By a brief, dated 7th July of last year, ope Leo XIII. has solemnly declared j he Apostle of the Negroes, St. Peter Claver, S.J., special patron of all missions to the Negroes in both hemispheres. his act of the Holy See has been celebrated with splendid festivities in the Cathedral of Algiers. Pere Rochette, preaching on the occasion, pointed out that the work of St. Peter Claver for the black races is now being continued by a large number of societies, among which he cited the White Fathers ol Algiers, the Missionaries of the Holy Ghost, the j Mill Hill Fathers, the Societies of African Missions of Lyons and Verona, the Pious Sooiety of the Missions, Oblates of Mary and Oblates of St. Francis of Sales, Franciscans, Capuchins, Marists, Basilians, and many others. The Rev. Fr. Lynch, editor of the "Tablet," Dunedin, in taking leave of is friends for a 12 months' trip to Europe, said:—" I do not know whether I am doing very right or not in mentioning one act of special courtesy. As you are aware, in coming out 16 years ago I met with a serious accident on board one of the Orient liners. I was for six weeks under the care of Dr. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne. When the eminent surgeon was in Duheilin at the time of the Medical Congress, I called on bim and renewed my thanks for his care. He jocosely said,' It is about time you took a rest and a trip.' I seriously entertained the idea. The directors of the Orient land Pacifio Company heard of my desire, and through my very esteemed friend, Mr. James Mills, of the Union Company, granted me a saloon ticket—Australia to London and back. (Applause.) I appreciate the concession, and do not feel particularly sorry that I met with the accident. Of oourse, a return ticket breaks the back in the great expense of the journey. Cardinal Moran'e nomination paper for the Federal Convention contains 1286 signatures. _ A seotionof the home press and the " Age " here pretended to be amused at the vigorous polioy of Archbishop Langevin, of St. Bonifooe, in re the "Lepteur " —a bitter anti-olerioal organ ; but recent advices show that his Graoe's action haB proved proven disastrous aiBastrous to the me hoBtjle noa^e journal, which has been compelled $9 MM0 P P" U Referring to the approaching celebration in Ireland of the thirteenth centenary of St. Columbkille on 9th June, an* Irish exchange says :—"Like St. Patrick and St. Maiachy and St. Brlgid, he is pre-eminently a national saint Go where the traveller may— into Ulster, Munster, Leinster, or Connaught—let hiui mingle with our peasantry when and where he will, he will find everywhere the same undying, unchangeable reverence for St Columbkille." Among the 1025 priests which his Grace Archbishop Fabre, of Montreal, has ordained during the past twentythree years, and who are now discharging their holy task throughout various parts of the world, six; became bishops and one an archbishop. They are Mgr. Albert Pascal, Bishop of Saskatchewan, N. W. T. ; Mgr. J. M. Emard, Bishop of Valleyfield; Mgr. T. D. Beaven, Bishop of Springfield, Mass.; Mgr. Cardot, "Vicar Apostolic in Cochin China; Mgr. Despierre, also Vicar Apostolic in Cochin China, both ordained at the foreign missions in Paris; Mgr. Langevin, Archbishop of St. Boniface, and lastly, Mgr. E. J. O'Dea, Bishop of Nesqually, in Washington Territory. Information has been received from the Lord Abbott of Beagle Bay Mission, Broome, W.A., that the monks have succeeded in making a track directly inland from the mission well. The work occupied eighteen days. Seven Europeans and nine natives were engaged at making the road, besides two horses and twelve bullocks. While engaged in the labour they found permanent water at very convenient distances. It is with regret that we (says the " Tablet" of 16th January) have to announce the death of the Right Rev. John Carroll, third Bishop of Shrewsbury. His lordship had suffered a long and tedious illness with exemplary patience and resignation. The end will be a serious loss to his diocese, in which he was so much and so deservedly esteemed.—R.I.P. The most contradictory reports concerning the relations between the Holy See and Mgr. Keane (America) have been circulated by a portion of the Home and colonial press. Thjp 'latest tterance of the right rev. prelate?; who s in Rome, breathes nothing but a ost cordial feeling between the Holy Father and the gifted ex-rector of the American Catholic University. In a new life of Lord Macaulay, the author says :—" Who that has once read it, for instance, can fail to understand why his survey of the state of England under Charles II. still stinks in the nostrils of the clergy of the Church of England ?" On Saturday 13th February (says the "Freeman's Journal"), in the chapel of the Good Samaritan Mother House, ffl Pitt-street, the Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney officiated at the solemn ceremony of Profession. The Sisters Professed were Sister Mary Hilda (Miss Bergin), Sister Mary Apolonia (Miss Heffernan, of Moruya), Sister Mary Stanislaus (Miss M. T. Callaghan, of Newcastle), Sister Mary Hilary (Miss Lawless, of Sydney), Sister Mary Matt h e w <Miss Katie Byrne, of Sydney), S i s t e r M a of Sydney), jy P < p and h m Sister \- Rutledge, M i s S J Mary Louis (Miss M'Keon, of Moruya). A number of the clergy assisted, and there was a large attendance of lay visitors. Dr. Higgins preached an impressive discourse. Mrs. Anna Hanson Dorsey, who 1 is spoken of as " the pioneer " of Roman Catholic literature in the United States, has just died in Washington. The deceased lady was in her eighty-third year. When her first story, "The Student of Blenheim Forest," appeared, American Catholic writers of fiction could almost be counted on the fingers of one hand. There were Dr. Chas. Constantino Pise and Charles James Cannon, born Catholics; John D. Bryant and Dr. J. V. Huntington, converts—names now almost forgotten. These men, with Mrs. Dorsey, wrote as Catholics for the sake of Catholicity, with certainly no hope of gain. With them it was a mission of love and devotion to principles," for, as Dr. Brownson said of one, his Catholic readers were necessarily few, and Protestants would not read an author so avowedly Catholic. The University of Notre Dame presented Mrs. Dorsey with the Laetare Medal, which is given only to Catholics who have rendered " emi nent services either to the Church or the American public." A monument in memory of Fr. Sechi, the famous astronomer, and former director of the College Romano Observatory, has been erected at Reggio (Emillia), the place of his birth. Mr. Austin published on 10th Jan uary, through Messrs. Macmillan, new volume of veree, "The Conversion of Winckelmann, and other poems." Winckelmann is, of course, the great German authority on art. He became a convert to the Catholic C h w c \ ... y 