r-DlNTB.. [Br1 Needle.] ? ; ; Tracked Down. The .': ' ' ' ,'''',' Sad discovery . , '-'-*, Made by Mr. Wells.' .? ,???'?. Of the fate of the missing explorers ' As related in telegrams published ' this evening. Eailway accident at Torbay. Torbay or not tor-bay, that is the question. A Sydney woman has thrown herself ? . in the fire. She might have waited. Shells of the ocean ! Those used bf the men-'o-war in bombardment. ? Mr. G. Leake's address at Albanyt ' gulped down by attentive listeners.- ' Swallowing the leake ! :. A Yalgoo pub is run by an Englis? - Viscount, and his bar-tender is the so^ ? of an ex-Governor of Westralia. Governor Hampden, says a Melbourne ? paper, admits that a remote ancestor o{ his was a poacher. H'm ! Some villagt Hampden. Instead of Australia sending alleged volunteers record-reigning, w.hy not treat them to the smell of powder, and send them to Greece or Turkey. Tlieexpose of the attempted suicide of a prisoner at the lock-up was, from a , police point of view, the unkindest 'cut' of all. ' : - ?? ? A correspondent writes me about a . ' ' halfra-dozen sheet.1? on the advantage of the sliding roof in the new theatre. Like the roof, I let the letter slide. Miss Eonier, not long ago in Austra lia .with Brough an,d Boucicault — in- deed, the old lady is Bob Brough'a . mother — is now back in London. Misa Eomer is ? well, is a roauier. ' I wonder what that man is so angry tit himself about ?' said the mosquito: ' during the half -hour I've been flying around his head he has done nothing but hit himself in the jaw every half- .. minute or so.' I thought detectives did things on the strict Q.T., and yet it is public pro perty that Detective Whitney is dis guised, and under an assumed name, on board the Oceana. G eorge Tallis was business managing for Williamson and ilusgrove during ' Trilby,' when Miss Nagel scored in 'Ben Bolt.' - ? 'Oh, don't you remember sweet (T)alli3' ' Ben Bolt?' 'Tracked Down,' to be played at the Theatre Eoyal this evening, bas nothing to do with the Blue Mountain mys teries. The scene is laid in New Caledonia, and that's the only place where Butler has not claimed to have committed a crime. Mr. Cowan, in speaking to- a woman who was well- known to the police, and who said she had received three months* imprisonment for singing 'Molly Eiley,' told her , she ought to have been an actress. Mr. Cowan may be a very good police magistrate, but his knowledge of the stage is evidently very . ?limited, and counts for little in Perth# I have a little bird that occasionally . wings its way into my silver mounted .' sanctum. The latest is that a writ ia to be issued for alleged slander against an Australian inspector of police. As I have tied myself to secrecy, and pro mised my feathered pet not to ' give it away,' I cannot even tell my readers in what part of Australia, the natter ial: to take place. Some time ago I pointed out that the ? by-laws exhibited outside the Town Hall were dated a couple of months ahead. Some genius has now altered them with lead-penciL Our by-laws are a passing thorn in our sides. ('Parson Thorn?') As Sydney is known as tha City of the Beautitul Harbor, so, too, has Perth earned for itself the soufcri quet of 'The City o£ the Beautiful By-laws.' A Mrs. Cartwright, an elderly dame, ? declared to Mr. Cowan yesterday that she had just served a sentence of three months at Fremantle for singing 'Mollv Eilev.' ? . 'Oh Molly Eiley, Hove you, Tell me Mrs. Cartwright 5s whi^ you're saying true ? Verily dear madame, I fancy if that's so That we'll by the ghost be haunted oC Molly Eiley 0. The West Australian police force are being tutored up . in Crowe's 'manual.' Crowe, by the way, is a Fitzroy, Melbourne policeman. And there's one thing for certain I know, He's at present entitled to blow, So then here is ' all joy,' To the man of Fitzroy, O'er his manual he safely can crow. I regret sincerely to hear of the death ? at Menzies of Constable Nethercott, for some time clerk in the Perth Watch house. The deceased, who originally came from N.S.W., was one of the most obliging, and at the same time unas suming, young fellows in the police force. I remember — now, alas ! only . too well— the night before he left ? Perth, he said to mo, 'I have got quite used to Perth, and feel at home; but I dread going to Menzies.' Like the heathen, the ways of the Perth policeman are peculiar. Not long back, the manager of one of our ' large chemist's establishments was locking-up, when ho was pounced upon by an officer. Expostulations were vain, for, to quote the bobby, ' there's . too many of your . sort about.' In triumph the constable bore his 'prisoner' to the station, when, an official recognising a highly- respected resident, and not a 'burglar,' the H.E.R. was given his liberty. Police men, iu their zeal, when 'potting' a man should be careful, for there are times and circumstances when things turn out unpleasant for tho ' potter.' W.A's LAJIXNT FOP. VT3 PK.T5M1ER. The tears fall gently from each eye1' . W8'U soon bo parting on the shore j . Each bosom heaves with many a sigh, We wish' this record-reigning o'er,' We wish this record-reigning o'er. ? ' Sir John I' we cry, And can'st thou hasto away ? ' Our hearts will break, in West Aus. tralia stay .'' 'Alas!' wo cannot, cannot part from \- thee.' Sir John, waving his handkerchief from the mail boat, ? . / The anchor's weighed ! . j The anchor's weighed !. . Farewell! Farewell! remember met : Sir John here wrings his handkerl . chief, the big fat tear falling with a splash into the'water. ' ' 1 With the hot weather which has just set ' in, AY. Zimpcl has opened u large ship menfrof Rattan Cane Chairs, Louises and couches m r.U shapes and designs. Asthe ?pna«ntw%-thcs?, is ^creaEine- an each Call at \Y. Zimpel's Furniture 'Warehouses S?'i 'I, is advited- Also- Rwandan Ltiicks, Bamboo Furniture in endlena 