CELEBRITIES. Cornelius Vanderbiit has always been the good young man of the Yandorbilt family. A witty clergyman once said of liim that he " would undoubtedly be the "Vanderbiit family's representative in heaven." "Li Hung Chang's foreign visitors since his return China notieo a marked change in his manner of address. He has lost much of his old hrusqneness. The old gentleman constantly uses a walking stick of General Grant's, presented to him "by Colouel'Grant in New York. •' There are two pleasures in life," said Lord Rosebery once, " the real and the ideal. The ideal is to receive the seals of office from your queen. '/' The real is to return them to her." Lord Bosebery lias enjoyed both kinds, and is now; touring unconcernedly through Europe, j Du Manlier's estate, while larger thnu 1 that of any other " Punch " artist, amounts to less than was expected, being about two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. It represents mostly the success of " Trilby " and the advance paj'tuents for " The Martian." Du Manner's favorite jest during the closing years of his life was that he was "bored and paralysed with prosperity." The Duchess Decazes is dead. Sho died in Pan's, November 14th, aged only about tweuty seven years. Her husband, Due Decazes and Gliicksburg, was the son of the minister of foreign attairs in the third republic. Her father was an American, Isaac Singer, who left this daughter seven millions (the newspapers say), and she married a French Duke. He left other daughters who became duchesses or princesses, and his widow, his third wife, is now the Duchesse de Camposelice. Sir Arthur Sullivanjreuiised from " The Lost Chord " more than 50,000 dollars aud he can now command 3500 dollars down for a single song. Tosti, the composer of " Forever and Forever," gets 1250 dollars for a song. "Rupert Guinness, who won the diamond sculls at Henley, is the eldest'son and heir of Lord Iveagh; and will come in for a million or two on the death of his father. He is a splendidly built man, hut his college career-lias been the reverie of brilliant. It is said that Mr Guinness has been smuggled through his " exams " iu a way that would have been impossible to a poorer man. Saudow, the strong man, is a father, and, moreover, his baby, who is a boy, weighed eighteon pounds on the day of his birth. President Cleveland will be sixty years old two weeks after the expiration of his pi-esent term of office. Lady Harberton, tho apostle of dress reform in England, is the wife of the viscount of that name. She is described as a " wierd-looking lady, who parts her hair on one side, scorns corsets, and belongs to tho Pioneer Club." The father of John Oliver Hobbes has bought tho famous London review, the Academy." John Morgan Bichards, as bis full name reads, is also proprietor of a brand ot liver pills, most popular iu Briluiu. He is deacon iu the London Temple, Dr Parker's church. The statue of Harriet Beechor Stowo, to be erected in Hartford, Conn., will he the third statue to women in the United States. The first one is in New Orleans to a woman who was a heroine during a fearful epidemic there. The other is of Emma Willard, and stands in Troy, New York. ■ Mme. Adam was driven into journalism by the unhappiness of her first married life. Her parents married her while she was a girl of fifteen to a notary in a pro vincial town. She loft her husband, and, aided by George Sand, wrote herself into fame in Paris. She married a senator, M. Adam, and was left a rich widow at his death. This enabled her to found 1 La Nouvelle Revue " aud to establish the salon in the Rue Juliette Lumber, to which all the celebrities in Paris crowd on her reception nights. There is private theatre attached to tho house, where new plays are occasionally acted by clever amateurs on Sunday nights. Among the men who have taken up arms against Spain in the Philippine Islands is Juan Luna Noricis, a paiufer well known in the artistic circles of Madrid, Barcolona, Rome and Paris. A Malay by birth, he went to Spain at the age of twenty, and won a scholarship [ which enabled him to finish his studies in Rome. For some time he worked steadily, and got good prices for his pictures, but the Malay blood broke through thpjveneer of civilisation. He murdered his wife and mother-in-law, and then vanished from sight, to reappear as a rebel in his old home. Noricis has three brothers. Oue enjoys some reputation us a violinist, another as a doctor, and the last is, or was, director of the Bacteriological Laboratory at Manilla. . ; This is a true Euglish ghost-story of an unconventional kind. A young lady arrived late at night on a visit to u friend She awoke iu the darkness, to find a white figure at the foot of the bed. While Bhe watched, the- bed- clothes were suddenly whisked oft and the apparition vanished. After an anxious, not to say chilly, night, the visitor wont down, with little appetite, to breakfast. At the table she was introduced to a gentleman, a very old friend of the family," who had, she. learned, also been sleeping in the house. He complained of the cold. "I hope you will excuse me," he said to the hostess, " but I found it so cold during the night, that, knowing the room next mine was unoccupied, X took the liberty of going in and carrying off the bed clothes to supplement, my own'."' The room, as it happened, was not unoccu pied, but he never loarnad his mistake. During the one year that General Bonjamiu F. Butler was governor of Massachusetts, the class iu rhetoric of the Girl's Latin School in Boston was being examined, and the teacher put this ques tion to one of bis pupils: " If I should say to you, ' his honor, the. governor of Massachusetts,' what fignro of ■ speech should you call it ? " ; " Irony," was the instant reply of the pupil. : ''Tobacco smoking," said a traveller, ."is so common in Holland that it is al most impossible to distinguish one per son from.■! another in a room full of smokers." "But supposing you want to speak to somo one present, how are yo.i to<Lndhim out ? " '.' Ahin such cases a winter is seut. round with • a pair of bellows, with, which he blows away the smoke from the face of every person until the right one is found ! "■ 