L K O L E S S O R W . A. A N D S T E L L A DAWIS. The most clever, amusing and enjoyable entertainments that has been witnessed in Geraidton for a very long period, were those given by Professor W. A. and Madame, Stella D/ivis on Friday, Saturday and last evening. The Professor opened each performance with a few card tricks, at which he is wondrously expert, and as he talks both fluently and wittily, he was soon on good terms with his audience. A specimen of spirit writing (very neatly managed) was then given, followed by perhaps the best sleight-ofhand trick yet shown here. Live handkerchiefs weie borrowed and fastened n together bv intricate knots made by different, people. The Professor, without, any delay, placed one on the other in a hat, and immediately withdrew them one by one, separated. Nunrrous tricks with coins, watches, and many other articles too numerous to mention being presented each evening, the Professor having a very extensive" repertoire in mat tors escamoterie, and gave fresh tricks each evening. An exhibition of the clever cabinet trick and an amusing display of ventriloquism closed the first part of the programme. As a ventriloquist Prof. Davis is exceptionally <ood, the humorous sayings of the various j figures causing mars of laughter, j while the, various songs introduced | brought forth rounds of ajiplau.se and numerous encores. Madame Stella Davis assisted her husband in tlie next item. R "uisicrucian .-horn; Small slips of paper were handed round the audience, who were requested to write on them any question they wished answered. No writing pad was supplied, each person putting down bis interrogation where he jdeased. The papers were then collected in a hat, and, without being removed from tlie sight of the audience, lianile 1 round promiscuously and retained by those drawing them. Madame Davis was then blindfolded, and gave a score or so of ques}ions and answers, which were acknowledged to be correct by both the person who held the paper aud the writer of tlie question. This part of the entertainment is most astonishing, the papers not leaving the audience for a second, and Madame Davis is quite able to state what is in the minds of her audience, and give most satisfactory answers, many test questions having been given each evening and the answers being proved correct thoroughly satisfied the most sceptical that Madame Davis is a clairvoyant of no mean ability. The Professor wound up with an extraordinary illustration of how modern ghosts are produced. He first stated that he wished it distinctly understood th at he claimed there was nothing but trickery in anything he did, and courted but defied the closest investigation. At his request a commit tee of gentleman ascended the stage, and started operations by securely fastening the performer's hands behind his back with a rope, the knots being dr awn so tightly as to break the skin of the wrist. After these knots had ! een sealed the Professor was placed in a long black bag (carefully examined and passed as correct), the mouth of which was drawn tightly round his neck by means of a running tape The tape was also knotted and sealed, and the two long ends passed through the folds of a cabinet (also minutely inspected) inside of which. Air. Davis was seated. One of the committee held these ends in his hand, while another had a roving commission outside the cabinet to guard against extraneous assistance. In spite of these precaution?, no sooner were the lights lowered than bells were wrung, tambourines played, and after a little while three ghostly figures (Cissie, Geordie, and Josephine, Mrs. Mellon's favorite "spooks,") made their appearance one after the other, one^f them shaking hands with the members of the committee. Towards the close of the trick the Professor struck a match and walked out of the cabinet in ordinary evening dress and without his bonds ; yet a minute afterwards, when the, lights were raised and the curtain withdrawn he was found as sccurely bound as ever, with the knots and seal intact . Professor Davis will visit Northampton to morrow night ; Dongarra on Saturday. Afterwards lie purposes visiting the Nor'-west. starting at Cossack. Wherever he visits he richly deserves bumper houses, those who do not, w itness his entertainment will miss a gseat treat. 