NOYEL. -A- ?? Whim and a Chance By WILLIAM T. NICHOLS. CHAPTER XI. — (OomtuTOid.) Fred had oome to tbe shop, he relate , glibly enough, and together they had honied through the stock for the artiole the yonng man' sought; This had taken ten or fifteen minutes, but at last tbe sprinkler had been wrapped in ^paper and £ red had paid for it and departed. 'You. used a heary oord in tying ii np, didn't yon ?' I asked. Mes: I'd run outer twine.' 'Did Mr. Oook tell you what he was to ! qo with this purchase r ? ' No ; we talked quite a lot,— we're good ! Mends, me and Mr. Oook,— but he didn't ' say ncthiu' on that point.' 1 4 Did he say he was going out of town f ' 4 No; we just talked miscellaneous; 'bout the weather more'n anything else,' 1 Nothing about yoor late neighbour Mir. Barnes P' 'Not a word. He pumped me dry on that long ago/ * He took the bundle away with him P 4 Yes, started down the street with it.* 4 Away from the court P' 4 Yes, down Peyton Street towards the ear i line. What's the trouble? Nothin' crooked, is there P' 4 Nothing at all. Thanks for yonr Infor- ! mation.' i 1 He mumbled something aboot being al* ways rejoiced to oblige a mend, and followed Jne.to. the door, as If he- hoped for farther ; Uehton the reasons for my visit, but I left him rather abruptly, and, turning into the i court, hastened to tne house in whioh Joshua Barnes had lived and died. The woman who responded to my knook greeted me surlily j lor she was one of the class whose members seem to think that every physioian regards a healthy person as a farmer looks - upon hisjrigs, — that is, an a source ^future profit. 1 dare say that had I attempted such a familiarity as a poke in the ribs she would hare set down the friendly attention as preolsely of the sort bestowed by the farmer upon his porkers, and would have expeoted me «o remark, ' You'll oat up well some day,' with a blood curdling -ohuokle thrown in for good measure. But I had no notion of indulging in suoh pleasantries. Little as she esteemed me or my calling, she was on very amiable terms with Fred Oook. If he had seen her the evening before, it waB almost certain that they had had a chat. ' What's that ye're aftherf' she demanded, suspiolously, when I had stated my errand. Misther Oook, is't P What is'fc I'd be knowin' of him, thin, and me a widdyP' ' He wa% in this neighborhood last eve ning, Mrs. Regan*' I explained. 'Ithought, he might have stopped to say good»evening to you; that's all,' 'He didn't oome here, thin,' she said, sharply. ' But if he had, what harm would it have been P 4 None at all, none at all. I merely asked for information.' ' If s none I can give ye.' To emphasise her remak she shut the aoor with a vioious slam. However, she had said that Fred had sot called, upon her, thus corroborating the point at issue. As a bit of evidence it was worth the . unpleasantness involved in seourin? it. ' When, a quarter of an hour later, I entered my office, it was with . the purpose of stowing away the sprinkler where Dorothy oould not stumble upon it. In a general way it had occurred to me that such a precaution oould do no harm and might do some good. The maid should be warned to say nothing of the bundle left in the vesftble. There was a chance that she .might hold her . , ton toe, at least for a day or two, by whioh v;' ; ? r' ' _? tin.e .we ought to havea very fairideaof Fred's -dolngs.. Mybenevolent scheme, ' however, was doomed to :be ziippod in the ? bud ; for when . X reaohed? theroom I saw Dorothy v and Mary standing by the desk upon whioh the opened package lay. There was nothing for ft but to tell them every* ihing I knew br conjectured. 4 Too bad the boy should have been so careless,' said I, in summing up my re* marks. * He might at least have telegraphed, even if he forgot to send us some word by tbe messenger who bronght the sprinkler. But we'll hear from him before very long. He will be too anxious to get his valise to play his joke very muoh further.' ' ? 4 Ii it is a joke,* said Dorothy, slowly.' 'Isn't it very Junuinial for a messenger to leave anything at a house without ringing the bell f 'Perhaps he employed some boy ivho (bought his task completed when he dropped his burden at the door,' Mary suggested. 4 You're dose to the truth, I suspeot/ said ' I. Fred left the^ shop with his bargain under his arm. Suppose that when ho reaohed the street oar line he happenod to. remember . that the liine-fifteen train was more convenient than the ele veil® thirty : it really is, you know. He saw & ear coming, whioh would take him to the railway station^ Aoting upon impulse, he oalled a boy who ohancedto be near, and hired him to bring the sprinkler to this house. The boy, fpc some reason or other,— because . he wasla boy, probably,— failed to ^diverlt : until this mozning, . when, avoid explana . tionB of lus tardiness, he rimjpj.y depoaitod his bundle in the veetible aS|-|£takio hie heels. Fredmean while; having inad&^R run to the Springe by the earlief tram^^h^maiied us a note,andieprooeedingtbBnjoyhini8elfwith B-fainy easy oonsblen-je; ' lHn*t^he ezplana : ;r-.' - tionlikely to be true?/' ; My hearers ^jreed ^thfit it was plausible, and Ileft them indined rather to he hurt by Fred's apparent'^isoonrtesy than to yield to areyivaljof their panic ofihe previouseve ~ Nor did tlieir Courage during the ^ay :, a beUefr&at4he; has been siighted wi do wonders iQ .he way of keeping up ? woman's nerv^ - the evening paMecl withpu1 a freeh^atbreak of anxiety, and they retired oohsoled bj the erpec^ian' ; of lidings from Bin mtariny f-nQ In ?' ' ' /' ' But the next day's mail brought,, no news. Ic vain -1 -hastened to ituflat that there was tio cause pf 'alsjrm, , lb vain dilated upon the oulpa'ble . csreleiuiess of modern ^buth. Argue as' 1 might, , my ? words had no Effect, largelyj mo'donbt, beoauite ;they laoked the strengtnof oonvioaoni for X. too, #as begin* ning to think that SM misht have got into some serious scrape, what it might .be was beyond my power of imagination. Oook was no brawler, tie was not dissipated, he had not been In a dangerous part of the oity on the night of his vanishing ; for the Peyton Street distriot. though poverty ?strfoken,. was far from perilous to those ^who strayed Into it. ; X sent a telegram tp a friend, a person ; of idisorption, who was spending the summer at the Springs.- In |iour the answer oame : nothing hkd been hrard or seenof FredtHook at that resort.' ^Thui l risked a deroatoh to theiuanagier of ihe ^hbUl ^at the Mqe, pnlf . to read -in liia rpply ^ie same )aok of the in- , f ormadon^ greatly ^desired. ? ^Next I cent p: iatch of ; messages, oneto'.eachbfthe'pilaoesi ont^Urt5)redjiad ^ispUBsSlf boticbm'eaoh the;inre8 brpogbt ^ie re^nie'I dreaded. Gnar^'.inauiM^ at Ae ofidb,^ of his em- . floyel'S^ wore ^nbt by'the. statment tiiat he had ; notinfpraMthem Jwherahlsvaoia'ti6ns were: ♦o7?)© nipaill-1; Mbthet rdd upon 'WaBhihgton ^ ptmrt^ai:'^iany;:.frida«s. ^trs.Began \ *rt-eaiin& h.er^neolaration ignoranceeven ; ' inbte^OT^adyithabv^or^^dthe Junk- tai^ni^linjp itb^d'a^etsHfof Interestno'the^ tt^yjireVliad_^M.^lA.t therallway -station a mls&nthrbpioal.; tloket-seUer and a pau of gruff rulers of the gates through, whioh passengers pused tocne crains defeated xne in short order. When they saw so many hundreds daily, how oonld they be evpeoted to zeoolleot a young man who, so far as they could tell from my description, looked re* markably like half the other young men in the country f I didn't attempt to argue the point. In* ? stead, I wen t home tirod, disoouraged. pain ad by a sospioion whioh was foroing itself upon me at every fresh failure, a snspiolon whioh I oould not overoome, and whioh threatened all my faith in a man whom I had trusted implioitly. Dorothy met me at the door. There was no need to ask her if any tidings had oome. ' Not a thing have I to tell you,' said I, briefly. 'So far as I know, he has dis appeared from the face of the earth.' .OHAPTEB XH. Afterward, when what had be°n mysteries were no longer mysteries, and we. oould piok the flaws In tbe reasoning by whioh we had failed to nrplain them, I blamed myself not a little for losing heart so readily and for olasBing Fred's absenoe as a disappearance, forty-eight heurs after hi* 'departure on bis erra&d; in Peyton Street. A 'disappearance,' in tbe common use of the term, means neoesparily one of two thing : the person in question has dropped out of sight either throngh bodily mishap or mental aberration, whioh, though an unpleasant matter, may attaoh no dishonor, to his name, or he has lied of his own volition, thereby pleading guilty in Advance to any and all oharpes whioh may be brought against him, and assuring te himself a good deal more dis grace wan he ^nay deserve. There, was considerable evidence that (Jook bad not been waylaid nor fallen a vistam to the perils of the oity streets, and there was no strain of insanity in his olood. I oould hardly defend myself , subsequently, by a plea that I had not put the most unohantable interpretation upon his case. Iu fact, I attempted no excuses of the sort. A phase of the matter which eonoerned me far more keenly was the effect my faintheartedness had upon my womankind. It was my business to main tain, their courage at ml costs, to preaoh hojpefulness to them to the last. And in this I was remiss, signally remiss, when in a score of hasty words I blurted out enough to convince them that I feared the worst. It was a sad blander, and lor it I paid the penalty ; for thereafter I -was doomed to see my attempts to enoourage them wasted utterlr, and to feel gay sol f in part respon sible for their sorrow. We dragged through three more days miserably enough, Dorothy and Mary faring even worse than I, for my praotioe kept me oooipied muoh of the timej while they had little to do but to wait for. tidings which they had oome to fear almost as greatly aa they had longed for them. Their ordeal was oruelly hud. It was -telliag upon them all the' more rapidly because of the inroads made upon their strength by the unrelenting heat of a city summer, to whioh they had insisted upon subjecting themselves. Even Mary, by far the less delioateof the two, was beginning to look a promising candidate for a physioian's attention. Both of them needed change of soeno, and that, too, at onoe. I determined, then, to appeal to Mary to forego .her objections and to acoompany Dorothy on a visit to .the bllla « tot Fred's inexplicable conduot seeaed to have freed me from the obligations of the promises I h*d given to him. It was the third evening einoe my blonder, the fifth sinoe Fred's vanishing. Iliad had only another series of failures to report as the net oatcome of the day's investigations. A letter to Oook*s father, diplomatically phrased, had brought from him the reply that ne had received from his son no news as to the manner in which the boy was passing his fortnight's leave, and that he was surprised to learn that I was in 'm'lar ignoranoe. Luokily, the ' old gentleman had not yet caught the alarm. When he should catch it, I looked for trouble. Of oourse he would hold me responsible in some degree for his I son's disappearance. And a oharming tale I would have to tell him. Dorothy, who waB Buffering from a head* ache, had gone to her room, and Mary and I were alone on the verandah. The oppor tunity was hot to be wasted. Drawing my chair close to hers, I undertook the ta*k beforeme. ? Jl.gave a j)ledge before Fred went away/ said- X.,: 'Perhaps, Mary, you 'Should be informed of it, though when I gave it I had no expectation of revealing the secret. But Fred's extraordinary conduot— to call it nothing stronger— puts me at liberty to speak. I promised him to do everything in my power?to induce you notto cany out your plan of leaving us before his return, and I pledged myself further not to insist in the mean time upon Dorothy going to the country. Now, Mary, I want you to help me, to sacrifice your pride, so to -say, and to ? tell Dorothy that you will accompany her to some quiet plaoe out of town. Circum stances have obanged greatly in the last few days. She is none too strong, as yon know, and this business of Fred's is wearing her out. . She must have a change of air and potto undings, or break down completely. There's the case in a nut-shell.' To say so mnoh had not been easy. Two persons meeting daily for weeks, with every condition favoring intimacy, may fail to pass the bounds of a somewhat distant friend liness, through their mutual liking may be none ' the less sinoere' Very seldom indeed had Mary and I approached the confidential in cur talks. My soe^tidism in the matter of her grandfather's hidden wealth ^had been somewhat of a barrier between us, and latterly her unwillingness to ' inorease her obligations,' as she put it, had intensified the difficulty of arriving at a eatisfaotory understanding. Greatly fcs her ^reluctance annoyed me, 1 could not but acknowledge, upon reflection, that -it might be justafied ? from her point of view. Moreover, I had hesitated- to' broach the shbjeot to her, lest my interference might result in outtingehorci . - her stay, abonsummation farfrommydeslre. Even now, when Cook's disappearanoe had i epurred me to aotive measures, I experienced a good deal of difficulty, in preferring my ' request ?: The girl did hot immediately answer. I oould not see her faoe, forT,'we were in a shadowy corner of the poroh^but I could conjecture tte doubt and perplexity of her thoughts. , . . * ,'Iam glad .that you hays told me about : your promise, ' she .iald,1- ht last, speaking very .slowly. 'It Is. better .that T should know-of !t.^ : 'So, I think.' v; Yes, it is very mubh better,' she went .cn. 'Perhaps the best thing for 4i8- wou\d ^be 4o be utterly frank with eaoh otb«r. 1 need rouradvioe, dootor. Will -you^not give It nefore you press me for an answer to the question you have asked f ' As you wfoh/ said l. \ 'Juflt before Bred Oook secured the pro mise from you,' ehe oontinued, after a pause, 1 he asked me to, fcaarry him. Yoti must hare known tha^'' - ? 8omn6h.he.tpld me.* / ? t And my ans wBr f -I judged ^ that it was ^ not definite,— at least thatlt Was conditional.* .'J ' i*' 1 ;*.£es ; it ^as bohdition^.' H took me by wrorise. in spite of—v^ell, ^ spite of .sourttiilngthat happftned ohc«— yen saw it. I thought *that he used me, but— but -— — ' '* ^tty -go on/ 'said I, -enoouagingly. ; 'I^riedio be '-fair and ^ahbst ;«nd con-J siderate1nwhatXsaid,'sheoontintied. ' *He _hsd ^been So «ood to me. 1 explained how much my mu^o^was to me, how lor years U haa been tny ambition to beoome a singer, Jiow the fnstrnbtbn in Boston nrged me i-er* seivere. THslist^iedtk) kindly,' so Sympa^et ioally. . And ;I told- him that tlikbii hlnr; tollingbf it s^^lmly made me. .«oabt wbethw. : thew ' was Anything' more ' than liking, ?Ibfi't yon l^ibw t~C *Th&n.; }ib urged me not to . leave Trent, nnd 'that reminded me how dependant' I was. Oh, how sharp was the pang of realization I And . then oame a longing for some one to' cling to. I had never felt it before ; I had thought myself brave and self- reliant, but all in a flash I -knew that I wasn't. I seemed helpless^ my courage ,was gone. Gladly would I have said the Word he asked me to say, but something restrained me. Even ! then my ambition reasserted Itself.. I liked , him better than any one else, but was I : ready to give up all the old hopes f I think he understood me.' 4 Perhaps he was too sanguine,' said I. 4 At least, to put it plainly, he appeared to believe that in oase you gave np your musio you would beoome his wife. Was he wrong P' 'Not exaotly wrong, and yet—' She hesitated. ' You spoke of advioe/ said I. ' Yes, I am coming to that. But first m6 finish the stozy. He insisted that should not leave Trent at present ; but I would not bind myself to stay. Ithought that in a . day or tyro I oould learn my own mind and . deoide wisely. Then he went away, nobody knows where, and ? ' ' You've not reaohed a deoision f ' ' Not yet: your ooonsel may belp me.' ' Listen, then,' said 1. * Here's the only oourse for you to 'follow. Go away with Dorothv. We'll find a place not too frir from uie cityT where you can he informed immediately if anything is learned of Fred's whereabouts. Iu the mean time, don't worry, and don't let Dorothy worry. Yoa ve spoken to her of obligations. ? Now, if ^ you will only oonsent to leave the city with her, and do your best to oheor her up by being cheerful yourself, I'll count every obligation amply repaid and a big balance curled over to the other side of the ledger. Won't you promise me this as a very great personal favor P* 'Yea,' she said. It was the syllable I was most^ desirous . to hear, even if it was spoken with the utmost reluotauce. Once her word was given, she oould be relied upon to keep .her agreement. 4 Thank you a thousand times !' I cried. 'Mary, I'll, be your debtor forever. 'Can you start to-morrow P* ? ' To-morrow P Oh, dootor, not to-morow. . Gives us two more days.' 'Why f . 3 . 1 1° two more days it will be a full week since-- — Again she panned, ? 1 Since Fred dropped out,' said I, to her sentence. ' Two days P TJm ! I don't like the idea, but— well, will you go at the end of them P' * Ye% if Dorothy is then ready.'* 1 I'll drive her out of the house if she tries to delay, said I. ' But with yea as a com panion she'll be open to reason.1 . There was a long pause after this declara tion, the girl speaking at last, and breaking in upon my reflections, the burden of whioh was that I had scored a very satisfactory viotory. ' Where do you think Fred isPf 'said she. ' Please give me your honest opinion. Be frank with me as I have been with you.' ' I m sorry you've asked me,' said I. ' I oan only conjecture, and my guess won't comfort you. Here's a fellow who leaves a frimd's house, expeoting to return in ha'f an hour. He doesn't return. All sorts of inquiries lead to no trace of his whereabout*. Ha has left behind a valise, paokedfor a trip *-o some one of several summer resorts, at none of whioh is he to be found. No word reaohes his friends, who are able only to satisfy themselves that he has not come to STief in the city. X don't imagine for an instant that Fred is trying to play a very poor practical joke upon us. So, altogether, ?the unwilling belief is growing within me that he has run away, why or whither I don't know. I haven't a ghost of a suspicion on either point.' ' I can't aeree with j on, 'said she, qninkly. ' It's impossible, that Fred Cook should have done anything of tbe sort/ '.'Seemingly most improbable, not impos sible/ I insisted. ^ ' There are queerer c^ges than his in the list of disappearances. One or t wo of them oocurred right in thin oity.' 4 Is there nothing more to be done P' she asked. ' Several things will have to be attempted, if he isn't heard from soon. To begin with, his father will have to be notified: he'll be likely to assume charge of the search. Then there are the police. So long as barest ohanoe remains that Fred may turn up unassisted, I want to keep away from them. No doubt they'd do good work, but pub licity would surely follow an appeal, to them. I have thought of putting the case in the hands of a private detective agency, but I'm not an admirer of .the system. Fred's father, no doubt,. -riU Settle such questions. He will make a row because he wasn't called upon the morning^after his son left us, and there will be a oertain amount of juetaoe on his side. I realize the false position we'll be in, but T don't see how it can be avoided. So long as we're not absolutely^ sure that Fred's oase is not a genuine disappearance, we can't afford to risk raising a hue and cry, which would do him no end of harm in a business and social way. But the days of grace we can allow him are almost run out.' ' Please do nothing more until the week is over,' she urged. ^ 4 why the weekP' Have you a premoni tion that - we shall see him again, or hear fromhim within the next forty-eight hours P' ' No premonition, dootor ; only a hope.' 4 Well,' said I, reflectively, * possibly two days more will make little difference. Let it stand at that. After all, you're antitJod to a voioe in the matter.* 4 Am IP*, she asked, with a nervous little laugh. ' 4 1 trust so,' said I, earnestly. * If by any ohanoe Fred comes baok, and if We find him still the good, straightforward fellow he has always seemed, I should yery .greatly like to think that musio is .no longer 'his successful rival. Haven t these days of .waiting made a difference in hii favor f' flhe rose from her chair and crossed the verandah '.to the hall _ door before she answered me. ; ' Again I shall ? be frank with yon,' she said. 'Have they made a difference P I don't know- - Sometimes — jiio, I won't attempt to explain. All I can' say is just what I've sua ; I don't know*' tT0 BH OOHIINUBD.V 